---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_005.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

WOL. V

Philadelphia, January 2, 1918

NO. 1

A MESSAGE OF CHEER
FOR THE NEW YEAR

The following communication from Mrs.
Maud B. Booth was received by the editor
for publication in THE UMPIRE. As the
message is eloquent in its expression of good
will and effort to cheer our inmate readers,
we feel that it needs no other comment than
to say tnat it is most welcome:

- December 26, 1917.
Dear Friends and Comrades:

I know the editor of THE UMPIRE will give
| me a corner in which to Wishyou a good and

glad New Year. I will make my message
very short because I know how much there
is to crowd into each issve of the paper. I
want to tell you that as the old year dies and
1918 comes in I shall be praying for one and
all of you and giving my life again to God in

4. renewed consecration for your service.

I have thought and worked for you all for
i twenty-one years and I am more enthusiastic
: and more anxious to help you today than
ever I was. What I have seen in the lives
¢ of the many who have gone forth and made
d: good has made me supremely conscious of
| the good possibilities for you all.
Remember, dear friends, as you go into
* the New Year with its new clean pages upon
* which each one of you must write a record
‘that you will get out of 1918 just what you
put into it. If earnestly, patiently, faith-
fully you strive to make good there will come
back to your own heart a joy, to your own
character a strength, and to your own days
. a usefulness which will repay you for every
effort. ; '
To many of you the doors will swing open
i in this coming year and you can go forth to
test your new resolves. To others there may
not be the liberty of the outside world but
there can come freedom to the spirit and the
blessed realizaticn that even within the walls
¢ each day may be made well worth while.
God bless you one and all. Let me help
i you where 1 can.
Always your true friend and Little Mother,
MAaup B. BOOTH.

MISSION SERVICES

Catholic mission services will be held at the

prison Chapel from January 6 to 13 inclusive.

The services will be conducted by the Rev.

' P. J. Maguire, S. J., who met with such ex-
cellent success here lastyear.

All inmates who are interested will be

CHRISTMAS DAY SERVICES

Catholic church services was held at the
prison Chapel on Christmas morning, the
Rev. Michael J.0’Shea, S.J., officiating.

A select musical program was rendered by
the local Catholic choir under the excellent
leadership of Professor Joseph Welsh. The
sanctuary and altar was elaborately decorat-
ed with beautiful flowers and decorative
plants, which added to the splendor of the
service. :

Besides a large number of visitors and in-
mate communicants, there were present
many members of the American Society for
Visiting Catholic Prisoners.

AN APPEAL

O Lord! You have given me life and a duty to
perform.
If once I failed, do not withhold thy mercy;
But give me liberty
That I may prove a worthy servant
In the presence of my enemies,
And share my crust with those who lack,
While yet I have the strength to serve
When Duty calls.
; S S.T.H.
REV. MICHAEL A. O’KANE, S. J.

It is with deep regret that we record the

death of the Rev. Michael A. O’Kane, S. J.,

who passed from this life on Wednesday last,
at St. Vincent’s Hospital, Worcester, Mass.
For a number of years he was a priest at the
Church of the Gesu, this city, and until re-
cently was Catholic chaplain at this institu-
tion, where he won the hearts of all.

Shortly before leaving here to attend an
anniversary banquetgiven at Worcester, there
was a celebration at the Eastern Penitentiary
in honor of his golden jubilee, and his sudden
sickness and death came as a shock to his
large circle of friends.

At one time Father O’Kane was president
of the Holy Cross College in Worcester, Mass.,
and he enjoyed the distinction of building
O’Kane Hall at that place. Besides other
honors, Father O’Kane was a missionary for
fourteen years and traveled extensively
through the country, preaching with eloquent
and unusual success in many places.

In addition to his winning personality,
Father O’Kane possessed a clear, sonorous
voice with power of appeal that won him
many converts to the Mother Church.

In the loss of Father O’Kane the church

SACRED SONG SERVICE

The E. S. P. choir and orchestra rendered
a number of sacred songs and musical selec-
tions on the Center at this institution on
Sunday afternoon last. The choristers and
musicians gave excellent proof of their de-
velopment under Professor A. F. Wiegandt’s
able drilling on the occasion of the song service.

The program was as follows:

PROGRAM
1. Overture Le Dame Blanc F. A. Boildieu
2. Hymn 7 (R. B.) D. B. Towner

(a) —Grace Enough for Me

(b)—He Lifted Me (R. B. 28)
3. Hymn 53 (R. B.)

(a) —What Did He Do?

(b)—WheI:e is My Boy Tonight? (R. B. 224)

W. Owen

4. Missionary Overture J. W. Allen
5. Hymn 30 (B. S.) P. P. Bliss
(a)—Arise and Shine!
(b)—Joy to the Worla! (B. S. 254)
6. Hymn 210 (B. S.) B. D. Ackley

(a)—I am Coming Home
(b)—Till I See My Mother’s Face (B. S.60)
7. Sacred Heart Voluntary G. B. Banard
A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates
on December 26th only routine business was
transacted. Fifteen applications for mem-
bership in the Club were received, and favor-
ably acted upon, namely: B 8927, 8928, 5347,

‘8901, 8923, 8932, 8916, 8913, 8924, and the

following gentlemen, who having apparently
dodged the tax-collector contributed a total
of $§1.15 to the Club’s War Chest: B 8912,
8930, 8922, 6862, 8914, and 8925. The follow-
ing expenditures were made duriug the week:
$1.50 to John Wanamaker for towels for the
use of actors; $8.79 for postage on Xmas
Cards sent out by Club members: the same
having been generously presented to the Club
by Mr. Lafferty of the Board of Inspectors,
and the Club’s Treasury being the richer in
the sum of some thirty dollars by their sale.

Every Official of the Institution, from the
Board of Inspectors to the watchmen by the
wall was remembered with a card bearing
tke best wishes of the Club for the New Year,
and if any have been overlooked we tender
them our sincere apologies, and our very best;

looses a noble son who will be greatly missed
by those who had.the good fortune to know
him.

: \ welcome by members of the Church who will
I be in attendance during the week of the

I mission.

wishes. Sums, totaling $43.76 for Xmas
(Continued on page 4.)
