---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_006.jpg
---
==_____.————__—__————————————-— b

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. Y

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 2, 1918.

W.

“The man who plans to sin and doesn’t, still
needs God’s forgiveness for planning the sin.”’
_———__—_———__—___——'_zﬂ—'——_———_

THE PROVERBIAL NEW LEAF

It is a common thing at New Year’s time
to hear people talk of turning over a new
leaf, making good resolutions, and wiping
the slate clean, or in other words, begin
again with a new start. That is one way
to help blot out the black marks. of an un-
satisfactory past.

It is a right thought and will bear fruit if
—if the thought sticks long enough to bring
action. We are all more or less given to
thinking things that are not carried out to
fruition, and its only when we make the
thoughts stick that we accomplish anything
worth while.

It will be remembered that primitive men
once drew their thought pictures in the sand,
and no doubt their skill and conception was
crude at best. We also know that primitive
men lived and fought for their scanty exist-
ence and died. Not having a substantial
foundation on which todraw their pictures,
those they left were so lightly imprinted that
they were soon effaced by the tread of wild
animals, and the rainstorms.

Passing on to the cavemen, we find that
they carved their pictures upon the rocks
with infinite care and patience and they left
behind them carvings that all the changes of
centuries could not erase. These pictures
are all we have to tell us of the early history
of the world. We can see that that which
endured had a foundation of something sub-
stantial—of rock.

If we have poor drawings and soiled pages
on our book of life, it would be well to turn
over a new leaf and start on a clear, smooth,
substantial backing that will endure. But it
is necessary that we start the new page with
infinite care and patience, and stick to it with
whatever tools we may have, no matter how
unsatisfactory the tools may be. They must
be made to cut and sink in deep enough to
leave an enduring impression. Unless we
do that all other efforts will be oflittle avail.
We must carve our good resolutions deep in-
to the heart so they will endure the stress of
storm for all time.

THE UMPIRE

THE FEDERAL PRISON LABOR BILL

No doubt it will be good news to the in-
mate readers of THE UMPIRE to learn that
the prison labor bill recently mentioned in
columns as having been introduced in Con-
gress by Senator Hoke Smith, of Georgia,
and Representative Charles F. Booher, of
Missouri, has every chance of becoming a
Federal law, if present indications hold true.

In a letter to the editor, Mr. Adolph Lew-
isohn, of New York, Chairman of the Legis-
lative Committee of the National Committee
on Prisons and Prison Labor, states the ob-
ject which that body seeks to accomplish in
the enactment of the bill now pending.

‘“‘Employment of prison labdr for the pro-
duction of war supplies is the purpose of the
bill. Many proposals for utilizing prison
labor for war purposes have been made with-
out thorough appreciation of the economic
considerations involved. Scientific treatment
of the question by the National Committee
on Prisons and Prison Labor, including con-
ferences held in Washington with the differ-
ent departments of government concerned
and the American Federation of Labor, have
led to the introduction of the bill. The
American Federation of Labor has from the
beginning strongly supported the measure
because its provides for the elimination of
those forces of prison labor exploitation which
have made our penal institutions sources of
private gain.

““It is unnecessary to go into detail con-
cerning the prison labor problems involved in
such legislation when anybody interested
may turn to the latest volume on practical
penal problems— ‘The Prison and the Prison-
er,” just off the Little, Brown press, and
find modern thought concisely stated by rec-
ognized authorities whose views are indorsed
by the National Committee on Prisons and
Prison Labor.

““I wish, however, to reassure the readers
of your publication that none of the funda-
mental principles of social reform have been
ignored by the framers of the pending labor
bill. The war emergency in this case offers
no excuse for lowering the standards of
prison labor, but makes imperative higher
standards in order that the highest efficiency
may be attained. In many states private
contractors are exploiting prison labor for
their own gain, but the legislation will make
possible a reorganization of the prisons of the
country so that the beneficiaries of the
prisoners’ labor will be the federal govern-
ment, the state, the county, the city, the
prisoner himslf, and the prisoner’s family.
The prisoner will help win the war, he will
add to the national wealth, and he will as-
sume responsibility for dependents who need
no longer be cared for by means of private
charity. A wage commensurate with his
labor will make this possible.

‘‘Another essential of prison reform which
is to be insisted upon is the employment of

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

FEpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

the prisoner in an industry which will be of
benefit to him on his release from prison. A
man’s work in prison is the first step in fit-
ting a social misfit to take a man’s place up-
on his release.

‘“The passage of this bill by Congress will
mean the culmination of nine years’ of labor
on the part of the National Committee on
Prisons and Prison Labor in the interests of
prison reform based on scientific study of
actual conditions. I do not believe anything
more important could have been attempted
in the penal field.

““It is not expected that anyone who thor-
oughly understands the purpose and meaning
of the bill will oppose. The prison contrac-
tors who have in many instances employed
the prisoners have always contended that
contract convict labor would have to continue
until a solution of the selling problem has
been worked out. This bill adequately pro-
vides for a sufficient market for the goods
produced. ,

‘‘As stated at a recent dinner given in
Washington, we have been in a fight for bet-
ter conditions for seven years. We do not
feel that there need be any dispute over this

- legislation, but we intend to fight to the fin-

ish to abolish the old conditions of exploita-
tion and to give our men at the front the
support of every possible bit of man power
in this country.’’ :

In scanning the list of names of the active
members of the National Committee on Pris-
ons and Prison Labor, we note the large num-
ber of prominent citizens of New York State
who have devoted their time and energies to
furthering the interests of the imprisoned.
To say the least, this is only another evidence
of the splendid spirit and true-heartedness of
the residents of the Empire State; which
fact should be fully appreciated by all who in
any way benefit by their excellent work for
prison betterment.

HAVING EARS TO HEAR

Some of us who have trouble in deciding
what is God’s will for our lives may not have
been hearing His voice. If any cherished sin
is dulling our hearing we cannot expect clear
guidance. A young man was standing with
an older friend at the edge of a mountaln
woodland as the evening settled over the
