---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_007.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

landscape. Suddenly the younger man
whispered: ‘‘Listen, can you hear that?’’
““No,’’ said the older man, ‘‘I don’t hear any-
thing.”’ ‘“Now,’’ again whispered the young-
er, ‘‘there it is; do you hear it now?’”’ The
older man smiled regretfully: ‘‘No I am afraid
I don’t.”” And then there fell upon his ears a
very faint and distant note which for an in-
stant he caught, like the sound of a bell far
away. ‘‘I heard that,”” he said. ‘‘Yes,’’ said
the one with keener ears, ‘‘that’s the most
beautiful note in all the woocs, the song of
the hermit thrush.”” The older man did not
hear it at all at first, 4&nd could only do so
with an effort. It ought not to be so where
God speaks to us. The most beautiful note in
all the world, the voice of God speaking to
the human soul, ought to fall upon eagerly
sensitive ears. Is there anything that is dull-
ing your hearing?

MONEY

The earliest pieces of metal used as money
went by the weight. The next step was to
stamp the coins, so that they would not have
to be weighed each time. First, only the
sides were stamped, as in Greece and Rome;
but this left the edges unstamped. Dishon-
est people were always clipping off small
pieces. Merchants and banks refused to
take the clipped pieces because they were
too light. To prevent clipping, the edges
were stamped—sometimes with a crown or
star, sometimes with little ridges.

The next step in the development was the
restriction of the right to coin. In the Mid-
dle Ages almost every nobleman in the land
had the right to coin money. Many of the
coins were debased—that is, they were ac-
tually worth less than the stamp said they
were.

' Today the money of the world is coined by
the Government only. Some paper money,
to be sure, is issued in the name of the na-
tional banks, but it is printed by the Govern-
ment, which also limits the quanity and
places safeguards around its circulation.

Money, in general, is of two kinds, ‘‘con-
vertible’” and “‘inconvertible;”’ in other
words, ‘‘exchangeable for gold’”’ and ‘‘not
exchangeable for gold.”’

During the Civil War the United States is-
sued ‘‘greenbacks’’—pieces of paper which
were called ‘‘five dollars’” or ‘‘ten dollars,”’
as the case might be. There was no promise
that the Government would redeem the paper
with coin. Most of the paper money today
says on its face that itis a promisce', ‘‘pay-
able on demand’’ in gold or silver coin, as the
case may be. Gold pieces are accepted a'll
over the world, because face value is their
~ real value.

S ‘

A cheerful friend islike a sunnyday, which
sheds its brightness on all around, and most
of us can, if we choose, make of this world
either a palace or a prison. ;

" civilization.

THE LONELY FIGHT

It’s easy to be right when the multitude is
cheering; :

It is easy to have courage when you’re fighting
with the throng 7 :

But it’s altogether different when the multitude
is sneering

To fight for what you know is right with no one

else along.

It’s easy to be honest when the multitude is
gazing;

It is easy to be truthful when the crowds are
standing by;

But it’s altogether different when there is no
spotlight blazing

To stand alone for what is right and never

cheat or lie.

A NEW YEAR INVOCATION

Our father’s God! From out whose hand
The centuries fall like grains of sand,

We meet, today, united, free,
And loyal to our land and Thee,

To thank Thee for the era done
And trust Thee for the opening one.

For art and labor met in truce,

For beauty made the bride of use,
We thank Thee; but withal we crave

The austere virtues strong to save—
The honor proof to place or gold,

The manhood never bought or sold!

0, make Thou us through ceuturies long
In peace secure, in justice strong.
Around our gift of freedom draw
The safeguards of Thy righteous law
And, cast in some diviner mold,
Let the new cycle shame the old.
2 —John Greenleaf Whitter.

RELICS A THOUSAND YEARS OLD

After three months of archaeological ex-
plorations in New Mexico, recently, Prof. T. W.
Hodge announces that his expedition had un-
earthed the relics of an Indian civilization
probably 1,000 years old. These evidences
consisting largely of glass beads, pendants
and ornamental combs encrusted with tor-
quoise, were unearthed in Central New Mex-
ico, fifteen miles southwest of Zuni and about
three miles from the Arizona border.

By digging far enough into the debris on the
site of the ancient village of Hawikoh, Dr.
Hodge unearthed the burial grounds of the
ancient Zuni Indians at different levels. At
the lowest level the methods of burial indi-
cated an extremely remote period of Zuni
The bodies, in conformance
with some custom, were apparently dismem-
bered, the heads and limbs being buried in
one spot and the trunks in another. Ancther
class of burials was discovered apparently of
another period, when the remains were cre-

mated in bowls, and vessels containing water
and food were deposited with the dead.

KHAT EATING IN ARABIA

The habit of eating khat is widely and
generally practiced in Arabia, and often in
the intervals between fresh chews of khat a
piece of candy is eaten. Khat is the Arabic
name for a shrub (Catha edulis, natural order
Celasetracea), which, so far as is known,
grows in the Turkish Yemen and in the Har-
rar district of Abyssinia. The young leaves
and tender stems are chewed. Kkat has a
stimulating effect upon the nerve and brain
cells, and is supposed to cheer the melancholy
and to give strength to the weary. Itis eat-
en only when fresh and is very expensive in
Aden.

The wealthier Arabs gather at specified
hours in the afternoon and at night, in either
public or private ‘‘mabrazes,’”’ for khat
chewing and combine with it the reading of
stories or of the Koran, singing, or serious
conversation. The laborer, whenever he can
afford it, chews khat as he works.

MAKING FIRE WITH ICE

Take a smooth; clear, ¢urving piece of ice,
one not tco thick, and hold it in the rays of
the sun so that it will bring the light to a
sharp focus just as will a lens in a reading
glass. The ice will not last long enough to
burn a piece of paper, but if the focus rests
on a speck of gun cotton it will cause combus-
tion and a flame will result. Arctic explorers
have built fires often with this expedient
when matches were absent and flint and rock
not handy.

CLEANINC A BATTLESHIP

One of our big warships was brought into
dock the other day for a cleaning. Two hun-
dred men worked all day scraping off 600 tons
of animal and plant growth from its sides and
bottom. This tremendous quantity of sea life
had accumulated in less than two years, dur-
ing which time the ship had traveled many
thousand miles. The weight of barnacles
was so great that from 25 to 40 per cent more
coal was consumed in maintaining the normal
speed of the boat.

FACTS WORTH KNOWING

Bricks made of peat are being used in small
buildings in Sweden.

Without resort to computation, a new nau-
tical instrument, to be mounted overa ship’s
compass, enables the directions of objects at
sea and their distance away to be determined,

The United States is the world’s greatest
importer of hides and skins despite the fact
that it raises more cattle than any other na-
tion except India.
