---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_008.jpg
---
+

THE UMPIRE

———————— e,

(Continued from page 1.)

Gifts to the Club’s friends were paid during
the weék, with more to follow. Next week,
which will mark the beginning of the Club’s
fourth year, we hope to give a resume of all
its activities of the past year. The Honor
and Friend<hip Club contributed $10.00 to the
‘Mutual Death Benefit Association of the
Overseers to be added to the sum paid the
family of the late Mr. Fairbrother. It is
understood that this contribution is to be
continued on each occasion of death of Over-
seer.
ENTERTAINMENT

It was a very stormy day Saturday, but
the 2d Section were not worrying much; we
all have faith in Miss Russelland Mr. Kraupa,
and in their ability to overcome all obstacles.

Sure enough, the delay was but slight, and
in the interim “Pete’’ introduced to a de-
lighted audience ‘‘Peggy, B 7725, the only
“‘one-wheel locomotive’ in captivity, who
- did his “‘stunt’’ with entire success, though
threatened for the moment with ‘‘engine
trouble.”’

During the interval of waiting the Vice-
President, A 8432, mounted the stage and
announced to the audience the death of Over-
seer Mr. Fairbrother; he paid a fine tribute
to the deceased officer as being just and
honorable in all his dealings, and one anim-
ated only by the thought of helpfulness, and
voiced the sympathy of the Club for his
bereaved family. In tribute to his memory
the Band under Prof. Wiegandt’s fine leader-
ship played Chopin’s ‘‘Marche Funebre’’ while
all bared their heads.

The picture of the afternoon was ‘‘A
Daughter of the South,”” with the dainty
Miss Bessie Love in the title role. It was a
story of the ever-present conflict between
Capital and Labor; with Love—and Bessie,
smoothing out all difficulties in the end. It
was suspended in the middle to allow the ac-
tors to do their ‘‘bit’’ and keep other engage-
ments. Mr. Walter Roy, Entertainer De
Luxe, was the ‘‘Bill—topper’’ in a singing
and talking act. ‘‘There’s a Service Flag
Flying From Our House’’ was his best num-
ber, and his telephone momolog was also
very good. He closed with a medley of Irish
Songs, and Harry Lauder’s famous song ‘‘A
wee Deoch an’ Doris,’” which mystic words
~we tell the curiously inclined, mean the last
drink at 3.15 A. M. Morgan & Lang, come-
dians, followed, and were thehit of the after-
noon. There little ‘‘skit’” which might have
been entitled ‘‘The End of a Perfect Day in
a Theatrical Boarding-house’” was very good,
indeed, and reaped a large harvest of laughs.
We particularly liked the one gentlemans
singing of ‘‘Wont You Say a Prayer for the
Boys Out There’’ and there closing number
““Phen I[’ll Come Back to you’’ was vigorous-
ly encored. We thank them in the name of
all for fifteen minutes of pure fun, and ex-
tend to them the heartiest of invitations to

retarn. The Living Comedy Four, return-
ing, were welcomed with enthusiasm-—there
can be no doubt of the members’ liking for
for this merry Quartette—they were even
better than before, if such a feat were pos-
sible, and were the recipients of repeated
encores.

The closing reels of the picture being run
off, the Vice-President mounted the Throne,
and summoning the Hon. Jimmy Mulligan to
his presence, presented that estimable young
gentleman with a sealed envelope containing
a slight material token of the Clubs appreci-
ation of his truly strenuous efforts. Though
clearly taken by surprise he rallied nobly,
and speaking a few words of thanks, and
voicing his best wishes for a happy New
Year for all the Club’s members, he retreat-
ed in confusion, amid a rapid-fire of applause.

The following should have appeared in our
last weeks ‘‘Notes’’ but lack of space pre-
vented. Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, President
of the Club, when he had finished playing
“‘Santa Claus’’ tried to hide himself in the
audience, but was discovered, haled to the
stage, and ‘‘Pete,”’ in what was perhaps the
best speech of his career, presented him
with a Loving Cup, filled to the very brim
with love, and best wishes of every member
of the Honor and Friendship Club. The
Honorable ‘““Rube’” was a bit overcome, but
rallying bravely, spoke of the great pleasure
our gitt had given him; of the fine supporthe
had received from virtually every member
since the first inception of the Club, and he
hoped that our conduct would continue to be
as unifcrmly good in the future, as in the

past, that the Club might advance to newer

triumphs, and become a still greater power
for good. And he assured us, inclosing, that
Mrs. Micawber like, he will never desert us.

Vice-Presieent, A 8432, then presented
the President, acting as proxy for the absent
recipients, Loving Cups to the Warden, our
consistent friend, whose belief in us has
never wavered, and has steered us success-
fully past more rocks than the most of us
wot of; to the Board of Inspectors, who have
worked with us, rather than against us, and
have given us much; to the ‘'Little Mother of
the Club,’’ Mrs. Jane Gates, whose deeds of
kindness are known to but few, though ex-
perienced by many. Itwasa warm afternoon
for ‘‘Pete,’”” and only Miss Russell’s prompt-
ing from the ‘‘wings’> kept him from a
nervous breakdown.

Next Saturday, Janurary 5th, 1918, the
First Section will be out as follows—10B, 1B,
11 B, 8 B, 9B, 6B, 6 G, 12—1G, 12 B, 12—2G.

—B 8266, Secretary.

e R R T A P T
THOMAS A. FAIRBROTHER

Thomas A. Fairbrother, an officer at this
institution for the past twenty-seven years
and who resided at 2417 W. Allegheny ave-
nue, this city, died at his residence on Friday

‘FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes,

nurchaser to onerate.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer.  Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

hair-brushes

and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to

$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates :
B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
HANDSOME pin cusions of different de .z us.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
FOR SALE 12 string mandolin and case in
good order. $6.00. B 3142, 5th Gallery.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SAT.E—Children’s toys. Various kinds
on hand, and made to order. B 3847, 7th B.
FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

FOR SALE—Hand-made lace Clover leaf
pattern 50¢ a yard and up.. At Storehouse
and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block.
PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 8079,
1st Block. i
TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block. -
WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscienticus
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work hoxes and jewel hoxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8202, 6th B.
FOR SAT E—$12.00’s worth of steam engi-
neer hand hooks in o0od condition. Will sell
cheap. B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Necktie km’rm@' machine, all
ecomnlete with accessories.  Will mqfru(:t
R 6727. 12th Block.

R 2361, 11th Block, offers to furnich mater-
ial to make bead purces, to oood workers,
as aoreed, and divide the nroflts. Apphcants
cmnd numher to 11th Block.

also

===

morning last. He was a member of Robert
Morris Council, No. 40, O. I. A., and a mem-
ber of St. James P. E. Church. His funeral
will take place at the above named church
on Wednesday at 2.45 P. M. He leaves a
widow and a number of friends to mourn
his loss. :

The men of the 11th Block, who have but
kind memories of the -late Mr. Fairbrother,
opened wide their purse strings, and pur-
chashed a large floral piece to be sent his
family.

Overseer George Pierce entered upon his
thirty- third year as officer at this institution
yvesterday. Congratulations and wishes for a
Happy New Year are now in order.
