---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_009.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, January 9, 1918

NO. 2

OUTLINES OF ALLIES
PEACE TERMS

It is asserted by reliable authority that the
Allies peace terms will be about as follows:

Restoration by Germany of Belgium, Ser-
bia, Montenegro and the occupied portions of
France, Italy and Rumania, and reparation
for injury done in deflance of international
law.

Readjustment of territory in Europe, Asia
and Africa on principles of recognition of
nationalities with consent of the governed as
the foundation. :

Indpendence of Foland.

Reconsideration of injury dene France by
Germany in 1870 in seizing of Alsace Lor-
raine.

Fate of German colonies to be decided at
peace conference with due regard to voice of
inhabitants. )

Turning aside of German military scheme
of dominancy.

Granting of vital claims of Italians and
Rumanians to union of their own races and
blood. 5

Internationalization of Dardaneiles.

' Recognitioh of separate national conditions
of Arabia, Armenia, Mesopotamia, Syria and
Palestine.

Re-establishment of sanctity of treaties.

Limitation of armaments by creation of
international organization.

MAKES LAWYERS SQUIRM

A Washington correspondent writes that
a patition signed by Walter Smith, of Phila-
delphia, and other members of the American
Bar Association, calling attention to what
they term the unfairness of the suppertax on
professional incomes providetl in the war-
_ revenue bill and asking for the repeal of that
section, was presented to the Senate by Sen-
ator Smoot and referred to the Finance Corm-
mittee.

Strange how the old notion sticks with the
legal fraternity that they are a privileged
class, or a little above the law for the layman.

CAN'T HOLD OUT MUCH LONGER

Many people think we are having a pretty
serious time over the food and coal situation
is this country at the present time, but ac-
_cording to the Baltimore American, only one
egg i3 allowed an individual in Berlin every
three weeks. Coal is sold by the scoopfuls,
and, with the winter weather, official efficiency
will be greatly taxed to keep up enthusiasm
in the war for a much longer period. :

$100,000 GIFT TO K. OF C.
BY ROCKEFELLER FOUNDATION

One of the firstofficial acts of the Rocke-
feller Foundation for 1918 was the appropri-
ation of $100,000 to the Knights of Columbus
war fund. This gift is said to have been
prompted by the excellent showing made by
the members of the organization in their
work for the social and religious welfare of
the U. 8. soldiers. S

As stated by a leading member of that or-
ganization recently, their work is for all
soldiers and sailors, irrespective of creed,
and that the society under whose auspices it
is being conducted is adhering rigidly to the
policy adopted by them from the very begin-
ing of doing this work in so. broad a way
that every man in uniform may profit by it.

U. S. LABOR DRAFT LIKELY

Adequate labor supply maintained without
class exemption for workers in the vital in-
dustries or on farms is looked for by Major--
General Enoch H. Crowder, in advocating
that congress'amend the section draft act to
provide for the registration of men who have
attained twenty-one years of age since June
5th. ‘ i '
It is looked to as quite probable that draft
of labor will be made, «nd-that the Govern-
ment will have full power of control in such
a step. F '

General Crowder, in his annual report sent
to Congress, takes the position that it is nec-
essary to retain workers in ship-building op-
erations, in munition factories and on farms,
but he believes that the deferred classifica-
tion will care for them unless the nation is
reduced to the ultimate extremities of need-
ing such men in the field. '

BOARD OF INSPECTORS

At a Regular Meeting of the Board of In-
spactors on Mcnday, January Tth, 1918, the
following Resolution was unanimously adopt-
ed:=—

«“RESOLVED: that the Board acknowl-
edge the receipt frecm tre Heror and Friend-
ship Club of the beautiful loving cup pre-
sented to them and extend their hearty

thanks for the same and sppreciaticn ¢f the

kindly feeling which it represents.”

NOTICE

A collection will be taken for the relief of
the families of the colored ‘soldiers executed
in Houston, Tex., and -those who are im-

~ prisoned; B 6567, 4—B, .will call. —WARDEN..

CRIME DOES NOT PAY

There was released from the Federal prison
at Atlanta, Ga., on Thursday last, Sam Tate,
who at one time was reputed to be the clever-
est counterfeiter in the world. Crafty and
skillful to an unusual degree, he vied with
the Government officials in the game of wits,
and for a time he won. But like all such
cases, there came the inevitable end when
the heavy hand of the law reached out and
seized the transgressor. There followed the
usual process:of trial, conviction and a heavy
sentence, so that Tate on coming cut into the
world again is without money, friends, or a
home to shelter him in his declining years.

Atone time Tate possessed considerable
wealth and had many friends, as the world
goes; but it was not long after he got into
trouble, when both money and friends melt-
ed away like the fog before the sun’s strong
rays, and he was left to face his predicament
as best he could. :

Tate now says that ‘‘crime :does not pay;
never will, Money may come easy for a
while, but it goes quickly, and there is little
enjoyment to be had from illgotten gain.”’

Continuing his remarks he went on to say
that at one time he had a large sum of
money, yet to-day he is without a cent. To

uote his own words, ‘‘there is no success in = -
b

crime. I have seen hundreds, yes, thcusands
of the worst or best, if you want to lock at
it that way, and the only successful thieves
I have ever met were those who saw the .
folly of their ways before it was to late and-
turned to doing the right thing.

« ““My life is ruined. I have almostlived it

out, but I would like to stay until I'm 125
just to live down my past and realize a little
of all I’ve lost. And, boy tell them this:

An honest dollar may be a man’s best frlend,

but a dishonest dollar is his worst enemy, and

it applies to business men as much zs it
does to the professional thief.”

A NEW YEARS REMEMBRANCE

The following expression of good will - fogl ;
the inmates of this institution was recently -
received in a letter to the editor of the UM-
PIRE with request for.its publication, a request
we are most pleased to grant.

Sunday; December 30, 1917,
With the U. S. Forces.

. To the Inmates.of the E. S. P.: :

Accept my best wishes for a very Happ
New Year.
JoHN K. CONOLLY,
Yoeman 1st Class,
=S e Nayy:
