---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_010.jpg
---
(W)

THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 9, 1918.

“Loyalty to your friends is the quality
which makes love possible and wmankind

happy.’’

THE LITTLE THINGS THAT WIN

We are taught that the fountain of Cour-
age is within the soul, and that the activities
of brain and body are the channels by which
Courage pushes forth to victory. Our ex-
periences would tend to confirm this as true,
and further, that great success is made pos-
sible by doing the little things well.

If we continue to do the small things with
care and patience, after a while our actions
become almost automatic, so that one has to
break into the orderly routine to effect a
check or interruption in the manner of doing
things. That is one reason why, when a
man is in the habit of doing his work or con-
ducting his business affairs honestly, it is
easy for him to continue in that way of do-
ing, and it requires a deliberate interference
in his accustomed habit to do otherwise. And
the same may be said of all our endeavors,
in whatever way we may choose to go, be it
either right or wrong, the little things we
continue to think and to do soon become a
power for good, or for evil, and for that rea-
son it is our duty to see that whatsoever we
do or say is for our success in life.

Success is a matter of individual effort in
every line open to human activity. It is up
to you to see that your name is listed among
the successful, and the respected. It all de-
pends upon yourself and no one else. ‘

It is a great mistake to think that anyone
can do anything for your permanent good,
unless you nave it in your heart and mind to
go the right way and live a respectable life,
Co-operation is imperative if we look to
others for a lift, and the greatest endeavor
must rightly come from the one that is to be
benefitted, otherwise you are chasing a rain-
bow that will end in confusion and dismay.

The proper thing to do is to begin with the
little things, and begin them right. Never
mind the big things, for they will follow as a
natural sequence, and you will awaken some
morning with success staring you in the face.
Then the big things will come,

So get busy. Wait not for the big things,
but just make the big things grow out of the
lot of little things that come trooping along.

Good Cheer and Courage are indispensable
in our march onward, and if they bear us
company as we think and work, there is no
chance for failure; quite the contrary, for
they inspire to bring out the best that is in
us—the qualities that win.

SHOULD BE HUMAN

At a dinner given by the Broome County
Bar association recently, Justice James C.

~ Cropey, of the Supreme Court of Brooklyn,

N. Y., addressed the diners and among other
things he said:

‘‘Because a lawyer becomes a judge he
should not cease to be human—in fact, there
is reason for him to be even more human, as
there is greater necessity for him to be
broad minded and keep abreast of the times.”’

The speaker depreciated the attitude which
he said, ‘‘some of the judges of his acquaint-
ance manifested toward others while on the
bench, which indicates their desire to keep to
themselves and to avoid associating with
members of the bar, and others.

‘“This is not so much a loss to the bar as it
is to the justices,’’ said the speaker. He de-
nounced this attitude of aloofness as ‘‘un-
democratic.”’

‘‘“The exclusiveness or segregation attempt-
ed by some of the bench tend to weaken and
undermine the public’s confidence and esteem
in our judiciary and makes our judges less
serviceable—less in touch with modernideas.’’

Coming from one of the foremost members
of the New York state judiciary, it is to be
hoped that the admonition will take root and
develop where the soil is still fertile.

FROM A PRISON CELL TO RICHES

A western correspondent writes of a for-
mer prisoner whose good fortune has given
him a place among the high and the mighty,
owing to his determination to do right and
his faith in himself. As the story goes, the
former prisoner passed from a prison cell to
the exalted position of ‘‘potash king of
America,’’ and tl.e possessor of a fortune es-
timated as close to $2,000,00C, in the roman-
tic life of Frank L. Hulen, owner of thou-
sands of acres of highly productive potash
swamps in Nebraska.

Hulen was in Denver recently and met his
former jailer, Tom Tynan, warden of the
state penal institution. Hulen has never for-
gotten the warden’s friendship, displayed
when a parole was secured through Tynan’s
efforts, and at a dinner given Tynan here,
the m:n who once laid stones in prison garb,
recounted his experiences. Hulen left Okla-
homa in 1910, treking up through Colorado
and then on into Wyoming. While prospect-
ing for oil in the latter state he was arrested
on a serious charge and brought to Colorado.

Later on Hulen was sentenced from Jeffer-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.
General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

son county, Colorado, to two years in the
penitentiary. His faithfulness to duty and
the thoroughness with which he performed
the arduous tasks around the ‘‘stone pile’”’
‘attracted Warden Tynan, who assigned him
to clerical work in the prison office. Later
Tynan secured his parole.

While waiting for trial in the county jail
at Golden, Hulen had become infatuated
with the sheriff’s daughter there, who fre-
quently alleviated the pining of those in the
custody of her father furnishing sweets and
performing small kindnesses for the unfor-
tunate inmates.

Following his release from the Canon City
institution, Hulen went to Golden. Wetile
attending lectures at the Colorado School of
Mines, he was deeply impressed with the
declaration of a professor in chemistry, who,
in describing a sample of water sent from a
lake in Nebraska for analysis, said that the
sample showed traces of potash that indicated
the possibility of immense wealth if the
territory that produced it were developed.

Hulen quickly won the hand of Miss Dennis,
the sherriff’s daughter, and the couple start-
ed for Nebraska. He built a hut on the edge
of a swamp, and for six months the newly-
weds underwent many privations. To the
bride it was a scene of desolation, but Hulen
saw visions of untold wealth.

He acquired as much of the territory as
possible, of the swamp land, and evolved his
plans for the manufacture of potash. When
the British shipping blockade cut off the sup-
ply of German potash, Hulen was prepared
to furnish Uncle Sam with sufficient potash
to offset the loss of the Teuton supply. He
had the potash, but was handicapped by a
limited capital fcr putting it into marketable
condition.

Followed many legal entanglements with
Nebraska bankers, and many months of liti-
gation, but Hulen won his fight with the
capitalists and now controls approximately
eighty-five per cent. of the potash output of
the United States. He hasanimmense plantat
Antioch, Neb., and is rapidly accumulating a
fortune that may rival the wealth of a Car-
negie or Rockefeller. : '

Switzerland spcnds more on relief of poor
than does any other country.,

e N I T P e T

i
i
]
:
i

