---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_011.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

%

ABOUT BUTTONS

Back of a question raised by a Bostonian
lurks a tense scene with anIndian background.
Lurk with this to the end, and then don’t
accuse us of not presenting novelty:

Herbert Maxwell asked: ‘‘Is it possible to
trace to its source the invariable rule under
which the clothes of men button from left to
right, and the clethes of women from right
to left?’’

John D. Dobson, of Woonsocket, R. I.
writes: ‘‘Simply because it came easier for
the ‘ladies’ maid’ to perform the office of
buttoning.’”’” Have you ever noticed how
awkward it is for your tailor when he buttons
your coat?

Why are there two buttons on the back of
a man’s coat? Some think they are a sur-
vivial of buttons used on eighteenth century
riding coats. When the wearer was on his
horse the coat-tails were buttoned up.

A tribe of North American Indians, deep
believers in the value of symbolism, refused
to heed a missionary because he could not ex-
plain to them the significance of these two
buttons.

INSECTS SPREAD DISEASE

Dr. L. O. Howard, chief of the federal bu-
reau of entomology, declared recently that
no fewer than 226 diseases are spread directly
or indirectly through the agency of insects,
and that 282 species of insects are guilty of
some form of the deadly work.

This bears out the scientific contention that
insects are the only dangerous rivals of man
for mastery of the earth, says an exchange.
The present has been called the age of man
and insects; and the battle for supremacy
has not yet been fought to a finish. Man is
increasing from century to century, but the
insects are, too.

A FOLDING SEAPLANE

In storing or sheltering the usual airplane
there is a tremendous amount of space wasted.
This is due to the fact that the airplane is
shaped like a T. with the wings representing
the cross stroke, and the fuselage the stem.
Efficiently handled, the airplane should take
up but little more room than the stem or
fuselage space. At least, so has the storage
and shelter problems struck the British
authorities; end they have developedairplanes
which are provided with folding wings. We
note a type of folding wing seaplane which
is being used at a naval school along the
English coast. The planes which are hinged
to the forward part of the fuselage, can be
swung back until they are alongsidg the
fuselage. The elevating planes, it will be
noted, fit in between the planes and struts.
All in all, the folded seaplane can be accom-
modated well within a space of ten feet by
thirty feet, instead of the usual space of
forty or more feet by thirty feet.

THE EASY WAY

The get-rich-quick man ordered wine
And bade his chauffeur wait a while,
And then sat gayly down to dine
On richest foods in splendid style.
And men there were who envied him
And wondered at his fortune rare;
Tkey found the going hard and grim,
Beset with sorrow and despair.
The get-rich-quick man didn’t work;
His schemes brought money rolling in.
He used to chortle, with a smirk,
It was an easy thing to win.
But men there were who plodded on
And honestly essayed to climb
The heights of fame, and every one
Was busy struggling all the time.

The get-rich-quick man had the best
Of everything to drink and eat.
He merely had to dodge arrest;
But that was something of a feat.
And one fine day detectives came
And threw him in a prison cell.
They ‘‘busted’’ up his little game,
And then you should have heard him yell!

THE APPROACHING COMET

So many other things are coming along to
take the attention of humanity that there is
a possibility of overlooking the comet of gi-
gantic size that is now, according to astron-
omers, approaching this solar system at a
speed of 1,134,246 miles a day.

Halley’s comet, which appeared in 1911, and
disappointed people principally by reason of
the flimsiness of its texture, was large
enough to be seen through the great tele-
scopes eight months before perihelion, or its
closest approach to the sun; but the visitor
now on the way was seen fourteen months
before being due to attain the corresponding
position, its discovery having been made in
April, 1916.

The comet will, it is announced, be at its
best and brightest in June, and it will be
welcome if it shall fulfil in magnificence even
a part of all that is promised in the advance

notices.

A NOTABLE COLLECTION OF SWORDS

The United States National Museum at
Washington has recently received and put on
exhibition a notable collection of swords, un-
iforms and miscellaneous relics of Major-
Gen. George B. McClellan. These memen-
tos were a gift to the museum from George
B. McClellan, of Princeton University.

The nine swords are perhaps the most in-
teresting feature of the collection, says an
exchange. The most striking of these is a
gold-mounted sword set with pearls, present-
ed to McClellan by a number of citizens of
Boston in 1863, in recognition of his services
during the civil war. The scabbard is in-
seribed: ‘“To Major-Gen. George B. MecClel-

lan from many citizens of Boston, Feb. 5,
1863. Pro rege. saepe, pro patria semper.’’

Two swords in the collection were carried
by McClellan in the civil war, a dress sword
and a service saber.

The other swords commemorate his Mexican
war service, one dress sword having been
presented to him ‘‘by a number of gentlemen
as a testimonial of their high admiration for
his gallantry during the war with Mexico.
First at the siege of Vera Cruz; second,
the battle of Cerro Gordo; third, battle of
Contreras; fourth, battle of Churubusco; fifth,
Chapultepec; sixth, capture of City of Mex-
ico.”’

Another of the swords carried in the Mex-
ican war is a service saber with a small piece
of the hilt broken away. The donor of the
collection writes: ‘A piece of the hilt of this
sword was carried away by ‘a bullet which
slightly wounded Gen. McClellan in the hand.”’

THE SOLDIER’S CANE

It is one of the regulations of the British
army that every soldier when walking out
must carry in his hand a stick in «:der to
preserve a soldierly apjearance and prevent
anything like slouching in his gait.

This rule applies to all ranks, and should
any one seek to evade it he would find his
progress barred by the sentry at the barrack
gate or entrance to camp.

Privates generally carry light canes or
‘‘swagger sticks,’” noncommissioned officers
fairly stout sticks and officers invariably go
in for the more expensive kind.

It is a question that has often been asked,
Who first suggested the idea? But nobody
seems to know, says the ‘“Dundee Advertis-
er.”” From the earliest times drill sergeants
and drum majors have carried sticks, and the
fashion may come from that fact.

A FEAT OF ENGINEERING SKILL,

One of the strangest and most difficult en-
gineering tasks that have been attempted in
a long time will be the removal of a granite
pyramid erected forty years ago at the top
of Sherman pass in the Rocky Mountains.
This pyramid is to be moved five miles and
set in place again. It is sixty feet high and
sixty feet square at the base. The pyramid
is unique among monuments. It stands on
one of the most lofty eminences ever chosen
for such a purpose, some 8,00;0 feet above sea
level, and commemerates the names of Oliver
and Oakes Ames, the men whose constructive
genius made it possible to build the first rail-
road across the Rocky Mountains,

This day is before me. The circumstances,
of this day are my environment; they are the
material out of which, by meansof my brains
I have to live, and be hapypy, and refrain frem
causing unhappiness in other people.
