---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_012.jpg
---
[

THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

Last week’s meeting of the Board of Dele-
gates was held on Friday, December 4, that
date marking the third Anniversary of the
Club. We might write at length of the
Club’s activities during the past year, but
nothing we might say would speak more
eloquently than the following summary of
the Club’s expenditures for the year of 1917.
Our works shall speak for us.

Loans to 60 inmates; paroled or otherwise

discharged $234.73
Gifts to inmates, or 1nmates families; Xmas
Gifts; ete. 96.11
Gifts to Y. M. C. A. 75.00

Gifts to Red Cross 75.00

Gifts to Boy Scouts 50. 00
Liberty Bonds purchased 250,00
Burial of deceased inmates 120.00
Supplies purchased for Club uses 201.98

Miscellaneous purchases 161.80
Commissions to waste-paper collector 40.61
Periodicals purchased for C. C. L. 93.11
Kiddies’ Xmas Fund (approximately) 300.00
Total 1698. 34

The first business of the meeting - was the
election of a Treasurer to succeed B 7983 de-
parted fromour midst. Three candidates’hats
were in the ring; namely, ‘B 8802, 2740 and
5290. B 8802, receiving a majority of the votes
cast, was declared elected to that honorable
and (perhaps) lucrative position. There was
absolutely no disorder at. the polls, and re-
p2aters were conspicuously absent.

A report of the Finance Commitee showed
$48.76 expended to date for Xmas Gifts; $0.35
to the President for ribbon; $1.00 Loan to
B 7627 at Gate. Application for member-
ship was made by the following and accepted:
B 7467, 5331, 8933, 8934, the latter donating
$0.50 to the Club’s Treasury, ;

The Warden having accepted an invitation
to be present, and assist in launching the
Club upon a fourth years voyage, was asked
to address the Delegates. - We' regret that
an injured ‘‘wing’’ made it impossible for us
to take notes of his remarks, so that we
must trust entirely to memory; but we feel
sure that we will remember some of the
things he said much lunger than we’d like to.

There were moments during his discourse
when we felt immensely proud of ourselves,
and inclined to point a scorning finger at
some others we wot of; and the next mo-
ment a barbed arrow wouldbe rankling in our
own bosom, and we would be feeling so.small
that we could have left the Ilall at almost
any knot-hole: and would have welccmed an
eartnquake as a dear old friend. He spoke
of the charities of the Club, ana the much
good it had accomplished, and assured us that
though our reward might not be apparent to
our eyes, it was none the less sure: and he
emnphatically told us that long years of ob-
servation had shown him the folly of the

cess.

man who made his living by trading upon the
weakness of his neighbors. He might suc-
ceed in deceiving all men; even himself for
a season but some day he would get ‘‘his,”’
and get it good. The only safe rule of Life;
as the only honorable one, is ‘‘play fair.”’

It was an exposition of the ‘‘Square Deal’’
which would have ‘‘Dee-lighted’’ Teddy; and
the Delegates showed their appreciation by
their close attention, and the ovation tend-
ered him at the close; when he assured us
that we could best thank him by our actions,
now, and in the future: by being good, and
““making good’’

ENTERTAINMENT

The Entertainment on Saturday, Jan. 5th
the first of the new year, was a brilliant sue-
Professor Weigandt, and his Ever-
ready Band were in fine fettle (whatever
that means) and enlivened the brief interval
of waiting for Mr. Kraupa, with some excel-
lent music. The Hall, decorated in honor of
the Anniversary, resembled a Bazaar of All
Nations with its variety of Flags and Ban-
ners. ‘‘Jimmy’’ the Old Master, officiating at
the piano, made a perfect score, being part-
icularly effective in the ‘‘pinches.’’ Miss
Russell, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Kraupa, and
““Pete’” added to the gayty of the oceasion
by making speeches of varying lengths, and
successes, cne of which was perhaps the
cause of Jimmie Double O-O going to sleep,
and being removed from the Hall in dis-
grace.

The picture of the afternoon was of the
wild and woolly West, being the ‘‘Gun Fight-
er’” with Wm. S. Hart in the title role. The
audience liked it well, and the career of tne
“Killer’”” was followed with breathless inter-
est. The scenic and cloud effects were alone
worth the price of admissicn.

The first act cn the program was Mr.
Walter Lawser, inareturn engagement. He
was seemingly in even better voice than be-
fore, and sang “There s a Long, Long Trail,
Mother Machree,’” and other pcpular Ballads
to the satisfaction of all. Mr. Harry Howell
who did a monolog in costume, made a very
pleasant impression, particularly his song-
recitative ‘‘Somewhere in France.’” The
Lyric Comedy Four returned to a still great-
er triumph: ‘‘Age cannotwither, nor custom
stale their infnite variety.’”” Their joking
and singing were so much to the audience’s
liking that it needed Miss Russell and Mr.
Kraupa both to rescue them, and everyone
was exceedingly loath to see them go. Miss
Russell then announced that Mr. Steve
O’Rourke, lately of Ziegfields Follies, had
consented to sing for us; she assured us that
Mr. O’'Rourke was very particnlar in his
choice of audiences, and leaving us thus
pleasantly flattered. yielded the stage to the
gentlemen in question; who then. for fifteen
minutes held us spell-bound with the magic of
his voice. ‘‘The Little Grey Home in the
West,”” “‘I Hear You Calling Me;’’ aud, in re-
sponse to a “determined encore, ‘‘Tommy-

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office

when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use

of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes,
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs;
necklaces for ladles Prlces reas. B 5575, 6 B.

Prices reason-

able. B 6,23, 7th Block. .
TYPEWRITING— Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed.

POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes
B 8156,6 Block.

estimates cheerfully given.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

also

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in

flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.

B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.
FOR SALE—Hand-made lace.
pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse
and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block.
PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices.
1st Block. ;
TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Pin cﬁ'shiohé, children’s furni-

All

ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes.
kinds of novelties for sale.
FOR SALE—$13.00’s worth of steam engi-
neer hand books in good condition.
cheap. B 6450, 1st Block. . =
FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all
comvlete with accessories. Will instruct

purchaser to operate. 77771376727 12th B]ock
FOUND—Gold fountain pen; between 3rd
and 4th blocks. Owner can have same by iden-

tifying property. Apply to B 6465, 3rd Blk.

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses,
as aoreed, and divide 'rhe proflts.
qend number to llth Block

Applic-anfs

Lad” were hlc QG]P(‘T]ODQ each hevng qp‘en-
didly adapted to his rich tenor voice. We
are Mr O’Rourkes debtors for a very pleas-
ant memory, and hope that he will keep his
promise to return at some future time, and
give us the pleasure of hearing him again.
In token of our appreciation, Vice-President,
A 8432, pinned the Club Button upon his

lapel, making him an Honorary Member of .

the Club. Mr. O’Rourke returned a few

graceful words of thanks, and expressed his

pleasure in serving us. '
Next Saturday, January 12, (perhaps)
the Second Section will be out as follows:
4B,1B,4G, 7B, 7G,5G, 5B and 3 B.
B 8266, Secretary.

Jimmie O O wishes to thank his manyfrlends‘

who contributed to his Christmas present.
Beside the many gifts of play toys he re-
ceived from the women, he is the proud pos-
sessor of a heavy coat, chair With a table

hair-brushes -
)

also fancy bead

B 7695, 6th Gallery..

Clover leaf.

Satisfacticn guaranteed. B 3079,

B 8203, 6th B.- -

- Will sell

to good workers,
