---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_013.jpg
---
- THE UMPIRE

VOL.. V

Philadelphia, January 16, 1918

NO. 3

TO ESTABLISH NAUTICAL
SCHOOL; NATIONAL SCOPE

Late news reports from New York an-
nounce that a plan has been submitted to the
U. S. Shipping Board to establish a nautical
school of extensive scope in that state. Itis
understood that the scheme was received
with every indication of approval by a ma-
jority of the Commission.

As contemplated this will take in the N. Y.
state school-ship, Newport, and instead of
graduating a small number each year, as at
present, the new school will be able to turn
out from eight hundred to a thousand men
qualified to serve as navigators.

The idea, in brief, is to found what will
amount to a merchant marine Annapolis.
The need of qualified seamen is, of course,
apparent in the present emergency, and even
when peace has come there is the feeling
that our oversea commerce will be conducted
more largely under the American flag then at
any time since the Civil War. As a conse-
quence, any institution devoted to that thor-
ough training of seaman which the state
schoolship gives, is regarded by those inter-
ested in this institution as a matter of na-
tional significarce.

At the present time the men on the New-
port, have, as a result of co-operative ar-
rangements with Columbia University, the
use of the Columbia po»l, gymnasium, and
classrooms, while courses in navigation are
in turn offered to the Columbia students,
This ought to be an inducement to young
men with love for adventure who are attrac-
ted to sealife.

The success of this merger inspired the mer-
chant marine authorities to devise methods
by which further expansion could be brought
about. At the present time the appropriation
is only sufficient to maintain an output of a
hundred able seamen and navigators.

~ ALIENS ORDERED TO REGISTER

From local reports we gather the informa-
tion that the registration of all German alien
enemies in the United States will begin Feb-
ruary 4 at 6 o’clock in the morning and con-
tinue up to and including February 9 at 8
o’clock in the evening. Orders to this effect,
signed by United States Attorney General

Gregory, were received by United States
Marshal Noon, who notified Postmaster
Thornton.

The order requires all male Germans of
the age of fourteen years or over to report
to the nearest place of registration, which
is the district police station in the case of
cities of 5000 inhabitancs or over and the

local postoffices in the case of cities or towns
of fewer than 5000 inhabitants.

Registration stations are t» be open from 6
A. M. until 8 . M., and the burden of having
themselves properly registered is upon each
individual subject to the order. The penalty
for failure to comply with the order makes
the recalcitrant liable to internment.

A copy of Attorney General Gregory’s
order has been sent to Mayor Smith, who
will issue instructions to the head of the city
police department. The work is to be carried
on under the supervision of the United
States Marshal’s office.

TO TEACH TRADES
TO DRAFTED MEN

A Washington correspondent writes that
representatives of about 100 engineering and
scientific schools and colleges recently dis-
cussed with the Federal Board for Vocational
Education the problem of training a quarter
of million drafted men in special lines of work
before they are sent to the military camps.

The plaun is to train the men in technical
schools in a semi-military atmosphere, and
the board recommended that schools selected
be closed May 1 and turned over to the Army
until next October. Among trades in which
the men will receive instruction are gas
engine work, magneto repairing, acetylene
welding, truck driving, sheet-metal work and
automobile repairing, and the board will re-
commend that they be allowed regular pay
and subsistence during the instruetion period.
[t is estimated that 10,000,000 will be needed
to cover the actual expenses of the work, in-
cluding the necessary equirment. In that
connection it was announced today that an
offer of the international Acetylene Gas
Acsociation to furnish equipment for training
acetylene welders and to pay instructors
where volunteers are not available has been
accepted.

SEAPLANE AS U-BOAT DESTROYER

The importance of aviation work of the
navy in the war was fully portrayed to the
House Naval Committee on Monday by Cap-
tain Noble E. Irwin, officer in charge of the
naval staticn; Rear Admiral Taylor, chief of
the bureau of construction and repair, and
Commanders Alkins and Stone.

It is understocd that the cfficers told cf co-
operation between the army and navy avia-
tion services and between both of them and
the Allies. They explained that the B.itish
authorities and Vice-Admire! Sims had laid
great stress upon the value of seaplanes for
destruction of German U-boats.

«“SMILEAGE” LATEST WORD
IN WAR PHRASEOLOGY

The very latest word to be coined, owing
to war conditions, is ‘‘smileage.’”” And for
which there is good reason. Early in the
mobilization scheme of the U. S. Army it
was realized by the authorities at Washing-
ton that entertainment of a high character
would have to be supplied the men in camp.

The rigorous routine of training, the sud-
den change from home life to cantonment
made it necessary to give the men in train-
ing relaxation from camp duties.

As worked out, a plan of supplying enter-
tainment has been perfected by the Military
Entertainment Council, appointed by the
Secretary of War, which is now offering to
the public what is called ‘“‘Smileage Books. "’
These books, like mileage books, contain
coupons. The coupons are good for the ad-
mission of any soldier or friends accompany-
ing him to the ‘‘shows’’ that are to be put
on in the sixteen Army cantonments and
National Guard camps.

The books, countersigned by the Secretary
of War, will sell at $1 and $5, the dollar kind
containing twenty 5 cent coupons, and the
$5 variety containing 100 coupons. Relatives
and friends of the soldiers and the public
generally will buy the ‘‘Smileage Books’’
and send them either to the soldiers by name
or to the camps for general distribution, and
the soldiers will tear out the coupons and see
the shows ‘‘for nothing.”’

The Government has already built sixteen
theatres in which the shows wiil be pre-
sented. Performences will also be given in
the Liberty auditoriums and in the Liberty
tents, originally under the direction of the
Chautauquas, all now under the management
of the Military Entertainment Council. The
programs will consist of some of the latest.
Eroadway successes, played by “No. 1”7
companies, as well as the best offerings frcm
the Chautauqua field. At times the soldiers
will be given opportunity to put on shows
themselves, many professional actors and
performers in different lines being among
the men. '

During the week of January 28 an inten-
sive compaign will be carried on throughout
the country for the sale of the ‘‘Smileage
Books,’” which, however, will probably be
offered for sale before that date. They will
be in charge of local committees and will be
on sale in department stores, drug stores and
in other places generally frequented by the
public.

One example is worth 1000 arguments.
