---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_014.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE.

THE UMPIRE

#—_——#

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. 3

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 16, 1918.
:ﬁ——.———_—.—__—————————__—_’
““Good thoughts, honest endeavors, and a
grateful conscience are worth more than gold
to bring about happiness.’’
W

DRIVE OUT WORRY

Many of us are too much given to the
habit of magnifying the small mistakes and
troublesome events that take place in our
daily life, and making them assume propor-
tions that are entirely out of proportion to
the true state of affairs. The result is a
considerable loss of energy that induces
fatigue and depression to both body and
mind.

It is a serious mistake to hold onto the errors
and troubles of the past, for there is no ben-
efit derived by so doing; but on the contrary
much harm is done. Today’s troubles will
be much easier to control if your mind is
freed of past clouds, so that you can direct
your thoughts on the task at hand.

It would be considered a very foolish thing
to dose the body with poisons, even in very
small quantities; but as a fact we feed the
nerves and muscles poison every time we
continue to worry over little troubles by
turning them over and over in the mind until
they become an obcession.

In all walks of life today the demand upon
our strength is continuous and trying; so
don’t upset your peace of mind and waste
your energy oun unnecessary and injurious
fretting over events that are past or un-
avoidable. Turn your mind to some task you
wish to accomplish, and refuse to be upset
or misdirected by trifles. Then when it
comes to facing a really serious problem of any
kind, the mind will be free to cope with the
situation, and all your -energies will be in
condition to respend to the demand, whatso-
ever it may be.

LOSS OF A GOOD SAMARITAN

Late news reports contained the announce-
ment that thousands of perscns attended the
funeral of Dr. Paul Kaplan, on the lower East
~ Side, New York city, where he was known
and loved by nearly everyone, for his great
charity to those in distress and need.

At the time of his death, Dr. Kaplan was

seventy years old, and reputed far and wide
as the ‘‘good samaritan doctor of the East
Side.’’ His sickness was due to a heavy
cold contracted while administering to the
needs of a family who were in distress, hav-
ing been without food and heat during the
recent cold weather.

Dr. Kaplan was born in Russia of poor
parents, and when a boy he came to the
United States to seek a home, which he fi-
nally did in Oregon. While there he founded
the first Jewish communistic colony in the
west, known as the ‘“New Odessa.”’

Later he returned to Europe and took up
the study of medicine in Germany where he
graduated with honor.

Practically all of Dr. Kaplan’s latter life
was devoted to charitable work in helping
the poor and distressed, a work that he loved,
and he was never known to refuse assistance
to those in need who came within his sphere.
Always open to appeal, he was ever ready to
get up at any hour of the night, if need be,
to carry relief to some suffering unfortunate.

What a splendid conception of alife’s duty.
His name should not only be engraved on a
tablet of gold, but his memory should live in
the hearts of his fellow men as one who lived
the commandment to ‘love one another.’’

WHY THE DIFFERENCE?

Writing from an army camp ‘‘somewhere
in England,’’ Sergeant Howard Neil, formerly
of Abington, comments on the prices of dif-
ferent articles in England in comparison with
the prices charged in this country for the
same thing, despite the fact that England
has been at war for over three years and a
half: He says: ‘I can’t understand. it.
Everything here is cheap; many thingsare at
one-fifth the price we had to pay for the same
things at home. The scarcest articles are
sugar and wheat bread. One scracely ever
sees an automobile, due to the prohibitive
price of gasoline; and if a motorist drives
farther than a certain distance he issubject-
ed to a fine, just as for any other motor law
violation. e

““There is no toadying here to politicians
or to the wealthy class. They all have to
buckle in and ‘do their bit.””’

FOUGHT DEATH PENALTY

The remarkable career of Sir Samuel
Romilly, the British statesman, came to a
tragic end 99 years ago. He was the first in-
fluential man in England to attempt to bring
about the abolition of capital punishment,
notes a London correspondent. When he en-
tered public life the English statutes pun-
ished with d.ath nearly 300 ciimes, ranging
from murder and treascn down to keeping
company with gypsies. Romilly, who was of
French descent, launched an agitation
against these codes, and in 1808 he succeeded
in repealing the Elizabethan statute which

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.
General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
~ Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

made it a capital
from the person of another.

From that time until his death he waged
war unceasingly against these cruel statutes,
renewing his motions sessicn after session,
and although he failed, he cleared the way
for the success of others who kept up the
agitation. Romilly was devoted to his wife,
and when she died, October 29, 1818, the
philanthropist fell into a delirium of grief.

Four days later his grief had so preyed on
his mind that he went mad and killed him-
self.

CHURCH: BUILT ON A PIER

An unusual site for a church is to be found
at Ilfrancombe, England, which has a church
built on a pier, and it is the only seaside
place in the world that hassuch adistinction.
Indeed, Ilfrancombe would not possess the
honor were it not for the fact that Lanterin
Hill forms a part of the pier. Those who
argue about the matter are always silenced
by the plea that you have to go on the pier
in order to enter the church, observes a writer.

The curious old building to be seen on the
top of the hill has many strange adventures.
It is dedicated to St. Nicholas, the patron
saint of seafaring folk, and in that connec-
tion it is interesting to learn that at one
time the old church was used as alighthouse.

In bygone days the sailors used to trudge
up the hill to pray before going to sea, and
many were the regrets when the little edifice
ceased to hold its services. It is now used
by the pier authorities for storing purposes,
but the day may come when it will be re-
stored, and form one of the many attractive
‘“‘sights’’ Ilfrancombe already possesses.

NORTHERN LIGHTS TROUBLESOME

~When the aurora borealis, or ‘‘northern
lights’’ pay us a visit there is trouble on all
the telegraph and telephone lines. The rea-
son for this seems to be that the aurora bor-
ealis, which is really an unusual electric em-
anation from the sun, sets up abnormal earth
currents. The strength of these currents
has been measured many times and found to
have a potential varying between 425 volts
positive and 225 volts negative and a resis-
tance of about 2,000 ohms.
