---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_015.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

Donald McNicol, assistant electrical engi-
neer of the Postal Telegraph Company, who
has given much study to this subject, made
an official report in 1892, quoted in the Elec-
trical Experimenter, in which he described
the effects of earth currents on the ten At-
lantic cables then in existence. Most affect-
ed was that from Brest to Miquelon Island,
and the disturbances were greater at the
western than at the eastern end, so that
often St. Pierre could send messages to Brest,
but could not receive any.

Long cables were more effective then short
ones, southerly ones more than northerly
ones, and the abnormal currents seemed to
travel mostly from east to west. Sometimes
the earth currents were so strong that they
injured the condensers. But they are most
erratic in their nature and behavior.

e

TORPEDOES ON WHEELS

The latest reperts from across the water
informs us that anew war device, is the inven-

tion of an English engineer, Strafford Talbot. .

Literally, it is a torpedo on wheels which may
be propelled toward the enemy trenches and
controlled from the starting point by means
of attached wires.

The explosive is mounted on a metalic box
which rides on four wheels. Attached to
the box is a contrivance consisting of a dy-
namo which propels the wheels. The entire

machine is electrically controlled, permitting

the explosion of the charge at the desired
moment.

Two parallel wires connect the torpedo
with the control station. These are carried
on spools and unwind as the machine advan-
ces. The power is derived from accumulat-
ing batteries at the starting point. When it
is desired to fire the charge all that is re~
quired is to push a button. Accordi‘ng‘to th.e
inventor the total cost of this contrivance 18

about $150. '

NEW FIBER PLANT

A Consular report states that a new Costa
Rican fiber plant has been developed through
selection and cultivation by M. Peralta of
San Jose, and is al eged to produce more and
stronger fiber than henequen or sis-al.

The fiber is made into rope, twine, m'ats,
bazs, and even finer articles. The spineless
leaaf is 9 to 12 feet long, and each plant aver-
ages 3) leaves a year, yielding two pounds
of fiber. With about 600 plants to the acre,
cane, beans, potatoes, or corn can be grown
on the same land. Full growth is reached in
five years, but cuttings—two a year—may

begin two years after planting the shoots.
R -

'Happiness is to be found in con.genialwoz'-k,
in a regular and well-spent life, in (?bscum'ty
and retirement, in sound and true friendship,
and especially in the Jove of a man and a
woman who thoroughly appreciate eachother.

BEGIN AGAIN

Every day is a fresh beginning,
Every day is the world made new;
You who are weary of sorry and sinning,
Here is a beautiful hope for you—
A hope for me and a hope for you.

'All the past things are past and over,
The tasks are done and the tears are shed,
- Yesterday’s errors let yesterday cover;
Yesterday’s wounds, which smarted and bled,
Are healed with the healing which night
has shed.

Yesterday now is a part of forever;
Bound up in a sheaf, which God holds tight;
With glad days, and sad days, and bad days
which never
Shall visit us more with their bloom and
their blight,
Their fullness of sunshine or sorrowfulnight.

Let them go, since we carnot relieve them,
Cannot undo and cannot atone;
- God in His mercy, receive, forgive them;
Only the new days are our own,
Today is ours and today alone.
Here are the skies all burnished brightly,
Here is the spent Earth all reborn,
Here are the tired limbs springing lightly
To face the sun and to share with the morn,
In the chrism of dew and the cool of dawn.
Every day is’a fresh beginning;
Listen, my soul, to the glad refrain,
And, spite of old sorrow and older sinning,
And puzzles forecasted and possible pain,
Take heart with the day, and begin again.
—Susan Coolidge.

FAMOUS ELEPHANT HUNTER

Having spent a great deal of painstaking
effort in preparing the wonderful animal
groups at the American Museum of Natural
History, Carl E. Ackley is known through-
out South Africa as an elephant hunter. He
has had many thrilling experiences, one of
which he describes in the New York Sun as
follows:

Elephants are no more conspicuous in their
own country thap jack rabbits are in theirs.
They are the color of the shadows in the for-
est and almost as indistinguishable. Intelli-
gence and vindictiveness are two of their
most prominent characteristics. When one
knows he is being hunted he will lie in wait,
stil) as a rock, and looking much like one,
and will hunt his hunter as a dog hunts a rat.

I had cut a big bull out from a herd and
was following his spoor, knowing well enough
that he was lying in wait for me somewhepe.
The big beast, as it turned out afterwards,
got my wind as I was stalking him, and was
searching for me.

I must have got within ten or twenty- feet
of him, because I remembered afterward
that I heard a swift rush but did not catch
sight of him coming. The first I knew of his
presence was a quick vision of his trunk as

he knocked me down. Then 1 caught one
glimpse of his little eyes as he curled up his
trunk out of the way and tried to impale me
with his tusks.

I had just time to grasp a tusk with my
left hand and twist myself so that my body
was between the two shafts of ivory. I felt
the impact of his tusks as they dug into the
ground on either side of me, and his heavy
nose crushed against my chest. That is all I
remember.

My hunter fortunately shot him dead as he
was preparing for another thrust. 1 wasun-
conscious as they carried me to the camp,
where I lay for three months, with my chest
so crushed that it was doubtful whether or
not I should live.

LANTERNS LIGHT BROADWAY

The joker has come to the fore on Broad-
way, N. Y., as the resu]t of the dimming of
the white lights on that thoroughfare. Re-
cently after the current had been turned cff
a man walked up the big street with alighted
lantern. He wended his way across Broad-
way, and after swinging the lantern about
his head much after the fashion of trainmen
signaling, he continued up the street. He
had sown seeds that began to sprout in many
directions and a few minutes later rival hum-
orists appeared with lanterns, electric flash-
lights, and one optimist tried to keep a candle
going as he walked down toward Times
Square.

CHEAPER GASOLINE

Louis Bond Cherry, a Kansas City in-
ventor, called on Secretary of the Navy
Daniels, recently, announced his ability to in-
crease the gasoline production of the United
Sgates from 3,000,000,000 to 9,000,000,G00
gallons a year, and offered to furnish “‘gas”
to the Government at 6¢ a gallon. Cherry
submitted samples and the report of a com-
mittee of scientists who have examined his
process and given it their approval.

““But for the shortage of materials, elec-
trical apparatus, and the like,”” he said, ‘I
could have my apparatus installed in every
refinery in the country, trebling the gasoline
production, inside of a year.”’

NEW YORK’S NEW SUBWAY

A New York correspondent informs us
that that city opened a new subway line in
its transportation system on Sunday, when
an extension of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit’s
underground line was put in operation on
Broadway, placing at the public’s conveni-
ence a line between Times Square in Man-
hattan, and Times Plaza, Brooklyn, and con-
necting with other subways.

It is announced that women will be em-
ployed as ticket agents and as tram guards.
