---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_016.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

_—___———:_—_———___—___——___——_——————————————_——_————— :

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Honor Club took an involuntary vaca-
tion during the past week, there being neither
Entertainment nor Delegate Meeting held;
and now with jangled nerves a-tune, we face
with composure. the activities of the present
week. The total lack of happenings leaves
us with mighty little to write about, so we
trust the members will bear this in mind, and
not condemn too harshly the glittering gener-
alities which follow.

We wish we could say to every one, ‘‘start
the old grindstone whirring, and sharpen up
your sword, the Government hasaccepted our
offer of service, and the Boche, having heard
the news, is mining the road to Berlin,”’
but just like George Washington, we scorn, to
tell a lie, and we can only say that we don’t
know what the future holds for the members
of the Club, either collectively, or individually.
We can only hope. Of one thing we are sure,
there are but few members who are not
anxious to serve their country in her need,
and who do not pray diily that some means
will be found of allowing them to do so.
The man who is content to remain a burden
to his country at this time, is a mighty poor
specimen of manhood, and we think, deserves
all he is getting. Personally we would like to
sez the Club enlist in a body, and then with
““Rube’” on a tall raw-boned war horse to
lead us, sword in hand, or teeth, as circum-
stances 1izht die-ate, with ‘‘Berlin, or H—
by Christmas’’ as our motto, we would win
this war. In the mean time we can only
obey orders and wait, doing what we can to
help; and whatever the future brings, whether
we be asked to dig trenches, or turnips, be
sure we will do it with a will.

Now a word to those of our members who
seemingly think the Club exists only for the
purpose of giving an Entertainment, or Out-
ing, on Saturday afternoons. They have a
totally wrong idea of the spirit and purpose
of this Club. It is organized for helpfulness,
rather than amusement, and its very biggest
reason for being, is that it should be means
of fostering a spirit of co-operation between
the Officials and Inmates; in the work which
should be, and we believe is, the daily task
of both; the making, and not the breaking, of
men. It particularly irks us, to hear of Del-
egates being called all manner of names,
such as ‘‘rats; snitches,”” ete, for doing
their duty, and reporting some flagrant vio-
lation of the rules ¢n the part of a member,
or members. Every fair-minded man must
acknowledge that when a ‘‘kick’” must be
made, it is given, and received, with a better
grace, when coming frcm a friend, than from
an enemy; and that the fault of one, if over-
looked, may lead to the unjust, thoughnnecess-
ary punishmentof the many. The Delegatesare
there to see that no one violates a rule of tre
Institution, or Club, and they should be giv-
.en loyal support, and not criticism; for what

they do is in the interest of all. It is most
unfair to ostracise a man for doing his duty,
however disiasteful such duty may be, and
we are sure that all those who are in sympa-
thy with the spirit, and purpose of the Club
will not countenance such folly. We can
never hope to govern ourselves until we have
learned to obey. The spirit of obedience is
one of the most valuable of traits, for he who
really possesses it is fitted to command.

We would like to call the attention of mem-
bers to the fact that the Club’s Circulating
Library could accomodate a few more sub-
scribers. We have literature to suit the
taste of all; the week.y and monthly reviews
for the student of affairs; ‘‘high-brow’’ pub-
lications for those Bostonians temporarily
residing in our midst; for the frivolous mind-
ed, publications consisting of a moiety of pic-
tures, and a residue of reading matter of the
Laura Jean Libbey, and Ella Wheeler Wilcox
brand. And last, but far from least, we
have a Librarian who can hand out Maga-
zines with a charm of manner, which often
more than doubles their value to the recipi-
ent. A paltry charge of 2¢c a day is made,
which should be but a mere bagatelle to our
local “‘munition millionaires.”’

Next Saturday, January 19, the Second
Section will go out as announced inlast weeks
UMPIRE.

B 8266, Secretary.
Treasure’s Report, December 31, 1917.

Receipts and Disbursements of The Honor
and Friendship Club.

Balance on hand Dee. 31, 1916.
Contributions and Repayments
Commissions on Siles

Sale of old paper

Magazine Subscripticns

Magazine sales

Sale of Pok: Perry Publications.
Collection on Patriotic Pictures
Co'lection on U. S. & Allied Flags
Misecellaneous

Proceeds of Trays

$96.87
130.80
105.60
500.76
244.50
1.75
19 45
8R.98
98.70
.60
37.50

Total 1325251
Disbursements
Gifts, Donations and Charities 237.83
Education and Recreation 52.10
Commissions Paid 50.66
Central News for Magazines 76.43
Miscellaneous Purchases 120.65
U. S. & Allied Flags Purchased 60.27
Funeral Floral Pie e 45.00
Funeral Expenses 154.00
Miscellaneous Expenses 64.01
Y. M. C. A. War Fund 75.00
Liberty Loan Bond 50.00
Red Cross Donation 78.75
Kiddies’ Christmas Fund 100.00
Donation to Boy Scouts 50.00
Gift to Miss Russell 25.C0
Balance on hand, Dec. 31, 1917. 85.81
Total 1325.51

—B 8802, Treasurer.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad’’ column. -

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. =3
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. 2
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes
estimates cheerfully given. B 8156,6 Block.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.
WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscienticus
Workmanship and fair prices. B 17466, 5th Gal.
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. R 7507, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079,
1st Block.

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block. R i
FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all
complete with accessories. Will instruect
purcl\aser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.
FOUND—Gold fountain pen: between 3rd
and 4th blocks. Owner can have same by iden-

ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed. and divide the profits. Applicants
gand number ta 11th Block.

FTOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit
hand bacs in menv different colors. Price
$1.00 R 5396, 12 1=t Gallery.

FOR SALFE —Resd wateh Fobs  Any desion
made to order. Alen stoek on hend.  Work
guaran‘reed. B R096, R097. 10th Rloek.

NOTTCFE

The H. F. Club would appreciate very

-much if each and everv member would save

all old Newspapers and Magazines as well as
all scrap-paper of everv description. Give it
to your Delegate. The paper is sold and the
money goes to the Club—vou and yours will
receive some benefit from this source. Don’t
waste any, save it all, every little helps.

It is announced bv a Harrisburg correspond-
ent that for the first time in many months
the State Board of Pardons, which meets
today, will not have any commutation cases to
consider at their meeting. :
