---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_017.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V 2
THE WAR AND LABOR

According to the opinion of Dr. Frank
Crane, no class of people have so much at
stake in the present war as those who labor.

Substantiating his belief he says:

‘“The American laborer is not wholly sordid.
His aims are not only material. His goal is
a spiritual one also.

‘“That is, he is not-struggling merely for
more wages. The sole cbject of his labor
union is not just more food and clothes and
leisure.

‘“‘He wants to be respected, to be a citizen,
to have equal rights and privileges with the
employers. He wants to be a man, and not
a thing; a human being, and not a commodity;
a soul, and not a chattel.

‘‘He wants power, justice, freedom, and
all the other spiritual goods that human be-
ings naturally desire.

‘‘In America, under democratic institutions,
he is free to organize and agitate for these

ends. He has a hand in moulding his gov-
ernment. His vote is as good as the capita-
lists. He is not battened down in his class,

he is free to rise to any height if he has it in

him. ~
‘‘For Germany to conquer, for her to be

able to make peace before her military am-
bitions are permanently rencered impotent,
would be to fasten upon the workman the
nost odious tyranny. .
““/Capitalism here may be bad, but capital-
ism plus Prussianism would be infinitely

worse. _
““The German ruling class is today the

greatest menace to the common man. It
means special privilege carried to its most
loathsome degree. It means adding to
whatever evil there may be in capitalism the
odious fiction of the superiority of the high-
born, the insolenc: of military martinets,
the brutality and inhumanity of a morbid
egotism, and the divine right of kings.

“‘The president of a great labor organiza-
‘tion did well therefore, when he issued a
call to labor to celebrate the week of Lin-
coln’s Birthday as a Nation-wide Loyalty

Week. ’
This is not Wilson’s war, nor the Army’s

war, nor the Politicians’ war;itis the people’s
war.

““The labor leader’s sentiments are sound:

¢« T et us rally the forces of freedom that
they may do their full part for the triumph-
ant world struggle of to-day, so that justice,
freedom, and democracy shall survive and
become world-wide as guiding-rules of all
peoples and all nations as well as in interna-
tional relations. And thus making for a per-
manent peace and for universal brotherhood.’ *’

Philadelphia, January 23, 1918

INCOME TAX HITS 6,000,000

According to the government statistics,
five hundred thousand individuals paid a tax
upon their incomes last year. This year six
million American citizens will be called upon
to shoulder for the first time this new burden
of taxation.

‘‘Shall we, however, call this a burden? Is
it then a burden to support the great institu-
tions in America that protect and shelter us?
Can it be a burden to uphold the arms of our
President in a cause that is just?

“Itis true, of course, that we are carrying
a great burden of taxation, but we are poor
business men if we regard these taxes as
money lost. They are but the premiums we
are paying on the greatest insurance of all
times—insurance against the conditicns now
ruling in Russia. Insurance that will protect
and preserve our families, our property, our
lives, our ideals, all that we are and all that
we hope to be. Think of Belgium systemat-
ically ruined, think of Poland devastated and
laid waste, think of Armenia, a nation mass-
acred and murdered by an ally of the Huns.
Think on these things, and then remember
that every dollar of taxes you pay into the
Treasury of the United States places another
barrier between your loved ones and such un-
speakable horrors as these.

““The payment of the income tax is the
present duty—the splendid privilege—of six
million citizens.”’

TREMENDOUS ARTIFICIAL LIGHT

Perhaps the biggest artificial light in the
world is the 50,000,000 candlepower light in-
stalled at the falls of Niagara. When the
gigantic installation was made it was claimed
to be the nearest approach to real sunshine
ever devised by man, and that may be true.
But it is interesting to ascertain, if possible,
how much it fell short of the actual output
of light by our great luminary, and, strangely
enough, there are figures in existence which
enable a comparison to be made. Yet it
may be stated at once that these figures are
so stupendous as to leave the human mind
absolutely ‘in the dark.”’

How many lights equal to the Niagara in.
stallation would it require to match Dame
Nature’s big installation which appearsabove
the horizon so regularly day by day? More
big figures! It would require 31,500,000,000, -
000 lights just as powerful as the biggest
man has accomplished ‘‘on his own.”” So
even Uncle Sam will have to try again. The
Niagara illumination is ‘‘some’’ light, but
0ld Sol is equal to three and one-half quin-
tillions of them!

NO. 4

ARE WE TO LOSE
THE STOGIE?

A wholesale dealer in tobacco of Cleve-
land, O., is authority for the statement that
stogies soon will be no more. The war has
knocked the stuffing out of them, or rather,
it has taken the stogies stuffing away to fill
cigars of more aristocratic shape. Profit is
all but gone. Prices climb, but so also do
the objections increase against paying the
higher rate. Taken altogether, the chances
for the stogie are as slim as itself.

As virtually all Cubans can roll cigars so
was it once possible for many Americans be-
sides professicnal cigarmakers to manufac-
ture their own smokes. Hospitable folk of
the rural districts thought it the fine thing to
offer there guests cigars which had been
made in the house. The stogie was the last
of its kind which could be said to have an
unprofessional origin, many thousands being
rolled by women at their homes in periods of
the day when household duties were light.

If now the stogie is to disappear, cigar
making in this country will cease to have
even the slightest of the amateur touch.

This vanishing is to be regretted, not sim-
ply because the stogie was a cheap smoke,
but also because it was picturesque. Itfitted
a certain type of American face. It went
with long chins, long legs, bodies without
superfluous flesh. The man whose pockets
were stuffed with stogies seemed to be armed
against lonesomeness and the power of any
one to ‘“‘turn him down.’”’ Smokers of timid
spirit never affected stogies.

MANNERS AND THE LAUGH

Speaking about the value of a hearty laugh
as a stimulant to the mind, a prominent doc-
tor avers that ‘‘a good laugh and a happy
smile are necessary for men and women in
every activity, though there are and always
have been some stiffnecked people who doubt
the benefit and propriety of a hearty laugh.
We have all heard women of the old school of
manners admit reluctantly that they *‘had to
laugh’’ at a play they went to see, as if there
were something too crude for well-bred folk
in a hearty laugh, and if you could but face
the audience instead of the stage during the
performance of a taking comedy you wculd
see here and there prim, proper folk pulling
their faces straight the moment the curtain
goes down and the lights go up for fear scmwe
one might think they had so far forgotten
their manners as to share in the general

laughter.

