---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_018.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

E———————————— e

THE UMPIRE

W

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention; all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page. -

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 16, 1918.

““If we are not here to try to do our best,
the sooner we’re away. the better for al‘l
parties.”’

W

THE LIGHT WITHIN

To be glad of life with all its troubles;
with all its discouragements, is one of the
infallible signs that the seed of the divine
spirit still lives within. It gives you the in-
spiration to look up at the stars with a feel-
ing of hope, knowing that the beautiful light
“‘which cometh from afar’’ is always shining
for those who seek to retrieve a misspent
life. Never were truer words ever written
than the poetic expression that ‘‘hope springs
eternal from the human breast.”” Eternal
because it comes from ‘‘the Light that never
faileth.”” It brings you a chance .to work
out your own destiny—a chance to feel sat-
isfied with your possessions even though
humble, though not satisfied until you have
made the best of them. It teaches you not
to despise anything in the world except
meanness and falsehood, and to fear nothing
except deceit and cowardice; to be ruled by
your admirations rather than by your prej-
udice and dislikes; to seek not that which is
not rightly your own, except it be kindness
of heart and willingness to assist those who
may be in distress or need. If we do these
things, think seldom of our enemies and fre-
quently of our friends, constantly of the re-
deeming Christ love that binds man to man
with bonds stronger than steel, there can be
no doubt as to our future welfare, for the
guiding spirit of fellowship, brotherkcod and
love will serve as the little guide-posts on
the footpath of life, that will lead us safely
on to the haven of success.

A NOBLE DEED WELL PLANNED

A most gratifying piece of information
comes to hand as we read that John E. An-
drus, of Yonkers, N. Y., has recently found-
ed an orphan asylum at that place in memory
of his deceased wife; the value of endow-
ment and grounds approximating $2,000,(00.

It is declared that this is to be followed by
several more millions of dollars to other
worthy causes, among them the Surdna

foundation, through which he expects to give
to charitable causes a portion of his fortune
estimated at from forty to seventy millions.
In regard to which Mr. Andrus announces
that he was simply carrying out plans that
he and his wife had decided upon before she
passed away.

““We always thought,”” said Mr. Andrus,
“that little children and old people were
equal subjects for our loving consideration.
I have concluded first to erect and endow in
this city, on lands formerly owned by my
wife, an orphan home for little children, the
preference being given to those, if such
there be, of soldiers who have given their
lives for us and our country. As contem-
plated my plan will differ from the usual
scheme of a large orphange. There will be
constructed detached cottages to be given in
charge of trustworthy guardians who are
capable of replacing as nearly as possible,
the absent parents. It is intended to ar-
range the endowment so as to eliminate the
possibility of appealing for money to make
up the usual annual deficiency so conspicuous
in other institutions of the kind.”’

It will be remembered that Mr. Andrus is
a former Congressman and also a prominent
church man, which would lead us to believe
that he is one of the very few who practice
what they preach in this age of gold worship
and scramble for everything within grasp.
And it affords us much pleasure to think
that here at least, is one man of great
wealth who can really measure up to the
pressing need of the times, as a man who
has performed a noble deed well planned.

AMERICA’S FOUR DECLARATIONS

Four great historical documents marking
progressive epochs in our national history,
give the essential definition of Americanism
in politics, says the New Republic. First in
the Declaration of Independence, signed July
4, 1776, proclaiming the principles by which
the United States justify their independence
of European domination. Second is President
Monroe’s message to Congress of Dec. 2,
1823, announcing the right of the people of
the Western Iiemisphere to pursue their
political destinies without interference from
Old World powers. Third is Lincoln’s me-
morial address at Gettysburg, Nov. 19, 1868,
in which the rights of Americans to their
own continents are affirmed to be inalienably
democratical, and without democracy to be
forfeit. Fourth is the message delivered by
President Wilson at the joint session of the
two houses of Congress April 2, 1917, assert-
ing the value of the democratical polity to
the whole territorial world and the right to
it of the entire human race.

SAYS NATION NEEDS SHOCK

A letter from Chicago informs us that the
indifferent attitude of America toward the war
and the tendency to regard it as a side issue

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at

lin P. Grant, president
of the Irving National Bank of New York in
an address before the National Le:gue of
Commission Merchants recently in :ession
there. Only a rending shock will awaken the
nation to a true realization of the gigantic
task it is facing in winning the war, Mr.
Grant predicted.

“Our war vessels have been destroyed,
our soldiers and sailors killed and captured,
and our casualty lists are being publiched
from day to day,”” Mr. Grant said, ‘‘yet, in
the face of this, we go on from day to day
living in an atmosphere of smug peace and
security, making the war effort that comes
to us, that is forced upon us, as if we do not
realize, even as if we refuse to realize, that
this is now our war and we alone must win
1t

OUR CONSCIOUSNESS OF MONEY

Many factors go toward lowering the tcne
of this mankind whence genius should spring
as a madman or a god. One is our intensg
consciousness of money, avers W. L. George,
in Harper’s Magazine. The discovery of
money is recent, for the rich men of the
Bible wanted flocks and lands only so that
they might eat well, drink well and wed fair
women; the lust of Ahab was rather unusual.
At other times, in Babylon, in Venice, wealth
brought material benefits first, later only
distinction. Only with the rise of tne middle
class did wealth become the greatest force,
for it alone could make the middle class equal
with their fellows. As they could claim no
lineage they naturally came to want to claim
themselves better than their kind—the mer-
chant princes of the Victorian period, their
sideboards, barouches and sarcophagi; the
American millionaires with their demon sreed
cars, their Ritz-Carlton dinners, their invest-
ments in old masters (guarenteed mouldy)are
natural consequences. Whereas in the seven-
teenth century if you could impress if you
were a duke, in the twentieth century if you
become a millionaire you can stun. And you
can stun only because everybody admires you
for being a millionaire, because, as Miss Mar._
ion Ashworth perfectly says, ‘‘there are
people whom the mention of great fortunes
always makes solemn.”’
