---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_019.jpg
---
-

THE UMPI RE

3

A FAMOUS STORY

. ‘““Literature for the sake of literature’’
stands a parlous chance for a hearing in these
stirring days. Notwithstanding this fact, an
Italian translation of Edward Everett Hale’s
famous American short story. ‘‘The Man
Without a Country,’’ has been presented to
every soldier fighting on the Italian front.

Presumably because there is no bit of writ-
ing better calculated to rouse real patriotism
and further heroic self-sacrifice than this
sublime old story, which reads like a fireside
anecdote, as though Hale were perfectly un-
conscious than he was telling a tale universal
in its appeal and significance. Did he really
ever dream that it would become an inspiring
school classic? The blessing of having a
country that needs them and wants them has

always been taken for granted by Americans.

And now Edward Everett Hale’s undying
voice is heard in the trenches of far-off Italy,
telling the warriors of the Venetian plains
that it is a very real blessing, even in war
time!

LEAVES CONVERTED INTO WOOD

Artifical wood from driedleaves—especially
those of oak, beech or birch—is a new product,
reported from Austria, using even cheaper
waste material than the sawdust already
similarly utilized. The leaves are finely ground,
mixed with a suitable binder, shaped in molds
under a pressure of 350 atmospheres, and
dried by heat while still under pressure. The
best binder is stated to be viscose, though
this may be strengthened by addition of a
little glue, water-glass, casein, rosin, or other
substance. The ground leaves are boiled
with soda lye before mixing with the solution
of viscose;and the viscose may be prepared
from a portion of the leaf powder by treating
with sodalye and then with carbon disulphide.

Coloring matter may be added to the leaf
powder or to the pasty mixture. Some filler
may be desirable for special purposes, and
the materials suitable include asbestos, in-
fusorial earth, wood flour and peat flour,

e

PREHISTORIC IRRIGATION DISCLOSED

Writing from a mining camp in the west a
correspondent informs us the remains of irri-
gation systems that date back to prehistoric
times, when the valleys of Arizona were in-
habited by lightly civilized Indian tribes, are
still in existence. One of the most famous
of these is on the state highway, running
from Prescott to the Grand Canyon. Water
is taken from what is known as Montezuma’s
well, a curious natural well 440 feet in diam-
eter and ninety-three feet deep, except one
spot, where no bottom has been reached at
500 feet. Lime in solution is carried by the
water, and the sides of the ditch have been
preserved by the petrification of the original

earth.

BROTHERHOOD

O brothers, we are children of the sonsof man,

Valiant, fearful, haughty, tearful, cling-
ing close to class or clan,
Split in sordid, narrow nations, caught in

creeds that bless or ban,
But brothers, we are brothers of the sons
of man.

O brothers, we are children of the sons of
man,
With step elate the millions march upon
the battle van;
They die like sheep in shambles(dear God,
send peace again,)
O brothers, are we brothers of the sons of
men?
The fleets of air that journey fair, on joyous
mission bent,
Now fling their death darts flaming from
the fiery firmament;
Where soft the ocean billows breathe,
where the breakers swell,
Squat on their hips, the battleships are
baying hounds of hell.

O brothers, ’tis the mothers who are mar-
tyred at the guns,
Europe’s soul is stricken with the slaughter
of her sons,
The great world heart is heavy (dear God,
send peace again,)
And brothers still be brothers of the sons
of men.

or

— Robert Loveman.
SPRINGING A MINE IN WAR

The springing of a mine is one of the most
deadly and insidious forms of attack in this
present war. It is a fruitful cause of
‘‘nerves’’ to all those who are engaged in it.

Working down into the earth in total dark-
ness, often right under the enemy position,
never knowing at what moment discovery
may come, and death from bombing or, worse
still, from being buried alive, says Captain
Arthur Hunt Chute in Harper’s Magazine.
It is no wonder that those who are mining
or countermining are subject to attacks of

.nerves.

I knew an officer who, while in the infan-
try, was noted for his sangfroid. He had
been in the Yukon gold rush andlater through
a troublous career in Mexico.

After he had been with a mining company
for a month this devil-may-care adventurer
was as shaky as an old woman. “‘It’s that
working down in the dark and waiting for the
foe that you can never see that gets achap,”’
he said.

Just before a mine goes up, if a premoni-
tion has been given, the feeling of suspense

in the front line is like that on board a doomed

ship. - The order is given to abandon the
trench, and in a pinic every man rushes for
safety in the rear. But not every man can
leave. Sentries must still man the parapet;
they remain at the post of duty till death.

The chaps who did the Birkenhead drill, or
the sentry who stood to his post in Pompeii,
have nothing on the sentry on the front line
who stands by his post of duty while the
mine is being sprung under his feet.

On one occasion we were abandoning a
trench where the explosion of a mine was
iminent; it was pitch dark, and the night was
perfectly quiet, when there came the dread
premonition of a mine. The order was given
for all except the sentries to retire, and in a
panic of fear I rushed to the communicating
trench.

There flashed before me the momentary
picture of a sentry at his post of duty, stand-
ing on the rim of the fire trench with fixed
bayonet, firm and imperturbable, gazing into
the gloom of No Man’s Land. Under his
feet were the rockings of an earthquake
that soon should engulf him. But though
the earth were removed his duty remained,
and he as a soldier stood firm. A few min-
utes later, with a reverberating roar, he
went up with the mine. The momentary
and flashing glimpse of that gallant sentry
remains for me my most heroie, soul enkxnd-
ling memory of two years of war.

INVENTED THE MOVIE FILM

Watching for three hours the unreeling of
a stupendous film, one notonly marvels where
this art will end, but where it began, says a
writer. It may almost be said to have begun
in the pulpit, for although the idea was in
the toy called the ‘‘wheel of life,”” yet with-
out the photographic film the cinematograph
would have been impossible, and that was,
according to the judgment of the United
States Supreme court, the inventicn of Rev.
Hannibal Goodwin.

Mr. Goodwin was pastor of the Episcopal
church in Newark, N. J., and was a great
lover of children, although he had none of
his own. He was always scheming for their
enjoyment, and it was in order to make a
picture machine to amuse his Sunday school
that he turned his attention to photegraphic
films, the secret of which he discovered in
the early eighties of the last century.

He made the filmsin the old rectory, and
sometimes he went directly from the pulpit
to the laboratory in his vestments. He re-
signed his pastorate in 1888, but it was not
for ten years later that he obtained his pat-
ent. He was about to put his films on the
market when he met with anaccidental death
in 1900. Mr. Goodwin got nothing out of an
invention which has made tens of millions.

The natives in some parts of Indo-China
employ various fibres in the attempt to sup-
ply their own paper. The village du Popier,
suburb of Hanoi, owes its name to the fact
that most of its 2,000 or 3,000 inhabitants
make paper from the bark of a small ‘‘paper
tree’’ a species of mulberry, found on the
Black River in Upper Tonkin,
