---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_020.jpg
---
"

THE UMPIRE

e — Y
—_——__——_——__—_——-————

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

The most important event in Honor Club
circles during the past week was the Elec-
tion held Friday noon, and we will say atonce
for the benefit of those who did not wait up
to hear the returns, that the Reform Party
won a great and glorious victory. “Consider-
ing the scant time for preparation, and the
necessity for secrecy—to prevent objectio-
able electioneering methods—it was a great
success, and we believe that in every instance,
the man best liked, and most respected by
his fellows of the Block or Gallery, won; in
some instances by an overwhelming majority.

The Honorable ‘‘Curley,’’ organizer of the
scheme, who wore himself almost to a ‘‘fraz-
zle”’ in the last few days of preparation, now
wears a smile like that of a mother regard-
ing her first-born, and the Honorable ‘‘Pete’’
has removed the warning finger from his lip,
and has lost the air of mystery which so dis-
tinguished him during the period.

His Excellency, the President, was frankly
pleased with the success of the experiment
and in his ‘‘speech from the throne’’ at the
first meeting of the new body on Saturday
morning, reminded the Delegates that they
were the free choice of the members, and
that he expected them to work for the in-
terest of their constituents; to work with
their Overseers, and not against them; to
help their fellow inmates, and not harm them
and he announced emphatically thata ‘‘graft-
er’or a ‘‘knocker’’ would have short shrift.
And we are going to interpolate here, that
our seemingly easy-going President can be
a regular Bluebeard when he chooses.

We can’t resist saying a word of warning
to those apostles of preparedness who may
start laying up a store of tobacco for ammu-
nition for the next election. It will no use
boys, only a waste of tobacco that would
make Hoover weep, for the next election
will be held after an entirely different man-
ner.

The returns follows:
* were re-elected.

Those marked with

1 Block Left B &271* 13 Votes
e Right SThiYe 23 e
Sarsis (To be appointed)
A1 Left B 5708 19 Votes
st Right ‘¢ BheT* 18 5
gD Left EH0DLE 15 G
B Right ‘6263 6 o
6i 5 Left ‘¢ B8YT 9 &
G Right ‘¢ 8700%* 14 £
T Left ‘4 808T* 32 o
T Right e sl0 1 28 £
Rpaee Left ‘0 T567 6 G
Bt Right ‘¢ 8884 3 ok
Qi LS Left 7444 32 i
SEad Right ¢ 8663 20 2
L ‘< 5401 * 20 o
1§ S ¢ 86T73* 48 i
Pt €294 . 75 5

12 Block—1 Gallery, (To be appomted)

) —9 6 ¢

4 Gallery—Returns not in, owing to drifted
roads.

5 Gallery Left B 8376 :2b Votes
5 = Rights 25816829 %
6 e Left BT Wl 3 4
6 o Right ¢¢ 8433 6 &
it e Left SeSTATI =T s
T & Right:  ££:6238 5 =29 24

Some of our readers will be surprlsed at
the small vote recorded for some of the suc-
cessful candidates, but this is easily account-
ed for by the fact that the vote was greatly
scattered, in some instances more than a
score of men being voted for.

ENTERTAINMENT

The Entertainment of Saturday; the first
in two weeks, was perhaps the more appre-
ciated, and Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa,
received an enthusiastic reception upon their
appearance. ‘

The first Act on the vaudeville program
was Prince Eagle Eye, s full blocded mem-
ber of our very first families who appeared
in full regalia, feathers, blanket, etc., lack-
ing only the tomahawk of tradition. Even as
it was, as he bounded on the stage, voicing a
“horrid war whoop,’’ we noticed some of our
younger, and more timid members feeling
nervously of their scalp-locks. His act in-
cluded an exhibition of his mastery of a
lariat; some very remarkuble dance-steps,
which reminded us so vividly of life in the
old tepee, that we could almost smell the
camp-fires burning; and a weird something
which he described as a song, but which we
would have otherwise interpreted as a tribal
call to a hot-dog dinner. He was very evi-
dently the simon-pure article,and we extend
him our thanks for his very interesting ex-
hibition.

Mr. Marshall, announced by Mr. Kraupa, as
““The Prince of Entertainers, and Entertain-
er of Princes,’”” and who lived up better to
his ‘‘press-agents’’ statement than artists
usually do; was the next on the program.

His ‘“turn’’ was a melange of jokes, none
of which were oid enough to be touched by
the draft, some very clever impersonations;
particularly that of an old miser, in the song
“The Chink of the Miser’sGold.”” We consid-
er Mr. Marshall a Royal entertainer, and
hope for his return. Last, butnot the least, on
the bill, came the Reese children, (violinists)
appearing through the courtesy of the Gaiety
Theater, Norristown, wkich once, and for all,
clears up our doubts whether anything good
can come from that Burg. They presented
a duet number with violin; a similar number
on the piano, and then with Master Rees at
the piano, Miss Reese gave a violin solo.

They closed with a violin dance number
suiting the action to the music. Theirs was
a very pleasant act, and we regret that our
entire absence of a musical ear prevents us
from naming any of the numbers. It might

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes- brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ 0
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different desigr s.
See B 8327 8th Block. :
FOR -SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any Cde-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block. s
FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. A'so
models and half models of ships, and toys.

WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand
screws, and 1 large jack plane. B 3847, 7 B.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; aiso fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING . done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block

FOR SALE— Pincusticns, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all
complete with accessories. Will instruect
purchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.
FOUND—Gold fountain pen; between 3rd
and 4th blocks. Owner can have same by iden-
tifying property. Apply to B 6465, 8rd Blk.
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the profits. App]icants
send numher to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

hand baos in manv different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALFE —Bead watch Fobs  Any desion
made to order. Aleo stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. B 2096, 8097. 10th Rlock.

have been Liszt, or Sarasate; Irving Berlin
or Harry von Tilzer they played so far as we
could tell, but whatever it was, it was good.

And we are all their debtors for fifteen
minutes of pure harmony. We hope they
will return at an early date, and give the
First Section a chance.

The closing picture was the hitof the after-
noon. It was called ‘‘A Self-made Hero,”’
and if the old adage is true about ‘‘laugh and

aizo

P AT g Ly N T W

grow fat’”’ the entire audience must have

gained a total of at least fifty pounds during

its showing. Speaking for ourselves, we

didn’t eat a thing for supper after seeing it.
Next Saturday, Jan. 26th, the First Section

will be out as follows, 8B, 6B, 6G, 12-1G, 12-

B, 12-2(%, 10E, 11B,1B.

s —B 8266, Secretary. -
