---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_021.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, January 30, 1918

NO. 5

WAR WORK FACTOR
IN UNITING ALL CREEDS

From Camp Dix, Wrightstown, N. J., a
correspondent writes that the world war is
sure to effect tremendous changes in politics,
economics, society, but in the light of the
last week’s evert here, there is evidence
that one of its m(st epoch-making reactions
will be its effect vpon the religious world.
Protestants, Cat! « icg, Jews, all came into
thetraining cam}s with their organizations
for making moie pleasant the life of the
soldiers. They may or may not have had
ideas of devoting their efforts chiefly to men
of their own creeds. But they had not been
here a month before they discovered the job
was too big for them and denominational
divisions and lip-service fer men of all creeds
turned to whole-hearted and open-handed
worked for and among men of all creeds and
non-creeds.

SEA BARGES COMING BACK

Byston news reports state that the old
wooden barge, the Ox of the Sea, long de-
prived of glory, has come into its own in
these war-time days of fuel shortage. Many
of the swift, white-winged schooners which
supplanted it for the most part have been
‘lost in storms or sunk by German submarines.
The few that remain have been pressed into
other service, as have many of the iron
steamers built to bring coal from Southern
ports to New England.

With the coming of the crisis in the fuel
situation the utility of the dumpy, slow-going
~ eraft, strung out in tows of two, three, or
more in the leash of a powerful little tug,
again was recognized.

HAWAII MENACED BY VOLCANO

Late news reports from Honolulu, state
that Kilauea volcano, the largest active cra-
ter in the world, is manifesting unusual ac-
tivity. The immense lake is reported to be
within eighteen feet of the top of the crater.

Prof. T. E. Jaggar, Jr., director of the vol-
cano observatory, predicted today that the
lava would overflow.

Kilavea volcano is Q1tuated in the south-
eastern part of the Island of Hawaii, ap-
proximately 180 miles from this city.

Unusual activity of the volcano wasreport-
ed in February, 1917. At that time the pit
was a lake of fire many acres in extent, cast-
ing its glow at night miles out to sea. Afew

months earlier the pit was inactive.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The first regular meeting of the new Board
of Delegates was held on Tuesday, the 22d,
and a large amount of business transacted.

Perhaps first in importance was the admis-
sion of 38 new members to the Club, viz.
B 8954, 6205, 8951, 8944, 8926, 8949, 8956, —15¢;
8959, 8960, 8955, —25¢; 8937, 10c; 5841, 8946,
8966, 8921, 8929—25c 8967, 8930, 8958,
8952, 7437, 7033, 8940, 8939, 8942 8945, 8947,
8950, 8936, 8968, 8962, 8933, 8943, 5143, 5340,
50c¢, 8931-10c, 8935, 8941-25c. A hearty wel-
come to all, and thanks.

The Treasurer’s Report showed a balance of
$141.98 in the Club Treasury. The resign-
ation of B 8016, 9th Block, accepted. B7664
and B85(1, nominated and elected Represent-
ative Delegates, without opposition. A let-
ter from Mr. Lafferty, of the Board of In-
spsctors (a copy of which is printed else-
where) read, accepting an Honorary mem-
bership in the Club. The sum of $10 00 was
voted to the family of the late Mr. Fair-
brother, and a like sum to the families of all
officer: of the Institution, dying in service,
in the future. The repayment by B 7234 of a
Loan of $2.00 was announced; as was a like
sum, by B 5900. Bills paid were for Taxi
hire, $1.00; John Wanamaker, Cord for stage
Curtains, $1.50; Ballots, etc., fer Electicn,
$11,00; Central News Co. for Periodicals,
$35.16; Loans made, B5592 $2.00; B5609, $2.00;
B5160, $2.00; B8183, 75c. Paid to Overseers
Death Benefit Fund, $10.00.

It was agreed that the circumstances of
every inmate having a family should be
quietly investigated, and help given if need-
ed. These are parlous times on the ‘‘out-
side’”” for all those whose natural bread-
winner is temporarily lost to them, in cold
storage, as it were; and it is the purpose of
the Club to see that wife, nor child, of any
inmate shall not go cold, or hungry, or un-
clothed, while the Club has a dollar in its
Treasury, or the means of raising one. There
may be some of the inmate’s whose natural
pride rebels at the idea of asking, or receiv-
ing charity. To them we will say that their
secret will be well kept, none but the officers
of the Club and themselves will learn of the
assistance given, the names or numbers of
those receiving aid will neither be published,
nor mentioned. Be men, don’t let a false
pride keep your wife, or chll(lren in distress,
when help can be had for the asking A
Committee of the Board of Governors willsee
every inmate having a family, and hope that
every assistance will be given them in their
task of seeing that no member of an inmate’s
family suffers for the neccessities of life

during this terrible winter. There are 1549
children credited to the inmates of this In-
stitution and we want to see everyone
of them well fed, well clothed, and
happy. ,

It is with the same idea of helping the in-
mates, by providing them with a ready mar-
ket for their work, that the Club has secured
a down-town location for a sort of Honor
Club Exchange for the disposal of the work
of members. It is through the kindness of
Mr. Kraupa, Mr. Dipple, and of course, the
Officials, that we are able to take this great
step in advance, and our best thanks are due
them all. It is the hope of the Officers of
the Club, that a ready sale will be found for
all the various articles, useful and otherwise,
made here; and should our selling venture
prove successful, of which there is every
prospect, the Club would be glad to start any
member in the line of work he felt himself
capable of doing, either purchasing his work
outright, or selling it for him on a commission.
Those members who have work on hand that
they are unable to dispose of through the
ordinary channels, should ask their Delegate
tosubmit the same to the Purchasing Commit-
tee of the Board of Governors, who will judge
the same upon its merits, as we don’t intend
to run a junk-shop, and everything must pass
‘‘Curlys’’ eagle eye, who admits himself an
expert in every line. If your work is good,
you will be paid a fair price for it; one which
will assure you a reasonable profit. The
Club asks nothing but the satisfaction of hav-
ing helped you, and will soak the Ultimate
Consumer for the expenses of the work.
Every effort will be made to quickly dispose
of the goods, and it is our hope that steady,
and remunerative work will be assured to
all of our willing workers. N.B. Bead Flags
are absolutely barred, we just can’t give

them away. The following is a list of pur-
chases to da‘e:
B 7"98 7th Block, 1 Humidor $6.00
¢ 1 Inlaid Mivror 6.00
€ i “ 1 “ Jewel Box 6.00
B 6080, 12-2 Gallery, 1 Lords Prayer 4.50
““ 6602, 6th Gallery, 1 Pincushion 195
§e 82()3 6th Block, 1 it 1.00
‘¢ 1 Inlaid Jewel Box 5.00
B 8699, ¢ ‘¢ 1 Pincushion 75
“ 6452, 1st ¢ 10 Watch Fobs 5.00
«« 7978, 11th ‘¢ 12 Bead Necklaces 4.50
<« 8811, 6th .¢¢ 1 set of Tey Furniture 1 €0
¢« 5958, 10th ‘¢ 4 Bead Watch Fobs 2.00
CEQNIT O Eh TS e 2 50
¢« 8224, 6th Gallery, 1 Bead Watch Fob .50
¢ 5165, 5th Block, 5 Chains & 6 Fobs 4.75
SIS T 7th ¢¢ 1 Hair Watch Chain 1.25
o ¢ 1 Jewel Box 4.00

(Continued on page 4)
