---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_022.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

—_— e —

THE UMPIRE

ﬁ

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 30, 1918.

W
““Tt serves us well to remember that a gra-

cious spirit gives as good as it gets.’’

W

TOO MUCH TALK

The great trouble with many of us these
days is, that we talk too much and do too
little. Evidently the writer of the subjoin-
ing article was of that opinion when he
wrote as follows:

““The market value of mere talk goes down
and down. We have with us -this morning,
this evening and all the time of day between,
the man who talks tco much with hjs mouth.
The quiet fellow who does the work, but
can’t express himself as well as he delivers
the goods, shows up at an uncomfortable dis-
advantage while the talk is on; but not be-
forehand nor afterward. He bides his time
and has his innings.

““Who has not listened to the stream of
talk gushing like an oil well from the lower
part of the face of some interminable lo-
quacity and wondered how it is done? One
speaker in Congress who was trying to hold
up the Panama route for the interoceanic
canal uttered 1,163,000 words against it, all
in vain. Assuredly he could have said a
million words fewer and there would have
been no great bereavement among our -citi-
zens.

‘““We are all of us very much obliged to
the fellow who ‘stands up, speaks up and
shuts up.” The terrible feature of a com-
mittee meeting is the man who must have
his say. As he begins to develop his own
idea it carries him away, and he goes on and
on with it. "He exhausts the subject and
those present. But another man brings the
whole of the deliberation to a focus in a few
sentences and makes the long palaver seem
superfluous.  When Washington presided
over the sessions that gave us the Constitu-
tion he spoke once. The chairman of such a
convention nowadays would have been in-
terrupting, rebuking, commenting continu-
ally, just so as to break into print, and to let
the whole country know that he was it.

“A few words from a man of action count
for more than a long harangue from a wind-
bag. When a big man talks it is his person-

ality that speaks and not simply his tongue.
His autobiography of achievement is back of -

him. His struggle upward all the way to the
place where he now stands is his best elo-
quence, his convincing logic. The immediate
honors of the occasion may be carried off by
some suave and debonair gentleman whose
mellifluous tongue sets the king’s English to
music. But.as the meetiug breaks up, what
the people go away with is not the address of
the polished rhetorician but the message of
the simple, homely soul who all his days has
been living the truth that he now brings to
utterance.

‘‘The character qualifies the pulpiteering.
What you say counts or is discounted by vir-
tue or default of the man you are. The pub-
lic mistrusts a man who publishes his devo-
tion to it and in private relations is a cur-
mudgeon. i

““There is no need for him whose fund of
small talk is meagre to grieve. His assets
in valuable deeds may far outweigh the windy

wordiness of one who has the social genius

that shines at passing the tea and toast and
admiring the poodle.

‘ ‘I have always been afraid of the quiet
man,’ said the President at West Point.
Still waters of character run deep. Action
comes first, and speech is a secondary issue.
Talking did not come to earth till Adam and
his wife appeared, when everything was
done.’ ’’

KEEP ON TRYING

Do you remember when you learned to
swim, or ride a bicycle? You went to it for
all you were worth, but you couldn’t get the
hang of it. Then, a few days afterward, you
tried again and it ‘‘came to you’’ first thing.

But it wouldn’t have ‘‘come to you’’ if you
hadn’t ‘‘gone to it’’ that other time. The
effort which seemed to be wasted at the time
you made it wasn’t wasted after all. You
will find it the same with learning how to
think. If you can’t keep your mind on the
subject tomorrow morning, keep on trying
till the half hour is up. The next morning
you’ll do a little better, and you’ll surprise
yourself within a few weeks.

MOBILIZATION OF LABOR

From late news reports we learn that the
Government has adopted an extensive scheme
of labor mobilization to be put into operation
in the near future. The Fwvening Telegraph
comments that it is the logical step before
trying conscription, the necessity of which it
may avert. The Federal Employment Ser-
vice is being reorganized and expanded on an
ambitious scale and the result should be
highly beneficial to the workers, the employ-
ers, the Government and the nation at large.

A national labor exchange system adequate
to the needs of peace times has been non-ex-
istent in this country, and the new machinery
now being set up should be of permannent

" RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.
General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

value. Such machinery, with modifications
dictated by experience and by the change
from war conditions to peace conditions, will
help immeasurably in the future to stabilize
the labor market, without, however, tending
to depreciate wages.

Mobilization of labor is a problem of peace
as well as of war. It means making labor
mobile in the sense of equalizing supply and
demand. This stabilizes labor, reduces the
evil of seasonal employment and unemploy-
ment, diminishes the labor overturn which is
so costly to workers and employers alike, and
increases the general industrial productive-
ness of the country. Federal mobilization of
labor should not end with the war.

LINCOLN’S BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION

The American Alliance for Labor and De-
mocracy has issued a proclamation calling
for the observance of a national labor loy-
alty week in the United States, in connection
with the celebration of Lincoln’s birthday
anniversary this year. This should have a
hearty response, since one of the principal
purposes is to combat ‘‘the insidious forces
of pro-German and anti-American propa-
ganda.’’ There is, however, no occasion for
suspending necessary work in order to ob-
serve the week. The best possible way to
observe it, in fact, is to increase the outrut
of products that are essential to the winning
of the war. Nothing will hit the pro-German
or anti-American propaganda more power-
fully than an incresse in the shipment of
supplies to the front and to allied nations.

TALK LESS OF PRISON AFFAIRS

Among other good things in the January
number of The Bulletin, we note the follow-
ing article which we quote for the benefit of
our readers.

““The Bulletin is printed for the men of San
Quentin Prison and we will endeavor to print
such matter as will advance and better the
prisoners life. To that end, the least we cay
about priscns the better, for just as long as
a man thinks of prison, writes of prison, talks
of prison and 7eads of prison, just that much
longer will it take the law o¢f evolution and
civilized envirenments to erase from his
mind and actions  the brand and habits of
a prison experience.’’
