---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_023.jpg
---
ALASKA’S MINERAL WEALTH

It is estimated that Alaska produced $14,-
760,C00 worth of minerals in the year of1917.
These are the figures issued by the United
States Geological Survey, Department of
the Interior, and are based on estimates
made by G. C. Martin. The value of the
mineral output of Alaska in 1917, although
about $6,870,000 less than in 1916, was great-
er than in any other year. The most valuable
_mineral product in 1917 was copper, of which
88,200,000 pounds, valued at $24,000,000, was
produced. This is less than the output of
1916, which was 119,600,000 pounds, valued at
$29, 480,000, but is greater than that of any
other year. The reduction is due largely to
labor troubles, and is not necessarily perma-
nent. The gold produced in 1917, $15,450,000
of which $9,850,000 was derived from placer
mines, was also less than that produced in
1916, which was $17,240,000, and is the small-
est since 1904. The reduction was due chief-
ly to curtailment of operations because of
the scarcity of labor and the high cost of
materials, but in part to the disaster at the
Treadwell mine and the depletion of some of
the richer placers.

During the year Alaska also produced sil-
ver valued at $1,050,000, coal value at $300,-
000, lead valued at $160,000, tin valued at
$160,000, antimony valued at $40,000, and
tungsten, chromium, petroleum, marble, gyp-
sum, graphite and platinum valued at $600, -
000. During thirty-three years of mining
Alaska has produced more than $391,000,000
in zold, silver, copper andother minerals. Of
this amount $293,000,000 represents the value
of the gold, and $88,200,000 that of copper.

POOR AMIDST PLENTY

So prolific was the island of Mindoro, in
the Philippines, at one time in the production
of rice that it was popularly called ‘‘the grain-
ary of the Philippines. ’’ Sugar, cotton, hemp
and other crops thrive on the island when
properly cultivated. Yet its economic con-
ditions are extremely backward, and a large
part of its population is in a constant state
of poverty. It has altogether about 39,000 in-
habitants. Of the whole, more than 7,000
are pronounced savages, a large part of the
remainder are densely ignorant.

THE CURFEW BELL

The ringing of the curfew bell in ancient
davs was the signal for people to cover up
théir fires, put out their lights and go to bed.
The purpose was to prevent fires, which were
very common at the time, as most. of the
buildings were made of wood. Wilharp the
C)nyaeror is supposed tohave started FhlS cus-
tom in Eangland. In the summer tume the
bell wes rang at sunset, and in the winter
time at about 8 o’clock. Every one who did
not obey this signal was punished.

THE UMPIRE
THE CLARION CALL

Ye have heard his splendid slogan.
strengthening thy soul

For the struggle and the sorrow, and the
thunder clouds that roll

O’er the valley of thy pleasures and the hill-
tops of thy hopes,

And the mountains where ye dreamed of joy
above wild, wooded slopes?

Will ye heed thy leader’s clarion call and let
thy visions go,

While ye gird thy loins for battle and thy
arm to strike a blow?

Will ye face the truth and do the deed and go
where heroes lie

’Neath the snows that fall in Flanders?
for ye those heroes die.

Are ye

"Tis

"Tis for ye our prophet speaks his word and
bids the world awake

To the wonder of the war we wage the soul
of man at stake.

Why tarry ye my brothers? Ye should hast-
en to the gate,

Where the legiuns of the Lord of Hosts thy
speedy coming wait.

They have fought for ye and died for ye who
are not of thy blood;

They had stood, a dike in danger, that has
saved ye from the flood.

Awake! Awake, my brothers!
tain’s cry be heard!

Ie’d save thy soul alive for thee! Arise and
heed his word!

—FEdward S. Van Zile.

Let thy cap-

JAMS BY THE MILE

So enormous has the business of jam mak-
ing become in Dundee, Scotland, since the
great firms there organized to. supply pre-
serves to the British army and navy that ac-
cording to a report sent by E. R. Pottle, U.
S. vice counsel there, to the department of
commerce, the tins in which they put up one
week’s supply alone ‘‘would, if stood end on
end, form a column fully 40 miles high. It is
no unusual thing for this firm to deal with
100,000,000 oranges, and all kinds of fruit are
dealt with on a similar scale.”

The Dundee manufactures are about to
give up the use of earthernware, glass jars
and tins, for a stout cardboard container is
now being made and experiments with it have
proved highly successful.

CHINESE BELIEVE IN SEERS

No ene doubts the fortune teller in China.
His word is regarded as infallible. When he
becomes rich on the offerings of the credulous,
the Chinese reader of the future installs him-
self in luxuricus apartments. There, in a
darkened room, the wealthy visit him just
as the coolie did on the street.

Even a westerner becomes impressed with
the sense of mysticism when he enters one
of these chambers. About the wall hang red

and black curtains, embroidered with Chinese
characters. Strange, hideous faces of bronze
idols peer from dim recesses; wavering lights
flicker and cast portentous shadows. Spiral
rings of incense ascend and evolve into mys-
terious shapes.

In the center of the room sits the spect-
acled oracle. Before he talks some one in the
distance begins beating tom-toms; there are
ghostly cries as he consults the spirits, but
as he begins to speak in a monotone other
sounds discontinue and one can almost here
the knees of the superstitious patrons knock-
ing together in the semidarkness.

BEAUTIFYING THE POTATO

A. Hickman, an aged gardener of Eureka,
Cal., has succeeded in crossing the familiar
Irish potato with the dahlia, the combination
producing a species of potato which is be-
lieved to be far superior to that found ordi-
narily on the market. With the new potato
one may have flowers for the decoration of
his home and, when the plants have reached
maturity, potatoes for his dinner. The main
value of Hickman’s potato-dahlia comes frcm
the fact that the plant follows closely the
dahlia type and hence should be immune from
the blight, the great potato scourge of the
Northwest. The new potato is said to hLave
a flavor far superior to that of the ordinary
potato. It bears heavily.

THEIR FIRST APPLE TREE

Romance clings to the first apple tree of
the Northwest, still standing in Vancouver
Barracks, in the State of Washington. The
American Forestry Magazine cites historical
authority from London nearly 100 years ago.

At a lunch party in T.ondon about 1825,
given in honor of some young gentlemen who
were about to embark for Fort Vancouver,
in the employ of the Hudson Bay Company,
seeds of the fruit eaten were slyly slipped by
some young ladies into the waistcoat pockets
of the young men, and upon their arrival at
their destination the young men, in over-
hauling their wardrobes, discovered the
seeds and gave them to Bruce, the gardener
at the fort.

Ii is said that the seeds planted by the
gardener, Bruce, produced several trees,
three of which lived for a long time, and
were pointed out as the only apple trees in
the Northwest. In the course of time two ot
them disappeared, leaving the present tree
alone. Even the existence of this tree seems
to have been almost entirely forgotten by the
general public, not even the commander of
the barracks knowing that such a tree stood
on the ground which he controlled.

A good way to borrow trcuble is to go to
your neighbor who is in a peck of it and re-
lieve him of as muck as you can, ¢rd then
throw it away.
