---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_024.jpg
---
(Continued from page 1)

B 6282,7th Block + dozen Companicns
£ cosies o Inlaid Tea Trays

B 8156, 11th Block, 1 Inlaid Jewel Box 6.00
1635, 7th ¢“ 2 Wateh Charms .70
¢ 7834, 9th ¢ 3 Hooks & 1 Shell 2525
‘¢ 6567, 4th ¢“ 11 Rings & 1 Pin 4.05
¢ 6343, 12-2 Gallery 7 Rings & 1 Tidy 1.55

‘¢ 6263, 5th Block, 4 dozen Birds 1.00
¢ 8533, 11th  “‘“ 1 set of Toy Furniture 1.25
FR270, 7th - ‘¢ 1 Shawl 3.00
“ 6697, ‘“ “ 1Jewel Box 4.00
‘¢ 8248 10th ¢ 3 Rosaries 4.50
£4.8397 8th :¢‘ 1 Pincushion 3,00
““ 6563, 5th Gallery, 2 Wool Winders 5.00

3.00
2.10

7th Block, 6 Monkeys & 1 Boat
1st ‘“ 6 Signet Rings

3847,
7241,

3133 86th ‘¢ 1 Coaster 2.50
‘¢ 7664, 8th ¢“ 2 dozen Neckties 4.20
‘¢ 7180, 6th ¢¢ 1 Inlaid Jewel Box 6.00
‘“ 6449, 5th Gallery, 6 Signet Rings 2.10

(X3

3.00
6.00

8073, 11th Block, 1 Pillow Top

5735, 6th ‘¢ 2 Inlaid Tea Trays
7574, 11th 1 Pillow Top 3.00
7426, 12-1 Gallery, 6 Hand Bags 6.00

The First Szction, all duly provided with
tickets, appeared in force at the Hall on
Saturday last, and as not a man of them
asked to have his money back at the flnish,
we are forced to conclude that they liked the
entertainment provided for them. The Pro-
fessor, and his doughty Band started proceea-
ings with a lively march number; and then
the President made one of his infrequent,
and forceful speeches, and told the boys a
few things which he felt they ought to know:
particularly a certain Block which shall be
nameless. We feel sure that the Floor Dec-
" orator whose efforts on a preceding Saturday
were so conspicuously successful will work
only during Union hours in the future, and
leave his ‘‘cud’” at home. The opening Pic-
ture, was a five-reel Comedy, entitled ‘A
Man of Might.”” It had a (subdued) love in-
terest, and a pletora of Jaughs, and thrills,
and the audience found it very entertaining.
The idea seemed to be that a diet of beans,
joined to a little gentle exercise would enable
the most timid of men to save his fiance, his
fiance’s father, and his country in a crisis, by
simply shrugging his shoulders, but alas, for
us; the Picture gave us no hope of our ever
doing it upon a soup diet. The Flynn Kids,
courtesy of 3 $. Wolf, cpened the vauleville
program, and proved a delight to the ear,
and eye. It would have taken the both of
them together to have seen over the ordinary
board fence, yet they had all the grace and
charm of finished actors. Little Miss Fiynn's
dancing, and Master Flynn’s singing of ““Mr.
Charlie Chaplin’’ costumred as that famcus
movie Comedian were the features of their
““turn.”” They made a most pleasing impres-
sion upon the audience, and we extend to
them the sincere thanks of all who saw them,
and the most cordial of invitation to return,
and give those of our number who didn’t
have that pleasure, a chance. !

““Prince’’ Eagle-eye returned, and

6é
¢ [

3

-

was

THE UMPIRE

even better than on his previous appearance
particularly in the monolog portion of his act.
We thank H. R. H. for his very successful
effort for our entertainment, and assure him,
that did we possess any portion of his native
America, we would return it to him at once.
We can clearly see the justice of his prior
claim, for where as we came over on the
Mayflower, or perhaps the next boat, his
ancestors probably fell off the Ark. The
Reese Kids also re-appeared, and to them,
and to Miss Russell, we owe the most abject
of apologies, for our grievous error of the
past week, when we credited these interest-
ing artists to the Gaiety Theater, when it
should have heen the Garrick. It was a quite
unintentional error, due to our relatively
slight acquaintance with Norristown, the
only time we saw that ‘‘burg’® we were
going sixty miles an hour, with a ‘‘cop’”’
grasping at our coat-tails and entreating us
in a hoarse voice to halt, and give him an
interview, and we didn’t even see a theater,
But what boots it all, anyway, the Reese
Kids were good enough to face the boards of
any theater, and we are their most obliged,
with all of our fellows. Bates & Bagley,
Comedians, courtesy of Ted Riley, Phila.
Producing Co. closed the bill, and were very
well received. They were in costume, as a
bell-boy, and ‘‘coon’’ respectively, and their
songs, jokes, and dancing were all good,
and met with the heartiest applause. We
would be glad to have them back.

Mr. Horstmann, and Mr. Lafferty, of the
Board of Inspectors were present, and Mr,
Lafferty consented, at the request of the
President, to address the assemblage. He
was given an enthusiastic reception, and his
remarks were very much to the liking of his
hearers. He assured us his entire sympathy
with the Club, and its work, and promised us
his cordial support in our efforts to make
ourselves better men. We are glad of his
encouragement, and thankful for his sym-
pathy and we pledge him our utmost effort to
make good. He said that all the Board of
Inspectors expected of us, wasthat we should
really try, and keep onr word to do better,
for to paraphrase the words of a great Poet,
““It is better to have tried, and failed; than
never to have tried at all.”” We hope that Mr.
Lafferty will never have cause to regret the
confidence he has placed in us, and we assure
him, speaking for the Club, that we will,
everyone of us, strive to continue deserving
of his good opinion.

Our old friend Miss Angellotti returned to
us on Saturday, and collaborated with Jimmy
the local ‘“Music Master’ in ‘accompanyiné

the acts. We are glad to have her with us;and_

ber return is only another proof of the old
proverb, that “‘It’s an ill wind,
nobody gccd.”’
Next Saturday, Feb. 2, the 2d section, will
be out as follows, 7G, 5G, 5B, 3B, 4G, 4B,
—B. 8266 Secretary.

that bl
oOwWSs M

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN
Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office

when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. &
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. et
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block. _
HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block. ey
FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block. -
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand
B 3847, 7 B.

pqulaqgg foiri'd]’ad’iies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.ﬁ
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B6623, 7th Block. ,
TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block. L S e g

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. R 7507, 3rd Block. ot
WANTED-—One heavilv upholstered rocking-
chair. _Price rieht. B 7959, 12-1st Gallery.
FOR SALE—Four gold fish and aquarium.
Cheap. B 5949, 1st Block.

FOUND-—Part of a broken gold spectacle.
Inqpir_e : kC}A)aplain.

o e e et s LA

T m——

Philadelphia, Pa.
January 12, 1918.

B 8266, Secretary,

Honor & Friendship Club,
Eastern State Penitentiary, Phila.,

My dear Secretary:

Acknowledging your favor
advising me that I have been elected to Hon-
orary Membership in the Honor and Friend-
ship Club I beg to state I consider it a privi-
lege to be invited to accept membership in
your Club.

I am in thorough sympathy
with the purpose of your Club and desire to.
do all in my power to ascist every effort put
forth for the betterment of mankind. I be-
lieve you and vour chlleagues are doing splen-
did work and it is my pleasure to give my
personal endorsement to your work, believ.
ing that the influane= for good surrounding,
the men of your Club, by reason of the Prin-
ciples advocated by it, will result in a lasting
benefit not only to your members, but will
extend beyond its confines ¢nd in a measure
will be a lasting benefit to mankind.

Kindly convey my good
wishes to your Officers and members and
state that I look forward with pleasure to
meeting you some time to express in person
my pleasure at being elected an Honorary
ember of your Club.

With kinaest thoughts and
best wishes believe me,
Very truly yours,
E. J. LAFFERTY.
