---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_025.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, February 6, 1913

NO. 6

GOVERNMENT CALLS
FOR MORE WOOL

From the appeal of the United States
Department of Agriculture to the farmers
to raise more sheep, we gather the fact that
the amount of wool needed for clothing and
outfitting our armies will exceed the entire
wool production of the United States. In
the last three years the total number of sheep
in the country has decreased 1,200,000, and
the wool yield bhas fallen off nearly 5,000, 000
pounds. In 1916 the amount of wool pro-
duced was barely 39 per cent. of that manu-
factured, and the deficiency is fast becoming
greater as the needs of our fighting men in-
crease. It should never be made up freely
of shoddy for uniforms and blankets. The Sen-
ate Com nittee on Military Affairs has shown
how keen unscrupulous dealers are to trick
the Government. Quartermaster-generals
swathed in red tape are no match for them.

Qix out of seven farms in thiscountry raise
no sheep. The Government urges the farm-
ers to lend their aid in the pressing emergency.
Every one of them who raises twenty sheep
provides the wool for one soldier’s apparel.
As they have fed the American armies, they
must do their utmost also to clothe them.

SEEKS AMERICAN FARM LABOR

A correspondent writes that Canada,
through her official channels, has been making
a secret effort to induce American farmlabor
to leave the western farms and accept em-
ployment in the western provinces of the
Dominion, says the Evening Post in the course
of an article this afternoon in which official
documents are reproduced to substantiate the
charge.

The proposal of the Canadian Government
is contained in a confidential circular issued
from the office of the chief censor at Ottawa
on Januery 19, and Canadian editorsare urged
to keep the campaign for farm help at the ex-
pense of the States a secret.

LITTLE TOWNS AHEAD OF PHILA.

The small towns throughout the State are
far ahead of Philadelphia when it comes to
the good old-fashioned spirit of patriotism,
said Hector McQuarrie last night at the
twenty-fifth anniversary dinner of the Phil-
adelphia Lehigh Club in Kugler’s restaurant.

McQuarrie, a lieutenant in the Canadian
army, is now a member of the National
Bureau, tcuring the country to

Speakers’
German propaganda.

assist in counteracting

‘““Why the enthusiasm you find in all those
little towns,”” he continued, ‘‘s simply
wonderful. It must be that those people still
feel the spirit of Valley Forge. In England
itself you cannot find the same war enthu-
siasm.”’

Lieutenant Henri Marquisan, of the French
Aviation, made one of the finest addresses
he has delivered in the United States. He
said America already had more than repaid
the debt she owed to France.

RADIO DIRECT TO FRANCE

Late news from Washington announces that
direct radio communication between Wash-
ington and American Army headquarters in
France will be made possible this year with
the completion of the $2,250,000 radio now
being built in France by the Navy Depart-
ment, which has charge of all radio com-
munication. At the close of the war under
arrangements made, the station willbe taken
over by the French Government.

Available French stations are not of suf-
ficient power for transatlantic communica-
tion; at least on the scale desired by the
United States.. As a result, the cables have
been crowded with Government messages to
and fro, even during the night hours. It is
anticipated that the new station will be fin-
ished in August, and by working with the
Arlington, Va., station or the new high-
power plant at Annapolis, the radio system
will afford quick relief.

SEVEN JOBS AND READY EXCUSE

A local report is to the effect that a prison-
er named Meyer Frank, of New York city,
appeared before United States Commissioner
Edmunds to answer a charge of defrauding
the Government out of $500 in attempting to
hold seven positions at the Hog Island ship-
building plant and collecting the money.

In his testimony before Commissioner Ed-
munds Frank said that when he signed the
alleged confession it was because he wanted
his handcuffs taken off, as they hurt him.

He testified that he had asked Paul Brown,
of the Hog Island Secret Service Bureau, to
take them off and that Brown had refused
unless he would sign the confession.

Commissioner Edmunds refused to consider
the confession and held him under $750 bail
for a hearing before the United States Dis-
triet Court in March.

The worst educaticn which teaches self-
denial is better than the best which teaches
everything else and not that.

PAROLED MAN'S RANK
SAVED BY GOVERNOR

A late news report from New York, an-
nounces that Governor Whitman was con-
fronted with an unusual situation when he
suddenly found himself in the executive
chamber face to face with a man in an army
officer’s uniform. The man told the Govern-
or that although he was a captain in the
army and he had been recommended for pro-
motion to major and expected to go to France
next week he was in great distress.

“I am well beyond the draftage,’’ he said,
“‘but when this country entered the war 1
went to a training camp and have been stead-
ily advanced since.

““All my life I have tried to be on the
square, but I fell several years ago. 1 was
sentenced to State’s prison and three years ago
you paroled me. I thought your act had re-
stored me to citizenship, but I learned it did
not.

‘“Several weeks ago men of my home
town, Brooklyn, threatened to reveal to the
army authorities I am an ex-conviet and con-
sidered a felon. I couldn’t afford to fight
them, and knowing you would give me a
square deal, I came here.

‘“You want to be restored to citizenship
and you shall be,’’ said the Governor.

A few minutes later the captain walked
out of the executive chamber armed with
a Governor's pardon restoring him to citizen-
ship.

LABOR TO RULE AFTER WAR

It is announced in a Boston despatch that
Charles W. Elliot, president emeritus of Har-
vard and one of the ecountry’s deepest think-
ers on both social and industrial econcmics,
agrees with Charles M. Schwab, president of
the Bethlehem Steel Corporation, who recent-
ly declared that the ‘‘men without property’’
will soon rule the world. But Mr. Elliot dves
not confine himself to workers alone; he adds
thinkers. Here is his comment on the rule-
of-the-workers prediction:

‘T find the statement attributed to Mr,
Schwab a little obscure and somewhat mis-
leading, doubtless because he was inaccurately
reported. However,Tagree with thestatement
attributed to him that the wurkers are going
to rule; but under the term ‘workers’ 1 in-
clude the thinkers, teachers, inventors snd
managers, and I expect that in the future, as
in the recent past, this latter class of work-
ers will do most of the ruling and most of the
solving of the great economic questions now
being conducted, at least in free countries,”’
