---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_026.jpg
---
" .avers,

- deeds and ministering to. others;

- I would be

2

THE UMPIRE

______—.——-—-————-————__—K—__——_——_—__——————__——__—————-—_

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

e .every Wednesday. .

‘Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
_ _Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

-All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who wxll see to their delivery.

L Toi msure attention, all articles must be ‘signed with the
‘writer’s number. .

 The Editor will be résponsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Edltor

¢ Philadelphia, February 6, 1918
““Courage and intelligence are the qualities
best worth cultivation; courage-banishes fear
©  and intelligence bids us hope for the best.”’

KEEP ON FORGING AHEAD

It is generally understood-that there is

hardly anything worth while that-can be ac-
complished unless we make a continuous ef-
fort to accomplish the object of one’s aim.

One may recall t6 mind-that as-a child it was

only after-repeated efforts that success fol-
lowed an endeavor to master some more or
less intricate subjeet-at school,-and the pleas-
- ing:- sense- of-victory ‘as-success: loomed up on
actual- accomphshment

- Those*who-are really successful in. llfe do

- not-give Wp when their tasks become dlfﬁcult
quite the oppesite. They forge ahead belle_v-
“ing that in applying: interest. in- the accom-
plishment of-a worthy  6bject :in* the. behalf

““of humanity: the accomplishment justifies tke
- “&aerifice of personal comfort. -

" Wé do not mean-to convey the-idea that

one should neglect their own welfare in an
effort.to help others, but that a fusion of
interests can be worked out thzt would be of
‘mutual benefit. .And as a well known writer

worshipers—to spend:-their lives praising the

all the while the development. of. tneir ewn
- careers-as useful -and worth-while - citizens,

~expecting much of others, but excusing every

~fault in themselves—the world would be. full
cof failures.’ ' :

To be sure it is an. easy thmg to claim

virtues in ourselves that are only shams; to
- encourage in our minds such thoughts as—if
I were in the other fellow’s place, how keen
‘at this or that. But when a
real opportunity.comes running along offering
-us a chance to prove our jpower of: apphca—
tion, we very often fail.

© “In developing in ourselves the power of
perseverance we must put aside those make-
believe virtues and set out with a determina-
- tion'to succeed. in the face of great diffi-
~culties, rather. than to be content always

: -1, :with the doing of- those things which are

easiest.

‘‘if everybody decidcd to be hero-

““The mere thinking that we will do a par-
ticular thing, or that we would do ‘it under
some other circumstances, does not mean at
all that it is done. To think.only,.and not to
do, will tend to. weaken our character and
power of perseverance. This not only applies
to the larger obligations, but also to the im-
portant smaller duties which present them-
selves to be done every day.’’

FAME FOUND IN TRIFLES

1t is awful not to be understood. Nobody
knows that so well as the people who regu-
larly write for the papers. Their best things
generally are never appreciated, nor even
mentioned, by the great public, while fre-
quently the trifles that they toss off merely
to fill up space are taken up and make a
great hit, says the Boston Transcript.

Everybody knows the history of the way in
Wthh William Allen White won his national
reputation. He had been whackmg away
with his editorials in the Emporla Gazette

for years, sweatlng blood and wasting the .

mldmght kerosene in an attempt to wake up
the community and win fame and fortune.

He had put the best he had in him mto arti=

cles whlch came out, and were spread before
the commumty in double shaded type-—and
which never, made a peep, as far as general
apprec1at10n was concerned. ~
Finally he. became all tired ‘out, and re-

-solved to. shake the dust of Emporia from
his feet for a month and go off to rest.
in order to aehleve that blessed relief, he had :

But

to write four edltorlals and a lot of other

stuff ahead to keep the page going ‘while he

was away. Of this, he made the very light-
est and most perfunctory task he could He
rewrote four of his old artxcles and tossed
off idly two or three others.
felt, would do.

the foreman to pull off as.lt_was_ needed.. - At
the bottom of the pile he put what he regard-

the ed as a particularly punk thing, an article
neglecting : : '

which he headed {*What'’s the ‘_Ma.t;vter With

Kansas?’—put it last, because he really: in-

tended to get back before the printers came.
to that, and to write. somethlng better in..its
place. .
But he found the vacatlon more allurlng,
than he thought. He outstayed. h1s time—
and ‘‘What’s the Matter With Kansas?’’ was
printed. It was copied from one end of "the
country.to another; it was read in - Congress;
it'became the centre of controversy, even. of
political action, and it made White famous..

SERBIAN FAITH
There is inﬁnitepathos in the words and

acts of the members of the Serbian War Mis-
sion at the grave of Washington.

not in despair, in_the WOQdS at Valley Forge,

_again.”’

Anythmg, he - -
~Just think; he: scrawled -it,
all down and hung the stuff up on a hook for

Laying‘
his wreath on the tomb - of the soldier. and
patroit who prayed in. hunger and. cold but 4

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band room i

Dr Vesnltch the head of that mission, sald
“With God’s help we will triumph as he tri-

umphed.”’  If there are any people in the
world who mlght be justified in applying to
themselves the ‘words that were spoken of
Job ofvold, “Dost thou still "retain thine ia-
tegrity? Curse God and die,”” it is ‘the Ser-
bian people.” They seem to be abandoned by
God and men. But we see them, in the
person of their official representatives, re-
jecting this counsel of desperation- and ex-
pressing, though they have scarcely one foot
of ground of their own in all the ~world to
stand upon ‘a faith that Justlce and right
will yet be done to them. $

““We have been crucified,”” says thls leader
ofuthes gallant Serbs, “‘but we shall rise
** Thé spirit of these people is-an ex-
ample to the" world and especially -to “Ameri-
cans, “whose own homiés and ‘whose shrines
are beyond harm’s‘reach, but whose duty to
strike for the great cause of right in which
the Serbs have sacrificed themselves in zll
the more- lmperatxve by reason of our very
1mmun1ty ; i

ROYAL PREISTESS

The most arlstocratlc rellglous mstltutlon
in the world is that located at Prague, Aus-
tria.. Only a princess of the 1mper1a1 family
can: be appomted as its abbess. In a few
cases, when ladies of less. arlstocratlc birth
have been chosen for the position, they have

always been of noble.birth and have enjoyed

the right to the title of royal hxghness The
abbess is.installed in office by a solemn cere-

- mony, which.is attended by all the high dig-
nitaries of the church and state and an arch-

duke to represent theempe_ror at the_ service.
RELICS OF SAXON KINGS

Capt. Vaughan Williams of Old Windsor
has discovered what he believes to be the
site of the palace of the Saxon kings and the
pre-conquest town of Windsor. It is believed

~ that there once stood at Old Windsor the

palace of Edward the Confessor, but although
s_everal Saxon urns have been excavated here
from time to time the actual position of the

palace has never been decided.

.Tlghe and Davis, in their ‘‘Annals of Wind-
say that Old Windsor was probably
