---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_027.jpg
---
. thousand, and

THE UMPIRE

3

selected by the Saxon kings as a residence
for the same reason as it was subsequently
repurchased by William the Conqueror, on
account of its convenience for hunting in the
forest. Thelands of Windsor, granted by
Edward the Confessor and exchanged by the
abbot of Westminster with William, appear

to have had reference to Old Windsor, and:

did not include the site of the present town
or castle. King William held Old Windsor as
hls own demesne.

- HOW MARBLES ARE MADE
-Most ‘““marbles’’ are made of clay. ‘‘Glass
of course, are made of glass;

agute, to some extent, enters into the manu-
f ‘ure of special and finer ‘‘marbles.”’

First rolls of cluy are deposited evenly in a
trough, says Capper’s Weekly, and a work-
man cuts them into cubes, according to the
order. The cutting is done with a saw. Sev-
en rolls of clay will, generally speakinrg,
form over 200 little cubes: and it is from
"these cubes that the ‘‘marbles’’ are rolled.

When the cubes have been cut ‘they are
~ placed in a an ordinary tin pan -and turned
over to the workers, generally girls.

y all(..('lQ’ 22

one at a time, in a groved plaster-of-paris
mould. The size of the groove depends upon
the size of the ‘‘marble’” to be made. - When
‘there is one clay cube in each groove a plas-

© ter oblong block is adjusted-in positicn on top. -

- of the cubes and pushed forward ‘and back-
~ ward until the-clay cubes become round and
~are rolled true. This operation takes but
little time. The top block islifted and the clay
‘“‘marble,”’ in its ‘‘green’’ state,
in a tray.
A worker who has acqulred
“work can,
000 a day. ‘‘Marbles’ are counted by weight
also by the cubic foot.” The small clay
““marble,’”” measuring nine- s1xteenths of an
inch in diameter, weighs 6% pounds to the
is colored at the. rate of

200,000 every 8 minutes.

skill in her

HARNESSING FOUNTAIN PENS

| E A. Van Wynen chief clerk of the Sotth- -

ern Pacific’s pay check bureau has designed

the “War Pen’’ designed to' facilitate: his- -

work. Van Wynen has the unique task of
signing approximately 100, 000 pay checks per
month. The rush of war work has caused
time to be the most precious commodity dealt
in by the Southern Pacific. Also every <de-
partment has been compelled to devise means
of offsetting the shortage of help.

So Van Wynen harnessed five fountain pens
together in tuch a way that he could sign
five separate checks at the same time. He
proposes to add a pen for every clerk who
leaves him to go to the war. He is now
-signing 2;000-checks-an hour and not worrying.

while

A hand-~
ful of cubes is picked up and these are placed-

~is placed

it 1S sald ‘make from 25,000 to 30, -

MOTHER’S PRAYER

When I knelt before the altar
In my innocence and youth;
And resolved to never falter
In the utterance .of truth,
There were prayers to heaven ascending,
Asking grace for.me, and care,
With the song of angels blending—
’Twas a loving mother’s prayer.
And, although I pine for pleasure -
And forget my early days,
Still I know I have a treasure,
Still I feel that some one prays;
For when sin or sorrow nears ime,
~Worldly comfort seems to flee;
Then the holy thought that cheers me
Is, my mother prays for me.
Oh, how light we prize the jewel
Which is ours in joy or tears!
And how often are we cruel
In our young and thoughtless years.
We can only have one mother.
- When her spirit leaves us here
We can never. find .another:
Who to us will be so dear.
So I think of her.whe bore me,
She who fondly.called me -child;
For her:face isistill-before -me . .
Like an angel’s, calm and mild:
And though far away. I’m straylng, :
She shall ne’er forgotten be, - s
For a voice within keeps saying.
That my mother prays for me.

A LAUGH ..

A laugh is just like music,
It freshens =ll the day,
It tips. the peaks of life w1th llght
" And drives the clouds away;
The soul | grows glad that hears it,
And feels its courage strong—— :
A laugh is just like sunshine
"For cheering folks along ‘

A laugh is just like musm
It lingers in the. heart
Axud where its melody is heard
The ills of life depart
. And happy thoughts come crowdlng
Its joyful notes to gleet~__ a0
A laugh is just. ]1ke music s idee <
- - For makmg the llfe sweet 33
—]he Fmend.

ESKIMOS AS SF‘AL HUNTERS :

The Esklmo method of hunting seals is a
primitive calling improved to a-fine art,
writes a naturalist. When a seal is discov-

- ered the direction of the wind is‘at once noted.

Then the hunter, keeping himself to the lee-
ward of the seal, walks up to within about a
quarter of a mile of it. Beyond this he be-
gins to crouch and advances only- when the
seal’s head is down. '

Now, as the seal is one of the most wide-

.. forward on his elbows.
- continues for some time, until the distance

-awake of animals and has the habit of throw-

ing up its head quickly every few seconds to
guard against danger, it follows that the Es-
kimo has to be extremely alert if he would
get his seal. When the seal’s head is down
upon the ice its eyes are shut, and it is said
that in these brief intervals it takes 1ts sleep

The hunter, by carefully watching the
seal’s movements, is able without much diffi-
culty to get within about 20v yards of it, but
at closer quarters he is obliged to employ
other tactics. He lies down at full length on
the ice. Then the real sport begins.

When the seal’s head is down the hunter,
who keeps a keen eye on his prey, is able to
approach still nearer by dragging himself
This maneuvering

between man and beast has been reduced to
a few yards.

When: near enough to make a sure shot,
the Eskimo takes his bow and arrow from
his side and sends a sw1ft shaft through the
head of its outwitted companion.

A RIVER OF INK
A river of ink is formed'in Algeria by the
union of two streams, the water of ‘one being
impregnated with iron and the other, which

" drains a great swamp, with gallic acid. This

combmatlon of i iron and ‘acid forms a pure
ink. All rlvers in Africa seek the' ocean that

is furthest away from their source

In Slberla rivers flow over- ice, old and solid

B —The Re'z) Walliam szngston.-- as. rock ‘A tributary of the Lena River has

‘ 'under the SO]l whlch forms the bed of the river

pureé ice more than nine feet-thick. " A° freak
of nature is the Lost River in Kentucky Jts

" is known as the Hidden river, ‘because no one

knows its origin and it vanishes into a cave
]eadmg no-one knows where. It flows with-
out-a rlpple and is a pale bluish -color.-

A singing well is one of “the natural curi-
osities of Texas.” In fine weather a sound

- 1ike that of an aeolian harp is given out by

the well. then
it recedes‘

: THE LARGE SNAKES OF BRAZIL

The largest snakes known are found in
Braz1l, and one would have to go far into the
interior to find them. They are found in the
immense valley of the Amazon river and its
tributaries, -observes a naturalist..- This ex-
tensive basin, being low. ground consists
partly of swamps and- forest Jung}e into
which white mep seldom_penetrate - The for-
est and vegetation are so dense that the sun
cannot get through to the ground, and being
right under the equater, the contirual, op-
pressive, moist heat makes this jungle and
swamps the ideal breeding place for the big
snakes and other reptiles.

However, of the 180 varieties of snakes
known in Brazil, not 10 per.cent are ven-
omous, and of these very few of thebig ones.
Of the non-venomous ones the largest and
the best known is the boa constrictor.

At tirnes:the sound is clear,
