---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_028.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

p

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates,
January 29, the following were admitted to
membership in the Club: B 8975, 8971, 6282,
8953, 8979, 8963, 8961, 8964, 8968 8974, 8976,
8977, 8973, 8980, 8978, 10c; 8950 50c; 7959
$2.00. We admire the courage of the latter
gentleman, as we feel sure The Income Tax
Collector will be looking him up.

During the week, Loans of $5.00 each were
made to B 7545 and B 5783. The Treasurer’s
Report showed a Balance of $106.87 in the
Treasury. This makes ours a Sinking Fund,
in more senses than one, and we fear an as-
sessment will have to be made in the near
future; unless some new source of revenue
can be found. Any member who wishes to
become a statistican, a la Mr. Cattell; may
become so with the least percentage of
trouble by ordering a World Almanac from
the Club, at 30c each; the Almanacs we
mean, are worth 30c a piece, and not the
members.

ENTERTAINMENT

Saturday’s show though abit delayed in the
starting, was one of the best of the season,
and both Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa, de-
serve Carnegie Medals, for appearing at all,
as do all our other friends who braved the
dangers and rigors of the street to be with
us on Saturday. It is reported that it is
easier to cross the Rhine than some of the
streets in this city; and that the most of
them resemble those of a French village
after the Huns have ‘‘peacefully penetrated’’
it.

The picture of the afternoon, was one that
suited the audience to a T (-bone steak, we
were almost guilty of saying) being a Wm.
S. Hart feature; entitled The Square Deal
Man; and not even ‘‘Teddy’’ himself could
have led a more ‘‘strenuous life.”” It was
Border Life as the ‘‘movies’’ make it, and
the average number of corpses to the Reel
was six. The Mexican villian looked as vil-
lianous as any poli-tician we ever saw, and the
heroine would have added the last straw to
St. Anthony’s burden. A very good Picture,
indeed, Mr. Kraupa.

Miss Russell and Miss Angellotti, having
arrived safely, the vaudeville portion of the
afternoon’s program was staged; first act
being Bates & Begley; the ‘‘Smoke,”” and
the ‘““‘Bell hop’”’ in a return engagement.
Their singing ‘‘My Mind’s Made Up to
Marry Caroline’” seemed to be most appre-
ciated by the audience, who doubtless ad-
mired their courage from having had experi-
ence with ‘‘Carolines’’ of their own. Any
way it was a good act, and we are properly
grateful to Messrs. Bates and Begley for
their work.

It was at the close of this ‘“turn’’ that our
“‘watchful waiting’’ was rewarded, ard Mr.
T,afferty appeared in the ‘‘offing’’ with the
speaker of the afternoon, Mr. E. J. Cattell,

City Statistician, who had kindly consented
to address us. Mr. Cattell is a famous after-
dinner speaker, and fully lived up to his rep-
utation; about the dinner our lips are sealed
but the speech was at least all right.

Mr. Cattell, was briefly introduced by Mr.
Lafferty, who stated that he was glad to be
with us again. Mr. Cattell spoke in a happy
vein for some fifteen minutes, combining in-
formation, wit, and good counsel in the most
charming manner imaginable. We are only
sorry that every inmate did not get the
chance to hear him, and we beg to tender
him the most sincere thanks of all who heard
him.

We are the more indebted to Mr. Lafferty,
who was the ‘‘Deus ex machina’’ in the for-
mer instance, by his having secured for us the
official War Pictures, which are to be shown
here next Saturday, when we will be able to
experience the thrills of war without having
to dig a ‘‘darn’’ trench, which we believe is
the reason why the most of usare a bit back-
ward about enlisting. Speaking for ourselves
we would much rather get a bullet, than a
blister.

Mr. Stanley Henry, Singing Composer,
appearing by courtesy of the McKinley
Music Company, gave the second act on the
program, singing several of his own songs,
notably ‘“The Fighting Navy of the Good Old
U. S. A.” and ‘‘Giddy, Gie-up, We are On
Qur To War,’” a ‘“‘Rube Ballad.”” The audi-
ence approved very highly of Mr. Henry’s
efforts, and wish him all success.

Mr. Lou Ross, the ‘‘Irish Rabbi,”’ appear-
ing through the courtesy of R. H. Cross,
made a hit with his parodies on popular songs,
his jokes, and ‘‘patter’’. His versicn of
“My Dream of the U. S. A”’. and ‘“They Go
Wild, Simply Wild Over Me’’ was very funny,
indeed, and we are very much in Mr. Ross’s
debt by reason of him having given us some
fifteen minutes of pure fun; and we extend
to him, in the name of all those that did not
get a chance to see him, the most hearty of
invitations to return.

The Four Merry Youngsters; courtesy of
Mr. Normand Jeffries, of the Keith Syndi-
cate, closed the “‘Bill,”’ and were jest as
good as their name implies. Their singing,
both solo and quartetnumbers was excellent.
The Solo, ‘‘Say a Prayer for the Boys Out
There’’ appealed particularly to us, as sug-
gesting to usa way to win the war. The
dancing of the two younger members of the
quartet would have been no discredit to
“‘Castle House,’’ and we feel perfectly safe
in predicting a brilliant future for these
youthful performers. In the meantime let us
hope that they will be able to come back, and
entertain those who were so unfortunate to
have missed seeing them Saturday.

Next Saturday, Feb. 9th, the First Section
will be out as follows: 6B, 6G, 12B, 12G-1,
12G-2, 10B, 11B, 1B, 9B, 8B.

—B 8266, Secretary.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ‘““Ad’”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. !
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block. :
HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block. b
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand
screws, and 1 large jack plane. B 3t47, 7 B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block. E
TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

WANTED— One heavily upholstered rocking-
chair. Price right. B 7959, 12-1st Gallery.
FOR SALE—Four gold fish and aquarium.
Cheap. B 5949, 1st Block.

WATCHES, clocks, phonographs ¢nd other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscientious
wqumanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.
PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079,
1st Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all
complete with accessories. Will instruct
purchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the proflits. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit
hand bags in many different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work
guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Phonograrh with two horns and
eight records in gocd condition. Price. ¥R 00,
Alsn fanev inlaid bpxes. B 7308, 11th BIk.
FOR SAT.E—815 Vietrola with & good ree-
ords purchased new six monthe ago, and nseq
onlv bv nartv going out. B R703. 12th Blk.
FOR SAT.E—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to 20 on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

”-

