---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_029.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

: Philadelphia, February 13, 1918

NO. 7

U. S. WANTS 100,000 MEN FOR
NAVAL RESERVE SERVICE

It is announced in a recent dispatch from
Washington that the Government is seeking
100,000 men between 18 and 21 and those past
31 years, to enlist in the U. S Naval Reserve
service. Lieutenant-Commander Frederick
R Payne, senior enrolling officer of the
Naval Reserve Recruiting Station, in this
city, has been instructed to use every en-
deavor to enlist men for service at home and
abroad, and to work as mechanics andhelpers
in the Naval Aircraft Factory at the Phila-
delphia Navy Yard, in the auxiliary service,
and for duty in connection with submarine
patrols and in fact all branches of the ser-
vice. Special attention being paid to those
who desire immediate service abroad or
afloat in foreign waters. Those making such
request will receive assignments at once, and
if not fully qualified at present they will be
intensively trained so that they may get
such asssignment as early as possible.

As the Government order states, there is
practically no class of skilled artisan or cler-
ical work that cannot be utilized immediately.
The aviation service at home and abroad re-
quires the most mén at the present time.
Under existing conditions no branch of the
service offers quicker and greater opportu-
nity for advancement than the Naval Re-
serve service.

WAR MEDALS TO NAVY MEN

A Washington correspondent writes that
Secretary Daniels has announced the award
of medals of honor to Seamen Ora Graves,
of Maxwell, N. M., and Tedford H. Cann, of
New York city, for extraordinary heroism.

An explosion aboard the U. 8. S. Pitts-
burgh, December 23, threw Graves to the
deck, but he extinguished burning waste
near powder in the casemate.

Cann entered a flooded compartment of the
United States patrol vessel May on Novem-
ber 5, stopped a leak and saved the vessel
from sinking. Cann is the first naval re-
servist to receive a medal of honor.

The eminent English physicist, Thompson,
explains the phenomenon giving radium its
name as a gradual loss of some of the ions of
its atomic system, and thus is explained the
evidence that its rays behave more like mat-
ter than like the waves of heat and light.

WOMEN TO DO FARM WORK

It is announced that plans are being defi-
nitely formulated to place women for farm
work and to organize a Uuit System for their
maintenance while at work.

It is urgently requested that patriotic land
owners who have facilities for housing such
groups of women (there will be about 20 to
30 women in a Unit) and whko are desirous
of helping this movement to increase food
production, communicate with the land Serv-
ice Department, Woman's Committee, Coun-
cil of National Defense, 1607 Walnut street,
as soon as possible.

It should be understood that all land and
housing facilities offered must be rent free
as the agencies at work on this plan have not
large enough funds to pay rent.

COLORED MOTION PICTURES
BY A NEW PROCESS

According to a recent announcement a new
method of making mction pictures in natural
colors was shown at a private view in this
city. The inventor is Leon F. Douglass, a
Californian, who has devoted more than a
decade to the development of his idea, which
he has now reduced to such a simple and com-
paratively inexpensive process that it has a
decided commercial value.

In previous methods it has been necessary
to utilize a color filter on the projection ma-
chine, but in the case of Mr. Douglass’s in-
vention the ability to create natural color ef-
fects exist in the film itself, which when once
made by his process can be run through the
ordinary projection machine of any photo-
play house. The method employedin hisnew
plan is too technical to be gone into here and
besides, owing to pending patents, not all
its secrets are divuiged by the inventor.

Suffice it to say that the exhibition was in
many respects quite a revelation of what is
possible along these lines and some of the
slight faults noticeable were probably due to
the imperfect conditions under which the
pictures were shown. There were some won-
derful effects nevertheless, particularly in
views taken in Yosemite Park, where rain-
bows were seen in all their fairylike delicacy
and at the Grand Canyon of the Colorado,
where the varying color aspects of this titan
among chasms were reproduced with almost
perfect. fidelity.

Angels are good companions for a ecrisis,
but for everyday use the warm, touchable,
sympathetic friend is as necessary as oxygen
for the blood.

THINKERS WILL RULE
AFTER THE WAR

In one of the reception rooms of a well
known New York city club, a group of ef-
ficiency experts and scientific men were dis-
cussing the war as being the necessity that
will bring about some startling developments,
says a correspondent of that city recently.

If the sprinkling of progressive lights were
not stamped by genius, it is probable that an
ordinary bystander would have tapped his
forehead knowingly.

One of them was telling about a scientist
who is already telephoning to airplanes with-
out wires. And another quoted a famous in-
ventor who said that it would only be a short
while until all telephone wires would be abol-
ished as unessential.

““The fact is’’ he said ‘‘that telephone
wires do not in reality carry our messages.
Every scientist knows that. Back of all is
the great process of thought which we are
only beginning feebly to understand.

‘““The more we delve into this process of
thought—whatever it is—the more we come
to the conclusion that the material phe-
nomena is the projection of thought. We
know that every material thing comes from
a thought or an idea.

‘““We are arriving at the conclusion that
even space is thought, for we are annihilating
space every day through a thinking process.
It will not be many generations before every
ship at sea is controlled by thought from
shore. Our trains are going to be run with-
out fuel, and we are going to grow gasoline
just like we raise corn.’’

FAINT NOT UNTIL YOU TRY

It is not so—you ean regain your place.

One fall brings not defeat. Norloss.

Unless your conscience stings

From some fell thing you did,

And drives you on to slink along with

Those who prowl in darkened corners

Fearsome of remorse and haunting visions
grim. '

You can regain your place in life,

For none but you can say

How you shall climb, or why.

If weak you slip and fail to grasp the rung,

Then try anew to blaze away and

Conquer all the handicaps in equal pace
With winners in the race of life.
Faint not until you try,—and try

Until you win your place again.
—S. T. H.
