---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_030.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

#_

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devotea to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss. —Ongma] matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable,and will e~ published” as needed. ~Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned

All oommumcatlons from inmates should be addressed
The 'Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. .

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.-

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on -this page.

B 7413 Edltor

Ph]ladelphla, February 13, 1918.
7

“Practice courtesy, which oils the way of
life, and wins the respect of all.””’
_—-—_-_—____————————‘_—_—_‘—_—'_ﬁ.
HOW MUCH GENUINE AMERICANISM?

Many of‘us have a running idea that much
which has been taken for granted in the past
as to our efficiency and industrial supremacy,

has had its source from an over- sanguine’

disposition to take things at their face value,
and accredit- worth where it did not actually
exist, other than in the minds of a few fa-
vored ‘‘captains of industry.”’

Undoubtedly many of us have been filling

our thoughts with this sort of over confidence
the larger part of our lives. ‘“We have been
tryingito seem what we are not— to look

richér, wiser; and more important than prov--

idence and fortune have made us.”” - This
may seem a harmless bit of pretense,
usually leads to-undue- extravagance and’ to
our social-and-financial ruin in-the end. -

At the present time there is a new brand
of pretense ‘‘thats insidious and dangerous
in this country that we might ecall patriotic
pretense,’’ avers a well-known--author. As
we sée it, the German propaganrdist acelaimred
himself as an apostle of democracy; -thes un-
faithfu].,Senat()l"d‘ecla‘res.h'irr‘)self' as a watch-
dog of the treasury, an entertainer of ex-
travaganc¢es and-a gudrdian  of the sacred:
rights of the  people over
sters who seek to have enacted laws for the
benefit of the few over the many. Then
there is the profiteer, who fortifies himself
with a few ‘liberty bondé in ordeér- that he’

may pose as'a patriot;- while at-the same’

time:he seeks to hide his nefarious motives

unaer the plea, ‘‘because of the war.”

There follows numerous others who. lie awake -

nights to think out some scheme to
over the other fel]ow
cause of the war,”” so thele w1ll be no chance
for a‘“come back:”*

As a contemporary aptly remarks,
is about seven hundred and seventy-seven
brands of patriotic blufl goirg the rounds at
the present time,”” while many of the bluffers
try to deceive themselves into “bellevmg
they are useful ard loyal Americans.

No indeed, the ‘‘con artist’’ is not dead

SO Sk

but -it-

legislative trick- .

under. the cry of “‘be-

““there:

THE UMPIRE

but very much alive, ‘‘ano now is an excel-
lent time for everybody to take a searching
look at themselves and their neighbors and

discover just how much is genuine American-

sm and how much is paint.”’

THE MORALE SAPPERS

An agreeable by-product of the Wilson and
Lloyd George declarations is a diminution,
almost a cessation, of one variety of morale
sapping. A gain for unity of Allied senti-
ment has been made. There is a clearer per-
ception, if Germany does not alter on her
own intiative, that the war must go on to a
decisive result.

The record of the morale sappers is psycho-
logically interesting. The first phase was
that it did not matter who started tbhe war.
Germany’s responsibility was sometimes ad-
mitted, but brushed aside. Then came pro-
paganda to familiarize the public with the
idea that the moral cause of the Allies was
in some way defective—that under the pre-
tense of solicitude for democretic civilization
the Allies secretly cherished imperialistic
purposes. Next it was said democracy re-
quired a negotiated, or deadlock, peace: that
the objactive should be to establish a balance
of power, with a Teutonic coalition counter-
posing the Entente. As the Germans were
not to be extinguished, they must not have
their feelings hurt or be given excuse for fu-
ture rancor. When the President said there

should be “‘peace without victory,’” his words,

were ecstatically misinterpreted. Finally,
despite the great frankness of the Allies in
defining their war objectives, it became a
regular industry to demand a restatement.
Now that the President and the prime min-
ister have deemed it worth while for practi-
cal reasons once more to define the defined,
the dissatisfied discover that now the pro-
posals of the Allies are good. Yet compar-
ing recent statements and the statement of

more than a vear ago no difference in spirit
material diffierence in -

is discernible or any
detail. Yet a programme held unthinkable
in December, 1916, is perfection in 1918.

But if a man or publication arrives at the
truth the path followed is of little concern,
asserts a writer in the N. Y. Globe. The
statements of Lloyd George and the * Presi-

dent are highly gratifyving to those who want

a real peace ani do not propose to relax their
eforts until they get it.
those who hitherto have been displeased it is
well to forget disagreements now irrelevant.

TO SALVAGE SUNKEN STEAMSHIPS

“ An industrial correspondent writes us that

-just as soon as it is known officially that
_German submarines have been rendered in-

operative, then may we look for determined
effort to salvage the treasure from some of

the sunken steamships now lying at the bot-

tom of the sea. Hundreds of these steam-

If also gratifying to -

Y MG AL

~ ,’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

ships and salllng craft, fishing smacks, trawl-
ers and patrol-boats are resting now in
comparatively shallow water. Some of them,
the wrecking companies declare, can be
raised simply by divers fastening chains to
them.

It is claimed by salvage experts that by
modern-known methods vessels can be raised
that have gone down in over 300 feet of.
water. The first try-out of the new methods
which will be employed in this gigantic hunt
for the Wealth that now lies in Davy Jones’
locker will be made at Lake Superior this
coming spring, where a valuable ore-lacen .
steamer went down 50 years ago. If it is
successful, elaborate plans will immedistely
be put into operation for mobilizing the nee-
essary machinery to conduct the ;zreater~ ;
work in the war zones. .

If success follows the salvage work it w1ll ,
eventually see its culmination in a grand. ef-
fort to raise from its resting p'ace the Cu_nard-
liner Lusitania, which lies in 300 feet of
water off the old head of Kinsale, Ireland. The
scheme would be to lift the giant liner no
more than a few feet clear of the bottom and -
then drag her in toward the Irish coast to a
point where divers could work effectively.

PLAY IS HALF OF LIFE

_Groos, the sociologist, showed that play, in
the history of the race and the development
of the individual, is a preparation for the
serious business of life. The instinct of play .
is deeply rooted in human nature. It is not.
to be denied without certain malformation ot
character. Indeed, it cannot be denied, but
only perverted. It is active from childhood
to adult life, and work itself, unless the play
element is in it, becomes nothing but sterile
drudgery, says the Evening Telegraph. :
These are the bare facts of social and
psychological science concerning the problem
which the Government, with the aid of the
the War Camp Community Re-
creation Service and other civilian organiz-

‘ations, is meeting by the provision of play ac-
tivities for the soldiers and sailors in the

training camps. Play—and the word is broad
and comprehensive—is 1ndlspensable to phy-,

sical, mental and moral health, to efficiency

and morale. But the measures taken and
