---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_031.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

“—_——_—M—\Mm

planned are not designed merely as prophy-
lactics, or simply as a means of promoting
fitness for the trenches, but also as a part
payment of the debt we owe to the men
the nselves. We gave them work todo. We
give them play because they crave it and de-
serve it.

NOW AND THEN

In order adequately to measure the depth
of indignation with which the demand for a
shutdown of labor has been received in some
quarters, and -especially by some workers,
one must go back to any afternoon in the
beautiful summer time, when the baseball
seasor was at its height, and recall the thou-
sands who found time, day after day, tospend
from cne to three hcurs on a grandstand,
engrossed with the hits and misses of their
favorite players. If the hours which these

workers gave willingly, cheerfully, and en-

thusiastically to the national game in one
summer were put together, it is quite
probable that they wouid stretch out several
times the length of the vacation which the
‘Fuel Administration is now enforcing.

The fight to make democracy safe has not
called for any great sacrifices in the United
States, up to this time. It isasking fornone
now comparable to the sacrifices which the
people of the other allied nation’s freely
offer to so great a cause. A few days of
enforced idleness, or, rather, of enfoiced
abstention from Usua] pursuits, for nobody
need be idle, give slightexcuse for complalnt
in view of the fact that tens of thousands of
men and women are giving of their all for
the common good.

TRUE SERVICE

““‘The most blessed of human endeavors is
sarvice for others,’” says a well known writer.
The service that “educates and builds and
makes this old world a better and happier
place in which to live and work. Service is
the spirit of the hour. It blesses him that
gives and him that gets; it is the brotherhood
of man in business; it is the helping hand ex-
tended unselfishily; it is bread cast upon the
waters; it is a way of helping ourselves by
helping each other. The best that can be
said of any man is this: ‘“He served others
that they mlght better serve themselves.’

_ PAPER CLOTHING

Paper clothing has long been known, some-
times for its cussedness, but recently there
was discovered a methcd of waterproofing
cloth made from wood pulp which greatly
increases the life of the garment. Some
paper cloth is brittle, but thereisone variety
known to the Japanese which will ‘withstand
87,500 foldings without breaking.

Reverence for divine things is part of true
manhood, and every boy should learn it

THE GLEANER

I watched the gleaners rake the field,
After the ripening sheaves were stored,
Toiling the while in the noonday sun,
As they garnered their meager hoard.

And when they called on the autumn winds
To help them winnow the golden wheat,

The chaff went out to be scattered wide,
While the grain fell at their feet.

I wandered over the field of life,
Following after a harvest done,

While ia the stubble I sought for friends,
And gathered them one by one.

And after the crowding autumn years

The field of friendship I culled once more;
And as I measured the winnowed grain,

I grieved at the scanty store.

The winds of adversity swept the chaff;
And as it littered the desert sand,
I gathered the Wh_eat from about my feet,
And held it all in my hollowed hand.
‘ ~Samuel Dawis.

SKILL OF THE BLIND

Blind people—those who have been born
blind—are, as is well known, exceedingly
clever with their fingers, but it is not often
that one hears of a watchmaker who was

_born blind, and yet there have been instances

of the kind.

‘A famous blind watchmaker lived at
Holbeach, notes an exchange. His name
was Rippin, and, although completely blind,
he could take to pieces and put together
again watches of most delicate construction
with the greatest ease ard in quicker time
than most-watchmakers who have the ad-

“ vantage of good eyesight.

On one occasion some of the tmy wheels
and screws used in his trade were stolen
from him, but the thief was captured with
the property on his person, and Rippin iden-
tified it by his delicate sense of touch.
Another watch and clockmaker brought up
his blind son to his trade, aud he proved so
skilful that on more than one occasion he
detected faults in timepieces which other
trademen had failed to discover.

ALASKA THE HAVEN OF WILD FOUL

Until the acquisition of Alaska by the
United States it was a wonder where certain
wild fowl went when they -migrated from
temperate climes on the approach of summer
as well as snowbirds and other small species
of the feathered tribe. It was afterward

found, observes a writer in the Kansas City

Journal, that their habitat in summer was
the waters of Alaska—the Yukon river and
the lakes of that hyperborean region.

People wonder where the wild fowl come
from. They see the sandhill crane, the wild
goose heron and other fowl every spring and
fall pursue their unwearied way, but like the
wind, they do not know whence they come

or whither they go.

Up on Golovine bay, on the north side of
Norton sound, is the breeding place of these
fowls. All the birds in creation, seemingly
go to that country to breed. Geese, ducks,
swans and thousands upon thousands of sand-
hill cranes are swarming there all the time..
They lay their eggsin the bluestem grass in
the lowlands.

Myriads of robins and swallows are there
as well as millions of magnificent grouse,.
wearing red combs and feathered moccasins.
This grouse turns as white as snow in winter.

You can kill dozens of teal ducks or grouse
as fat as butter balls in a few moments..
The wild fowls and bears live on salmon
berries and huckleberries, with which the
hills are literally covered.

SIBERIAN NIGHT SHADOWS

The particular journey herein recorded fell
on a white night in June—one of those eerie.
white nights against which the Russian or
Siberian traveler carries a canny blne. cur- -

.tain, Olive Gilbreath writes in the Yale Re-

view.
Without these blueguards sleep is out of

the question and the senses, pursued by the.
penetrating light, are as ragged as the beggars
staring out of thestations. Verst after verst
hour after hour, the plain unwinds endlessly,
monotonously, like wool from a skein. A
pale incandescence hangs over the earth,
fringing objects ghostily. Trees blur in the :
half-light and grow phenomenally large: izbas .
and windmills scrape the sky. A tremor of
primitive terror runs through one’s limbs.
One calls to the hills for deliverance—but
there is not even a rise in the ground! With
midnight springs up a delusive promise of re-
spite from the light; a shadow creeps reassur-
ingly over the earth, but it is the dusk and
not the darkness. There is no reprieve. At
11 the sun dips below the horizon; at 2:30 it
balances again like a replenished bag, spill-
ing its orange and amethyst flood over the
earth. The restless cycle has begun again
and still the plain unwinds endlessly, monot-
onously-—brightly now. Atseven one reaches
Nizninovgorod. If it is June the sun has
been up five hours

THE GREAT WALLS OF JERUSALEM

Selim’s son, ‘Suleiman the Magnificent,
once built the great walls about Jerusalem.

These-walls of Suleiman are the present;
fortifications of the city. o2

But the great walls of Suleiman the Mag- -
nificent are only the last of a long series of
walls which, time after time, " have been
built only to be destroyed.. The most tragi-
cal destruction not only of the walls, but also
of the whole city, was: that which was
carried out by the Roman armies of Titus,
in the year 70 of our era, in the reign of the
Emperor Vespasian.
