---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_032.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

B S ee——.,—,_S

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates
on February 5th, the following applications
for membership were received and accepted:
B 8986, 8990, 8989, 7716, 8984, 8987, 8983,
8981, 8985, 8997, 8998, 8999, 8943, 8988, 9001,
9002, 8996, 8994-25c¢; 8982, 8993-10c; 9000,15c.

A motion was made, and passed, that a
letter of thanks be written to the Board of
Parole for the clemency they have lately
shown, in giving so ‘many of our members
the chance of service they have sought. We
hope their kindness will not be unappreciated.
Mr. Cattell, the speaker of the previous
Saturday, was unanimously elected to Hon-
orary Membership in the Club; and a letter
of thanks ordered written to Mr. Lafferty
for his services in securing him to speak to
us. It was unanimously resolved that a fund
be raised, under the auspices of the Club, to
help in the obtaining of a pardon for A-8432,
our excellent Vice-President, whoselong con-
tinued service to the State certainly deserves
some such reward, and anyway, we feel that
he ought to be released, and give someone
else the honor of being the Oldest Inhabitant.
During the week the following bills were
paid: John Wanamaker, $4.80 for muslin and
typewriter ribbons, and the following articles
purchased from Inmates, B 6608, 2 pr. slippers
$1.00; B 7102, 3 pr. slippers, $1.50; B 8575, 1
Toy Wagon, 75¢; B 6964, 23 Watch Fobs,
$11.50; B 8361, 1 Inlaid Box, $5.00; B 3079,
24 picture Frames, $6.30; B 6263, 12, Toy
Birds, $3.00; B 7664, 9 neckties, $2.25; B 8040
1 Setof Toy Furniture $1.50; B 3079, Work
on Carving, 30c; B 8361 11 School Companions
$4.50. :

ENTERTAINMENT

Both Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa did
their best on Saturday to make the First Sec-
tion forget the vagaries of old ‘‘Jupe’ Pluve’ *’
in presenting us with perhaps the worst
weather of the season; by giving us so good
a show, that not a member of the audience,
but would have foresworn ‘‘Tea’’ and stayed
on all night, ‘Looking, and listening,’’ had
the local ‘‘Gods’’ permitted.

The Professor, and his resourceful Rand
saw that no one regretted the slight period
of waiting, by serving us with their very
latest brand of Music; until the time when
Mr. Kraupa appeared, to aroundof applause,
which applause became a veritable storm
when the title of the picture flashed on the
screen, and the audience found thut the ever
delightful “‘Doug’’ Fairbanks was due to
make them forget their troubles for the
space of an hour or so. His picture, the
“‘Matrimaniac’’ was the merriest of Come-
dies, with ‘‘Doug’ performing *‘Stunts’’
enough to sate the most jaded of thrill seek-
ers. Mr. Kraupa certainly knows the taste
of his audience; and he made a great hit
Saturday with both of his Pictures. The
last was an uproariously funny farce, in

_Mr.Crane also presented Miss

which the Hero wears a wrist watch, and a
handkerchief up his sleeve, and is yet a hero
in spite of it. We have already noticed
some of our younger element with a hand-
kerchief up their sleeve, but the wrist watch
is yet lacking.

Mr. Bob Vincent, Premier Banjoist, opened
the Vaudeville Performance with a musical
act which set the feet of the audience danc-
ing. Mr. Vincent played both popular and
classical tunes; a diffiicult—for the Banjo—
selection from the Bohemian Girl wasperhaps
his best number: but the colored portion of
his audience, at least, appreciated most his
“‘Down South’’ jinglings. Mr. Vincent’s is
a style of music that has a particular appeal
for the most of us and we are his debtors
for a very pleasant quarter of an hour.

Mr. Lawerance Crane announced as the
Irish Wizard, and a wizard he was, in very
truth; and we wish with all our hearts that
we could produce eggs from anywhere and
everywhere with an equal facility. We tried
hard to discover the secret but it eluded us;
so we are going to ask Mr. Crane to please
return and give us another chance, when we
intend to watch more closely and hope to be
more successful. Mr. Crane called a trio of
daring spirits to the stage to assist him inhis
experiments; namely, ‘‘D.C.”’ ““Chicken,’’and
“Williamsport,’’ and caused things tohappen
to these gentlemen which certainly must
have led them to think themselves bewitched;
we are sure that the whole of them were at
least three shades paler upon leaving the
stage than they were when they ascended it
Angellotti
with an egg without her having the least
knowledge of the fact until after its
consummation. Mr. Crane’s act was one of
the best we have seen in many a moon and
we sincerely hope that he will be able to
return to us at an early date.

—B 8266, Secretary.

FOR UNIVERSAL TRAINING

Senator Warren G. Harding of Ohio, and
William C. Sproul, president of the Union
League Club and State Senator from Ches-
ter, were the honored guests at the twenty-
fourth annual banquet of the Sons of Vet-
erans recently.

Senator Harding in his address on the war
said:

““What this country needs is universal
military training. If we had adopted it three
years ago we could have saved millions of
dollars ana possibly millions of lives. In this
war we are making America safe for Ameri-
cans, and while we are doing that we are
making it safe for civilization. These things
are worth fighting for, and if a conntry is
not worth defending, it is not worth living in.”’

Patience and a mulberry leaf will make a
silk gown. —A Chinese inscription.

screws, and 1 large jack plane.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonzble prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6 h Gallery.
TEACHING-—Mandolin and Guiter; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.
HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.
FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert beud worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand
B 3847, 7 B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block. ;
TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block.
FOR SALE—_ Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
WANTED— One heavily upholstered rocking-
chair. Price right. B 7959, 12- 1st Gallery.
FOR SALE--Four gold fish and aquarium.
Cheap. B 5449, 1st Block.
WATCHES, clocks, phonograpts and other
small mechanisms repalred Conscienticus
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.
PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B3079
1st Block.
FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to orcder by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.
FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all
complete with accessories.  Will instruct
purchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.
FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

also

hand bags in manv different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery. R

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any:
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guﬂ'anteed. __,B@}(;' 9th Block.
FOR SAT.E—815 Vietrola with & good ree-
ords nurchased new six monthe 200, and nsed
inv bv nartmeinO' out. B 8703. 12th Blk.
FOR SAT,E—1 Reever’s nil painting outfit,
$2 00. Also wateh fobs 50c each. and horse-
hair linke made to o0 on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock. -

