---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_033.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, February 20, 1918

NO. 8

BRITISH SOLDIERS DE-
NOUNCE FOES OF TOBACCO

At a recent gathering in this city, Sergeant
Potter, of the Black Watch, which, after
three months of war, came out with thirty-
three survivors of an original 1136, at pres-
ent a member of the local British recruiting
mission, expressed bitter opposition to those
organizations and individuals who oppose
sending cigarettes to men in the trenches.

““The Anti-Cigarette League calls the ciga-
rette a drug and a poison,’”’ he said, ‘but
the term is only relative. It is a drug and it
is a sedative, but it is not too much to say
that that little paper tube has been the
means of saving many a man’s mentality in
the stress of this war. Some Young Wom-
en’s Christian Association branches have
been working hard to send tobaccoless com-
fort kits, but how can they call that a com-
fort kit?

““Sergeant Empey has created a false im-
pression in his book that the British soldiers
have hot rum before they go into a fight.
When they go into a fight they get a ration
of two tablespoonfuls for the whole day.”’

DEATH OF SPANISH WAR HERO

A New York correspondent writes that
Daniel Delehanty, seventy-two years old,
who contracted Bright’s disease during
ninety-six hours exposure on the bridge of
the United States ship Suwanee while he
was in command of the vessel off Santiago
during the Spanish- American war, died Mon-
day at his home in Pelham, N. Y., as a re-
sult, physicians said, of this ailment. For
four days and four nights Captain Delehanty
since retired from the navy, was compelled
to remain on duty without relief or sleep.

A WORD OF THANKS

I wish to tender to each and every one of
my fellow Inmates, who have contributed so
generously to the Fund which has been raised
to help me in my fight for freedom, my most
sincere thanks for their generous action.

I would gladly call, and thank eacp one of
you personally; for such tangible evidence of
your good will means much to me, but the
task would be to great, considering the num-
ber of those who have 80 honored me, and I
must needs content myself with thanking
you collectively. Ix Sis = a Ver:s7 generous
thought, and deed; and it is my sm‘cere hope
that you will not have given in vain.

With very best wishes to every on€ of you,
Iam A 8,32.

WASHINGTON

No mists of years can hide him,
No shadow of the night. :

He stands, a glowing vision,
Upon a sainted height.

A mighty man, a righteous man,
His name is writ in light.

When ice had locked the valley
And winds swept to and fro
And men grew faint with hunger

He knelt in drifted snow,
This tender man, this loving man,
And prayed in bitter woe.

His name is shrined by Freedom.
No name is held more dear.

His glory shines the clearer
With every passing year—

A sainted fame, a deathless name,

A soul we all revere.
—W. R. Rose.

SOLDIER-AUTHOR SAYS
WAR MAKES MEN BETTER

In a talk at the monthly meeting of the
Booksellers Association of Philadelphia, at
the Franklin Inn Club, recently, Corporal R.
Derby Holmes, a native of Boston, who
fought with the British army at the Somme
and is the author of the book ‘‘A Yankee in
the Trenches,’’ declared that war is not all
horror, but contains a good deal of fun for
the -soldiers, both in and out of the trenches.

‘‘In the trenches and under fire, all that is
bad in a man disappears and is forgotten. If
in the past he has been a thief, a thug or a
scoundrel, he loses all trace of those char-
acters and the best in him comes to the sur-
face and is lighted up by heroism and sacri-
fice. I believe that every .man comes back
from war a better and more magnanimous
human being.”’

WASHINGTON’S BIRTHDAY

It is understood that the date of Washing-
ton’s birthday was, according to the calen-
dar at the time of his birth, Feb. 11. This
became Feb. 22 when the Gregorian calender
was adopted in 1752. The first place to use
the new date in celebrating the event is said
to have been Newport, R. I. As late as 1778
Washingten himself apparently used the old
style in referring to his birthday.

PARENTS TO BLAME FOR
DELINQUENT CHILDREN

A correspondent writes from Media, Pa.,
that Judge Isaac Johnson, in an address be-
fore the annual convention of the Delaware
County School Directors’ Association, blamed
parents for many of the cases of delinquent
children who are brought into juvenile court
for petty wrongs and incorrigibility. He
said that boys and girls often go wrong in
their tender years because of the lack of
home training and because often they are
not properly clothed.

Dr. John P. Garber, superintendent of
public schools of Philadelphia, who was
present, emphasized the necessity for a
higher type of intelligence after the war and
the necessity for a higher physical and men-
tal manhood of the nation to meet demands
which are sure to follow the war.

Doctor Garber said that there should be
a definite program of activity to keep the
youth in his home town instead of looking
cityward, because the strengthening influ-
ence of home life must be preserved if the
nation is to prosper.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the February 13, meeting of the Board
of Delegates the following made application
for membership in the Club, and were ac-
cepted; B 8995, 9006, 9004, 8513, 9032, 9033,
9022, 9011, 9015, 9003, 9016, 9030, 9031, 9029
9018, 9007, 8908, 9005, 9034, 8991, 9012, 8902
9020, 9035, 9010—25¢; 9019—50c; 9013—o5c.
9025—10c: 9014—15¢; 9021—25¢. This is 4 fine
and large accession to the Club, and we ex-
tend the glad hand of fellowship to them al]
and express the hope that their stay with ué
whether long or short, will prove to their
ultimate advantage, and that they early
learn the best lesson man can learn, that by
helping others, one best helps ones-self. The
Treasurer reported, with fear, and trembling,
a report showing a deficit of $6.90 in the
Club’s Finances. The members will recall
seeing on Saturday among the colored slides
exhibited at the show, one showing the Ca-
thedral at Arras after the bombardment:
that is exactly the state the Club Treasury is
in at present. The Club must needs go forth
and pawn some of its numerous Banners,
or hypothecate its Bonds, unless some of its
‘‘munition’’ workers loosen up, or its busi-
ness venture succeeds.

Speaking of the above, it became an ac-
tual fact on Friday last, after being for some

(Continued on page )
