---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_034.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, 3

every Wednesday. ‘

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, February 20, 1918.

““People’s feelings are as wvelvet carpet.
Don’t walk over them with hobnail shoes.’’

THE HABIT OF DEFERRING THINGS

There are many of us that have good im-
pulses, which are good at the time of incep-
tion, but which lose their force if attended
with delay. Too often we are inclined to put
off the doing until tomorrow or some-other
day, and finally they are lost sight of alto-
gether, and with them the chance to do a good
act that will never present itself again.

How many people fall into this error of
delaying kindness—the expression of appre-
ciation or of love, until it is too late, and the
person who had been the object of our solici-
tation had passed on beyond our reach. Then
they feel a sense of loss and try in some way
to atone for the neglect in some unsatisfac-
tory manner; but all to no purpose.

There can be no question that today s the
day to say the kind word or to do the kind
deed, to obey the good impulse that stirs
your heart. Those whom you promised your-
self you would help sometime need your heip
now, and you can give it to better advantage
now than at any future time. Sure it is that
every tomorrow has, in addition to its own
duties, those which were passed over through
neglect, and its opportunities are in no way
greater than those of the day before.

* You have undoubtedly heard it said that
“many a man defers his real happiness until
He becomes rich.”” Then much- to his sur-
prise he finds a defect in the ointment, and
it is spoiled beyond remedy. It should have
been used when fresh and first preparad for
use. ‘“‘Deferred happiness and deferred good
deeds do not keep.”’ ~

- It is making no mistake to say that there
“is only one way to live; and that is to begin
the day with a firm resolution to get all you
can out of that day, to live it to the very
best. It makes little difference what may
happen or may not happen, what may come
or otherwise; make up your mind that you
will win the most possible out of that day.
If you make a practice of keeping that
thought in mind to start each day, it will not
be long before the old habit of deferring

things will drop away, and you will indeed
be ‘‘master of your fate.”’

PEACE CONGRESS OF THE PAST

It is declared by a well known writer that
another peace congress comparable to the
one that will follow this war, in the number
of nations and great and conflicting interests
involved, was that which met in Vienna fol-
lowing the defeat of Napoleon and his ban-
ishment to Elba. It is interesting, in the
light of what must come, to. recall some of
the features of that memorable gathering at
the court of Francis, in the Austrian capital.

Present at the deliberations were the Aus-
trian Emperor, the Czar of Russia, the Kings
of Prussia, Bavaria, Wurttemberg and Den-
mark, and nearly all the statesmen of prom-
inence in Europe. The Duke of Wellington,
Viscount Castlereagh, Lord Stewart, Count
Clancarty and General Cathcart represented
Great Britain. Prince Tallyrand de Perigord,
the Duke of Dalberg and Count Alexis de
Nogailles spoke for France. The Russian
Czar and Prussian Kings were accompanied
by their ablest advisers. Sweden, Norway,
Portugal and all the minor German and Italian
States were represented. Only the United
States and Turkey, among the nations of
importance, were lacking at the meeting.

For weeks the delegates did little but in-
dulge in a succession of festivities. The
Austrian people were ruined, yet the Aus-
trian Emperor spent vast sums in the enter-
tainment of his guests. Ludwig ven Beetho-
ven presented several new compositions
during this period, and assisted in the great
Mass which solemnized the anniversary of
the execution of Louis XVI. Prince Matter-
nich presided at the councils, but Tallyrand
was the leading spirit of the congress called
to remodel the map of Europe.

“It resembled a market of mankind,”’
says Drury. ‘‘The commission charged with
dividing up the human herd among the kings
was greatly troubled by the exigencies of
Prussia, which demanded 3,400,000 additional
subjects as an indemnity. The congress
even discussed the quality of the human
merchandise and gravely recognized the
fact that a farmer Frenchman of Aix-la-Cha-
pelle or Cologne was more than a Pole.”
All the nations gained considerable acquisi-
tions of territory, save England, which asked
nothing on the continent, but gained the
Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon and other colonies.

CLAIM VOLCANOES A BLESSING

Even with all their upheavals it weuld not
pay Central America to get rid of her voleca-
noes if she could, for these upheavals have
created the finest coffee and sugar land
in the world, notesa correspondent. Usually
there are long premonitory warnings and the
annual deaths due to this cause are not equal
to the number of persons killed yearly in

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

automobile accidents around New York.
Neither words nor artist brush could do
justice to the wonderful atmospheric effects

of the mountain lands. The changing lights
and colors, the purple mists, the vast white
banks of clouds, the cooling vapors that as-
sume the colors of the rainbow at dawn and
sunset, the mirages that throw mountain
lakes and lofty peaks in the high heavens,
resting, apparently, upon a base of blue ether,
all these can never be described or forgotten.

BOY SCOUTS IN THE PHILIPPINES

It was recently announced that young Fili-
pino boys, khaki-clad, with their honorary
silk handkerchiefs and other emblems of
achievement, will soon be learning to march,
to make camp, to wigwag and ‘“to do one
good deed a day.’”’ For theiris to beanarmy
of Filipino Boy Scouts. Hadji Butu, the
first and only Moro member of the Philippine
Upper House, thought it was high time the
Philippine Islands fell into line with their Far
Eastern neighbors and matched the very
capable companies of young Chinese, Sikhs
and Japanese whose manouveres seem to
find a ready space in the public prints the
world over. Senator Hadji Butu thinks also
that military training in the schools ought to
be cumpulsory, and his bill provides for this
addition to the curriculum,

The Moro Senator’s bill provides in every
way for the formation of Boy Scout compan-
ies, for the training of instructors and for
the co-operation of the Philippine Constab-
ulary or National Guard, and no doubt is felt
that it will become a law by unanimous con-
sent. It is hoped that Miss Filipino’s prob-
lems will shortly be settled as satisfactorily
in the formation of organizations of Girl
Scouts.

AN APPETITE FOR HORRORS

A Boston writer avers thatanother develop-
ment of war pyschology is the vitality of
strange stories and rumors. All at once the
public seems to have been thrown back upon
the times before there were newspapers, and
when the news simply ran from mouth to
mouth in the tales that were told. Now peo-
ple read the newspapers from end to end,
and then go and listen to a lot of rumors and
