---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_035.jpg
---
%

stories that are not in any papers. One
would say that the things which are actually
printed were sufficiently terrible, butitseems
that they are not bad enough for the people,
whose appetite for horrors and calamities for
cruelties and crimes, grows by what it feeds
on. Tumulty hung as a spy—that absurd in-
vention seems to have been laid at rest by
the comfortable presence of Mr. Tumulty
himself on all sorts of public occasions and
by the evidence of his continued faithful
performance of his duties. But other tales,
quite as extraordinary—tales which it would
be base to put into print—still run their
course.

The same condition prevailed in the Civil
War, when thousands believed that the Pres-
ident’s wife regularly communicated military
information to the Confederates, and when
some believed that she had actually been ex-
ecuted as a traitor.

It seems that we cannot turn real violence
and bloodshed loose in the world without
generating in the people’s minds a great deal
that has no existence anywhere else.

THE CHAMPION SPELLER

Prof. David Jones, the  world’s champion
speller, retired on a well-earned pension after
schoolteachlng for 50 years in Missouri, notes
an exchange. For 33 years the champion
issued an annual challenge to all comers to
spell against him. Many tried to wrest from
him his title, but none succeeded.

His record is 15,000 words correctly spelled
straight off the reel at one sitting without a
single mistake. Professor Jones defeated in
spelling contests heads of universities, fam-
ous teachers, scholars, authors, and profes-
sional proof-readers, and his sideboardis
loaded with silver cups and other similar tro-
phies won all over the country at the once
popular ‘‘spelling bees.”” With him spelling
is an art just as music or painting or sculp-
ture is an art with others. He pounces on
and treasures a rare and difficult word as
eagerly as an enthusiast does on a scarce and
elusive butterfly.

GOOD LUCK AND TIDY SHOES

The Australian natives know nothing of
shoes, and the natives of Africa are in the
same box to this day. The Chinese make
their shoes of wood and paper, and cannot
remember when they began to make them.
A Chinese shoe is warm in winter and cool in
summer, and always easy to the foot.

Superstition has busied herself greai.:ly
about shoes; but it is not worth while to .c1te
all the silly sayings about them. There is no
significance about the way people wear their
shoes, either at heel, toe or side, althoqgh
untidy footgear is doubtless some indication
of carelessness. See that you have a com-
fortable shoe, keep it tidy, and bad luck will
never bother you. .

THE UMPIRE

THE BETTER WAY

I ask not wealth, but power to take -
And use the things I have aright;
Not years, but wisdom that shall make
My life a profit and delight.
I ask not that for me the plan
Of good and ill be set aside;
But that the common lot of man
Be noble borne, and glorified.
I know I may not always keep
My steps in places green and sweet,
Nor find the pathway of the deep
A place of safety for my feet;
But pray, that when the tempter’s breath
Shall fiercely sweep my way about,
I make not shipwreck of my faith
In the unbottomed sea of doubt;
And that, though it be mine to know
How hard the stoniest pillow seems,
Good angels still may come and go
About the places of my dreams.
I do not ask for love below,
That friends shall never be estranged;
But for the power of loving, so
My heart may keep its youth unchanged.
—Phoebe Cary.

WHY HE DID’'NT GET A RAISE

He stopped growing.

He had no intiative.

He watched the clock.

His temper kept him back.

He felt above his position.

His tongue outlasted his brain.

He wasn’t ready for the nexi step.

He didn’t put his heart into his work.

He believed in living as he went along.

His familiarity with inferiority dulled his
ideals.

He was always grumbling. He was
ways behindhand.

He was not dependable, one never knew
where to find him.

He never dared to act on hisown judgment,
did not trust it.

He tried to substitute bluff for training
preparation, expert knowledge.

He never seemed to learn anything from
his blunders, mistakes or experiences.

He lacked system, orderliness in his work,
he was sloppy, slovenly, slipshod, lazy.

He believed he would never be promoted
because he wasn’t in with his boss, didn’t
have a pull with him.

—Dr. Orison Swett Marden.

al-

AN ELEPHANT’S STUBBORNNESS

The e'ephant, Luna, was not pleased with
the disposition ironworkers made of some
huge iron girders which they piled up be-
tween two fences surrounding the elephant
yards at the New York zoological gardens.

She managed to roll them under the corral
fence and dragged them one by one into fhe
elephant house for better keeping. The

3

girders weigh 500 pounds each and on bring-
ing one in she proudly threw it down on the
cement floor with a tremendous crash. The
keepers tried to get Luna to take the heavy
girders back. She refused to do so flatly
and in plain elephant language told them if
they wanted them back they might take them
back themselves, and this they had to do.

Animals ‘‘get their minds sot’’ just the
same as humans, as any man who handles
live stock can tell you, and they can be just
as unreasonable.

A TOUGH WOOD

One of the toughest of woods is that of the
so-called Osage orange, which, however, is
not an orange at all, but belongs to the nettle
family. Someidea of its strenght may be had
from areport made not long ago by the forest
service, which shows that a block 30 inches
long and two inches by two inches in cross
section, when bent, breaks under a stress of
13,666 pounds.

WOOD BY THE POUND

Circassian walnut is sold by the pound or
the ton, and not by the foot. As early as
116 B. C. it was introduced into Italy from
Persia. Russia is the chief source of Cir-
cassian walnut. The logs are so heavy that
they will not float, and are sold from the
forest with their bark on. Only the heart of
the wood is used, and it is the crooked, ir-
regular logs that possess the best-figured
wood. KEven very old trees rarely have a
clear length of more than ten feet.

THE RARE QUALITY

To be able to summon courage eﬁough to
acknowledge one’s own wrong-doing is to be
possessed of qualities that raise humanity to
the plane of the angels, observes a writer.,

The man who has this courage in the high-
est degree ‘‘cannot in the world be singly
counterpoised. ”’

HOW ALASKA WAS NAMED

The name Alaska is said to have been given
to the whole of that territory by the Russian
traders who first reached the island of Un-
lashka, on the authority of the natives, who
declared that to the eastward there was a
great land or territory which was called
Alayeska. From this the present name of
Alaska is derived.

““The average human body, besides the car-
bon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogenof which
it is chiefly composed, contains 83 pounds of
lime, 1 pound 11 ounces of phosphorus, 22-3
ounces of potash, 24 ounces of sodium, 138-5
ounces each of magnesium, sulphur andsilica
and adout one-sixth of an ounce of iron.’’
