---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_036.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

_———— — —

(Continued from page 1)

three weeks an irridescent. dream. On that
day the articles -purchased were at last
shipped out to Mr. Dipple, who has so kindly
consented to act as Chief Engineer of the
movement; and we hope to hear encouraging
reports in a few days. Mr. Joyce, of the
Public Ledger, perhaps our greatest humani-
tarian sheet, has volunteered his services as
Publicity Agent, and we hope to see it
launched with all ceremony. We feel that a
vote of thanks is due Mr. Dipple, in partic-
ular, from each and every member of the
Club, for his so generous action; for his work
will not be light, and he has asked no reward
whatsoever. Truly he is the salt of the
earth.

We are pleased to announce that the fund
raised under the Clubs auspices to help A8432,
the Clubs Vice- President, to a Pardon, and
Liberty, was most generously subscribed to,
a total of $190.17 being given. We are sure
that it is the wish of all that it will be in-
strumental in helping him to the freedom he
has so long, and vainly sought.

Through the kindness of the Warden, and
Inspectors, and the co-operation of all the
Officials, practically the entire Inmate Body,
1360 men, by actual count, had the pleasure
of seeing, on Saturday afternoon, the Offi-
cial War pictures of the French War Commis-
sion to the U. S. These were secured for
us through the efforts of Mr. Lafferty, of
the Board of Inspectors, and every Inmate
is his debtor for the rare treat of seeing
France at War. We believe every man of
the 1360 would have enlisted had the chance
been given, after witnessing what our sister
country, France, has done, and is doing, in
the cause of Human freedom.

The Second Section called out at 12 M., filled
the Hall in record time, and everything was
in readiness when Mr. Lafferty, and the Ward-
en appeared, escorting Mr. Helmus, of Wash-
ington, D. C. in charge of the Pictures.

After the Professor, and his Gallant Band
had dashed off a patriotic number, followed,
by the Wardens request, with the National
Anthem, with everyone standing at attention,
Mr. Lafferty introduced Mr. Helmus, whe
spoke briefly of what he expected to show us,
and then, a moment of darkness, and we
were in France.

We saw Saturday how great was France’s
task, how tremendous her burden, and we
understood how much more we must do, or
else see all the world bow the knee to a ruth-
less conquercr. We saw the entire resources
of a Nation devoted to but one end, the wag-
ing of war, the efforts of a whole people,
young and old, rich and poor, bent to the
same purpose; an army which is a nation in
arms; the same ‘‘poilus’’ looked out at us
from the screen, who stood in the blood, and
mud of Verdun during that terrible Spring
and cried, ‘“They shall not pass,’”’ words
which shall live forever in the worlds history,

and not a man of us but would have been
proud, and glad to have been fighting by
their side, even through we knew Death waited
us on the morrow, for what better death
could a man die than this?

During an intermission in the second show-
ing of the Pictures, Mr. Helmus read us a
letter from a prominent Frenchman to a
friend in this country, in which the spirit
and sufferings of France, were most vividly
portrayed. The prayer of the writer to
America, was speed, lest the help we can
give should come too late, and France be
beaten to her knees, with her out of it Eng-
land might be soon starved into submission,
and we be left alone to reap the whirlwind.

Our own ‘‘Sammies’’ were shown us, ready
to do their ‘‘bit’’ in the trenches, and we
cheered them and fervently wished we were
with them, even at the cost of digging a
trench. We saw soup being served to the
Hun prisoners, and the most of us instantly
resolved, that should we be fortunate enough
to go, we would die rather than be taken a
prisoner. We saw guns which sitting in a
back-yard at Point Breeze could kill 2 man in
Manayunk, and all without theslightest trace
of ill-feeling; we saw planes of all sorts, fight-
ing, bombing, observation,and hydro—, and
saw an actual aerial combat, with the Hun
machine sent tumbling to earth; we saw in
the chilly dawn, the ‘‘poilus’’ waiting the
word to go ‘‘over the top,”” and we saw them
charge across ‘‘No Mans Land’’ in the dust
and smoke of actual combat. But we saw
only one thing that sent a quiver of fear
through us, and that was a French General
kissing a private upon whom he was conferr-
ing a decoration, upon both cheeks, we
believe this to be the worst danger the
American soldier Las to face.

During the pause in the second presentation
of the pictures, Mr. Helmus was summoned
to the stage, and Mr. Lafferty, in the name
of the Honor and Friendship Club, presented
him with a beautiful Inlaid Box, drawn from
the ample stores of the Clubs Q. M. G. Mr.
Helmus expressed himself as being very
greatly pleased with the gift, and in tender-
ing his thanks informed us that we were be-
ing greatly favored, in that only a few of
the more prominent Clubs in Phila, had as
yet been given the opportunity of viewing
the Pictures. We are very much the debtors
of Mr. Helmus, Mr." Lafferty, and all con-
cerned for their efforts in having us shown how
War,—not the Long Island, or Southern Cali-
fornia brand—is really conducted.—B 8266.

I am sure the thanks of the members of
the H. F. Club, are due B 8361 for his thought-
ful and generous gift of an inlaid jewelry cab-
inet to Mr. John Helmus of Washington, D.C.
as a token of our deep respect for his kindly
interest in our club by giving uvs the privi-
lege of enjoying the justly celebrated French
War pictures, last Saturday afternoon which
we all fully appreciated. —B 8501, 6 B.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ‘““Ad”’ column. :

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (*%
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand
screws, and 1 large jack plane. B 3847, 7 B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, Tth Block.

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for oil-painted
Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, 7th Gal.

also

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shces for:

sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.
WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscientious
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, ond Gallery—12th Block.

PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079,
1st Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. "B 8203, 6th B.
FOR SALE—Necktie knlttlng machme, all
complete with accessories. Will instruct
purchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

hand bags in many different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gal_l__ery.

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. ,,B 8096, 8097, 10th Blpck.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work qqarapteed. B 8016. 9th Block.
WANTED—One heavilv unholatered rocking-
chair. Prjfe richt. B 7959, 12-1st Gallery,
FOR SATE—Four oold fish and aquarium,
Cheap. B 5949, 1st Rlock.

FOR SAT,E—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2 00. Also wateh fobs 50¢ each, and horse-
hair links made to oo on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

