---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_037.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

WOTIs V-

Philadelphia, February 27, 1913

NO. 9

' EXPECT NEXT DRAFT
CALL IN APRIL

While no definite announcement has been
made by War Departmentofficialsfor the call-
ing of thesecond draft for the national army,
it is most evident that all indications point to
either April or May as the probable time
when such orders will be issued.

This estimate is based on known prepara-
tions for equipping and providing for the
men. Supplies for the recruits of the second
draft will become available about April 1,
and those in position to know claim that the
first increments will be called soon afterward.

Plans for the second draft as now under
consideration include calling 100,000 a month
until the second quota is complete. In that
way officials expect to avoid much of the
confusion which accompanied the first call.
The men will report in a steady stream and
be assimilated by the military machine before
the next lot is received.

ORDERS TO ENFORCE RULE

It is announced that State Food Adminis-
trators were ordered to enforce strictly the
Food Administration’s rule requiring bakers
to use 20 per cent. of wheat flour substitutes
in all bakery products by February 24.

¢“This rule,”” a telegram sent to the ad-
ministrators said, ‘‘is an important link in
the Food Administration’s wheat conserva-
tion program, upon the success of which de-
pends our ability to supply the Allies with
the wheat flour that is essential to their vie-
tory and ours. The list of substitutes 1is
wide.”’

From now until the war is over people
must be contented to appease their hunger
in part with war bread.

SEES THE AWAKENING OF CHINA

China is gradually awakening to the great
possibilities of her latent power, declares a
well known author and writer who recently
returned from an extended stay in that
When pressed for further infor-

country. .
writer announced

mation on the subject, the
that he was preparing an article for publica-
tion that would soon be ready for the press.

““That country,’’ he said, .
a great awakening, along many lines. Her
military development: during the last fe?v
years has been marvelous; in fact, she is

beginning to appreciate her importance as.

)

one of the coming world powers.’

In speaking of Japan’s attitude toward‘

‘“js undergoing

China, he averred that the former country
should not be criticized too severely for her
so-called transgressions, because she had
done no more than many of the other world
powers.

WASHINGTON-LAFAYETTE FLAG
AT INDEPENDENCE HALL

At noon on Washington’s birthday, as a
filling tribute to the father of democracy and
Liberty, and as a tribute to our gallant
French allies, the Washington-Lafayette flag
was raised on Independence Hall by the
Citizens Committee who had the ceremony in
charge. )

As soon as the banner was unfurled the
National Anthem was sung. The emblem,
measuring 20 by 10 feet, and showing the
names of Washington and Lafayette above
thirteen stripes and thirteen encircled stars,
is the same flag which was raised September
6 last, Lafayette’s birthday. A replica was
hoisted in Paris at the time.

THREE YEARS MORE OF WAR

Governor Charles H. Brough, of Arkansas,
declares that it is the opinion of official
Washington that there will be three ycars
more of war. He made this statement in a
speech at the Congress of National Service
of the National Security League. It
was in connection with his declaration that
a conservation and educational programme
must be adopted in order to win the war.

‘T was in Washington recently,’’ he said,
“and it is the opinion of men there that this
war will last three years longer. Germany
in some respects is stronger than she was
three years ago. She has 13,000,000 square
miles of territory and six times the food
acreage that she formerly did. She will also
come into possession of large munition fac-
tories because of the collapse of the Russian
Government.

NEW NITRATE PLANT

One of the nitrate plants for which Con-
gress appropriated $20,000,000, willbe located
at Sheffield, Ala., according to reports from
the war department. The place chosen is on
the Tennessee river near Muscle Shoals.
This plant will manufacture ammonia and
nitric acid.

Next to the Proletariat of India and China,
the Russian peasant feels the pinch of po.
verty and bunger more keenly and more
frequently than any other citizen on earth,
says the National Geographic Magazine.

SOLDIER SON WINS
HIS FATHER’S PARDON

A late news dispatch announces that Gov-
ernor Cox of Ohio, cabled the word—‘‘par-
doned’’—to a soldier with the American ex-
peditionary forces in France, in reply to an
appeal made by an Ohio boy to the Governor,
asking for his father’s pardon from the state
penitentiary.

“I am willing to die for my country and I
could die happy if I could but know he is free
to regain his standing -in the world,’” wrote
the boy.

The man was liberated with several others
who had agreed to enter government service
during the continuance of the war. The sol-
dier’s father had an excellent record while
in prison, and as it was his first offence,
Governor Cox decided to grant the pardon so
earnestly soughtby a loving son. At the re-
quest of both father and son the Governor did
not make known the name of the pardoned
man.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the February 19th meeting of the Board
of Delegates the following were admitted to
membership: B 9048, 9039, 9038, 9044, 9042,
8969, 7069, 9027, 9023, 9vu4l, 9043, 9045, 9037,
9040, 9046—10c; 5884—25¢c; 9036, 9047—25c.
The Treasurer was able to make a more
healthy looking Report, a Balance of $55.44
being found to be on hand; but what the Fi-
nance Committee did to that Balance shortly
after its discovery would have made a Ger-
man shed real tears of sympathy; it was
¢«cunk without a trace.”” A Resolution of
sympathy with the family of the late Over-
seer, James McBride, was unanimously
passed. A Resolution thanking Mrs. E. N.
Bartlett, President of the local Society of
the King’s Daughters, for the gift of Post-
Cards to the Inmates on recent Holidays was
presented, and passed. The Rev. J. F.
Weinmann, City Missionary of the P. E.
Church was present, by invitation, and made
a short address, bringing us a fighting mes-
sage of hope, and good cheer. He was given
a rising vote of thanks, and a cordial invi-
tation to call again. Receipts of the week,
were—$18.85 from sales of articles purchased
by Club; $80.30 from sale of waste rags;$R.(0
from Circulating Library; $7.20 sale of World
Almanacs; Donations $.85. Disbursements:—
B 3079, work, $2.50; Widow of late Overseer
McBride, $10.00; B 7204, car-fare to Harris-
burg, $3.00; B 8219, Ladie’s Hand Bags, .

(Continued on page %)
