---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_038.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

el - 3

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
‘ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, February 27, 1918.

:ﬁ——_—_————_———_‘—-_
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to

be true.—Abraham Lincoln.
M

PATRIOTISM AND CHRISTIANITY

It is undoubtedly true that patriotism and
Christian brotherhood are analogous. They
seem to go hand in hand as it were. Men go
into battle and give their lives for something
higher than themselves, when duty to their
country calls. Clearly it must be the ‘‘de-
votion of the spirit to something nobler,
something greater than itself.”’

““All the. transforming influences of the
world are unselfish,”” says a noted writer,
and there-is not a ‘‘selfish force in the world
that is not touched with sinister power,’’ and
the bond of true brotherhood is the only ele-
ment of things worldly that is entirely un-
selfish. Surely this is the great lever that
may lead to things that are great, and the
future looms up with vast possibilities for
its communal benefits.

No thinking man will doubt that ‘‘we are
in the world to do something more than look
after ourselves. The reason that I am precud
to be an American is because America was
given birth to by such conceptions as these,
that its object in the world, its only reason
for existence as a government, was to show
men the paths of liberty and of mutual serv-
iceability, to lift the common man out of the
paths, out of the slough of discouragement,
and even despair; set his feet upon firm

_ground; tell him, ‘Here is the high road upon
-which you are as much entitled to walk as
we are, and we will see that there is a free
field and no favor, and that as your moral
qualities are and your physical powers, so
will your success be. We will not let any

man make you afraid, and we will not let

any man do you an injustice.” Those are the
ideals of America. We have not always
lived up to them. No community has always
lived up to them, but we are dignified by the
fact that those are the things we live for and
sail by. America is great in the world, not
as she is ‘a successful government merely,
but as she is the successful embodiment of a
great ideal of unselfish citizenship. That is
what makes the world feel America draw it

like a lodestone; that is the reason that the
ships that cross the sea have so many hope-
ful eyes lifted from their humbler quarters
toward the shores of the new world. That
is the reason why men, after they have been
for a little while in America and go back for
a visit to the old country, have a new light
in their faces, the .light that has kindled
there in the country where they have seen
some of their objects fulfilled. That is the
light that shines from America. God grant
that it may always shine, and that in many a
humble hearth in quiet country churches the
flames may be lighted by which this great
light is kept alive.”’

MAKING A MAN OF THE BOY

The sum of all admonitions is that the
schoolboy must pay attention. That is pre-
cisely what he is-doing, writes S. M. Croth-
ers, in the Atlantic. He is paying atten-
tion to a variety of things that escape the
adult mind. As he wriggles on the bench in
the schoolroom he pays attention to all that
is going on. He attends to what is going on
oui-of- doors; he sees the weak points of his
fellow pupils against whom he is planning
punitive expeditions; and he is delightfully
conscious of the idiosyncrasies of the teacher.
Moreover, he is a youthful artist and his
sketches from life give acute joy to his con-
temporaries when they are furtively passed
around.

But the schoolmaster says sternly: ‘‘My
boy, you must learn to pay attention; that is
to say, you must not pay attention to so
many things, but you must pay attention to
one thing, namely the second declension.”

Now the second declension is, the least in-
teresting thing in the room, but unless he

confines his attention to it he will neverlearn .

it. Education demands narrowing of atten-
tion in the interest of efficiency.

A man may, by dint of application to a
particular subject, become a successful mer-
chant or real estate man or chemist or over-
seer of the poor. But, he cannot be all these
things at the same time. He must make his
choice. Having in the presence of witnesses
taken himself for better or for worse, he
must, foresaking all others, cleave to that
alone. The consequence is that by the time
he is forty he has become one kind of a man
and is able to do one kind of work.

TWO GREAT STATESMEN

Beginning nearly the same date the world
beheld an empire of Germany and a kingdom
of Italy reviving the old glories of a distant
past and giving a national character and .a
national spirit to millions who had long cher-
ished a common language and common habits
of life.

Two great statesman were foremost in the
achievement of that splendid historical result,
Bismarck in Germany, Cavour in Italy, says
the Youth’s Companion. Both were men of

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrafed at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General serviees are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

FEpiscopal services are held at the *Chapel'

on the third Thursday of every month.
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

e e e oy Oy SO Sy Sy S PR S S

the highest genius, of wide insight, of pro-
found diplomatic skill and of indisputable
patriotism. But their aims were totally dif-
ferent. Bismarck had no faith in the people
and sought to make an absolute empire on
the medieval model of fixed classes, each
working in its sphere for the good of the
state, and the whole culminating in a God ap-
pointed, God supported monarchy. Cavour,
although he believed it best to retain the
monarchical form, worked from the be-
ginning to establisha thoroughly modern de-
mocracy; a government that should be es-
sentially of the people, by the people and
for the. people.

Bismarck summed up histheory of govern-
ment in the celebrated phrase that power
must be sustained ‘‘by blood and iron.”’
Cavour said of himself in a phrase far more
deserving of celebrity, ‘‘I am the child of lib-
erty, and to liberty I owe all I am.’”” The
hearts of modern Germany and modern Italy
are disclosed in those two sayings of their
greatest sons, and we can see today what
different results are produced by different
teachings. =

ANIMALS DO THINK

‘I am surprised that anyone should still
hold to the old theory that animals do not
think. That theory is smashed completely
by the one fact that memory, which is con-

ceded to ail animals by every one who knows:

them at all, is defined as ‘the concivusrepro-
duction of a previous thought.” If they do
not think, whence comes the previous
thought?’’ Either our scientific men who
deny thought in the lower orders must agree
that thought is common with these animals,
or they must remodel the definition of mem-
ory.

‘‘How about the mare that broke through
a barbed-wire fence and traveled a mile and

a half to the home of my brother-in-law when

she was sick, waking him in the middle of
the night by pawing at his door, because her
owner had taken her there a year before
when she was sick as now? How about our

own red cow with the lop horn, who learned to’

carry her bell so the clapper would not touch
the bell while she made her way to the corn-
field? How about the same cow, after try-

