---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_039.jpg
---
: THE UMPIRE

——————“—M——“——\N :

WHICH WAY
y to the right and a way to the

ing to reach a choice morsel through the-

fence, stepping ‘back to look the situation There’s a wa
over, then getting down on her knees to run wrong,
her head under the fence, which was on short A way for the weak and a way for the strong,
post that keep it two feet off the ground, And on which of these ways will your banner
rolling to her side andkicking herself through be shown

. below the rails to the garden? How about When the new year has come and the old
the mischievous Lorse of Henry Ferguson, year has flown?

in Minnesota, that would tease his mate to mp. way to the right is a way that is hard.
try and bite his knee, then either bump the By many 5 troublesome wall it is barred.

nose of the biter with his knee or catch his
rein in his teeth and yank on it till the mate
threw his head up? Saw that done myself at
least a dozen times in an hour.

““Think? I guess they do.
than some of our Congressmen seem to do,’
-says E. C. Harriman in the Literary Digest.
““They not only think; but they plan and
scheme. 1 could cite a hundred instances
that have came under my own observation
which prove it. But Webster settled the
the thought controversy by defining mem-
ory, so now let the wise men make a new
definition or cry quits.’’

Far more
5)

TO TUNNEL UNDER BRITISH CHANNEL

The proposal to construct a railway tunnel
under the British channel is still under con-
sideration. Mr. Asquith, former British
~ premier, stated some time ago that theentire
project with the modernized plans would be

But out at the end of it, over the hill,
There is honor that all may share proudly
who will.

The way to the wrong is a broad, easy way

Where the ribald go rollicking day after
day’ i
Where the dolt and the laggard go sneering
at fame, '

And it ends in a bog that is scummy with

shame. .
There’s a way to the right and a way to the
wrong,

A way for the weak and a way for the strong,
And on which of these ways will your shadow
be cast
When the new year begins and the old year
is past?
—S. E. Kiser.

WANTS TO EXPRESS HIMSELF

Fellows I'm no orator, but I feel it my

taken up before long, and a leading member duty to express my feelings in regards to the
of the house of commons stated that the Petterment of mjs fellow inmates. Say f’el-
plans for construction were so far advanced lows, did you ever stop to thm3< why we're
that work could begin whenever the necessary he?e? Believe L1 I have been thmkfng
legislation was secured. The estimated cost queta lot about it, Iand thef more I think
of the tunnel would be about $70,000,000, but about it the madder I get. If there ever was

is esti i l, here is one. Sometimes I use to call
i estimated that it would 2 fool, :
b t}‘;artetltirrllsofeSS ltr:?Y per cent on the the other fellow the fool, but I realize that

he had more brains in his feet than I had in
my head. A lot of fellowssay that the temp-

give a ne : :
investment and reduce the running time

between London and Pz}ris five and one-half
hours.

tations that confront me are too hard for me
to resist them. If we were to put our trust
in Jesus Christ we could face them.

3 TOR TO DRIVE CATTLE
i _ Fellows, some men say that all things are

A late news item announces a new use for possible. I'm of a different opinien. This
a motorcar has been found by a cattle dealer is what I think is impossible. I say that a
in one of the middle western states, whose man can’t live a clean life without the aid of
business compelshim to drive extensive herds Jesus Christ. I know if I had heeded his
of meat on the hoof along the roads. call I wouldn’t be h(.are today, t:or Eand whon

During the hottest part of summer this we trust Him., he will alway.s giveus strength
purveyor determined to drive his animals by to meet the sms-and ten?pt.atums that compass
night in order to spare them the inevitable about us. But if W? 07?01de to‘ 2o th'rough
suffering that attended such operations in this world Wlt.bOllt hls.a1d, we will be failures.
the middle of the day. Getting in hiscar, he = How many is tl}ere in this place today that
started the herd ahead of him in the road, were serving Christ when :chey were arrested?
and by throwing the searchlight before and I believe I would .be safe in saying tpat tpere
honking his horn he kept the animals moving isn’t one. S?metlme ago I.wa.s talking to a
quickly in the compact mass. man in here in regards to his life on the out-

There are instances of the use of the motor- side. Hfa told me how hfa was trying t(). live
car in round-up work in the far west, so that a c]ez.an life on the outs%de. And here is the
the traditional picture of a cowboy astride a way it .Was. He was going t? saloons about
bucking broncho may have to give way to three tlrjnes a wgek and getting drunk, and
one of that leather-breeched gentleman cud- having fights Wl.th the.barten.der, anfi the
dled down into the wheel of a flexible run- occupaqts. Say if that is serving Chrls.t,. I
about, his lasso presumably dangling over would like .to_ know wha}t serving ?he qev11 is.
the windshield. For my opinion of serving Christ is different

3

than that. Today that fellow can’t under-
stand why he is here. Of conrse we have a
lot of fellows here that say they shouldn’t be.
here, but it takes all kinds of men to make a
world. Fellows, let me ask you a question,
does it pay to serve Jesus? Why -certainly
it does. It certainly doesn’t pay to serve the
devil. By serving him our life is full of
grief and sadness. But when we serve Jesus
it is full of joy and happiness.

Fellows, at one time I served Christ on the
outside, and believe me they were the hap-
piest days of my life. Then I fell and was
not man enough to fight the sin and temp-
tations that were before me, and from that
time until a few weeks ago my life wasn’t
very pleasant. Oh yes, I’ve had some swell
times as the fellowsecall them. But what did
they amount to. I certainly know what they
cost me. There price was 2 to 3 years.
That’s some price to pay for a few good
times. Now fellows what are we going to
do; are we going to leave this institution de-
ciding to live a sinful life? If we do we
certainly are going to land here again or
else some other jail. But fellows, with the
strength of God to back me up, I am going to
try and serve him to the best of my know-
ledge, so that when I leave here I will be
able to take my stand with the world.

I am sick of doing time; and I hope all you
fellows will try and realize the kind of life
you are living before long. Some of you
may say, that if I take Jesus as my personal
friend and Savior, the old bunch will shun me,
and give me the ha, ha. Yes there is some
that will. But those that do it are ignorant,
and aren’t fit to mingle with. Fellows, there
is a time in every man’s life when he is cap-
able of deciding his fate. Won’t you let this
be the time when you will decide yours?
Don’t think about where you are today, but

think of what course you are taking if you

decide to go straight. You must always
keep pushing ahead not drifting; for if we
drift we may be cast upon a barren isle. So
let us start today to live a better life. But
fellows, don’t try and do it with your own
strength, for if you do you will fail. So Jet
us humble ourselves before our fellow men,
and take Jesus as our personal friend and
Savior. —B 8886.
STRICKLY ORIGINAL

While doing time, right here in the pen,

Without a relation and without a friend:
My thoughts went back to a wasted life,

And a girl I loved, who was once my wife.
As I sit in my cell from day to day,

And listen to talk other fellow’s say;
And see what a fool I have been,

I shudder to think of it, here in the pen.
So I’ve started studying day by day,

And look in the future, far, far away,
And there I can see success and fame, :

For which I am striving,striving to gain.
Gaining in wisdom, and gaining in fame,

I can leave behind me a blemished name;
And starting out in life anew

Be upright and loyal, honest and true.

—B 85/5.
