---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_040.jpg
---
(Continued from page 1)

$28.00; B 7725, Ladies & Mens Slippers, $1.25;

"B 8488, Mens Slippers, $2.00; To Mr. W. S.
Rodenbough, for engraving Loving Cups,
$17.50; Subscriptions to Magazines, $35.88.

A special meeting of the Board of Dele-
gates was held on Thursday February 21,
for the purpose of electing a Treasurer in
succession to B 8802, resigned by reason of
the Rule passed at the Tuesday meeting of
the Board, that no officer of the Club should
hold any other position than such office, but
should devote his entire time to his Club duties.
B 8073 was elected to that office without op-
position and made a graceful little speech
of acceptance, and thanks, regretting his in-
ability to do the usual honors and assuring
us of his intention to be faithful to his trust
—which we weren’t worrying about, as we
know the Canadian Border is closed, and
they’re using war-bread there anyway. A
‘resolution was passed thanking the retiring
Treasurer for his efficient services and re-
gretting his decision to leave us. We are
glad to be able to announce that the Clubs
little business venture is making most favor-
able progress, and promises to be a real suc-
cess. Through the kindness of Mr. Joyce,
Asst. City Editor of the Public Ledger, a
gratifying publicity was secured; the majority
of the city newspapers featuring the sale
in their news columns during tbe week, and
commenting most favorably upon our attempt
to provide a market for the work of our mem-
bers. It was decided during the week that
Mr. Dipple’s work in connection with the
sale, deserved a greater reward than our
mere thanks, and it was resolved that a com-
mission of 10% upon all sales be given him,
like everything else of the kind it will be
passed along to the Ultimate Consumer. We
know to what good purpose Mr. Dipple will
use this money, and we wish him all success
in the splendid work of reclamation he is do-
ing.

After an absence of two weeks Miss Rus-
sell and Mr. Kraupa, came back tous, bring-
ing with them the best show of - the season;
one that couldn’t have been duplicated on
the Outside for less than $2.00 a seat; and
needless to say, they were welcomed back
with acclamation.  There was but a short
interval of waiting, during which the Pro-
fessor, and his popular Band tore off a little
“rag,”” and generally livened .up things with
a few patriotic numbers. Then Mr. Kraupa
entered, wearing his famous smile, and
closely followed by the bearer of the Magic
Carpet, which was so soon to transport us
all from the sorry realities of this life, to
the golden Land of Make-Believe: which in
this case wasn’t very far, as the acene of
the Picture was mostly laid in Phila. Tt was
a very good Picture, indeed, which Mr.
Kraupa presented for our delectation, a de-
lightful comedy, entitled ‘‘Happiness,”” an
Ince production, which speaks volumes in

THE UMPIRE

itself, and it kept the audience intensely in-
terested until the very end, when the—in
this case—unspoiled heiress was left happily
married to the President of the ‘‘Soap-suds
Trust.’?

Miss Russell was on hand for the opening
of the Vaudeville Bill, and presented Allen &
Kingsbury as the “‘head-liners;’’ and we
really think they were the best in their line
we’ve seen for some time; and we haven’t
been here so long, either. It seemed to our
humble self that they could extract real mu-
sic from anything that could make a sound,
from a cow-bell to a concertina, and the name
of the musical instruments which they
brought into play, was literally ‘‘legion. &
The comedy member of the team, was really
funny, and some of our 4th Block members
were seen to cast longing looks at the door
when he pulled that ‘‘razor,”” while several
of our local I. W. W. members seemed to
recognize that ‘‘bomb’’ when he brought it
out, and turned a bit pale about the ‘‘gills,”
but like most members of that order, it
wouldn’t work.

The Four Merry Youngsters, who were
seen here some Saturdays back, re-appeared
to the very great pleasure of all. There was
no doubt of the audiences liking of the work
of these promising young performers, and
their singing and dancing was loudly ap-
plauded, the duet by the two younger mem-
bers of the team, ‘‘If There Ever Was a
Pair of Beautiful Eyes You’ve Got ’Em,”’
and their dancing was particularly good,
while the solo numbers of the two older
members left nothing to be desired. :

Bendell&Gallegher, Accordionist and Dan-
cer, succeeded, and did magnificently, they
were both masters of their art, and we know
now where to look for a successor to the late
lamented Captain Castle.” They were given
a determined encore, and we extend to them
the heartiest of invitations to return, and
give the rest of us a chance. y

Mr. Gould, Black-face Comedian, followed,
and made himself ‘‘solid’’ with the audience
at the start. He was a rapid-fire joker, and
exceedingly nimble on his feet, doing a bit of
“‘clogging,’” and some ‘‘buck’’ dances, tothe
great delight of the audience.

The Haney Children, who were areal treat,
closed the bill, with a singing and dancing
act, which we earnestly hope they will repeat
for us in the near future, with all the charm,
and grace of childhood, allied to the finished
skill of the born artist, they were a real de-
light to the eye and ear, and every man ot
us is strong for ’em. They sang ‘My
Sweetie and Me’’ as a duet number, and ‘‘If
You Saw All ThatI Saw Down In Arkansas,”’
and the ‘‘Dixie Volunteers’ as solo numbers,
and made a hit with all.

Theentirebill was given through the courtesy
of Mr. R. H. Cross; whom we believe is Miss
Russells Asscociate in the Business, and our
hats are off to them for their skill in picking
real actors. — B 8266.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied - future use
of “Ad’’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 17386, 3rd Block. %
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—$50 English Banjo-Mandeolin in
Jeather case, with 6 sets of Mandolin-Guitar
folios. Price, $25. Bg662, 12 B-2nd Gallery.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand
screws, and 1 large jack plane. B 38847, 7 B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, Tth Block.

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 12th Block. :

FOR SALE— Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block. ,

PUT YOUR order in now for oil-painted
Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, Tth Gal.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.
WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscientious
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—I2th Block.

PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 2079,
1st Block. _

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all
complete with accessories. ~ Will instruet
purchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.

B 8361, 11th Block, affers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead putses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants
gend number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

hand bags in many different colors. Price
$1. 00. B 53°6, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE -Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All :xmrk qqaranfged. B 8016. 9th Block.
WANTED— One heavilv nnholstered rocking-
chair. Brice richt. B 7959, 12-1st Gallery.
FOR SAT.E—Four oold fish and aquarium.
Cheap. B 5949, ]Jsfr;B_lock.

FOR SAT,E—1 Reever’s nil painting outfit,
%2.00.- Also wateh fobs 50e each, and horse-
hair lin>s made to o0 on end of fobg,” 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

