---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_041.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, March 6, 1918

NO. 10

" FOUR AMERICAN SOLDIERS
SENTENCED TO BE SHOT

Unless President Wilson sees fit to set
aside the verdict of a field court-martial, four
American soldiers caught asleep while doing
sentry duty in the trenches before the enemy
in France, will have to face the firing squad.
. These are the first cases of the kind since
the American troops went to France. One
- soldier has been executed there for an unspeak-
able offense, anad in his case General Pershing
acted swiftly without referring it to Wash-
ington. : 2

In these cases, however, some extenuvating
circumstances may be found for the men,
tired and nerve-worn by front-line trench
duty in a hitherto unknown manner of warfare,
to save them from the death penalty at the
hands of their own fellows.

It is believed that the President will in the
end review their cases. Going to sleep on
sentry duty -has long been recognized as an
unforgivable offense punishable by death,
and such cases, rare as they have been in the
American army, have furnished some of the
most absorbing incidents in its history.

MUST WEAR BLUE UNIFORMS

A Washington correspondent writes that
it has been decided that members of the new
United States guard will rot be permitted to
wear regulation khaki and olive drab, despite
their complaints that the old army blue un-
iforms provided have subjected them to the
appellation of ‘‘stay-at-hcme herces.”” War
Depértment officials explained today that
blue uniforms such as formerly wcrn by reg-
ulars were adopted for the guard to obviate
the neces- ity of using cloth needed for the
fichting forces. The United Sta’es guard
recently was authorized strictly fer guard
duty within the United States.

PRESIDENT IND()RSES&H(}UR DAY

A Portland, Ore., correspondent says that
a telegram from President Wilscn indorsing
the action of the lumbermen of the North-
west in voluntarily granting a basic eight-
hour day in the lumber industry was received
by Colonel Brice P. Disque, head of the
Aeroplane Spruce Preductive Campaign. The
President’s telegram reads:

I was sincerely glad to hear of the action
of the lumbermen in instituting the eight-
hour day. I think they will find this an act
not only-of wise policy, but of good sense
from every point of view.”’ '

TO LOCATE AIR MAIL STATION
NEAR LEAGUE ISLAND

A Washington correspondent writes that an
air mail station will probably be located on
the flat lands near League Island. This much
is admitted as the result of the city-wide tour
of Otto Praeger, Second Assistant Postmaster
General; Postmaster Thornton, Major B. F.
Castle, U. S. S. C.;-Major N. W. Peck, U.
S. A. C.; and Mayor Smith and members of
the Chamber of Commerce.

The party looked several sites over, but
appeared keen over the League Island pros-
pects because of the approaches along the
boulevard which will enable motor trucks to
deliver their loads to the base without fear
of being tied up by traffic.

It is hoped to have the airline in operation
within six weeks.

POOR TO BENEFIT BY
NEW GAMBLING LAW

It is announced in alaterews despatchthat
the poor of New York city will reap a large
financial benefit from tke Jobkn Doe inquiry
into gambling conditions, District Attoiney
Swann predicted. Help for them will come
from the enforcement of a law which pro-
vides that ‘‘a person who wins or loses at
play or by betting the sum or value of $25 or
upward within the space of twenty-four
hours is punishable by a fine not less than
five times the value or sum so lost or won.”’

According to the law, Mr. Swann said, the
Commissioners of Charities would be the
nominal plaintiff in civil suits to recover the
money, which must be used. only for the
poor.

NOTORIETY SEEKERS NOT
WANTED IN NAVY

According to a late report, women seeking
notoriety as aspirants to radio operators po-
sitions in the navy and naval reserve force
were notified by the department that women
are not desired for such positions, because
they call for long experience and for both
land and sea duty. They were advised to
enter commercial telegraph companies, there-
by releasing men for military duty.

In the Sequoia national park, there are

1,156,000 sequoia trees. John Muir has stated

that a diameter ot 20 feet and a heightof 275
is about the average size, but trees 25feetin
diameter and nearly 300 feet in height are by
no means unusual.

SHIPBUILDERS WILL NEED
: 85,000 MORE MEN

A local authority declares that at least 85, -
000 men will be required to complete the 272
ships building or under contract in Deleware
River shipyards for the Emergency Fleet
Corporation, according to W. B. Fergusson,
the Philadelphia representative. He said
more than one-third of the war vessels and
merchant ships being constructed in the
United States were being built in the eleven
shipyards from Trenton to Deleware City.

Contracts for forty shipshave been awarded
to the Merchant shipbuilding Corporation at
Bristol. More than 5,000 men are now em-
ployed at this yard, and to finish the vessels
in contract time it is estimated that 10,000
more men will be needed.

The working force of 500 men at the Corn-
wells shipyard wiil be increased to 2000 to
turn out the ten vessels that have been
awarded to that yard

Sixty vessels are being built in one Philadel-
phia shipyard. Five thousand men are em-
ployed and all the vessels are for the Govern-
ment. If they can be found, another 1000
men are to be put to work. - It is said that
2,250,000 tons will be the Deleware River’s
first contribution toward the new merchant
fleet.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the February 26, meeting of the Board
of Delegates, the following were admitted to
membership; B 9050, 5491, 9055, 9053, 7427,
9049, 9059, 9054, 8179, 9057, 9029, 6£28, 9058;
B 9062—25¢c. We welcome this lone Pluto-
crat to our midst, and we wonder how he
managed to escape the Bond sellers, and In-
come Tax Collectors, and get in here with
that quarter. :

The Treasurer’s Report showed a Balance
of $80.99, and the new Treasurer’s face is
wreathed in smiles. The resignaticn of B
8558, Delegate 12—1st Gallery was'read, and
accepted. B 8562 being later appointed to
the vacaney. The thanks and best wiches of
the Club were tendered to B 5757, Delegate,
6th Gallery; and B 5921, Delegate, 5th Block,
leaving us on Parole; B 2740, and B 5165 were
later appointed to fill the respective vacan-
cies. A very sympathetic letter from Mr,
Cattell accepting Honorary Membership in
the Club was read, and ordered filed.

Expenditures of the week were; paid to B
7579, for Slippers, $1.00; to B 8415, Slippers,
T5¢; to B 6282, Serving Trays, $6.00; Sub-

(Continued on page 4)
