---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_042.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

#——_———-———————————-—_—-——

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 6, 1918.
mﬁ
““Start each day with a new hope, a new
spirit and a new joy.”’
—_——

DDl T el A Y2

One day several years ago, the general
manager of a large business house was in-
formed by one of his department chiefs that
an office boy had been detected taking money
from his desk, -

The general manager did’'nt seem in the
least disturbed at the information, but he
requested that the young man be sent to his
office. :

In the course of a few minutes the boy ap-
peared at the g. m’s. office bearing a look of
fright on his face. :

Telling the lad to take a seat, the manager
busied himself with some letters on his desgk,
and after a while he beckoned the boy to
move his ghair closer.

Then began a series of questions to all of
which the conscience-stricken youth gave
ready response, explaining home conditions
and other details that might enable his em-
ployer to see that his pilfering was not
really due to a desire to do wrong, but rather
from an impulse under strong temptation.

The boy was told to go back to his desk
and act as though nothing unusual had taken
place. This he did and continued his usual
daily task uninterrupted.

In the meantime the general manager had
gsent for his assistant who had made the com-
plaint and asked him just how the lad had
fallen into the habit of taking the money.

“Why,”” was the answer, ‘‘he has been
carrying this on for some time. I’ve been
missing small sums of money from my desk
from time to time.’’

““‘So you’ve told me before,’’ said the g. m.,
“‘but what I would like to know is, how did
he come to take these small sums in the
first place?”’

“Well, T believe I can make that clear to
you,’’ said the assistant. ‘‘The fact is, I al-
ways keep some small change on my desk for
miscellaneous purposes, and the boy devel-
oped the habit of taking a little at a time
until the habit mastered him.”’

‘country. They have a verb,

2

““That is what I expected to hear,
the general manager. ‘‘Now suppose you
send for his record and give me an account,
so that I can see how the lad is rated.””

The records is the case showed that the
lad had proved himself willing and obedient
to instructions and in other ways had shown
his capabilities. So it was decided to over-
look the fauxz pas and give the youth an-
other chance.

The wisdom of this step proved itself later
as the boy climbed steadily upward, helped
and encouraged by his employer, and after
several years of road experience he developed
into one of the most trusted and successful
men in the corporation’s employ.

As a further proof of his fitness for re-
sponsibility it is said of him that today he is
not only one of the most popular men in the
trade, but he is always ready to help the un-
fortunate, and a dauntless champion of the
erring worker.

Did it pay to give the misguided youth a
chance to redeem himself? Well, the result
would seem to answer the question without
further comment.

THE EMBLEM OF FRANCE

It is well to know that the fluer de lis is
the emblem of France, and is believed to be
the white-flowered Florentine Iris, the flower
de luce. ‘‘“What sayest thou, my fair flower
de luce?’’ says the English king tothe French
princess in Shakespeare’s play. The French
have a pretty legend of their lily which tells
that at the baptism of King Clovis, of the
long and perfumed hair, a blue banner came
fluttering down from heaven over which were
sprinkled golden fluer de lis. From that
time to this they appear on the arms of the
““fluerdelises,’’
meaning to embroider scattered flowers over
a fabric, or, as embroiderers say, to ‘‘pep-
per with flowers.”” Edward III borrowed
the lilies of France after his war with that
country and they were born by English un-
til the beginning of the nineteenth century.

MIXED POPULATION OF HOLY CITY

The exceptionary heterogeneous population
of the holy city can be imagincd when one
remembers that it is the duty of every good
Moslem to make the pilgrimage once. Islam
is a widely spread religion. From the south
of Africa, from Madagascar, where the old

Arab slave trade flourished; from all the .

states of the Barbary coast the pilgrims
come; from the wide domains of the sultan,
from Egypt, the Balkans and the near east,
and from Afghanistan, India, Burma, China
and Japan. Even from under the American
flag they come, from the southern Philippine
Islands of Mindanao and Palawan. Moham-
med promised Mecca that he would make her
the center of the cities of the earth and to
some extent at least the promise is fulfilled.

said

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

pr———rre—

UNFAILING CONFIDENCE ESSENTIAL

Confidence is the greatest essential. Contin-
uous confidence is the ideal of your own mak-
ing that compels success, observes an educa-
tor. Some men never question the possibility
of defeat. They may have set-backs but
not defeats. They are right and know them-
selves tobe right. The rest of the world
may be ranged against them for all they
care. They have a mission ard nothing short
of it will satisfy. That’s what you should
have. Get the proper self-estimate and
move up to your place. \

THE SETTLEMENT OF ST. LOUIS

It is recorded that the first permanent set-
tlementon the site of St. Louis was established
in 1764 by Pierre Ligueste Laclede, but it
was not until 108 years ago that the future
city was incorporated as a town. Founded
by the French, the frontier post was for a
time under Spanish domination, but was re-
stored to France and in 1803 transferred to
the United States. The inaugnration of
steamboat traffic on the Mississippi gave the
town a boom, and in 1822 it was incorporated
as a city, with an area of 385 acres and a
population of about 5,000. For a decade the
population remained almost stetionary, but
by 1840 it had reached the 17,000 mark. The
revolution in Germany in 1848 gave St. Louis
another big push forward, for thousands of
exiles from the kingdom of the Hohenzollerns
found a refuge in the Missouri city. St.
Louis also had a large Irish-born contingent.

For a time feeling ran high against the
foreigners. The native American spirit was
rampant and resulted in many bloody riots.

OAK FIRST WOOD FOR TABLES

Oak was the wood first used in tables then
walnut came into general use in the middle of
the seventeenth century. An early form of
table was the chair table, convenient because
it served the purpose of a seat when the top
was lifted and stood against the side of the
room. But gradually the table took its pres-
ent form and use. 1t became the custom to
leave the board upon the trestle instead of
removing both, and in time the piece of fur-
niture was called the table.
