---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_043.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

ARCTIC SUNLIGHT DAZZLING

In addition to the sharp wind there is an-
other perculiarity of the inland ice which adds
to the difficulties to be encountered in the
Arctic,says anexplorer. That is the extreme
intensity of the sunlight, which can be real-
ized only by those who have experienced it.
During the summer months the sun shinesas
brightly there in clear weather as anywhere
further south, and this continuous brilliancy
is intensified a hundredfold by the reflection
from endless fields of glistening, sparkling
snow, unrelieved by a single object. The
strongest eyes can stand such a blinding

glare only a few hours without protection. -

We always wore heavy smoked glasses, and
when in camp found it impossible to sleep
without still further protecting the eyes by
tying a narrow band of fur about them to
exclude the light. Only when a storm is
brewing does this intense light become sub-
dued. At such times, however, the sky and
snow take on a peculiar gray, opaque light,
which is even more trying than the sunlight.

NEW STYLE VIOLIN

An entire departure from the conventional
lines of violin construction has been made in
an instrument for which patents have recently
been granted to an Illinoisinventor, Robert L.
Yeakey. The body of the violin is cylindrical
in form. However, the sound post and bass-
bar in a modified form are necessarily re-
tained. The instrument is provided with a
chin rest, so shaped as to be extended lat-
erally while in use and of folding against the
instrument when not in use.

The appearance of the violin is most ex-
traordinary, but it is said that.the quality
and volume of tone is the equal of that found
in hand-made violins of conventional con-
struction. The peculiar form involves a sim-
plification in the mode of manufacture and
admits of instruments being made almost
wholly by machinery, while still possessing
excellent tone quality.

RABBITS AND HARES

All of the domestic varieties of rabbits,
except the Belgian hare, are descendants of
the burrowing rabbits of the Old World, and
the big European hare, almost as large as our
western jackrabbit, is the ancestor of the so
called Belgian form, which is now so popular
as a domestic animal of profit and is becom-
ing more so, observes an exchange.

In the Northern hemisphere of the New
World we have many more species of hares
than the Old World can boast of, as the cot-
tontail, the Southern swamp hare, the Arctic
hare or snow-shoe rabbit and two species of
of Western jackrabbits or giant hares. Yet
we have not successfully domesticated one
of these forms, though this might be done
as a matter of profit in the production of
meat.

A GOLDEN RULE
When I find myself sitting in judgment
On the faults of a brother man
When I’'m tempted to censure his follies,
And harshly his conduct to scan;
When T tell him, ‘“You should do that way,”’
And morally certain ‘tis true:
I remember how many do likewise.
And cry to myself, ‘“Now do you?’’

If I notice my friend getting reckless
And making too free with his cash:
If another appears rather heady
And a little inclined to be rashed;
If one wastes and one hoards and one borrows
In a manner I think they must rue;
I am somewhat disposed to excuse them
When I say to myself, ‘‘Haven’t you?”’
Is a neighbor exacting and selfish?
Is he haughty, disdaining, ‘‘the mob?”’
Is he a meddlesome, clumsy, intrusive,
Or a bigot, a pendant, or snob?
Is he shallow, unsteady, or stupid?
And I find myself taking that view:
I revert to the sins that beset me,
And say to myself, ““Are not you?”’
: —Anon.

ISLAND HIDDEN BY CLOUDS

White Island, 30 miles distant from New
Zealand, is probably the most extraordinary
island in the world. It is an enormous mass
of rock nearly three miles in circumference
rising 900 feet above the sea, and is perpet-
ually enveloped in dark clouds, which are
visible for nearly a hundred miles, says a
writer.

This island consists almost entirely of sul-
phur, with a small percentage of gypsum.
Some years ago an attempt was made to
float a company to work the sulphur, which
is of high quality; but, strange to say, suf-
ficient capital was not subseribed. There-
fore the export of sulphur from White Island
is still very small.

In the interior is a lage fully fifty acres in
extent, the vapor of which hasatemperature
of 110 degrees F. andis strongly impregnated
with acids. On one side of this lake are cra-
ters from which steam escapes with a great
force and noise. This steam and the vapor
form the dark cloud which envelopes the

island.

ORIGINALLY DEMOCRATIC

Over six hundred years ago it was the old
Russia that arose out of Rurik the Norman’s
conquest, and had it’s capital at Kiev. There

were czars and overlords after a fashion.

But the real government of Russia was in -

the market place at Kiev and on every little
town and village on the great wide steppes,
where on the great days of the year the
people gathered together, warriors, traders,
women, too, choose their local official. The
original heart of Russia was democratic to

the core.

SHELLS THAT CUT WRIE

A correspondent writes that there seems
no limit to what the new shells can do. One
of the latest shells has a sort of scissors at-
tachment which, when released by the ex-
plosion, will cut through the strongest wire
entanglements. Another releases a number
of short chains when it explodes. These
chains ars sure to wreck anything they touch.

The scissors shell has an opening in the
casting through which the cutting arms. pro-
ject. They are slightly recessed in order to
avoid wind resistance. The arms are attached
near the nose of the projectile. They are
mounted on steel studs in such a manner
that they can rock and expand in order to
throw the free ends outward at the base of
the shell.

The fuse is made in the ordinary way and
behind itis a chamber for the explosivecharge.
The projectile is fired just as any shell
is fired. The explosion releases the cutting
arms and they cut throngh any object with
devastating force.

The chain shell is constructed similarly ex-
cept that short chains are wound around the
gaine and separated by disks which keep them
in place until the projectile is emptied.

Sometimes the chains are weighted heavily
at the ends. When the explosion takes place
the chains fly out with fearful force and in
addition to their high-speed forward meve-
ment they rotate rapidly. Needless to say,
where they hit something there is nothing
left.

INDUSTRY OF THE INDIANS

The Indians are rapidly undertaking all
the duties of American citizens, justifying
the policy of treating them as competent to
manage their own affairs which the Govern-
ment now pursues. Inthe last six years they
have almost doubled their acreage of culti-
vated land, have multiplied two and a half
times the value of their crops, and five times
the value of their live stock sold. The food
production campaign this year has increased
from 25 to 50 per cent., the cultivated acre-
age of their lands, of which 40,060 to 56,900
additional acres will be placed under lease-
hold cultivation next year. Indians subscriked
$4,707,850 _in Liberty Bonds and a thou-
cand students and ex-students of Indian
schools enlisted as volunteers. The time is
past when the Indian can appropriately be
called ‘“Poor Lo.”’ :

HEART KEPT BUSY

Your heart is a very busy organ. While
you breathe once, it beats four times, says
Popular Science, Monthly. At each beat it
sends four pounds of blood through your veins
and arteries. The weight of the circulating
blood is 29 pounds. When you run, your legs
and the other parts of your body need more
blood, so your heart must pump faster.
