---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_044.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 1)

scriptions to Magazines, $2.25. Receipts of
the week; from Circulating Library, $8.25;
Donations .55¢; from sales made through Mr.
Dipple, $38.65.

The Board of Governors was reorganized
during the week by the appointment of B
8436 to the vacancy created by theretirement
of B 8361, whose increased, and increasing,
business cares caused a much-to-be-regretted
withdrawal from the affairs of State. Few
members have done more for the Club, and
the general welfare of the Inmates, than he,
and we hope his eclipse will be but tempo-
rary. B 8436 was elected Chairman of the
new Board, and entered upon his new duties
with a vigor and earnestness of purpose
which speaks volumes for his interest in the
Club.

The First Section were royally entertained
on Saturday afternoon at a Vaudeville and
Picture Show, which was the equal of any
seen here this winter, and which leaves us
more than ever in Miss Russell’s and Mr.
Kraupa’s debt.

During the short interval of waiting for
the arrival of Mr. Kraupa, and the “‘fillums,”’
Prof. Weigandt led his Ever-Victorious Band
through some musical mazes; and one of the
Professors newest recruits, B 8932, a Wizard
with the Trombone, an instrument whose
intricacies we could never fathom, was led to
the stage like an early Christian martyr to
the lions, and surprised everybody by the ex-
cellence of his performance. It was whis-
pered around on reliable authority that he
had the contract to awaken the inhabitants
of his old home town, whenever the factory
whistle was out of order.

It was but a few minutes-later that Mr.
Kraupa appeared with his assistant, and the
precious films, and the Screen flashed into
life, revealing to us the escapades and mis-
adventures of ‘‘Madcap Madge’’ the Life of
a Young Ladies Boarding School, and the
despair of a tuft-hunting Mamma. It wasa
very delightful Comedy, and kept the audi-
ence in-a very contented state of mind from
start to finish, being broken in the middle to
permit the early precentaticn of the Vaude-
ville portion of the Show.

There were but three acts, but the bill
made up il:] quality, for any lack of quantity,
and was very highly appreciated by all who
saw it. The first act of the afternoon’s bill
was presented by ‘‘Professor’”” Douglass,
Ventriloquist, who was a master of his art,
and kept the audience in both mystified, and
merry mood during the period of his ‘‘turn.”’

The words he put in the mouths of his
manikins, ‘“Uncle Tom,’” and “‘Trilby,”’ ete.,
were droll, indeed. Many of our members
would have liked to have discovered the se-
cret of how it was done, so that they could
send their voice in to report to their Qver-
seer, while they stayed out in the yard to

see the ball games, but all their watching
was in vain.

Mr. David Ellison, Contortionist, followed,
and we feel morally certain that the mouths
of some members of the audience are still
agape with wonderment at Mr. Ellison’s per-
formance. To see him tuck his feet into his
floating ribs, and walk across the stage cn
his medulla oblongata, was a sight for Gods,
and men; while his ability to transform him-
self into a flying-fish at will, was perhaps
the most amazing performance of all. Mr.
Ellison could never have the same difficulty
we experience in the tying of a bow-tie; he
would simply hang the thing over a chair,
and tie himself around it.

Lorette, Juggler, closed the most enter-
taining bill; and was the greatest °‘hit’’ of
the afternoon. In a comedy ‘‘make-up,’’ he
did some juggling which causeda his delighted
audience to applaud him to the echo. His
work with the three bails was better than
of any pawn-broker we know—and speaking
sub-rosa, we knew ’em all—but the audience
most appreciated his performance with some
cigar boxes, the more so, as all the Tenth
was there to see, and a gentleman was heard
to remark that there wasn’t a man on the
Block who could juggle them more success-
fully. We extend to him, and to the two
gentlemen preceding him, our hesrtiest
thanks for a most delightful hour, and the
most cordial of invitaticns to return, and
give those who were so unfortunate as to be
unable to be present the pleasure of see-
ing them.

Mr. Kraupa mounted the stage for a few
moments at the close of the act, and repeat-
ed his plea of the preceding Saturday cn be-
half of the Kiddie’s Xmas Fund. It is our
sincere hope that every member will contrib-
ute to this fund according ‘to his means;
will show by the measure of his giving his
appreciation of the work Miss Russell, and
Mr. Kraupa has done, and are doing for us.
It is the sole reward they ask, that we be as
as generous as they, and remember cur own,
the little children whose lives have been
darkened by our deeds, and help them to at
least one Happy Day. It is a small thing
that we are asked to do, in comparison with
such as theirs, and and ‘‘cursed be he who
first cries, hold’ enough.’’

The remaining reels of ‘‘Madcap Madge’’
being run off to a triumphant conclusion
with everyone married who weasn’t already
addicted, and the old homestead happily
saved, Mr. Kraupa put on a finishing touch,
a very merry Farce, entitled ‘‘The Book-
worm Turns,’”’ being a few "hectic hours in
the life of a studious, be-spectacled youth,
who apparently read a book about as often
as the average youth of his age rolls a cigar-
ette, a maiden fair, an Athletic Instructor,
and a bevy of fair co-eds, with some ‘‘Kom-
edy Kops’’ filled in the back-ground, and
made a picture which was really funny.

— B 8266 Secretary.

"BOATS— Sail-boats

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (&%)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. h

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block. 3
FOR SALE—$50 English Banjo-Mandolin® in
leather case, with 6 sets of Mandolin-Guitar
folios. Price, $25. Bg662, 12 B-2nd Gallery.
made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand
screws, and 1 large jack plane. B 3847, 7 B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
neckiaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, Tth Block. > e
FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE-—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for oil-painted
Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, Tth Gal.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, T5¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE~— Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.

and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.
FOR SALE—Small mantel clock. Price

$1.00. B 8900, 6th Block.

WATCHES, clocks, phonograptis and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscienticus
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Bleck.

PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfacticn guaranteed. B 3079,
1st Block.

FOR SALE-—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block. 4, TP e
FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. = B 8203, 6th.B.
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the proflts. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

hand bros in manv different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE —Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. §778{)96_,778097. 10th Block.
PICTURE framing of micsion wood.and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
A1l work gunmn’reeﬂ.i B 8016, 9th B],O_(tk'
FOR SAT.F—F-~nr oold fish and aquarium.
Cheap. TR5949, 1sr’r‘wmnr-k.

FOR SAT.E—1 Reaver’s oil nainting outfit,
22 00. Also watch fobs 50e each. and horse-
hair links made ta 00 on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

