---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_045.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, March 13, 1918‘

NO. 11

SPLENDID WAR SERVICE IN THE

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY

While the beautiful strains of the British
National Anthem softly pleaded with Provi-
dence to watch and protect the empire be-
yona the seas and her beloved, a young
Aus:ralian—a British officer—stood like a
good soldier at attention while fifteen hun-
dred inmates rose as one in recognition of
his loyalty.

The thrills of patriotism undoubtedly ran
through all during these few minutes—be-
cause the strains interpreted so much this
Sunday morning. It was asif it brought a
message from ravaged Belgium and bleeding
France to a bigger brother on this side to
come hastily to the rescue, before it was too
late, and Captain David Fallon, M. C., was
sent to bring the message, because he could
tell of the necessity better than others. He
had come fresh frcm the trenches; ke had
seen with his own eyes the cruelties «f war;
he had been in the thickest of the fights; he
had listened to the pitiful tragedies of down-
trodden, peaceful Belgium; and he had been
mangled, and had suffered to do his bit for
his motherland. ‘

On his entry he was greeted with strains
of the National Anthems from the Peniten-
tiary Band under Prof. A. F. Wiegandt.

To Mr. Lafferty we once more must pay
our tribute for the honor bestowed on us in
here, when others seem to have forgotten
us, in that he brought to us a while ago real
pictures of the war in yonder ‘‘No man’s
Land,”’ pictures that gave us a splendid con-
ception of the enormity of this war, and
_what is really taking place across the sea
and many a one left the hall that day with
the determination to enlist for the cause as
soon as released, and when Mr. Lafferty

brought within these walls a real British

soldier, fresh from the trenches to verify
what we have seen in pictures, one must say
that we are fortunate to have on the Board
of Inspectors such a man of sympathy and
good-will, and if such kindness and courtesy
to convicts do not reach the best there is in
man, then he is beyond redemption.

Clad in the khaki uniform of a British offi-
cer, Captain Fallon stepped upon the little
platform, decorated with the emblems of
Britain and United States, at his side ap-
peared the President of the Board of Inspec-
tors, Mr. Carver, who in a few selected
words introduced the speaker, and then left
him alone under the protection of two beau-

tiful Old Glory’s that were raised on either
side of him.

We wereall amazed at the ease with which he
took his ovation, and the powerful control he
had over his manner of speech as he went on
to tell how the eall to arms had reached the
shores of his peaceful country in the Anti-
podes, and how poor and rich, old and young
threw away their plow and pen, and rallied
to the colors of a country fifteen thousand
miles away, a flag they dream of replacing
once with one of their own, but which they
now in time of stress would give their life
to uphold.

In thousands they embarked for Europe,
and those who have followed up the war
from its beginning remember what this
young Australian told us, how they were at
once sent to the hottest of the fight down in
the Mediterranean, where the Turks, aided
by the Germans, were playing havoc with
the British fleets attempt to -break through
the Dardanelles.

He told us how the shots and shells fell
thick around them as they embarked in little
boats ready to force a landing, and how they
managed to get a foothcld ¢n the Gallipoly
peninsula, how the steep and seemingly un-
surmountable mountain ranges faced them,
but how they obeyed the orders to attack,
how they had to dig into the sides of the
cliffs gripholes and footholes, and how they
at last, with but their rifles and cartridge
belts, succeeded to reach the top.

But the victory had cost the Union Jack
many of their best men. He told us of the
failure of this landing, and how they were
ordered to retreat, in a true British fashion
he told of the disappointment that were
theirs, but loyal. to the orders of his supe-
riors, they withdrew after having left behind
them in the crevasses of the hills more than
two thirds of their number.

Captain Fallon then brought us to the
battlefields of France, —and now he pictured
to us the scenes we have often read of but
hardly believed, because of cruelties unheard
of among civilized people, but here stood he
and told us the same thing, how the Germans
had run across the little peaceful Belgium,
and how they were not satisfied with victory
alone, but how they allowed their animal
nature to control them, how they took the
life of little innocent children, how they rav-

(Continued on page 4)

NEW INVENTION FIRES
33,000 BULLETS A MINUTE

A late news report brings the information
that a Boston inventor has patented a cen-
trifugal gun that is capable of discharging
33,000 shots a minute.

The manufacture of the gun is being con-
ducted with the greatest secrecy at some
place in the east not made known to the
public. In a recent test, the inventor claims
the gun was aimed at sheets of steel plate
three-quarters of an inch thick, and after
several minutes of discharge, the largest
were examined and it was found that the
missiles penetrated the steel sheets asthough
they were paper. The bullets are made of
steel similar to ball-bearing.

One strong point in the new gun’s favor
is, that it has no barrel to overheat, and
the mechanism is so simple that jamming is
impossible.

It is claimed that the War Department has
become interested in the new weapon, and
arrangements for a test will be made shortly.

OVERSEERS ORGANIZE
STRONG BASEBALL TEAM

[0

E. S. P. Leaguers will have to ‘‘sit up and
take notice’’ that Manager Al. Dutton has
organized a strong team of ball players from
the ranks of the overseers, who will endeavor
to show their superior knowledge and skill
of the game to the lesser lights.

The following list of able-bodied hustlers
ought to put ‘‘some snap’’ in this seasons
contests. Manager, Capt Dutton; Pitcher,
Thos. Cloherty; Catcher, Walter Mitchell;

S.S, Wm. Wenkenback; 1st.Base, Wm.
Lentz; 2nd.Base, Geo. Schild; 3rd.Base,
John MecGrath; R.Field, Wm. Anderson;
C.Field, Mansel Tweed; L.Field, Harry

Hendrickson; Subs, Thos. Cairns and Wm.
Rutledge; Mascot, Pen. Garber; Water Boy,
Wm. Collins; Bat Boy, Kid Casey; Umpire,
John Montgomery; Score Keeper, Wm Greeby.

COUNTERFEITING TOO COSTLY

Counterfeiters are having a hard time of it
these days, as was recently divulged, owing
to war time prices making metals so costly
that all first-class sperious coin makers are
going out of the business. That is the ex-
planation of United States Treasury Depart-
ment men accounting for the marked de-
crease in counterfeiting since war begun.

“‘Cultivate new patience with the faults' of
others aud study your faults with care.’’
