---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_046.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

W
#——_—.—_——“

THE UMPIRE
=$=—__—_——:——_——_———

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 13, 1918.
_—_ﬁ:
“A man’s supreme source of joy should be
his religion. If this is not so there 1is some-
thing wrong.”’
__———__—_—"—_—————_—'ﬁ

YOl LE WINSEYOU TRY:

It goes without saying that some men have
the push-ahead germ well developed at an
early age, while others seem seriously lack-
ing in that essential, which counts for so
much in our path of life. Perhaps no better
example could be shown to illustrate that
point than the following account of a young
Swede who came to this country only a few
years ago, a stranger in a strange land, with
practically no money and no friends to give
him help or counsel. Today he has a good
business and a number of prominent business
men as his friends, and itissaid that his bank
account amounts to a substantial sum.

In talking over the business prospects in
this country recentily, the young man was
asked how he succeeded so quickly, and why
many customers were to be found at hisstore,
while others in his line of trade were com-
plaining.. His answer came quickly, ‘‘Be-
cause 1 try to s°nd every customer away
pleased and sati-fied. If I haven’t just what
he wants then I’ll order it for him.”’

That would seem to be the point summed
up in few words. He tries to please and to
satisfy his trade. How much lies back of
that for all to heed. Any man who makes a
practice of doing thatin his line of work is
bound to succeed.

A popular trade journal recently queried of
its readers: Don’t you think if you made
every effort your best, and each effort better
than the last, the result would be a veritable
gold mine? Of course to that question there
is but one answer, and that is in the affirma-
tive.

If all of us would take that lesson to heart,
how much easier it would be to get along in
this world of ups and downs. It is the little
things that count for so much in our daily
efforts to make ends meet. If we could only
see this in time, how many of us would at
least be on the road to success, instead of a
misfit or an object of another’s pity.

SLIPSHOD WORK DEGRADING

There can be but little doubt that many a
man owes hls downfall to a slipshod way of
doing his work and thereby losing interest,
the great essential in any line of employ-
ment, if a man expects to do anything really
worth while.

‘““We are, none of us,”’ says Ruskin, ‘‘so
good architects as to be able to work habit-
ually beneath our strength; and yet there is
not a building that I know of, lately raised,
wherein it is not sufficiently evident that
neither architect nor builder has done his
best. It is the especial characteristic of
modern work. All old work nearly has been
hard work. It may be the hard work of
children, of barbarians, of rustics; but it 1s
always their utmost.”’

Such being the case let us have an end of
this kind of work at once; cast off every
temptation to it; do not let us degrade our-
selves voluntarily, and then mutter and mourn
over our shortcomings; let us confess our
poverty or our parsimony, but not belie our
human intellect. It is not a question of doing
more, but of doing better. Do not let us
boss our roofs with wretched, half-worked,
blunt-edged rosette; do not let us flank our
gates with rigid imitations of medieval stat-
uary. Such things are mere insults to com-
mon sense, and only unfit us for feeling the
nobility of their phototypes.

¢

A DISTINCT LOSS

Recent news reports announce the death of
Miss Letha Walls, of Huntington, W. Va.,
secretary of the Prisoner’s Aid Society, an
organization for the help of discharged pris-
oners.

It is said of Miss Watts that she was inde-
fatigable in her labor for the help of the ex-
prisoner, and that she literally sacrificed her
life to bring about success in the field of her
endeavor. That she should have been called
away just at the bloom of womanhood will no
doubt seem a great loss to her many friends
and relatives, as well as the large number of
prisoners to whom she had endeared herself
by her incessant labor of love to bring relief
and encouragement to the ex-prisoner at the
time of greatest need,— the time when he is
to face the world in an effort to rehabilitate
himself and take a new start in life.

WAR PROFITEERS

Profiteering—that is, using the war for
personal gain—has become a term of the
greatest reproach. It is a fighting word
everywhere. You can’t say a much more
harmful thing about any man than that he is
turning the distress of his country, says Col-
lier’s Weekly, and the sacrifices that other
men are making, to his own profit. The
more he conceals his methods, the more pains
he takes to pretend a public service, the
worse he is. But there are other forms of

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.
General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

profiteering besides money making.

Any man who uses the war for his person-
al advantage is a profiteer. Bernard Shaw
spilling tawdry epigrams on the principle
that boys are dying for, is as much a profi-
teer as the grocer who overcharges his cus-
tomers. The employer of labor who attempts
to enforce the ‘‘open shop,’”’ and the labor
union bodies who take advantage of war
conditionsto order strikesfor a ‘‘clcred skcp”’
are equally profiteers. Any man who looks
upon the war as an opportunity to increase
his personal or political prestige, to promote
the aims of sectionalism, to forward political
ideas which the public would not accept in
times of peace, to get the people of this
country ‘‘out of step,’’ is a profiteer. The
spite tax legislation of Claucde Kitchen is
profiteering. The Presidential booms of
half a dozen men in Washington are profi-
teering of a very bad and dargerous sort.
Playing cheap politics, giving offices to in-
competent men, refusing to give office to
competent men in the government of the
smallest village—these are all profiteering.
Those who are engaged in it are referred to
the familiar words of Mark viii :36.

ABOUT THE USE OF CEMENT

Tt is said that cement was first put on the
market in England. It was still being im-
ported into this country in 1875. It was at
this time that the use of Portland cement in
the United States came into commercial prom-
inence. When the product was first placed
on the market in competition with that which
was being imported from England and Ger-
many, a good price was demanded. How-
ever, production in excess of demand soon
resulted and it proved a big factor in the
price cutting that followed.

In its editorial columns the New Era con;-
ments that it is just as easy to get out of
this place with sentimental letter-writing as
it is to convince the officials you deserve a
21-gun salute fired in your honor on the day
of your discharge.

Yes, yes! But how are we going to im-
press that fact on the host of writers who
fail to see that a little applied personal effort
is worth loads of glittering generalities?
