---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_047.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

e e B R e e o
-— = . e e

PRE-COLUMBIAN CIVILIZATION

Prof. Elliot Smith has been recently de-
veloping in an extraordinary interesting man-
ner the thesis that the pre-Columbian civili.
zations of America—or at least many import-
ant features in those civilizations—were not
truly aboriginal, but came in a cultural wave
from Asia across the Pacific ocean, the orig-
inal starting point of the most remarkable
characteristics being Egypt, observes a writer
in Science Progress. '

Professor Smith believes that the extreme-
ly p::uliar culture of Egypt was spread east.
wards by mariners, mainly Phoenicians, for
several centuries after B. C. 8(G0. To quote
the author’s own woras, he thinks that ‘‘the
essential elements of the ancient civilizations
of India (the pre-Aryan civilizations,) Fur-
ther India, the Malay archipelago, Oceania
and America were brought in succession to
each of these places by mariners, whose Or-
iental migrations began as trading intercourse
between the eastern Mediterranean and India
some time after 800 B. C., and that the high-
ly complex and artificial culture which they
spread abroad was derived largely from
Egypt (not earlier than the twenty-first dy-
nasty,) but also included many important
accretions’’ from other sources, and that
after traversing Asia and Oceania, and be.
coming modified on the way, the stream fin-
allv “‘continued for many centuries to play
upon the Pacific littoral of America, where it
was responsible for planting the germs of
the pre-remarkable Columbian civilization.”’

GREAT FROST DEPTH IN ALASKA

The great depth of permanently frozen
soil in polar and subpolar regions is a subject
of perennial interest, concerning which few
data are available. In numerous excavations
made in placer mining in Alaska the ground
is permanently frozen to depths, beginning
eighteen inches or two feetbelow the surface.

In the Klondike, according to the Geological
Magazine, the alluvium is frozen to a depth
of about two hundred feet. At Fairbanks
permanent ground frost has been found at
many places to a depth of more than two hun-
dred feet, and the deepest shaft there pen-
etrated 318 feet of frozen alluvium. In
Seward Peninsula many holes in permanently
frozen alluvium are more than seventy-five
feet deep and one is nearly 200 feet deep.

On the other hand, some ground in this
region is not frozen, for reasons not under-
stood. According to Dr. A. H. Brooks, when
the moss is stripped from the soil the ground
thaws, and with open cut mining or cultiva-
tion the upper level of permanent ground
frost seems gradually todescend. It is there-
fore believed that this ground frost isa sur-
vival of a climate colder than the prgsent one
and is preserved by the nonconducting mat
of moss and other vegetation.

BLACK SHEEP

From their folded mates they wander far,
Their ways seem harsh and wild;

They follow the beck of a baleful star,
Their paths are dream-beguiled.

Yet haply they sought but a wider range,
Some loftier mountain-slope,

And little recked of the couniry strange
Beyond the gates of hope.

And haply a bell with a luring call
Summoned their feet to tread

Midst the cruel rocks, where the deep pitfall
And the lurking snare are spread.

Maybe, in spite of their tameless days
Of outcast liberty,

They’re sick at heart for the homely ways
Where their gathered brothers be. 3

And oft at night, when the plains fall dark
And the hills loom large and dim,

For the Shepherd’s voice they mutely hark,
And their souls go out to him.

Meanwhile, ‘‘Black sheep! Black sheep! we
cry,
Safe in the inner fold;
And maybe they hear, and wonder why,
And marvel, out in the cold. ’
—Raichard Burton.

RAISING SHIPS BY AIR

A novel method of salvaging sunken ships
has been devised by Dr. Sylvio Pellico Por-
tella, of Rio de Janeiro. The invention con-
sists of a specially built tender which carries
collapsible floats made of waterproof material.

The fioats occupy very little space until they
are put into use and inflated. They are con-
structed in such a manner that they will as-
sume a number of different shapes when they
are inflated.

Taken down to the wreck by divers, they
are attached to the vessel both inside and
outside and are connected with the tender by
lines of hose. When in place they are inflated
by air pressure from the tender. As they
swell they displace the water frcm within as
well as from without, and their buoyancy
causes the wreck to float upward to the sur-

face.
ELECTRIC CANOES BECOMING POPULAR

A technical paper declares that since its
first appearance in 1908, the electric canoe
has become a feature of the upper Thames in
England. The motor and storage battery are
placed amidships, the frail structure being
suitably strengthened, and some of the little
craft carry besides this load eight passen-
gers, though a capacity of four is more com-
mon. A steering wheel with a three-bladed
propeller is usual in recent designs. For the
average canoe a thirty-cell battery suffices,
and carries a charge for a day’s run. Silent
running ana freedom from vibration are ad-
vantages over the gasoline launch.

FOUND SUBS.TITUTE FOR ANTHRACITE

A New York correspondent writes of the in-
vention of a new process for converting bi-
tuminous coal into a new feul to be called
carbocoal —which is said to be the equal of
anthracite coal—is announced by C. H. Smith,
a coal mining engineer. It is asserted that
the new feul is smokeless, very hard and
dense in structure and occupies approximately
the same space as run of mine coal. The in-
ventor says that it will go as long a way to-
ward increasing the supply of smokeless fuel
for domestic use and will afford, for the
first time, a fuel that will burn without smoke
and still permit the high steaming rates
neccessary in modern railway, marine and
power operating. A corporation, to be
known as the International Coal Products
Corporation, of which the inventor is the
president, has been formed to put the new
product on the market.

The process, bluntly, takes the raw coal
and, through simple and economical methods
seperates the rich oils from the pure carbon
and in turn presses into convenient shape
for use the carbon, which is being today com-
mercially used for household and powerplant
purposes. A method of coal distillation at
relatively low temperatures is used, in which
there is simultaneously extracted from the
coal a soft quantity of coal-tar products to
offset largely the cost of converting the raw
cval into a refined smokeless product.

INVENTS NEW STABILIZER

A correspondent writes thatan Easton, Pa.,
inventor has just been notified that the Gov-
ernment has granted him a patent on an au-
tomatic stabilizing device forairplanes. The
device may be attached to a machine of any
size or design, and Galle has offered the free
use of the patent to the United States dur-
ing the present war, and it soon will be giv-
en an official trial. :

“‘In some respects, the device will revolu-
tionize flying, as it will reduce the danger to
an almost unthought of degree,”” says the
inventor. ‘It will also enable the operator
of a machine gunon an airship to do more
effective work, because he can get a better
and more uniform line of sight.”” Galle is a
native of Italy, but is a naturalized Amer-
ican and has served in the Army.

A GREAT RUBBER PRODUCER

The Malay peninsula is the largest rubber-
producing and rubber-exporting country in
the world. Ten years ago the production
was small, as compared with that of Brazil,
which was then the principal source of supply.

Its advent to first place as arubber-produc-
ing country is due to its favorable climatic
and soil conditions.

‘‘Be sure you’re right, then go ahead.”’
