---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_048.jpg
---
4

WAR SERVICE IN THE PENITENTIARY
~ (Continued from page 1)
‘aged ‘{he women and then put them to
death slowly by unheard of methods, how the
lust of blood seemed to be uppermost in a
nation of men we have learned of in school
to be enlightened and human.

He told his own personal experiences from:

the trenches, how he risked his life many a
time as a scout, how his English pluck
saved him in tight moments, how he saw
comrades fall around him, and how cruelly
they were mangled.

He told of his scars, he pictured to us the
noble and splendid work of the Red Cross
Nurses, and how they had comforted him
while he was in the hospital, and like all
other young men he blurted out his love for
them, and that he wouldn’t minded staying
with them a bit longer.

His most thrilling stories covered the pe-
riod he spent in flying over the enemies tren-
ches, and how he brought down several of
his opponents, but he told us also how a
shot had hit his machine and how his pilot
was forced to come down, but fortunately
out of reach of the enemy. G

His right hand hung limp at his side, for it
had bore the greatest brunt of his experi-
ence, it was paralized and with two fingers
missing, a scar marked his face, and upon
his body was fourteen other reminiscences of
the war.

And as he could do no more actual fighting
at the front, he volunteered to muster more
men and more money for the successful
carrying out of the war, and knowing of no
broader field than these United States he
came here to tell what he knew and what he
experienced, and to bring to us the urgent
appeal to wake up and do our best for the
cause, that the brutality of the Huns might
be stopped, that France might be given back
her own, Belgium given back her homes, and
peace and order restored throughout the
world.

As he ended his lecture, he said his tribute
to.our President and to the Nation which
came to the rescue, and he predicted that
with this country’s aid the time would soon
come when Germany would be crushed. *

When he had finished his speech, Mr.
Carver again mounted the platform and con-
verted to him the thanks and gratitude of
this Institution for the great honor and
courtesy paid it.

He also told the Captain of the Club of
ours, and how thankful and pleased its mem-
bers were for this treat, and after having
been announced an Honorable member, he
was presented with a silken pillow cover upon
which was hand painted the emblems of
Great Britain and the United States.

Once more we had the pleasure to here the
Captain speak, and now his thoughts for a
moment seemed to have forgotten the mis-
eries of Europe, for his words of thanks

" THE UMPIRE

and gratitude to the Honor and Friendship
Club and its members for this great honor
bestowed upon him.

He told of the Merit cross handed by the
King of England, and how he had been daily
honored since he left the other side, but
this token of appreciation pleased him most,
and we believe it for he was seemingly moved,
soldier though he was.

When he again had finished a rising vote
of thanks was given him, and once more the
strains of his fatherland floated through the
halls of the Institution, and at once he came
to attention, and stood thus with a smile up-
on his face.

When the Star Spangl ‘d Banner followed the
British Anthem, Captain Fallon once more
came to attention in recognition of the trib-
ute paid his own. Also we went back home
for dinner after a most pleasant and inter-
esting hour.

Considering it in place to remember at this
time those who are responsible for this and
similar treats given us in the past, the
Honor and Friendship Club extends hereby to
the Inspectors and to the Warden its thanks
and appreciation for the interest they take
in our Club, and for the chances given to it
to help one another to makelife here asscoth-
ing as possible, and thus stiring the best
there isinus to a determination to lead a
better life, when once more liberty is ours.

Through some unfortunate mistake Capt.
Fallon’s name upon the silken tribute was
misspelled, and thus it was held back to be
replaced by another, but to show that the
Club is awake to all emergencies, B 8361
at once stepped forward and handed the
Captain in the name of the Club a most per-
fect and beautiful inlaid bex, and thus fur-
ther cemented his friendship for us.

On the top of the cover will be engraved
on a silver plate the Captain’s name and a
guitable memento of his visit to us.

THE LARGEST WOODEN
STEAMSHIP LAUNCHED

From Orange, Tex., it is reported that
without the usual ceremony that usually at-
tends such incidents, the largest wooden
steamship ever built was launched on the
Sabine River—just five months after its keel
was laid. The steamship was built for the
Cunard Steamship Company, of Liverpool,
and designed by A. A. Daugharty, formerly
of New York. Its dimensions are: Length
330 feet; beam, 48 feet; molded depth, 27
feet. It will have a carrying capacity of
4700 tons and will be equipped with triple ex-
pansion engines of 1450 horsepower. It con-
tains more than two and a half million feet
of lumber. Its propeller blades are more
than fifteen feet in length and two and a half
feet wide.

The ship was built by the National Ship-
building Corporaticn, and there are now six
vessels of similar type under construction.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future usé
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7Tth Block. - (**)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. 7
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and _worlf_ﬂguaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Blocks wimn™ .
HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block. :

FOR SALE—$50 English Banjo-Mandolin in
leather case, with 6 sets of Mandolin-Guitar
folios. Price, $25. Bg662, 12 B-2nd Gallery.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, Tth Block. g
FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st quclf_. =
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block. ;
PUT YOUR order in now for oil-painted
Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, Tth Gel.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shces for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 67th>1_319_ck7i_‘ P
FOR SALE-— Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.

WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and ctrer
small mechanisms repaired. Ccnscienticts
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
PICTURE frames made to order at reascn-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B207¢,
1st Block. )

FOR SALE-—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block. 2
FOR SALE—DPincusbions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-

ial to make bead purses, to good weoerkers,
as agreed, and divide the proflts. Applicants
gond number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE— Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit
hand bags in° manv different colors.. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery. g
FOR SALE —Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work
guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, Ich Block.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016. 9th Block.

FOR SATE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
22 0n. Also wateh fobs 50e each. and horse-
hair links made to o on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock. _
FOR SALFE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
exnert workman. B 6452, 1st Bleck.,

LOST-—Fopntain pen Return to BR76R, 6 Gal.

Perhaps the oldest volunteer reeruit aec-
cepted in the American Army is a citizen of
Oklahoma, a veteran of the Civil War and of
several Indian wars. He is 73 years old, and
is chief musician of an infantry division.
