---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_049.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, March 20, 1918

NO. 12

LESS SWEETS AND MORE
BULLETS WILL WIN WAR

An American soldier in France shows the
proper spirit in a recent letter to a relative
in his home town. He says: ‘‘Don’t waste
valuable space with unneccessary sweets
that should be used for needed ammunition
and Red Cross supplies. Candy, jam and
cakes taste fine, and we appreciate all that
is being done for us, but sweet stuff and
such things won’t do much good when the
Germans start the next offensive against us,
so don’t clog the depots with unessentials.”’

Postmaster-General Burleson, to whom
the letter was shown, says that if ‘‘proper
attention were given the matter of sending
things to the soldiers, so that only essentials
were forwarded, it would greatly help to win
the war.”’

““Complaints of delays to the soldiers’ mail
usually are followed by letters stating later
that the mail 1is being delivered as
promptly as circumstances wiil permit,’’ said
Mr. Burleson.

“‘It is seldom that a complaining spirit is
shown by the boys in France whose letters do
not come so speedily as desired,’’ he conclud-
ed.

“RUNNERS” MUST GO—
BARRED FROM CITY HALL

It is announced that the Jocal authorities
have opened a campaign against professional
bondsmen and their agents, who have been
notorious in the corridors of the City Hall
for many months.

For a long time the halls and corridors on
the sixth floor of the City Hall has been ob-
structed by the presence of agents for pro-
. fessional bondsmen, and it is only of late
that there has been the slightest attempt to
disturb them in their pernicious activities.

Director of Public Safety Wilson is quoted
‘as saying that ‘‘in the future the halls and
corridors of the City Hall must be freed of
loiterers and others who have become a source
of annoyance to persons having business to
transact with city officials in the building.”’

VERMOUNT STARTLED
BY “«COLORED STORM"”

It is reported from Bellows Falls, Vt.,
that a severe hunderstorm occurred at that
place on Saturday, and was accompanied by
dark clouds, vivid lightning and red and yel-
low hail. Red hail is seen on the white snow
everywhere today and the contrastis marked.

Older residents tell of hearing about blood
snow more than 100 years ago, butlast night’s
precipitation is the first seen by the present
generation. Old residents believe it fore-
shadows the shedding of much blood in the
near future in the European war.

An authority states that when ponds that
hold water are dried up during a short sea-
son of each year numerous specimens of
fungi are carried from the basins in micros-
copic form by the wind into the atmosphere.

Some of these organisms contain red oxide
of iron, giving a reddish tint to the snow
which carried it down to earth again. Blood
snow, however, is unusual in North America.

It is observed principally over the area
lying east, west and north of the Sahara and
sometimes in the Arctic.

HONOR MEDALS WILL BE
GIVEN TO U. S. SOLDIERS

A Washington despatch announces that
new decorations and insignia for American
soldiers have been ordered by the War Dep-
partment in the order of their value, as dis-
tinguished-service cross, distinguished-serv-
ice medal, war-service chernons and wound
chernons.

The ““D. S. C.”” of the American army is
to be a bronze cross of appropriate design
and a ribbon tu be worn in lieu thereof, to
be awarded by the President or by the com-
mander in chief of the American expeditionary
forces for ‘‘extraordinary heroism in con-
nection with military operations against an
armed enemy of the United States under cir-
cumstances which do not justify the award
of the medal of honor.”’

PALESTINE TO BE RULED
BY AN AMERICAN

From Washington it is announced that the
appointment as military governor of the
Bethlehem district in Palestine, with the
rank of licutenant-colonelin the British army,
is the honor accorded Isaac Newton Camp, a
native of the United States and son-in law of
the Rev. Dr. D. A. McClenahan, professor of
the Old Testament in the Pittsburgh Theo-
logical Seminary.

Word of the appointment was received re-
cently by Doctor McClenahan from his daugh-
ter Mrs. Lucille Camp. Lieutenant-Colonel
Camp is thirty-two years of age and prior to
his appointment as governor of the Bethlehem
district he was a second lieutenant in the in-
telligence corps of the British army. He is
a native of New Concord, O., and a graduate
of Muskingum College.

DAYLIGHT SAVING
TO SAVE MILLIONS

The daylight saving bill which passed
through its final legislative stage last Sat-
urday, will become a law as soon as Presi-
dent Wilson signs the bill. It is estimated
by experts for the Government that millions
of dollars will be saved in fuel cost in the
seven months during which period the stand-
ard time will be advanced one hour. '

It will not be necessary, it was pointed cut
to have lights burning in factories and places
of employment during the period of the ad-
vanced time from March to October. This
will affect a large saving in coal used for il-
luminating.

The bill provides that, at 2 A. M. on the
last Sunday of March of each year, the stand-
ard time in each of the five zones in the
United States shall be advanced one hour
and at 2 A. M. of the last Sunday in October
the standard time of each zone shall be re-
tarded an hour.

The effect is to start all business activities
an hour earlier and close the same an hour
earlier than at present, This will give op-
portunity for recreation and outdoor work
and activities long before sun fall after the
close of business.

The plan was adopted las* year in England,
France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Sweden,
Denmark and Portugal and this year in Aus-
tralia and Iceland.

The bill had the support of practically all
the large industries in the country.

THINKS U. S."WILL
PROFIT BY THE WAR

It is certain that the war will complete the
development of the national individuality of
the United States is the conviction expressed
by Dr. M. H. Vesnitch, head of the Serbian
mission to the United Stateg, in a staten ent
given to the Petit Parisen, Paris, France.

That, he said, would be the mcst positive
and fortunate result of the struggle, and civ-
ilization throughout the habitable glcbe wculd
profit by it.

Doctor Vesnitch said he returned frcm the
United States fully convinced that Ameiica
would not stop halfway, addirg:

¢‘She could rot, even if she would, furl ber
banners before victory has shone upon them.
That would mean—and this is fully re:l-
ized in competent quarters—not only steg-
nation, but decline. It would be at the same
time a setback for humanity in general.
Americans will never accept that.””
