---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_050.jpg
---
(\O}

THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. 3

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. .

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 20, 1918.

““Sacrifice is the surest proof a man can
give a scoffing world of his sincerity’’

GIVE HELP WHERE NEEDED

It seems as though some men never have
to fight the battles of coming to their own.
Things work their way with a regularity
that is surprising. They have the same dif-
ficulties to meet as some of their less fortu-
nate brothers, but somehow they win out
with apparent ease—never seem to question
their right to be in command.

Then again there are others who begin as
children, but somehow they seem to lose
faith in themselves almost at the outset.
As they advance in life, things continue to
go from bad to worse, until life seems a
failure, and they give up hope of seeing a
rift in the clouds that lower with a persist-
ency that is disheartening.

There must be something wrong some-
where when such a condition exists; but just
where, is a perplexing question. It may be
one of many little things that has started a
man on the wrong road, and inability to re-
trace his course to the point of error had led
him deeper into the field of forlorn hope. It
is a fact to be regretted that there are many
such cases to be found in our travels, and
one cannot help feeling a desire to lighten
the burden of the unfortunate.

Whether a little lift here and there woula
bring about a better prospect—a more - hope-
ful attitude of mind for the other fellow—is
somewhat problematical, but at any rate,
the least one can do in such cases is to en-
gender a spirit of cheer and courage in our
‘‘brother of sorrows,’” and let him not think
that all the world is against him.

To be sure, this is not asking much of any
one. A simple duty to a weaker brother
whose labor has been productive of little
gain. Our part is to restore a constructive
attitude of mind; drive away the thoughts of
defeat or failure. This may entail a little
labor on our side, but if we do the best we
can to lighten another’s burden it will soon
show for itself. And the moment it does,
the clouds will begin to break away, and, as
we look back at it, like the sun shining on 4

mountain peak, it will reflect its life giving
warmth far and wide. And we can never
tell how much the kindly word may help
‘‘the weak to courage and the faint to hope.”’

PAID? YES! SETTLED? NO!

When a man completes a term in prison,
his debt to society is paid. His discharge is
equivalent to a ‘‘receipted bill.”” In return
for the time spent in penal servitude the
law grants him this certificate of ‘‘Settle-
ment in Full,’”’ avers the New Era.

‘““But,’’ declares the editor of the North

. American, ‘‘society has refused to acknowl-

edge this receipted bill in thousands of cases.
It would seem only just that the state which
compels the payment of the bill should also
compel the public to accept its receipt as
valid.

““The state is concerned solely with seeing
that justice is done at one end of the line.
The other end of the line must be handled by
an individual, who, though he has paid what
the state demanded, usually stands alone—

shunned, shamed, ostracized.

““We believe the day will come when all
this will be changed.

““The last four years have provided many
object lessons indicative of the unwelcome
fact that civilization itself is not sufficiently
far advanced to assume a haughty or un-
friendly attitude toward those of its members
who commit wrongs, which, when compared
to the mountainous crimes of the immediate
past, seem almost insignificant!

““The prison problem is big and real. It
cannot be dealt with successfully from any
other than a standpoint of constructive
statesmanship and common sense. It is an
economic proposition of the first order, and
undoubtedly the time is coming when the
state will pay just as much attention to
helping men out of priscn as it now gives to
puttirg them in prison.

‘‘Punishment (with mercy) is just, but ex-
actly as the state would punish a merchant
for hounding a man who held his receipted
bill, so must public opinion eventually ‘pun-
ish’ the state—by changing its laws—for
mistreating men who hold its receipted bills. ’’

“If & man be overtaken in a fuult, ye which
are  spwritual, restore such a one in the
spirit of mercy; consider thyself, lest thou
also be tempted.’’

SEES ALL NATIONALITIES

Writing from ‘‘some place in France,”’ an
American soldier declares that he is having a
remarkable experience on the battle front.
““Nights I sit and listen to the stories of
Australia, New Zealand, Canada, South Af-
rica and all the English speaking lands,’’
says another American ‘‘over there,”” ‘‘They
must be wonderful countries and the men
from them sure are men. I like the Aus-
tralians best of all. They are a stalwart,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.
General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.
. Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

clean-looking and reliable body of men; and
remind me of our Westerners. I lave a
splendid opportunity to see all races c¢f the
world walking about here. There are Hindu
princes, Serbians, French, English, Welsh,
Scotch, Australians, Canadians, New Zea-
landers, Portuguese, South African Zulus, an
Arab chief in his flowing white robes, now
and then, Rumanians, in fact all the nations
of the world, even Germans who unload the
freight cars and mend roads. It is a won-
derful experience, if it doesn’t last too long. ”’

NATIONAL SPIRIT LACKING

A distinguished Buddhist priest, Rev.
Shaku Soen, has recently returned to Japan
after a long stay in China and publishes an
article in the Tokio Kokumin in whick China
is described as he siudied her from political”
as well as religious viewpoints. He ft.nds an
absence of national unity—a small country
if it be judged by nationalunity. Thepeople,
do not care for the Government. - They have
not ideas of nationality. They are wholly in-
different to the fate of the republic. There-
fore, all national undertakings are on small
scales. The alleged national army is pitifully
inadequate; armies under direction of mili-
tary governors of various provinces act inde-
pendently of the central Government. Thus
China canbe said to beabig oralittle country
to suit the point of view of an observer.

China’s monetary system is in an indescri-
bably confused condition. -Although a sem-
blance of system exists in education, organ-
ization is absent. Religiously, China is cha-
otic; Buddhism is declared to be in a state of
decay, only formalities remain, the spirit of
Buddhism having departed. This religious de-
cay has contributed to political and social
prostration throughout China.

BELIEVE IN ELFIN MINERS

All over Europe a popular belief prevails
that elfin miners are constantly laboring
in the bowels of the mountains, where they
have accumulated enormous stores of pre-
cious metals. In Wales they are -called
“knockers.’”” They make strange noises, and
the tapping of the picks may often be heard
in ore bodies not yet reached by the human
workmen. :
