---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_051.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

YOUR HEAD NOT AN ORNAMENT

“You all know that every man has a head
topside his neck. This head was not put
there by accident, nor as ornamental bric-a-
braec,’’ says awell known writer. ‘‘Of course,
the head, being equipped with a face, is use-
ful as a means of identification, but if that
was all it was good for what would be the
use of identifying you? Nobody would care
a rap whether you were Pete or Jim or the
kid that lives over the bakery.

“The real purpose of the head is to be a
packing case for the brain, and the brain is
a machine for the manufacture of thoughts.

““So you want to learn how torun it and how
to keep it clean and well oiled. You want to
learn how to use it, no matter what comes
up—in an emergency just as well as in a con-
test to guess how many beans there are in a
jar. There’s a heap of difference between
thinking and the sort of product a lot of
folks’ brains turn cut. One brain that can
think is worth a hundred arms strong enough
to lift a heifer. That’s why a general is
more valuable than a great many thousands
of soldiers, each one of whom could probably
lick him beautifully in a fist fight. It’s be-
cause he can think.”’

EXPLAINING THE UNIVERSE

I suppose that we have all bad moments of
sudden illumination when it occurred to us
that we had explained the universe, and it
was so easy for us that we wondered why we
had not done it before, writes S. M. Crothers,
in the Atlantic. Some thought drifted into
our mind and filled us with vague forbodings
of omnmiscience. It was not an ordinary
thought that explained only a fragment of
existence. It explained everything. It
proved one thing and it proved the opposite
just as well. It explained why things are
as they are, and if it should turn out that
they are not that way at all, it would prove
that fact also. In the light of our great
thought chaos seemed rational. Having ex-
plained the universe, we relapse into satis-
fied slumber. When a few hours later, we
rise, we wonder what the explanation was.

————————

‘WIRELESS FOR THE VATICAN

Ever since Italy entered the war, says a
writer, the Pope and his entourage have befen
working at a great disadvantage.. For while
the Vatican has maintained a StI:lCt. neutral-
ity, it has endeavored to mamta'm its usual
relations with the Central Empires and the
Entente countries, and this has. not always
been simple because of its location In a bel-
ligerent nation. At present there is a move-
ment on foot to install a powerful wireless
N ion at the Vatican in order
Catholic Ckurch will be in a position to com-
municate directly with any of the countries
at war, without subjecting the despat.ches
to the censorship of the belligerent nations.

der that the

THE TRUE GUIDE

You may bring to your office and put in a
frame
A motto as fine as its paint,
But if you’re a crook when you’re playing
the game
That motto won’t make you a saint.
You can stick up placards all over the hall,
But here is the word I announce
It isn’t the motto that hangs on the wall,
But the motto you live that counts.
If the motto says ‘‘Smile’” and you carry a
frown,
““Do It Now’’ and linger and wait;
If the motto says ‘‘Help’’ and you trample
men down,
If the motto says ‘‘Love’” and you hate:
You won’t get away with the motto you stall,
For the truth will come forth with a
bounce—
It isn’t the motto that hangs on the wall,
But the motto you live that counts.
— Unknown.

THE BATTLE OF MAIDA

It is now one hundred and eleven years
since an English army fought in Italy, and
won the battle of Maida over the French.

Napolecn had vowed to conquer Sicily, and
for that purpose the French pushed on into
Calabria, and began to make extensive prep-
arations. But the English forces for the
defence of Sicily prepared to deal a blow on
the mainland. A force of 5,000 men landed
in the Bay of Euphemia, and the battalions
of the French fell before the bayonets of the
British. Napoleon’s hopes were shattered at
a stroke. But the ¢‘daily-breader’’ from
Kilburn, travelling into London by way of
the Edgware Road, never suspects as he
passes by Maida Hill and Maida Vale the
origin of the name.

REMARKABLE SPEED OF GREYHOUNDS

Comparatively few people realize of what
remarkable speed dogs are capable. The
wolf can run between fifty and sixty miles in
one night, and the Arctic fox can do quite as
well, if not better. Nansen met one of these
foxes on the ice at a point more than seventy
miles northwest of the Sannikow tervitory
which is 480 miles from the Asiatic coast.

Eskimo and Siberian dogs can travel forty-
five miles on the ice in five hours, and there
is one case on record in which a team of
Eskimo dogs traveled six and one-half miles
in twenty-eight minutes.

English setters and pointers hunt at the
rate of eighteen to nineteen miles an hour,
and they can maintain the speed for at least
two hours. Foxhounds are extracrdinarily
swift, as is proved by the fact that a dog of
this breed once beat a thoroughbred horse,
covering four miles in six and one-half min-
utes.

Greyhounds are the swiftest of all four-
footed creatures, and their speed may be re-
garded as equal to that of carrier pigeons.

English greyhounds which are carefully
selected and which are used for coursing are
able to cover at full gallop a space between
eighteen and tw:2aty-three yards every sec-
ond. ~

It is said that a hare at its greatest speed
never goes faster than at the rate of eight-
een yards a second. These interesting sta-
tistics fully prove the right of the greyhound
to rank as the swiftest of the quadrupeds.

CAN YOU MAKElA SAPLIN VISE?

It’s easy enough if you know how, says a
woodsman. In order to make a vise in the
woods, cut a good-sized hardwood sapling,
leaving a square-topped stump of conveni-
ent height. Split the stump through the
middle as far as necessary. Trim the upper
part, if needed for the purpose. Then, about
18 inches from the top, lash the stump firmly
with a rope and twist it tight with a stick,
like a tourniquet. Open the split with wed-
ges, insert the article to be held, knock out
the wedges, and—there you are.

THE PROCESS OF NATURE

Most interesting is the process of nature
even though not fully understcod the way
and the wherefore are complex and worthy
of deepest study, observes a naturalist, but
the bold facts, uncoupled with reasons of any
kind, are delightful to contemplate. This
interest will grow upon you and the next
thing you know, unless you are indeed shal-
low-pated, you will be keen to make more
observations, with a new and charming part
of this grand old world, or a small piece
thereof, being opened before you. Try it
and see.

THE SOAP BERRY TREE

The jaboncello, or soap berry tree, grows
in the humid parts of western KEcuador. It
attains a height of 50 feet and has wide-
spreading branches and immense quanities
of fruit of the size and shape of cherries.
The nearby transparent yellow skin and pulp
surrounding the black seeds are so sapona-
ceous as to be used instead of soap, being
equivalent to more than 50 times their weight
of that material.

COULD LIVE ON BANANAS ALONE

The delicious banana is essentially sani-
tary—no germs can touchit. Like the apple,
it can be served raw or cooked to please the
most capricious palate. Like the onion, it
provides the highly necessary mineral salts.
Andlike meat and milk it has a high fuel value
—slightly less than the one, slightly more
than the other. Man cannot live by bread
alone, but he could by bananas alone—if he
had to.
