---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_052.jpg
---
~ lishers for magazine subscriptions;
~ order fees, 79¢;one yard of white satin, $1.25;

~ Club use.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Due to the failure of the notes to appear
_in last week’s issue of THE UMPIRE, the fol-
lowing is a report of the last two week’s

business of the Club. New members ad-
- mitted: B 9064, 9070, 9072, 9074, 9060, 9061,
066, 9073, 9052, 9024, 9015, 9003, 9069, 9079,
9086, 7476, 9071—$1.00; 9065—15¢c; 9067—10c;
9051 —25¢; 9068—10c; re-instatements: B7312,

- 5832, 7825, 7843, 6256, 6823, 8714, 7871, 8571,

8395, 8205, 5812, 7914, 8084, 6113, 8459, T648.
- The Treasurer’s report for the week end-
ing March 12, showed a balance of $46.67
remaining in the Club Treasury, which is
“eminently satisfactory. Loans were granted

- to the following, in the amounts named:
B 5268, 5079, 3142, $2.00; at Gate.

$18.62
paid to Central News Co., for magazines.
$3.00 to B 6282, for serving tray; $30.50 to
B 5396, for ladies’ hand-bags; 50c to B 8612,
for mens’ slippers, all to be re-sold; 15c¢ to
B 3079, for work done for Club; $9.40 to pub-
money-

$3 60 to Thomas Price Co., for stationary for
Receipts, approximate, from Li-

brary, $12.50; sales oervice, $12.25; caps, 95¢;

baseballs were received by the Club,
~ gift from the Hon. John K. Tener, President
- of the National League, and a letter of

~ loan refunded, $5.00; donations, $1.60.

During the last week one dozen League
as a

thanks was written Mr. Tener, with an in-

_ vitation to call, and witness one of our games,

~ in the course of the summer.

Mr tC s
St. George Joyce, Asst. City Editor of the

~ Public Ledger, was unanimously elected an
- Honorary Member of the Club, as a slight

token of the Club’s appreciation of his work

~ in its behalf: namely, the splendid publicity
~ secured for our recent attempt to provide a

market for the work of our m:mbers: and
the giving of a daily newspaper to the Club,

~ to enable it to provide a Bulletin Service for

- of stirring events.

=,

its members, no small service in these days
Committees were ap-
pointed by the Chairman, at the Delegate

meeting of March, 12, to provide ways and

~ means for the members during the Outings

of the Summer Season, as follows; General:
A 8432, B 8266, 8073, 7444, 6263, 8897 7579;
"baseball B 7664, 8375. Anyone feeling him-
self an entertainer of sorts, long-distance
running, walking, athlete, or clown, should

~ apply to some one of the sbove named for a

22

chance to prove his contention.
- The En'ertairment provided fcr the mem-

: ';b:ers of the First Section at the Hall on Sat-

urday afternoon last was equal to any given
this winter, and was highly appreciated by

~ all those who had the pleasure of being pres-

ent. The Picture of the afternoon was a
Triangle film, entitled ‘‘Her Father’s Keep-
r’’ being a mixture of love, and high finance
ith Wall Street for a background. “‘Si
bbins,’” abnounced as the original Barnum

THE UMPIRE

& Bailey “Rube,” was the bill opener, ap-

pearing in a bucolic costume of about the

vintage of the Centennial Year. Mr. Starr
followed with a reportoir song, which he ren-
dered in a fine voice and manner; singing
among others some late patriotic ballads:
“Liberty Bell Its Time to Ring Again;”’ and
A-M-E-R-I-C-A. Messers. Hart & Clark
were next in a comedy act; appearing as a
man-about-town, in a very mellow state, and
a member of the ‘‘Finest,”” with a duty to
perform. It was an act redolent of old Erin,
the songs which were interpolated were all
reminiscent of the Green Isle: namely;
‘““There’s a Town in Old Kilkenny,’’ ‘“There’s
Something in The name of Ireland,’’ and
““My Rose of Old Erin.”” Messrs. Hart &
Clark made a very fine impression upon their
hearers, and would be heartily welcomed
back should they be able to return. It was
with great pleasure that we welcomed back
to us Mr. Devlin, so well named the prince
of Entertainers. Mr. Devlinis certainly the
Prince of Story-tellers, and we would love to
have him play Scheherezade to our Sultan for
Several Thousand and One Nights. Kuban-
off the Man who makes the violin talk, who
will be remembered as appearing the pre-
vious Saturday closed the bill, and was as
great a success as before.
—B 8266, Secretury.

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

A largely attended meeting of Chaplain
Jos. We'ch’s Bible School was held on Wed-
nesday afternoon, March 13th, 1918, in the
chapel. After a short song service and a
cornet duet by B 7737, the Lord’s prayer was
recited by the entire audience in unison.

Chaplain Welch then addressed the boys
and, with his usual well pointed remarks
warned them against the evil of intemper-
ance when they go out, and especially if they
go out on Parole. Our good friend Mr. Dip-
ple was on hand as always. and after a brief
address he read the lesson for the day from
Mark 5-21 to 43. Mr. Dipple then introduced
as the speaker for the afternoon the Rev.
Jesse S. Lonsinger, Pastor of the Ontario
Presbyterian Church of this city; Rev. Lon-
singer certainly proved to be up to the high
standard of zll those who have preceeded
him, as speakers at these meetings.

His topic ‘‘Breaking down the walls’’ was
handled in a masterly manner, and he pointed
out in a way that could not b2 misunderstood
that, the only way to break down the Walls
of Sin that surround us, is by accepting and
believing in Jesus Christ as our Saviour. We
all thank Rev. Lonsinger for his visit and ex-
tend to bim an earnest and sincere invitation
to come in agair.

We also thank our Chaplain for the privi-
lege of attending these meetings, and thank
and congratulate Mr. Dipple for his interes:
in us and fo- th2 class of men h> brings here
to talk to us. The boys of the Episcopal

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLL

Notice for advertisements must come through
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE
when advertised goods are sold will be denied futu
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-bru
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. Gl
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable raf

B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery. ‘
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c p k.
month. B 7065, s ‘Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different desig
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—$50 English Banjo-Mandolin
leather case, with 6 sets of Mandolin-Gu
folios. Prlce $25. B8662, 12 B-2nd Galle
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
models and half models of ships, and toys. -
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy b
necklaces for ladies. Prlre% reas. B 5575, 6
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reas
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mando
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE-—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
PUT YOUR order in now for oil- -painted
Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, 7th Gal.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shces

sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE-— Patriotic watch fobs of U.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. C

B 6450, 1st Block. !
WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscienti
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th G
PICTURE frames made to order ‘at reas
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B3

1st Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any
sign made to order by expert bead work

B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s fu
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes.
klnds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mate
ial to make bead purses, to good worker
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applica
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE-—Fine line of womens’ mesh-
hand bags in many different colors.

$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any desi
made to order. Also stock on hand. W
guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid fram
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block
FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfi
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59

50c. B6294,1st Elock. ,
FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch f' )
on hand. Special desions made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block. R
LOST—Fountain pen Return to BR762. 6
FOR SALE—Vietor phonooraph with

and 38 records. Cheap. B 7073, 11th B 6]

Choir also deserve much praise for their fi
singing. .

