---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_053.jpg
---
ved and adopted. B 8728, as President of

League, called the meeting to order and

r a few brief remarks he announced

owing to the pressure of business, he

‘d be unable to continue as President of

the Le gue, and he therefore asked to be al-
%’ to resign.

nding the outcome of his request ‘B 7612

cretary acted as Chairman of the meet-

and ordered a vote upon the resignation

8728 as President, which was taken and

pted ‘with regret. B 7664 was placed in

¥y

£

nation by the retiring President and

d by acclamation. On being notified

s election, he then in a neat little speech

~ acceptance, thanked those present for

onfidence in him, and assured every

,the would do his best toward the
elfare of the League.

Warden has kindly consented to- help

material way, and if we all show appre-
we may have more.

schedule has been arranged to include 72

s starting April 15, and ending Septem-

Two weeks have been allowed for

mg, beglnnlng April 1, each team to

ave 15 men. The opnmng games are Ninth

. Cubs, Printers vs. Athletics. The mana-

etc., are as follows: President, B 7664,

ary, B 7612, Chief reporter and score-

-, R 6680, Mgr. Cubs, B 7471, Printers,

4, Ninth 8430, Athletics B 8550. B 7612.

: :;EPISCOPAL HIGH MASS

gh Mass was celebrated under the aus-
the Eplscopal Church in the chapel
day morning March 21, by Rev. Father

_ Hutchison and assistants.
was preached by Rev. Father Huston

nary prlest

A beautiful -

Phlladelphla, March 27, 1918

Leaf and Mrs. Sommonetti. The occasion
will be a lasting one in the minds of those

CAPTAIN PARKER ALSO

who participated. Thebeautifully decorated

altar and the costly embroidered vestments -
of the Bishop and Priests, the chants, songs
" of praise and thanks which were sounded
melodiously through the stillness, and the
solemnity which prevailed throughout the
entire service all bespoke the presence of

the Unseen Leader.
o —B. 7291.

IN REMEMBRANCE

To CAPTAIN DAVID FALLON, BRITITH ARMY

MARCH, 10, 1918.

Captain, the thudding guns we here

Calling through the day, and year;
~ Muttering per51stent1y

Calling in the morning’s gray;

Calling at the close of day,

Uttering insistently:

A call, to us who have no name,

To a reeling deck, or battle-plain,

To. explate a life of shame. :

Captain, the fields of France are red,
With blood of the best that England bred;
And mingle in that ruddy tide,

'Ié blood of men alike to us,

Who lifted faces from the dust,

And knew the Glory, ere they died,
Felon they were, and parasite;
And yet their blind eyes saw the light
They wrongly lived, but died aright. —

‘Captaln our souls are dark with sin;

And oft 2 devil dwells therein;
And yet one spark of hvmg fire,
Dwells in the breast of everyone,

And at the throbblng of the drum,
Leaps to the ur ge of our desire;
That we should stand in Flanders mud,
And dare to stay the German flood,
With a barrier of our hearts blood.

Captain, ‘the guns are never still,
Calling all peoples to the kill;
Yet must we linger here:
Phting anxious hearts away,
With longing for that splendid fray:
It is not death we fear.

" Rather we fear, in days to come,

b ’1 ) inmates.
meander personally took charge of the
_confirmation services, confirming 34

unto the Episcopal Church. He was

t the altar by Rev. Father Haywood,
on, and Rev. Father Hutchison.
r Wineman and Dr. Jeflries of
al City Mission were visitors for
ion. The Ladies Altar Guild was
ted by ‘Mrs. and Miss Connelley and

T King’s Daughters by 1\1155 member” e

Then Bishop Philip Me1cer_

To hear men say; their task well done—
““Where were you when we fought the Hun?”’
—B 8266.

In our notice of the visit of Captain Fallon
we omitted to say that he was invited to visit
us and introduced to the Warden by our good
friénd Mrs. Irma Hering Evans: and thus we

ake this opportunity to thank her for the
treat she gave us, one we shall long re-
TR —B 7,01.

. Inmates.

‘thank you, come again.

2 AR R
The followmg list of ball players has been
selected by Captain Parker to cross bats wit
the E. S. P. League, and undoubtedly yo
fellows in the opposite column had bette.
knuckle down to real ball playing if you Want
to come out on top. Batter up——an
play BALL: Manager, Captain Parker
¢, Wm. Crawford; p, Joseph Cullen ls
base, John Bradley; 2nd base,
Laughlin; s.s. H. Friby; Srd bas
McCaughan; 1., Charles Foill; c.f,
JL Tt Wm Nugent subs :

pires, Wm Rlddlough James Irwin; 'W

boy, John Irwin; mascot, M. Sloan

WEDNESDAY P.M. BIBLE SCHOOB

The same large attendance marked th

meeting of Chaplain Welch’s Bible Schoo;,/

‘on Wednesday afternoon March 20th. The son;

&

service was first, and then the usual rec1t§,-

tion of the Lord’s Prayer, followed by a re-
sponsive reading from the day’slesson, Mark
6—1 to 31 by Mr. Dipple and the attending
Chaplain Welech gave the boys

some good sound common sense advice: le 3

us hope they will follow it. Mr. Dipple then
introduced Rev. Francis Behrens, saying “he
wanted to get all out of him that he cou.ld
while he was with us’’ and we certainly did
get it. Rev. Behrens is Pastor of the Fif-

j tieth Baptist Church this city, but he is more
~ he is a wonder.

He held the rapt attention
of everyone present up to his last word.
In a beautifully told story of an acoualntance
of his,

the late Jacob Riis, of New York

City; he told how Mr. Riis while sick in Den-
mark had been given up by all his physicians

Stripes’’

~and how Old Glory, our own ‘‘Stars and
floating from the mast of a passing

vessel had been an inspiration to him, and
he longed for life again and finally got well.

Rev. Behrens then drew a paralell saying

that the Cross and its Sacred Victim, Jesus,
should be an inspiration for all of us to look

for a new and better life.
Mrs. Frank Dipple
was present with two lady friends,

Chambersburg.

Rev. Behrens we

Mrs. C. _
Shindeil of this city and Mrs. A. Hutton of
Laast week B 7341 was not

mentioned as taking part in the cornet duet;

we beg leave to make the correction now.
—B "291

Roumama was formed in 1859 by the union

of Moldavia and Wailachia, two prmupahtxes’

tnbutary to the sultan of Turkey

