---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_054.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE
" Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

~ every Wednesday.

‘Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
/ Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable and will be published as needed. ReJected ar-
‘ticles will not be returned.
All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and gwen to the Overseer,

= who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

_ Philadelphia, March 27, 1918.

Wﬁ
““No power on earth can lift a man’s sims
but through. the-Christ love.””

" BY YOUR OWN EFFORTS

Many young men start out in life by look-
ing for the road that leads to quick success;
~ but they fail to find it, and wonder how they
‘missed the way. The reason is easy enough
to fathom. They didn’t start in the right
way. Quick success in life comes only to
very few, and the average man is not willing
to begin in a small way where the path
seems difficult. That’s the first mistake,
and there follow many others, all equally

¢ 1nc0ns1stent

Any successful man will tell you ‘that it’s
work from the start, if you expect to get
anywhere in this world of hustle. And there
is but little pay at the outset. Nevertheless
- every man who climbs to the high places, is
obliged to bear his part of the burden with a
cheerful disposition before he reaches the
heights of his desires.

Many will not listen when told that. They
gee some other fellow who is holding a good
position with a big business firm, and
straightway they think they can make it by
a flying start. This usually results in a de-
cided bump against the ‘‘real thing,’’ and
they find it’s ‘‘not all gold that glitters;”’
the other fellow must have had some inside
track to land where he is, they think.

Now that’s another mistake. The fellow
holding the big job almost invariably was
" the man who was willing to begin at the
bottom, not counting his work hard if it
brought him nearer his goal.

Don’t ever think that you will ever get
anywhere by ‘‘going through the motions”
or looking at the clock. Your work will
" show if you do, and there will be no one to

blame but yourself if you are among the
first to go when there is a lay-off.

~ Business is now so organized that every
man’s work must show for itself, and the
man who makes a poor showing can never

expect to rise if he continues his work in a

half-hearted way. With interest in his work

and faith in himself, no matter though the
way be a little rough at times, a man is

THE UMPIRE

bound to win the way to brighter and better
things if he will only hold out out until things
turn his way. Then things will come easier
at every step.

MEN OF 45 NOW IN DEMAND

The managers of big business houses used
to look upon the man of forty-five as a back
number, says a commercial paper. Only
younger men were looked upon with favor.
Someone to put ‘‘life’’ in the business. The
man in the prime of life found himself sadly
discriminated against before he had had a
chance to explain his qualifications; the
youngster had a toe hold on the prospective
job before he had said a word. Now all this
is changed. ¢t is the young man who is
frowned at, the older man who is met with
an air of kindly indulgence. This does not
necessarily mean that employers have under-
gone any change of heart in respect to the
relative usefulness of the two classes, but
circumstances are different. Changing help
is costly, and the business man wants satis-
factory employees who have learned the de-
tails of the work to stay. There is no telling
how long the young man may be able to
stay; the Government may call him at any
time. The older man is practically free
from likelihood of military service. -

Just now there is a strong sentiment that
young men physically able and without de-
pendents ought to be in the army or navy,
and this is to the advantage of elderly men.
Discrimination in Great Britian against
younger men in the matter of civilian em-
ployment was a powerful conscriptive agency
in the early days of the war. No young men
were hired when the work could as well be
performed by older men or by women. Ac-
tual shortage of young men for non-military
work in both countries, of course, has helped
to force the change of feeling.

The presence of more men with gray hair
or no hair in stores and offices is attracting
comment. Writers to newspapers express
themselves as pleased with the services ren-
dered by men of this class as contrasted
with their younger predecessors. Employers
say they do the work as well as or better
than the youths—as why should they not?

HAS FOUND OPIUM SUBSTITUTE

A substitute for opium in medicines used
in the treatment of asthma and other dis-
eases has been discovered by Dr. David L.
Macht, instructor in pharmacology at Johns
Hopkins University, who described the new
medicine at the eighty-ninth meeting of the
Society for Experimental Biology and Medi-
cine at City College.

The new therapeutic agent substituted for
opium is known as benzyle benzolate. It is
a common substance and a coal tar derivative.
Dr. Macht has tested his discovery on an-
imals, on himself and on students, and in all

» burdened the Indian, but his schools,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

: Catholic Mass is celebrated at thé f}’vii';i‘"'s;‘o';~
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M
Confession every Saturday morning.

General servicés are held on the vario
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

FEpiscopal services are held at the Cha"prjé]t
on the third Thursday of every month

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. ' s

cases the reactions were favorable.

‘The new agent when used in the treatment
of asthma, dysentery, intestinal colie and
other diseases relaxes the muscles, giving to
the patient the same beneficial effects as
opium derivatives without the toxic effects
and muscle contractions caused by opium.

PROUD OF THEIR INDIAN BLOOD

It is well worth while to give the Indian a
square deal. Hé has proved himself capab
of great things. Two presidents of P
have been Indians. One of Mexico’s gre
est presidents was an Indian, and Bolivia h

expects them to excelin warfare.
canian Lantare was the greatest military chief
tain South America has produced, except
San Martin, and we have had Genera
John A. Logan and General Eli S. Parker.
Numbers of our Senators and Congressmen
have been proud of their Indian blood, and
Thomas C. Moffet, who knows the red man
well, says that ‘‘in a professional world to-
day, on farms, among leaders in business
affairs, the Indian, educated and Christian-
ized, is taking his place; clever Indian law
yers are looking out for the interest of their
tribes; capable Indian physicians are minis-
tering to the needs of their own people;
earnest Indian preachers and teachers are
spreading among the reservations the seed
of the Gospel Message; aggressive India
agriculture experts are teaching the younge
generation how to improve land crops; the
new Indian is helping in the forward move
ment activities of his country.’ :
The white man’s diseases and vices
me
cine, Christiar morals and faith can, 1f he s
wills it, lift that burden and make his re.,
brother once again a free man. :

THE BRONZE HORSES OF ST. MARK"V

The history of the famous gilded-bronze
horses of St. Mark’s coincides with man
upheavels in .the history of old Europe
Thomas Coryate, who ‘‘set going for Venice
the fourteenth of May, ano. 1608,”’ gives
the story of them as he heard it from th
Venetians of his day: ‘‘Some say that the
were cast by Lysippus . . . about 300 ye

