---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_055.jpg
---
before Christ; some say that the Romans
-made them at what time Hiero, King of Syr-
acuse, triumphed of the Parthians. It is
ported that Tyridates, King of Armenia,
stowed them on the Emperor Nero . . .
nd that Constantine the Great brought them
rom Rome to Constantinople, and there-
ience they were lastly brought by the Vene-
tians when they possessed Constantinople.
So greatly did the Venetians esteem the
four goodly brasen horses,’”’ adds Coryate
“‘that although they have been offered for
their weightin gold by the King of Spaine,
.as I have heard reported in Venice, yet they
‘will never sell them.”’

~ Nearly two centuries after Coryate had
‘written his ‘“‘Crudities,’’ ‘‘for the encourage-
1ent of Gentlemen and lovers of travel to
ndertake journeys beyond the sea,’”” the
'_~bravs’en horses’’ of St. Mark’s were removed
rom Venice by Napoleon and placed on the
arch of the Place du Carousel. Francis of
\ustria restored them to Venige in 1815 and
there they remained all through the troublous
times of the Italian War of Independence.
Tn the year of 1917, in the _midst of the tu-
nult of war, the horses have returned to
Rome, whence they are said to have started
their peregrinationsin the Third Century. AD.

- THE CITY OF FEZ

In its externals Fez is a clean and attract-
ivé'(c'ity, as oriental cities go, which is not
; éaying that an American city health officer
~ would not curl up and die of despair in some
of its noisome alleys, a writer states. The
new city is surrounded by a battlemented
~ wall and most of the houses are white-washed
to a dazzling brilliance. There are no vacant
spaces along the closely built streets, and
this, along with the encircling wall, gives
the city a definite and finished appearance
which an unwalled town can never acquire.
steets are roofed with trellis work cur-
tained by climbing vines, so that a greenish
ght flecked by dancing spots of gold plays
ver the white robes and the red head-dress-
of the people.

A FEW HOURS FLIGHT

~ With the development of the aeroplane
. 3 way out has been found for the holiday-
Enindod person who objects to our still having
nost week-days also work-days. Chasing
ring used to be a favorite amusement of
railroad age. You started with orange
soms in Cuba and gradually followed
Vera northward to the ice-violet of
North Pole‘,_ and then made a long jump
wn the other side to North Africa, where
i".‘s"'pring cactus was just about to flame
e more on the Libyan sand dunes. Now
9200-miles-an-hour aeroplane speed, a
could get to a place where there is a
a if he were willing to

THE UMPIRE

SOME SYMPATHETIC LOVING POWER

I do not undertake to say
That literal answers come from heaven,
But I know this; that when I pray
- A comfort and support is given
That helps me rise o’er earthly things
As larks soar up on airy wings.
“In vain the wise philosopher
Points out to me my fabric flaws;
In vain the scientists of earth
- Tkat all things are controlled by laws,
My life has taught me day by day
That it availeth much to pray.
““I do not stop to reason out
The why and how, I do not care,
Since I know this, that when I doubt,
Life seems a blackness of despair,
The world a tomb; and when I trust
Sweet blossoms$ spring up in the dust.
““Since 1 know in the darkest hour
If I lift up my soul in prayer
Some sympathetic, loving power
Sends hope and comfort to me there;
Since balm is sent to ease my pain,
What need to argue or explain?
“‘Prayer has the sweet refining grace,
It educates the soul and heart,
It lends a luster to the face,
And by its elevating art
It gives the mind an inner sight
And brings it near the Infinite.”’
—Selected.

CALLS ALASKA WOMEN PRETTY

A traveler returning from the Yukon, re-
marked about the good locks of Alaska wom-
en, and the fact that they dress with
becoming taste. Of course, our northern
women are pretty. Why shouldn’t they be?

They enjoy absolutely pure air, drink water
as fresh as that from a mountain spring, get
plenty of exercise, and take an active part in
community affairs. They are cosmopolitan
the same as the men are, and well read and
well informed. As every one knows, there is
nothing so beautiful as good health. It is a
joy even to see an Alaskan girl swinging
along with a free, firm tread instead of the
mincing step of her sister in the states, who
gives the impression she is stepping on eggs.

The Alaska girl looks you squarely in the
eye, gives you a frank handclasp and is sure
of herself at all times.

NEW NEEDLE EASY TO THREAD

No matter how good your eyes are, there
is always a certain amount of eye strain in
threading a needle. If your vision is not as
sharp as it once was, it is even something of a
task to get a piece of thread through a need-
le’s eye. :

- A'needle has been devised which can be
threaded by the simple expedient of looping the
thread over the head of the needle and draw-
ing it downward. The needle differs from
the ordinary needle in that it has an opening

_through the top of the eye through which

&8

W

the thread slips when it is drawn downward.
The steel ends spring close together as
soon as the thread has passed into the eye.
This type of needle said to be particularly
adapted to the doing of fancy work because
two or three threads may be passed through
the eye at one time, a feat that is quite im-
possible with the ordinary needle. It is also
useful for embroidering with worsted, the
thick, clumsy threads of which make it nec-
essary, usually, to employ a needle for the
purpose which has a large, clumsy eye.

TWELVE DAYS FROM THE SEA

The first ‘‘Welland Canal size saltwater
vessel,”” built at Manitowoe, Wis., under
the direction of the Emergency Fleet Cor-
poration of the United States Shipping Board,
commanded by Captain Frank Dotty and
manned by a crew of thirty, recruited at the
offices of the Lake Carriers’ Association in
Milwaukee, will, it is planned, sail for Port-
land, Me. The voyage through the Great
Lakes and the St. Lawrence River, approx-
imately 2,300 miles, will require twelve days.

Because of the limitations of the Welland
locks, the dimensions of the vessel, which
bears the name of War Victor, had to be
brought within 270 feet, as to length, and 14
feet 6 inches, as to draft. The important
thing is that it will be followed quickly by
many other wooden ‘‘feeders’’ for the Allies
from the inland seas of the United States.

Manitowoc is a very busy town, and it has
at hand all the facilities for ship building
“‘while you wait.”’

ABOUT THE ICE AGES

About fifty years ago English geologists
Fecognized the fact that certain masses of
gravel and breccia and certain planed and
grooved rock surfaces in rocks of Permian
age in India indicated a glacial epoch vastly
older than that of the North American” jce
sheets, but only within the last thirty years
have geologists learned that glacial conditions
have recurred at many different times in the
earth’s history. The evidence of this fact
has been found in all continents—in Europe,

Asia, Africa, Australia, South America, snd —

North America. Great ice sheets were
formed at different periods in the larger
divisions of geologic time back to the Pro-
teroboic—that is, to the age of the oldest
known sedimentary rocks, a great many mil-
lion years ago. '

One of the most recent discoveries of old
glacial deposits is that made by Prof. W.
W. Atwood, near Ridgeway, in south-
western Colorado. Professor Atwood there
found typical glacial *‘till,”’ containing pebbles
and boulders showing well-preserved scratches
and other markings, lying beneath Tertiar,g,
lavas of the San Juan Mountains and resting
upon Upper Cretaceousbeds. The conditions
of the occurrence show that these gravels are
of early Eocene age. s
