---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_056.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES

» At the March 19th Meeting of the Board of
| ‘j Delegates the following were admitted to
~ membership in the Club: B 9097, 9082, 9095,
- 8279, 9084, 9083, 9096, 9098, 9078, 9077, 9076,
9075, 9088, 7016, 9089, 9100, 9087, 9085, 9080—
 BOc; 5847—25¢; 9094—25¢; two re-instatements
‘B 5988, 7025—$1.00 and one resignation B 59-
- w7 who has wearied of the struggle, tempor-
i arlly, at least. The Report of the Treasurer
showed a 'Balance of $63.47 in the Club’s
Treasury, which gives promise of the Club
- being able to purchase a flivver in the near
~ future, and give its members joy-rides about
" the Institution. New Delegates from the
~ 10th Block, B 8996, the 7th Gallery, B 9005,
~ and the 5th Block, B 5165, were presented to
the Board by the Chairman, A 8432, in a few
short and mellifluous words, and were given
' an appropriate welcome. The Receipts of
~ the week were approximately as follows: Li-
" prary, $5.50; World Almanacs, $1.60; Dele-
. pates Caps $.65; Donations $2.15; no correct
~ report of sales for the week was at hand,
' but we can at least mention $2.50 as sure.
Expenditures of the week were: B 6282, mak-
ing bases for Cup Protectors, $2.50; B 5845,
~ making Caps for Delegates, $1. OO Loans
‘B 5293, $5.00; B 8570, $5.00; B 6765, to enable
 him to redeem Cornet sold to fellow Inmate’
. $20.00: Magazine Subscriptions, $1.10. The
. Wool fund closed with a total of $54.05 given-
which makes it as' much a success as the Lib-
erty Loan. 3
. The 1st Section was finely entertained at
~ the Hall on Saturday afternoon, though the
knowledge that it was seeing its last Show of
the present Season would have been ordinar-
ily sufficient to cast a gloom over any per®
formance, but Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa,
perhaps anticipating this, so filled our fir-
mament with ‘‘Stars,’” both screen and the-
~_ atrical, as to quite dazzle our poor eyes and
. left us absolutely no time nor inclination - for
regrets. Following a musical number by
Prof. Weigandt, and his potential warriors,
the audience was entertained by B 7349, and
B 8137, who with saxophone and accordion
;,;,»‘g.»reduced such harmony as caused them to be
~ insistently-encored by the audience. They
‘were followed by B 8932 whose talents as a
- ' whistler are really remarkable. The Picture
. presented by Mr. Kraupa for our delectation
.~ was an Ince production, entitled The Clod-
: hopper with Charles Ray in the title role.
The bill-opener of the vaudeville was Mr.
~ Scott Brown in a reportoire of songs. Mr.
~ Alfred Burke followed with a singing and
~  talking act which made a hit with his hear-
ers; and was succeeded in turn By The Mu-
~ sical Roberts, who showed themselves pos-
- sessed of areal musical talent, and dallied
: with more musical instruments than we had
_ greamede'xisted. Mr. Harry Rome, followed,
~ delighting the audience with his songs, nota-
~  bly, “I Don’t Want To Get Well,”’ and

ST

‘u&%\

THE UMPIRE
““We’ll Hang the Kaiser Under the Linden
Tree.”” The Haney Kids closed the bill, and
were even more egharming than before. .

There were two or three pleasant little
interludes during the vaudeville performance
one of these being the occasion of what Miss
Russell termed her annual speech. She told
us of the pleasure she had gotten out of do-
ing her little ‘‘bit’”” for us, and that she
would have willingly done more, and assured
us that we might count on her for the com-
ing Winter. It was Mr. Kraupa’s turn next
and he also did nobly; he read the returns
from the Kiddies’ Xmas Fund Collection, be-
ing a total of $75.20, and though regrettlng
that the boys did not.do quite so well as last

Spring, assured them of his entire satisfac-
tion with their efforts to show their appre-
ciation of Miss Russell’s and shis kindness.
He also promised—Mr. Micawber like—never
to desert us, and offered his services for any
inclement Saturday afternoon during the
Summer. It was then our esteemed Presi-
dent, the Hon. ‘‘Rube’’ came to bat, and
made a ‘‘home run’’ in voicing the thanks
of the members present. At the close of
his little speech, the Vice-President, A 8432,
moved that the audience give Miss Russell
and Mr. Kraupa, a vote of thanks for their
good service, a motion which was seconded by
B 8436, Chairman of the Board of Governors,
and on being put to the question by the
President, the entire audience rose to its
feet as one man, voting its appreciation of so
fine a work and friendship. ‘

) — B 8266.

A LETTER OF THANKS
March 20, 1918.

Mr. Charles Carver, :
Stephen Girard B]dg .
Philadelphia, Penna.

Dear Mr. Carver:—
Captain Fallon has asked

me to gratefully acknowledge receipt of your
kind favor of March 11th which is very much
appreciated.

Of the possible two hundred lectures which
he has delivered since he has been in the
United States, none have seemed to inspire

him like the one he delivered at the Peni-

tentiary. He says that he felt as if he could
go on talking forever, andthe beautiful trlb—
ute from the Honor and Friendship Club,
something that will be appreciated by h1m
forever.

If there is ever another opportunity where
he can serve you, please do not hesitate to
call upon him.

Very sincerely yours,

SIDNEY J. BURGOYNE.
—————

It was recently announced that a powerful
electric submarine camera that a New York
man has invented is expected to get as much
information about sunken vessels in a short
time as it would take experienced dlvers
days to gather.

Bargaln to au1ck buyer

Notice for advertisements must come througk y3
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE o
When advertised goods are sold will be demed futu ]
of “Ad” column. Seyee

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-bru
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. )
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates '
B 7386, 3rd Block. '
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable pric
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Galler
TEACHING— Mandolin and Guitar; 50¢c p
month. B 7065, 1st Block.
HANDSOME pin cusions of dlﬁ"erent de‘ gn
See B 8327 8th Block. '
FOR SALE—$50 Bnglish BanJO Mandohn,»
leather case, with 6 sets of Mandolin-Guit
folios. Prlce $25. BS8662, 12 B-2nd Gall
BOATS—Sail-boats made: to order. :
models and half models of ships, and toys
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prwes reas. B5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prlces rea
able. B 6523, 7th Block. <
FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandoIm
Will sell reasonabl_z B 6452, 1st Block. =
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; alsc
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for oil- pal(_
Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, Tth G
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 76¢. B 5036, 6th Block.
FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of Us
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call
B 6450, 1st Block. S
FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s f
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes.
Kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish m
ial to make bead. purses, to good worke:
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applic
gend number to 11th Block. ‘ e
FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-
hand bags in many different colors.
$1.00. B 5396, 12- 1st Gallery.
FOR SALE-—Bead watch Fobs.
made to order. Also stock on hand.
guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block. -
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any/
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Bloek.
FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and
hair links made to go on end of fobs
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch
on hand. Special designs made to order b
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block. ik
T,09T—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Ga

FOR SALE-—Victor phoncgraph with hor
and 38 records. Cheap. B 7073, 11th B]ock
FOR SALE—Violin. = Good make vl
reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.
POEMS and short stories grarrmatlcally
rected and punctuated. Appropriate cha
B 7871, 12-2nd Gallery.
TRY ME and T will make you a nnrfect
of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and se
my samples. Expert worker. B 8936.
FOR SALE—Two newgbeautifol
ished picture frames. 16x20 all ve
_B 8557, 9t

Any design
W()I‘k 4

