---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_057.jpg
---
& mf“

R Y
)

THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

' Philadelphia, April 3, 1918

NO. 1

YOUNGEST JURIST
APPOINTED TO BENCH

It is announced that John C. Knox, nomi-
nated by President Wilson as Judge for the
Southern District of New York, will be the
youngest jurist on the Federal bench. He
was born at Waynesburg, Pa., thirty-six
years ago, was graduated from Waynesburg
College in 1902, studied law at the Univer-
sity of Pennsylvania and served as city mag-
istrate in Waynesburg in 1906.

During a portion of his five-year period of
service as Assistant United States Attorney,
he had charge of the Federal criminal bureau
and personally investigated and passed on
thousands of enemy-alien internment cases.

He was in charge of prosecution of Lieu-
tenant Robert Fay, a German officer convic-
ted of plotting to blow up munition ships,
and directed the investigation of the alleged
Hindu conspiracy to cause a revolutionary
‘uprising in India.

JEWISH HOLIDAYS

The Jewish Inmates of the Eastern State
Penitentiary—some forty in number—kept
the eight days of Passover in all conformity
with the Law of Moses which bids all mem-
bers of that race to remember annually with
solemn ritual the Great Deliverance from
the land of Egypt, and the bonds of the

oppressor.
Messrs. Berkowitz, Berman, Hemple,Joseph,
Platowsky, of the B,Rith, were the

committee in charge, and, as always, left no
stones unturned to see that their unfortunate
co-religionists wanted for nothing that was
necessary to their observance of this great
Feast. Through the kindness of our Ward-
en Robt. J. McKenty, each man was allowed
twenty pounds of matzos, or unleavened
bread, for the period, as well as other nec-
essaries, and services were held daily in an
improvised Synagogue, at ten o’clock, morn-
ing, and from five to seven o’clock, evenings;
with Rabbi Dr. J. Medoff officiating.

It has been for several years, in power or
in captivity; a mighty nation or an outcast
people; in Ghetto, and the pale, the palace
or the prison, the Jew is faithful to the Law
of his fathers, and rises superior to place
and circumstance, and therein lies the secret
of their indurance, for nations and peoples,

like induviduals, must keep faith, or perish.
B sl

Episzopal services will be held at the
prison chapel tomorrow morning at 9.30.

U. S. MARINE CORPS
SEEKS 2,220 MORE MEN

Al telegram was received by Captain S.A.
W. Patterson, on Saturday, directing him to
begin enlisting Philadelphia’s quota of 2,220
men wanted at once for the corps. Enlisting
will begin at once. Along with the men
wanted for sea military duty a call was made
for fifty stationary engineers to work at
League Island.

The inactivity in Marine Corps circles was
caused by the delay on the part of Congress
in passing the bill providing for the formation
of a new division of the Marine Corps, call-
ing for 20,000 more men. It is not thought
here that today’s enlistment order will inter-
fere with recruiting the 20,000 men specified
in the bill now pending.

Captain Patterson said that the Marine

Corps would accept married and single men _

between the ages of 18 and 33, that men in
the dratt, providing they are not wanted to
make up the next quota, will be enlisted.
The requirements for this branch of the
service are severe.

PERSISTENCY FINALLY WON
AFTER ELEVEN REJECTIONS

The case of a man who would not accept
rejection came to notice the other day, when
David C. Colodny of this city, after trying
eleven times to get into some branch of the
Government service, being rejecled each
time on account of nearsighteness, was ac-
cepted by the British and Canadianrzcruiting
mission. He was enlisted for service with
the Jewish contingent that is going to Pales-
tine.

Colodny was a special student in English at
the University of Pennsylvania. Until re-
cently he was assistant manager of the book-
store at the Houston Club. His fatker is a
member of the Russian Secret Service.

SALOON BUSINESS ON THE SLUMP

Increased taxes and costs that are slashing
profits will result in the closing of about a
hundred saloons in this city May 31, accord-
ing to D. Clarence Gibboney, of the Law
and Order Society.

Mr. Gibboney predicted that when the
present license period ends more saloonmen

will quit the business than ever before in the

local history of the licensed bar.

Under che present system of revenue, the
Governmentisreceiving $1,000,000,000 yearly
in taxes from the liquor business. The nor-
mal revenue, he said, is about $365,00v,000.

FORMER PASTOR PARDONED

An Indianapolis, Ind., correspondent writes
that the Rev. William E. Hinshaw, sen-
tenced to prison for life more than twenty
years ago, has been granted a pardon. The
writer says that Hinshaw probably was In-
diana’s most noted prisoner.

The pardon given Hinshaw becomes oper-
ative at once. This will allow the former
clergyman to go back to his ranch in the
the Southwest as he desires. He purchased
the ranch last year while on s temporary
parole. Before his return to prison at the
expiration of his temporary parole in 1917
Hinshaw is said to have married, and it is be-
lieved that his wife is now living on the ranch.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meeting of March 26, the
following applications for membership were
made and accepted: B 9063, 9090, 9091, 9093.
The Treasurer’s Report was read, showing a
Balance of $66.14 in the Club Treasury. The
resignation of B 8140, 3rd Block, from the
Club was accepted.

The approximate receipts of the week
were: Library, $4.00; sales of Inmates work,
$40.45; sales of waste-paper, rags, ete., for
quarter, $136.60; loan repaid by B 8646, $5.00.
Expenditures: Loans, B 7270, 7912, 79138
$2.00; paid to Horlacher Auto Service for
truck hire, $2.00; to Central News Co., for
periodicals, $10.04; to B 7576, commission on
sale of waste-paper, etc., $18.66; magazine
subsecriptions, $23.65. :

We would be glad to know just what’s the
matter wich the younger element that they
don’t volunteer more freely for the games 11)
be held during the summer. We wonder if
it would help any to have the potatoes fried
for them in the Potato Race? Or must we
offer a Pardon as a prize to the winners? We
trust that each Block and Gallery will readily
find enough gladiators to uphold its honor in
these friendly games. Ask your delegate.

We are requested to whisper a word of
warning in the collective ears of those Van-
dals who persist in mutilating the magazines
rented them. through the Club’s Circulating
Library. They must really try to rememn ber
that the two-cent-a-day fee only entitles
them to the reading of the magazine, and
not to the permanent retention of any part
of it that may strike treir errant fancy.

In what was exp=cted to be the last show
of the present seuscn, but which in the end
was found to be so vuly so far as the vaude-

(Coniinued on page %)
