---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_058.jpg
---
\V)

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.
Philadelphia, April 3, 1918.

““In times of darkness and despair remem-
ber that the fulfilment of our hopes lies
through God’s love.’’

THE LIGHT THAT FAILED

Ttisn’t anything unusual of late years to
hear of money-mad young men who are bent
on getting something for nothing, despite all
that has been said and written advising the
fallacy of such an undertaking. They come
and go in varied” numbers and our criminal
courts usually form a fitting background
of their closing career.

There is an old saying about a fool being
born every minute, and from evidence easy
to find, it would seem to be a near truth.
Not only do the get-rich-quick-Wallingfords
persist in their endeavors to consider the
“‘world as their oyster,”” but they do so love

to top it off by crowing over their craftiness. -

Such a young man was ‘‘the Wolf of Wall
street,’’ as he loved to term himself, when
he went to Wall street a few years ago, to
‘‘enter the gentleman’s game of sheering
the lambs.”’

Well, he has seen the folly of his ways at
last, and as a writer in the Forum puts it,
he is preparing ‘‘to write confessions that
will inspire young men to do right.”’

Telling of his interview with ‘‘the Wolf,’”’

which took place at a Government hostelry
where men are sent to ‘‘reflect on errovs of
the past,’’” the writer goes on to say that
‘“‘Lamar, clad in a blue crash uniform which

was neat and clean, greeted him with a-

sweeping bow, and passed before him into a
cheerless, barren room where the windows
were high up in the walls and the only fur-
nishing consisted of a deal table and some
chairs. After discussion of the business in
hand, the prisoner, who seemed troubled
said suddenly:

““ ‘T am now on the shady side of life. I
have had my day in court, and - was constitu-
tionally protected. The courts were fair
with me and I was justly sentenced. @ When
I come out I will be square; I will have paid
the debt I owed; I have learned that every-
thing concerning a man’s happiness comes
from within, and that it s an inexhaustible
source.

THE UMPIRE

‘¢ “There is no one I want to fight. When
I am out, I shall go back to my home in New
York, live quietly, and trouble nobody. Per-
haps I shall evolve from my experience a
book of confessions that will help and inspire
younger men to do right.’

“‘As we stepped out from the gloomy re-
ception room, where the guard had sat be-
tween us listening to what we said, into the
corridor, Lamar shook hands cordially and
walked briskly away toward the outer gates
that opened to the cells.”’ :

Thus the end of all wildeat schemes of im-
mature minds. However shrewd and re-
sourceful they may be, without proper train-
ing and control, they are bound to fail in the
long run. Those who travel the ‘‘glittering
path’’ are bound to pay the price.

ANTI-LOAFING LEGISLATION

A correspondent writes that New York
state has followed New Jersey in the intro-
duction of anti-loafing legislation that is
designed to utilize the full man power of
the State and at the same time rid the com-
munity of a worthless element in its compo-
sition.

The bill is saia to provide that all able
bodied men between the ages of 18 and 50,
be employed at some useful cccupation. Tre
jobless must register at the agencies of the
State Industrial Commission, and power is
vested in sheriffs and police officers to arrest
unemployed men not so registered.

There is some doubt justhow the law would
work out in actual operation. A wide differ-
ence of opinion is bound to ensue on what
may be a ‘‘useful occupation.’”” Further-
more, the class of men who would habitually
loaf during a national crisis like the present
would, perhaps, as soon go to jail as not.
Care would also have to be taken to prevent

the abuse of the proposed law by draft dodg- .

ers.

At any rate, cessation of immigration, the
migration of alien reservists and the en-
listment of thousands of New York boys
make it a moral, if not a legal offence, for
a man who can work, to be idle now.

CANADA TO ENLIST EX-PRISONERS

It is proposed to organize a regiment of
ex-prisoners from all parts of Canada at an
early date, says a writer in a Montreal paper.

The writer advocated service in the army
or navy for prisoners. He ascserted tkat
under the present plan the prisoners are a
great economic loss to the taxpayers In
France and Canada, said the speaker, con-
victs have been allowed to fight for their
country. ;

““This war will have a demoralizing effect
on them,’’ he said. ‘‘After it is over there
will be more crime than ever, and we must
prepare a more adequate penal system.’’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the first Monday at 2.00 P. M., and the
third Thursday at 9.80 A. M. and 2.00 P. M.
of every month. ,

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

THE LURE OF THE SEA

There was a time when the spirit of ad-
venture was alive within the heart of every
American boy. The loveof travel, of danger
of new faces and new scenes carried him to
the far corners of the earth and into the un-
beaten paths of land and sea. :

Later there came a time when the adven-
ture of money-making absorbed the young
American. He found in business, in office
or store, or perchance in Wall street, the °
excitement he craved. And for more than
fifty years the American adventurer of the
old type has been a rarity.

The éea, whose lure to young America was
once so strong, called him no more. The
steamship does not present the romantic ap-
peal of the sailing craft of other’ days. The
stoker twenty feet beneath the surfsce of
the water has not the outlook that once. be-
longed to the ‘‘sailor before the mast.”’

“To day it would seem that the sea is
calling again—and young America must
answer. For with the call of the sea comes
the call of his native land.

America’s merchant marine must be man-
ned if our ships are to carry fvod and muni-
tions to liberty’s legions across the water.-
The great fleet that soon will find its way in-
to the waters of the seven seas has need of
200,000 men. More than 80,000 of these with
12,000 officers must be found during 1918.
And the entire number must be afloat by the
end of the second year. There is need for
every American who has ever had experience
on the ocean. There isneed for every one
who can become a sailor. And there will be
need for cooks and cabin boys as well.

The new merchant marine will offer a place
to every American youth in whose heart the
love of adventure is implanted—and he will
be rendering his country a vitally necessary
service while searching out excitement and
romance in the four corners of the earth.

Not where you came from but where you
are going is your place of residence. A
man with a cosmopolitan mind may live
twenty miles from the nearest store—and
be on his way to the top of a national enter-
prise.
