---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_059.jpg
---
L.: “MURMURING” FLAGSTONES

| Those who visit Washington find unique
dhe “murmuring’’ flagstones in the floor
‘Inder the dome of the capitol building which
0 scientist has been able to explain. The
éqgstones are some forty or fifty feet apart,
ff;d when two persons are standing on them
4 tone in the lowest pitch will be heard dis-
Minetly. If either person steps off his par-
Hicular flagstone he must shout to be under-
%tood. Mysterious acoustics of this kind are
‘are throughout the world.

BLACK HILLS OF DAKOTA

il

’.

- The Black Hills of the Dakotas are in
‘dmany ways our most beautiful bit of scenery,
Mdescribes a writer. Lacking the grandeurof
‘Mthe Rockies, they have a glamour of isolated
‘Wloveliness which gives them the charm of the
Mplace cut off and secluded—the charm that
‘Hbelongs to lonely islands and to the little
‘dtowns of the northern wilderness. The Black
H Hills are a mountain islet in a sea of plain.
‘¥ They have the streams, the forests and the
‘8 storms of the Rockies and in their Bad Lands
§§ they have the fantastic wind carven buttes
‘8 and mesas of the painted desert and the

‘Grand canyon. Also, nowadays they have

"% auto roads.
A WIG OF GLASS
fij It is announced that in Venice they are

# spinning glass for commercial purposes, con-
verting it into glass cotton and glass wool
4 pressed into sheets or pads. Although the
# principal use of the product at present is for
¥ insulation, we have the word of the Italian
makers that it serves admirably for making
artificial hair,. wigs, perukes, doll’s hair,
Santa Claus beards and other hirsute adorn-
ments. The processes of manufacture are
simple. Solid glass rods, made of pure
American soda that contains no adulteration
" of lead or other metal, are worked into fluff
under a Bunsen burner and blowpipe. A
bieycle wheel, minus the tire, winds up the
threads. If the threads are sufficiently fine
‘they curl up and fluff out like wool. The
‘product is now marketed in three forms—
glass cotton, glass wool, and in sheets about
a half-inch thick, which resembles white felt
pads.- In the last form mentioned it may be
used to make separators for accumulators of
electricity.

GREAT THOUGHT LIVES ON

: ::"‘The career of a great man remains an
v :e‘nduring monument of human energy. The
.~ man dies and disappears, but his thoughts
i,and acts survive and leave an indelible stamp
~upon his race.

~ An alarm whistle to be mounted on an
~ automobile cylinder valve czp is said to be
about ten times as powerful as the type
’s exhaust.

THE UMPIRE

THE WAY I FOUGHT

I am not bound to win life’s fame, I am not
charged to reach a goal;

It is not told that victory alone shall conse-
crate the soul. ;

Not all the great men come to wealth, not all
the noble men succeed,

The glory of a life is not the record of one
daring deed;

And if I serve a purpose true, and keep my
course, though temptest-tossed,

It shall not matter in the end, whether I won
my fight or lost.

I was not ordered at my birth to come to
death possessing gold;

No stern command was given me that riches
must be mine to hold.

The reason for my life is hid, I shall not
solve the mystery here,

And even what is victory for mortal men is
far from clear; . ’

But this I know, when comes the end and all
my toiling here is done,

The way 1 fought will count for more than
all the goals I may have won

If only victory were good, and only riches
proved men’s worth,

Then only men of strength would live, and
brutes alone would rule the earth;

Then striving for a lofty goal and failing to
succeed were sin,

And men and women would lie and cheat and
steal and stoop to anything to win.

But there are greater gcals than gold, and
finer virtues than success,

And now I’ve fought shall count for more
than what I’ve managed to possess.

—FEdgar A. Guest.

CIVIL WAR PRICES OF TOOD

Although the average cost of food in the
North was lower during the Civil War than
at the present time, the burden on the people
was much heavier on account of the lower
wages that prevailed in those days. From
1861 to 1863, when the crest of the high price
was reached, the increase varied from 66 to
75 per cent., and in a few instances itreached
100 per cent. Eggs, for example, sold for 15
cents a dozen in 1861, and in 1863 they ‘‘soar-
ed’’ to 25 cents a dozen. Cheese advanced
from eight cents to 18 cents a pound. Pota-
toes sold for $1.50 a bushel in 1861 and for
$2.25 in 1863. Sugar rose to15 cents a pound,
and butter at one time cost 80 cents a pound.
Cotton cloth was scarce and reached itshigh-
est price at 81 a yard. The average pay of
the common laborer in Civil War was $1.25
a day, as against $3 a day or more the labor-
ers are now demanding. Blacksmiths and
bricklayers $2 a day, painters $1.75, joiners
and shipbuilders $2, and quarrymen $1.12.
Contrasting these wages with the pay of
men in similar occupations today, it can bte
szen that the cost of livingis farlesstrouble-
some now than it was in the period from
1861 to 1864.

- COBBLER NOW A PLUTOCRAT

A few years ago, avows a writer, the cob-
bler pegged away with hammer and awl,
read philosophy, ancient and modern, and
was the friend of every child in the neighbor-
hood. When one brought him a pair of de-
crepit shoes he was sympathetic and ex-
pressed a kindly doubt whether they could
be half-soled and generally over-hauled for
less than 65 cents. Nowadays it is different.
The cobbler is a plutocrat who owns buzzing
machines. When he gives the shoes of last
winter the once over he coldly announces that
near-rubber soles will be $2 and the heels
will be 75 cents. Naturally one reaches the
depths of despair in his presence.

It requires but small power of observation
to discover that the cobbler lately has ‘‘come
back.’”” Ever since the shoe manufacturer
began increasing his prices the people have
sought to equalize matters somewhat by
wearing their shoes just a little longer. -In
order to make this scheme work there had to
be cobblers. Then the cobblers got to rais-
ing prices, and one’s plans for economy were
shot full of holes.

While shoemaking by hand is a disappear-
ing art, cobbling never before attained -such
importance as an industry. The difference
is that nowadays they cobble with machinery.

57,000 MEN SENT TO DRAFT CAMPS

A Harrisburg correspondent writes that ac-
cording to the figures issued by State Draft
Headquarters, there have been 57,000 Penn-
sylvanians in round numbers sent to camps
by local draft boards. The total number of
men registered under the draft in Pennsyl-
vania is approximately 860,000.

Reports from 213 draft boards show that
552,388 have been classified by local boards
in all classes to date of which 132,984 have
been placed in Class 1, with 9,607 placed in
Class 1 whose cases are pending before dis-

‘trict appeal boards.

HOPE FOR SUNDAY BASEBALL

Itis reported by a New York correspond-
ent that an effort to lift Senator Lawson’s
Sunday baseball bill out of the Legislative
deadwood in the House has just been started
by baseball fans, clergymen and legislators
here’. This measure has the indorsement of
prominent divines and lawmakers, from all
parts of the State. Women’s clubs and re-
ligious organizations have’ given their sup-
port to its enactment.

Senator Lawson, of Kings, sponsor for the
measure, urged the bill for immediate en-
actment before the Upper House. He stated
that favorable report of the bill had been
made from the Senate Code Committe only
after an exhaustive hearing, and that every
objection to this legislation had keen over-
come.
