---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_060.jpg
---
4

- THE UMPIRE

M—————_———_—_—_——_

H. F. C. NOTES
(Continued from page 1)

ville was concerned, as Mr. Kraupa—who
with his usual modesty blamed it on the
Hon. Jimmy-turn-the-crank, but we all know
who was the guilty party—offered to pro-
vide two more movie shows before turning
us out into the yard. Needless to say, his
offer was accepted with enthusiasm. Miss
Russell and Mr. Kraupa fairly outdid them-
gelves in the character of the acts and pic-
tures furnished for our delectation. It was
a long show, and a good one, and left no
spectator in doubt as to whether he liked it
or no. To cap the climax, as. it were, Miss
Angellotti appeared on the scene, and offici-
ated at the piano with all her pristine charm.

Prof. Weigandt, and hisindefatigable Band
aided by some local talent, namely, B 7349
and B 8137 for whom the Saxaphone and
the Accordion have no secrets, entertained
the audience very successfully during the
short interval of waiting. The first picture
was a one-reel Farce, entitled ‘‘A Matri-
monial Accident,’”’ and we advise everyone to
take out insurance against a possibility of
such happenings at once. Then came the
Feature, a five-reel Comedy, entitled, ‘‘An
Even Break,’’ which was very well liked by
the audience, their approval at times being
- almost of an explosive character.

Before the starting of the Vaudeville Bill,
Miss Russell appeared before the curtain,
and made a spirited little speech, as full of
“pep’’ as Chili-con-carne; expressing her
great pleasure at being allowed to do her
little “‘bit’’ for us, but promised to do more
during the coming Season should she be per-
mitted to do so. She refused to take any
credit to herself, saying that we owed most
to H. Bart McHugh, whom we know as,
perhaps Philadelpia’s most popular Booking-
" Agent, and Miss Russell’s staunch associate
and when the British and the Irish really get
together what chance has the rest of the
world? We take thisopportunity to acknowl-
edge our debt to Mr. McHugh, and assure
the gentleman‘of our sincere appreciation of
his really notably generosity, and wish all
success to Miss Russell and he in their
enterprise. May their shadow never grow
less. ;

Mr. Kraupa also read to the Section the
report of the Xmas Fund Collection, and
spoke a few winged words, and then announ-
ced to a delighted audience—camouflaging
himself, as it were, behind the Hon. Jimmy-
turn-the-crank —that two more Movie Shows
would be given, should permission be secured,
As a curtain-raiser, his speech was certainly
a success.

The first Act on the Afternoon Program
was The Melody Fiends, being three gentle-
man song-birds, bearing Mandolins, and
chock-full of harmony. Their rendition of the
songs ‘‘That’s the Kind of a Baby for Me,”’
““Soldier Boy,’’ and ‘‘The Long, Long, Trail’’

were given in such manner as to give them
a determined encore, and the conclusion of the
Act left everybody feeling that their title
was well deserved.

Mr. Franz Meisel, Miss Russell’s talented
“find,”” was next to appear, and gave as
fine a performance on the violin as on his
previous appearance. His offerings, both
grave and gay, met with the heartiest ap-
proval of the audience, and we are sure he
could not have been received with more ap-
preciation had he been in cultured Boston;
good music is to us a rarity, and so doubly
appreciated. We -are very much in Mr.
Meisel’s debt for the pleasure he has given
us, and wish him all success.

Another of our favorites returned to us in
the person of little Miss Adeline Bendon,
whom we are honored by having as an Hon-
orary Member of the Club. This dainty
little Miss is perhaps the most charming
“Juvenile’’ that treads the boards of any
stage; and delighted us all with her singing
of ‘““Mary, You’re Just a Little Bit Old-Fash-
ioned,”” and ‘‘I Wish I was in the Land of
Cotton Now,”’ and that old favorite of ours,
0 Johnny, O Johnny,”” which Miss Bendon
can sing with more expression than Blanche
Ring, we wager. B 8361, who is one of Miss
Bendons loyal admirers presented her through
the medium of Miss Russell, with a Beaded
Hand Bag, and she responded with a word
of thanks, and a ‘‘God bless you,’”” which we
feel carried more weight than any Bishop’s.

Miss Edith Ellison, Soprano of the Im-
perial Band of Woodside Park, followed and
made a tremendous hit with fine singing. Miss
Ellison sang two Numbers, ‘‘Child of My
Dreams’’ and ‘‘“The Sunshine of Your Smile’’
and then in a response to an insistent encore,
with the most delightful of Irish Brogues
“Somewhere In Ireland.”” We beg to tender
to Miss Ellison our most sincere thanks for
her kindness in appearing before us; and we
express an equally sincere hope that she will
consent to sing for us again at some future
day.

Then came the big feature of the after-
noon, the Buster Brown Minstrels, courtesy
of H. Bart McHugh; these young Misses
seven in number, elad in real Buster Brown
costumes; took the heart of the audience by
storm, and earned round upon round of ap-
plause with their joking and singing. Their
taste seemed to run to Southern Melodies;
they opening with the ¢‘‘Dixie Volunteers’’
and proceeding with the ¢ Sailing On The
Henry Clay’’ and ‘‘I’'m All Bound Around
With The Mason-Dixon Line;”’ but the au-
dience appreciated more the Parody on the
famous Song, ‘‘There’l Be a Hot Time For
the Old Men When the Young Men Go
Away.”” A ‘‘Buck Dance’’ done by a trio of
the young Ladies was also loudly applauded.
From first to last their act was a ‘‘Sure-fire
hit;”’ and we are in. the young Ladies debt
for a most delightful quarter-of-an-hour,

- THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (%)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. *%
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work gparanteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships, and toys.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block. ;
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for oil-painted
Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, 7th Gal.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE-—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

also

hand bags in many different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery. ;

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.
FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00.. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watech fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.
LOST—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Gal.

FOR SALE—Victor phonecgraph with horn
and 38 records. Qhean. B 7073, 11th Block.
FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms
reasonable. B R09R%, 1st Block. '
POEMS and short stories grammatically cor-
rected and punetnated. Appropriate charges.
B 7871. 12-2nd Gallery. $
TRY MFE and T will make you a nerfect fob
of anv desion for $5 a dozen. Call and see
mv samples.  Exvert worker. B8936, 1st B,
FOR SAT,E—Two new heautiful egilt-bur-
iched nieture frames, 16%20 2all comnlete.
Rargain to quick tuver. B 8557'.7?’(#}1__131(_)01(.

and heartily wish they could come again to

cheer us.
—B 8266, Secretary.

