---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_061.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, April 10, 1918

NO. 15

" URGES PRISONERS PAROLE;
THEY’LL AID FARMERS

A movement to have prisoners serving
sentences for minor offences paroled so they
can work on farms, was started by Edwin
M. Abbott, chairman of the Commission on
revision of the penal laws of Pennsylvania,
in a letter to Governor Brumbaugh yesterday,

Mr. Abbott urged the governor to co-oper-
ate in requesting all judges of the state to
parole prisoners, and he called attention to
the fact that over 95 per cent. of all prisoners
paroled in this state have made good.

The above news item should hit the major-
ity of us right where we live, and Mr. abbott,
and the Governor can’t move fast enough to
suit us. ‘‘Breathes there a man with soul so
dead, who never to himself hath said back to
that dear old farm for mine, whose heart has
ne’er within him burned, as for the sausage
he has yearned, and dough-nuts of ve olden
time.”’ ,

And as for 95 per cent. of us probably mak-
ing good, we’ll wager our last nickel that
190 per cent. of us would make good on a
farm, right now. Speaking for ourself no
temptation could possibly win us away from

a farmer who had even a passably goed cook, -

ip this day and hour of war-bread, and extra
charge for butter.

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

The regular meeting of Chaplain Jeserh
Welch’s Bible School was held on Wednesday
afternoon April 3rd. Chaplain Welch gave
the boys one of his usual short but pointed
addresses, admonishing them to do right.
Mr. Frank Dipple, who is always on hand,
read the lesson and also gave the boys some
good advice and introduced Mr. Arnold Buck-
ley, one of the singers at the Brotherhood
Mission, who entertained with two selections.
Mr. Dipple brought with him as the after-
noon speaker the Rev. William D. McCurdy
who is Associate Pastor with Dr. Russell
Cohwell at the Baptist Temple of this city.
Rev. McCurdy’s eloquent address put him
in the first rank among the speakers who
have addressed our Bible School and every one
present understood and enjoyed .his. ta'lk,
The Chaplain extended to him an an]tat]f)l’]
to come again and we all say ‘‘Amen’’ to it.
The singing of the hymn ““Meet me There’’
by the Episcopal Choir was so unusally good,
that it was sung the second time with the

audience B 7341 assisted the choir with the

cornet.
—B 7291.

MUSIC HATH CHARMS

The Concert given by the Ladies of San
Domingo Choral on the Center, Sunday af-
ternoon, made a very pleasant beginning for
the new week, and an equally pleasant break
in the inevitable monotony of prison-life.

Directed by Mr. Thomas F. Hogan, with
Miss Loreto McCann at the piano, the ladies
sang nine numbers of varied beauty and
power, culminating in the magnificent ‘‘Glor-
ia’’ of Mercadantes, rendered by a double
Quartette of mixed voices. During an in-
terlude, Miss McCann, who possesses the
unique and beautiful accomplishment of being

"perhaps the best whistler whom we have

ever heard, whistled the aria ‘‘Oh! I have
sighed to rest me’’ from the Miserere, in Il
Trovatore, following with a medley of pop-
ular airs, including the peculiarly beautiful
““There’s a Long, Long Trail,”” and ending
a much-applauded performance with the
ever-delightful ‘‘Mocking-Bird.”’

It was a ‘‘crowded hour’’ of song, that
they gave, and the ladies of the Choral were
highly, and deservedly, complimented by
Chaplain Welch for their splendid work.

A STRONG BASEBALL TEAM

Manager Walter Tees has organized a
strong team of baseball players to test the
skill of the E. S. P. League on the diamond.
The following well-known stars will endeavor
to show the boys how the National game
should be played: Walter Tees, pitcher;
Wm. Haverly, catcher; Wm. Cook, 1st. base
and captain; Jos. McGuriman, 2nd. base,
Francis Kelly, center field; Chris Hines, 3rd.
base; James O’Brien No.2, short stop;
Walter Enckler, right field; James McGrane,
left field; Subs. James Bendel, Frank Mehedy,
R. Meyer, ground keeper; John Schrader,
mascot; Wm. McDonald, water boy; George
Whitaker, bat boy; Wm. Walker, score
keeper; James S. Yarrall, umpire.

Capt. Parker’s Squad Wins

Capt. Parker’s team defeated Capt. Dut-
ton’s team after a very interesting game by
the close score of 10—9. The feature of the
game was the coaching of Capt. Parker and
home runs by Jas. M. Caughan and Jno. Me-
Laughlin, and the catching of Billy Andrews.

We are glad to note the re-appearance of
the Deputy-Warden, Mr. Enc:ler, on the
Center; after a fewdays absence, due to ill-
ness; but our satisfaction is tempered with a
real regret at the reported serious condition
of Captain Soucder, whcm, we are sure,
everyone wishes a speedy recovery, and an
early return.

LET’S BE GLAD

It always takes two to be glad.
* %
*

Never forget that for one whole year you
were a ten-year-old kid yourself. Yes, and
most of us only remember the stone-bruise.

* *
%k

Don’t grouch. Smash a window or a chair,
and get it over with. We wonder if the chap
who gives this gratuitous advice ever heard
of the First Block.

* 3k

As we understand it, cigarettes are ex-
tremely hurtful to everyone except soldiers.
Here’s another reason why our younger set
should join the Army. -

* . E

Your friend is the man who knows all
about you, and still likes you. If that’s so
we know a lot of people who will never make
more than acquaintances.

* &
b

““Curly’s’” War Gardeners have petitioned
the Government to be taken over as a body
at the conclusion of the local planting season,
and have offered, should their request be
granted, to do all Pershing’s digging on the
Western Front. .

*

It is reported that Cap. Parker’s ball-
players—who are practicing all over the lot,
and sending cold chills down the backs of
their prospective opponents by their expert
volley firing-—have already decided just where
they will hang the Pennant.

* *
% :

There is a rumor on the First Block that
will not down, that a certain man-about-town
did inveigle a well-known ‘‘Rube’’ into a
‘“friendly’” game of dominoes the other day,
with the expectation of finding him an ‘‘easy-
mark’’ but that the ‘‘Rube’’ turned out to
be a Stinging Lizard, and the man-about-
town lost everything but his job, ard is now
on a still hunt for revenge.

. * . E
The Ginger-cakes of the E. S. P.

Are as manna to my soul:

Sometimes I fear they’ll lure me back,

Should I go out on  Parole.

The war-bread is a grievous thing;

The soup full oft they burn,

It’s the Ginger-bakes of the E. S. P,

For which my soul doth yearn.
The Ginger-cakes of tte E. S. P.

They comfort me a lot;

At first T rebelled against my fate

But now I mind it not;

The pies that mother used to bake,

Are now but memories;

It’s the Ginger-cakes of the E.S. P.

—Have you an extra, please?

)
