---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_062.jpg
---
2

"THE UMPIRE

F‘
F

THE UMPIRE

ﬁ
Printed at the Eastern State Pénitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communicationg from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, April 10, 1918.
:.=______———————————-———_._—-————-—-—‘
““No true man is ever much the worse for
the trials which Providence may visit him.”’
ﬁ—::

THE WILL TO KEEP MOVING

Not long ago a prominent social worker
addressed the inmates of a penal institution
" in another state, giving his experience with
a considerable number of men who had run
counter to the law, saying that there were
altogether too many persons- who had an
idea that ‘‘after they had committed an of-
fence of some kind, all they had to do was to
holler for someone else to come and get them
out of their difficulty.”” How they came to
imbibe such a notion seemed a puzzle to the
speaker. Then he started in to illustrate the
necessity of.self-control and personal effort
as the essential factors necessary for any
well planned accomplishment.

““Take notice,”’ said he,
your own efforts will ever advance you per-
manently in any sphere. A man is never

taken from the ranks and placed in a position

of importance and power by sheer force.”’
You have got to make the effort yourself if
you succeed in handling any place of impor-
tance before others will begin to take notice
of you.

Initiative, as you know, is not confined to
age, creed, class or calling; every one who
uses the inherent instinet within him, aided
by genuine sincerity of purpose, and is will-
ing to apply himself, can make a showing
that is bound to attract the attention of
some one higher up the scale, and when this
comes about, you will begin to get the at-
tention you merit. But note that you have
got to make the start yourself.

There is no set rule whereby a man can
travel the royal road to victory, and there is
no need of comparison in the ways of ad-
vancement. Just how leng you should keep
everlastingly at it is a matter no one can ad-
vise, but you must develop the very best
that is in you in order to expect satisfactory
results from your work. A famous general
was once asked how long a soldier’s legs
should be in order to get over the ground
well?. His reply was, ‘‘Length of leg is not
as important as the will to keep moving.”’
And so it must be with our efforts to reach

‘“nothing save

an objective point. We must have the will
to keep going until we reach the goal of our
desire.

MEN OVER FORTY AMONG BRAVEST
IN FRENCH ARMY

A correspondent writing from army head-
quarters somewhere in France, calls atten-
tion to the splendid showing -made by men
past forty on the firing line. He says when
it comes to heroism, ‘‘there is no question of
being ‘to old at forty’ in the French army.
This has been demonstrated time and again
among the veteran regiments of the terri-
torial army of France—the Second Reserve,
the youngest of whose men when they were
called to the colors in Alugust, 1914, had at-
tained the age of 34, while the remainder
ranged between that age and 41. Many of~
them, especially among the younger classes
have since been transferred at their own re-
quest into the ranks of the active army, thus
making the average age of these regiments
much higher, while three years has been
added to the age of all the men since they
first put on their uniforms at their country’s
call to arms.

““These territorial regiments, like our old-
er comrades of the territorial army reserve—
the third line—were not at the beginning of
hostilities expected to go into the firing line
with the younger soldiers of the active army
and its first reserve. Since that time many
things have changed and they have fought
shoulder to shoulder with more youthful
comrades and have proved themselves still
to possess sterling value as warriors.

““The record of some of these regiments,
entirely composed of men from Brittany,
will serve to demonstrate how great is the
part these soldiers of mature age have taken
in the task of repelling the invader, in spite

- of the natural supposition that they had

passed the period of enthusiasm for deeds of
valor.

““This regiment was mobilized together
with the rest of the French forceson August
2, 1914. When the troops of the active army
left to meet the invading Germans crossing
neutral Belgium, this Breton territorial regi-
ment was sent from its depots at Rennes and
Saint-Malo to organize a garrison and pos-
sibly defend vne of the sections of the en-
trenched camp encircling Paris. Four
months it spent there digging trenches, fix-
ing barbed wire entanglements, erecting gun
emplacements and doing all the ardous labor
connected with the establishment of strong
military works.

““When the Germans had been driven back
in the battle of the Marne they were placed
in charge of a front line sector to the north-
east of Rheims. Here they stayed . for
twenty-eight months, constantly harassed
by the enemy while they dug a great system
of trenches, both of defense and commun-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

~ Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison

Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.
General services are held on the various

Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the first Thursday at 2.00 P. M., and the
third Thursday at 9.30 A. M. and 2.00 P. M.
of every month. ;

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. ;

ication, built blockhouses and concrete ma-
chine-gun positions, excavated rifle and gre-
nade pitsand generally organized the position.

““The greatest test of the soldierly qual-
ities of these tough old warriors came when
they were transferred to Auberive in March
this year. They were attached to the
famous fighting Foreign Legion and their
duty was to do the pick and spade work aud
keep the legionaries supplied with ammun-
ition and food during the French offensive,
which began on April 17, and at the same
time to hold a line of trenches. When the
Legion went forward on its victorious attack
the Breton territorials were ordered to follow
them up and extend the communication tren-
ches and tracks across the conquered terri-
tory. They were not content with simply
doing this very perilious work always under
fire. They also took part by the side of the
legionaries in the capture of Auberive, and
a section of territorial grenadiers played a
glorivus role in the reduction of the small
field fort of Vaudesincourt.

““Meeting a couple of these Bretons coming
back with a batch of German prisoners, a
French staff officer inquired of them where
they had taken the captives and where they
going, and received only a broad smile in
reply. He was astonished at this apparent
lack of discipline and was about to remon-
strate when a German prisoner stepped for-
ward ana said: ‘“‘Excuse me, sir,; but these
men do not speak French. [hey are Bret-
ons.”” He gave the officer the information
asked for and the convoy marched on.”’

AN AERIAL PROBLEM

If a bomb be dropped from an airplane 10, -
000 feet up, says a writer, and traveling at
a speed of 100 miles an hour, it reaches the
ground a considerable distance ahead of the
point at which it was released, and the diffi-
culty of judging how to hit a particular build-
ing is enormous. A machine invented to as-
sist the raiders has been found on a captured
Gotha. The main feature is a telescope hung
on gimbals and pointing through the floor of
the bomber’s compartment. In connection
with this is a form of spirit level whichbrings
