---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_063.jpg
---
.

THE UMPIRE

|

< | 3
———_——_—_EMM_

a bubble into the centre of a glass disc when
the telescope is vertical, so that the bomber
knows when it is in the position that can be
trusted. Below the telescope is a prism, so
that the image seen is not an object directly
underneath, but at any desired distance
ahead, according to the angle at which it is
set. For instance, if the airplane is 10,000
feet up, and the speed is such that the bomb
must be released half a mile from the object,
the prism has to set at an angle of fifteen de-
grées. Even then the calculation is liable to
error, because the density of differant layers
of air may vary.

AVIATORS STUDY BIRDS

Deépite the strenuous and engrossing char-

“acter of their occupation, a few aviators

bave found opportunity to note the height of
flight of various migrating birds. Thus from
French soldiers of tke air, it is learned that
swallows have been observed to maintain an

.average altitude of 700 yards and wild ducks

one of 1,800 yards, while green plover have
been seen at a height of 2,150 yards. Inci-
dentally it may be mentioned that the ducks

were moving at a speed of sixty-five and a

half miles an hour when flying upward and
sixty-nine miles an hour when flying horizon-
tally. From another aviator it is learned
that when he was flying at 9,500 feet he saw
swallows high above him. And another,
whose observations were made at a height of
6,0)) feet during a heavy bombardment, with
anti-aircraft shells bursting in all directions,
states that he observed 200 golden plover,

parhaps driven higher than usual by the fact

that the vicinity was ‘‘an unpleasant belt to
cross.”’

EATING A DURIAN

On my second day’s stay in Malaysia my
appetite was nearly spoiled by an attempt
to eat a durian, says a writer. Eating a
durian, or, as in my case, essaying to do so,
is an experience not soon lost to memory.
Its achievement must be productive of a no-
ticeable growth of ego. I often think how
I should enjoy being able casually to boast,
““T have eaten durians in the east,’’or‘‘this

. tastes as good as a durian.’”” The durian has

a powerful personality. It is large and
green, not unlike a breadfruit, and it is cov-
ered with unpleasant spikes. But these, I
am told, are no deterrent to the man or
beast who has once acquired the durian habit
—th, by complete suppression or mortifica-
tion of the organs of smell, has suceeded in
swallowing even a section of the fruit. It
grows on tall trees, and natives sit for days
‘waiting for a ripening durian to drop.
White children, once immune, prefer it to
all other fruit; tigers will appoach close to
‘Malay villages, risking their lives to vary
their carnivorous diet with a mouthful of du-
rian. ; :

THE RED CROSS

Out where the line of battle cleaves
The horizon of woe,
And sightless warriors clutch the leaves,
The Red Croos nurses go.
In where the cots of agony
Mark death’s unmeasured tide—
Bear up the battle’s harvestry—
The Red Cross nurses glide.

Look! Where the hell of steel has torn
Its way through slumbering earth,

The orphaned urchins kneel, forlorn,
And wander at their birth

Until, about them, calm and wise,
With smile and guiding hand,

God looking through their gentle eyes,
The Red Cross nurses stand.

Here, in our sheltered homes we sit,
Remote from war’s red sweep,
Doing half-heartedly our bit,
Sleeping our painless sleep. :
See! Where the Red Cross flag’s unrolled
With red, and white, and blue;
Let us pour out our treasured gold
To guide the Red Cross true.
—Thomas L. Masson.

A MOST MYSTERIOUS RACE

Writing from Luzon, a traveler says that
high upon the slopes of Mount Mariveles in
the Philippine Islands dwell the lastremnants
of an ancient and most mysterious race—the
Negritos, or ‘‘little negroes.’”” Scientists
differ hopelessly as to their origin and his-
tory, but the traveler who is fortunate
enough to penetrate into their carefully hid-

den villages finds the quaint little people ex--

tremely interesting.

Though disinclined to work, the Negrito is
indefatigable in the chase. He will hunt all
day without eating anything but the mango
or banana that he may seize as he rushes
by. If dogs are scarce for any reason, wom-
en are pressed into service, and these go
loping through the bush, yelping in imitation
of the canines for which they are substituted.

Sometimes a beater will emerge from the
brush carrying a pig he has encountered and
killed, or, more important still, bringing
news of the sighting of a python. In this
case the whole hunt is called in. and its en-
ergies directed to the capture of the big snake
which, when killed, is ecarried in triumphaj
procession to the village, where it furnishes
a feast for all who can be gathered together
for the great occasion.

THE SIZE OF RUSSIA

A well known authority says that Russia
is about twenty times larger than Germany
and France put together, having an area of
8,505,000 square miles, and is larger than all
of North America. The poyulaticn  of
Russia is supposed to number about 165,000, -
000, fully 100,000,000 more than that of Ger-
many before the war.

\

DEVELOPMENT OF THE WHEEL

According to history the Egyptians are ac-
credited the honor of first developing the
wheel. With their tremendous job of build-
ing the Pyramids it is natural that they
should be the first to inventskids and rollers.
Then some genius found a way of attaching
the rollers to the skids or platform and the
first truck was born. Then came another
genius who found a way of making wheels
out of slices of tree trunks and of fastening
these wheels solid to the axle, so that the
wheels and axle turned together. The next
step was to make the wheels loose on the
axle, and this enabled the crude vehicle to
turn corners. ;

The two-wheeled chariot, of which there
is a record thousands of years before Christ,
was among the first passenger vehicles.
That it had spokes is proved in Homer’s
Iliad— ‘‘Eight brazen spokes, the felloes
were of gold secured with brazen tires all
around, admirable to the sight.”’

With the fall of Rome the wheel failed to
develop for some hundreds of years. Then
suddenly at the begining of the Seventeenth
Century, both in England and on the Con-
tinent, many new types of vehicles, wagons
and coaches began to appear. Oak was used
as the spokes for the first wooden wheels.
Elm was used for the hub, and an Englishman
writes admirably of the early American
buggy: ‘‘The four wheels were made so
slender as to resemble a spider’s web.”’

"HOW TO BE A THOROUGHBRED

I believe in work. For discontent and
labor are not often companions.

I believe in leisure and in play. For nei-
ther mental nor physical development is
possible without them.

I believe in thrift. For to store up a
little regularly is to store up character as
well. :

I believe in simple living.  For simplicity
means health and health means happiness.

I believe in loyalty. For if I am not true
to others I cannot be true to myself.

I believe in a cheerful countenance. For a
sour face is the sign of a grouch.

I believe in holding up my chin. For self-
respect commands respect from others.

I believe in keeping up my courage. For
troubles flee before a brave front.

I believe in bracing up my brother. For

an encouraging word may save the day for
him.

I believe in living up to the best that is in
me. For to lower the standard is to give up
the fight.

These beliefs I shall keep always with me, °
and I shall strive to'live up to them. For to
do so is to be a thoroughbred.

—The Hudsonian.

The first way to get ahead is to look behind.
