---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_064.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

As there was no meeting of the Board of
Delegates during the last week, the busi-
ness is, naturally, mostly of a financial nature.
Receipts of the Club in that period were ap-
proximately as follows: from Circulating
Library, $14.00; from sales, $5.25; commissions
$0.90. Expenditures: paid to B 7648, for
painting satin peices, $6.00; to Pres. R
McKenty for paying fares of Minstrel Troupe,
$2.00; to B 6567 for 11 scarf pins to fill order,
$2.25; to B 5845 for making Delegates caps,
$0.80; loan to B 7957, $2.00; magazine sub-
scriptions, $6,00.

The Second Section had a very pleasant
surprise on Saturday afternoon, when they
came out expecting to find only Mr. Kraupa
and Moving pictures—which was pleasant
prospect enough—and withal, ‘found in the
course of the afternoon, that Miss Russell
was on the job, as usual, and had provided a
most excellent vaudeville bill for our fur-
ther delight. Both Miss Russell and Mr.
Kraupa made little speeches, endeavoring to
explain this; each blaming the other for the
happy consummation; but they only succeeded
in convincing us that we had two very good
_friends, indeed, and as modest as they are
generous. -

In the short interval that elapsed before
Mr. Kraupa’s coming; and after the Band
had regaled us with a fine musical number,
torn off in Professor Weigandt’s best man-
ner; B 8679 and B 8410 were induced to give
the.audience an exhibition of their skill in
the dance; and their efforts were so success-
ful in reminding us of those dear old cabaret
days, as to cause us to involuntarily look
around for a waiter. The picture of the after-
noon was a Triangle Film entitled, Madam
Bo-Peep, and it was fine, arousing the au-
dience to moments of wild enthusiasm as it
neared its close. Mr. Kraupa has our taste
in the matter of pictures gauged to a nicety,
always giving us what we like; a mixture of
high-society, so we can see how the other
Half is supposed to live, and grumble there-
at; and real Wild West, so that we can all be
boys again at heart. Saturday’s presentation
was just the right mixture.

Miss Angellotti gave us the second pleasing
surprise of the day, by being present, and
playing for the performers; relieving Jimmy
our local ‘‘Music Master,’”” at the piano,
where he has performed so well during the
winter.

Mr. Bradley, comedian, opened the show
very acceplably with song and dance. His
topical song, relating the adventures of one
“Bill Jones,’’-and his ‘‘Li’l ol’ Ford,”” was
very funny, and pleased the audience much.
He closed with a patriotic number, ‘“What
Will We Do With Him, Boys?’’ which leads us
to suggest that we haven’t got him—yet.
The discerning reader will of course under-
stand that the ‘‘him’’ referred to is—Kaiser

Bill, whom all good citizens hope to catch
and whom all bad citizens dream of.

Miss Lillian Hale, the Girl from Dublin—
personal direction of Miss Russell—was then
good enough to yield to Miss Russell’s urging,
and sing us an Irish song or two, and quite
captured the hearts of her audience by her
singing of ‘“What else would you expect from
a man named McCarty,’’ and others of like

‘ilk. We are very much in Miss Hale’s debt

for the pleasure given us. .
Mr. DeCano, and his trained dog Cora
coming next on the program, made the “hits
of the afternoon. To say Cora was well-
trained is to put it mildly, she seemed pos-
sessed of a real intelligence, and Mr. DeCano
is to be envied the possession of so valuable a
“‘meal-ticket,’”’ as he fondly named her. We
feel sure that Cora was a better mathema-
tician than many members of her audience,
and for patriotism, she stands at the head of
her class, hating the very name of Germany,
as was proven to the entire satisfaction of
the audience, when Mr. DeCano mentioned it
in her hearing. We all hope Cora—and of
course, her Master—will do us the favor of
appearing again at some future day.

Baby Edna, the Infant Prodigy, foilowed,
and made a very charming picture, in such
style of dress as our grandmothers wore, as
she sang her first number, ‘The Land of
Long Ago.”’” Of her other songs, perhaps
“‘Homeward Bound’> was most appreciated
by her hearers. Little Miss Edna, we tender
to you the thanks of all, and with them our
very best wishes for your success, and hap-

piness.
Mr. Proto, Violinist, closed the afternoon’s

bill with a musical number, which was very

well liked. His rendition of ‘“There’s a Long, -

Long Trail,’”” and bis closing number, aspirited
rendition of ‘‘Over There’’ were loudly ap-
plauded. We are glad Miss Russell refused
to ‘‘come across’’ with that two dollars, and
so kept him in the city to play for us.

—B 8266, Secretary.

LET’S ALL BE AMERICANS NOW

News despatches tell us that Pershing’s
Boys are ‘‘going in;’’ are opposing their
efforts; giving their lives to stem the gray
tide flooding toward Paris, and which threat-
ens to overwhelm the world; and we rebel at
the thought that we must stand on the side-
lines, watching in price, and sorrow and a
real envy, while friend, or relative make the
last supreme sacriflce. Such sacrifice as
we would gladly make, had we not long ago
forfeited the right, and can only ask that we
be allowed the privilege of offering our lives
upon the altar of our country.

We can, as yet, do little that will be of ma-
terial assistance; can but make such contri-
bution as our small means will allow; regard
as a veritable labor of love, the little tasks
assigned us; and never cease our knoccking at
the door of opportunity; but we can,at least,
all be Americans, in all that the name im-

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column. -

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (%)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ' A%

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable priceé
and work guaranteed.

month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5086, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.

and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.
FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-

ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

hand bags in many different colors. Price
$1.00.. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery. ;
FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
AH, va’orilf gﬁuaranteed. B 8016, 9th Blecck.
FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock. .

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to orcer by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.
LOST—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Gal.
FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms
reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.

POEMS and short stories grammatically cor-
rected and punctuated. Appropriate charges.
B 7871, 12-2nd Gallery. : :
TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see
my samy les. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,
FOR SALE—Ladies’ bags; new style. Cheap.
A]so have arladire’s guitar. B 5449, 1 Block.
PUT YOUR order in now for Mother’s Day
post cards. Painted on white satin, 15¢ each.
No orders taken after May 6th.

plies. Americans, in cheerful acceptance of
the little sacrifices that we must make; Am-
ericans, in facing the inevitably increasing
hardships of our lot, without whine, or mur-
mur. Let’s all be Americans now!

_ ; B 7695, 6th Gallery.
'TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per

B 7648, 7G. -

