---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_065.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, April 17, 1918

- NO. 16

E. S. P. LEAGUE OPENS BASEBALL
SEASON; BAND CONCERT AND PARADE

Enthuéiastic Opening of 1918 Season Ushered In by Music and

Parade—Indications Point to Banner Year for League—

Wealth of New Material Seen in the Line-ups

The official opening of the E. S. P. League
took place on Monday afternoon amid elabo-
rate ceremonies. To the strains of our
famous band, headed by Professor Weigandt,
the members of the four teams comprising
the League, paraded around the entire Insti-
tution and finally came to a halt'on their re-
spective battlefields, whare the first game of
the season was fought to a finish.

A member of the Board of Inspectors of
this Institution, Mr. I. J. Horstmann, tossed
the first ball over the plate on the Store-
house grounds, while Mr. Lafferty, aunother
member of the Board, performed the same
feat at the Garage grounds, and the games
were on. Although slightly hampered by a
lack of material, owing to the *‘War,”” it is
the belief of many that this season will see
many a hard fought game in the E. S. P.
League. Several of the old players have
been ‘‘farmed out’’ and others were taken in
the draft, but the wealth of new material
that has arrived during the winter months
may offset this condition and it is the belief
of the writer that this year will see four
strong teams on the diamond. *‘Chick,’” the
hustling manager of the Cub’s has quite a
healthy looking aggregation and their play-
ing on Monday gave signs of a promising
ball team. The retired bead merchant, Bar-
rington, who has taken over the Athletics
for the 1918 season, seems to be a little weak
on his pitching staff, but he claims to have
several good men under observation and will
spring a surprise on the League in the near
future. Both the Printers and the Ninth
have some very classy ball players on their
roster but it is a little early in the season to
make any predictions as to how they will
shape up with the advent of real hot weather.

Now that the ball season is on it behooves
each and every man, player or fan, to con-
duct himself in the proper manner while in
attendance at the games. If the decisions
of the “Ump’’ don’t suit you, just bite your
lip and think it, don’t yell it, as that would
only make matters more difficult and in the
end you will gain nothing by it. The Pres.

of the League will be found on either one of
the two grounds, so if you have a kick com-
ing, register it with Jake, that’s what he
gets his salary for.

The following is the correct account of the
initial games as seen through the eyes of
EScoopia

Several cleverly executed plays figured in
the game at the Storehouse between the
Cubs and the Ninth, which ended with the
Ninth as the victor. The pitching of Harvey
for the Ninth was a feature of the game and
to him is due a great deal of credit for the
final result, as the Ninth team is somewhat
lacking in heavy hitters.

Chick had quite a number of rooters in the
crowd and they did their best to pull the
Cubs out of a tight hole on several ocecasions
but the pitching of Harvey proved a barrier
to all their efforts.

The score by innings was as follows—:
: 1%, I8l E.
Ninth 2:08320° 080 x5 5 1
Cubs OIS ORI =t 5 i

The game at the Garage grounds between
the Athletics and the Printers was little less
than a burlesque on baseball, as the Athletics
made a very poor showing for their initial
game of the season. Although their outfield
played excellent ball the A’s could not see
the horsehide when they went to bat and as
a result the game ended without their having
scored a run. It was a complete whitewash
by the Printers and the rest of teams will
certainly have to keep their eyes open when
the knights of the ‘‘type and ink’’ are around
as they appear to have a fast baseball ag-
gregation in the Printing Office. B 7387
pitched the first half of the game for the
Printers and the A’s had but one hit off him
and fared little better off che delivery of B.

8810 who finished the game.

Charlije pitcted for the A’s and was hit
frequently. The score by innings was as
follows.

R H. E
Printers A= ORAROEOS251 () 10 U
Athletics OROE0R0S08 () & 0

“BILLY” McKENTY
QUITS THE PHILLIES

Trades His Bat for a Gun and Will
Shoot-em at the Kaiser

Although he has hud several fine offers to
play in the big show, Bill McKenty who first
started baseball heaving them up for the old
Ninth Block team, has decided to quit the
skinned diamond for the steel deck of a
dreadnaught and shoot-em at Kaiser Bill,
instead of over the plate.

“‘Bill”’ as he is better known in the E.S.P.
League, went south with the Phillies on
their spring training trip and was to have
been seasoned with a year in the Minor
Leagues, but he decided hé would be of
more use in the Navy than on a ballfield and
has shaped his career accordingly. He also
received several glittering offers from the
““A’s’’ and the Strawbridge team, but all
their promise of gold and glory could not
tempt Bill from helping his ‘“Uncle Sammy’’
in his hour of need.

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

Chaplain Welch’s Bible School held -its
regular meeting on Wednesday afternoon
April 10. After recitation of the Lord’s
prayer, a talk from our Chaplain, respon-
sive reading of the days lesson by Mr. Dip-
ple, a lady visitor, Mrs. Thomas Barnly, en-
tertained by singing two selections. The
speaker for the afterncon was Rev. Dr.
William Kuhn, a traveling Baptist preacher.
Dr. Kuhn’s remarks were up to the minute,
and the rapt attention he received was a
guarantee that all who heard him appreciated
his visit. Prof. A. F. Weigandt was with us
and assisted at the choir with the cornet.
Mr. Geo. W. Sanville of the Rodheaver Co.,
was with us again, as was also our good
friend Mrs. Frank Dipple.

—B 7291.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Releases during Week ending April 13, 16
Arrivals &t 2 T
Population, Saturday, April, 13th, 1420

(X3

The following Inmates have purchased
Bonds of the Third Liberty Lioan, through the
Honor and Friendship Club, B 8101,8361, 7881,
7725,5283,7255, to a total of $850.00. Bully! as
T.R. would say; and a few othersthrough the
Chaplain, who will be listed in fullnext week.
