---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_066.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

—_——————_—__——————
_—_________—_—-————'—————_—

THE UMPIRE

M
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-

ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. i

Philadelphia, April 17, 1918.

HELP WANTED

It is the wish of Ye Editor, that THE UM-
PIRE should have something more of a local
flavor; and perhaps gain in interest, if not in
circulation, thereby. To that end we would
ask that anyone in possession of a really
juicy bit of news, to whisper the same to us
in strictest confidence, and so get a free
subscription. Nothing is barred but scandal.

WHAT OF THE HOUR

An hour has been lost out of our lives, not
to be regained, if ever, until next October,
and just where has it gone? We have almost
addled our poor brains trying to decide, and
must perforce refer the question to our
readers with the hope that some reasonable
answer may be forthcoming.

We’ll now propound the question we’vebeen
saving up to spring at the psychological mo-
ment, as it were, what are you going to do
with that extra hour of daylight? Are you
going to move the alarm ahead a bit, and
rise at the same old hour, even if you have
to forego the pleasure of movning coffee
thereby? Going to turn your face to the
wall, when the key rattles in the lock, and
murmur drowsily, ‘““You can’t fool me, it’s
really only six o’clock, and here goes for a
little more sleep.’’?

Or will you seize the opportunity, and
tumble out of bed at the first streak of
dawn, get in an hours work, or exercise, or
reading, or study, or anything that will tend
to make you the man you sometimes think
you’d like to be? Whether your ambition is
to usurp the place of John D. Rockefeller, or
Charlie Chaplin, Woodrow Wilson, or Kaiser
Bill, that extra hour will help you to the
realization of that ambition, if you will but
grasp it, and hold it fast.

Just take thought what an extra hour a
day for a period of some seven months
means, moie than two hundred hours in all.
In that length of time you could, even if of
only average intelligence, learn to run an
automobile, or a lawn mower, a TrustComp-
any, or a Quick-lunch Restaurant, learn any-
thing from the A. B. C’s to Mozart’s Twelfth
Mass, read five volumes of the Encyclopedia
Britannica through from cover to cover, and

all the Cook Books that are in print. Why,
in that length of time, you could almost find
out what the war’s about, and whostartedit.

In our humble opinion, the man whodoesn’t
use that extra hour to good advantage is
neglecting a great opportunity, and deserves
all the war-bread he is getting.

HONOR SYSTEM MAKES GOOD

A brief recently prepared for the Governor
and the State Highway Commission of Mis-
souri, preparatory to opening up road work
by prisoners in that state, shows thal the
honor system as applied in the ten states
named, has been a success, despite the oppo-
sition of reactionaries:

Kansas: Honor camp of 25 to 30 men main-
tained for two years with but one escape dur-
ing that time.

Oklahoma: Seven honor camps of 25 men
each, in different parts of the state, estab-
lished for over two years. Both long term
and short term men are used; average of es-
capes less than three per cent.

Illinois: During the past four years this
state has maintained five honor road camps
of from 25 to 50 men each, with no escapes.

Colorado: Honor system is used exclusively
in working 150 prisoners in five road camps:
some of the camps are 300 miles away from
the prison; percentage of escapes for bien-
nial period is less than two per cent; 145 miles
of road have been constructed in two years
at a saving to the state of $465,000.

Arizona: Fifty prisoners maintained in
camp under the honor system. Saved the
state more than $30,000 on road construction
in one year.

Massachusetts: Sixty prisoners areemployed
in road building under the honor system,
with no escapes since the system wasinaugu-
rated.

Montana: The honor system is used exclu-

‘sively in working 250 men on roads, with

average of escapes less than three per cent.

West Virginia: The honor system has been
used successfully for four years in road camps.
Statisties for past year shows a saving of 25
per cent. over work done by contract inother
counties. '

Wisconsin: Only two escapes within two
years under the honor system, with 235 men
employed in road construction.

Texas: Honor camp of 40 men was main-
tained for two years, with only two escapes
in that time; 30 miles of road were constructed.

Oregon, Washington and New York arenot
included in the list up for inspection, and all
three of these states make just as good show-
ing as any of the others. 1f success is meas-
ured only in percentage of escapes, then it
can be said without possible contradiction
that the honor system is a wonderful success.

More than 100 prisoners work outside our
walls every day in the year (no gun guards)
and during flax harvest there are barely
enough men left inside to carry on the work

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel A
on the first Thursday at 2.00 P. M., and the
third Thursday at 9.80 A. M. and 2.00 P. M.
of every month. ,

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

necessary, kitchen, laundry ete. Of course
there is an occasional escape but as a rule
they are soon returned, especially if they
commit more crime. If they continue in the
straight and narrow, there is no great loss if

they never come back.
—Lend-A-Hand.

WAR GARDENS

Speaking of war gardens, they are every-
where, and there are rumors which ‘will not
down, that a certain enterprising Inmate,
has asked the Warden for the use of the
cellars for the growing of mushrooms, and
another of equal enterprise is investigating
the edibility of water-lily bulbs, with the
hope of utilizing the fountain. Inmates are
seen hanging parlously from all the eaves,
plotting and planning the location of another
cucumber bed, or trying to find space for an
egg-plant which we personally think prefer-
able to a munition-plant.

Men are handling a spade, who certainly
never dug before, and the clean smell of new
delved earth is ever in our nostrils, while the
question is ever in our ears, ‘““Would you
plant Early Rose, or French Fried Potatoes,
and how many? and Corn, which do you
think the best, White Dent, or Jockey Club,
and why?

The amateurs of last year, are the profes-
sionals of this, and of all men are the most
sought after, for theirs is the wisdom of ex-
perience, and they are listened to with defer-
ence; and to see one of them ‘‘shoot the sun’’
consult the Almanac to see if the mocn isinthe
right quarter, and then, with an air of ab-
solute confidence that would make the Kaiser
writhe with envy, deposit one small defence-
less seed in the gaping earth, generally
draws a large, and interested audience,

But we say, more power to their arm,
every little bit helps, even the poor little
pickle that never reaches maturity, and if
by raising a few vegetables we can save a
few pounds of our sorely needed wheat, for
those who hold the Fighting Line, then let us
use every available inch of ground, and
despise not blisters and sun-burn, but be
happy in the conciousness that we are doing
our ‘‘bit’’ for Democracy, and Freedom.
