---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_067.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

*‘——————-__—m

SEEN THROUGH A PERISCOPE

The members of the Red Cross Auxiliary
have organized a base-ball team, and while
not members of the League, they have a
mighty strong aggregation and are willing
to accept games with any baseball nine
that comes their way. Here’s a chance for
the Washhouse.

War gardens are in abundance about the
Institution and every fellow that has a few
square feet of ground at his disposal isplant-
ing some brand of edibles. The spirit is fine
fellows, but don’t let it wane under the rays
of a torrid sun, as a number were inclined
to do during the summer of last year.

Work will be started in the near future on
the installment of a large wagon scale in
front of the Storehouse. The contract has
been let and the work will be completed by
“‘home talent.”” We trust that our friend
the Storekeeper will hurry the project along
and not hold up our ball games any longer
than is absolutely necessary.

Postcards received from Frank Tees,; who
in company with Frank Tucker, former em-
ployees of this Institution, but now with the
Ambulance-Corps, ‘‘Somewhere in France,”’
state that they are both well and enjoying
life in the Army. Both of these fellows have
a host of friends who will be pleased to learn
of their doing’s ‘‘Over There.”’

“Jimmie’’ Johnson, the genial clerk in the
front office, and who recently closed his desk
to exchange his pen for a gun, is now sta-
tioned at Camp Meade, Md., and writes that
he enjoys life in the Army. If ‘‘Jimmie”
can send leaden pellets over ‘‘No Man’s
Land’’ as fast as he could send his fingers
over the typewriter, we feel mighty sorry
for the enemy.

Capt. Vincent A. Carroll, of the 304th.
Ammunition Train, stationed at Camp Meade
Md., was pumbered among our visitors during
the p.ast week, and shook hands with a num-
ber of his old clients. Capt. Carroll, will be
remembered as a well-known member of the
Philadelphia Bar, who recently embarked
upon the Holy sea of matrimony, and the
best wishes of all the boys go with him to his
duty ‘‘Over There.”

Everywhere about the Institution one will
see signs of spring housecleaning. Blocks
and Galleries are busily engaged in the art
of whitewashing. The Warden’s office is
undergoing a thorough renovation and is be-
ing repainted. Even the league baseball that
reposes on the mantlepiece received a new
coat of gilt and its casing a coat of white
lead. “‘Bill,”’ the smiling janitor of the
Parole department has donned his dusting
cap and is busily engaged in cleaning out the
archives of that department. —B 7387.

THE WALL

There’s such a tiny bit of blue,
Within the wall;

The sunbeam that comes stealing thru,
Is oh! so small.

A bird that flutters swiftly by,

A wind that passes like a sigh,

A cloudlet sailing, slow and high,
Without the wall.

Without, there’s odors of the Spring,
White lilies tall;

And violet, and arbutus bring
Their treasures all;

To scatter them with lavish hand,

By woodland way, and river strand;

It is a green, and smiling land,
Without the wall.

The autumn rains, the winter snows,
Unheeded fall;

But when the South wind wakes the Rose,
What voices call?

The white roads winding o’er the lea;

The white sails fading out to sea;

The far, blue hills are calling me,
Without the wall.

Ah! would that it were but a dream,
And that were all.

To ’waken in the morning gleam,
Without the wall.

And know the Present all transformed;

The Past, a memory to be mourned;

The Future, as a bride adorned;
Without the wall.

THE RED CROSS NURSE

Amid the cannon’s roaring, in the thickest
of the fight

Where the shrapnel flies like dust, through-
out the star-lit night,
You may see a white-robed figure, as she
slowly wends her way
Among the sick and wounded,
fallen in the fray.

Among’st the Nation’s heroes, she hassurely
won her place

For her bravery on the battle-field, where
she met death face to face,

And when life’s toil is over, and she is called
to her reward

Her’s will be the greatest, that the God’s
shall ere award.

Upon the banks of the Oise, that slaughter
house of death

Where many a gallant hero, lies gasping for
his breath,

You will find her seeking,
wounded everywhere

As she stills the cries of anguish, that pierce
through the air.

And when the strife is over, and Freedom’s
cause is won

And the golden rays of peace, shine down
from God’s bright sun,

We shall bow our heads in reverence, and
sweet homage will be done

For the silent white-robed figure, who died,
for the man behind the gun.

—B 7387.

that have

aiding, the

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Laff every time U pheel tickled, and laff

once in A while enyhow.—Josh Billings.
AR

If practice makes perfect, we know a lot
of ball-players here who will soon be eligible
for Ty Cobb’s job.

* o %

Foolish Question No. 1—Why does the man
who makes the loudest roar about taking his
“‘medicine,’” always come back for a second
Ejolt??

% > *

The scarcity of wheat-flour and sugar
promises to have at least one good result: it
will force a reduction in the size and quan-
tity of the pills.

% *
%

If Food Saving is to win the war, then it’s
already won so far as we’re concerned; for
we’ve saved enough food in the last few
weeks, by not eating war bread, to provision
Belgium.

* o £

The oyster season will soon be over, but
we should worry; we quit eating the succu-
lent bivalve some two seasons ago, and ex-
pect to be just as abstemious for some time
in the future.

* e *
Lady—(to bank clerk) ‘I wish to get a
Liberty Bond for my husband.”’
Clerk—‘“What size, please?’” :
Lady—‘‘Why, I don’t believe I know, exact-
ly, but he wears a fifteen shirt.”’

* *
%

There is a rumor, as yet unconfirmed, that
““Curly’’ is planning the erection of a monu-
ment to his dead hopes in back of the 11th
Block, and that the concrete ‘‘doo-funny’’ is
the base thereof. But we think this to be a
base (!) calumny.

* % &

Query—If a man is playing pinochle, and
is presented with a kand totaling 150 trumps,
and 100 aces, should he, or should he not, bid
357 And how should he be sure of making it.
A really serviceable reply to these queries
is anxiously awaited on the Center.

sk %
£ 3
‘‘Stone walls do not a prison make,
Nor iron bars a cage.’’
And every time we read these lines,
We writhe with noble rage;
For Lovelace, when he wrote them,
Made the mistake of his age.
sk ES

The old story of the returning miner who
ordered twenty dollars worth of ham and
eggs for his first meal in civilization, is likely
to be outdone should ‘“Pete’’ win that pardon.
We have a clear vision of what’s going to
happen to the restaurant he favors with his
first patronage; it’s going to suspend publi-
cation, while the proprietor figures out his
net loss on a fifty-cent meal.
