---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_068.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meeting of April 9th, the
following ex-members were reinstated B 6771,
5310, new members: B 7064, 9125, 9112;
9114, 9122, 9111, 9105, 9113, 9108, 9104, 9110,
6936, 9102, 9109, 9101, 9107, 9106, 9120, 9126,
9116, 9119, 9115, 9118, 9117, 9121, 6924, T064—
15¢, 9125—50¢, 9112—25¢;

Treasurer’s Report showed a Balance of
$130.78 in Treasury on March 3lst. B 7784
new Delegate from 5th Gallery presented to
the Board of Delegates by the Chairman,
and appropriately welcomed.

Expenditures for week ending April, 13th,
Magazine Subscriptions, $19.65. to John Wan-
amaker for Two Sets of Quoits,and Pencils,
$5.55. Loan to B 7626, Receipts, Donations
$1.05; Sales $1.00; Circulating Library re-
ceipts $6.25.

Now that the Season of shows has ended,
and the Yard will be the habitat of the Club
of a Saturday afternoon for the next few
months, it behooves the members to be get-
ting in readiness for such Outings. Let the
Blocks and Galleries owning Flags, Banners,
Gonfalons, ete., duly laundered, and fur-
bished up, that they may notinsult the breeze,
as they proudly wave therein; and the mem-
bers, personally, should do a few simple leg
exercises to strengthen them for those few
laps about the Institution; and there is anun-
confirmed rumor that the First Block has
been observed secretly drilling by moonlight,
with the intent of carrying off first marching
honors this year as last.

It is your cue when the bugle blows to
fall in line at positions marked by your
Block Number on the wall placards, and
march to your cells in order. The honor of
the Club is in your hands, and it is up to you
to strenghten it, or weaken it, and we hope
that you will choose to do the first.

To the First Section fell the honor of at-
tending the last Show of the Season, and
verily, it was some show. Mr. Kraupa had
a War Picture, entitled ‘‘The Paws of The
Bear,’’ which aroused the enthusiasm of the
audience to a fighting pitch, and we don’t
doubt won so potential volunteers for Uncle
Sam; while Miss Russell had apparently
combed the ranks of her Stars for material
wherewith to brighten up an otherwise cheer-
less and depressing day, and before that show
was over the audience had forgotten all
about the return of Winter, and had Spring-
time in their hearts, atleast.

The Franklin Kids opened the bill with an
Act which was really a ‘‘Headliner.”’” ' These
talented children are certainly chips of the
old block, as anyone who has seen Benny
Franklin of Dumont’s Minstrels can testify,
and the smallest Miss Franklin was really a
whole show in her own person, and is the
very incarnate spirit of fun. While her
elder sister was a very excellent performer
and pleased the audience with her singing,

‘the Bill,

THE UMPIRE

it was the little maid who captured all hearts
and whom we were exceedingly loath to see
depart. »

Mr. Riley, Comedian, followed with songs,
and dance, and joking and was excellent in
all lines. May Belle, who seemed possessed
of a positive genius for extracting a high
grade of harmony from the most unlikely
looking instruments. In our opinion she
could have rendered the ‘“Angel’s Serenade’’
on an ordinary door-bell. Her singing of
some ‘‘darky’’ folk-songs, to a banjo accom-
paniment was highly appreciated.

Mr. Oscar Kane, of the Bijou Theater,
was next, and contributed a real novelty to
the Bill; and one popular with the au-
dience. The Hall was darkened, and ap-
propriate Pictures flashed on the Screen,
while Mr. Kane sang ‘‘Over There,”” and
“‘Homeward Bound,’’ the audience joining in
the chorus. ‘‘Over There,”’ the boys didn’t
find a bit difficult, and they sang it with a
vim, but the chorus of ‘‘Homeward Bound’’
wasn’t so easy, and even our President had
trouble with the tune, while ‘‘Pete’’ quit at
the end of the third line, andsang ‘‘la-de-dah’’
from thence onward. We are in Mr. Kane’s
debt for a very pleasing novelty.

Mr. Chas. Leonard, Comedian, returned
to favor us once more with a collection of
side-splitting jokes, and a song or two, and
a recitation. Mr.. Leonard, like olives, im-
proves with acquaintance. The Jones Mu-
sical Family—as Miss Russell announced
them, the whole darn family—Papa, Mamma,
Miss Jones, and the Masters Jones, closed
in a musical ‘‘turn’’ which included
solo, duo, trio, and a grand finale 'in which
all participated. Again it was the youngest
member who appealed most to the favor of
the audience, and the youngest Master Jones
must have been pleased with the enthusiastic
reception accorded his efforts toentertain us.
But, indeed we liked them all, and would
gladly have have heard them longer, had not
Mr. Jones explained that it was imperative
that they catch a train.

At the close of the Vaudeville Bill, Vice-
President A 8432, read from the Stage, a
Resolution of appreciation from the Board of
Governors of the H. F. C. of the work of
Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa, and presented
them in name of the Club, with a Beaded
Hand-Bag, and an Inlaid Humidor, respect-
ively; each returning a few words of thanks,
and an assurance of their continuing sym-
pathy, and service; tho Mr. Kraupa tossed a
orenade into our trenches by announcing that

Miss Russell was thinking sericusly of ac-

cepting an Australian offer. Of course our
loss will be Australia’s gain, but we don’t
love Australia so much as that. Standing
votes of thanks were then tendered to Miss
Russell, Mr. Kraupa, Miss Angellotti, for
her kindness in sacrificing her time to play
for us, and to B 7251 (Jimmy) for doing the

gsame thing; and then with everybody in the

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold Wlll be denied future use
of “Ad’”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. &)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
IBE7386:E3rd Block

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prlces
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar;
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

BOATS Sall boats

50¢c per

made to order. Also
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

dimension.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.
able. B 6523, Tth Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, T5¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE— Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
klnds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

Prices reason-

also

hand bags in many different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12- 1st Gallery.

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50e each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE Fine line of lead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs r #de to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1=t Block.

LOST—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Gal.

FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms
reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.

POEMS and short stories grammatically cor-
rected and punctuated. Appropriate charges.
B 7871, 12-2nd Gallery.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see
mv samples. Exnert worker. B 8936, 1st B,
FOR SALE—TLadies’ bags; new stvle. Cheap.
Also have a ladie’s guitar. R 5449, 1 Block.
PUT YOUR order in now for Mother’s Day
post cards. Painted on white satin, 15c each.
No orders taken after May 6th. B 7648 7G.

best of humors, it wasagreedto callit a Day,
—B 8266, Secretary.
