---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_069.jpg
---
ball,

THE UMPIRE

VOL. V Philadelphia, April 24, 1918 NO. 17
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK and one pretty bad over-throw that: LOCAL NEWS
cost a2 rn SR inte s the 4 th S sttt rame i '
Wednesday’s Games gﬁ?‘;ney B}(llad gu Oﬁ"_giy §0r5h<? p.assedf3 iﬁd Capt. Parker is breaking in a new ‘“Mann’’
n ; It o. ooney pitche 1nnings 10r the jpn hjs Night Watech. Well, here’s luck, Mr.
: Printers vs. Athletics Cubs, striking out 7, walking 3 and allowing Mann. = 5 PanE ol L
The Printers provefi that they are some ,yi¢s  (]d Jim then went in the box in the * *
ball players by shutting out the Athleties, gip 5ng ja5t inning, striking out 1, walking *

to the tune of 13—0 in a four inning game.
Mack pitched for the Printers; striking out
8, walking none, allowing no hits. Charlie
No.2 pitched for the Athletics, striking out
4, walking 6 and allowing 13 hits. Charlie was
hit up for 3 doubles and 10 singles, and he
surely was in poor shape. Feature of the
game was Mack’s pitching and 2 two-base
hits.

R. H. E.
Printers 1480 JRE I ] v
Athletics 000x 0 0 0

Umpire—Jimmy.
Cubs vs. Ninth

In to-days game between the Cubs and the
Ninth, the Cubs turned on the Ninth by a
score of 9-2. Old Jim pitched for the Cubs
striking out 10, walking 1, allowing 5 hits.
B8900 pitched three innings for the Ninth
striking out 1, walking 1, allowing 4 hits.
Harvey then went in the box for the Ninth,
striking out 6, walking 2, and allowing 5 hits.
Feature of game was Pat’s home run and
Chick’s 3 base hits, also Shud’s double play.

R: H. E.
Cubs 311000202 9 9 0
Ninth 01000100x 2 5 2

Umpire—Jacoby.
Friday’s Games

Printers vs. Athletics

Once more the Printers proved victorious
over the Athletics. Itseemed as though they
could hit the ball when and where they wished,
as they reaped 10 hits to the Athletics 3, and
the score was 4-2in the Printers favor. B 8810
pitched for the Printers, striking out 8§,
walking 4 and allowing 3 hits. The Athletics
did some very poor fielding to allow the
Printers to get as many hits. Charlie was
in bad form. He struck out 4, walked none,
but was touched up for 10hits. Only feature
of the game was a two base-hit by Himaulin

in the 3d inning.

15 TR E.
Printers 2 0 a0t 4 10 1
Athletics =008 03 NS 1

Umpire—Jimmy.
Ninth vs. Cubs
To-days game between the Cubs and Ninth
was something of a circus. For the Cubs it
seemed as though they could not see the
and made a couple of errors

1, allowing 1 hit. The Ninth held the Cubs
to but one hit,one run, with two double plays
to their credit, the score of 6-1 being in their
favor. Features of the game were two
double plays, by Clark in 1st inning and Andy
in 2nd inning. )

R. H. E.
Ninth 1= 18153 2020 6 5 0
Cubs 1207080020 1 1 25

Monday’s Games

Printers vs. Ninth

Monday’s Game at Garage Grouuds. The
Game between the Printers and Ninth was
a swat-fest from the start for the Printers,
they amassing 12 hits from Spookie’s deliv-
ery, while Mack who held the mound for
the Printers allowed but 5 hits and compiled
a record of 9 strike-outs, walking two.
Feature of the game was Clark’s unassisted
double-play in the 3d.

\ R. 18k, E.
Printers 10610 8 12 0
Ninth O©I120 3 5 1

Umpire—Fred.
Cubs vs. Athleties

Todays game between the Cubs and Ath-
letics was the best game of the present
season. The Athletics played Big League
ball with three double plays to their credit,
while the Cubs had one double, buttheir 3 two
base hits made them the victors to the tune
of 4-2.

R I5Es E.
Cubs 100011100 4 T 0
Athl2sP S 0HS020-050-0-110 + 2 5 0
Umpire—Joe Smith.
3 — B 6680.
Capt. Parker’s Team Wins Again

On Saturday afternoon Capt. Dutton’s
team went down to defeat before Capt. Park-
er’s Ball Tossers by the score of 17 to 5.
The feature of the game was the hitting of
McCaughan, McLaughlin and Fritz who each
had 4 hits and the home run of Abe Schall.

The members of the League extend their
thanks and appreciation to the members of
Captain Parker’s baseball team for their
kindness in permitting the E.S.P. League
to use their gloves and bats. We will be
pleased to reciprocate whenever they may
afford the opportunity.

Captain Dutton akso has a new face in his
squad, in the person of Michael McBride,
brother of the late Overseer, James McBride. -
Is he Irish? Sure, Mike!

B *
%
Mr. Walter Enckler was forced to remain
at home on a day of last week, and dally
with a bottle of Spring Tonic. Yep, that’s

what they call it now-a-days.

* &
k

We are glad to note that Mrs. Jane Gates
of the King’s Daughters, has resumed her
weekly visits; she having recovered from her
recent illness. We missed her gentle presence.

* £
*k

The Hon. ‘‘Rube’ was up-State during
several days last week, beating the bushes
for slackers of ‘‘ours.”” We like ‘‘Rube’”’
personally, but speaking professionally, we
sincerely hope he never gets on our trail.

] ES
k

The popular Guardian of the Store-House,

Mr. Jimmy Loan, is no longer with us, hav-

ing left on Saturday to fill another
position.

We are sorry to lose Jimmy, for he
always had an onion for a ‘‘deserving’’

patriot.
HERE’S LUCK TO YOU, WILLIAM

Reading, Pa., April 16, 1918.
Mr. Robert J. Mckenty, Warden,
Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia, Pa.
My dear Mr. McKenty:—

Mr. Reuben McKenty called on
me today and handed me the contribution
made by the men under your care to the
cause of William Webber. I wish you would
convey to them my thanks and appreciation
of their unselfish conduct in giving substan-
tial aid to the cause of one of their number
who is seeking a release. I have every con-
fidence in our ultimate success.

With regards, I am,
Yours very truly,
W. K. STEVENS.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending Awpril 20th, 10

Released *¢ ¥ i Tk 20
Prison population % ¢ 1408
Highest serial Number L S0 55
