---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_070.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

—_—_—_—————-————_——_—
——_————_——————__—_-—_—————

THE UMPIRE

ﬁ
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-

ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, April 24, 1918.
WHO WORKS?

Charles M. Schawb has stated recently,
that after this war is over, the worker, the
man without property, will control the des-
tinies of the world. We here confess that
“we rather like the idea; for if we can’t qual-
ify on the one point, we can at least pass as
regards the other; and the idea of being a
world-ruler has a certain appeal, as we don’t
doubt it has for all, for who wouldn’t be a
ruler? Butwhat we started out to ask, is how
many of our number are going to qualify
under the first particular? How many of us
have been horny-handed sons of toil, and
liked it, and are willing to continue as such;
and are so qualified for a life job as a world
ruler as soon as this cruel war is over? We
wonder.

It is reasonably certain that we would all
like the job of ruling, would enjoy wearing
that air of authority that goes so well with
a pearl-gray fedora. But are we willing to
work to attain such end? There’s the
question. We fear that a goodly number are
going to be content to remain as privates—
very High Privates, of course in the ranks,
rather than attempt the attainment of official
rank at the cost of a little industry.

This should not be: eliminating the aged,
the infirm, the hopelessly crippled, and the
invalid, at least 75 per cent of our number
should be easily able to qualify as potential
rulers of destiny, and how many will em-
brace the opportunity? It really doesn’t re-
quire so much of an effort as some of usseem
to think, to chaperone a wheel-barrow along a
narrow plank; or hit a rivet squarely on its
effulgent head; or swing a shovel in perfect
rhythm, or cause a pick to rise and fall
with varied regularity through a few hours
each day, or do any one of a thousand-and-
oneotherthings. Those who havedallied with
such arts, assure us that in the course 'of
time one really comes to like it, and that
great, strong men have been known to cry
for work, as babies cry for Castoria.

There’s a rich reward of dollars in it, and
too, think of the solemn joy that lurks in
being able to walk past the corner ‘‘cop,”’
chin in air, and see him jump to the sa-
lute; instead of sneaking down a back-alley
for fear of his seeing us, and ringing for the

wagon. We would counsel our readers to
heed Mr. Schawb’s statement, and get busy.
It certainly looks good to us.

THE SLACKER

The slacker, to our mind is the man who
says, ‘‘Let George do it;’” whether the job’s
making the world safe for the Democrats,
or building a fire in the kitchen stove; and
we are very heartily in favor of having this
breed of person very harshly spoken to. We
don’t like to think that we may have such
animalcules among our number; men who
would refuse the opportunity of service were
it given them, but there are little straws
that point that way, and we blush for very
shame. The type of man who says ‘‘Why
should I do anything for the country? What
did it ever do for me?’’ is not destined to be
very popular in here, and the sooner they
awake to this fact the better. Certainly
not! The country couldn’t do anything for
them; nobody could, except possibly the Fool-
Killer, and he is to busy with large game in
these days, to bother with such small fry.

FINE!

Quite a number of our fellows have pur-
chased Bonds of the third Liberty Loan, and
in so doing have done their little ‘Bit’’ for
their country. The little button they have
gained thereby, is perhaps their most necess-
ary article of clothing, and we don’t blame
them a particle; we would be very glad to be
able to wear such a badge of honor on our
own breast, but the Editorial salary being
chiefly paid in onions, and potatoes, we just
couldn’t make it.

We would like to see everyone of us wear-
ing such a badge, it’s just the same as carry-
ing a gun, for the Hun can be beaten with
Bonds, as well as with bullets, and, indeed,
the one can’t be had without the other. We
are very proud of the local spirit of patri-
otism thus shown, though it was no more
than what we expect. We’re all Americans
here, even if we mayn’t be citizens.

HOG ISLAND

So many men from here have gone, or
have, at least, expressed their intention of
going, to Hog Island to work, that the follow-
ing bit of information concerning employ-
ment, and living conditions at that great
Government Plant, will undoubtedly be of
interest to our weaders:

“Every man must go through a careful ex-
amination, physical and otherwise, before he
is put to work. He is made to undress to
the skin, and given a bath, a haircut and a
shave. He then goes to the doctor, who ex-
amines him thoroughly. In the meantime,
his clothes have been washed and put through
a rapid-drying process so quickly that by the
time he is through they are given back to
him, sterlized and perfectly clean. The wages
are high, with extra pay for overtime.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES S

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday' morning.

Fpiscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the first Thursday at 2.00 P. M., and the

third Thursday at 9.30 A. M. and 2.00 P. M.
of every month. :

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

“The new arrangements for housing the
men are now under way. An industrial city
will be erected within a mile of the plant and
comfortable quarters will be given at a rea-
sonable rate. At present there are barracks
for something like 5,000 men. The remain-
der of the force live in Philadelphia and go
back and forth on the ferries, motor busses,
electric roads or trains. ,

““The army of laborers increases and de-
creases in size according to the weather and
other conditions. I have before me the record
of a day when 25,000 men were employed. At
that time there were more than 3,200 car-
penters, 2,000 pile drivers, 700 electricians
and about 400 pipe-fitters and plumbers. There
were about 11,000 common laborers.

¢TI had my lunch in one of the mess halls
where these thousands of men are fed every
day, and then went into the butcher shop and
bakery connected with the establishment,
and inspected the kitchen, where a dozen
cooks in white caps and aprons were working
at long ranges and great steam cookers.

““The mess hall is separated from the kitchen
by a counter, and the m2n, having bought
their meal tickets outside, come in single
file. As each passes the counter he is given
a tray much like the black tin waiter used -
in the restaurants. This tray contains his
full meal, which he carries with him to one
of the tables and eats at his leisure. There
is no delay. The meals are hinded out so
rapidly that one man is served every five
seconds and several thousands are eating at
one time. I examined a meal on a tray. It
consisted of a bowl of soup from which the
steam arose, a generous portion of fish, two
mealy potatoes, stewed corn and pudding.
There were also bread, butter and crackers.
Itlooked appetizing and the price was 30 cents.

‘“A man can live here for $1 per day. This
means 30 cents for each three meals and 10
cents per night for a bed in the barracks.
If he wants to save on his meals he can make
the cost even less. There are canteens and
lunch counters where one can buy sand-
witches or other snacks, such as a herring
and crackers and cheese. These are sold at
country grocery store prices.’’

