---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_071.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

0 0

SEEN THROUGH A PERISCOPE

Capt. Dutton, is busily engaged in his off-
hours in doing a little farming in Delaware
County and if you want to hear ‘‘Al’’ talk, just
say something about spuds or onions, and
you will know all about the art of tilling the
soil before he is through with you.

We have it on very good authority that
“Bill”’ the smiling chauffeur has joined the
ranks of the Benedicts. When pressed for
a statement on this report he smiled and
replied that it was true. Congratulations
old man and may your voyage upon the seu
of matrimony be a happy one. *

The Red Cross Baseball nine handed a
severe defeat to the ‘‘birds’’ of the E. S. P.
Choir. It seems that the Nurses were in
great shape and piled up a total of fourteen
runs on the boys of the silver throats. This
fast aggregation is anxiously awaiting a
challenge from the ‘‘Washhouse.”’

The residents of avenue 9 certainly do
have their troubles. They recently secured
a purchaser for the owner of a screechy
graphaphone, and were happy in the thought
that silence would again reign, when along
comes the bugle squad to live in our street.
Five bugles all going at once, make some
sound.

Ed., the gardener of the Tubercular Ward
deserves a great deal of credit for the fine
showing he has made with his truck patch.
Everything is in fine shape and the onions
seem to leap upward over night. Small signs
are posted in conspicuous places about the
garden urging the inmates of the ward to be
clean and not throw refuse about the yard.

Don’t you love to meet the fellow in the
yard who always is suffering from a severe
attack of the ‘‘lemme’s’” and the ‘‘gimme’s.”’
If it doesn’t happen to be tobbaco, it is
matches or ‘‘papers,”’ or some other thing
that he is in need of. This kind of a pest in
conjunction with the fellow who has left his
¢smoking’s’’ in the cell, should be sent to
some far off distant land, from which there
is no returning.

To those who think that the fellows on
¢«Cherry Hill’’ are not doing their *bit’’ to-
wards winning the War, we would ask them
to peruse the contents of the March issue of
the “‘American Red Cross’’ printed by the
Southeastern Pennsylvania Chapter, of
which our Auxiliary is a member. The
following is a clipping from a recent issue of
the ““‘American Red Cross.”” ‘‘Anxiliary No.
169, consisting of prisoners of the Eastern
Penitentiary, are turning out 500 pairs of
socks and cleaning and soaking 3% bales of
oakum daily. Their motto is: ‘All Red Cross
work solicited.””’

WE BEAR THINGS LIKE THIS

Our neighbor scrubbed the floor last night,
And we stood by, aghast;

For strange, wild words went whirling by,
Like leaves before the blast—

With dashes, blanks, and asterisks,
We’ll now fill up this verse;

For not even by proxy,
Will we be known to curse.—

We knew the moment when he stuck,
A splinter in his thumb;

We knew the very word he said;

—No, it was not ‘‘By gum!—

And when he stept upon the soap,
And nigh went through the door;

We knew just what had happened,
By the volume of his roar.

We’ve heard Vesuvius erupt,
And trembled at the sound;
We’ve listened to Niagara’s roar,
Till every sense was drowned:
But friends, last night we heard some sounds,
We never heard before,
The biggest noise on earth, is when,
Our neighbor scrubs the floor.

NEWS AND COMMENT

Thrift Stamps are being sold at the rate of
$4,000,000 a day.” How much of this four
million did you give?

Hog Island gets contract for sixty ad-
ditional ships, making one hundred and
twenty, in all, to be built there.

All aboard for Hog Island, boys!

The Chief of the Ordnance Department
states that America now has 1,650,000 rifies
on hand.

And not even a pick and shovel for us!

Only 1 per cent. of the men paroled from
the U.S.Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Lea-
venworth, Kan. violate their parole.

We’ll have tospeed up a little to pass that.

Eleven States have voted in favor of the
National Prohibition Amendment;noneagainst
it. Here’s where we make good as a prophet
by predicting a coming ‘‘dry spell.”’

Practically all Steel Companies raised the
wages of their employees 15 per cent. on
April, 15th. Average pay of a common
laborer is now 38 cents an hour. Don’t you
think you could bear the disgrace of being
a C.L. for such wage?

New York has an Anti-Loafing law which
catches both the idle rich, and the park-
bench ‘‘warmer;’’ and provides for a $100.00
fine, or 90 days, or both, as a penalty. -

Gracious! what would happen to us should
this State pass such a law? Would we get
still another ‘‘bit?’’

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

All things come to him who works,

* %
*

‘Music hath charms, but how about mu-

sicians, Professor.

% %
%

Get your fishing-takle ready, boys, the

trout season is on hand.

* *k
sk

Even a tombstone will say good things

about a fellow when he’s down.

* %
%

It is understood the local Red Cross Contin-
gent are preparing to ‘‘follow their leader.’’
% £
k

News item—Los Angeles goes dry. And
a certain friend of ours was thinking of go-
ing back there!

=4
* .

Some men’s ambitions run to leaving foot-
prints in the sands of time; others to leaving
finger-prints in every prison in the country.
What's yours?

*® &
*

Judge—‘“Where did the automobile hit you?’’
Rastus— ‘““Well, jedge, if I had been carryin’
a license number it’d been done busted into
a thousand pieces.’’

* s &
Customer—‘‘Are you sure this suit won’t
shrink if it gets wet on me?”’
Legs—*‘Mine frendt, effery fire company in
the city has squirted vater on dat suit.’’

* &
*

Father told us years ago,
- That we’d end it here;
We thought father didn’t know,
Heard him with a sneer.
Now that we’re locked up so tight,
We really think father was right!
% *
k
Do you know this chap? ‘‘Dear United
States Army: My husban ast me to write a
reckomend that he supports his famly. He
can’t read, so don’t tell him. Jus take
him. He ain’t no good to me. He ain’t done
nothin’ but play a fiddle, and drink lemmen
essense since I married him, eight years ago,
and I got to feed seven kids of his. Maybe
you can get him to carry a gun. He’s good

on squirrels, an’ eatin’. Take him and
welcum. I need the bed, an’ his grub for
the kids. Don’t tell him this but take him.
k . *k
Cheer up!

The worst is yet to come!

The jury may believe you the next time.

The Judge may really give you the justice
you howl for!

The Pardon may not come to late!

The B. of P. may like your looks, and give
you that other chance!

The extra piece of meat you’re looking for
may be in the soup to-morrow!

And you may be in the trenches by Xmas.

The best is yet to come!
Cheer up!
