---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_072.jpg
---
4
HONOR CLUB NOTES

Two ex-members, B 8300, and B 7940, were
re-instated during the week, and one new
member B 5795, admitted. Receipts for the
week were; from sales $4.00; from Circulat-
-ing Library, $2.00. Expenditures: B 8301,
Loan, $5.00; B 5238, .Loan, $2.00; B 7890,
Loan, $3.00; B 6817, Loan, $2.00; B 7100,
Loan, $2.00;B 5502, Loan, $2.00; Magazine
Subscriptions, $6.00.

The Croquet-grounds of the Club were
opened during the week, with all ceremony,
‘“Pete’’ tossing out the first ball, and miss-
ing every wicket; and from now on until
cold weather comes again, the aged, middle-
aged, and infirm Shut-ins of our number
will be able to enjoy this pleasantandhealth-
ful recreation twice, or thrice a week. The
younger inmates must remember that these
Grounds are primarily for the use of the old-
er men, and only after 10.30 A.M. and 3.00
P.M. will the younger element be welcome
on these grounds. Anyone invading them
before these hours will run a serious risk of
being excommunicated.

The weather was the only fly in the oint-
ment on Saturday last; up to the last minute
it was uncertain whether the Hall, or the
Yard would be the gathering place of the
Club for its weekly half-holiday; but at 12
o’clock the President was definitely informed
that Mr. Kraupa, and his warriors of the
Film and Screen were coming in, with the
intention of contesting the Championship of
the Garage Ball-grounds with the Club
gladiators, and hurried preparations were
made to meet them.

It would have been a pallid afternoon, had
not Mr. Kraupa and his associates of the
Monarch Film Exchange, et al; enlivened it
by their brave fight against overwhelming

odds—we say overwhelming; for wasn’t
‘‘Jake’” Umpiring, and wasn’t ““Rube’’
playing first base, right at ‘Jakes’’

elbow, and—but surely it isn’t necessary for
me to reveal the whole secret of our success.

Yep, the visitors were ‘‘slaughtered’’ to
make an E. S. P. Holiday, but we are forced
to admit that they died game; while even
their wounded clamored for re-admittance to
the fray, after their wounds, clothes, and
tempers had been temporarily repaired at
our Base Hospital. We particularly admired
the nerve of one youthful warrior who made
an involuntary slide to first, and rose with
enough of that base adhering to prominent
parts of his person to entitle him to the use
of it—on the well-known principle that poses-
sion is nine points of thelaw—but the “Ump”’
obedient to ‘‘Rube’s’’ nod, ruled against him—
you see, ‘‘Rube’’ was playing that base, and
didn’t intend to be deprived of it, and the
young man’s heroism was all in vain.

Mack opened on the mound for the H. F. C.
All Stars, and scared Bins, of the visitors,
into blundering into one of his inshoots, thus

THE UMPIRE

making him a present of first base, much to
Rube’s disgust; Mr. Bins proved to be in the
right place by stealing third on a wild throw,
and Lynch, the third man up, brought him
home on a ‘‘Sacrifice.”’” Lucky tried to make
a start for the H. F. C. in its half of the in-
ning, but went to sleep between 2nd and 3d
and perished miserably. Mack repeated his
offensive in the visitors half of the second
frame and hit Swigert, first man up for the
visitors, who brought in the second run,
and seemed as proud of it as if it was the
Kaiser. It was then that the H. F. C. boys
woke up, and Barney lined out a single, which
he quickly developed into a run; and that
proved to be the beginning of the slaughter.
Lucky looked upon Barney’s work, and found
it good, and coming to the plate, in the 3rd,
smacked the first ball squarely on John K.
Tener’s signature, and knocked it over the
6th Block into the fountain, whence it was
rescued by ‘‘Pete,”” all wet and dripping;
while Lucky make a leisurely circuit of the
bases, stopping to chat with some friends en
route. This quite broke the hearts of the
visitors, and they never were the same again
getting but one more run in the 7th round,
when Steve, their redoubtable catcher, made
himself solid with his friends by a brave
attempt to stem the tide of defeat.

Meanwhile in the 5th, Mack not content with
his batting laurels, became irritated when
a ball passed him without speaking, and
walloped the next one on the nose, nearly
knocking it through the 6th Block roof,
while he made a wild circuit of the bases,
knocking over an innocent by-stander, or
two, in his progress, but as the result was
worth the damage, nobody complained. Feel-
ing that he had done his little ‘‘bit’’ for
“home,”” and friends, Mack then retired,
and Harvey took his place on the mound, and
if any of the visitors should happen to go to
France, they will be already familiar with a
bombardment, for Harvey’s ‘‘barrage’’ was so
effective that only one man succeeded in get-
ting through for a run. ‘‘Murphy’’ tried
his blandishments on him, and 1t is reported,
offered him a free pass to.all the M. P.
Theatres in town, for the rest of the year,
if he’d let up a bit, but Harvey only grinned,
and shot ’em over. They even tried the
effect of *‘Charlie Chaplin”’ on3d, in the hope
that Harvey might be induced to laugh at a
critical moment, and he did get a bit wild in
the last inning, walking two, and having the
bases full, but the last man up, fanned, and
the casualty list was so frightful that it
finished the game. Score 10—3.

Mr. Kraupa would’t talk for publication
after the game, but he was heard to say
something about sending some of his young-
sters back to the bushes for further training.
Better luck next time, Mr. Kraupa, and
here’s hoping it will be soon, for it sure was
an enjoyable afternoon.

—B 8266, Secretary.

“my samples.

“W
M .

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

'FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes

and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable
B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable priceé
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block. .

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block. .
FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish mater-
ial to make bead purses, to good workers,
as agreed, and divide the proflts. Applicants
send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE-—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit

rates.
E'S

hand bags in many different colors. Price
$1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any design
made to order. Also stock on hand. Work

guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.
FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to crder by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

LOST—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Gal.
FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms
reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.

POEMS and short stories grammatically cor-
rected and punctuated. Appropriate charges.
B 7871, 12-2nd qule}'y. : 7
TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see
Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,
FOR SALE—Ladies’ bags;new style. Cheap.
Also have a ladie’s guitar. B 5449, 1 Block.
PUT YOUR order in now for Mother’s Day
post cards. Painted on white satin, 15c each.
No orders taken after May 6th. B 7648, 7 G.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 5¢ a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9(_)19, 10 B_.
UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8&21,
8th Block.

