---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_073.jpg
---
"THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, May 1, 1918

NO. 18

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Ninth vs. Printers

- The Ninth surprised the Printers by handing
them their first defeat of the season in Wednes-
day’s game, and Harvey was the reason.
He struck out 16 men, and allowed but three
hits, and the Printers will probably mispell
his name after this. Bobbie, who covered
the mound for the Pressman had the ball
under perfect control, but he couldn’t control
the Ninth, who found him for 8 singles.

150 131 E.
Ninth EOR2E0R0S 0N MEE3 8 0
Printers 0000100 1 2 1

Mack’s double play was a noble feature of
the game, 2 baggers, by Johnny, Reds, Pad-
dy, and Himmel.

Umpire—Jacoby.

Athletics vs. Cubs

The Athletics and the Cubs fought it to a
tie Wednesday evening,and according to the
claims made, the whistle saved both sides.
Charlie No. 1 pitched the first 5 innings for
the A’s, and walked 2, and allowed 3 hits.
‘Saxophone relieved him but couldn’t improve
upon his work. Mooney pitched for the Cubs,
giving 3 free passes, and having 6 hits made

off his delivery.

R. 5L, E.
A’s 0300000 3 6 0
Bubs ¥210°0°0°0:0-1 3 4 0

The big feature of the game was Saxo-
phone’s gallant attempt to hita passing aero-
plane in the Tth frame.

2 baggers by Williams; Saxophone, 2;D.C.
Strike-outs: by Moony, 5; Charlie, 3; Sax’ 8.

Umpire—Joe Smith.

Thursday’s Game

Cubs vs. Athleties
Wednesday’s tie-game between the Cubs
and Athletics was decided on Thursday even-
ing, and the A’s proved helpless against the
stone-wall defense of the former team; altho
they reached the A’s pitcher for three 2-bag-
gers, and five singles, not a man of them

vreached home-plate

R H: E.
Cubs 280 100°1L 1 5 4 0
Athletics 000000 0 S 3
2 Baggers by B. 8720-2 Baltimore 1. Struck

out by Bud, 3; by Chick, 6, for Cubs; by
Charlie, 4; by Banks, 1; for A’s
Umpire—Joe Smith.

Friday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Cubs administered another lacing to
the A’s in Friday evening’s game. Saxo-
phone, who covered the mound for the A’s,
was in a generous mood, and walked 3, hit1
and allowed 9 hits. Asif it wasn’t enough
to defeat any ball team, Banks, Josh and
Lavender each helped out with an error, and
there you are.

R. 15l E.
Cubs 4120150 8 9 1
Athllse 1.0:1°0:271 5 7 3
8 Baggers, by Chick and Louie. 2 Baggers,

by Lucky, D.C., Baltimore, Josh, William-
port—2 Struck out, by Chick, 7; by Saxo-
phone,3

Umpire—Joe Smith.

Printers vs. Ninth

The Printers applied a handsome coating
of kalsomine to the Ninth, on Friday even-
ing, with the powerful aid of Jacoby, who
allowed but 8 hits, striking out 7, and posi-
tively refusing to issue a free pass.
pitched a good game for the Ninth, with 12
strike-outs, and but 38 hits to his credit; but
“‘Rube’’ played first base again, and ‘‘que
voulez vous?’’ as our Allies would say.

R sk E.
Printers NS 02020 2 3 0
Ninth 000000 0 4 0

Umpires—Murphy and Bill McKenty.
Monday’s Games

Ninth vs. Athletics

Monday’s game between the Ninth and
Athletics surely was some slugging match
with the Ninth’s 13 hits and the Athletics 11
hits, but the Ninth won out with a score of
8-7. Spookie pitched for the Ninth walking
1 and allowing 11 hits. Lavender pitched for
the Athletics walking 5 and allowing 13 hits.

s Sl
Ninth 004400 P B |
Athletics 30130 Al 2

Umpire—Murphy.
Printers vs. Cubs

Monday’s game between the Cubs and
Printers went the full nine rounds for each
team and wound up in a tie. Mooney pitched
for the Cubs, walking 2, allowing 2 hits, and
giving two free passes. Mack pitched for
the Printers, walking 2, allowing 4 hits, and
issuing one free pass.

RS HvE
Cubs 0207021 020 0  GE0hE] <= 4 =¥
Printers OR0=0E9R0°01 = 080 1 S 2D

Umpire—Jimmy.

Harvey

THE H. F. C. REMEMBERS
A VERY GOOD FRIEND

On Friday afternoon last the Board of
Governors of the H. F. C. presented to War-
den Robert J. McKenty, a framed Satin Piece,
with a design of American, and British Flags
painted thereon, similar to the one presented
Capt. Fallon. It was a beautiful thing, and
the Warden was visibly pleased with his gift.

Speaking in reply to the presentation speech
of Vice-President A 8432, he expressed him-
self as being very much indebted to the H.
F. C. and assured us of his continuing efforts
to advance our real interests; that our wel-
fare was ever nearest his heart; from ‘‘Pete,
and Doug’’ in their palatial ‘‘apartments,’’
to the humblest ‘‘penitent’” in the First
Block ‘‘caves;’” and said that his one thought
was to lift up, and not pull down: and we
knew he meant every word of it. His last
words were, ‘‘Here’s where the McKenty
family gets another heirloom,’” and we knew
that meant our little gift would have a place
of honor in the parlor.

THE E. S. P. HELPS
> THE LOAN ALONG

Warden Robert J. McKenty, and the en-
tire body of Officers, with the exception of
the Watch on duty, took a prominent part in
the 15th Ward Liberty Loan Parade on
Thursday night last, and according to all
reports made an exceedingly fine appearance.
Prof. Weigandt, and Sam, and Bill McKenty
furnished the martial musie, and young and
old stepped out like veterans, under the
eagle eyes of ‘‘Bob’’ Meyers, and Captain
Dutton, who acted as marshals, to the -
Warden’s Generalissimo. There were some
90 men in line, and we are informed that the
enthusiasm ran so high that two, or three
dropped out, and bought Liberty Bonds en
route. The Chaplain made an address at the
Washington Monument, being introduced by
Mr. W. A. Dunlap, Marshal of the Parade.

POPULATION STATISTICS
Entered during week ending Awpril 27th, 8

Released “¢ £ 24 oL 19
Prison population 2t $€521 399
Latest serial Number i ’¢ B 9162

Capt. Souder appeared on the Center, Sat-
urday, after a prolonged absence. We are
glad to see him safely recovered form his
recent illness, and hope he’s back for a long
‘{bit. 2 2
