---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_074.jpg
---
2
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, May 1, 1918.

GENERAL FOCH—AND US

General Foch says ‘‘A battle lost is a bat-
tle you think you can’t win,”” and we are
most heartily in accord with the distinguish-
ed General who is now the hope of Democ-
racy. It is evidenced in our ewn life; in the
lives of the majority of our number, that
that is just our trouble: we doubt our own
powers of attainment, we look up at the
heights where other men walk in strength,
and freedom, and we wish heartily to be there
but the thought of the climbing that will be
necessary confounds us, and we say ‘‘we’ll
surely fall, so what’s the use of trying, any-
way?’’ and somebody else becomes the Gov-
ernor, or Bank President we should have
been. We were licked before we started;
and all for the lack of confidence.

Confidence is more than half the battle;
to be sure you’'re going to win is to lower
the odds against you to a vanishing point,
and the first thing you know, Sunday School
Superintendent’s are using you as a shining,
instead of a horrible example. But if that
little feeling of doubt persists, and you think
you’d best go down around Vine St. and con-
sult a Brazilian Queen, or a Hindu Swami
about the matter; and probably have them
tell you that your uncle who ran away
from home 38 years ago, and was never
heard of again, now owns half Australia, and
is sure to remember you in his will, or that
your fortunes are all bound up with a blonde
heiress who is certain to come into your life
before you can develop a bald-spot, why,
what chance have you?

You sit down to wait the happy event,
while Opportunity clamors at your door un-
heard, to finally heave a weary sigh, and go
around the corner to visit that red-headed
Jones boy, whom you always rather despised
for having his hands and clothing all work
stained, and for going to night-school, or
staying at home nights for study, instead of
being a ‘‘regular fellow’’—as you were—and
going down town to help support a corner
lamp-post, or the proprietor of a pool-room,
and then coming here to tell Tom Collins he
never had a chance. Licked before you
started!

We couldn’t possibly end this better,
than by quoting General Foch some more,
this time from his immortal dispatch to Gen.

THE UMPIRE

Joffre at the Battle of the Marne—‘‘My right
has been rolled up, my left has been driven
back, my center has been smashed. I have
ordered an advance from all directions.’’

BEATING BACK
We sincerely believe that there never was
a better time than the present for doingthat
little thing of ‘‘beating back.’”” The aver-

age employer is very sparing now of criticis-

ing an applicant’s past; and only pauses to
make certain that you possess a reasonable
quantity of legs, and arms, befcre grasping
you warmly by the hand, and introducing
you to a good, fat job. In our humble opin-
ion, the man who will come back here in this
day and hour, and say he didn‘t have a
chance, deserves to be shot at sunrise—the
first sunrise after his return. Harsh lan-
guage, but we mean it.

HONOR SYSTEM VINDICATED

A radical innovation in prison routine has
just been introduced by Warden Sam Morley
of the Oklahoma State Penitentiary.-

Thirty prisoners were assigned to work on
the grounds surrounding the capitol building.
They are engaged in plowing, filling and grad-
ing the grouuds. They are working hard and
faithfully eight hours a day. They work
without balls, chains and guards. Many of
these men are lifers, others are serving ten,
twenty and forty years. Among them are
men who were convicted of murder, highway
robbery, and other crimes punishable by the
severest penalties.

Warden Morley placed each man strictly
on his honor. In reminding these men of the
trust he was reposing in them, among other
things posted up at their quarters is the
following: ‘I am in hopes that all will work
honestly and cheerfully. Since you are going
to be under the surveillance of virtually every
state official at the capitol, I want to see you
make good. It means a good deal for you to
make good on this occasion. One prisoner
failing to do his duty might cause the entire
camp to be criticised. I want you to prove
to all that prisoners can be trusted and that
they can and will render service as effectively
as free men.”’

How did these thirty men respond to the
trust reposed in them?

The fact that the warden has just granted
them still larger liberty by giving them the
freedom of the capitol city from 7:30 to 10
o’clock each Saturday night is the best answer
to that question.

For two and one half hours each Saturday
night the men are permitted to do as they
please. They may go to the theatres, ‘‘mo-
vies,’’ stroll up and down the streets, or go
shopping without let or hindrance. They are
not allowed to visit pool rooms, dance halls,
hotels, rooming houses or places of question-
able character, nor carry fire-arms nor use
intoxicating liquors. —New Era.

e e e
e S — e ————

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 38rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 P. M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

SALUTAMUS

Certainly a number of our readers will be
interested to learn that Mr. Simonin, son of
one of the best-loved of our King’s Daughter
visitors, whom we enjoyed the pleasure of
hearing prior to hisfirst departure for France
a year, or more, ago, and was at that time
made an honorary member of the H. F. C.,
has been commissoned a Second Lieutenant
in the National Army.

Mr. Simonin’s first service was in the
American Ambulance; upon our entering the
war, he sought to enlist in the Aviation Corps
but was prevented from doing so by a slight
defect of vision. He returned to France in
August last, serving in the Disbursing Dept.
of the Aviation Service at Paris. Upon the
recommendation of the Head of the Service
he has atlast won to his goal of active ser-
vice, where we wish all honor and success,
and only wish it was our luck to follow him
“‘over the top.”’

To the Editor of The Umpire

In reference to your editorial in your issue
of April 24th, ‘“The Slacker’’ permit me to
say there are fellows who do make the re-
mark you quote, ‘‘“What did my country ever
do for me?’’ If this remark is not made through
ignorance, it must be the basest kind of in-
gratitude. Any young man of military age,
born and raised in this country, enjoying all
its countless benefits and privileges, its free
schools ete., who would refuse to shoulder a
gun or in some way go to the defense of his
country, is worse thana slacker, he is an
ingrate, and is not worthy to be called an
American.

Any man who rafuses to stand up for his
God, his country, his home or his friend is
an abject coward. It is sad but true that

“even in private life, some people are lacking

in gratitude. They cannot appreciate a kind-
ness. Even a dog will wag his tail if you
are kind to him. But speaking of Slackers,
how about the people who are responsible
for restrictions that prevent a man from fight-
ing for his country, simply because he was, or
18, in prison? Just give us a chance and we
will prove that there are some Americans
even in prison. —B 7291.
