---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_075.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

%

NEWS AND COMMENT

The Post Office Department has ruled that
chickens may be sent thru the mails. Gee!

3776 men will be the quota of this State in
the Draft call to be made next month. Won-
der when they’ll get round to us.

Repeated earthquake shocks shake up all
Southern California. We’re waiting to hear
the ‘“‘wets’’ claim it’s because Los Angeles
went ‘‘dry.”’

Charlie Chaplin has been drafted, and will
probably be called in June. Well, if the
Huns do. anything to Charlie, we’re going
to get real angry at them.

From an American soldier’s letter to his
mother—‘‘I had a bullet in my side, and one
in the back, but I did not fall until the battle
was over.”” Somebody please read that to
the Kaiser.

Belgium is breadless, and all shipments of
wheat to our Allies have been suspended for
ten days while 3,000,000 bushels are being
rushed to that starving country. Well, they
can have our share.

British pull off a Hobson stunt, and bottle
up the German submarine bases, by sinking
some half dozen hulks in the channelsleading
into Zeebrugge and Ostend. The British lion
seems to be waking up.

Ohio orders all vagraants, and tramps, ar-
rested on sight, and unfeelingly put to work.
The horrors of the Inquisition were nothing
to this. We can see Weary Willie cutting

Ohio off his visiting list.

The War Department has put the German
prisoners-of-war, held at Forts Oglethorpe
and McPherson, in Georgia, to work at build-
ing roads. Which is almost enough to make
us wish we were a German prisoner.

40,000 men are wanted at once for the Ma-
rine Corps, its enlisted strength having been
increased to 75,500; at the same time the
Navy personnel is to be increased to 223,000.
How would you like to have your choice?

Practically all Steel Companies raised the
wages of their employes 15 per cent on April
15. Average pay of a common laborer isnow
38 cents an hour. Don’t you think you
could bear the disgrace of being a C. L. for
such wage?

““Germans strike hard at American Front”
— News item. And did we strike back? Oh!
no, certainly not! We turned the otber
cheek, as is evidenced by the dispatch going
on to state that our loss was about 200, to an
estimated German loss of 400.

TO OUR BAND

The Band is playing over there;
My thoughts are far away,

Changing with the changing air,
Whether sad, or gay:

On viewless wings of Music borne,
My willing spirit goes;

Peg o’ my Heart is waiting,

Where the River Shannon flows.
Hark! How the eymbals clash in glee,
The Music’s gay, and sweet;

It’s Blossom Time in Tennessee;
Where we were wont to meet:

The Eyes of the World are the Eyes of You,
The music doth proclaim,

— Will the Girl I Left Behind be true,
Till I come back again—.

The drum-beat echoes in my heart;
““My Country, 'Tis of Thee!”’
It bids me play the manly part,
Here, or beyond the sea.
And now in loud insistent strain,
The horns are calling to
Where they’re fighting, and they’re dying,
For the Red, White, and Blue!

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

Chaplain Joseph Welch’s Bible Class held
its regular weekly meeting on Wednesday
afternoon April 24. In the absence of Chap-
lain Welch who was getting Liberty Bonds
for some of the boys, our friend, Mr. Frank
Dipple, took personal charge. After recita-
tion of the Lord’s prayer, and responsive
reading of the day’s lesson, Mr. Dipple in-
troduced Rev. J'r. J. G. Bickerton, pastor
of the M. E. Union Church, of this city, and
a very promiment member of the Phila. M.
E. Conference. Rev. Bickerton proved to be
up to the high standard of all those whohave
preceeded him at these meetings, and his
talk, on the ‘‘Iransfiguration of Christ,”’
was worth going miles to hear. We hope
Rev. Dr. Bickerton enjoyed being with us
and we hope he may come in again. The
singing by the attending inmates, and es-
pecially the singing of the Episcopal Choir
was of more than usual merit, and brought
forth congratulations from both Dr. Bick-
erton and Mr. Dipple.

' —B 7291.

WHAT DO YOU THINK?

We would respectfully suggest to the
Warden, and the powers that be, that a Serv-
ice Flag would present a very fine appear-
ance; say, at the entrance to the Main Build-
ing, or hanging on the Center.

Other Institutions of like character to this,
have so honored their ‘‘ex-grads’’—and in
so doing, did themselves honer—and 1o one
knows better than Warden McKenty how

many of his ¢‘old boys’’ are oaoing their
“pbit’’ Over There, or getting ready to go
over.

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Laugh,and the world laughs with you;

weep and it laughs at you.

* %
#

If you can’t fight, you can work;

can’t work, you can give. Well?

* *
*

Ques. Why do most married men talk in
their sleep?

Ans. Because it’s their only chance.

* £
k

Spring fever has stabbed us to the vitals,
and our work for the last few days makes us
ashamed to look a self-respecting snail in the
face. How about you?

if yjou

%k

5 pennies—1I nickel

5 nickels—1 quarter

1 quarter—1 War Savings Stamp

1 W.S.8.—5 bullets

5 bullets—5 wallops at the Kaiser,

And we consider it*cheap*at the price.
*

Doc’ Wiley advises the American people to
eat up some of the surplus cats, and dogs,
and so win the war. Well we’d take a real
pleasure in eating some one of the canines
that houl beneath our windows, mornings;
and as for cats, we’re going to make friends
with John Keen’s fgline iinmediately.

ES
The “‘line up’’ along the 5th Block wall
regards the adjacent War-gardens with hun-
gry eyes. What’s going to happen when the
blushing tomato, and the succulent marrow-
fat bean is to be seen coyly peeping through
the shrouding greenery, and the proprietor’s
back is turned? Personally, we think “‘Lou’’
was wise to take to*the rgof.
ES
Dear old ‘‘Uncle John” pulled off a raid
some days ago with all the aplomb,and sav-
oir faire of a veteran at such arts, and tho
he failed to catch the proprietor of the al-
leged Gambling Den, he did surprise a coupie
of habitues, and an innocent bystander, at
a game of dominoes, and forthwith delivered
a lecture which cleared the air and the cell
immediately. It was very generous of
Uncle John, but the proprietor would like to
know who got the “kitty?”’
X
Our stenog. asked us the other day how to
tie a bow tie, and it is for his, and other’s
benefit, that we print the following direc-
tions—hold the right end of the tie in your
left hand, and the left endin yourrighthand,
and slip your neck into the loop thus formed.
Now cross the left-hand end of the tie over
the right, with the left hand, steadying the
right end with the other hand. Then drop
both ends, catching the left with the right,
and the other with the other. Reverse hands
and pick up the loose end with the nearest
hand. Pull this end thru the loop with your
unengaged hand, and squeeze. All you’ve
got to do now is disentangle your hands.
