---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_076.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

Mw

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

Wit L Pet: W. L. Pect.

Printers 5 1 833 Ninth S 3500

Cubs 4 2 66T Athletics 0 6 000
" NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wi i SBct: WL Pct.

New York 108 19909 Pittsburg 4 4 500

Philies 8 3 27 St. Louis 3 7 300

Chicago 6 3 667 Boston 2 8 200

Cincinatti 6 b b4 Brooklyn 1 9 100
AMERICAN LAGUE STANDING

Wl s Pet: W. L. Pet.

Boston 100 2. 833 Washingtn 4 6 400

Cleveland 6 3 667 Detroit 2 4 333

Chicago AR 60T St. Louis 3 6 333

New York B S A <] T Athletics S 7300

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate meeting of April 23, the
following were admitted to membership in
the Club: B 9127, 9129, 9130, 9131, 9132 9133,
9134—10c; 9135, 9138, 8427, The report of the
Treasurer showed a balance of $170.08 in the
Club Treasury. The resignation of B 5165
as Delegate for the 5th Block, accepted with
regret. B 8976 was appointed to fill the
vacancy; and B 7998 appointed for the 7th Gal-
lery, and B 5936 for the 12-1 Gallery during the
week. Receipts for the week were, from
the sale of waste rags, $38.37; from Circulat-
ing Library, $8.25; Donations, $5.10; Sales of
muslin for caps, T5c; Expenditures: Horlach-
er Auto Service, for bringing Mr. Kraupa
to Institution, $1.00; Central News Co. for
Periodicals, $2.63; B 3079, for work, $4.20;
Loan to B 6469, $5.00.

The boys of the First Section had their
chance in the Yard on Saturday, and the
weather being on its good behavior, they had
a very pleasant afternoon’s outing. Vice-
President, A 8432, was Grand Marshal of the
parade, and the Order of the Day was ““twice
around,’”’ and a gallant showing the boys
made; from the Officers of the Club, in full
regalia who headed the line, followed by the
Band, by “Curly’s’”” ‘Invincibles,”” in full
panoply of war, then the Croqueteers, and
following, the Blocks and Galleries in order,
with the 1st Block acting as rear-guard, but
if good marching counts for anything in the
Club’s young life, those boys will head the
line next time, for they marched as tho that
causeway was the road to Berlin, and they
had a pressing engagement with the Kaiser.
All the while the Band tooted its loudest, the
Bugle Corps blew itself black in the face;
the Warden viewed the marching column
with a proud, and proprietary smile from
the ‘“Reviewing Stand,’”” and what more
could you ask to make it a Perfect Day?

Base—Ball

Mr. Kraupa, and his ball-tossers of the M.
P. Industry were with us again, and it was
whispered, were looking for revenge, if that
was what they took home with them, we
don’t yearn to revenge ourselves on anybody
at all. We hesitate to speak of the Score, as

we don’t care to be thought absolutely heart-
less, but in strictest confidence, and without
thought of levity, we will say that it was
something like 13 to 1, and that in 5 innings.

Rube held down his old job as First base-
man, but Jake took an active part in the
game, officiating in left field, leaving the
Umpire’s job to ‘“Curly’’ who dealt out an
even-handed justice which should keep him
in Fatimas for months to come. The E. S.
P. came first to bat, and after the smoke
had quite cleared away, it was discovered
that we had 4 runs to our credit. In the
visitors half, Mangold came first to the bat,
and lined out a grounder which Jake seemed
to be chary of accepting, presenting Mr.
Mangold with 1st base; Herb following, shot
two window-panes out of the Garage with
one ball, and Harvey, to save that useful
building from entire destruction, turned him
over to Rube’s care: only to cruelly nail him
a second later at 2d, a little habit of Harvey’s
of which he seems unable to break himself.
Klang was also passed on to Rube, and stole
2d, but Haws, next man up, busted one on
the trade-mark, and it sailed gracefully over
the wall, and ‘‘Curly’’ said ‘“You’re out!”’
just like that; and they all were.

The only difference between the first, and
second innings was that the E. S. P. improved
on their first performance, and made 6 runs,
and after that it was all over but the condol-
ences. Mr. Kraupa was forced to turn away,

- he couldn’t bear to witness the slaughter.

It was in this inning that Rube distinguished

himself by sending up an ‘‘observation bal-

loon’’ that brought in a.run, and proved the
beginning of one for his very own, but that
was his last contribution to the glorious vic-
tory, after that he whiffed with a mournful
regularity that must have been highly grat-
ifying to Herb, the visitor’s pitcher.

With the score standing at 10—0, some
compassionate ‘‘bleacherite’” yelled ‘‘Give
them a chance,’’ and Harvey was taken out;
having done his deadly work, and Bobby took
his place on the firing-line, while the boys
slowed up a bit, only amassing two, or three
more runs, that they might keep from en-
tirely stagnating. In our half of the 3d, no
runs were made, an inadvertence which no
one seemed able to explain, and the visitors
came to bat-with high hopes that our winning
streak was over. But alas! for the vanity of
human wishes, this was real, and not ‘‘reel’’
life, and virtue didn’t get a thing. Doyle
popped out ‘‘pronto’’ Jake to Rube, Sam
sat down_on orders from Curly, Starkman
started, but was ‘‘pinched with the goods’’
by Rube at first, and Curly haughtily waved
him back to the trenches. Curly had a way
with him Saturday, that the visitors found
very compelling.

The visitors came to the bat in the 4th,
with a ‘‘do or die’’ air, that threatened trouble
for us, but see what happened. Mangold
broke the ice with a ‘‘one reeler’ which

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad’’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with 1n1a1d backs 35O
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (%)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

TEACHING— Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month., B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships. B 3:47,7B.
FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also .fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 555, 6 B.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; alqo
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shces for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5086, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block. ;

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel bcxes. All
kmds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

PICTURE fran.ing of mission wood and any
dimension. . Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.
FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

LOST—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Gal.

FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms
reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see
my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,

FOR SALE—Ladies’ bags;new style. Cheap.
Also have a ladie’s guitar. B 5449, 1 Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for Mother’s Day
post cards. Painted on white satin, 15¢ each.
No orders taken after May 6th. B 7648, 7 G.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 5c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,

8th Block.

looked as big as a “‘feature’’ to hifm, Herb

tried hard to start something, but Curly

coldly told him he was ‘‘Out;’’! Klang slammed

one up ageinst the wall, but Harvey was

on the job, and picked it off as neatly as tho

it were a ripe tomato, Haws was now wise
to this three-cushion carom effect, and

bounced one off the wall, that scored Man-
gold, and saved the day, if not the situation.
With the E. S. P. feeling thoroly satisfied
with its work, and the visitors happy that
they had escaped the threatened disgrace of
a kalsomining, the remainder of of the game
was on the ‘‘Batter up!, batter out!’’ order.
The visitors never rallied again.

