---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_077.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

- BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Ninth vs. Athletics

Wednesday’s game between Ninth and Ath-
letics was a swat-fest from start fo finish,
the Ninth amassing a total of 16 hits out of
28 times up and so startling the A’s by their
extraordinary show of activity, that they
conceded them the game, their only show -of
annoyance being a double play by William-
sport and another by Saxophone, which net-
ted them 2 runs. ‘

R. H. E.
Ninth 3013100 8 16 1
- A’s 110000 2 4 1

Umpire—Murphy.
Printers vs. Cubs

If to err is human, then the Cubsin today’s
- game showed themselves very human guys
indeed; for the most of the Printers runs
were made on errors, and free passes, which
were issued almost on demand by Mooney
and Bud. ‘‘Jake’’ distinguished himself by
intercepting a hot liner and catching Andy
asleep off 3rd. Results, one double play for
‘““Jake.’’ Barney did the same thing in the
Tth. when he captured Bud’s pop-fly, and
assssinated Slick on hls way to 3rd.

R. ek E.
030 4 3 0
QUL () oe2 5 3

Printers 00 0 1
Cubs 0000
Umpire—Curly.
Tuesday’s Game

Cubs vs. Printers

The Cubs and Printers settled Monday’s
tie on Tuesday evening. In what was a
most exciting game, the Cubs finally tri-
umphed, and left the Printers disconsolately
contemplating a 6-2 Score which wasn’t in
the Printers favor. Mooney pitched for the
Cubs, striking out 10, walking 4, allowing
hits, and 2 hit by pitched balls. Mack
pitched for the Printers, striking out 6,
walking 1, allowing 8 hits.

Cubs
Printers
Umpire—Jimmy.
Thursday’s Game

Cubs vs. Printers

Thursday’s Game between Cubs and Print-
ers was devoid of exeiting incidents until the
fifth round; the score being 5 tolin the Print-
ers favor, at the beginning of this phase of
the battle, and when the smoke cleared away
it was 8 to 1 in favor of the same parties.
'Tis a simple tale; Baum cleared a trio of
loaded bases with a two-bagger; Mack

Philadelphia, May 8, 1918

brought Baum home with one of the same,
and what was left of the Bear-cats took to a
tree for the remainder of the game. Sheean’s
double-play in the 4th. was the only redeem-
ing feature of the Cubs game; Mooney hit the
bat almost every throw; Chick and Slick,
seemed to be thinking of something other
than base ball, and Lucky said, ‘‘I pass’’ be-
fore the cards were half dealt.

- R. H. E.
Printers 010160 SESIORS]!
Cubs 1000000 g

Umpire— Murphy.
Friday’s Game
Athletics vs. Ninth
The A’s surprised everybody, including

themselves, by taking Friday’s game from
the unsuspecting, and over-confident Ninth,
and it is rumored, will now retire on their
laurels. They made as many as 6 runs in one
inning, including a home-run which makes
Louie solid with the manager for the rest of
the season, This had no more than happened
when Williams lined out a two-bagger which
brought in as many runs and he also has vis-
ions of a Big League career. - The best the
Ninth could do was a three-bagger by Spook-
ie, who struggled heroically to stem the tide
of defeat, but as his comrades persisted in
dying on almost every base, hie could do little
but play pall-bearer.

iR H. E.
A’s 31600x 10 9 0
‘Ninth 012300 6 4 2

Monday’s Game

Ninth vs. Cubs

The Cubs had the Ninth beaten to a frazzle
before the first two innings of Monday’s
game had ended. Chick’s two-baggers, and
Bud’s pass, in the first marking the first Cas-
ualty for the Ninth; while in the second
frame, Bud, Andy, and O’Neill, with Lucky’s
strategic assistance, piled up three more runs,
and it was all over but the shouting. The
Ninth staged a last-minute rally in the 6th,
when Johnny, and Harvey got a run each, by
the valor of Red; who doubly distinguished
himself by batting a thousand; 3 times at bat
and 3 hits, being his record for the game.

R. H E.
Cubs 1300010 5 6 2
Ninth 0000020 2 6 0

Umpires—McGonigal and Count.
POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending April 27th, 21
Released ¢ (%3 (13 6¢ 6é 19
Prison population & ‘1400
Latest serial Number £ *<'B 9183

NO. 19

INSTITUTION VISITORS GIVE
POINTERS ABOUT ENEMY

Capt. W. A. Ross, of the Royal Engineers,
and Miss E. M. McCawley, of the Motor
Messenger Service, were Institution visitors
during the week. Capt. Ross is an American
who early heard the call to service, enlisting
in the Canadian Forces at the beginning of
the war, and has seen much service at the
Front. The gallant Captain gave many val-
uable pointers on the proper treatment of
the enemy, laying special emphasis upon the
winning qualities of cold steel in any argu-
ment with the Hun.

He was sportman enough to give high
praise to the fighting qualities of the enemy
in particular the Bavarians and Saxons; and
said that man for man they were our equal,
(our idea of the proper ratio would be one
American to two Huns, but we may be wrong;
tho we confess we’d like to try it) and that
the winning of the war was, in the last anal-
ysis, a question of man power alone; that
numbers must tell in the end, and this ad-
vantage lay with us. The Captain was of-
fered some recruits, but gracefully deferred
decision.

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

A very pleasant hour was spent on Wednes-
day afternoon May 1st by those privileged to
attend the meeting of Chaplain Welch’s Bible
School. Good singing and speaking were the
features of the afternoon. Chaplain Welch,
who was absent the previous week buying
Liberty Bonds for some of the ‘‘boys,’”’ was
on hand and delivered a short address. He
said he wished he could orly buy some of us
our liberty as easily as he could buy bonds.
Mr. Dipple conducted the responsive reading
of the day lesson, Mark 9-30 to 50 ‘“‘Jesus Re-
buking Selfishness.”” Mr. Dipple had Rev.
D. B. Goff Jr., Evangelist of the Phila. M.E.
Conference as the speaker for the afternoon.
Rev. Goff’s talk was a treat, he is a forceful
speaker. Rev. Goff was accompanied by his
wife. Mr. Dipple closed the meeting with a
short talk and prayer.

—B T7291.

We were glad to note the reappearance on
the Center, on Saturday last, of our popular
Deputy Warden, Mr. Peter Enckler, and we
trust his reappearance will prove to be other
than temporary. Mr. Enckler is not yet
fully recuvered from his recent illness, and
bears the marks of the same; but has hopes
of being soon back to pristine form.
