---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_078.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIR L

——_.——_—F

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of it readers.

/Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,

. who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, May 8, 1918.
el e R R i ke e e A S
AN ISSUE WITH A CERTAIN GENERAL

“A certain General of our Forces—who
shall be nameless—hasintimated, not too deli-
cately, that ex-convicts are not wanted in
the U. S. Army. Seemingly, it is the opin-
ion of the gallant officer, that an ‘‘ex-con”
is a cross between a horrible example, and a
contagious disease, and to be avoided with
all care. That to rub shoulders with such is
to be contaminated, and that after messing
with an ‘‘ex-con’’ one would feel an uncon-
trollable impulse to rush forth and steal the
regimental Standards, or assault the Officer
of the Day.

We don’t like to pose as a prophet, but
we’re willing to wager our next quarter’s
salary, that enough ‘“‘ex-cons’’ will fight, and
die for their country before this war is thru,
to make a very respectable sized army, and
one which this gallant officer would be proud
to command, if the experience of the British,
and the French with such as we, is of any
moment. ,

‘The men who in the small hours of the morn-
ing, when a man’s courage isatit’s lowestebb,
as is asserted by Napoleon, can cheerfully
face the possibility of meeting a large Irish
patrolman, filled with beer, and a sense of
duty, and carrying a 45, and a hickory club;
aren’t going to shrink from meeting a Hun
armed only with a bomb, a saw-tooth bayo-
net, and utterly lacking in the moral support
afforded one by the consciousness that one’s
cause is just.

‘The General seems to be committed to the
theory of * '
nal’”’ and heartily in agreement with those
who regard the wrong-doer as both incorrigi-
ble, and incurable, and perhaps contagious;
and is quite out of sympathy with the more
modern, and humane idea that crime is in
most cases a disease quite possible of cure;
a mental fault that can be remedied by the
right treatment: and what bett2r cure could
there be than service given to one’s country,
with the gain in courage, and self-respect
that must come thereby.?

The man who has fought, and bled, and suff-
ered in his country’s service, isn’t going to go
back to his old system of living off that
country when his war-service is done—not
if he’s any sort of a man at all. He’s rather
going to be proud as a peacock of what he’s

once a criminal, always a crimi- _

done, and anxious to keep on doing his little
bit to make that country a little more pros-
perods, and glorious than before. Why
should a man’s past be remembered against
him in such hour as this, when cowards be-
come herces in the twinkling of an eye, and
weaklings are made strong over night, and
the spirit of sacrifice, which makes men, is
in the very air?

May we venture to recall to the distin-
guished Officer, in closing, the words of Per-
icles to the Athenians, spoken centurles ago,
yet just as applicable to-day.

““Even those who come short in other ways
may redeem themselves by fighting bravely
for their country; they may blot out the evil
with the good, and benefit the State more by
their public service than ever they injured
her by their private notions.”’

But then the brave General isn’t Pericles.

DUTY:

We don’t know who it was that invented
Duty, but whoever it may have been, they cer-

-tainly had the right ‘“dope’’ on human nature.

We are all interested in anything we can’t
understand, and we’ve made a fetich of the
mysterious, and intangible thing called Duty
thatwillpersistthroughout theages. Whenever
it is mentioned in our presence we immediate-
ly fall down and worship it, with the utmost
enthusiasm, and an air which says ‘‘Just see
how fond we are of doing our duty!”” and
know ourselves a hypocrite the while.

No matter how disagreeable a task'may be;
whether it’s the weekly serub, or the Saturday
bath, let some smooth-tongued artist with
the English language come around and ‘‘con’’
you into the belief that it is your duty to do
that little thing that a moment before looked
so distasteful, and you fall to, with a gusto
which is only approached when you're mixing
a milk-shake. It’s that magic word Duty
that does it. ‘

Some conscientious ‘‘cop’’ feels it is his duty
to investigate your actions of a rainy mid-
night, and some few days or weeks later you
are standing before a righteously gloomy
Judge who feels it his duty, and tells you so,
to give you five, ten, or twenty years, and
proceeds to do so with a hearty good-will that
makes you long for a fire-extinguisher to abate
his zeal. Last, but not least, we feel it our
duty to assist in the waging and winning, of
this war; though it is apparently everybody
else’s duty to prevent us. Goodness knows
who’ll win.

EVERYBODY ROOT FOR THIS

There is hope of a Bill being presented to
the Legislature at its next session, which
will provide for the giving of conditional
Pardons, to those deemed worthy of a slight-
ly qualified freedom—a sort of glorified parole.

This promises to give those unfortunates
whose minimun sentence treads too closely
upon the heels of their maximum; as well as

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9 30
A. M., 1st & 8rd Thursdays each mor.h
2 P.M. :

Jewish services are held on Saturday° at
the band-room.

==

w»‘\t‘.”‘w-r’v. e e

those who are ‘‘doing it all,”” ‘a chance to
prove in comparative freedcm that 1l eir
good behavior here, was not the merest
“‘camouflage,’’ but the real beginning ¢t a
new life. There are many Inmates wi hin
these walls who would gladly embrace the
opportunity of Service, and ‘rehabilite tion
offered them, and are only prevented fiom
doing so, by an antiquated system, ard a
foolish precedent. We can understand the
Board’s not wishing to entirely condone the
faults of some; to keep a string tied to tiem,
as it were; but we feel that there’s mary a
man here, hopelessly ‘‘buried’” with a long
““bit,”” who could ‘“‘muke gocd’’ under the
present urge were th: chance given him; and
here promises to be an opportunity. H:re’s
hoping.

E. S. P. LEAGUE HOLDS MEETING

A meeting of the E. S. P. B. 'B. League
was held on the 25th, for the parpose ot
electing a President, vice B 7664 resigned.
The meeting was called to order by B 7612

acretary, who called upon the retiring Pres-
ident to say a few words. ‘‘Jake’’ gave as
his reasen for resigning the fact thatheliked
the playing end of the game better than the
executive end of it. His resignation was
duly accepted, and a vote of thanks given
him for his services to the League.

B 8361, Curly, was then nominated to
fill the wvacancy, and elected by acclama-
tion. Curly stated in his little speech of ac-
ceptance, that he was heart and soul for. the
game, and would help out in every possible
way. A truth which he at once proceeded to
prove by purchasing a supply of gloves and
bats ete. for the use of the League. He
said that everyone could depend upon him
for a square deal, and all present showed
their belief in this statement, by giving him
a rousing vote of confidence.

‘Why don’t some of our ‘‘retired’’ business
men heip out their favorite team by buying
a glove or a bat or a half dozen balls for it?
And another thing, don i knock the playezts,
boost them

BTG SO
