---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_079.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

SEEN THROUGH A PERISCOPE

.The writer of this column being ‘‘sub-
merged’’ during the past few weeks wasunable
to notice anything new on the horizon, but
has now come to the surface once more, and
hence the following:—

The beams for the new wagonr scale have.

arrived and the work will be started ia the
very near future. The work will be com-
pleted by home talent under the direetion of
a mechanic from the Fairbanks Company.

It is reported about the Institution that
our old friend ‘‘Larry’’ Redmand has fully
recuperated from a serious attack of illness,
and that in the very near future he will be
- back on the job, looking after the residents
-of avenue 7. ‘‘Welcome Home, Larry.””

Saveral of the fellows who had gardenson the
Seventh Block have met with a sad reverse and
were compelled to tear down the much ‘‘work-
ed at’’ garden patches as it is to be used for
other purposes. - Why not make application
to Curly for a job, fellows, as he is in need of
several first-class men.

“Bill”’ the chauffeur, has made application
-to the Government for a position in the auto-
mobile repair dept., of the ‘Army. All will
be well, until they put ““Bill’”’ driving a pie
wagoen or something pertaining to eats, and
then w2 caasz2e waare ‘‘Bill”’ gets shot at sun-
rise, as he certainly does love to devour the
sweet stuff.

' _hief Yoeman Balfour, U. S. N. R. F.,
son of the late Inspector Robert A. Balfour,
was noticed on the ball grounds the other
afternocn, accompenied by our friend “‘Rill.””
Mr. Balfour was greatly pleased with the
playing of the local boys, ana said that he
thought he could use several of them on his
team at the Navy Yard. “‘All in favor please
stand up.’’

““Joe’’ the much annoyed ‘‘Postmaster’’ in
our village, was the victim of a suave confi-
dence man on a recent date and by his sad
experience he is just five dollars out. We
were very sorry to learn of ‘‘Joe’s’” misfor-
tune, and while a ‘*“Ways and Means’’ com-
mittee tried to show him several ways of re-
imbursement, ‘‘Joe’”’ would not take any
chances, and has given the-five-up. for good.

Mystery surrounds the loss of about three
inches of trouser legs in the Parole Dept.
One of the officials of that Dlept. donned his
trousers on a recent date, cnly to find that
another pair had been left in their place,
which hardly covered his ankles.  Obedience
to a strict code of decency caused him to re-
tire to the rear and send out.an S. O. S. call
for “‘Bill’’-the Janitor, who merely looked,
laughed, and said, ‘‘Great Day.”’

MOTHER’S DAY, MAY, 12, 1218
For a day, or for an hour,
You may wear a snow-white flower,
On your breust;
For the one, who all- forglvmg,
Whether dead, or whether living,
Loves you best.
Who believed when others doubted;
Praissd you still, when others flouted;
Knew the good that others scouted;
Stood the test.
Yours a debt too great for payment:
Love is more than food, or raiment;
This she gave.
What’s the flower . that you’re wearing,
To the sorrow that she’s bearlng,
To the grave?
Since in travail first she bore you;
She has fought such battles for you;
Never ceased her watching o’er you;
- Quick to save.
What’s the recompense you’re giving?
Just a flower for the living,
For the dead.
Tho you wear a flower forever;
You could thus repay her, never;
Wear instead:
In your heart the will to be good,
Bear life’s ills, and smile—as she would;
Win you back the joys of childhood,
That have fled.

The following is a letter received from
Frank Tees, one of our former Guards, who
is now on the battle-front in France, in com-
pany with Frank Tucker, who is also,
“‘Somewhere in France:”’

Somewhere in Franee.

Have been under continuons shell fire from
the 25th of March till the 2nd of April and
when I say under it I don’t mean 1 or 2 miles
away. When they explodel or2 houses away
from where they stand I call it pretty close
don’t you? We have been followed kack and
lost a great deal of our personal stuff; also
our kitchen which on account of a bum wheel
we had 10 leave tothe Germans discretion.
We have been spattered with piecesofshrapnel
and debris from exploding shells. Gee itwas
g'reat and exciting. My arplication for a
transfer to the tanks didn’t go as they would
not leave me transfer since this excitement.
1 am perfectly satisfied with this branch.
Can you imagine being under shell fire for
Easter Sunday and not egg shells either.
The French brought down 38 German planes
on Easter Sunday night and I saw one fall.
He controlled his plane, till his wings burned;
then he took a vertical plunge to his death.
We have acquired the art of ducking when
we hear the whistle of an arrive, which a
Boche snell is called, and when one comes
every one ducks.. The shells leaving from
the German lines are called departes. Have
thought of you and often wished I was under
the dome in your dining room with something
to eat with you. Well you know what more
could a fellow wish for. —Frank.

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

We are all ready for the first chap who
m:ntions strawbarry short-cake in our hear-
ing. It’ll be nothing' less than an hospital
case.

* k
ES
A fish diet may not strengthen the brain,
but we have almost daily evidence of the fact
that it certainly is strengthenlng to the im-
agination.

* *
sk

We are told that work is the greatest bless-
ing in the world, and yet we know men
right in here who would walk ten miles. to
keep from being so blessed.

““Where’s Georgé?”’ a fond mother was
asked. ‘‘He’s getting married this after-
noon,’’ mother replied, ‘‘and he’s upstairs in

bed now while I crease his trousseau.’’

% £
£

The way of the world is to consider you
guilty until you haVe been proven innocent,
and afterwards to retain a sneaking suspic-
ion that the proof was forged.

sk : £
k

The time when remorse bites the deepest,
and when we’re really sorry for what we’ve
done, is when we hear the twelve o’clock
whistles blowing outside the walls, and think

what thev used to mean to us.

* ES
ES

Hubby—“‘This soup seems
What did you use for stock?’’

Wifie— ““Why you see, Mr. Hoover advises
us to use the water food has been boiled in,
so I used the broth from the boiled eggs.”’

% *k
%

R.L.M. has solved that pinochle problem
to his own, and everybody else’s satisfacticn.
You bid 37, instead of 35, and you immediate-
ly make it. He says that his first trial of it,
proved it to be ‘‘just as easy.”’

ES
& &

Famous loans we have met.

The makin’s.

Half-a-pound ’til the fifteenth.

Our new suit ’til after the Board meeting.
The Liberty Loan

very thin.

1
&

Tom Collins is telling this one: -

Tom— (severely) ¢ ‘And What was your bus— :
iness?’’

NeW arrival—‘‘I’se de manager of a laun;
Fe g

Tom— ‘““‘And What was the name of thls
laundry?’’ : o

N.A.—““Lizy Ann. ‘She’s'mah wife.”” ¥
: ok e

‘We inspected the 'domains of the Chiet
Gardener the other day, and had aplot offer:
ed us, wherewith to dally, but our' editorial
back ached at the very thovught and we’re
going to keep on letting the other fellocw raisﬁe
the beets, and blisters, while we rely upon thé
generosity of our Constant Readers for our
summer squash, and salsify.

s O 17
