---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_080.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

F

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W Lo Pct W. L. Ect.

Printers 1 TS Ninth 5o 4 B

Cubs 5 4 556 Athletics 1 o ahit
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. a5 Pet:

New York 15 1 938 Cincinatti 8 11 421

~ Chicago 11 4 733 Brooklyn 6 10 375

Pittsburg S 87533 St. Louis 6 11 353

Philies 8 8 500 Boston ST &8

AMERICAN LAGUE STANDING

Wb asRcte W. L. Pect:

Boston 1276 66T Detroit 6 6 500

Cleveland 9 -7 563 St. Louis 6 9 400

Chicago 7 6 538 Athletics OREES: 400

New York 98 8 =529 Washingt'n 6 10 375

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the April 30th. Meeting of the Board of
Delegates, the following were admitted to
membership in the Club: B 9140, 9141, 9143,
9144, 9146, 9147, 9148, 9139, 9151; re-instated:
B 8896, 8684, 7453. The Report of the Treas-
urer showed a Balance of $202.45 in the Club
Treasury, a fact which speaks well for the
incorruptible integrity of the Custodian.

Receipts for the week, were: Saleof muslin
for Caps, $.30; Donations; $1.00; from Cir-
culating Library, $5.75. A donation of $1.00
was made during the week to the Kiddies’
Xmas Fund, by B 7307. Expenditures: to
B 7576, commission on sale of waste rags,
$3.86; to B 5845, for work on Caps, $.80.

0Old J. Pluvius threatened disaster for a
moment to the Saturday afternoon Outing of
the Club, and the 2d Section was lightly be-
sprinkled during their trip about the Insti-
tution, but the old gentleman relented when
he saw what a good time everybody was
going to have, and reserved his efforts till
the morrow.

Immediately upon disbandment of the Pa-
rade, the athletic contests were staged, and
furnished much amusement, both for contest-
ants, and spectators. ‘‘Legs’’ made a first-
rate Master of Ceremonies, and expendad
enough breath, in command, and argument
to have convinced the Kaiser he was in the
wrong, and won the war, if it had been put
into the right channel. B 8932 officiated as

Starter, and never did a Coney Island
‘‘barker’’ work harder, or was heard farther
than he.

The 50 yd. dash came first on the Pro-
gram and ended in a dead heat between B
8061 and B 9066, the later winning by a
«‘neck’’ in the run-off. In the 100 yd. sprint
which succeeded, B 8277, after being ‘‘pock-
eted’’ for half the course, took advantage of
an opening, went thru like a rabbit, and
had crossed the finish-line before his fellow
runners had missed him. A Match Race be-
tween Red, the Boiler-house ‘‘fire-alarm’’
and Barney, whose lifework is stealing bases
for the Printers. Their first essay was a
fizzle; Red developed a spavin, and folding

up like an accordion, while Barney ran a
race with himself, but this didn’t prevent
him from beating Red on the second attempt
tho that persevering person pursued him
right up close to the finish-line. The Spoon
& ‘“BEgg’’ race, which came next, was most
amusing; under the impression that real
eggs were to be used, these to become the
spoils of the winner, there were a number
of entries, and tho the enthusiasm of some
was dampened when it was discovered that
the ‘‘eggs’’ were made of yarn, enough re-
mained to make it merry for the spectators.
It needed several attempts to finish this race
successfully; B 9066 who seemed at first an
easy winner, was found to be disqualified,
somebody ‘‘snitched,’” and it was found that
he had cemented his ‘‘egg’ to the spoon
with chewing-gun. This naturally didn’t
“‘go’’ with the Judges, and it was run over,
all entrants being searched for chewing-gum,
and molasses; B 9921 being finally adjudged
the winner, after terrific disscusion, and
threats of an appeal to the Supreme Court,
or some such Tribunal. The Potato race
was a mad scramble, being won by B 9022, who
must have thought the ‘‘potatoes’ were ed-
ible, so wondrously did he slide to and from
his home “‘port.”’” The Bag Race after be-
ing apparently won by B 8959 was found to
be a ‘‘flivver,’”’ when it was discovered that
this gentleman’s bag was more of a dressing
gown, being without a bottom. On a second
attempt the same gentleman won, this time
“‘on the level.’”” The Fat Man’s Race, be-
tween B 8564, Al, the Biggest Thing in Cap-
tivity; B 8992, ‘‘Virginia’’ George; and B 8271
“Dandy’’ Davis, used up enough ‘‘steam’’ to
have taken six Transports to Europe. Al
after a gallant start fell behind in the ‘“‘quar-
ter,”’ and remained permanently in the ‘‘half’’
George finishing a good length ahead of
Davis, whose alibi was a “‘sore knee,”” you
know him, Al! The Three-legged Race
which followed was between three teams,
B 9022-8956; B 9066-8398; B 8817-9021; and
team No. 2 won, after an awful struggle
down the course, and are no doubt applying
for arnica at this moment. ;
The Standing High Jump soon narrowed
down from ten competitors to two, B 8430,
Red; and B 8363; Red winning by cleaning
the bar at 3ft. 4in. which leaves the world’g
record absolutely unendangered. The Running
High Jump speedily became a three-cornered
contest, between Red, Brooks, and 8363 when
the bar reached 4ft. 3in.,
action, shedding cap, coat, and shoes, but
failed to clear it, Red fell down next, and
when we say fell down, we mean it literally,
he came down, on his last attempt, with a
crash which made some of the more timid
members fear for a moment, that the- Ger-
mans had reached Philadelphia. Brooks, B-
7935, the winner, then attempted to beat his
record of 4ft.9in. but slipped on a banana-
peeling at the critical moment, and failed

B 8363 cleared for:

THE UMPIRE “"AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Biock.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.
FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,

also

$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Violin. ' Good make. Terms

reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $6 a dozen. Call and see
my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,

FOR SALE—Ladies’ bags; new style. Cheap.
Also have a ladie’s guitar. B 5449, 1 Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for Motber’s Day
post cards. Painted on white satin, 15c each..
No orders taken after May 6th. B 764%, 7 G.

WANTED—Shears: and scissors to sharpen
at 5c a pair. Satis. ovaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. BRR21,
8th Block.

FOR SALF—A good strong rocking-chair.
Going out soon. B 3043, 6 Block.

FOR SALE—Violin, $2.50. B 9057, 10 B.
—we but give his ‘‘alibi,’’ as he gave it us—
The Shot-put closed the day’s exhibition of
manly strength, and skill. There were many
entries in this, but few were chosen for the
finals. B 5779 gave it a start with a put of
24ft.5in, which was quickly run up past the
30ft. mark, then B 9055 stept up, and shot
the pill 37ft.5in, so startling Chick, B 7471,
that he gave it a mighty heave, and only the
quickest action by the ‘‘back-stops’’ preven-
ted Mr. Bailey from losiug a corner odf his
valuable green house. The distance was
found to be 38ft.2in, and we would suggest
to Chick, that the Germans might be able to
use him in the long range bcmbardment of
Paris. This completed the day’s events, and
left everybody feeling in the best of humors,
both ‘‘sports’’ and spectators.
: —B 8266, Secretary.

