---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_081.jpg
---
THIEUMPIRE

VOL. V

Phlladelphla, May 15, 1918

NO. 20

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game

The Printers had the Indian sign on B 8810,
the Athletic’s pitcher, in today’s game; and
those who didn’t get a hit, got a free pass;in
the 5th after the Printers had gathered in 3
runs, in that single session, Lavender went
in and tried to stay the tide of defeat, but
was touched up for 3 hits which resulted in 2
runs; but he made up for this by the way he
lifted the sphere over the 6th Block for a
home-run. Jake, pitching for the Printers,
was in most illiberal mood, only permitting
6 hits, and shutting down on free transporta-
tion entirely. The feature of the game
was the ‘A’s casualty list at first, and second.

Wednesday’s Game

The Cubs succeeded in beating the Ninth
to it, by 2 runs and 1 error in today’s game.
The Ninth’s defence must have left the In-
stitution, as the Cubs collected 7 runs from
only 8 hits, which looks good, or suspicious,
according to your sympathies.
Chick and Lucky, distinguished themselves
by repeatedly bringing hdme the bacon for
the Cubs. The Ninth rallied nobly in the 6th.
Larry hit a “‘homer,’” but it was a useless
effort. The next frame left them with a
goose-egg; and it was another lost cause.’

Thursday’s Game

The lowly A’s somewhat surprised the
Printers in today’s game, by tying up the
Score in the 5th inning, thru Baltimore’s
taking a chance and stealing 3d base, and
home. The Printers immediately got busy,
and Mack and Benny each scored a run;
while in the next inning, after the A’s had
fatally flivvered, Baum scored Bobby and
Stump, and came home himself on Mack’s
sacrifice; and here the game mercifully ended.

Friday’s Game

Harvey, pitching for the Ninth in today’s
game, had perfect control of the ball, but
couldrn’t control the Cub Batsmen, they nick-
ing him for 8 hits, and incidentally, the game.
It wasn’t until the very last inning that the
Ninth succeeded in digging up the lonesome
tally that saved them the disgrace of a kal-
somining; Johnny got a single, and the Man-
ager, in a brilliant moment, put Red in as a
pinch-hitter, and he beat out a three-bagger,
and brought Johnny home. Sheean was the
bright, particular star of the Cubs, with a
homer in the 6th, which scored Lucky, and
made the watchman in the 5th B]o_ck‘ corner
think a German plane haddropped something.

Sheean,

A MUSICAL EVENING
FOR THE E. S. P.

The U. S. Naval Reserve Band, from the
Great Lakes Training Station at Chicago;
who had been touring the country in the in-
terest of the Third Liberty Loan, were visi-
tors to this Institution on Monday evening
of last week, and for the space of an hour
charmed the music-lovers among our num-
ber, with such melody as—with due apologies
to our own Organization—is rarely heard
within these walls. They were a credit to
their Instructor, the great Sousa, sad his
absence was the one thing lacking from
what was otherwise for us, a perfect Roman
holiday.

Quite a gallery of visitors adorned the
Center, and enjoyed the concert with us;
notably, Mr. Dunlap, of the Board of In-
spectors, and family; Warden McKenty, and
family; Mr. Dipple, and a party of friends;
and Mr. Votaw, of the Prison Aid Society.

ORPHEUS VISITS THE E. S. P.

The Orpheus Club paid its annual visit to
the Institution, Monday evening, and sang
for the benefit of the Inmates, who always
look forward to their coming with a pleasant
anticipation of a delightful heur of song.

Their first Number was a war Song, with
Mr. Joyce taking the principal part; next
‘“‘De Sandman;’’ then the ever popular
‘‘Road Mandalay.’” Their next Number
was a Laughing Song which made a tremen-
dous hit with their hearers, and resulted
with an encore. Next was ‘‘Hark! The
Horn Awakes the Morn;”’ followed by
““‘Swing Along’’ a Song they sang on their
first coming here, and which has remained a
favorite ever since. The seventh Number

was ‘‘Hail! Land of Freedom;’’ then a quar-
tette of Popular War-Songs, ‘‘There’s a
Long, Long Trail; Over There; Keep The

Home Fires Burning, and Pack up your
Troubles in Your Old Kit Bag, and Smile,
Smile, Smile;’” and Mr. R. D. Woodruff, the
Leader asked the Inmates to join in the
Choruses, he leading the 4th and 5th Blocks,
while the Warden lead the 1st Block to a
triumphant conclusion, and Mr. Drayton,
and Mr. Waters, lead on the 7th. with such
success as to lead to repeated calls for a
speech, and the giving of three cheers for
the. entertainers. Then came the ‘‘Star
Spangled Banner,’’ with everybody standing
Attention, and so ended a Perfect Day

died

Rev T Wll]lam Dav1dson D D
May 9th., and his funeral services took place
Monday 13th at St. James P. E. Church.
Rev. l)r Harwood oﬁicmted

THE FRYING PAN.

If you don’t like the decisions of the
“Umps’’ keep your mouth shut. If you
don’t, you may get thirty days on the bench.

Did you write that letter home to your
Mother? If you didn’t, drop this paper, grab
pen and ink and send it off at once. Don’t
be a slacker.

Don’t think that you own the croquet
grounds and have the privilege to ‘‘sleep on
it.”” Play a game or two and then give
somebody else a chance.

The officers of the British Recruiting Mis-
sion paid a visit to this Institution on Friday
and interviewed a number of British subjects
who are desirous of enlisting in one of the
Allied Armies.

Chick, the affable manager of the ‘“‘Cubs’’
is now practicing on the art of dough-sling-
ing.”” Chick expects to be an expert baker
in the Army in the near future and wants all
the knowledge in that line he can acquire.

“Bill’’ donned his sailor uniform on Sat-
urday morning and looks fine in the garb of
“Ur}cle Sam’s’’ fighting men. He has been
rated as a first-class yeoman and is connected
with the Coast Accounting Dept. at League
Island.

The out-door sports which “Curley”’ advo-
cated several months ago have met with full
approval and under the able management of
the present Board of Governors of the Honor
and Friendship Club this healthful recreation
is meeting with great success.

If all reports are to be regarfed asauthen-
tic the Culinary Dept. is sadly in need of an
employment agency, in their endeavor to
keep that most important part of our village
in operation. ‘‘Cooks and Bakers may came
and go, but the Pot-Pie goes on forever,’’

Death laid its heavy hand on the house of
““Curley’’ last Thursday evening, when his
pet Canary passed into the Great Beyond
without a murmur. The funeral was held
the same ‘evening and the feathered one now
reposes on the bed of the Schuylkill.

‘“‘Jimmie’’ Johnson, a former official of the
Parole Dept., who is now stationed at Camp
Meade, Md., writes that he will be forced to
undergo a minor operation in the very near
future. ‘‘Jimmie’’ has a host of friends who
will be sorry to learn of his indisposition, and
we earnestly hope thathe shall have a speedy
recovery to perfect health. ,
