---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_082.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

#——————__“—

THE UMPIRE

W

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. g

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. :

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, May 15, 1918.

==———-_____=——__—_————-‘__————_—_—————_—_—"_—_
EIGHTY MEN

Some eighty of our fellows have been
given cause for rejoicing, by reason of the
generous action of the Board of Parole, at
its recent meeting. We extend to these
most fortunate of our fellow inmates, the
heartiest of congratulations, and beg leave
to express a sincere hope that they will use
the gift of freedom, and opportunity which
has been granted them, not unworthily.
That they will not bring discredit upon them-
selves, and injury to the chancesof their com-
rades, who must perforce remain behind, by
a weak yielding to the first temptation that
may beset them.

May they rather bear themselveslike men.
Greet the old ‘‘pal’” who slips up to you,
with a sidelong glance, and a roving eye for
a ‘‘cop,’”’ with a hearty handshake, and tell
him, if you will, that you spent the winter
“‘down South,’’ and explain your absence of
sun-burn by saying that it rained almost
every day; but don’t linger. Just remember
your going to be judged by the company you
keep, and pass ’em up; all “‘the old familiar
faces.”’ :

And above all work. There is absolutely
no excuse for any man with half his original
complement of arms, and legs, being idle in
these piping days of war. There’s work for
all, and you’re not going to have any trouble
in finding it. Chances are it will be wished
upon you, no matter how reluctant you may
be. But try and learn to love it, as you
would try tolove an heiress with a facelike an
abandoned farm. Stick to it as you would
stick to an irascible, but rich old uncle with
Bright’s disease; for verily you will have
your reward. The man who makes a real
success of life is the man who does a little
bit more than is expected of him; it is these
kind of men who have made Henry Ford
rich, and are paying the salaries of the In-
come Tax Collectors. If you want to be a
real success you’ve got to be an eighteen-
hour-a-day man, and not an eight-hour-a-day
—and short hours at that—man. The
strongest believer in the eight-hour day we
ever knew, spent eight hours on a street-
corner, another eight about equally divided
between saloon, and pool-room, and the re-
maining eight in bed. We must concede
that it worked;- he still faithful to the

eight-hour-day—in here, doing eight to
ten.
And booze. If you’re favorite tune is

““How dry I am,’’ and yeur closest compan-
ion a chronic thirst, get rid of both before
leaving, even if you have to call in Doc.
Hassell, and have an operation performed.

J. Barleycorn has accompanied more men

back here than Rube, or any other Parole
Officer, and if you ever look him in his mild,
red eye, and give any sign of recognition
you’re doomed. You might just as well step
over to the corner drug-store, and phone for
Rube; for you’ll be saving time by doing so.
It will only be a matter of days, or weeks at
the most anyway. If you ever set your foot
on that brass railing whic seems to be the
most powerful of all magnets, so far as
some men are concerned; and begin giving an
exhibition of your skill in piloting ‘‘sehoon-
ers’’ across the “‘bar;’’ until around midnight
you, metaphorically speaking, open the dikes
and flood all Holland, why, you might as
well prepare yourself to hear Tom Collins say
“‘Welcome home.’’

~ Eighty men, of all sorts and conditions, all
ages and nationalities; going out into the
world to begin life anew, under the most
auspicious conditions the newly discharged
prisoner ever knew. The able-bodied man
who walks ten squares in these days with-
out being offered a job, must do so under the
cover of darkness. In other days employers
—none too plentiful—were disposed to be cau-
tious and critical, but times have changed.
Now you are greeted like a long-lost brother,
and it is the Boss who strives to please, and
entreats you to be ‘‘just like one of the fam-
ily;’’ and as for the wages they're positively
sinful.

Any man of the eighty who returns here,
simply advertises himself as being unworthy
of the chance given him: advertises himself
as a weak-kneed incompetent who cannot
make headway, when every windis favorable;
advertises himself as preferring a life of
lawlessness; and.that sort of pleasure which
is as ashes in the mouth; to a life of honest,
and well-paid labor, and the contentment
which comes from such; advertises himself
the perfect fool. Plain language, and every
word of it meant.

IS BILIBID THE SOLUTION?

The Pennsylvania Prison Society, in its
latest Journal of Prison Discipline, suggests
sending penologists and particularly legis-
lators, to Bilibid. It is of the opinion that
after observing practical achievements in
prison work they might be more competent
to introduce the proper system in America.

Where is Bilibid? ‘‘“lTake the train for
San Francisco, engage passage on some lev-
iathan of the deep and get off probably at
the second station which is Manilla. Thence
it is a short excursion to Bilibid, a trip taken

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 8rd Thursdays each month
2 P M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

by twenty thousand visitors in a single year,
not to mention those who take involuntary
trips thither,’’ says the Journal.

“‘Forty buildings, seventeenacresof ground;
2,800 prisoners there; as many others in pris-
ons elsewhere in the islands but all co-ord-
inated under a central administration. The
great aim is to prepare inmates for ‘honor-
able positions in the community after their
release.” The men work and play.’”’ Here
are some of the industries in Bilibid:

1. Manufacture and repair of carriages,
wagons, carts, trucks, trailers, etec.

2. Household and office furniture made of
mahogany and other native beautiful woods.

3. Concrete work, construction of buildings.

4. Rattan and bamboo furniture. The fa-
mous fan-back chair is made there.

5. Hand-wrought articles in silver, gold
and other metals; shellwork, horn specialties.

6. Tailoring; service uniforms.

7. Steam laundry. All the work for the in-
side and a ‘‘considerable civilian trade.’’

8. Embroidery, lacemaking, crochet organ-
ized for the female department.

““Output per annum $350,000

“Profit for the Government $100,000

‘““There are two penal colonies on large
tracts of land, one of which the 1,200 colon-
ists practically have a government of their
own.

““The San Remon Farm is where the non-
Christian prisoners from Moroland are con-
fined,’”’ continues the report. ‘‘These war-
like people have admirable qualities when
treated properly, and three-fourths of the
inmates are at work on the extensive farm
without the presence of an armed guard.
Here is found the modern prison of the Or-
ient. ‘Built of reinforced concrete, with
grilled walls, dormitories, shower baths,
and with every modern feature for the com-
fort, health and reformation of prisoners
confined there, it has proved a wonderful
educational institution for the Moro.” The
entire credit for this building and the ad-
mirable system is due to the genius and
sagacity of the former governor, General
John J. Pershing.’’
