---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_083.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NEWS AND COMMENT

17,623 men are to be called from this State
in the next Draft quota. Better be lookin’
up your number. '

British lose in excess of 250,000 to date in
the great battle, and are crying for men.
And we’re so darn willing.

Nicaraugua has declared war against Ger-
many. It’s going to filter into the Kaiser’s
head some fine day that he’s getting himself
disliked.

The Right Rev. Denis J. Dougherty, Bishop
of Buffalo, named as successor to the late
Archbishop Prendergast in the Diocese of
Philadelphia.

Sauerkraut is to invade fashionable circles,
and be known there as ‘‘Liberty’’ cabbage.
Which doesn’t help us any; we always iden-
tified it by its odor.

Wife says Navy is too safe for husband;
insists on his joining the Army. To an un-
prejudiced observer it seems that someone
dosen’t like somebody.

The German name for the large tanks is
¢‘Sturmpanzerkraftwagen.’”” No Sammee is
ever going to try to pronounce that, they’ll
simply take it—for granted.

Americans suffer heavy gas attack. Ger-
mans send over 15,000 shells of mustard gas
in one evening. We didn’t know that condi-
tions in France were so much like home.

Camden ship-yard builds a ship in 27 days,

breaking all world records. And we always
thought that Camden was a place where
some Philadelphians went to sleep 0’ nights!

One of our Marine companies at the Front
loses 21 killed, and 140 wounded, out of a to-
tal of 250, in the argument with the Teuton as
to who shall inherit the earth. Can you con-
ceive of anything mere satisfying than to be
an Irish-American, and a Marine?

Liberty Loan oversubscribed a billion and
a half, approaching a total of $4,500, 000, 000.
Philadelphia goes $65,000,000 over its quota.
Some 17,000,000 individuals subscribe (includ-
Every State in the Union

ing some of us).
And we helped do it.

exceeds it’s quota.

The 104th. Mass., Regiment is the first
American force to be decorated as a body.
It received the Cross of War for its bravery
in repelling the German attack on Apremont
Wood. Does the Krench General, in such
case, kiss the Colonel only, or the entire
Regiment, we wonder?

THE SPIRIT OF McKENTYVILLE

"Tis the Spirit that maketh alive, and never
the Letter; ,

You may dot each I in the Law, and yet be
debtor;

There’s the more than the ‘‘making good,”
there’s the making better.

You may cleanse yourself of your stain, of
your streak of yellow;

But after you’re helped yourself, will you
give your fellow,

A helping hand. a cheering word, and a
smile that’s mellow?

To think but the best of yourself, as of
men in the making;

Of the goal that lieth ahead, of the day that
is breaking;

To smile and be cheerful still, tho the heart
be aching.

To let not the battle be lost for the lack of
the trying;

Was there ever a battle was won just by
moping, and sighing?

'Tis only the brave, and the steadfast in
heart that take no denying.

To strive, with tireless hands, and an iron
will,

To fashion a future good, from a by-gone ill;

Is not this the Spirit of McKentyville?

JUDGE WADHAMS IN FRANCE

Judge William H. Wadhams of the Court
of General Sessions, who organized the So-
ciety of Soldiers’ Families in America to
back up the United Statesin the war, arrived
in England recently. He will go to France
and confer with Gen. Pershing before re-
turning home. '

The object of the visit of Judge Wadhams
to England and France is two-fold. He be-
lieves that the 150,000 convicts now behind
prison bars in this country should be put to
work to help the American soldiers now in
France. Judge Wadhams contends that the
convicts could be transported to France and
their labor utilized behind the fighting lines
in stevedore and other work. ]

Under the existing regulations of the
United States service a felon cannot be ac-
cepted for service. But if Judge Wadhams
reports favorably on the practicability of us-
ing-convicts abroad it is possible that the reg-
ulations may be altered so that conviects who
desire to do so may be organized into bat-
talions or regiments by themselyes and sent
abroad for work behind the lines in road
building, repairing equipment or tasks along

other lines.
—N. Y. World.

Government takes over half of the output
of ““Velvet’” and ‘“Tuxedo’’ smoking tobacco,
and it is understood that the same action
will soon be taken as regards ‘‘Prince Al-
bert’’ and ‘‘Lucky Strike.”” It comes hard
to be a patriot these days.

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Give us this day our daily war-bread.

* *
*

If you can’t lick a Hun, you can at least

lick a Thrift Stamp!

* *
k

Our idea of a swell dresser is th: guy who
puts on a neck-tie to go after the diet.
&® *®
*
We tolerate a good many people, we like a
few, but we’ve ceased to trust even our own

self. :

* *
%

If Curly ever uses a ‘‘scare-crow’’ again to
protect his ‘‘sunken gardens,’’ he saysit will
be a steel-trap.

* *
*

Who is it photografs your map,

And asks you if you’re Jew, or Jap,

And if you’re good at shooting crap?
Tom Collins!

* *
*

Who is it takes you by the thumb,

And inks your paws, and says ‘‘By gum;

Your finger-prints show you’re a bum?”’
Tom Collins!

* *
k

May we suggest to Mr. Bailey that he try
crossing a watermelon, with a lemon, and a
sweet-potato; and so get that lemonade-plant
which is so sorely needed in our midst.

X *
*

Blackie —‘‘Lady, can’t you give me some-
thing? I haven’t had a mouthful for two days.

Miss Rosebud—*‘“Why certainly, you poor
creature. Take this chewing gum. It will
last a week.

* ¥ *

Prison foreman of gang unloading a box
car, to crew inside:

“‘How many of yese in that car?”’

Voice inside: ‘‘Foive.”’

Foreman: ‘‘Half of yese come out!”’

* *
*)

A New York policeman swore to the
following affidavit: ‘‘I hereby solemnly swear
that the prisoner set upon me, calling me an
ass, a precious dolt, a scare-crow, a raga-
muffin and an idiot, all of which I certify to
be true.’’

* 5 *

There is no law severe enough to punish
the Canton burglars who entered a home,
stole some ham and bacon, and left the fam-
ily with nothing but money in the house.
Speaking personally, we would never be
guilty of such a dastardly act.

* *
*

Willie— ‘“What are you doing with all those
charts and time tables?’’

Gillie—‘‘Those charts are lists of the var-
ious meatless, wheatless, and butterless days
in the various States. I am trying to figure
out a trip whereby I can get a ham sandwich
once a month.”’
