---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_084.jpg
---
R - %

- plaint coming on that score.
enough to sap the energies of the athletically

THE UMPIRE

2
E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. W. L. Pet.
Printers 9 2 818 Ninth HESRTRNEA 17
Cubs 8 4 667 Athletics 1 10 091
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. W. L. Pct.
New York 18° 8 857 Philies SN S HA 2 1
Chicago 14 6 700 Brooklyn 7 13 350
Pittsburg 11 9 550 St. Louis 7 14 333
Cincinatti 12 12 500 Boston 6 15 286
AMERICAN LAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pct. WA P Ct:
Boston 14 10 583 Washingt’'n 10 11 476

New York 13 10 565 St. Louis g 11 450
Cleveland 12 10 545 Athletics 9 12 429
Chicago 10 Detroit 7 11 389

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meeting of May, 7, 1918,
the following were admitted to membership
in the Club: B 9166—$2.00; 7600, 9158—10c;
9159, 9156, 9165, 9169, 9149, 9152, 9155, 9167,
6878, 8225, 6266, 9154, 9164, 9145, 9142, 9157,
9163. The Report of the Treasurer showed

.a Balance in the Club Treasury of $145.26.

A Resolution of the Board of Governors, that
the Interest accruing from the Liberty Bonds
held by the Club, be re-invested in War Sav-
ings Stamps, and a further sum of $1.00
weekly be devoted to the purchase of such
Stamps, was unanimously approved. So do
we do our little bit for Uncle Sam, and reap
our little reward of four-and-a-half per cent
for doing so. Receipts of the week were:
from the Circulating Library; $8.25; from
Donations, $2.20. Expenditures: Loan to
B 8226, $3.00; Subscription to Sunset Maga-
zine, 75¢; Money Order Fees, 83c; War Sav-
ings Stamp, $1.00.

The weather, Saturday, was all that could:

be desired, and the 1st Section had no com-
It wasn’t hot

inclined, neither was it so cool as tointerfere
with the strategy of the champions of the
chess, and draught-boards, who thickly in-
fested the ground. Even His Excellency,
the President, was heard to exclaim ‘‘Per-
fectly corking weather’’ as he missed his
second chance at a wicket on the Croquet-
ground—tho why he shou!d have blamed it
on the weather, beats us.

The Grand Marshal, A 8432, sniffed the
breeze on starting, and announced that he
felt fine, and that twice around would do
nicely, to the great disgust of those Sons of
Rest who believe that marching isn’t good
for the jaw-muscles. His Excellency, the
President, with his Staff, was on the review-
ing Stand, and applauded vigorously the fine
appearance of the 1st Block, as it swung
past in almost perfect unison; tho he was
seen to roll his eyes, “and groan at what
followed.

The Athletic Sports next engaged the at-
tention of the boys, and were the cause of a

great deal of amusement. There were four
entries for tbe first event up, the 50 yard
dash, and the result was a close finish be-
tween K. C.,B 8960, and Abe, B 8679, the
former being adjudged the winner by aneye-
lash; which seems to prove the Judge the
real old eagle-eyes. The 100-yard sprint was
next on the program, and necessitated two
heats from there being an over-supply of
ambitious ‘‘talent.”” B 9021, Slow-foot Pete,
won the first heat, but was easily out-dis-
tanced by B 7551, the Allentown Rabbit, in
the finals, and sic transit gloria mudi! The
next event was the always funny fat-men’s
race, and Dandy Davis’s sore knee having
disqualified him, the race was narrowed down
to Virginia George, and Al, our Captive
Colossus; Al took a practice run over the
course, and smoothed out the bumps as ef-
fectively as any steam-roller, and made a
flying start, but something happened to a
suspender button, and fearful of a resultant
catastrophe, he slowed up, and George was
an easy winner. Al’s only hope of winning
glory lies in our instituting a pie-eating con-
test to be decided on a capacity basis. Then
came the Bag Race, in which B 9022 carried
off the honors after galloping down the
course in a manner which proved him to be
first cousin to a grass-hopper. The next
was a special straight-away between B 7721,
Shanty-town Barney, and B 7425, William-
spot, result, Barney was left at the post,
and lost with perfect ease. There were five
entries in the Potato Race, and it was close
from start to finish; if the ‘‘potatoes’’ had
been French-fried the contestants wouldn’t
have struggled harder to secure them; B
8398, the Unterrified Champion of the 4th
Block, winning; tho closely pressed for the
decision by B 8999, the Pittsburg Kid, who
was all dolled up like a circus horse, and
seemed te think the judges should have
givem him the decision on ‘‘point.”” Six
entered for the Spoon Race, but B 8959
backed-out - when it was found that the

‘‘eggs’” which were to be carried were but -

a paltry imitation of the real article, and
wanted to know ‘‘what the spoon was good
for?’’ The Race was won by B 8398, after a
whispered conference with ‘‘Dude’’ his
trainer, who evidently had inside ‘‘info’’ on
just how to manipulate the thing.

The High Jump was a three-ring Circus in
itself; B 7039, Gordon, took a header over
the bar, turned a front flip, and came up
still smiling; B 8760, Rooney did an ‘‘Annette
Kellerman’’which won applause from the
crowd, finishing with the most difficult of
front hand-springs; and B 7825, ‘‘Jake,’’ did
a Yiddish somersault over the bar at 4ft.
even. - Brooks, B 7935, won this event by
clearing the bar at 4 ft. 6 inches. The Broad
Jump finished the day’s sports, being won by
Rooney, B 8760, who managed to cover 14 it
8 inches, without using his wings.

We haven’t any ‘‘dope’’ on. the ball-game

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify Tee UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢ . to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.
FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c¢ each, and horse-

hair links made to go on end of fobs 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.
FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms

reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $5 a dozen. - Call and see
my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,
FOR SALE—Ladies’ bags; new style. Cheap.’
Also have a ladie’s guitar = B 5449, 1 Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 5c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block.

FOR SALF—A good strong rocking chair.
Going out soon. B 3043, 6 Block.

FOR SALE—Violin, $3.50. B 9057, 10 B.

FOR SALE—A McFarland banjo, with case
and instructor. - Will sell reagonable B6451,
1st Block.

which followed, our only sight of the same
being a fleeting vision of Rube at the bat,
but we feel perfectly safe in asserting that
he at least, struck out. We must regret-
fully call the attention of the chap respon-
sible for the purloining of an H. F. C. catch-
er’s glove, and the substitution of an old one
in it’s place, to the fact that he is expected
to return it at the earliest possible date.
The H. F. C. is generous, and long-suffering,
and all the other adjectives, but we are pos-
itively not in the market for a trade, as that
party will find, if he doesn’t ‘‘come across.”’
—B 8266, Secretary.

POPULATION STATISTICS
Entered during week endlng May 11th, 14

Released *¢ 3 & & 10
Prison population & e[ 1(11

Latest serial Number 4 ‘“ B 9196
