---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_085.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V ‘

" Philadelphia, May 22, 1918
Fl

NO. 21

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game

Cubs vs. Athletics
‘“‘Victory as usual’’ was the motto of the
Cubs in their game with the A’s today. It
was rather an exciting game for the fans,
being replete with doubles-plays, three-bag-
gers, and a home run hit by Lavender which
scared the gold-fish in the fountain.
Bud did excellent work for the Cubs, and if
left alone would have won the game all by
himself.

R H. E.
Cubs 410030 8 5 1
Athletiecs 100111 4 6 0

Wednesday’s Game

Printers vs. Yankees

Up to the 6th inning the fans thought that
the change of name had turned the trick for
the Yanks, but it was then they proved that
cabbage by any other name would smell as
bad; and the Printers wrote ‘‘Victory as
usual’’, on their banners. The score was 2
to1lin favor of the Yanks, when Bobby
jumped the reservation, hit a homer which
tied the score, and so startled his comrades
that 8 runs were made in the inning; and the
Yanks were left out on the sand gasping for
breath.

R. H. E.
Printers OF1= 0503 18 251! 6 13 2
Yankees 200000 2 3 1

Thursday’s Game

Cubs vs. Athletics

Today’s game between the Cubs and Ath-
letics would have gone well on a vaudeville
stage, but for the fielders being such poor
actors. Clark lined out a two-bagger over
which n» less than sceven of the Cubs fell
withou. being able to retrieve it; while Davis
whaled one up on the Band room for four
sacks, and not a soul interfered with it en

route. ’Twas verilv a miracle that both
teams didn’t lose.

R e E.
Cubs 040001 5) 5 0
AdinliFe b alb @ @l 3 4 2

Friday’s Games

Printers vs. Yankees

Thru some trick of legerdemain the Print-
ers and the Yanks managed to pull off a
double-header today, and the Yanks proved
to everybody’s—including their own— satis-
faction, that a team by any other name
would do as bad; they being soundly trounced
by the Press-men in both games. The Print-

ers won the first game in the first round
with four singles, and a double which netted
them 7runs. Mack pitched for the Printers,
striking out 2, and allowing 1 hit. Mooney
pitched for the Yankees striking out 1 and
allowing 5 hits.

R. H. E.
Printers 0000100 1 2 1
Yankees 0020001 3 8 0

The second game was more prolonged,
with both sides changing pitchers in its
course, and was marked by Mooney’s gener-
osity in the 6th when he bowed Mack to 1st
base, amid the plaudits(!) of the fans, and
Jacoby’s serious attempt to knock a hole in

"the Chapel roof, which also netted him a

home-run. The Printers collected no less
than 13 hits off Mooney’s and Bud’s delivery
but the defence of the Yankees was so good
that a large casualty list resulted on the
bases, and only 7 runs resulted from so many
hits.

Monday’s Game

Printers vs. Cubs

To-day’s game between the Printers, and
the Cubs featured the greatest revival since
Billy Sunday started the business. Until
the 6th inning the Printers chances of win-
ning looked about as good as the Germans,
but then something happened; Spookie blew
up with a loud report, no less than eleven of
the Printers connecting, and when the smoke
had fully cleared away, there were 10 runs
for the Printers, and dismay for the Cubs.
It was one more example of Schrechlichkeit.
D. C. did what he could to save the situation
by knocking one over the Green-house in
hopes of losing the ball, but to no avail.

: 1%, 18l 18L
Printers 000 0 0 10 0 10 121
Cubs 103001 5 4 1

Umpires—Murphy and Count.

This week is Red Cross Week; another
$100,000,000 is needed. Come across! Also
it marks the opening of the War Chest for
contributions; and the giving of a day’s pay,
monthly, would be doing about as much as
could be expected. Even the pennies count
in this war. The War Chest, so called, is
simply a General Fund for war work, upon
which all Organizations doing such work may
draw when necessary, thus doing away with
constant, and often conflicting, collections,
by lumping them all in one continuing one.
Let’s all contribute. It’s our only way of
helping.

Italian Klag has been received and will be
in the Parade on Saturday.

NEWS AND COMMENT

British losses for one week total in killed,
5,666; wounded and missing, 36,046. And
we can only give our dollars.

American soldiers will go sockless during
summer months, in order to harden their
feet. This would be hard on some of our
local ‘‘silk-stocking’’ boys.

Germans are busily massing men, guns,
and ammunition in preparation for a resump-
tion of the great ‘‘drive.”” And Kaiser Bill
still holds the reins, and sits in the  driver’s
seat.

One of the defendants in the I. W. W.
trial at Chicago asks a postponement on the
plea that he had broken his arm in rolling a
cigarette. Our imagination is to weak to
picture what real work would do to a chap
like that. :

Capt. E. R. Breese, Marksmanship In-
structor in the National Army says that gray-
eyed men make the best shots; gray-blue be-
ing second, and blue third; then hazel, brown
and black, in order. Please, Mr. Baker, our
eyes are gray.

70,000 horses were killed for eating pur-
poses in France during the last year. 2,000
donkeys, and mules, and 300 horses are being
killed daily -at the present time. Which,
added to those we’ve consumed, explains the
high cost of horses.

The Fourth of July is saved from being
the date of the Willard-Fulton fight, the
same being definitely declared off by Col.
Miller, its promoter, who said the public was
“‘aunsympathetic.”’” And nobody has offered
a word of protest to their fighting the Huns.

Congress is considering the raising of the
draft age to 40 years. Which means we may
have to answer some embarassing questions,
and then get a neat little blue card which is
exchangeble for one rifle, and one suit of
khaki. Everybody write to their Congress-
man at once.

Aerial mail service established between
Washington and New York. President Wil-
son cancels, and autographs first stamp, which
is sold for the benefit of Red Cross. John
Wanamaker first purchaser of stamp in this
city. Local landing place in Bustleton. If
that mail-man should drop a bag of mail,
would they all be ‘‘dead letters.”’
