---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_086.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, May 22, 1918.

THE BORN CRIMINAL

Dr. Frank Crane asserts—and has the
powerful support of William J. Burns—that
there is no such thing as the born criminal,
and we, who meet scores of supposedly born
criminals every day, are heartily in agree-
ment with the gentlemen that there ‘‘aint
no sich animal.’”’ Born fools is the way we
would put it. Every time we take a half-
hour off, and dispassionately consider our
own past career, we feel a wild, and increas-
ing desire, to havesome tall, muscular, large-
footed party kick us where the kicking is
most good, and we don’t doubt that there
are those of our readers who have felt the
same way.

Environment, association, even reading,
may make the criminal, but the idea that
there are persons who are doomed from
their birth, to a life of lawlessness is perfect
bosh. It’s being born lazy, and the failure
of your fond, but misguided parents to sweat
it out of you with the bed-room slipper, or
the razor-strop, that makes men criminals.
It seems to be the highest ambition of the
modern youth to wear a ‘‘sport-suit,”” and
adorn a street-corner, and the greasy pair
of \overalls, and the full dinner-pail which
brings the Saturday pay-check doesn’t enter
into his scheme. He’d rather keep some
pool-room, or cigar-store proprietor from
feeling lonesome during the day, and then
walk eleven miles thru back-alleys, or over
muddy roads of a pitch-dark night; and come
back totown in the cold grey dawn about
three jumps ahead of a posse of irritated
farmers, armed with shot-guns, and loud,
harsh voices, and with about $3.46 in his
jeans to tide him over until the next night
when he will probably repeat the stunt, and
keep on repeating it until one day he hears
the Judge say, wearily, three to ten, or
seven to twelve, or some such numbers, and
knows himself retired from circulation
for the nonce. All Dbecause some loud-
mouthed companion had told him that he was
fitted for something better than chaperoning
a wheel-barrowful of bricks up a long-narrow
plank for about $3.50 for an eight-hour day;
the ‘‘something better’’ usually consisting
in shinning up a porch-post about 1 A. M.
while the L. M. C. kepta perfect watch below
—for his own safty.

THE UMPIRE

It’s all wrong. Born fools, born weaklings,
born idlers there are, but born criminals?
No!" And every one of the aforementioned
is possible of change. No fool there is but
can be divorced from his folly, no weakling
but can be made strong, no idler, but may
with the proper incentive become the most
industrious of men. It is shown here every
day: men come here whose hardest work on
the outside had been in the lifting of a tall
glass, or the knocking on a back-door, or the
holding out a hand, palm upward, ona street-
corner, and in here, with the goal of free-
dom in view, they become such marvels of
industry, as would have made them rivals of
John D. Rockefeller had they done the same
thing outside.

Eliminate booze, give every boy a thorough
schooling; find the thing he likes best, and is
best fitted to do; and teach how to do it; and
see that he gets his chance at it; and in a
decade the so-called ‘‘born criminal’’ would
be almost as extinct as the antimacassar; a
small town lock-up would hold them all. Of
course, while human nature remains what it
is, the crime passionel we will have always
with us, but that is beside the point; which
is, thatit is the joint failure of parents, and
society, in their treatment of the youth that
mostly makes criminals, and not any hered-
itary predisposition to such life.

WORKING THE CONVICT

It was announced yesterday, that the use
of able-bodied jail prisonersy and institutional
inmates for farm and War Garden work had
been given the sanction of the Food Admin-
istration, and that experiments along that
line were now in progress in several of the
eastern counties of this state. A report
made yesterday to Howard Heinz, State
Food Administator, by the State Board of
Public Charities show some interesting re-
sults.

Under a law passed by the last Legislature,
prisoners can be sent outside to perform
various forms of labor, the prison warden
being released from responsibility upon their
vonds for the security of the prisoners; In
Montgomery county prisoners are being
paroled by the Courts to assist farmers in
planting their crops this spring, and the re-
sults have been gratifying. In Bucks county
10 prisonersparoled by the Court havebeenput
to work in factories where they have proved
to be valuable laborers.

The State Board of Charities expresses a
hope that they may be able to extend the
system so that the jail population of the
State may become largely self-supporting.
It is the hope of the Board that results will
show the wisdom of continuing thisplan after
the end of the war, tho the present law only
permits the continuance of such labor system
for the duration of the struggle.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES . -

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
i R

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

MV
E. S. P. CHESS CLUB.

The club has opened its second yearly tour-
nament series. There are seven combatants
entered for the game, all seasoned and deter-
mined players, who are well prepared from a
long winters study of rules and intricate
moves, to put up a very interesting and earn-
est battle for their kings. These seven partici-
pants are best known in here as: Joe, Carl,
Harry, Green, Fred, Count and Harold, most
of whom have learned the game in here, but
having had very eminent teachers have at-
tained a standard of stragedy and fearless-
ness in their maneuvers that will even stand
the onslaught of any professional outsider who
might find time and pleasure to visit the In-
stitution, and have a try. Owing to lack of
floor space and sufficient encouragement from
those who are able to give both, the games
must be played in the open and also extended
to only those who are fortunate enough tohave
the privilege of the yard, and therefore the
rightspirit has not asyet, entered thesegames,
but it is hoped that some outside player will
take up the challenge given, and thus bring
the necessary life into a pastime, which is
not only a stamina to the mind, but also a
splendid way by which to avoid troubles and
worries that hunt around daily for victims in
a place of this kind. Chess is a clean and
uplifting game, let us cultivate it, and those
who are interested and willing to be patient
long enough to Jearn it have only to ask for
Joe, the Manager of the Club, who will take
your number, and later on give you a chance.
The first inning of the tournament is finished,
each participant having played the other six
once each, and they have yet to face cne
another five times more before the the victor
is known and can bring home the cup. The
scores of the first inning are as follows:

W=l e WIS o
Joe 6 0 0 Carl 2 A
Harry 5 =g Ered | 4
Harold 4 2 0 Green 1 v |

Count i 5 0
