---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_087.jpg
---
_———————-—-————;——_—_——____—_‘—“————'——

SEEN .THROUGH A PERISCOPE

At a recent meeting of the Baseball Man-
agers it was decided to change the name of
the Ninth Block team to ‘“Yanks.’’ This is
sure a fighting name and it behooves the
members of that team to live up to the same.

The members of Capt. Parker’s base-ball
team are very anxious to get a game with
one of the teams in the E. S. P. League.
It’s up to ‘‘Pete’’ to have this battle ar-
ranged and give the local talent a chance to
show just what they can do. Get busy,
‘“‘Pete’’, and fix it up.

‘‘Jimmie’’ Loan, who left the employ of
this Institution some time ago to accept an
advanced position ‘‘Somewhere in Jersey”’,
writes that he likes his new position and is
getting along fine. ‘‘Jimmie’s’” host of
friends will be pleased to know that he is
making good in this new undertaking.

Letters arrive every day from ex-grads.,
who are now with the National Army in
France. John W. McKenty, our Parole Offi-
cer, reeently received a letter from ‘‘Some-
where in France’’ that contained a beautiful-
ly pressed flower, which had been picked by
one of our men in the fields of battle-torn

Belgium.

Mr. Gillespie, the Master Mechanic, in-
forms us that the Storehouse ball grounds
will not be ready for use for several months
to come. This is indeed depressing news for
the ball players who were in hope that the
new scales would be quickly installed, but
something went wrong and we shall have to

wait.

In a recent letter from Frank Tees, who is
with the American Army ‘‘Somewhere in
France,’’ he states that the UMPIRE has
reached the ‘“Western Front’’ and that while
a terrific shell fire was in progress he was
quietly reading a copy of the ““Ump.”” The
world is small indeed when all is taken into

consideration.

DO YOU WANT TO GO TOO

Mr. Harry Hartmann, Secretary of the
Maryland Advisory Board of Pardon and Pa-
role, has completed the compilation of a list
showing the number of prisoners now con-
fined in the Penitentiary, and the House of
Correction, who will be eligible for Parole
under the law passed at tbe last session of
the Legislature. There are 870 prisoners in
the Penitentiary, and 215 in the House of
Correction, who will be automatically entitled
to have their cases reviewed by the Board,
beginning June 4, 1918.  All prisoners who
have served in excess of one year of their
sentence will be permitted to appeal to the
Board of Parole. And we were born in
Maryland, and voluntarily left it!

THE UMPIRE

SEE HOOVER

On bended knee, the housewife begs;

‘I pray you, but one dozen eggs!”’

The grocer’s cheeks with tears are wet,

His voice is wild with all regret;

“I’ve sold you two, if more you’d get,
See Hoover!”’

‘‘See you this gold? These yellow-backs?

O Mr. Butcher, take your axe,

And cut me but one T-bone steak!’’

Scarce could the butcher reply make;

‘““You’ve had your share, if more you’d take,
See Hoover!”

““A dozen rolls, in charity!

An old friend’s dropping into tea;

Or give me but one loaf of bread.’’

The baker sadly shakes his head,

‘““You’ve had your loaf, for more,’’ he said,
‘‘See Hoover!”’

‘““Here, bar-keep’, set ’em up again!’’

And down he slaps another ‘‘ten;”’

A tear is in the bar-keep’s eye,

In accents sad he makes reply;

‘“You’ve had one drink, if more you’d buy,
See Hoover!’’

‘““Waiter, another helping, please,
And bring me just a bit of cheese,’’
The waiter cries, ‘‘Alas! M’sieu’,
Your card’s been punched. What can I do?
If you would eat a meal for two,
See Hoover!”’ '

A WORD TO THE “FANS”

At a meeting of the E.S.P. League, Tues-
day, it was decided to change the name of
the Ninth Block team, and they were re-
christened the Yankees. The ‘‘Fans’’ are
congratulated, and thanked by the League
for the fine support they have given it, in a
financial way. The total of the recent col-
lection for material reaching a total of $45.00.
““Big Jack,”” was elected Manager of the
Cubs in place of the Esteemed Chick who

resigned.
—B 7612 Secretary.

Twenty of the prisoners.in the Dorchester,
New Brunswick, maritime penitentiary have
volunteered for service at the Front, and
and have been accepted with the assurance
that they will be pardoned at the end of the
war.

The first million tons of shipping in our
campaign to beat the submarine is com-
pleted. 159 vessels, of a total tonnage of
1,108,621 being completed up to May 11th.
And just wait ‘til Hog Island gets in its
stride!

Huge Government ordnance plant to be
reected on Neville’s Island in the Ohio river,
near Pittsburgh. It will cost $50,000,000,
and outrival even Kruppsinsize. When your
Uncle Ssm really wakes up, there’s always
something doing.

3

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Just what are you going to put in that War
Chest?

* *
%

If “pull’’ counts for any thing, our Dentist
should be able to get anything he would like
to have.

= . ®

We would like to call the attention of the
proper authorities to the fact that some of
the watch-dog’s voices need training.

*
4 *

First Seaman—¢‘“What’s the wriggling ob-
ject off there near the horizon?’’

Second Seaman—*“‘Guess it must be a ner-
vous wreck.”’

L

We regret to state that there are men in
this Institution, to whom the phrase, ‘‘Hats
off! The Flag goes by!”’ doesn’t mean a
single thing. It’s proven every Saturday.

* *
k

It is said that the people of Berlin must
go thru six Bureaus in order to buy a bag of
coal. Personally, we’ve gone through at least
as many bureaus without getting the where-
withal to buy a bag of peanuts.

¥ e *

When we think of the difference between
our own Three-Sixty a year, and that Dollar
a-Year wage of Schwab, Vanderlip, Ford, et.
al., we swell visibly. But when we begin to
compare results! That’s when we shrivel
up!

* . *

Our Stenog’ says tbat a man deserves tobe
a door-mat, who will sign himself, ‘“Your
humble and obedient servant;’”” and after
hurriedly reviewing our correspondence for
the last six months, and deciding that noth-
ing personal was intended we heartily agreed

with him.

*
% *

There is a report current on the 11th Block
that a certain War Gardener, who is more
bookish than bucolic, planted his onion-sets
upside down, under the impression that the
tops were the roots thereof; and that after
the recent rain, only by the most desperate
efforts did he succeed in reversing them, be-
fore they had gotten beyond the reach of
digging.

* 5 *
If you want another chance;
If you’d like to go to France,
Follow, when the Flags advance;
See the Board!

If you’ve gotta make a, ‘‘kick’’
Don’t hang back but do it quick;
There’e a chanch you’ll turn the trick;
See the Warden! ]
If you’re pale about tte ‘‘gills’’
Got the ‘‘scratches’” mumps, or chills;
And you feel you need some pills,
See the Doctor!
