---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_088.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

~

e
—_—_—__—————————_-_—_—'—

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect. W. L. Pct.

Printers 13 2 867 Yankees 5 10 333

Cubs 9 4 692 Athletics 1 11 083
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect. We L. #Pet.

New York 217750 Philies 11 15 423

Chicago 17 10 630 Brooklyn 10 16 385

Cincinatti 17 13 567 Boston 10 ST 357

Pittsburg 14 12 538 St. Louis 9 18 333

AMERICAN LAGUE STANDING

Wl P ct. W. L. Pet.

Boston 19 10 655 St. Louis 12 13 480

Chicago 14 11 560 Washingt’'n 13 15 464

New York 15 13 536 Athletics 12 15  44d

Cleveland by kL Gk Detroit 7 16 304

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the May 14th meeting of the Board of
Delegates, the following were admitted to
membership in the Club—B 9171-25¢; 9176-10;
9161, 9153, 9128, 9172, 9183, 9174, 9179, 9173,
9180, 9181, 9182, 9175. The report of the
Treasurer showed a balance of $45.55 in the
Club Treasury. Receipts of the week were—
Donations, $.35; Collection to purchase Amer-
ican Flag for 11th Block, $6.65, from Circu-
lating Library, $5.75. Expenditures—1 Doz,
basedalls, $1.00; War Saving Stamps, $1.00;
1 American Flag $6.50. Two new Delegates
were appointed to fill the vacancies during
the week, B 8398 for the 5th Block; B 5165
for the 6th Gallery. A Gift of one Dozen
baseballs received from Mr. Connie Mack of
the Athletics, and we are properly grateful
to that gentleman for his generous action.

The boys of the Second Section found a
real Tailor-made Day awaiting them when
they issued forth for their bi-monthly Outing,
on last Saturday afternoon. Sun and wind
were mingled in just the right proportions,
and with feet all ‘“fussed up’’ by the inspir-
ing music rendered by the Professor, and
his indefatigable Band, the Aides had some
job in persuading ‘‘Pete’’ to quit, for he
showed symptoms of wanting to march all
afternoon. The 4th Block, as a reward for
their good work on their previous appear-
ance, had the place of honor in line, and we
warn the 1st Block that it is going to have
a worthy rival in its campaign to win the
Tea-wagon that Curley intends presenting to
the best; marching contingent of the Sum-
mer. After the parade had successfully
wound itself up into a ball, with the Band
at the center, and was disbanded, the boys
gathered to watch, and participate in, the
Grand Carnival of Sports, as some past Cir-
cus employee was heard to name it. There
was plenty of fun in this, and almost enough
peanuts to go around.

The 50 yds. dash had so many entries as
to necessitate the running of three heats,
and a final to sift ’em out. After much ex-
citement, and many false starts, B 8963
(West Indian Cliff)managed to fall over the

finish-line a winner.. The 100 yds, had four
entries, Slow-foot Pete (B 9021); K.C. (B
8960); Rag-time Lee (B 9066); and the Al-
lentown Rabbit (B 8631), last week’s winner;
after a bitter struggle K.C. won out. It
was then that challenges flew thick andfast,
and next week there’s sure to be something
doing in this event. It was at this moment
that His Excellency the President put in his
appearance, cuddling a Mysterious Bundle to
his bosom; after a whispered conference
with ‘‘Pete,’’ the Announcer megaphoned
the glad tidings that a Peanut Race would be
substituted for the Potato Race, with real,
live, hump-backed, double-jointed Virginia
tubers as victims, and nothing barred except
gouging. To judge by the number of entries
for this race, one who wasn’t in the ‘‘know”’
would have thought them Pardons! By a
process of rejecting all the long-fingered en-
trants the number was gotten down to 14,
—the course holds but twelve, but two others
managed to “‘horn in,”” and they were off!
What made it so attractive was that the
winner was to keep the peanuts, and the
seramble that ensued would have made Von
Hindenburg laugh. It was a ‘‘dead-heat’’ be-
tween B 8817, and B 9022, and Rube had to
be called in todivide the peanuts. Coney Is-
land Eddie lost his voice after engineering
this race, and Curly had the megaphone
wished upon him, with the direction of af-
fairs. His method of starting the Fat men’s
Race reminded us very much of drop-the
handkerchief, but it certainly worked, A
“‘dark’’ horse appeared to fight for honors
with those old foes, Virginia George (B 8992)
Dandy Davis (B 8271;) Elephant Al (B 8564;)
in the person of Hen Halley, (B 8132,) who
turned out to be a camouflaged Comet. The
Race was postponed a few minutes while Al
changed shoes—thus looking out for the
needed alibi—and then Curly cleared the
track with a bellow which made the
spectators think something had escaped from
the Zoo, and they were off. George hit the
cinders first, closely pressed by Davis, who
in turn was jammed into the wall by Al
this"caused George to rebound, and in doing
so, he struck the Comet between wind and
water, startling that gentleman so that he
made a wild leap toward the finish-line, and
safety; and crossed the same an easy winner.
But Curly couldn’t see it, and declared that
it would have to be run over, thus showing
himself to be quite heartless. Virginia George
made loud, and spirited protest ‘“You know,
I’m from the 3d Block, and my ticker is on
the bum, ete, ete,”” and fimally won Curly
to his point of view.

The Games were concluded with the high
jumping, which produced a varied lot of talent,
ranging from those who could about jump
a board-bill, when the land lady’s back was
turned; to those capable of jumping a seven-
rail fence with a bull-dog after them. Inch
by inch the bar was elevated until the con-

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad’”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. *¥
TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.
TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—One clariiét and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE-—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block. ;
FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.
WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 5¢ a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.
UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block.

FOR SALF—A good strong rocking-chair.
Going out soon. B 3043, 6 Block.

FOR SALE—Violin, $3.50. B 9057, 10 B.
FOR SALE—A McFarland banjo, with case
and instructor. Will sell reasonable. B6451,
1st Block.

FOR SALE—Lady’s guitar. B 5449, 1st B.
BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15c each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5c each.

FOR SALE—Victor talking-machine with 50
records. Price $8.00. B 9043, 11th Block.
FOR SALE—An accordion in the best of
condition. Almost new. Double keys.
B 5313, 6th Block.

test finally narrowed down to following four
lineal descendants of Steve Brodie; B 8679,
the Kangaroo Kid; B 8132, Henry the Eight;
B 7935, the Educated Flea; and B 7788, the
Donegal Leaper; each man cleared the bar
until Henry tried to go to sleep on it, and it
broke in twain; loud calls for string, no
string forthcoming. Someone said ‘‘Legs’’
had an old pair of shoe-strings; he did, but
they were in his shoes. Five minutes inter-
mission while an attempt was made to have
him donate them to the Club; finally on
Curly’s promising him a new pair of shoes
for them, he got generous, and the bar was
repaired. The Kangaroo Kid was the next
%o lose out, leaving the battle to Lavender,
and Brooks, and to the surprise of everybody
Lavender soon disposed of Brooks, by clear-
ing the bar at 4ft. 11 in. It is understood he
will train for the Marathon Races after this
cruel war is over.
