---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_089.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia, May 29, 1918

NO. 22

'PRISONERS PLEDGE $120

Spirit which led workmen in the repair
shop of the General Electric Company to
hand his tools to the only one of their num-
ber who did not pledge money to the War
Chest explains the $10,231,987 total reported
for this and Montgomery Counties at yester-
day’s meeting of War Chest workers. The
campaign will continue until Wednesday at
least, while industrial firms will be canvassed
until the last one has been seen. This indi-
cates that the quota of $20,000,000 for the
five counties, Philadelphia’s share of which
is already over-pledged, will be exceeded.

J. W. Luecas, for the industrial employes’
division, submitted an incomplete report for
© $343,666,96: Of this $315,000 came from
Baldwin’s Locomotive Works. He told of the
action of workmen at the repair shops of the
electric company. The workman in question
was ‘‘seen’’ by the men themselves, and
when he refused to give even a nominal sum
of twenty-five or fifty cents a month, his
tools were taken to the door of the shep and
he was told to ‘‘get’” and not to come back.

Inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary
showed a similar zeal for the War Chest in a
contribution by the Honor and Friendship
Club of the institution it was for $120, to be
paid from the club treasury. The treasury
is filled by dues of a very few cents a month
from the inmates. A resolution wasadopted
in making the pledge and was read to the
War Chest workers at the Bellevue-Stratford
by E.J. Lafferty, captain of the team for
0ld York Road, but a member of the Board
of Inspectors of the Penitentiary, It follows:

Their Resolatior

Their Board of Delegates of the Honor
and Friendship Club of the Eastern State
Penitentiary.

Be it hereby resolved that we, the board of
Delegates, ete., being debarred by our past
follies from doing that which we would
most wish to do, that is to take our place in
factory, on the farm or on the firing line

and to do our little part in preserving that’

liberty which is perhaps most dear tous, who
have forfeited it; and who would willingly
and gladly work and and fight and die for
the country of our birth or our adoption;
whose heart’s desire it is to prove by service
and sacrifice that, though we have lost much
we have not yet lost that love of country
which is our enduring heritage, and do here-
by authorize to be paid as the contribution of
said Honor and Friendship Club to the War
Chest of Philadelphia and vicinity the sum of

$10 monthly so long as the need for such con-
tribution may exit.

The resolution is signed by ‘‘A 8432, Chair-
man’’ and ‘‘B 8266, Secretary.’’ The first
is a life prisoner. i

The contribution was made after Warden
‘Bob’” MeKenty explained the War Chest
to the men. -

WHAT HAVE YOU DONE IN
FREEDOM’S NOBLE CAUSE?

What have you done in Freedom’s noble
cause?

Where were you when the world in chaos
raved?

These are the words the world some day shall
ask

Of you, my friend,—what shall your answer
be?

A blush of shame,an earthward bended brow?

A shunning of the patriot’s searching eye?

A cowardly withdrawing from the voice that
asks,

“‘Pray, what did you do to save the stars and
stripes?’’

Or a bold eye with concious pride a flame,

Meeting the other’s stern gaze unafraid?

A heav’nward tilted chin, bespeaking mind
at ease,

Meeting that mighty question unashamed?

And you speaking in answer to that voice,

Though in the trenches, amid shot and shell

On No-Man’s Land, Huns I have not fought,

Nor drenched with my life-blood our allie’s
soil.

Nor gave a limb, nor show I can those
wounds,

A warrior’s pride; nor the medallion bright,

Received for deeds heroic on the battlefield

In fealthy done to our beloved flag.

But what I could, such have done, thank

God!

Such as my hard earned savings could pro-
duce;

I gave the money earned with blood and
sweat,

In solitude—and helped to win the war.

Boys, tho you be not called upon to yield,
Your young life’s blood on the embattlcd

plains;

Yet know, each cent you give for cur great
Cause,

A pear] shall be to grace chaste Freedom’s
crown:

THE WAR CHEST

As we go to piress the work is still in
progress; a full report will be given in our
next issue.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game

. Athletics vs. Yankees

The A’s win a game once in ‘‘so often’’
and unfortunately for the Yanks, to-day
happened to be that ‘‘so often’’ date. No-
body can say that their victory was due to
any generesity on the Yankees part, for
those interesting invalids did their durndest.
Williams, Bud, and Paddy pulling off double-
plays, and Doc’ nobly sacrificing himself on
Costello’s alter of necessity, but the A’s
were out to win, and so refute the base slan-
derers who say that they have forgotten
how to do that little thing, and so Mooney,
and Saxaphone, did a little double-playing
of their own while Frank held the- Yank’s
down to 5 hits.

152, H. E.
A’s @Al b g atai@se 11 2
Yankees1 0001101 4 5 1

Wednesday’s Game

Cubs vs. Printers

The Cubs got next to Mack’s delivery in
to-day’s game, and after Slick, Lucky and
Willie had collected two-baggers, and prac-
tically everybody else had garnered a single, .
the Printers consented to admit themselves
beaten. They can’t blame D. C. for their
losing for he was as liberal as possible with
passes to first—some of the fans wanted to
know if he was working for the Printers—
but the Cub defense was like the Allied Line,
it would bend badly, but wouldn’t break.
Only three got thru.

Ry S HEeE )
Cubs AR ISOS0E530) e Ll
Printers IROR0SIROED S S ()

Friday’s Game
Cubs vs. Printers
The Cubs were ‘‘Lucky’’ in to day’s game
and succeeded in putting it over on the Prin-
ters to the tune of 6 to 4. The whole game
was a personal battle between Lucky and
Jacoby to see who could most disfigure the
score-card, and Lucky won despite Jaccby’s '
two home-runs. D. C. piwched for the Cubs
stricking out six, walking three, allowing 11
hits, and 1 hit by pitched ball, while Jacoby

for the Printers siruck out 12, and also al-
lowed 11 sits, and 1 nic by pitched baii, and
why beth teams d.dn’t win we cantdiscover.
. 1 E.
Cubs OEOEIEEE2E(E3 et 11 1
Printers. 6§ 6 300010 4 11 2
