---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_090.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

-_—______________________d‘_————————_—'—____'

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. )

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

= Philadelphia, May 29, 1918.

e
GOOD INTENTIONS

Once more General Foch provides us with
atext,-werather like the General, he’s as good
a talker as he is fighter —and he says, ‘I
have no use for people who are said to be
animated by good intentiens. Good inten-
tions are not enough: I want people who are
determined to get there.”’

Good intentions are probably the most
plentiful commodity in the world—and if not
translated inte action, probably the most
useless. There are undoubtedly enough good
intentions interned within the walls of the
E. S. P. to stop the war, and bring the mil-
lenium topass at once, but the cruel factofthe
matter is, that 99% of them are doomed to
die in earliest infancy, without so mueh as
approaching the manhood of performance.
Perhaps in a corner, perhaps with a flourish
of trumpets—most the latter—you announce
that you are not going to steal again, or lie
again, or drink again; that you are going
cut and get a job, or an education, or a di-
vorce, and it sounds so sweetly mellifluous
that you at once say it over again, while your
audience applauds softly, your chest swells
visibly, and you go about the Yard wearing
that pale, earnest, early-christian-martyr
look which goes so well with a clean shave;
and the time comes for your leaving, and a
relieved Overseer shakes your hand, and
wishes you ‘‘God-speed,’” and you feel those
good intentions to be right on the job, but
when the gate swings shut behind you, Oh!
What a change is there, my countrymen!

The farther you get from that Gate, the
weaker grow those good intentions, and
about the third pair of swinging doors you
see,—if you’re still on speaking terms with
your conscience—‘‘Well, I'll just take one
little drink, to show that I can take it or
leave it alone,’”” and half-an-hour later you’re
telling a total stranger in a white apron
about how your wife left you for a hand-
somer man, and you go out and commit
bigamy, or go into politics, and in about
three months, or less, Rube, or Bob Meyers
are starring with you in a revised version of
Back to the Old Homestead. Sure, yourinten-
tionswereall right, youreallyintended to climb
on the water-wagon for a long stay, and ad-
vertise for the owner of the Ferry ticket you
found on the street-car, but the determina-
tion was lacking.

It takes a triple-plated, nickle steel will,to
resist the temptations the streets, and one’s
old companions, offer. But the reward is
worth the effort. Never were there so many
chances for a man who is determined to be
something as now. Any man with at least
one leg, and a reasonable quantity of arms—
brains don’t matter, common-sence is vastly
better—who has staying qualities—and by
staying qualities we don’t mean the ability
to stay ont late at night, but the ability to
stay with a job—can figure in the Income Tax
List within a decade, unless he has a persist-
ent run of bad luck, and becomes Governor,
or Congressman, or if he should measure suc-
cess in life by some other standard than that
of dollars, he can make such foot-prints in
the sands of time, as will cause people to
come from East Samarkand, Asia, to wonder
at, and admire. Good intentions are all
right in a way, no one can succeed with bad,
but they need tobe backed up by a determined
will which neither time, nor place, nor cir-
cumstance can change.

NOW MANY OF US ARE
THE PRISON SLACKERS?

In the following article the Editor of the
New Era explains what a prison slacker
really is. How many of them have we here?

A prison slacker is a walking politician
who spends most of his time preparing ‘“'plau-
sible’’ excuses for being exempted from
‘work.

A prison slacker is one who constantly
‘bombards prison officials with petty tell-tales
and magnified gossip of little truth and less
importance, in order to promote his own
welfare and for the sake of personal gain.

A prison slacker is a ‘‘moocher’” who con-
stantly attempts to live at the expense of
others, who could purchase the little luxuries
of life, but refuses to spend the money.

A prison slacker is a man who hustles to
the doctor early in the morning and complains
of every imaginable ailment in order to es-
cape work for the day.

A prison slacker is a beggar, who under
the pretense of poverty and ‘‘necessity’’
solicits contributions for tobacco, books and
various supplies from liberally inclined cor-
respondents who often can ill afford such
donations.

A prison slacker is a person who heedlessly
violates prison rules that seriously jeopardize
the welfare of the entire prison community.

A prison slacker is amoral coward who is

afraid to assume the responsibility for his
own mistakes.

A prison slacker is a despicable character
who clips women’s names anda photographs
from newspapers and magazines, and wil-
fully plays upon their sympathies, imploring
them through misrepresentations t{o send
him money he does not need. v

A prison slacker is that individual who

always blames some one else for bis down-
fall.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday merning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

FEpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday eaeh month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 P.M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

1
A prison slacker is a mistake in mud mix-
ing—a specimen of manhood who is always
down and out, an excuse of a human who
will trim his best friends—a has-been who
can never get anywhere because of his moth-
eaten ideas and age-worn theories.

THE TWENTY-THIRD PSALM AS REVISED
BY THE KAISER

The Lord is my own particular German '
Shepherd; I shall not want, though a few of
my subjects may suffer temporary inconven-
ience. :

He maketh me to lie down in green pastures,
formerly the property of Belgium, France,
Rumania, Russia and Servia, but now my
own, because I have been allowed to lie there.
He leadeth me beside the still waters of the
Dardanelles, which I will keep forever after.

He restoreth my soul, but says nothing
about restoring the devastated portions of
France, Belgium and Servia, so I can’t be
expected to do it. He leadeth me in the
paths of righteousness for his name’s-sake,
thus showing that those who consider my
glorious deeds to be wrongare hopeless idiots.

1f he leadeth me in the paths of righteous-
ness, there can be nothing wrong in Kkilling
women and children and encouraging my
brave troops to acts of frightfulness in order
to make my enemies respect me.

Yea, though I walk through the valley of
the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for
Thouw art with me, and Thy rod and 1Hany
staff shall comfort me, and my mailed fist,
and my shining sword will do the rest.

Thou preparest a table before me in the
presence of mine enemies by giving me the
Russian wheat-fields, through the grace of
the Bolsheviki. Thou anointest my head
with oil, by giving me the Rumanian oil well;
my cup runneth over, though not so much as
it will, when I have my will on the foul and
traitorous Americans.

Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me
all the days of my life and I will dwell in
the house of the Lord forever. If I find any
one elge trying to crowd in with me, I'll do
my best to have him sunk without a trace.

— The Committee on Public Information.
