---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_091.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NEWS AND COMMENT

America will have 1,000,000 men in France
by July 4th; double that number by Christ-
mas, and after that something’s due to
happen.

The Germans are reported to have a total
of 3,600,000 men on the Western Front, 1,900, -
000 of whom are massed in preparation for
the final drive. Backwards?

Major Lufberry, greatest of American fly-
ing men, meets his death in an aerial en-
counter with Hun flyers on the Western
Front. Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori.

““Why limit the Army to 5,000,000?"" asks
President Wilson, in a New York address on
the opening of the Red Cross Campaign for
$100,000,000. Yep, make it 5,001,400, Mr.
President.

Villa is again doing business at the old
stand. Report has him threatening Juarez
with a large force under his personal com-
mand. And we thought him safely in the
‘““‘Movies.”’

The cost of the U. S. for the coming fiscal
year will be in excess af twenty-five billions,
or more than two hundred and fifty dollars
for every man woman and child, in thecountry.
And where our two hundred and fifty isgoing
to come from we don’t know.

Five hundred leaders of the Sinn Fein Party,
arrested and deported from Ireland, in order
to prevent a threatened uprising, including a
prospective landing of German troops. Funny
the Irish couldn’t be satisfied with a public
quarrel, but should need to start a private one.

Sproul and Beidleman were victors in the
May 21st Primaries for the Republican nom-
ination for Governor and Lieutenant-Govern-
or, respectively; while Judge Bonniwell leads
the Democratic ticket. And Curly will be
buying cigars for the remainder of his stay.

American troops now hold 15 miles of

Front, in four different sectors of the line;
at one point where the German push has
been the hardest. This is a greater length
of line than is held by the Belgian Army.
Well, we’ve passed little Belgium, at any

rate.

The aerial mail service between New York
and Washington, via this city, is a marked
success. The average time is slightly in ex-
cess of three hours, thus bettering by more
than two hours the fastest express time.
This is fastar than we would care to have a
letter of ours travel. We're afraid the sen-
timent might cool.

IN MEMORIAM—I1918

We have no flowers, to take and strew,
Over the low green mounds of you;
O wearers of the Blue, the Gray!
We have, alas! to little claim;
Who wear the livery of shame,
And are so less than men to-day;
To do you honor in men’s sight;
Who bore you well in that Great Fight,
And kept that safe, we tosst away.

You saved a Nation, freed a Race;
To-day your grand-sons take your place,
Beneath the old Red, White, and Blue:
To stem a world-wide tyranny;
To make all peoples ever free;
To such task consecrate, and true,
And we, blood-brothers to them all,
Who may not answer to that call,
Do give them each their fitting due.

Unto the dead, our heads are bowed;
We to the living, cry aloud,
“‘Give you, as e’er your fathers gave!”
Better the heart’s last drop were shed,
Than alien flag wave overhead.
—None but 0ld Glory there must wave!—
To you, whose fight is o’er, and done;
To you, whose fight is but begun;
We give such honor as we crave.

A WORKERS CREED

Charlotte Perkine Gilman

To keep my health!
To do my work!
To live!
Never to look behind me for an hour!
To see to it I grow and gain and give!
To wait in weakness, and to walk in power,
But always fronting forward to the light,
Always, and always facing toward to right.
Robbed, starved, defeated, fallen, wide as-
tray —
On, with what strength I have!
Back to the way!

E. S. P. CHESS CLUB

The scores of the running tournament

games stand, at the close of the second

inning, as follows:

W b Wl te IR

Harry g Car] 6 6 0

Joe 0 2ae <0i7vEred 3 g 1

Harold 7t 5 0 Green 2 GE|
Count 2l 0

The whole question of aeroplane produc-
tion seems to be up in the air, (1) with Pres-
ident Wilson following Teddy’s example,
and starting an Ananias ¢lub for his very
own, with Gutzon: Borglum for charter mem-
ber. And meanwhile, where are those 25,000
planes which were to overwhelm Germany,
and win the war?

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Mabe its ‘“‘Beans’’ today!

* %
£ 3

Our Stenog’ says that a reel test of one’s
fitness for the Aviation Service, is the ability
to remain calm with five Inspectors loeking
you in the eye.

k *
%

What is it that were waiting for?
Pardon? A chance to go to war?
Parole? Nothing sosmall as that.

We’re waiting for the first tomat’.

* *
%

Fritz—‘‘The Germans have a gun that will
kill you 75 miles away.’’
Sammy— ‘‘That’s nothing. All our gunners

need is your post office address.’’

k k
*

Hubby— ‘‘One night while you were away,
I heard a burglar. You should have seen
me going down stairs three steps at a time.”
Wifey—‘‘Where was he on the roof?”’
& 3k
sk

It is reported that ‘‘Bob’’ and ‘“*Joe’’ each
kept a protecting hand glued to their scalp
lock during their stay in Omaha, but were
fortunate enough to escape without meeting

a single Indian.
* *

%
Dusty Rhodes—‘“What’s a bath robe,
Weary?’’
Weary Willie—‘‘I ’tink it’s a water-proof
something you’s wear so’s you won't get wet
when you’s take a bath.”
*: o %k
One of Curly’s radishes sickened and died
the other day under very suspicious circum-
stances, but a post-mortem showed that an
Australian rabbit had merely been staying
his hunger with its succulent roots; but
Curly’s sympathies are all with the Allies
and no international complications are ex-
pected to result therefrom.

* *
%

It saddens us to think that so long as
there are onions, people will probably persist
in the reprehensible practice of eating them.
We met a War Gardeuner friend of ours the
other day, and his breath smelled like the
Reedy Island Flats of an August merning
when the tide’s out, and when we begged
him to tell us if the Doc. had given him up
he wearily remarked, ‘‘Spring onions,’” and
left us. :

* *

=

With all due respect to Mr. Bonsal, we’re
going to report—literally—the following as
overheard in the yard:

““H’lo Bill! Wharju go jus’ now?

“Noplace. Wuz lookin’ aloverferyu.”’

““Whad ju going t’do now?”’

«‘Nuthin. Jus’ stickaroun’.”’

“‘Aint that pitcher a bum?”’

¢Uhuh. Djever see a wurcewun?”’
«Nkuh. Lesgwin. Heeza dead one.””
“Nope. Gotta staynsee a guy.
