---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_092.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. W. L. Pect.
Printers 14 4Rs Yankees 6 28383
Cubs 11 § 687 Athletics 21N 2 8143

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York 23 1 O 697 | Philies 14 . 18 437
Chicago 22 11 667 Boston 14 19 424
Cincinatti 20 17 541 St. Louis 12 21 364
Pittsburg 16" 15" 500 ' Brooklyn 12 21 364

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wl Betit WL Pet:
Boston 21881 SMEGTR Cleveland 18 17 514
New York 19" 14 576 Athletics 14 17 452
Chicago 15 14 517 Washingt'n 15 19 441
St. Louis 16 15 516 Detroit 9 18 333

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate meeting on Tuesday May
- 21st. 1918 the following were admitted to
membership in the Club: B 9188—$1.00; B 9190
25c; 9187, 9184, 9193, 9192, 9194, 9185 9189,
9162, 9178, 9195, 8038, 9191,

Treasurers report showed the same Balance
as the proceeding week $45.55. The Expendi-
tures of the week were: to Mrs. Bartlett of
the King’s Daughters, in partial re-imburse-
ment of money expended in aiding the family
of an Inmate $1.00; to John Wanamaker for
20 yards of Khaki cloth $10.00; Loaned to B
6605, $15.00, this Loan secured by P. L. Com-
mission Credit; loaned to B 7272 $1.25; Do-
nation to War Chest Fund $10.00; for pur-
chase of War Savings Stamps $1.00;0 Frank
C. Kenyon for U. S. Flag $6,50, this covered
by collection; to Chaplain for 12 spools of
Khaki thread 60c. Receipts, from circulating
Library $7.75; Donations $1.25; Collection
for Flag on 5th. Gallery $6.50; Collection for
Orchestra Music $13.23.

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

A very enjoyable hour was spent on Wednes-
day Afternoon May 22nd, at the meeting of
Chaplain Joseph Welch’s Bible Class. Our
friend Mr. Frank Dipple was on hand as us-
ual and conducted the reading of the day’s
lesson in unison. Chapiain Welch led the
attending inmates in the recitation of the
Lord’s Prayer and also made a brief but
telling address to the boys. Rev. Charles A.
Snavely, pastor of the Third Church United
Brethren in Christ, was the speaker for the
afternoon, and preached an eloquent sermon
that will not soon be forgotten. The work
of the Episcopal Cnoir was of the usual high
order. Next week Mr. Geo. W. Sanville, of
the Rodeheaver Co, and who has endeared
‘himself to us through his interest, and his
kindness in furnishing the 'new hymnals for
the Bible Class, will take Mr. Dipple’s place,
as Mr. Dipple exp2:ts t) b2 abseat enjsying
a much nzeded two weeks vacation. ;

—B 7291.

-conformity with His will;

A PROCLAMATION

WHEREAS, The Congress of the United
States, on the second day of April last passed
the following resolution:

‘‘Resolved by the Senate, (the House of
Representatives concurring,) That it being
a duty peculiarly incumbent in time of war
humbly and devoutly to acknowledge our de-
pendence on Almightly God and to implore
His aid and protection, the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, respect-
fully requested to commend a day of public
humiliation, prayer, and fasting, to be ob-
served by the people of the United States
with religious solemnity and the offering of
fervent supplications to Almighty God for
the safety and welfare of our cause, His
blessings on our arms, and a speedy restor-
ation of an honorable and Iasting peace to
the nations of the earth;”’

AND WHEREAS, It has always been the
reverent habit of the people of the United
States to turn in humble appeal to Almighty
God for His guidance in the affairs of their
common life;

Now, THEREFORE, I, Woodrow Wilson,
President of the United States of America,
do hereby proclaim Thursday, the thirtieth ot
May, a day already freighted with sacred
and stimulating memories, a day of publec
humiliation, prayer, and fasting, and do ex-
hort my fellow-citizens of all faiths and creeds
to assemble on that day in theirseveral places
of worship and there, as well as in their
homes, to pray Almighty God that He may
forgive our sins and shortcomings as a peopie
and purify our hearts to see and love the
truth, to accept and defend all things that
are just and right, and to purpose only those
righteous acts and judgments which are in
beseeching Him
that He will give victory to our armies as
they fight for freedom, wisdom to those who
take counsel on our behalf in these days of
dark struggle and perplexity, and steadfast-
ness to our people to make sacrifice to the
utmost in support of what is just and true,
bringing us at last the peace in which men s
hearts can be at rest because it is founded
upon mercy, justice, and -good-will.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto
set my hand and cause these alofth United
States to be affixed.

Done in the District of Columbia this
eleventh day of May, in the year of our Lord
nineteen hundred and eighteen, and of the
independence of the United States the one
hundred and forty-second.

WOODROW WILSON.
By the President,
Robert Lansing,
Secretary of State.

A fine start counts for little if you’re an
“‘also ran’’ at the finish.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Immates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, Tth Block. (k)

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates

-B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prlces
and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th ‘Gallery.

TEACHING—Mandolin and Gultar 50c per
month. B 7065, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin.
Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S.
and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call,
B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.

WANTED——Shedrs and scissors to sharpen
at bc a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block.

FOR SALF—A good strong rocking-chair.
Going out soon. B 8043, 6 Block.

FOR SALE—Violin, $3.50. B 9057, 10 B.
FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case

and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451,
1st Block.
FOR SALE—Lady’s guitar. - B 5449, 1st B.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-.
cards; 10c and 15c each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5c each.

FOR SALE—Victor talking-machine with 50
records. Price $8.00. B 9043, 11th Block.

FOR SALE—An accordion in the best of
condition. Almost new. Double keys.
B 5318, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit,
$2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Block.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $56 a dozen. Call and see
my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,
FOR SALE—Birds, males and femajes; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.

Prices reason-

able. B 6523, 7th Block.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alse
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting
of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week endmg May 25th,

21
Released ¢¢ st A5 L
Prison population gy = TS
Latest serial Number £t ““B 9219
