---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_093.jpg
---
“WAR CHEST” WEEK

THE UMPIRE

~

Philadelphia June 5, 1918

THE WAR CHEST NUMBER

A GREAT

SUCCESS—INMATES GIVE NEARLY

FOUR

THOUSAND DOLLARS

The Warden and Officers joined in the War
Chest ranks by subscribing one day’s pay from
each month for a year, beginning July 1st.

The First Section of the H. F. C. came out
to the Yard on Saturday afternoon May 25th.
1918, without any man of them having the
remotest idea of what was in store for him:
they expected a Parade—and they had one;
to take part in some athletic sports, and per-
haps see a ball game; but they did not dream
that before the afternoon was over, a ma-
jority of their number were to prove that
though they may not at present, at least,
fight their country’s battles, they couldstand

behind those who are fighting a battle which ;
is ours, as much as all the world; and by lit-
erally giving till it ‘‘hurt,’’ did all that they

could do in the furthering of the great Cause

of human liberty. .
They did their ‘bit’’ that day, and in the

days that followed while Curly’s great War $

Chest ‘‘drive’’ was in progress; and proved
themselves American to the core, by an ex-
ample of unselfish sacrifice which, were it

universally copied without these walls, would

go far towards the winning of this.wafr.
Every man of them knows that it 1s only

by such giving that we, who may neither .
fight nor work for the country that we love 3

better than life itself, can do it service. Cer-

tainly no finer thing has ever been done v&zith-
in these walls than the giving, of that after-

noon, and the succeeding days; and the givers
have surely earned all honor, have shown
themselves Americans, and men; have s.h(‘)wn
themselves to be worthy of a better giving;
of the giving of a real service, perhaps of
life itself, to that Country for whom they
are now doing all that is possible, under the
~iraumstances, for them to do. :

{t must have been inspiration, that bn-ght
idea of Curly’s on that Saturday morning,
that the members of the First Section be
allowed to make individual contributions to
the War Chest, and in so doing prove them-
selves Americans by both word and deed.
Before Curly was half through his. explana-
tion, the Warden had grasped the idea, and
was telling him to go ahead; and the results
of that permission are known to all.

The Parade was no more than disbanded,

when a table was secured, and Curly mount-
ing it, summoned to his aid B 9098, of the
Bugle Corps, who sounded ‘‘Assembly.’’ The
boys thought Curly was preparing to run for
Lieutenaut-Governor, or some such office;
and when he had properly aroused their

curiosity by megaphoning a few aimless re-

marks into the surrounding atmosphere he
revealed to them his real intent, which was
that the Inmates, prevented by circumstance
from doing that which they would most wish

AR AR A AAAAAAAAAAA

AMERICANS ALL!
3 We may not stand in the battle-line, ¢
That holds Picardy’s plain;
We may not man the grim, grey ships,}
That guard the long sea lane:
But we are doing that we can,
To make the Hun threat vain.
3 We may not take their vacant place,
¢  Who fight against the Hun:
4 Take up in mill, and farm, and mine,
4 The task they leave undone;
$ But we have given that we could:
Our dollars hardly won.
‘We may not give the gift supreme,
That others give to-day;
And know that by our heart’s-blood shed,
We’ve washed all stain away:
l By meager wage of scant toil given,
Our little part we play.
We may not do the thing we would:
Fight in the battle van;
Or train the guns that ‘‘Over There,”’
¢ Guard yet our own Home-land.
We may not do the thing we would,
{ So do we what we can. '

to do, could at least do the thing at hand,
give their mite to the filling of the War
Chest that was to provide for ‘the needs of
our Soldiers and Sailors; and just to start
things, as it were, he dropped in $25. 00 with
a resounding thud; a sum which was to be
duplicated several times before the ending
of the Drive.

B 9131 and B 8101 were the first to follow
the good example set, with an equal sum,
which was likewise duplicated several times
before the finish, and from then on until the

final ‘‘drive’’ on Tuesday afternoon the giv-
ing never ceased while the opportunity ex-
isted. It came in large sums; fifty and
one hundred dollars; it fell to so small a sum
as two cents which was all the giver had, and
which really counted as much as the others’
hundreds. Liberty Bonds and War Savings
Stamps were given—all was fish to Curly’s
net—and not content with giving once there
were many who came back and gave the sum
they had held out for a possible need. It is
seldom indeed that so supreme an example
of unselfishness is given in such place as
this.

The appearance of Warden Robert J. Mec-
Kenty in the Yard in the course of the after-
noon was a signal for an outburst of applause,
and a unanimous demand that he say a few
words to the boys. Mounting the ‘‘platform,’’
the Warden spoke feelingly of what was

! being done; of what a fine and wonderful

thing it was, and how the generous spirit

- shown had touched, tho it had not surprised
> him—you see he knew his boys—and then
. went on to tell of how the outside world was
- giving, and cited, as an instance, the case
. of ““Bill,”” our chauffeur, who was leaving
* on the next Monday morning for the Train-

ing-camp, and eventually for France, leaving

~ behind him a wife, and small child, and a
» good position.
¢~ wanted to do the manlier thing, to take their
* place with their brothers in the trenches that
' keep the world safe from the Hun, and he

- hoped to see them all given the chance, and
> that before long, and retired under cover of

He said he knew that they

the applause provoked by this statement.
It was shortly afterward that Curly com-
mandeered the peanuts Rube had provided

¢ for the Games, and a good-natured scramble
- followed as he flung them by handfuls among

the crowd; sports were forgotten in the ex-

> citement of this new thing, andself-sacrifice
. was the order of the day. The Thousand

Dollar mark was passed shortly before the
blowing of the bugle, and it’s sounding found
Curly still busy at his post calling out sums
and donors’ numbers to a corps of clerks.
The E. S. P. lovers of the manly art of
self-defense had a real treat at the conclu-
sion of Monday’s Special Outing for the 2nd
Section, and the Gift-bearers of Saturday.
During a recess in the War Chest Drive the
Warden decided his boys were more deserv-
ing of a little harmless recreation in order to
work up an appetite for that Memorial Day—
Dutch Cake. By way of variety, a set of

(Continued on page 2)
