---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_094.jpg
---
2

s o et

o e T T o RS e e T

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed

The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,

who will see to their delivery.
To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, June 5, 1918.

ﬁ
WHY WE DID IT

We might not fight —as yet; we may not
work—as yet; so but one thing remains for
us to do, to give, and that to the limit of eur
ability, and it is that thing that we have
done. ;

We have been paying—are paying now—
our debt to a Society whose laws we have
scorned, and we Fecognize the justice of such
payment. It is our debt to our country that
we are paying now: our country; whether by
birth, or adoption, andloved as such. It is
to it that we have given all that we can,
knowing ourselves blessed in the giving.
We may be outcast, we may have fallen :to
the depths, but still within the breast of
each one of us there burns a spark of that
divine fire which men call patriotism, only
needing such occasion as this to burn into
purest flame.

We did this thing because we could do
nothing less, because we  are Mmore anxious
than we can say to play our little part in the
winning of this war, and no other consider-
ation had any weight with us. Men gave
to this Cause during the Drive who would
not loan President Wilson anickel on a dime’s
_security, and nothing but an intense love of
country could work such a miracle as this.

INMATES GIVE NEARLY

$4,000 TO WAR CHEST.

S (Continued from page 1)
~ six ounce gloves were produced, and a couple
of 1oeal licht-weights were enticed by Curly—
they didn’t need much enticing—to enter a
hastily formed arenain frontof the Speaker’s
table. They were, Gordon, B 7039, and that
versatile athlete Barney. They boxed three
fast two-minute rounds, with the Warden
refereeing, and Curly piaying the double
role of time-keeper and ‘‘ticket-taker’’ and
charging the spectators anything from three
to five dollars a round, according to the ap-
parent prowess of the SSVilethmsts

The next match was a real “‘swat-fest’’:

between our well-known ‘“Doc¢’’ and the new-
comer in our midst, B 9163. They mixed it
“up pretty lively for three altogether too short
rounds. The first round was abdut even,
with each man apparently feeling- his oppo-
" nent out—in fact, ‘‘Doc’’ felt for his oppo-
nent several times without being able to
connect. They seemed to have found one
anothers weak points, for in the next reumd

T Ty e e e e R S e

THE UMPIRE

oA e e e

“Doc’’ stopped several straight-armed jabs Curly’s generalship, then the Donors, then

with his nose, while ‘Yank’ had the pleas- the Blocks, and Galleries of the 2d Section
ure of being on the receiving end of a:num- in order; and a fine showing they made.

ber of short jolts to the ribs. The Warden The Parade over, Curly mounted his ros-
called “‘time’’ a little prematurely on this trum, called the ‘‘boys’’ to attention, and
act, thus giving Curly an opportunity to asked thzm tonotice what their fellows had
extract a few more shekels, —Harry, please given; and he assured them that they had

take notice—from the crowd, while the
boxers were getting their wind for -the final
round. This round was a pippin, 'they . both
mixed it up to the delight of the ring-side
patrons.

The Second Day’s Drive

When ‘“Curly’’ had lookt over the total of
Saturday’s giving, and recovered from the
attack of smiles that immediately set in, he
was at once anxious to try his luck with the
2d Section, and see what they wished to do

(Till The Boys Come Home)
They were summoned from the hill-
side, :
They were called in from the glen;

And the Country found them ready,
At the stirring call for men.

Let no tears add to their hardship,
As the Soldiers pass along;

And although your heart is breaking,
Make it sing this cheery song.

Refrain

Keep the home-fires burning,
While your hearts are yearning;
Though your lads are far away,
They dream of Home;
There’s a silver lining,
Through the dark cloud shining;
Turn the dark cloud inside out,
’Till the boys come Home.

Over seas there came a pleading,
‘“Help a Nation in distress!”’
And we gave our glorious iaddies;

Honor made us do no less.
For no gallant Son of Freedom,
To a tyrant’s yoke should bend,
And a noble heart must answer,
To the sacred call of ‘‘Friend.”’

for the boys who are fighting their country’s
battles. It wasn’t hardto gain the Warden’s
consent to a half holiday Monday. With the

2nd. Sectioh, came out those members of the

1st. Section who bad contributed to the
Fund, and these formed a separate section

‘at the head of the Parade, armed with the
‘Banner bearing in bold letters, WE GAVE

$1062.80 TO THE WAR CHEST. WHAT
ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE? If they could
have guessed what the 2nd. Section would
do that afternoon, they wouldn’t have felt
so cocky, for the Boys of that section quite

-demolished the record made on the previous

Saturday by subsecribing a total of more than
eighteen hundred dollars to the Fund. The

his permission to surpass it if they could.

Curly started things going again with an-
other Twenty-five, and they came right
back at him. Dollars were soon dropping
into the Chest at a rate which promised to
fill it in short order; it remained so all the
afternoon.

Mrs. Smitherman of the Urquhart Red
Cross Auxiliary appeared on the scene in the
course of the afternoon, and after watching
the proceedings for some time was induced
to say a few words to the men. KEscorted to
the platform by the Warden, she spoke in
the highest terms of praise of the wonderful

‘work that was being done, and finally became
so enthused over our giving as to herself add
$68.80 to our Fund. Mr. Harry L. Jenkins
was also present, and helped us out with a
gift of $20.00; Mr. Gailenbach also contri-
buted $5.00 in our name; ‘‘Bill McKenty, not
content with fighting for his country, also
fought for us to the tune of $5.00; while
‘‘Johnnie’’ helped us out with a dollar, and
the Warden, determined that little Jimmy
O—O0’s name should be on that Roll of Honor,
put down a dollar in his name, as he did also
for others who were themselves unable to
give; the Chaplain gav: $5.00" to a Cause
which brings back old memories to him.
Prof. Weigandt gave $15.00 to the Cause, and
to help us.

But the heroes of the occasion were ‘‘Bar-

_nesy, B 7307; ‘““Yorky’’ B 5165; and ‘‘Bobby’’
B 5023; who proved themselves to be the best
of Americans, and the truest of patriots by
giving all their hard-earned savings of years
within these walls to a cause which they felt
to be greater than their need. ‘‘Barnesy’s
name leads all the rest in so far as amount
given is ¢ )ncerned, while the two latter were
the proud possessors of Liberty Bonds, and
these they gave also to the ture of three
apiece, besides giving all the ready cash they
were possessed of, confident that the future
would take care of itself, and that they would
not lose by giving to such acause as this. One
after another, Curly called them to the plat-
form, and explained to the “boys’’ the meas-
ure of the sacrifice that they had made, and
verily they had their reward, for with the
exception of the ovation tendered Curly in
the Hall on Tuesday morning, few Inmates
within these walls bave so received—and so
earned—such applause as was given them by
their fellows. They were cheered to the echo
by the “‘boys,’’ atribute which almost brought
the tears. '

At the conclusion of the boxing-bouts—a
full account of which will be found elsewhere—
the few remaining minutes of the afternoon
were devoted to resting after the strenuous

giving of the two days before going home(?)
to that perfect rest that comes from the

Red Cross workers headed.the Parade, under knowledge of a good deed ‘well done.
