---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_095.jpg
---
WAR CHEST “FILLINGS”

And just how much of that War Chest did
you fill?

* o *

Our sole regret is, not that we haven’t but
one life to give for our Country, but that
Curly didn’t ask for two ‘‘Dutch’’ Cakes,
instead of one. y

*

Dynamite was once used in an attempt to
extract money from Russel Sage, we are in-
formed; but without success. What a pity
‘Curly never had a chance at him.

* *
o

It is a serious matter for an epidemic to
break out in a prison, but when it happens
to be an epidemic of giving, as on this occa-
sion; it isn’t many who would wish to be
immune. :

* *
£

““My hat is off to the Boysof the E. S. P.,”
remarked one of the ladies of the visiting
War Chest Committee, as she watched Bobby
“who is ‘‘doing it all’” drop a Liberty Bond
into the War Chest.”’

* *
*

Three cheers and a tiger for Barnesy,
Yorkie, Bobby, Reddy Jake,and Schwartzy.! !
They are going about the Yard looking like
pluckt eagles; each wearing the smile-that-
won’t-come-off. We wish we may be able
" to bear our future honors as modestly.

* *
3
Fred the carpenter said, “‘five timesfive for
" mine, Curly,”” This caused Curly to call for

three cheers for Fred, who called out ‘‘I’m
not buying cheers, but will give twenty-five
more if you’ll do the same, and then we will
“cheer for each other;”’and immediately there
was another fifty in the War Chest.
* * -
*
We must beg leave to correct that Bulletin
" reporter. We did not pay $4,000 for 1,400
“‘Dutch Cakes.”” We like ’em but not that
‘much. We gave $4.000 to the men who are
doing the work that we would gladly help in
doing, and are denied the giving of such help,
so gave we what we could. The ‘‘Dutch
Cakes’’ were but the reward of Curly’s
“nerve’’ and the virtues of the rest of us.

* *
£

We don’t know his name, or his number;
" but we do know that his voice sounded good
 to us, When we overheard him say to the
Warden. ‘“Warden, I’m broke, but I go out
on Tuesday, and I wish you would let me
give two dollars of my Gate money.” You
may equal this spirit, but you can’t beat it.
Most of us feel just that way,and still they
insist on Keéping us here, instead of putting
us on the job of licking the Kaiser.
* *
*

Now just take the cases of Lefty and

Steve. Lefty’s bank-roll amounted to twenty-

seven cents; Steve was more prosperous, and.

could possibly be termed a moneyed man, he
having at least twenty-nine cents to hiscred-
it. Did they give? They did. Each came
across with ‘‘two bits,’”” next month they will
each chew postage stamps instead of tobacco.
If that isn’t giving until it hurts, what is it?
And echo answers not one darn word.

THE UMPIKE

o
MRS. JANE GATES
“*LITTLE MOTHER”* OF THE
HONOR & FRIENDSHIP CLUB
AN APPRECIATION

O Little Mother, were these blooms undying,
They would be even as your good deeds are;
Your words that give new courage for the
trying,
To be faithful to our Star:
To that white Star of womanhood,
Whose thought and motto is ‘Do Good.”’

Heavy freighted is each bloom we send you,
- With deep,and heart-felt gratitude of ours;
To you,and that bright presence that attends
you,
More odorous than these flowers:
To vivify the darkened soul,
And point it to a better goal.

- O Dear, and Little Mother of our hearts,

Be pleased to take the little gift we send;

You’ve healed so many of our wounds, and
smarts,
Have caused so many too-proud knees to
 bend;
The blossoms that we give to you,
Are but a memory of your due.
To the Members of the Honor And

Friendship Club:

I cannot find words in my puny vocabulary to
thank the members of the Honor and Friend-
ship Club for the lovely basket of flowers
they so kindly sent me. I could not keep
back the tears, I was so impressed. Our
lives are all Crucified between smiles and
tears, and tears for many loved ones of my

own, make my sympathy for you all deeper;
I wish I cculd do more, but:
since I can’t, I earnestly pray that the Great.

and truer.

Comforter may bring the balm thatno earthly
hand can give.
: LiTTLE MOTHER.

WHAT WE ARE DOING

Several score Inmates of the E. S. P. are
also doing their ‘‘bit,”” in so far as it is poss-
ible, by the doing of Red Cross work; such
as making up bandages, etc. More than a
quarter million bandages have been rolled;
in excess of 6000 doz. pairs of Socks have
been knitted; nearly 1000 bath robes cut
out, and some 500 bales of oakum pickt.
An appreciable sum of money has been raised
among ourselves ' for the purchase of wool
for the making of socks and sweaters, and
added to contributions from outside sources.
All this in addition to relatively large sums
given directly to the Red Cross, Y. M. C. A.,
Boy Scouts, ete, previous to our War Chest
Contribution.

Our work along such lines is only limited by
our lack of means, and material; wool, in
particular, having become so scarce and
high-priced that we are now adding the manu-
facture of paper vests for our Soldier Boys
to our other work. We are forced ‘to look
largely to those on the outside who are inter-
ested alike in War Work, and our welfare,
for aid: and these can literally kill two birds
with one stone by helping us to help our
Country. B 8361 (Curly).

3

THE WAR CHEST IN SAFE HANDS

The War Chest saves and serves. bt saves
your money and mine. It saves valuable en-
ergies by devoting them to one big drive in-
stead of to many little ones. It saves the
wear and tear on the willingness of the sol-
icitor and the good nature of the solicited.
To be sure, in these crucial hours nona must
resent being asked for anything, for what-
ever we do to help our country is done to
help ourselves. The drain on income rears a
barrier before our own threshold against the
red-handed and black-hearted Hun. But it
is to the public advantage that the heavy
extra taxes that war imposes should be col-
lected with as little fret and friction as pos-
sible. Therefore, this enterprise is com-.

mitted to the furtheranee of men of affairs,

men who are accustomed to cutting out the
‘‘excess baggage’” in their own buisness.
All the steadfast house to house and office to
office canvassing by volunteers, who go un-
rewarded except by the virtuous sense of
duty done, is hard work; but it is work that
is made easier when you and I meet their
patriotic spirit half way at least. Experts
have on the worth of the claims presented.
You and I can give to the War Chest in the
full assurance that there is no graft. By
every contribution we support not merely
the list of charities named but the morale of
the men at the front, behind whom we stand
inflexibly for freedom. i

TOTAL GIVEN-BY BLOCKS AND
GALLERIES FOR WAR CGHEST

1st. Block $173.93
2nd.” Block 14.85
3rd. Block 85.90
4th. Block 145.57
4th. Gallery 39513
5th. Block 417.75
5th. Gallery 103-35
6th. Block 167.87
6th. Gallery 335.28
7th. Bloek 432.14
7th. Gallery 242.83
8th. Block 224.72
9th. Block 312.05
10th. Block 52.50
11th. Block 699.70
12th. Block 230.15
12-1st. Gallery 62.28
12-2nd. Gallery 28.95
Miscellaneous Centributions 41.05

THE E. S. P, GOES ON HONOR ROLL

We are 100% givers! The E. S. P. goes
on the Honor Roll of Contributors to the
War Chest Fund as such. Practically every
man in the Institution who could do so con-
tributed voluntarily to the Fund, and for
those, who from financial embarassment, or
other reasons, were prevented from giving,
from doing the thing that they would have
most wished to do, the Honor and Friend-
ship Club came forward, and put down 10
cents for each man, so that all might figure
in the list of givers.
