---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_096.jpg
---
e B e e e e e et e e et e e e Al e e e £

THE UMPIRE

THEY GIVE THEIR MONEY AND OFFER THEIR LIVES

In the effort to serve the Country, and help our men to consecrate themselves to a new life,

the Chaplain opened a correspondence with the heads of the Government.

The following letters will

indicate their personal willingness to aid us, and the technical legal difficulties:

THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON
Personal December 21, 1917.
My dear Sir:

I have your letter of December 19th,
and, by the President’s direction, 1 am
bringing it to the attention of the Secretary
of War.

Sincerely yours,
JOSEPH P. TUMULTY,
Secretary to the President.
REvV. JosEPH WELCH,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
WAR DEPARTMENT
THE ADJUTANT GENERAL’S OFFICE
WASHINGTON
December,

(Signed)

28l ST
REv. JosePH WELCH,

Moral Instructor,

Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia, Pa.,

Dear Sir:

Your letter of the 19th instant, ad-
dressed to Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Secre-
tary to the President, has been referred to
this Department for consideration. With re-
ference to your suggestion as to the placing
“in the military service of those confined in a
penitentiary, 1 am directed by the Secretary
of War to advise you as -follows:

Section 1118, U. S. Revised Stat-
utes, prohibited the enlistment in the mili-
tary service of certain persons, including
deserters and those who had been convicted
of a felony. That portion of the section re-
lating to the enlistment of deserters was
modified by an act of Congress approved
August 22, 1913, and in line with the spirit of
the act, the War Department is doing every-
thing it can to save to the military service
deserters and others convicted of minor mili-
tary offenses. However, the portion of the
law referred to which precludes the enlist-
ment of persons who have been convicted of
a felony is still in force, and necessarily pre-
cludes favorable action on your suggestion.

Very respectfully,
J. S. JONES,
Adjutant General.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER
HARRISBURG

March 26, 1918.
REV. JOSEPH WELCH,

Moral Instructor,

wealth,

Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia, Pa.
My Dear Mr Welch:

I have had the matter to
which you refer in your letter of March
twenty-second under advisement with the
Attorney General of the Commonwealth, ard
I shall again urge him, if possible, to find a
way to do the thing you have in mind.

i I believe with you that
some good could be accomplished and the cause
of good government made more secure if
heed were given to your thought, which is in
harmony with my own.

Very truly yours,
M. G. BRUMBAUGH.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER
HARRISBURG
April & 1918.
REvV. JOSEPH WELCH,
Moral Instructor,
Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia, Pa.,
My dear Mr Welch:

Upon receipt of your
letter of March twenty-second I communica-
t=d with the Attorney General of the Common-
-seeking his legul guidance as to
whether or not the proposition you announced
could be carried out. Under date of March
twenty-eighth Mr. Brown acknowledged the
letter and said that the matter would have
to come up in the regular way before the
Board of Pardons at its next meeting.

In the meantime I
learn that he, the Attorney General, commu-
nicated with the President of the Board of
Pardons, Hon. Frank B. McClain, Lieuten-
ant-Governor, and Mr. McClain in his answer
to the Attorney General under date of March
thirtieth calied his attenticn to the great
protest that went up a year ago when the
United States Government made a similar
proposition, and doubts whether the military
service would profit by the release of crim-
inals for military service.

He iz, however, of the
opinion that the prisoners could be- used for
public worksconducted by the Commonwealth
and I am taking up that mat‘er with the
Attorney General again as I havein the past,
to ascertain whether it is possible under the
laws of this Commonwealth to do this. My
judgment, therefore, would be that if you

wish to push this matter further astatement
addressed to the Board of Pardons, giving
your interpretation of the matter would be of
weight when they take it formally under
consideration.
Very truly yours,
M. G. BRUMBAUGH.

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY
REV. JOSEPH WELCH,
Moral Instructor

Philadelphia, Pa.

April 12th. 1818.
His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR,
MARTIN G. BRUMBAUGH,
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
My Dear Governor:

have received your

favor of the 8th inst., and appreciate very
highly your sympathy with the purpose in
view. [ understand the scruples of the
Lieutenant-Governor, but am convinced that
they are not necessarily an obstacle to his
co-operation. The condition of the country
and the state of mind of our people have
changed very much since the time referred
to by the Lieutenant-Governor.

A section of the Revised
Statutes of the United States, does forbid
the employment of a felon in the military or
naval service. But it has been ruled by our
Courts, that a Pardon re-instates the pos-
sesor in his position and privileges, as
though no fault had ever been committed.

In a correspondence that
I had with the Sec’y of the Navy, he ex-
presses himself as willing to receive a former
member of the navy, pardoned of a criminal
sentence, while absent from his ship, subject
only to his going before a Court Martial to
answer for ‘‘absence without leave’’ from
his ship. »

It seems to me, that in
the present situation of the country, we
ought to use all available ‘‘manpower,’” as it
is termed, that we can find. I would have
the men selected by our Prison Authorities,

‘confident that they would rate with the

average of those now serving.

We are receiving an equal
number into the Prison,with those discharged.
The labor spoken of, can be rendered by
those not fit for army or navy service.

Very respectfully yours,
JOS. WELCH.,
Moral Insturctor.

NOTES ON THE SUBJECT OF THE PARDON OF MEN IN PRISON, WHO MAY BE FOUND QUALIFIED FOR MILITARY SERVICE,
AND DESIRE TO ENLIST FOR THE SAME, UNDER THE UNITED STATES OR THEIR ALLIES.

1. There are now 1400 male prisoners in the Eastern State Pemtentlary, uf normal, physical and mental condition.
2. Many of them have expressed a desire to enter military service o1 the Nation at once.

3. it is the judgn.ent of those in constant contact, and personal association with them, that if a Pardon should be granted it would

be vindicated by cthe men.

4. The course now pursued in Parole would afford a safe method of proceedure. -
5. 200 men are now under drill in elementary tactics, preparatory to company formation.

