---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_097.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V -

Philadelphia June 19, 1918

NO. 24

BALI., GAMES OF 'i‘HE WEEK 1run. Baum was the hero of the game for

Tuesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Athletics thought they had the game
cinched by pulling off 4 runs in the 2nd, in-
ning and so startled the Cubs that_ they al-
most took to the tall timber; but in the 6th.
inning they rallied sufficiently to hammer out
4 hits, which produced 3 runs and left them
in possession of the ‘‘bluody’’ field.

Cubs vs. Printers

Monday’s tie-game between the Cubs and
Printers was played off today, and what the
Cubs did to those Press-men was a shame.
The Cubs had to use a cash register to add
up their runs, and almost wore outa dozen
balls; and half of them are suffering from
sore feet from their frequent trips around
the bases. It was more of a casualty list
than a score.

Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Cubs
The Printers were out for revenge in to-
days game and touched up the Cub’s pitcher,
B 8707, for five singles, wheedled 6 free pass-
es out of him, while one bold spirit permitted
himself to be beaned that he might reach1st,
base, but with all that they only got 5 runs.
Yanks vs. Athleties
The Yanks found Willie and Frank for
one 3 bagger, 8 singles, and 9 free passes
with one Warrior hit by pitched ball, and
managed to amass 6 runs from this total;
while the A’s were forced to be content with
a measly 2 runs.
Friday’s Games
Athletics vs. Yanks
The A’s were too strong for the Yanks in
today’s game and batted Bud all over the lot
in the first three rounds, getting twodoubles,
9 singles, and two victims beaned, for a total
of 9 runs. Larry was then called upon to
stop the massacre but was himself hit up for
a homer, a double, and two singles which
produced 2 runs, there was no stopping those
A’s.
Athleties vs. Yanks
The A’s won a hotly contested game off the
Yanks today by a score of 3 to 1, altho but
two of these were earned as Slick the *““Ump”’
got rattled, presented the A’s with a run
and then quit; while Bobby went in and
called them for the rest of the game.
. Printers vs. Cubs
It was a close contest between the Printers
and the Cubs in today’s game: a pitchers
battle until the last inning, when the Press-
men nosed out the Bear-cats by a margin of

the Press-men, lining out a 2 bagger which
brought in 3 runs.

RS SR e N S

We regret to chronicle the death on June
4th, of Miss A. M. C. Dupree; the memory
of whose gentle presence must long abide
with those of our number—and they are
many —who were fortunate enough+to have
met, and known her: a memory fraught with
mingled pain and pleasure, pain, that they
shall see her face nu more; pleasure, that
they had known her, and had been made the
better men thereby.

It was Miss Dupree who instituted, some
thirty yvears ago, that particular Chapter of
the Kings Daughters, whose vocation it is to
visit the Prisons, and minister to the unfor-
tunates confined therein, and in this, her
life’s work, she was steadfast while health,
and strength remained. May her reward be
not unworthy of the work that she has done!

AD MEMORIAM

Yours, O sweetly singing soul that’s crowned
now with stars:

Yours a Golden Memory nor time, nor usage
mars.

Sweet scented your memory as myrrh, or
musk;

Sweet as breath of Isle of Spice sea-ward
blown at dusk.

Oh, sweet to us your memory as any that we
keey,

‘Memory of home, or friends, or mother that

we weep.

All the broken hearts you healed are singing
now your praise;

And all the broken men you helped to better
things, and days,

Are mourning now your passing, and they

' will not be consoled;

Are as sheep without a shepherd, careless
of the rain, and cold;

Wistful for the singing voice to lead them
once again,

As in other days it led them when they were
but broken men.

Oh, hard and bitter was eur lot when first to
us you came; i

The silence, and the cell; and the abiding
shame.

You trod a streitened path with us for many
weary years;

In His Name you counselled ‘‘Courage,’” In
His Name you banished fears:

And the still, small voice conquered—terror
shall not come again—

For they hearkened to your counsel, and are

making of us, men!

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
EXEcuTivE CHAMBER
HARRISBURG PA.

Rev. Joseph Welch,
Moral Instructor,

My Dear Mr. Weleh:
I wish you would convey to the
men my sincere congratulations and thanks
for their wonderful support of the War Chest

movement. It is a splendid and altogether

praiseworthy accomplishment.

With sincere regards toall, I am,
Very Truly Yours,
M. G. BRUMBAUGH.

PRISONERS AND THE WAR

Should carefully selected men from our
State Prisons be sent to defend the Liberty
at the front? Thisis a question that is re-
ceiving considerable attenticn at present,
and one that the ‘‘Little Mother,”” Mrs Bal-
lington Booth has especially voiced in and
out of prison, for the last few months. The
other day Mrs. Booth was favored with an
interview by the President of the United
States, the Secretary of War, Mr. Baker,
and other Statesmen, at Washington.

Mrs. Bootb found the President intensely
interested in the subject, deeply moved when
he was informed about the splendid work
hundreds of prisoners are doing in support of
the Red Cross, local patriotic funds, ard the
purchase of War Stamps and Liberty Bonds.
Mrs. Booth pointed out that there was a mass
of opinion favorable to the drafting of men
from the prisons, and that in respectof health,
capacity to work, discipline and patriotism
the ‘‘boys’’ were especially qualified to form
a clever fighting force on the other side of
the Atlantic. Mrs. Booth said it was no part
of her idea that the prisoners should leave
their respective prisons and form a special
regiment, but that they should be merged in
the various divisions of the Army. Their
identity would not be known in the battle-
field although on their service flag they
would be honored and remembered in the
prisons from which they had been drafted.
The President expressed his pleasure at the
report. The difficulties were naturally dis-
cussed with Secretary Baker, and it is a sat-
isfaction to Mrs. Booth, that every known
fact and argument in support of the propo-
sition has been laid before the President and
his advisers, and she is confident that the
subject will now be seriously and fully dis-
cussed.

