---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_098.jpg
---
P ———————e e e )

"THE UMPIRE

W
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its re~ders.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. ;

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's. number.

1918.

Philadelphia, June 19,

JUNE

Perhaps we should have written a sermon,
or a treatise, or an essay on right thinking,
or living; but we’re going to write a rhapsody
instead, and our theme is June. June, the
month of roses, and sunshine, and orange-
blossoms; of stone-bruises, and green apple
pains. June, when the water in the “‘Ole
swimmin’ hole’’ is just right, and there’s a
hurdy-gurdy on every block.

June, when cherry-pie succeeded to straw-
berry-shortcake in eeller-way, and Automat,
and the old ox-heart tree in the calves pas-
ture is a seventh heaven till the limb breaks.
June, when you go strolling with your best
girl in the gloaming, and—mystery of mys-
teries—no matter which way you go, you
invariably end at a soda-fountain, or an ice-
cream parlor, thus proving that there is an
as yet undiscovered force more powerful
than gravitation. June, when moonlight is
more dangerous to the youthful bachelor than
dynamite to the ten-year-old, and twice as
fazal; when the casual passer-by of the park
bench is interested in observing Johnny with
both arms busily protecting Marie from the
attacks of au infuriated glow-worm. June,
when the Family Picnic, and the Ice-Cream
Festival are abread in the land, and the cry
of ‘‘Kill the umpire!”’ rings joyously from
every vacant lot.

June, when the click of the lawn mower is
the eve’n-song of the suburbs, and the ham-
mock creaks beneath a double burden
June, when it is the small boy’s pastime,
and delight to gallop down the middle of the
broad highway, ankle-deep in yellow dust,
and leaving a smoke-screen behind him which
would make one of our destroyer squadrons
blush for it’s efforts. June, when you sit on
the porch-steps in the velvety dusk, while a

whip-poor-will is calling from the orc¢hard,

or the phonograph next-door is playing the
End of a Perfect Day, and you reach out,
and grope for ‘‘Somebody’s’’ hand, and are
met half-way—June, and what do you know
of it?

MEMORIAL DAY AT THE E. S. P.

It was marked by ‘‘everybody out’’
for the first time in the Institution’s history
on a Holiday; that everybody had a good time

°

THE UMPIRE

goes without saying. Rain in the morning
hours prevented the festivities planned for
that portion of the day, but the afternoon’s
pleasures fully made up for any loss incurred.
There was a Parade, which was a Parade, with
Scotty’s ‘‘Black Watch’’ stepping proudlv to
the music of the Band, and Curly’s Red Cross
Warriors doing their utmost to emulate if
not surpass them.

But th2 notable event of the day was the
visit-of Lieutenant Clark and his Alien Squad,;
and their drills, tableaux etc; given for our
benefit. The Warden introduced the Lieut-
enant to us; not forgetting a few generous
words of praise for ourselves anent our re-
cent gift to the War Chest. The Lieutenant
expressed his great pleasure at knowing of
our self-sacrifice, saying, ‘It shows truly
that you are more than alive, and that with
you, your country still comes first: that you
still ring true when put to the test. [ have
with me today what we call the camp Dix
Alien Squad. composed of 15 men, and a Ser-
geant, all enemy born; but today soldiers of
your Uncle Sam, and trse-blue Americans.
They represent ten different Nationalities,
and almost as many different religions; prov-
ing that neither religion nor birth really mat-
ters compared with love of country.

I have also with me, members of the var-
ious organizations who are co-operating with
our Army to make a successful finish of the
work in hand. I know you men would be
more useful were you in some branch of the
Service, and I sincerely trust the day may
not be far distant when you, too, may have
your chance.’

The Lieutenant blew his whistle, and there
stood forth as fine a looking body of men as
any Army could boast of. Again the whistle
shrilled, the men ranged themselves along
the wall, the sergeant stepped forward and
saluted saying, ‘‘Sir, Squads formed;’’ the
Lieutenant returned the salute and called
“Number One.”” Number One man stepped
forward, a husky Dutchman from Holland;
Numbers Two a Turk; Number Three and
Four, both German; Number five a Greek;
Number Six an Austrian; Number Seven an
Assyrian; Number. Eight an Russian Jew;
Number Nine an Italian; Number Ten an
Austrian Jew; Number Eleven an Serbian;
Number Twelve an Austrian; Number Thir-
teen an Hungarian; Number Fourteen an
Austrian; Number fifteen an Italian.

The Sergeant then put his men through the
Manual of Arms; then commanded ‘‘Stand at
Ease’’ while Lieutenant Clark again used
his whistle. At the first blast two Red Cross
Nurses stepped forth; then two Knights of
Columbus; next two Salvation Army Lassies;
then Two Y. M. C. A. Workers; then two
Ladies from the Hostage House at Camp
Dix; then two Boy Scouts in full uniform;
thus giving us a full representation of all the
adjuncts of our Army. The last time the
whistle sounded and they marched forth from

—————————— e

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
~Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2] Sl

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band room.

P

our mldst leaving us wishing very much that
we might follow them to the facing of such
task as theirs.

BEWARE, WILLTAM,
QF CURLY’S ¢“TROOPS.”

The Warden reviewed Curly’s ‘‘troops,”’
Wednesday morning, behind the 11th Block
and expressed his pleasure at the measure
of preparedness shown. He made a little
speech to the potential warriors after the
Company had ‘‘fallen’” into line, which
should be of priceless value to Curly as a re-
cruiting ageney, in “which he assured the

“‘boys’’ that they were doing the wise, and

manly thing, for none knew but that a U-
boat might some day come sneaking up the
Schuylkill and drop a shell into the Soup-
wagon, or an aerial raider drop a bomb into
our War-gardens, and forever destroy their
usefulness, for the Warden assured us that
after our War Chest Contribution the Huns
couldn’t possibly regard us as other than
combatants, That we must be ready to risk
our lives at any moment for these our most
precious poqsessuons He said that it has
been his fortune to be present at Atlantic
City on the previous day, and witness ihe
landing of s boat-load of refugees from one
of the torpedoed ships, and spoke of the dire
plight of the women and childien therein,
and said that he would have liked nothing
better than to have come to close quarters
with a bunch of Huns about then. There’s
nothing of the Pacifist about the *‘Boss.”’

AN OUTSIDE APPRECIATION

The Stroudsburg Times-Democrat, reprints

the recent Resolution of the Honor and
Friendship Club, subscribing Ten Dollars
Monthly to the War Chest Fund, and com-
ments on it as follows:-
Here is an inspiration, indeed, Deprived of
their own liberty by their past follies, they
still love their country and give, that others
may enjoy what is forever denied to them.
This is the kind of giving that has been
awakened all over the land by the Red Cross
and it is the kind of giving that will not stop
until all visions of a Hunnish America have
forever vanished.
