---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_099.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NEWS AND COMMENT

War Chest Fund in Philadelphia District
over the $20,000,000 mark. And we helped

“fill that too.

32 B)che aeroplanes shot down by Ameri-
can flyers, to date. Seven of our own planes
lost. We call that about the right proportion.

" Huns are said to be planting Bear Traps
in No Mans Land. Here is a chance for us

to retaliate by planting some Skunk Traps
in th: same territory.

Hun Drive apparently stopped for the mo-
ment. British, French and Americans hold-
ing on all Fronts. And they’re not holding
hands, either.

Charles W. Fairbanks, Ex-Vice President
of the United States dies at Indianapolis, age
66 years. There’ll be many a quart of butter-
milk drank in memory of him.

The Red Cross hasits hundred million and
more, and now the Y. M. C. A. is out for a
hundred million. But it’s no use their ap-

‘plying to us, we're busted.

One Million Youths who have reached the
age of 21 since June 5th. of last year, will be
registered on that date, ready to be called
into their country’s service. Are youamong
that millien?

Supreme Court decides Fedaral Child Labor
Law of 1916, forbidding inter-State shipment
fo products of Child Labor, unconstitutional.
“Let them have a long, long playtime, Lord’
of Thil, when toil is done.

Five monster U-boats off coast. Ten ships
sunk with the loss of 58 lives. American Des-
troyer routs one in spirited fight. Better
say your prayers, boy, before going to bed,
for the Schuy lkill is rather handy.

New York in darkness. Coney Island and
Broadway White Light dimmed by order of
police for fear of U-boat Raiders This
should make New York safer than ever, for
many a gallant craft has sunk on the Great
White Way.

Men who can sing are much desired in the
Army and Navy to liven up the Boys. Wish
they’d draft a few of our *‘Song Birds’’ out
of here. We have some ‘‘Nightingales”
we could spare very easily.

Ireland is called upon to furnish 50,000 vol-
unteers at once, and from two to three ‘thou-
sand monthly henceforth, to escape conserip-
tion. Will the Irish refuse this opportunity
to get into a first-class row?

ANSWER THE DRUM BEAT!

Is it a time for idle games,
And sporting on the green?
What if the morrow, squire of dames,
You see the bright swords gleam?
How will it serve you in that day,
Who triumph now in love, or play?
Coward, and weakling—Ilest they say —
Answer the drum-beat!

Is it a time for eloquence?

Will phrasing win your fight?
Americarns; Unto your tents!

Make you your armor bright.
Fools are they all who prate of peace:
The flood of war can but increase,
Until all armed dominion cease.

Answer the drum beat!

Is it a time for festal cheer,
In dalliance to be sped?

Bethink you that the hour draws near,
When you shall see your dead.

" What know you of the battle-hell,

Where men die torn of shot, and shell?
You—who dance the tango well,
Answer the drum-beat!

Is it a time to know alone,
0Old ties of blood, and birth?
Here you have made your hearth, and home;
Here must you prove your worth.
Saxon, Teuton, and Slav no more;
Americans first! In peace, or war;
Brothers! What are you waiting for?
Answer the drum-beat!

Is it a time to stand, and wait,
Knowing your country’s need?
Knowing the foeman’s at your gate;
Knowing the world’s to feed.
There’s a place for you in the battle-line;
There’s a place for you in field, or mine;
There’s a place for you—and tcday’s the
time.
Answer the drum-beat! -

44 Ships completed during May, totaling
263,571 tons. And we haven’t really got
started yet.

One thousand rifles, and sixty machine-
guns are now being manufactured daily,
and still none for us!

Mayor Smith, of this city, will have an
Anti-Loafing Bill drawn up, aud in-
troduced at the next session of the Legis-
lature. If this is going to include us, we can
see some of our gentlemen of leisure asking
for a tramsfer. '

President Wilson appeals to nation to‘‘buy
only those things which are essential to the
individual health and effeciency.’”” We call
upon all present to stand by the President,
and refrain from buying anymore ice-cream,
and silk underwear.

" bought with the Bond that

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Have you that all gone feeling in your,
Treasury?

* *
*

We wonder if there is a bottom to that
War Chest.

* £
*

Reds— ¢‘[ feel like thirty cents.”’
Whitey— ‘‘How things, have gone up since
the War-Chest!”’

* . *
Father— ¢‘That scar on your head must be
very annoying.’’
Claude-— ““‘Oh, it’s next to nothing. "’

% *
3

Visitor—‘‘And what’s
Johnny?”’
Johnny—““To be a morris-chair inspector.’’

* *
£

We are hard at work contriving a peris-
cope wherewith to see that eclipse of the sun

next Saturday evening.
* *
£

your ambition

We count the'days so carefullee,
It’s thirty-four, it’s thirty-three;
It’s thirty-two, it’s thirty-one,
It’s only ‘bout a month, by gum!

s *
*

Our Stenog’ says that everybody have
their faults, and we agree, as usual, but
we’re going to elaborate that axiom, by

stating that some folks seem to realize it,

and are yet proud of them, while the rest
are sorry.
%k % %
““Name something,’”’ said the teacher,

“‘that is very dangerous to get near to, and
has horns.”’
““I know, teacher, I know!”’
Annie Jones. '
““Well, Annie, what is it?”’
‘“An automobile.’” .

* 5 S

This is the Bond that you bought.

This is the Gun that was bought with the
Bond that you bought. '

This is the Hun that was killed with the
Gun that was bought with the Bond that
you bought.

This is the Battle that was won, because
of the Hun that was killed by the Gun that
was bought with the Bond that you bought.

This is the War the Kaiser lost, because of
the Battie that was won, becauste of the’
Hun that was killed with the Gun that was
bought with the Bond that you bought.

This is the Lasting Peace that was made,
because of the War the Kaiser lost because
of the Battle that was won, because of the
Hun that was killed with the Gun that was
you bought.

These a:e the ‘‘Sammees’’ that came home,
because of the Lasting Peace that was made
because of the War the Kaiser lost, because
of the Battle that was won, because of the
Hun that was killed with the Gun that was
bought with the Bond that you bought.

called little
