---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_100.jpg
---
4

. SO

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

WSS Pet: WSS TSPty

Printers 21 ((B50 Yankees 8 20 286
Cubs 20 SENET1 4 Athletics T 1R 55()

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WS U Pt , W LI Pct.

Chicago 33 15 688 | Philies il B 447
New York 331 6EN6T7S Pittsburg 20 28 417
B):-ton 25052 450 Brooklyn 20 28 417
Cincinatti 232460 St louis © 19 28 404

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wi by d%eE W. L. Pet.
Roston 34 22 697 St. Louis 250826 490
New York SN2 28T \ Washingt'n 27 29 482
Cleveland 258554 Athletics 19 32 373
Chicago o W Rl 1 Detroit 1 S0 362

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meetings of June 4thand
11th, the following were admitted to mem-

bership in the Club: B 9206—10c; 9207, 9231,
9236—25¢; 9122, 9224, 9233, 9232, 9228, 9208,
9230, 9226, 9227, 9234, 9238, 9237, 9203, 9229,
6103, 9168, 9199, 9124, 9213, 9215, 9221, 9197,
9225, 9223, 9200, 9205, 9218, 9220. Thereport

of the [reasurer showed a balance of $51.12
in the Ciub Treasury. The appointment of
B 8669 as Dzlegate for the 9th Block, and
B 7021 as Delegate for the 6th Block was
announced. B 8261 was elected Assistant to
the President, as a slight token of the
esteem in which he is held by the Club for
his arduous and continuing labors in behalf
of it, and his fellow Inmates.

Expenditures are for the three weeks from
May 25 to June 15, inclusive. War saving
Stamps, $3.00; The Walter Jacobs Co. Music
for Orchestra, $6.00 (this covered by colleec-
tion); Standard Jobbing Co. 6 doz. Sweat-
bands, $2.70; B 8048 Loan, $3.00; Taxi-hire,
peanuts, ete. $1.75; B 6605 Loan, $10.00 (se-
cured on Commission credit); B 8179 Loan,
$3.00; To War Chest Fund $10.68(this in the
name of those Inmates, willing but finan-
cially unable to do their ‘‘bit’’); B 7991 Loan
$5.00; to Institution, replace unpaid contri-
butions to Music Fund, $0.70; B 8517 Loan
$1.00; Johnson & Prince, for 3700 Mimeo-
graphed Letters, $15.50; B 6103 Loan, $2.00.
For Articles purchased to be re-sold by the
Club, B 7978, Necklaces, etec., $13.30; B 6343,
Fiag Pins ete , $2.94; B 5165, Watch Fobsete.,
$7.80; B 7610, Flag Pins, etc., $8.25; B 7576,
Commission on Sales of Waste Paper, $6.63:
B 9075 Making Caps for Officers and Del-
egates, $9.20: B 7241, Rings $4.20: B 6263,
Toy Birds, $.75; B 8997, Picture Frames $8.60;
B 7546, Flag Pins, $2.97; B 6449, Rings $4.20;
B 8714 Watch Fobs, $1.75; B 7634, Flag Pins,
$5.00; B 7598, Daisy Chains, $2 10; B 8989,
Pin-cushion, 40c; B 8380, Watch Fobs, ete.,
$3.65; B 8936 Swivels, 90c; B 3079, Picture
Frames, $6.00; B 8045, Loan $4.00; Strings
ete, for Orchestra $7.74 (covered by Collec-
tion).

; any stragglers,

THE .UMPIRE

Receipts for same period: From Circulat-
ing Library, $24.00; Donations, $2.10; Sales
in Library, $1.50; Sale of waste paper ete.,
$66. 36.

Last Saturday’s half-holiday was the sec-
ond under the ‘“Everybody out!”’ ruling, and
passed off just as pleasurably as the first.
There was not a sign of disorder among the
nearly fourteen hundred nen out; all were
on thair best hehavior, seemingly determined
toshow the Warden, and the Board of In-
spectors just how deep was their apprecia-
tion of their action in giving the entire
House a weekly half-holiday in the open air,
and how sincere was their resolve to justify
by their works the confidence reposed in them.

It was a magnificent day for parading ;

with just the right mixture of sun and
breeze to make a man feel glad he was alive,
and not a German; and the boys made a fine
appearance in the line,that double it’s usual
length, wound twice about the Institution,
with Flags and Banners waving proudly in
the stiff breeze, while Prof. Weigandt, and
his Bandsmen,and the Bugle Corps, and
Curley ‘s dcum, with his fife artists waked all
the echoes of tha Institution,and set them
flyin .

The Militant Section of the Parade; ; Curly’s
celebrated E. S. P. Volunteers, awakened
much favorable comment as they swung
along, each man with one eye on his neigh-
bor, and the other on Curly; and each one
moralily certain that everybody was out of
step but he —yes, they looked fine; and their
General had good reason to be proud of them
as they wheeled smartly into ‘‘Parade Front’’
before the Reviewing stand, and stood stiffly
at ‘““‘Attention’’ while the Color-bearers went
down the Line with the Standards, then to
swing back into column formation, and foilow
0Old Glory as gaily, and as gladly as they
would follow it on foreign battle-field. If
the Kaiser could but have seen then, and
marked the do-or-die; and we-wonder-
if we’re-doing-it-right and  will-Curly-
be-pleased expression on their faces, he
would nave undoubtedly have called the war
off, and tried for a job on the. Chautauqua
Circuit, but more’s the pity h: couldn’t see
them, and Curly with all his genius didn’t
think of having a photo made, but we hope
he’ll take the hint, and rectify this omission.
Anyway, they looked the veterans of two
weeks that they really are, and if there were
Curly kept them -carefully
camouflaged—there, we vowed we’d never
use that word again.

And after the parade, there was amuse-
ment tor all tastes. For the studious plenty
of quiet nooks wherein to loaf and invite
one’s soul; for the conversationally inclined
comrades enough; and there were the games
enough for all, and of a variety to suit all
tastes. Croquet, Chess, Checkers, Dominoes,
Quoits, an exciting game of ball in one sec-
tion of the Yard, with an aura of frenzied

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALEiV—‘Clvothé;s-'brushes, ~ hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. s 650
TYPEWRITING — Dore at reason:ble rateb

B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpenv
at 5¢c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,

sth, Block S e 5

FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case
and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451,
1st Block.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent ¢ op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5c each.

FOR SALF — Watch fobs 50c each, and horqe-
hair links made to go on end of f0b= 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock. s

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see
my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,
FOR SALE—Birds. males and females:; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. '

Prices reason-

able. B 6523, 7th Block. :
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
models and half models of %hlpa B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire atock congisting
of beads. ladies’ headed hand bags, looms,
birds and caces. R R023 1st Rlock.

)y

fans imploring Kelly to ‘‘clide,’’ or chanting
in chorus, “‘Kill the Ump!”” while a Cabaret
Show with all the vicious features elimi-
nated was in full blast in another corner,
where tuneful tenors, ete., thrilled the au-
dience with their versions of the latest songs,
patriotic songs, with everybody joining in
the Chorus, and Masters of the Dance, and
Dancing Masters, exhibited their skill to
cheers and hand-clapping. Certainly it was
a large afternoon.

NOTICE

All men in the institution, who are holding
in their possession more than the permitted
number of library books, are requested to
deliver the surplus to the ‘‘library runner‘¢
on the first regular Library Day of their
block or gallery.

The failure to comply with this may result
in the forfeiture of library privileges.

Write down in plain figures at least twenty
or more selections of books on the reverse
side of your slate.

By ORDER OF WARDEN.

Mrs. Maud B. Booth was present on Sun-
day the 9th inst., with her Secratary, Mr.
Alexander Nicoll, and met the men in each
of the Corridors with an address that was
deeply felt and appreciated.
