---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_101.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia June 26, 1918

NO. 25

HOME RUNS

And now the Hon. Reuben C. is out on the
trail, and we expect to hear of his return al-
most any day with a delinquent P. V. or
two, in his train.

Mr. Abe Shaw, Jr., succeeds as Librarian,
and is prepared to furnish anything from
Plane Trigonometry to ‘‘Ten Acres and Lib-
erty,’”’ with equanimity, urbanity and des-
patch.

Mr John W. McKenty attended the meet-
ing of the Pardon Board at Harrisburg two
days of last week, and strove valiantly to
grease the ways for some of our applicants
for freedom. And he was successful in
bringing home the bacon in several instances.

Mack, erstwhile director of our Red Cross
work. descended on us Sunday in full uni-
form of the Ambulance Corps, and announced
that he would be sailing for the ‘‘Other
Side’’ on Tuesday, and that also about that
date he would be wearing the chevrons of a
Sergeant. Berlin papers, please copy.

Mr. Joseph Ursenbach has left the classic
shades of the Library for the wider sphere
of activity implied by a clerkship in the Pa-
role Office, where he is seen every day pa-
tiently practising that smile wherewith the
veteran clerk is prone to speed the parting
. guest.

Mr. E J. Connolly has passed from the
comparative obscurity of the Parole Office to
bask in the fierce white light which beats
upon the Front Office, where those who re-
tain pleasant recollections of his justly fa-
mous smile may find him any working-day
between the hours of 9 and 4.

Prof. Weigandt, for some nine years Mu-
sical Director, and Conductor of the E. S. P.
Band, will be leaving us on the First of
July, and there is a deep and abiding gloom
about the purlieus of the Band Room, for
when will they look upon his like again. Pa-
tient, considerate, helpful in ali that the
word implies, and a master of his art, he
will be missed by all.

Messrs. Bendel, Fairman, Pierce, Gold-
smith and Jas. Collins, of the D:y Force,
and Messrs. Nugent, Irwin, Clothkerty and
Tweed, of the Night Guards, are back from
a ten-days vacation. and report fish and mos-
quitoes biting equally well, and that spy-
hunting was never better. None of them
report any U-boat captures, tho one gentle-
man reports seeing one, but as this was at
3a m. of a ‘‘wel’’ morning— well, it may
* have been something eise.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK
Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Athletics

The A’s started off finely, by collecting a
full house; i. e. a brace of two baggers, and a
trio of singlesoff Bobbie’s delivery in the 1st
inning; but this pace was to swift for their
nerves, and they at once went to their old
and safer plan of gathering a basket-full of
goose-eggs; while the Printers recovering
from their surprise, attacked fiercely in the
5th and 6th innings and succeeded in recover-
ing all the ground lost, and a liittle more.

RS H. E.
Printers 0000120 3 3 0
Athletics 2000000 2 5 2
Cubs vs. ¥anks
The Cubs went on the rampage, and the
Yanks were utterly unable to hold them

down; they solved Harvey’s curves, and hung
the Indian sign on him for fair while the
Yank’s defence was about as effective as
mosquito-netting against sixteen inch shells;
results, a score of 7 to 3 in favor of the Cubs
and a Committee of Investigation sitting on
the Yanks.

R. H. E.
Cubs 30004 7 i/ b
Yanks 200001 3 2kl

Friday’s Games

Printers vs. Athletics

The A’s used up two twirlers in trying to
stay the triumphal march to viectory of the
Printers in today’s game, but to no avail;
the Press-men made ‘‘pi’’ of all their ef-
forts, and quit wearing the large end of an
11 to 8 score. The game was featured by a
home-run by Williamsport, and double-plays
by Kelly, Jack, and Lavender; and kept the
fans in a frenzy of excitemeéxt.

H. E.
Printers Sy 8 Al skl 8 )
Athleties 1000002 3 5 3

Bobby was on the mound for the Printers
striking out 9, walking 2, allowing 5 hits.
Frank was taken out at the end of the 4th in-
ning after striking out 3, walkirg 4, bean-
ning 2, and allowing 7 hits. Lavender then
went to the rescue of the A’y ~triking cutl,
walking 1, anc¢ allowing 1 hit.

Two-baggers—Jacoby, Stump,.and B 9234.

Umpire—Hook.

Cubs vs Yanks

The Cubs remembered the combination, in
so far as Harvey was concerned, and slammed
the pill all over the yard, reaching him for 6
hits, and free transportation for 3. D. C.

(Cbﬁ;inu,ed on page 4) :

A TRIBUTE, AND A WELCOME

It is with sincere regret that we chronicle
the retirement to private life on July 1st,
next, of Mr. Peter Enckler, Deputy-Warden
of this Institution. Connected with the
Eastern State Penitentiary in varying ca-
pacities for the space of some forty-two
years, he has in that time earned and kept,
the liking and respect of all who knew him,
and takes with him into his well-earned rest,
the sincere good-will of both Officers and
Inmates.

He has borne the burden of a difficult office
equitably and well, and his record of service
is free from any stain, or suspicion of stain
of injustice, or opyression. Hehas tempered
ever an even-handed justice, with an abiding
mercy, and the trembling culprit at his judg-
ment-seat was ever certain of being given
the benefit of the doubt, and equally certain
of the square deal. We are sure that we do
voice the sentiments of all in wishing to
him, long years of peace and contemtment
in the knowledge of a task well done.

Of his successors, Capt. W. N. Souder,
and Mr. Robert L. Myers, little need be
said, as the gentlemen in question are well
and favorably known to all, and no dread of
any impending revolution hangs like sword
of Damocles above our nightly pillow. We
know that under their joint, and kindly guard-
janship the E. S. P. will continue to pursue
the even tenor of it’s way, progressing always
to a far-off goal; and we are all sincerely
anxious to help them to the attainment of
that successful administration of which we
feel them to be deserving,—and just &s the
Curtain drops, let us whisperin the audience’s
ear that the new Second Deputy-to-be looks
real nifty in his new nniform.

PARDONS ISSUED JULY L

Harrisburg, June, 21.

Owing to the large number of cases acted
upon by the Sta'e Board of Pardons at it’s
June session; the iargest in the recent his-
tory of the tribunal, the pardons ~will
hardly be issued before July 1st. Reasons
will be worked out at once, and then sent to
the Governor for his action. This month
the Board sat for hearings on two consecu-
tive days, something which nas been done
only twice in the last decade.
