---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_102.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

MPIRE

o e memeer =

THE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. .

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Origingl matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, June 26, 1918.

PARDONED

It has long been a favorite dream of ours:
that of waking some sunny morning,and find-
ing a pardon in the left-hand pocket of our
pajamas; and we have spent many hours in
front of the mirror practising the smile we
would wear all that day; but until thatdream
materializes, if ever, we are driven to seek a
vicarious pleasure in the contemplation of
the happiness of others, who. are after the
manner aforesaid restored to home, and friends
and freedom.

There is no more popular—or less widely
used, with the possible exception of that
route that lies through the 7th Block corner—
method of leaving here than this. It is so
satisfyingly final; so all-embracing, you have
everything restored to you but the few little
trinkets of your trade the ‘‘cops’’ have kept
as souvenirs of the occasion; and you go forth
without a single string attached, feeling
yourself at perfect liberty to push through
the first setof swinging-doors that assail your
vision, without any necessity for any furtive
backward look to see if Rube, or R. L. M. is
anywhere in the vicinity.

But do you, Mr. Pardoned -Man, realize
your true status, and the full measure of the
responsibility that is yours? Society, thru
it’s aceredited heads, has washed your slate
clean; has given you back both freedom, and
citizenship; and yours is the task of proving
to all men by your works, that such hasbeen
no mistaken action, but a tardy justice, or a
deserved reward. You owe it to the com-
munity that has received you back in fullest
fellowship, and promises not to lock the back-
door whenever you are seen approaching;
you owe it to your fellows who may later
wish to appeal for just such justice, or clem-
ency as you have had, and whose destinies
your success, or failure; may influence: for
the world is so prone to lump us together,
and judge all by the success, or failure of one.
And one who comes after you, and is just as
worthy of thechance thatisyours, may find this
avenue to freedom shut, and barred, because
of your having momentarily laid aside your
load of responsibility, and taken on a load of
cheap booze, until the reserves need to be
called out to help you get rid of it. You owe

it to the friends, and loved ones who have

. believed in you, and fought for you, perhaps

thru long and weary years, believing in you
when all others denied, and who have hailed
with such sincere rejoicing your restoration
to their bosom; and lastly, you owe it to
yourself; to that better self which persists
thru all defeats, and stumblings, to try with

the best that is in you to prove that the con-

fidence that society has placed in you has
been no sentimental error in judgment, but
the true measure of a man. Be as Caesar’s
wife, above even suspicion, and keep the
faith with yourself, and your friends, and
your fellows; and should unmerited disaster
come, and discouragements press upon you,
and you seem to have lost the battle, don’t
throw a brick thru the nearest window, and
tell the admonitory ‘‘cop’ it is just your
humorous way of asking for a ticket to the
E. S. P., but rather fight on, for when one
battle is lost, you can generally count on
winning the next.

ABOLISHING A SCRAP HEAP

Atarecent meeting of the War-Work Coun-
cil of the Unitarian Church held in Cam-
bridge Mass., Lieut.-Com. Thomas M. Os-
borne, late warden of Sing Sing, now of the
Portsmouth Naval Prison, scid: ‘‘I took com-
mand of the prison on August 1st, 1917, and
we held a meeting of the prisoners that
night. I told them that the Secretary of the
Navy had sent me up there to help turn that
place from a scrap-heap into a repair-shop.
The Secretary’s last words to me before
leaving Washington were: ‘Now remember one
thing—go slow, Unfortunately I could not.
The boys wouldn’t let me. Before a week
was out they had decided to form a branch
of :1e Mi1.ua Wa'fare League When I went
there, there were 304 prisoners, 170 in the
main prison. There were 160 guards for the
170, forty of them onduty ata time. Wehave
now 1,814 persons in the main prison and only
ten guards at a time. Since I have been
there 538 men have been returned from the
prison to the service, an average of about
two a day. So I think we are conserving
the best in the country. Of the 538 only
twelve have been returned to prison.

““Many people say, ‘Of course you find the
material at Portsmouth very different from
the material at Sing Sing.” Not at all. It
is funny how much alike it is. They are
precisely the same human beings down at
bottom. Some old acquaintances of mine
have turned up. * But as arule the former ac-
tivities of the boys at Portsmouth have been
honest, while the former activities of the
men at Sing Sing in the main have not been
honest. Down at the bottom human nature
is the same. 1t does notmake any difference
whether you classify. them by ages, or
whether you classify them by former occup-
ations, you find precsiely the same variety

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the , Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

F'piscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 38rd Thursday each month, 9.30
AN ST &S rd Thufsdays each month
2 P.M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

of human nature. Any system which does
not allow for the individual difference will be
certain to be a failure. That is the tragic
failure of the old prison system, that it
treated every man alike except those who
were able to pull strings of some kind or get
special favors. It treated every man alike
and had a theoretical man, for whom the
system was intended, who never existed.

WHY NOT UTILIZE PRISONERS?

At the time of the last census one hundred
and eleven thousand persons were confined
in penal institutions in the United States.
As population has increased, the number is
doubtless larger now. A great majority of
these prisoners would fight for the United
States as readily as men outside.

A great majority would gain self-respect
and courage and hope from theidea that they
were doing something to help win the war.

Prisoners by and large, have been one of
our notable failures. We have punished them
for a fault and generally turned them out in
a condition where they were less competent to
avoid faults than when they went in. The
common effect of prison regimen has been
to mark men off and shut them out from
their fellowmen. This war raises the gre-
garious instinct, the impulse to fellowship, to
its greatest height.

Prisoners are entitled to take their share
in the common lot and participate consciously
in the fate of their country. They are en-
titled to feel that they are doing something
to help win the war. Wherever it can
possibly be managed they should be put ut
work thtat- has a tangible connection with
the war. _

President Wilson has approved and even
urged a proposal to employ prison labor at
the Atlanta Penitentiary in making cotton
duck for the use of the Army. The priscn-
ers should always be employed in useful,
educational work —free from thestupid explo-
itation of the old lease—and—contract prison
—labor scheme—goes without sayving. Now
especial effort should be made to put prison-
ers at work that directly suggest helping
to win the war.
