---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_103.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE -

3

e T e e RS O P SIS ST S S S
= ——

NEWS AND COMMENT

21 vessels sunk to date of June 18th. by
U-boats off the Atlantic coast. Which means
we must add 21 more toour building program.

General Leonard Wood may lerd an Ameri-
can Expeditionary Force to Siberia. Is this
another way of giving L.im the cold shoulder.

Red Cross calls for 20,000 nurses for Army
and Navy hospitals in United States and
abroad. Do we hear any response from the
2nd Block?

German newspapers promise that their
U-boats will bombard American ports in the
near future. Is Philadelphia a port in the
German estimation?

Since the crucifixion of two American
Soldiers by the Germans in the Toul Sector,
our boys are shooting their Huns first, and
accepting their offer to surrender after-
wards. And we don’t blame them.

Another year of War Bread certain.
There will be no food to waste for some
time to come, says Food Adniinistration,
despite promised wheat crop of 930,000,000
bushels. Goed Night!

Exemption from Draft refused miners.
There are now 24,000 less mine-workers than
at the beginning of the war. This speaks
well for their patriotism, but locks bad for

the public—and us.

American losses in killed, wounded and
missing are now averaging in excess of 100
a "day.t Lotal to June 16; Dead, 3,192,
wounded, 4,547; missing 346. For German
losses to same date add naughts to suit taste.

An English anthropologist has discovered
that the human face is changing it’s shape.
In strictest confidence we will say that we
are not displeased to learn this, we have
been dissatisfied with ours for many years.

A wealthy young man in Syracuse N. Y.
was arrested for idling in War-time. He
informed the Court that he had never worked,
did not consider it necessary to work, and
would not work. He got six months at hard
labor. If they’ll do this to the Idle Rich,
they'll probably electrocute the poor ‘‘hobo.”’

200,000 young men who are physically un-
fit for active service at the Front will be
drafted fcr laber. 9000 have already been
called out to work in the spruce forests of
the West where lumber is being prepared
for the Aviation Service. {tlooks like a hard
summer for idlers and slackers.

THE QUESTION

Dear, when 1 come back to you,
In a coming Golden Day,

Will I find you false, or true?
Will you bid me go, or stay?

For the burden of these years,
Shall T find a sweet-redress?

Recompense for all my tears,
In your added tenderness.

Should I look into your eyes,
And no answering spark be there;
Freedom were a sorry prize,
Knowing that you did not care.

If I should but find a grave,
Hidden in the grasses high;

Holding all that I would have,
What were left me but to die?

I would have you greet me thus:
Like to lovers parted long;

Remembering the olden trust,
Forgetful of the olden wrong.

I would have my weary head,
Lie upon your bosum’s snow;
While some tender word you said
Selling all that I would know:

’

Saying, ‘‘I was ever brave,’’
Answering, ‘‘I was ever true.’’

This the greeting that I crave,
Dear, when I come back to you.

GOOD OMEN OR ILL?

It is said Gov. Brumbaugh will take up at
once the question of placing all abled-bodied
prisoners at work on State highways. An
Act of 1917 gives authority, but the Gov-
ernor apparently is not clear about the
method of procedure—a fix the many County
Commissioners also seem to be in. He has
asked Attorney-General Brown for an opin-
ion, and this will be sent broad-cast through-
out the State.

~ T &

The 2nd. Block reports that it is doing its

““pbit’’ as well as maybe.
Some 40 sweaters for our soldier boys

have already been knitted; and some three
dozen additional are in process of being
completed.

e

The Naval Physician whose hoard of food
supplies was seized by the Washington au-
thorities, had five hundred and fifty-two cars
of soup in his cellar. The evidence would
certainly aedquit him of ever having been in

the E. S. P.

A record of murders of the last ten years
has been kept by the Chicago Herald, and
that record proves that 53,556 murders have
been committed during that pericd by men
under the influence of liquor Business of
right hand being held up, “while deponent
saith ““‘Never Again.”’

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Overheard on the 4th. Block about 9 A. M.

Doctor: ‘‘Do you assimilate your food eas-
ily?”’

4th. Block Citizen:—‘‘No sah! No sah! Not
me! I gets it rig‘h;: off d*at truclkeg?

Loosen up and buy War Saving Stamps.
How would you like to fight and die for a
tight-wad? Are you going to make somebody

- elsedoit?

* *
£
““Look here, my man,’’ said the sergeant
to the young recruit, ‘‘are you willing to die
for your country?”’
‘‘No sir,’’ he replied, ‘“but I'm willing to
make a German die for his.”’
* . k
A friend of ours reports that he has gotten
so fat since he has joined the army that he
has to wear his wrist-watch on his thumb.
It’s something more than patriotism that's
calling us now!

% *
X

‘“Don’t you think the new minister offers
up a good prayer?’’ was asked of the old
colored janitor, by one of the deacons.

‘‘Ah mos’ suttinly does, boss. Why dat man
axed de Lawd fo’ things dat de odder preach-
er nebbuh knew He had!”’

* *
ES

‘““Hello, Bill. Where you workin’ now?”’
‘“Why, in the Plumbing school.”’
‘“How do you like it?”’
““It’s fierce! Nothin’ but work, work, work
from morning ’till night.”’
““How loug you been workin’ there?’’
“Oh, I start to-morrow morning!’’
% *
*

Scene: Bertillion room.

Characters: Tom Collins, and new arrival—
J. W. off-stage.

Tom;— (just before pressing button) ‘‘And
how would you like a little drink?’’

(Business of J. W. clinking glasses in dark -
room.)

New arrival (pleasantly surprised) ‘‘Sure.”’

Photograph is taken.

New Arrival-— (as he is being shooed from
the chair) —‘‘How about that little drink? ’

Tom— ‘‘Oh that was just so you would look
natural!”’

Curtain—Fire-works.

* *
ES

The War Gardens are blooming fair,
There’s radishes, and lettuce there;
And onions rounding to such form,
Would take an anchorite to scorn,
And envious eyes are on them, too,
How they would glorify a stew!

And mingle with the fried potatoes!
There’s promise soon of ripe tomatoes;
And one lone watermelon-vine,

The First Block watches all the time!
Yet there are folks would leave such guarden,
Behind them had they but a Pardon.
