---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_104.jpg
---
&

THE UMPIRE

m

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.

Printers 23 76T Yankees ST 29BN I6T

Cubs 22 SET33 Athletics 6 24 200
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wia s Pct: W. L. Pet.

Chicago ST 1685 Philies 24 29 453

New York 35 19 648 Pittsburg 24 31 436

Boston - 29 28 509 Brooklyn 23 30 434

Cincinatti 24 32 429 St. Louis 21 31 404
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wasl o Pet! W. L. Pet.

Boston 36 24 600 Chicago 2T 2T 500,

New York 32 24 571 St. Louis 27931 466

Cleveland 3527 565 Detroit 22 =32 407

500 21 375

Washingt'n 31 31
HONOR CLUB NOTES

Receipts of the week were: from Circula-
ting Library sales, $5.25; other sales, $7.75.
Expenditures, Tape, $.66; Subscription to
Sporting News, $2.00; B 6263, Toy Birds,
$4.00; Rogers, Thurman & Co., swivels,
$9.26; B 8045 Loan, $3.00; John Wanamaker,
check-books, typewriter ribbons, and oil,
$3.15; B 7419, swivels, $1.00; B 5988, Inlaid
Humidor; $8.00; War Savings Stamps, $1.00.

The Saturday half-holiday went off as sue-
cessfully as any American sixteen-inch shell,
and if there were any lurking glooms about
the E. S. P. they never survived that after-
noon, with it’s Pee-rade, and Ball-game, and
Outdoor vaudeville show, staged with stay-
at-home talent.

The parade was some s1x blocks long, twice
as musical, and three times as military, even
the non-volunteer head of it stepping out
with a care-free abandon which indicated an
entire absence of either sore, or cold feet,
and would have utterly disheartened any spy
who might have been watching, and those
pro-Germans who prefer to stand and look
on while the good American marches, why
even the ranks of Germany could scarc re-
frain from cheering as that colorful proces-
sion passed. We regret the use of so harsh
a word as pro-Germans, but what else can
they be? They won’t march, they show in
many instances an entire indifference to the
fact that ‘‘the Flag goes by,’’ and when one
stands on the side-lines, and doesn’t root for
the home team, he musn’t object to being
classed as favoring the enemy.

There was a ball-game of course,—we
didn’t see it, but we heard it’s echoes, and
games of other and quieter sorts, and how
anyone can become excited over the winning
of a game of chess, we can never hope to
understand, the winning of another ride on
a merry-go-round would excite us mcre,.
But the feature of the afternoon was the
open-air vaudeville show staged at the Store
House grounds, where obedient to the tinkle
of a piano, our colored comedy artists, sang
and danced, and cake-walked their way to a

Athletics 35

= Top e

triumphant finish to a Golden afternoon.

There was a real ‘‘cake’’ for the cake-
walkers, cleverly camoflaged to both audi-
ence, and recipients, as a loaf of war-bread,
but anyone could see by ‘‘Bill’s’’ handling of
it, that he intended to sleep that night with
it under his pillow. Some half-a-dozen sons
of Italy gave an exhibition of the national
game of Morrs, and the audience is still
wondering who won, and finished by danc-
ing the tarantella or some such dance. D. C.
sang ‘‘I’m All Bound Round with the Mason-
Dixon Line’’ at the request of the Warden,
who was an interested and pleased spectator,
and almost moved the Southern element in
the audience to tears by that yearning note
he managed to insert therein. Everybody
was sorry when the bugle sounded the
‘“‘Assembly’’ and rising to their feet at the
Warden’s call, sang with a will, the first
verse of ‘‘My Country ’Tis of Thee,’” and so
ended a Perfect Day. ;

—B 8266, Secretary.

BASEBALL
(Continued from page 1)

was a bit wild, but the Yanks seemed unable,
or were too much the gentlemen to take ad-
vantage of the fact, and D. C. was right
there with a free pass for almost anyone
who asked, but most got off at the flrst sta-
tion refusing toride further at the gentlmen’s
expence.

R. H. E.
Cubs 04123290 6 6 2
Yanks 000011 2 3 3

Three bagger —Dock
Double-play—Mally.
Umpire—O’Brien.

Monday’s Games

Printers vs. Yankees

The Printers seemed to hit the Yank’s
pitchers almost at will in to-day’s game, altho
the unforunate Yanks used up three of them
in their attempt to stop the ‘‘Presses;’’ while
Jacoby pitched a water-tight game for the
Press-men, and was never in danger from
the first inning when the Yanks managed to
grab off the run which saved them from a
superior brand of kalsomining.

Printers 0004410 9 13 3
Yanks 12002080 xSl BEeA(

Double—play by John.

3-bagger— B 8812.

2-baggers—Bobbie, Jacoby, Baum, Johnny
and Bud. A

Struck outby Jacoby, 7; by Spookie, 3, Bud,
1; by Saxophone, O.

Umpire—O’Brien.

Cubs vs. Athletics

Cubs

2
A’s 0

S
o ©
w o =

1:0°2°2°0-2
000000

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use

. of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brﬁshes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING — Done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ¥

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block.

FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case
and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451,
1st Block. :

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALF - Watch fobs 50¢ each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob
of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see
my samples. Expert worker. R R936, 1st B,

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
modgls and balwf modg_]s of ship§;> B 3847,7}3_.
WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting
of beads. ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

LOOK—TFirst-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price. 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid. $1.00
B 3070, 1st Block.

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

The meeting of Chaplain Jos. Welch’s
Bible School held- on Wednesday afternocn
June 19 was without doubt one of the best
meetings yet held by this class, a remarkably
large attendence and pleasant weather seem-
ed to enthuse those who had charge. Mr.
Frank Dipple was in his usual good spirits
and after a brief address, lead the class in
the reading of the day’s lesson ‘‘Jesus on the
Cross’” Mark I5 - 22 to 39. Mr. George San-
ville was again with us and conducted an ele-
gant song service. Chaplain Weleh led the
boys in the recitation of The Lords Prayer
in unison, and also made a brief address

The speaker for the afternoon was William
Barnes Lower D. D. minister of Holy Trinity
Presbyterian Church, of this city. Rev.
Lower is a man who has traveled extensively
through all quarters of the civilized world
and certainly proved his ability asan orator.
No man with any feeling could fzil to be im-
bressed by the plea he made to the boys to
lead good clean lives.

Prices reason-

— B 7291.
