---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_105.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia July 3, 1918

NO. 26

HOME RUNS

Mr. ‘“Jimmy’’ Johnson, late of the Front
Office, now of the National Army, ran up
from Camp Meade, and paid the Institution
a short visit, on Sunday. Jimmy said that
he expacted to adorn the guard-house on his
return—No, you’re wrong, he only expected
to lose his train, and so be forced to overstay
~ his leave.

Mr. ‘‘Johnny’’ McKenty, and Mr. Joe
Ursenbach came stealing in at 3.30 a.m. one
night last week —no you’re wrong again, it
was a P.V. they had, and not a ‘‘bundle.”’

Cap. Parker took a night off last week, and
is reported to have gone to a Show We
would advise some of his colleagues to “‘go
thou, and do likewise,’’ if the mere seeing
of a Show will make anyone look as chipper
as he did on the ensuing night.

Prof. Weigandt left on Monday morning to
take up his duties with the Steel Company’s
Band at Bethlehem. And for once in our
lives the most of us are willing to take
‘‘something just as good.’’

The Hons. Bob, Rube and Jim, are said
to be planning a short ‘‘session’ for this
week. The Hon. Bob is frankly out for re-
venge, and the R & J combination are
wonlering just what sector he is going to
attack.

Mrs. Bartlett, Mrs. Simonin and Mrs.
Gates, of the Kings Daughters are going
away for their summer vacation. Their
Monday visit will be their last until after
September first. They will be missed by
many, even for so short a period.

Miss Elsie McKenty is acquiring a reputa-
tion as a Bond saleswoman, and is about
due for an Honor Flag, or something, from
Mr. McAdoo. She has sold 48, and is said to
have a line of talk already prepared for the
next Drive, which will make the most
miserly of men, yell, ‘‘Don’t shoot! please,
I’ll come across.’”’

Messrs. F. Kelly, McGrane, W. Myers,
Hincheliffe, McDonald, and Duff, of the Day
Force; and M »ssrs. Colflesh, Lentz, Andrews,
and M-:Caughin, of the Night Guards, are
expected back from their ten-day vacation
to-day —that is, if a submarine. didn’t get
them. s i

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK
Wednesday’s’ Games

Printers vs. Yankees

The Printers rose up and smote the Yanks
under the fifth rib in today’s game, removed
their quivering hide, and hung it on the Gar-
age door, and did other things to them which
it would be impolite to mention. = Their bag
was 1 home run, 1 three-bagger, 8 two-bag-
gers, 10 singles, and 3 passes, for which they
received 12 runs. Spookie must have been
up nights to read pacifist literature.

Athletics vs. Cubs

The Cubs gave the A’s a battle up to the
very last inning in today’s game, which left
the A’s one run to the good. The Bear-cats
seemed unable to realize that even the pow-
liest wom will turn if to long trodden upon,
and we venture to predict that the A’s are
tired of being used as a punching-bag, and
are out for blood and fur. The Cubs could
get the hits, but their runners would get
side-tracked.

Thursday’s Game

Athletics vs. Cubs

Slim, manager for the Cubs, protested
Wednesday’s game ¢n the grounds of the
Umpires of that day’s failing eye-sight, and
and in the play-off the Cubs justified their
managers faith in their ability to see a loop-
hole, and crawl thru it, by winning thru the
medium of an error, and a couple of free
passes.

Friday’s Games
Printers vs. Yankees

The Printers did to Bud in today’s game
about all a positively brilliant imagination
could compass. They had the fielders tongues
hanging out befcre the game was half over,
and they kept the air so filled with balls that
our militery men were able to get some ex-
cellent practicein the art of dodging. Jacoby
was a bit wild at times, but no more so than
his comrades, and the Yanks infinitely pre-
ferred his brand of wildness to the other.

Athletics vs.Cubs

The A’s were out for revenge in today’s
game, and only the fact that D. C. got des-
perate in the 6th and drove the ball into the

dim and middle distance for a homer, saved,

them from the most artistic of kalsoming;
but we are assured by the A’s manager that
this is only delayed and not abandoned.

Music hath charms, but how about a
phonograph? o

operations

GOOD-BY, AND GOOD LUCK

On Saturday noon, last, all those Officials,
and Guards, of the Institution, who could be
spared from their duties gathered in the
Center, for the purpose of saying ‘‘good-by,’’
and the presentation of a material token of
their sincere regard for the retiring Deputy-
Warden, Mr. Peter Enckler.

This token, which took the form of a beau-
tiful I. O. O. F. Emblem, fittingly inscribed,
was presented by Warden RobertJ. McKenty,
as spokesman for the donors; and he paid a
splendid and deserved tribute to the man in
his presentation speech. He spoke feelingly
of his many years of unremitting service,
and of the high esteem in which he was held
by all, and then placed the Emblem in his
hands as the tangible and imperishable evi-
dence of that regard.

The recipient was so overcome by emotion
as to be unable to respond in words, and was
compelled to ask the Warden to voice his
thanks, and deep appreciation of the gift.

Then came AR432, Vice-President of the
H.F.C.bearing the gift of the Inmate
Organization; a fine Inlaid Humidor, filled
with his favorite brand. The speaker was a
bit choked up himself—for he,of all the
inmates,best knew the man whom he was
thus honoring—but was able to put in words
the sincere and abiding regard in which the
retiring Official was held by the entire In-
mate body,and how sincere was their regiet
at losing him. ;

A NEW SHOP OPENS

The new Sox and Underwear Shop begins
to-day, June, 26, by the setting
going of a dozen hand-machines for the
making of Sox.The larger newest-model ma-
chines for Underwear and Sox,are yet lack-
ing their motors,but these are expected to
arrive within a few days,and be installed,
when approximately one hundred men will
be given employment; which will greatly-
lessen the number of idle hands in the
Institution. j

The old school-rooms have been thoroly
made over by Mr. Gillespie’s expert workers,
and present a very fair imitation of a Stone
& Webster ‘ plant;”” and Mr. Hornberger’s
operatives are assured of every convenience
for the plying of their trade. Underwear
and sox of the best grades are expected to
be turned out in quantity in the near future.

The privileges of the Yard on evenings has
been granted to inmates of the Kansas State
Prison by Warden Codding.
