---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_106.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

-_— —se—_— e e €™ e

e

"THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its re~ders.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

I had:ihalial W

OUR BRAND OF SLACKER

The prison slacker—whom to our sorrow
we have always with us—is one whose single,
and dominating idea is self; and who is ut-
terly uaregardful of his duty to his fellows,
and to society. Such are usually artists in
the art of *‘getiing by’’ with the least possi-
ble expenditure of time—they usually count
on putting in six-months of a ten year “‘bit”’
—and enargy, and their like can be found
any day between the hours of 8 00 and 4.30,
Somewhere in the Yard, usually propping up
some portion of the wall, retaining to a bored,
and inattentive audience—should the audience
escape, they sometimes have been known to
keep on talking to themselves—hcw the D.
A., or the ““Cops’’ had ‘‘framed them up,”’
and the full details of the big ‘‘job’’ they
‘‘pulled off’’ back in 94, or just what changes
they would make in the running of this place
were they the Warden; or how quickly they
could win the war were they President Wil-
son, or the Kaiser; and they always end their
“‘moving’’—some of them would make apar-
alytic take up his bed, and walk—tale, with
a request for the loan of the makin’s, or. a
match, or something. You all know them.

It is the prison slackers profound, and in-
eradicable belief that rules are made for the
other fellow to observe, and not for him, and
therefore he goes ahead and blithely breaks
them, quite careless of what effect such per-
formance would have, should it be discovered
—and it always is—upon the privileges of
hundreds of his fellows, who are trying con-
scientiously to deserve the tiust that has
been reposed in them. There is no thought
in their alleged mind but the gratification of
self, and mostly, should they be caught, they
are too cowardly to take the consequences
without squealing, but usually try to impli-
cate as many of their comrades zs possible,
in the hope that in numbers there will be
safety for themselves, and, of course, they
were the tempted, and not the tempter; and
equally, of course, they were quite ignorant
of the fact that they were doing wrong, for-
getting—or ignoring—the fact thatignorance
is no excuse in the eyes of anyone; and then,
should they ‘‘win out’’ they go forth and
boast of how cleverly they pull:d the wool
over the Officials eyes.

The prison slacker usually writes home as
often—and sometimes oftener than—as per-
mitted. and to a wife, or mother, who is per-
haps supperting a family by taking in wash-
ing, recites a terrible tale of privation, and
begs for just a dollar to save him from self-
destruction, and the poor, deluded woman
generally puts off the buving of a new dress
till next vear—when he’ll be right there with
the same request—and sends it; igrorant of
the fact that she could render a real service
to humanity, and the E. S. P., by telling

. him to go ahead, and do it.

- The prison slacker is the man who side-
steps an opportunity to work, and make a

little mon=sy. with an alacrity which borders -

on the marvelous, who has a chronie ‘‘pain
in the back’ whizh forces him to lie recum-
bent upon his bed. and smoke innumerable
cigarettes. to snothe his permanentlv shat-
tered nerves, —they were <hattered back in
’98, when he did six months on the stone-
pile—while he reads some form of light lit-
erature, or who sunshimselfalldayinthe Yard,
where his consent can be easily won for a
game of checkers,or dominoes,but who balks
at any real exertion like croquet.And
usually when the time comes for his leaving
or any sudden need of money arises, he takes
up a collection among his charitable,and
gullible fellows,or hits up the H. F. C.

He is the chap who wants to see the
Warden,or the Deputy,or the Doctor,every
day—if he can’t see them,he’ll write them
interminable letters-—and recite some tale of
woe,or ask some impossible thing:and then
howls like a coyote,and talks rapidly about
injustice,and oppression,and partiality,if all
he asks isn’t at once given him.

There have been many methods proposed
for the suppression of the prison slacker,but
nothing has yet been found that will do the
work without hopelessly messing up the place.
A light sprinkling of paris-green might be
efficacious.

ONE “KNOCK,” ONE “BOOST”

The subjoined communications will speak
for themselves. Comment is needless; ex-
cept to say that they represent two diamet-
rically opposite views of ourselves.

To the Editor of THE BULLETIN.

Sir: Mrs Ballington Booth, President of
the Nationai Volunteer Prison League, sug-
gested that the inmates of the Eastern Peni-
tentiary be allowed their freedom to serve in
the U. S. Army. This sure is a fine idea to
allow a gang of former crooks of every dis-
tinction to associate with the men of our
army. Mrs. Booth also claims that in years
to come when these men are asked what they
have done for their country they will feel
ashamed and will be ecalled slackers. Just
imagine a man trying to shame a convict.

May I offer a mild suggestion? Why not

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 38rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 38rd Thursdays each month
2P M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending June 26 th,

17
Released ¢ , *¢ & $ iy 4
Prison population o Sealdly
Latest serial Number i ‘B 9281

close up all the police stations so that the
manufacturers of jimmies, sand bags and
other instruments used in the gentle art of
burglary do not starve? Our army was
madé for men and prisons for convicts.
E. Mc.
(Army regulations prevent the enlistment
or drafting of convicts, so Mrs. Booth’s plea
is of no avail.)

To the Editor of THE BULLETIN.

Sir: In reply to ““E. Mc.”’ on the subject
of convicts in the Army I wish to say that
it was with utmost regret that I read such
an article written by an American citizen or
soldier. I am ashamed to know we have
such narrow-minded men living today in this
great crisis of the world. There is not one
living soul good enough to condemn another.
There is many a man behind prison bars to-
day who has no right to be there. But be-
cause he did not have the politics ana
money, he is there. Others there are who
have their freedom, but are not fit comp:n-
ions to stand beside many a prison man. In

the Bible it reads: ‘‘rather one -sinner who
hath repented, than ninety-nine just men.”’

Many sacriflces have been made by the men -
at the Eastern Penitentiary, such as sending
money out for Liberty Bonds, W. S. S. and
in helping to fill the War Chest. If those
splendid men are not good enough for our
men in the Army or Navy, or factory, then
their money certainly ought not be good
enough.
CONSTANT READER.

The Judiciary Committee of the House of
Representatives has favorably reported on
the Attorney-General’s recommendation for
a 1,000 acre addition to the Atlanti¢. Prison
farm. : e
