---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_107.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

m‘_——_————-‘—“———————*__“

NEWS AND COMMENT

Coldest June 23rd on record. Snow up-
State, and trout streams frozen—and me too.

Congress prepares for 8 more yearsof war,
and makes appropriations on that basis.
At that rate we may get in it yet.

900,000 Americans now in France. They
hold 38 miles of Front, in six different
Sectors, and are expanding daily. We’re
going over! ;

Austrians defeated by Italians, on the
Piave, with loss of 40 000 prisoners and im-
mense booty. And somebody said those
‘““Wops’’ wouldn’t fight.

Philadelphia Food Acdministration requests
that every dav be made a fish dav. We im-
plore the local Administration to turn a deaf
ear to this plea.

220,000 men to be called for service between
July 22d, and 25th. Pennsylvania’s quota to

be 11,700, to be sent to Camp Lee. Did
anybody say ‘“‘Here¢!”’
Inmates of Wisconsin State Prison at

Waipun, donate $195.10 to the Smoke Fund
for our Boys in France. This is just a gen-
tle hint to Curly to start something.

The next Liberty Loan will probably be
offered in October, and it is expected will be
for $6,000,900,000, at th= same rate of interest,
419% as the last loan. Better be saving
your money boys.

The principal feature of the Nation’s In-
dependence Day celebration will be the
launching of 89 ships, of a total tonnage of
439,886 dead-weight tons. There’s a splash
that will be heard in Germany.

Henry Ford, at the request of President

Wilscn, accepts Democratic neminaticn for
Senator from Michigan. If Henry can ‘‘speed
up’’ the Senate, he wiil acenmplish more
than any other mortal man ever did.
» Government will control labor sunply after
August 1st; factories not working on Army
or Navy jobs will not be able to secure
workers. What are we working or? Will
we be able to secure any recruits after that
date? s '

A German Officer taken prisoner by the
Americans says Germany is now using- all
her criminals in the ranks upon the Western
Front, and that these released criminals
form 20% of the st rming battalicns; 10%
of the Infantry, and 5% of the Artillery.
Shouldn’t birds of a f=1ther fight to jether.

INDEPENDENCE DAY

Oh, rouse you now to the sound of drums,

And prove you true when your hour comes.

fn your country’s hour of utmost need,

Answering not to the call of greed.

Giving ungrudgingly all you should,

Of gold, or service, or own hearts bloods.

If you do this, you shall do well,

And your children’s children the tale shall
tell.

The olden tale, they tell it still:
—And where’s the heart that does not
thrill?—

Of hale beneath the gallows-tree;
Deaf to the fife’s insulting play,
And crying, ‘I regret to-day,

I've but one life to give to thee,

My country!”’

If you shrink from the cost, however great,

You are not worthy your high estate.

The sword you have drawn shall set men free;

And how well you have chosen your sons
shall see.

So count not the cost till the task be done:

And look not back till the fight be won;

Lest the flame on your altars sink, and die,

And your freedom be but a li\"ﬁng lie.

There’s Lawrence on his bloody deck;

His good ship but a shattered wreck:
Fast in the foeman’s grip.

Woundod and dying, as he knew;

Yet still to duty, staunch, and true:

His last word, ‘‘Don’t give up the ship!’’
Will you give less than your fathers gave?
Will you do less than your storied brave?

Is the question that waits your answer now,
That you’ve put your hand atlast to the plow?
Shall Freedom now have;a newer birth,

Or perish forever from off the earth?

Will you be freeman still, or slave?

Oh, answer as befits the brave!

In your hour of doubt—and be sure 'twill
come— '

When you say ‘‘What avails it all that
we’ve done?’”

Let Paul Jones answer you aright;
Scarce could he strike an answering blow;
Yet called to surrender. answers, ‘‘No!

I have not yet begun to fight!’’

The State Board of Parole of New York,
in reporting that 25 per cent of that State’s
prisoners violated their parole in 1917, ex-
presses disappointment that the percentage
should be so large, to which the New Era
replies: ‘“While we would be gratified if the
percentage were smaller, yet the fact that
75 per cent make good, certainly does not
furnish ground for discouragement. If one
hundred ordinary citizens should be subjected
to the same severe test as is imposed upon
a man by the parole surveillance for one
year, would three-fourths of them do as
well?”’

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

If this war is going to turn us into anation
of wrist-watch wearers, we demand that it
be stopped right now.

* % *

‘“‘Say Bill, do you think Friday unlucky?’’

““No.. I was born on a Friday.”’

‘““Well, and what do your parents think?”’

* *

*
Hotel Clerk—‘“Would you like a room with
a bath?”’
Claude—"’Certainly not; thisain’t Saturday
night, this is only Tuesday.’’

* *
¥

On the pier a friend asked a departing
Sammee to name what book he would like to
have sent him. Sammee thinks a moment
and says, ‘‘send me a good guide to Berlin.”’

% %
£ 3

Poilu(on short leave) ‘“Where is your Mis-
tress’s maid?’’

Suzette— ‘‘Upstairs,
Madam’s hair.”’

Poilu— ‘‘And Madam—is she with her?”’

% *
*

There have been a number of changes in
the Institution lately. We will merely men-
tion one among many. The chaps who used
to play checkers ete., on the sunny side of
the 12th. Block, have moved over to the
shady side. ¥ :

M’sieu’, arranging

* *
*

We don’t doubt that all of us acknowledge
the truth of the statement that no one can
take their money with them into the next
world; but there are some of our number
who undoubtedly believe in taking it as far
as they can.

* *
3

Our Stenog’ is a strong believer in conser-
vation. To Illustrate this, he wrote a letter
recently on a full sheet of paper, which
when he had it finished he discovered it
would have gone on a half-sheet. Yes, he
re-wrote it on a half-sheet.

* *
*

An expert in such matters proclaims that
potatoes are much better for their being
gently boiled. We pass this information on
to Mr. Stackhouse for what it is worth, and
beg of him not to allow his ‘‘hands’’ to deal
to harshly with the ‘‘spuds’’ in future.

* * *

One hastens by the twelfth Block corner,
Where mandolins are softly twanging;

To, by the band-room, hear a horn, or
Maybe the bass-drum a-banging.

And choirs are heard in sundry places,
A-practicing next Sunday’s anthem:

Tho of the tune they lose all traces,

They never let such matter daunt them.

And when the phonographs are going,
And our ‘‘Caruso’’ lifts his voice;

With half-a-dozen horns a-going,
Why boys, the trenches are my choice!
