---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_108.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

4
tained from the H. F. C. Library at a costof THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN
E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING 2c. per day. There’s a wide range of choice,
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pect. and the wants of all can be Sat_ISﬁed’ from Notice for adverﬁisements must come through your
Printers 26 7 788 | Yankees 8 95 242 those lovers of the penny-dreadful, to those Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
Cubs 24BN OO | Athletics 7 2 212 who read Coke on Littleton, and like it. thn advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
RN Just send for the Librarian if you are inter- °f ‘Aid’r f°1“tm" o
e lONAL DEAGU RSN I e:ted, and he won’t be more than 10 min- FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
WoaLce p o W. L. pet. Utes answering your call, he’s that kind of and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35c to
Chicago dog 17 iz S R hilies Suie o8 32 SRGURE o Ho ! $1.50. B 1f§1 Tth Block. &)
New York 41 20 672 | Pittsburg 27 33 450 Saturday was a fine day for a half-holiday, TYPrLWRITING —Done at reasonable rates
Boston 30 “38°W 476+ Brooklyn & 255 Bdind2a s MR L SR L e et bt B 7380, 3rd Block.
Cincinatti 24 32 407 St. Louis 23 36 390 o o )k’) ']g P 1 K = r Y> WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
AMERICAN LEAGUE TANDING that is, e.zvery ody y ut 3 Tew slackers, whom ¢ 55 4 pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.
C L i S thg President, to his great regret, was forced UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
kb i o HOATREE) for the afternoon. It was a very 8th Block.
Boston 38 28 576 | Chicago 30 31 492 Decessary disciplinary measure, as, if the FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case -
New York 36 26 581 | St. Louis 30 35 462 thing had been allowed to continue there and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451,
Cleveland 39 29 574 | Detroit 25 32 417 would have 00N been no p;,lrade, but a]l st BlOCk. Sl e
Washingt’'n 36 32 529 Athletics 22 Excellent op-

e e, e

Y

H()V()l% L] UB NOTES

At the Delegate meeting of June, 25th,
the following were admitted to membership
in the Club: new members; B 5191-25¢; 9137-
10e5:9170, 9217, 9210, 9246, 9249, 9241, 9245,
9211, 9240, 9242, 9243, 6267; and re-instated,
B 7722, 8494. The Treasurer’s report showed
a balance of $14.39 in the Club Treasury.
Miss Sarah J. Davault was unanimously
elected to Honorarv Membership in the Club.
The appointment of B 9122 as Delegate of the
8th Block, and the dismissal of B 5936, Dele-
gate for the 12-1 Gallery, for neglect of duty,
was announced.

Expenditures for the week were as follows:
repairing eye-glasses for B 5355, $1.25; To-
bacco, for presentation purpcses, $.85; War
Savings Stamps, $1.00

Receipts of the week; from Circulating Li-
brary, $5 25; Sales, $4.15; donations $.70.

The Croquet Ground is in the best of shape
these days, and the aged and infirm, and for
a goodly portion of the day, the young also,
exercise skill and patience in endeavoring to
coax a maddeningly obstinate ball thru an
always elusive wicket. But it’s good exer-
cise for both muscles, and temper at least.

A collection has been taken up for the pur-
pose of purchasing a new set, and this will
soon be added to the present outfit. There
are persistent rumors, which will not down,
that the President has challenged the Vlce-
President to a game, on the coming Fourth,
no holds barred; with the Chairman of the
Board to hold stakes.

The H. F. C. Mandolin Orchestra is prov-,

ing a success under B 7065’s (Pottstown)
skilled leadership, and promises to become
a very popular feature. Mornings they
make life around the Croquet Grounds one
grand, sweet song; while the afternoon finds
them at the back .of the 11th Block soothing
the proud souls of our military with some
soft, sweet refrain.

May we be pardoned for again calling the
attention of the newer Inmates to the fact
that the best current Magazines can be ob-

spectators; and it is to be distinctly under-
stood, that only sickness, or manifest infirm-
ity will excuse a member from not march-
ing. All able-bodied members are expected
to be in line, or they will be interned.

After the parade disbanded, the usual
games of ball were gotten up, and continued
during the afternoon, with musicat intervals
by the band; while ‘‘Pete’’ secured some
performers, and pulled off a bit of our-door
vaudeville on the Band-room steps. B 7725
gave his justly celebrated imitation of a lo-
comotive going thru a tunnel in the ‘‘Black
Hills,”’ to a delighted audience, while the
7ersatile B 8389 rattled the bones to the
Queen’s taste, and other amatuers sang and
janced and twanged the responsive strings.

The half-holiday passed all to quickly for
its beneficiaries, and the bugle seemed to blow
surprisingly soon, for with musie, and games
and congenial company the time ‘‘do fly.”’
Mr. I. J. Horstman, of the Board of Inspec-
tors, was present and made a tour of inspec-
tion with the Warden, and expressed him-
self as delighted with the conduct and de-
meanor of the men. Among other visitors,
were noticed the Wardens brother, Mr. Thos.
McKenty, and Mr Kraupa, and some friends.

—B 8266, Secretary.

LINCOLN’S GETTYSBURG ADDRESS

Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers
brought forth on thiscontinent, a new nation,
conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the pro-
position that all men are created equal.

Now we are engaged in a great civil war,
testing whether thet nation, or any nation so
conceived and so'dedicated, can long endure.
Weé are met on a’ great battle-field of that
war. We have come to dedicate a portion of
that field, a final resting-place of those who
here gave their lives that that nation might
live. It is altogether fitting and proper that
we should do this.

But, ir alarger sense, we cannot dedicate—
we cannot consecrate—we cannot hallow—
this ground. The brave men,. hvmg and
dead, who struggled here, have consecrated
it, far above our poor power to add, or de-

BE AN expert stenographer.
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.
FOR SALF —-Watch fobs 50¢ each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock. i
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.

also

Prices reason-

able. B 6523, 7th Block.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting
of beads. ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes
sale. Price. 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25¢c a =et or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid. $1.00
B 3070, 1st Block.

FOR SALF—Music Rack. cost $1 50; price
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal

FOR SALE—Addolorata
tion necklace different colors,
deSIgned B 8936 lst B

tract‘. 'I‘he wnrld w1]1 ]1fr]p note, nor leng
remember what we sav here, bnt it can nev-
er forocet what thev did here. 1t is for us
the living, rather, to be dedicated here to
the unfinished work which thev who fought
here have thus far so noblv advanced. It is
rather for us to be here dedicated to the
great task remaining before us—that from
these honored dead we take increased devotion
to that cause for which they gave the last

for

Roman Recen-
beantifvlly

" full measure of devotion—that we here highly

resolve that these dead shall not have died in
vain—that this nation,under God, shall have a
new birth of freedom—and that goverment
of the people,by the people,and for the
peopie, shall not perish from the earth.

There are two companies of volunteers in
the Kansas State Prison who drill three
nights a week.

Mississippi’s prison farms of 25,000 acres
will place $1,000,000 net, over and above all
expenses, in the State Treasury on account

~of last year’s cotton crop.
