---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_109.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia July 10, 1918

NO. 27

THE E. S. P. CELEBRATES

- The Fourth was a gala day at the E. S. P
for —we believe—the first time in its history.
Instead of being relegated to a cell, and it’s
purlieus, where even the most perfervid pa-
triotism is bound to suffer, the freedom of
the yard was ours for the entire day, with
amusements galore, and an opportunity to
effervesce within reasonable limits.

‘Almost all that goes to make the Fourth a
glimpse of Paradise for the small boy, and
a terror to parents was ours, with the pos-
sible exception of peanuts, and pink lemon-
ade, but very few regretted their absence—
they were to busy enjoying themselves to
have any regrets. There were Parades
—_count ’em—two of them, and each one a
quarter-mile long, and almost three times as
noisy; there was a speaker of the day, with
nothing missing but the ice-water pitcher;
there was music ’til one just couldn’t make
one’s feet behave; there was ball-games,
and all sorts of games, and singing, dancing.
on the “‘green;’’ and the martial touch need-
ed in these stirring times of war was added
by the E. S. P. volunteers who marched, and
counter-marched, and evoluted in general to
the Queen’s—and Curiy’s—taste.

And as an absolutely unique feature for a

Fourth of July celebration, neither the hospi-
tal, nor the jail claimed a victim in the whole
course of the day; which was some record
for a community of more than fourteen hun-
dred souls, as the Warden observed, with a
natural pride. 1400 men, of all sorts and
conditions, with perfect freedom of action,
not a blue uniform in sight, nothing but their
own sense of what was fitting and proper, to
restrain them, and not even an argument!
A fine record, indeea.
. After the morning’s Parade had been
sac:essfully disentangled after winding twice
about the Institution; Generalissimo Curly,
a sembled his veterans in Store house Square
and proceeded to put them thru a course of
sprout=, which a few weeks previously bhad
le t the majority of them quivering wrecks,
but which today hardly sweated them.
Thars were a few, a very few, who were al-
most resolved to their original elements by
the strenuous fifteen minutes of setting-up
exercises, a stout warrior in our immediate
front must have lost fifteen pounds in the
process, but he stayed with them to the bit-
ter end.

Frank’s Italian squad carriea off second
honors, and we feel sure that if the Aus-
trians on the Piave could ever see them com-

ing, as they crossed that parade-ground on
Thursday, at the double, with fire in every
eye, they would make a break, for home,
and safety. Company 1, the ‘‘Heavy Artil-
lery,’”’ B 5795, Commander, and Company 2,
B 8676, commanding, made an excellent
showing; while B 8588, with the awkward
squad esssayed a few evolutions, and tied
his men up in such a knot as required the
combined efforts of the Generalissimo, and
all his staff to disentangle. But it really
was an inspiring scene, to see a company of
men who a few weeks ago walked like Turks
with weak backs sweep onto that field go
thru the evolutions demanded of them with
a snap that our Sammies might envy, and
then forming ‘‘Company Front’’ before the
Reviewing Stand, salute, and move off, to
be instantly replaced with ‘‘something just
as good.”’

All this while the non-militant section was
having it’s ball-games, and other diversions,

with frequent intervals of music, while scores

of the more somnolent merely embraced the
opportunity to loaf in the shade with a con-
genial listener while they settled the war to
their own satisfaction at least. There were
probably more conversaziones running in all
points of the Yard during the day, than there
are in New York City at any given period;
the grand, old out-door sport of ‘‘tell your
troubles to your neighbor’ was in fullest
swing.

In the afternoon, another Parade washeld,
with all the eclat of the morning’s—and per-
haps a little bit added— and after it’s con-
clusion, the Generalissimo staged one of his
justly out-door showsin Store-house Square
for the delectation of his embryonic warriors;
while the base-ball fans hurried to get up a
game, and checker, and chess, and croquet,
and quoit, and domino, etec., champions chal-
lenged all and sundry to try and pluck their
laurels. -

There was music, and song, and dance, in
endless variety, until the Warden appeared
in the offing, escorting the Speaker of the
Day, State Senator Tustin, of this city.
The Senator made an inspiring fifteen-min-
ute address, with the war, and our relation
to the same as his theme, and pointed out to
us the fact that tho we might seem to only
stand and wait, yet we might be helping to
win. He told us some interesting facts about
Uncle Sam’s gigantic efforts in preparation
to overwhelm his ruthless foe; and in par-
ticular described how our troops were being
transported to France in relative safety; but
a natural fear of the Censor prevents our

(Continued on page 4)

TULSDAY’S MUSICALE

The Concert of Tuesday evening, July 2d,
was but added evidence of Mrs. Jane Gates’
continual thought for us, and was most deep-
ly appreciated by all who had the pleasure of
hearing it—which was nearly the entire
population of the E. S. P.

To the trio of singers, Mrs. Frederick Ai-
ken and Mrs. Richard McGarigle, sopranos;
and Mrs. Anna B. Smith, contralto; and to
Miss Margaret Strehle, accompanist; and
last, but far from least, to the little ‘‘Mam’
selle,”” we are indebted tor a Golden Hour
which will long remain a pleasant memory to
us whose pleasant memories are all too few.

The majority of the numbers rendered
were classical, but none the less appreciated,
as evidenced by the frequent applause; while
at least once, a highly popular note was
struck by the giving of ‘‘Carry Me Back to
Old Virginny’’ which demanded, and received
an instant encore, and led to the 1st Block’s
giving their own version of that ever-popu-
lar melody, to the delight of the visitors.
Mrs. Aiken’s ‘‘Cuckoo’” song, also was a de-
cided hit, while a little later on the audience
joined in with a vim in singing the Choruses
of ““There’s a Long, Long Trial,”’ and‘‘Keep
the Home Fires Burning.”” But perhaps
the most striking feature was the singing of
the Marseillaise in the original by little Miss
Jane Gates. She sang the immortal hymn
to Freedom, as tho inspired; and tho but
few understood the words, the spirit which
flames therein was sensed by all, as was
readily evidenced by the applause.

At the conclusion of the Concert, A 8432,
Vice-President of the Honor and Friendship
Ciub, presented to Mrs. Gates, a beautiful
Inlaid Box: made, and given to the Club by
Barnes, B 7307, for that purpose, as anearn-
est of the good-will of all the Inmates.

SOME OF STATE'S COUNTY
JAILS HAVE NO PRISONERS

Results of the employment of county jail
prisoners on farming work in Pennsylvania,
as suggested recently by Howard Heinz,
State fcod acdministrator in a letter to ccvr-
ty administratcrs, 1o release farmhands
eligible for the draft, is shcwn in a. report
sent to Mr. Heinz yesterday by the State
Board of Charities. A large part of the jail
population of fifteen ccunties of Pennsyl-
vania is now profitably employed in farming
and road-building. ;

In counties where the jails were too far
away from farming soil, or thelargest fields,
jail inmates have been employed at street
cleaning, carpet weaving and in useful oc-
cupations about public buildings. The prog-
ress of the plan developed that there are
eounty jails in Pennsylvania with no pris-
oners.
