---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_110.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addresved
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. ;

- Philadelphia, July 10, 1918.
PHARISEEISM

Someone with a genius for apt description
has described the sort of person—to our
abiding sorrow we know them well——who is
‘‘long’’ on pious talk, but ‘‘short’” on con-
duct, as having been ‘‘ironed before they
were washed.”” And we regret that a par-
donable candor compels us to note that a lot
of such ironing is being done daily in the E.
S. P. and that without a single excuse, for
goodness knows, there was no washing done
previously.

It is perhaps the easiest thing in the world
to hold up holy hands of horror at another
sin, while all the time you are hugging some
pleasant little vices of you own to your
bosom, but, pause a moment, and consider:
is the easiest thing always the best thing to
do? The whole experience of man goes to
prove the contrary, and Dante fashioned a
hell for the hypocrite which would intimi-
date the stoutest hearted on a ‘‘close-up.”’

There are cther things which begin at
home other than charity, and he who cleanses
the Augean stables of his own mind and
heart is much better qualified to point out
the deficiencies in his neighbor’s sanitary
plumbing. In plain words if some of our
number would preach less, and practice
more, the E. S. P. would be a much pleas-
anter place to live in.

KEEPING ON

.If Browning had written nothing save ‘“Childe
Roland to the Dark Tower Came,’’ he would
yet command the gratitude of all those who
have known the black moments in the battle
of life—the moment when IIis Honor says
‘“Ten years,’’ for instance. It is easy for
those possessed of vigorous will and courage
to push on, however difficult the way, if
there are glimpses of the distance hills bright
with sunlight—which put in plainer English,
means that the day isn’t so far distant when
you’ll be paying an Income Tax—, orifstars
look down on the hardships of the journey—
which you can understand as meaning that
she has promised to be something more than
a sister to you, and you’ve really something
to work for; but still to the best and bravest
the black hours come when there is no vision
of escape from failure, no hope of final ac.

hievement; when you expect any minute to
hear Fate—or Rube—knock at the door.
The road to that Dark Tower grows more
and more grim, the landscape more and more
{esolate, the loneliness of solitute more and
more oppressive, and at the end the names
of the daring ad 7enturers who have lost the
fight, and are back ‘‘finishing it up,’’ make
the place one vast misery of failure. Ranged
all along the hillside they stood, those
who had lost the battle.
‘“And yet
Dauntless the slug-horn to my lips I ret
And blew. ’Childe Roland to the Dark
Tower came.’”’
When ali seems lost, it is the valiant soul

that takes a new lease of courage from ap-

parently overwhelming disaster, and sounds
the note of triumph in the end.

What shall a man do when all that he has
done seems worthless, when faith scems to
fail, and hope dies, and the dread of final
and overwhelming failure encompasses one
like a cloud? Ressurect the long-buried
‘“jimmey’’ and a pair of ‘‘sneaks,’”’ and go
forth and do something he will spend from
seven to ten years in regretting? not so. it
is the moment of supreme peril, for the
devil’s best wezpon is despair. It is the
supreme test of character, the moment
which tells whether faith is but a matter of
sunshine, of prosperity, of happiness, or has
become an unshzkeable foundation fer the
building of a new life. That hour is the
supreme test of the man; if he loses out, we
get him back, if he wins, he may go to Con-
gress, and be disgraced forever.

THE PRISON FARM

The practicability of the prison farm has
been demonstrated by the success of the ex-
periment at Great Meadow, in Washington
County. During the three and a half years
of his wardenship there, William J. Homer,
who introduced the honor system in the
State, has had uader his charge more than
two thousand prisoners. Six hundred are
now on the farm. More than fourteen hun-
dred have been paroled, of whom fewer than
forty have been returned to prisons. The
number of escapes and attempts to escape
has been less than one-half of one per cent—
11 out of a total of 2,095 prisoners, to be ex-
act. Several hundred former prisoners of
Great Meadow are working on farms in the
neighborhood, for there is no prejudice
among the farmers of Washington County
against ex-convicts.

Three thousand and two of the 4,852 in-
mates of all the prisons in the State, accord-
ing to the last report of Prison Superintend-
ent Riley, were committed between the ages
of sixteen and thirty years, and 1,021 be-
tween the ages of thirty and forty, making
a total of 4,023—an enormous percentage of
the whole number—at ages at which new
vocations may readily be learned.

" itentiary.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

E'piscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 38rd Thursdays each month
24 BON

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending July 3, 18
Released ‘¢ - £ & & 26
Prison population bk 408 1401
Latest serial Number v ‘B 9288

The experience of a penologist is thatagri-
culture is one of the most useful occupations
to be taught boys and men who may have
been led into ¢rime in the cities, where the
same temptations to which they succumbed
before await them on leaving prison. One
of the objects that the Commission on Prison
Reform is working for, is the acquisition of
land in the vicinity of Auburn, and of all the
other prisons and reformatories in the State,
where the inmates may be instructed in
farming. Aside from the prison farm of
eleven hundred acres at Great Meadow,
New York has already purchased eight hund-
red acres of land for the State Industrial
Farm Colony, and is planning a State reform-
atory for misdemeanants on a farm, while
the city of New York has purchased six
hundred acres for the City Reformatory for
Misdemeanants, and eight hundred acres on
which the home for inebriates committed
from the city will be situated.

Throughout the United States the idea of
outdoor work forinmates of prisonsis spread-
ing. Massachusetts has a State farm of
several hundred acres for tramps and va-
grants, and is planning a prison farm to re-
place the present State institution at Char-
lestown. New Jersey has purchased a thous-
and acres of land on which a -structure will
be erected to replace the State Prison at
Trenton. Pennsylvania has acquired five
thousand acres for a central prison toreplace
her two State institutions, the Eastern Pen-
itentiary and the Western Penitentiary. The
new House of Correction for the District of
Columbia is on a thousand acre farm at Oc-
coquan, Virginia. Ohio has voted to abandon
the State Prison at Columbus, and has ap-
pointed a commission to secure a site for a
farm prison in its place. The State Prison
Board of Indiana is planning to lease be-
tween five hundred and one thousand acres
of land adjoining the present prison at Mich-
igan City, with a view to abandoning that
structure within a few years for a farm re-
formatory.
