---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_111.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

'NEWS AND COMMENT

American troops take o:er the policing of
Panama City and Colon to prevent election
disorders. And ‘‘Spiggotyland’’ still revo-
lutes every twenty-four hours.

American Army now 2,500,000 strong.
Will be 4,000,000 by Jan.1. 1,010,115 men
now in France, 273,372 of whom went over
during June. Berlin and Vienna papers
please copy.

The State of Missouri has purchased a 457
acre farm, five miles east of Jefferson City,
for $97,000. Prisoners will work the farm,
producing food-stuffs for the prison popula-
tion.

Organ-grinders classed as non-essentia
workers by local Magistrate. Must work or
go to jail, he says. We would like to have
that Magistrate pass upon our phonograph-
winders.

British losses for June total 141,147.
Dead: officers, 816; men, 17,494; wounded
and missing: officers, 3,916; men, 119,218.
We wonder if the Kaiser still speaks of it
as a contemptible little army?

Lt. Mills breaks aerial mail record by fly-
ing from Philadelphia to New York, an sair-
line distance of 92 miles, in 47 minutes.
This is to fast for a bill, and too slow for a
proposal.

“Bill,”’ the Iastitution chauffeur, answered
‘the call of Uncle Sam, and left for Camp
Meade, on Sunday night last, there.to begin
training for the march to Berlin which every
good American looks forward to.

Government takes over Express Compan-
jes, and will operate them as a whole under
the name of the American Raiiway Express
Company. The Government seems to be
taking pretty nearly everything that’s been
left out.

Our local Generalissimo reports that the
drillers improve daily, and that he would
bck them to go ‘‘over the top’’ with a like
" number of any of the Allies. But what is
agitating the minds of his ‘‘scidiers” is, will
ré:ions pe issued, or no, and if so when?

Private Clarence Kelly, of Oil City, Pa.,
led the rush into a German machine-gun
position, and himself accounts for six of .the
enemy. Corporal Christie Collopy, of Sprlpg
City, Pa., kept his group under cover while
he went out alone with hand-grenades, an.d
routed an enemy patrol. Pennsylvania
breeds them just like that.

A PATRIOT’S GAZETEER

From the old-fashioned towns with the funny

pames;
‘Way up in the hill, or ’way outon the plains,
They go marching away to the war.
They’ve heard the call in Accokeek
They’re arming there to-day.
In Bemidyi, and Battle-Creek,
They’re mustering for the fray.
From Chattanooga, and Cheyenne,
And Chicopee they come;
Alike from Devil’s Lake to Dan,
They answer to the drum.
Bureka bids Equality,
With Friendship to unite,
With Freedom, and Fraternity,
And Good Heart for the fight:
And Home, and Hope’s in Harmony,
With Independence, quite.
There’s Jefferson, and Jackson,
Will join with Kalamazoo,
In proving to the Kaiser,
Just what Uncle Sam ecan do.
In Loyalty to Liberty,
Our Laincolns yield to none;
And Matteawan joins Manistee,
" In ‘‘strafing’’ of the Hun.
And Newark answers Oswego,
With many a Prioneer;
And Quality is Quick to show;
And Rough and Ready’s here.
With Salt Creek ready for the foe,
And also Troublesome;
While Tar-Heel sticks to Union,
Sure Victory must come.
With Washington, and Wilson,
Stands Xenia, ¢ You Bet,’”’
And Zero, should the foemen come,
They’d find the hottest yet!
O best little towns on God’s green earth!
—By the blood of your sons you have proven
your worth—
You are well worth dying for.

MORE ABOUT PRISONS

Minnesota already has a prison farm,
and Iliinois is about to build a State prison
on wide acreage. In Colorado, Oregon,
and Washington hundreds of prisoners
from State institutions are working on road
camps.

Other Western States are also discussing
the prison farm movement, while in most of
the Southern States prisoners are working
on contract labor, either in minee or on the
roads or plantations. Indeed throughout the
country wherever new prisons are being
considered facilities for outdoor work by the
inmates are a primary consideration.

T T R BT e - e L e e A R AR e

During the fiscal ending July, 1, the cost
of the war to this country was $12,600,000;
and it is now costing us $50,000,000 a day.

And worth every cent of it.

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

It pays to be honest, but apparently not
nearly enough to suit some of us.

* *
*

We may live to be 97 years old, but whats
the use if we can’t tell our grand-child-
ren how we helped lick the Kaiser?

* *
%

Our Stenog’ says that his favorite disease
is neurasthenia, and when we lookt up the
remedy for it, we found it to be complete
rest.

% %
*

“Don’t you feel home-sick at times,
Albert?’’ asked wifey.
““Sure, but I look at your photograph, and

then I don’t feel home-sick any more.’’

* *
*

We saw a group picture of a lot of Sam-
mees recently, and the best looking one of
the bunch was an ex-member of ‘‘ours,’”’
and we feel sure he didn’t detract from the
moral of that bunch either.

* *
%

‘“Aren’t you the same man I gave a
mince-pie to?’’ asked the housewife sharply.

‘‘No, ma’m, I’m not; and what’s more, the
doctor says I never will be!”” answered
Weary Willie.

* *
*

“Is you gwine to let dat mewel do as he

pleases?’’ asked Uncle Ephraim’s wife.
““Where’s your will power?”’
“My will-power’s all right’’ answered

Uncle Ephraim, ‘‘but you jus’ cught toccme
out heah an’ measure dish yere mewel’s
won’t power!”’

* *
*

Limburger cheeee stationed in the four
corners of the cell will drive away ants. Yes,
there’s = notita = doubt ot =1tE = S wionld
drive a dog out of a garden:; drive a spike
in a brick, drive a hobo away from a free-
lunch counter, and a mule thru a barb-wire
fence; drive the 4th Block away from a
chicken-dinner, and us to drink; and yet

.some people eat it!

* *
S

Maj. Gen. ‘‘Curly’”’, to Aid-de-camp,
‘‘Supposing your company bivouaced in a
valley; when a strng force of eremy infan-
try suddenly appears in your front; a like
force in your rear. a hostile battery unmasks
on your left flank, and a force of the enemy’s
cavalry appears on your right, while a squad-
ron of hostile aeroplanes maneuver overhead
ready to drop bombs. What would you do?”’
A. D. C. Jones (after some strenuous think-
ing)—‘‘I’d say, Company, attention! Stand
at ease. Hats off for prayer!”

[
