---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_112.jpg
---
s

THE UMPIRE

_—  ———

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. W. L. Pct.

Printers 27 8 A7 | Yankees 10 26 280

Cubs 25 10 718 . | Athleties 9 27 250
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wl Pet: ! W-. L. Pct:

Chicago 49 721 | Philies Some 34 493

New York 43 26 623 | Pittsburg 35 3l 507

Boston 31 39 443 | Brooklyn 30 38 441

Cincinatti 27 40 403 | St.Louis 26 44 371
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. ) Wi L= Pet.

Boston 42 = 31575 | Chicago 35 36 493

New York 39" 319557 | St. Louis 86 38 486

Cleveland 43 33 566 | Detroit 29 41 414

Washingt'n 40 36 526 | Athletics 26

HON()R CLUB I\OIFS

Receipts for the week were, $5.75 from
the circulating Library; no exact report of
sales was obtainable at present writing.

Expenditures of the week, were, B 8380,
Watch Fobs, $1.80; B 8543, re-fund of money
for articles sold in the Library, and credited
by mistake to the H. F. C. $1.25; B 8462 flag
pins, $7.00; War Savings Stamps $I.00.

The Saturday half-holiday came and went
leaving a deep feeling of contentment in it’s
train, at least among those who had the
pleasure of participating in the good time
that was had. We regret that there should
have been some who were of necessity de-
barred from the Outing, but the entirely
reasonable regulations made for such occa-
sions must be observed, and they have but
themselves to blame, they had warning
enough.

It was a bit warm for parading, but the
torrid rays which wilted the collars, and
frzzzled the temper of his colleagues, seemed
to have no effect upon Vice-President A 8432,
our local ‘“Iron Man,’’ who never faltered in
the twice-around schedule, and was with
difficulty restrained from making a third at-
tempt to beat Edward Payson Weston’s re-
cord for the mile-walk. Perhaps it was the
Bands for playing such inspiring airs under
the efficient leadership of our ‘‘Signor An-
tonio,”” for with it in the lead crashing out
the latest martial music, and Pottstown’s
Mandolin Club in the center, as tuneful as a
thrush in a hedge after a thunder-shower;
and Major-General Curly’s combination Fife,
Drum, and Bugle Corps playing rat-a-plan,
and tootle-oo at the head of the Militant Sec-
tion of the Line, those with an ear for music
certainly got an ‘‘earful.”’

Perhaps it was the music; perhaps it was
_ the contagious example of the E. S. P. Vol-
‘unteers, who stepped out like the veterans—
of six weeks—that they are, and from their
do-or-die air, would have charged the whole
Hun army had it appeared in the offing, and
then trusted to Curly to get the Warden’s

forgiveness for mussing up the roadway, but
the whole line showed a marked improve-
ment in marching, and straight backs, and
straight stepping was the rule, and not the
exception as heretofore. The most of usare
not so far gone that we cannot recognize a
good thing when we see it.

After the disbandment of the parade, the
Gz2neraliscimo gathered hi: ‘‘vets’’ about the
Store-house steps for a season of the ever-
popular out-door vaudeville, which ranges
widely from leap-frog to ‘‘high’’ opera, in
D. C’svery best manner. While on the Gar-
age grounds the fans gathered to see the
White Hopes, and the Black Diamondsbattle
it out for base-ball honors. Alas! the Black
Diamonds turned out to be but ordinary coal-
dust, for their opponents had their number
from the opening gun of the engagement,
and when the smoke of the battle had cleared
away, and the bases were freed of the many
who had died thereon, the casualties were
found to be 12 to 6 in favor of the pale-faces.

The Croquet-grounds attracted it’sdevotees
all afternoon, and by-the-way, at the risk of
trial for lese-majeste, we’re going to call His
Excellency, the Presidents, attenticn to the
fact that those wickets were made to be
driven thru, and not at. He lost a perfectly
good game by refusing to believe this, altho
even his opponent was at pains to point out
to him that hitting the wicket didn’t count
anything. A new Set has been ordered,
with a delightfully shiny set of balls, and
here’s hoping his eye will improve then.

During an intermission in the caberet show
the Hetman stretched his trooper’s legs
with an impromptu parade from the Store-
house to the Garage, and back, the most
prominent feature of which was the War-
den as Drummer-boy. The ‘‘Boss’’ seemed
to be right in his element, and made the boys
step out lively; perhaps in his mind’s eye
was a vision of himself leading a regiment
of ‘“ours’’ across the Rhine, while the Kaiser
and Von Hindenburg fled for their lives.

N. B. If the members wish to aid the fi-
nances of the Club, they will, while preserv-
ing all waste paper and rags, also keep the
metal tops of the talcum-powder containers,
and give them to their Delegates. The Club
could use them very handily, and such action
would be much appreciated by it’s Officers.

THE E. S. P. CELEBRATES
((’ont'mued from page 1)

retallmg this secret. He appealed to us to
do what lay in our power to aid, and asked
that we particularly endeavor to conserve
sugar, at least until October, and we feel
sure that every manin his audience at once
resolved to cut down his consumption to two
lumps a day.

The troops were then put thru their paces
for the edification of the distinguished vis-
itor, who expressed himself as being both
pleased and astonished to see such measure

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

IYPLWRITING Dore at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE — Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE— Music Rack,
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal

FOR SALE—Addolorata
tion necklace different colors,
designed. B 8936 1st B

LOST—On Croquet Ground July ond. a_ pair
of Spectacles. Will finder please return to
BR068, 5th. Gallery.

FOR SALE—One Ladies size Guitar.
reasonable. B5949, 12th.-2 Gallery.
of preparedness, aud ventured to hope that
we would some day be given the chance of
service that we so clearly deserved.

Mr. E. J. Lafferty, of the Board of In-
spectors, appearing on the scere at this
moment was called upon to sayv a few words,
and responding, praised us until the ma-
jority of his hearers were blushing hotly, and
wishing they had done still a bit better.
His message of sympathy, and understand-
ing, and good-cheer was received with such
a spontaneous outburst of cheering as ev-
idenced very plainly the regard in which the
gentleman is held by all the inmates,

Next, three young ladies, whom we can
only name as McKenty Kids, theyv being the
daughter, and wards of the Rev. Thomas
McKenty, were induced to sing for ue, and
gave a very pleasing version of ‘“We’ll Never
Let the Old Flag Fall,”” answering a deter-
mined enco-e, with ‘““Keep the Home Fires
Burning.’”” Then Master Robert McKeniy
3d, was moved to sing his own private ver-
sion of ‘‘Over There,”” which addecd. still
further to the audience’s delight, and it was
then when everybocdy weas in the best of
humors that the Warden seized the oppor-
tunity to thank us for the splendid order
maintained during the day, and proposed as
a fitting finale that we all sing the ‘‘Star
Spangled Banner,”” which was done at once,
with enthusiasm; the Warden’s last words,
as the bugle sounded ‘‘Assembly’’ were, that
did we but know the words, it would be a
most appropriate thing to sing the ‘“‘End of
a Perfect Day,’”” andnot a man but agreed
with him.

cost $1.50; price

Roman  Recep-
beautifully

Price
