---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_113.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia July 17, 1918

NO. 28

HOME RUNS

The Hon. R. C. McKenty is away on a
little ‘‘tour,’’ the results of which will prob-
ably soon be seen arriving.

The Board of Inspectors held a meeting,
Wednesday of last week, but we didn’t even
get a snap-shot of it.

Mr. Clarence M. Kratz, our Chief Clerk,
has taken a cottage at Collegeville for the
summer season, and the fish are reported to
be leaving the Perkiomen.

Another Sunday visitor was Mr. Kraupa,
who needs no other introduction. He said he
was sorry it hadn’t rained Saturday after-
noon, for it deprived him of an anticipated
pleasure.

Courtland Butler, of the Parole Depart-
ment is about to be called to the colors, and
has been caught practicing bomb-throwing
with a filing-cabinet. Medals will look good
on ‘‘Court.’’ )

Mrs. William Greeby, and children, were
among Sunday’s visitors to the Institution.
The lady who is the wife of night-guard
Greeby, and the sister of Deputy-Warden
Robert L. Myers, was shown the place, in-
cluding the war-gardens, and was charmed
~ with the visible evidences of industry and
order.

One of Captain Dutton’s men is telling a
moving tale of a fish that escaped him by
climbing a tree, and refused to come down
to all his coaxing. We’ll bet anything this
happened after closing hours.

It was just after hearing this that Capt.
Parker took a night off but whether he saw
the same fish, or no, remains a mystery as
we go to press.

Montana’s penitentiary at Deer Lodge has
a baseball team that defeated a champion-
ship nine from a neighboring town. Warden
Clancy recently described a critical moment
‘in the game: '

““The score was 7 to 4 against us in the
ninth inning. We had three men on base.
As Rough-House Burns stepped to the bat a
happy thought occurred to me. ‘Rough-House’
I yelled, ‘vou have just thirty days more to
go. If you don’t send that ball over the
right-field fence I will make you serve your
full term.’ The ball went over the fence,
the three men hopped the bases, Rough-House
made his homer, and the game was ours.”

IN MEMORIAM
MRS. ANNIE O. FASSITT

““O mother to a thousand lads!”’
So shall we hail you now;

And pray God give you perfect peace,
His stars upon your brow.

The lads you loved and understand,

And helped to know, and do the good,
In tenderest homage bow.

The lads who never had a chance;
—A man, by grace of you—

The lad, who by a lad’s mistake, -
Drank of a bitter brew:

The motherless lads chose the wrong;

You mothered them all, and made

strong,

To fashion life a-new.

them

We may not do the thing we would;
Who hold your memory dear:
We have no flowers to strew above,

That low mound, year by year.
We can but do the thing you’d ask;
Faint not, nor murmur at our task,

Because you are not here.

A BREATH FROM
“OVER THERL”

Walter Tees these days, will show any-
body, without the slightest provocation, a
button from the tunic of a German prisoner,
which his brother, Frank Tees, lately an
Overseer of this Institution, but now work-
ing over-time as an ‘‘Old Dutch Cleanser’’re-
cently sent him. His letter states thathe is
making 40 mile trips with a motor ambulance
daily from Front Line to Base Hospital, con-
stantly under shell-fire, and still he doesn’t
want his old job back.

He states that one Ambulance of his unit
and it’s driver is among the missing; but
whether the Hun gotit, or whether the driver
took a wrong turning, and is just lost ‘‘Some-
where in France’’ is yet a mystery. The
Commander of the unit, when an Ambulance
was wrecked, drenched it with gasoline, and
applied a mateh, to prevent the Hun from
getting it. He has only met with one ac-
cident to date of writing; which was when he
had a head-on collision with a motor-cyclist
while returning to Base. The motor-cyeclist
hadhis ankle'sprained, and his machine smash-
ed, while Frank escaped uninjured, tho
with the Ambulance so damaged as to ne-
cessitate the transfer of the four wounded
men he was carrying, to another machine.
Well, all that we have to say, is to wish him
luck, and to advise him should he ever see
the Kaiser trying to cross the road, not to
bother about the horn, but rather step on
the accelerator.

MOTHER OF 1,000
BOYS IS DEAD

The mother of a thousand bad boys is dead.

And her family of adopted soms in the
Eastern Penitentiary, Moyamensing Prison
and in regenerated life will all try to ‘‘do-a
little better’’ for having known her. New
that she is gone they must justify her faith
in them.

Mrs. Annie O. Fassitt for thirty years
visited ‘‘her boys’’ in the city’s two prisons
weekly. She treated them as if they were
adopted sons. Recently her health began to
fa.l and her visits fell off. Yesterday she
died at 220 S. 20th st. Philadelphia.

There will be no family council of the
‘‘boys,’’ no formal resolutions of regret, no
honorary pallbearers. She will get her
silent tributes in silent places. ‘

The big boy who never had a chance, the
fellow who never had a real mother before,
the high-spirited boy who made a mistake,
the boy who never knew the reward for be-
ing good, the thousand boys on prison cots
vouch that she was a ‘‘regular fellow,’’ that
little old woman in black. That is her re-
ward for a lite’s work. The forty or more
times she gave a Christian burial to destitute
prisoners, the times she got discharged pris-
oners jobs, the old-fashioned presents she
took inside the prison walls by scores are the
heritages which ostracized humanity will
treasure in memories of the little old women
in black.

Mrs. Fassitt was eighty-two. Before her
marriage she was Miss Annie Adenheini-
er, a member of an old New Jersey family.
Warden McKenty and the Rev. Dr. Floyd
Tomkins were close friends. Her husband,
Horace Fassitt, who died in 1902, was a
merchant here. Three adult grandchildren
and ‘‘her boys’’ mourn for her.

— The Evening Bulletin.

A NOTABLE VISITOR

Dr. J. Medoff, the local Jewish Chaplain,
brought Mr. J. S. Prenowitz, city editor,
of the Jewish Daily Forward, to see us on
Wednesday last, and honored us in so doing.
The gentleman is a poet of more than local
renown, and Dr. Medoff was pleased to read
one of his compositions, which met with.a
deserved appreciation. Mr. Prenowitz was
most favorably impressed by our surround-
ings, and spoke of the sincere pleasure it
gave him to see how faithfully we adhered,
under all circumstances, to the faith of our
fathers; and responding to the invitaticn of
the writer to return, announced his inten-
tion of doing so at an early date.

—B 7088.
