---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_114.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

_—————————_—'——____—_____—__—_——_—_—_—_——_—d————————

THE UMPIRE

Prmted at the Hastern State Bemtentlary Phl]adelphla
: eyety “Wednesday. et

“3evoted to the interest and entertainment of its re=ders.
T Jfss--Ofiginal matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed ReJected ar-
ticles will not be returned.
. ,A;ll,;c(gmmunlcatxons from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer
whorwill see;to their delivery.

. 2T inswg@ttention, all articles must be ‘clgned with. the
writer’s numbgr

Phlladell)hla, July 17 1918

A GOING HOME

. There 1= ‘no thought which touches our
heart more deeplv than the thought of

gox,Q.g. home.”’ After two, or five, or ten,
or.fifteen. years spent in trying to find out
who is your - favorite Overseer —which gen-
epally means the one who ‘‘feeds’” the best—
and alwys when you’ve found him, he quits,
of is fifd&, and it’s up to you to move again;
why, the thought of going home has an ap-
peal no artlst could paint.

You it,hmk of one of those comfortably
stgut meﬂ}erq the kind who wear a blue-
checkegh=gingham apron, and are usually
floury testhie. elbows, waiting at the door, in
the mellow glow of the lamplight, and you
ean almost smell that delicious odor of fried
ehicken, and wafflesswhich is almost certain
te-greed the returning .wanderer. You go
tearirg mp-the long, dusty road from the
sttion catra 2.40 gait, and kick the front gate
off- it’srhinges—no.time for opening.it—and
dreppingiyour suit-case on the family .cat
who has come forth to meet you, you fall: on
that drdad and forgiving- bosom, and shed
the-finst real tears you’ve shed since you
tried.to impress the Judge that you were
entirely innocent. And in about a minute
wou -wwhisper in her ear, ‘“Ma, if you love
aneskead.me to it!”” and then in two minutes
-you are;compelled to use both hands,. would
yon keep your plate clear, and three hours
aftetward Ma is applying a mustard-plaster
where it wili do the most good.

True, this picture doesn’t always run true
t¥%#form, there are poor unfortunates who
are nret:dt-the door by a tall, and angular
dtep-me¥lier with iron-gray hair, who :grace-
fafllyiwagel a kettle of boiling water:iover
“fonr Head, *and whose only greeting, is,
“%ic’emP¥Towser,”” but, thanks goedness,
such-Beclivénces are rare, and the usdal home-
co'nindtFereplete with a vast joy whichoften
repay$-in fullest measure the rigors of the
time @#separation.

4= i¥he thought of going home that makes
the ‘heaviest burdens bearable;-the - most

crushing defeats but a spur to further effort;

the most complete surrender . of .pricde to
humility, of-ease to labor, a price gladly
paid for a happiness which is priceless.
Waking and sleeping we think, or dream of

that day to come when the gate shall open
for us, and we shall go home, to find the
understanding which all the world else denies
us, to exchange the harsh voice of an often
unsympathetic Overseer for a voice which is

musical with love, and faith, and peace. To
hear no more, when your head aches, and
that tired feeling overcomes you, the curt

advice to ‘‘take a pill,”” but rather to feel a
aoft, cool hand upon your heated brow, while
a 7oice murmurs, ‘‘Lie down, dear, while I
make you a nice cup of coffee,’”” and you re-
tire into the cool gloom of the parlor, and
stretch out on the sofa for a pleasant after-
noon. Home is the only place where you
are really appreciated at your true value.
Imagine Harry, or Joe, or Bill, telling you
that! You can retire into a cool gloom, al-
right, but there won’t be any sofa to stretch
out on!

The joy of going home is not all ease and
comfort, that we know are waiting there;
some of us have long exchewed ease and
comfort. and prefer a brake-beam to the
softest of easy-chairs, but it is in the peace
which flows from love, the stillness, the per-
fect calm which is so grateful after the years
of storm and stress; the clear atmosphere in
which all the dust of our petty strivings are
laid, and we see the end of it all .before us.

At the end of the road is home. Happy
the man who finds it.

WHAT ILLINOIS HAS DONE

A few days ago the second contingent of
““Honor Men’’ from the Illinois State Pen-
itentiary were released on parole in order
that they might do their ‘‘bit’’ toward mak-
ing the world safe for democracy. They
left immediately for ‘‘Somewhere in Illinois’’
where they will be employed in munition
plants and other manufacturing establish-
ments engaged in making of war supplies.

One week ago the State Board of Pardons
and Paroles announced that carefully se-
lected men who possessed mechanical train-
ing would be allowed additicnal goed time
for services in munition plants. The de-
cision followed a special session of the board
at the state institution during which time an
inquiry was made into the records of a num-
ber of the men.

Warden Murphy: announces that the third
contingent of the::{‘Honor Men’’ will be re-
leased on parole to-morrow. They also will
leave for “Seomewhere in Illinois’’ to work
in munition plants. Secrecy is being main-
tained regarding-the location of the plant in
order that the paroled men will be kept from
temptationand possiblepro-Germaninfluence.

During the conference of the State Board
of- Pardons and Paroles last week it was de-
cided that between 50 and 75 of the inmates
of the Illinois State Penitentiary gave
promise of making good under parole for
war services, with possibilities that this

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., Ist & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 2SN ‘

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

~ POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week endmg July 10, ek

Released * = “ e 11
Prison population i S m 1597
Latest serial Number A “*B 9294
number could be materially increased. All

of the men were given heart to heart talks
by the members of the board and were shown
that an opportunity such as possibly would

.never come in their lives again had present-

ed itself—an opportunity of agsin taking
their places in the world, while at the same
time working in the interests of humanity.

Good wages are assured to all of the pa-
roled men who are secured employmentin the
munition plants and other manufacturing es-
tablishments engaged in the making of war
supplies. They will be required to abide by
the usual rules of the parole system making
monthly reports as to the amount of money
they have earned, what portion has been
saved, and that expended has bee¢n vsed
properly and that they have not frequented
saloons or other places where they might be
under evil influence.

Iu the munition plants the ‘‘Honor Men”’
will be under the protecticn of the parcle
officers and at the same timefwill be looked
after by the secret service operatives of the
goverment, a large force of which is main-
tained in all of the plants. Thus they will

be carefully guarded and will have &n ex-
ceptional opportunity of making good.
The releasing of ‘‘Honor Men’’ for work

in munition plants and manufactuiirg es-
tablishments engaged in the production of
war supplies sets a new record in the United
States. For this reasonthe experimentis be-
ing watched with a great deal of interest.
Because of the extra incentive offered to
make good—that of service to their country
in the greatest crisis in the history of the
world— Warden Murphy and the members of
the State Board of Pardons and Paroles are
confident that the best of success will result.
It is expected that the experiment will at-
tract the attention of many ¢f the other
leading states of the nation and that many
hundred of men will be released for impor-
tant-work. ° —Joliet News.
