---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_115.jpg
---
P ——————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
————_——M

NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to date in killed, wounded,
and missing, total 11,221. That’s not so
many, considering what we’ve done.

Schuylkill County has only 95 prisoners in
the jail, as compared with 250 two years ago.
Why not an honor flag for Schuylkill County?

A corn crop of 3,161,000,000 bushels is pre-
dicted by the Government experts. And so
perishes our last hope that war-bread will
cease to be.

Prisoners in the State Penitentiary at Deer
Lodge, Montana, have agreed to make socks
and sweaters for the soldiers if the Red Cross
will provide the materials. Any more recruits?

One meatless week a month to be inaugu-
rated in Germany on August 1st. This isn’ta
very cheerful way of celebrating the fourth
anniversary of the war.

The biggest feature of the Fourth of July
in Paris, was the opening of the Avenue
Wilson. And the best Teddy could do was
to have twins named after him.

Count Von Mirbach, German Ambassador
to Russia, murdered in Moscow. Germany
will ““avenge’’ his death. The luck still
seems to be with the Kaiser.

Lightless nights will begin again about
July, 15th. Use of electricity to be restric-
ted on the first four nights of the week.
Don’t anybody look our way.

Here’s the record of the Michigan Pen, in
war work: Red Cross, $500; Liberty Bonds,
$9,000; War Chest $1,200; War Savings Stamps
$4,100. Guess we’d better change the sub-
ject.

Lt. Col. John C. Groome, late of the Penn-
sylvania State Police, goes to France to take
charge of the Military Peolice for Pershing.
If the State Police were going with him we
would be really interested.

A new disease called Spanish Influenza is
sweeping over Europe, znc Germany in par-
ticular is said to be suffering greatly from
this new plague. Strange how unsympa-
thetic we feel!

German newspapers report that the people
of the United States are living in their cel-
lars on account of the terrible destructicn
wrought by their airplanes. The Germans
must be descended from Ananias.

Hundreds of thousands of Catholics give
the new Archbishop of Philadelphia, the Most
Rev, DenisJ. Dougherty, an enthusiastic wel-
come upon his arrival to take charge of hisnew
See. We feel safer now that we've a shepherd.

THE UMPIRE

TO A PORTRAIT OF MISS C______.

Dear little lady, had I tongue to flatter,
A rosy future I would paint for you;

With lovers mad for you as any hatter,
Or as March hare, too.

Sighing all the night long
windows
Smgmg of your beauty to the stars:

I will only say, I’ve seen your likeness,
And—1I curse the bars.

1 would be some score of years the younger,
Walk with you a—down some April
lane; ‘

Tho as courtier I was ever bungler,

I would try again.

Haply when the fire fly lamps were litten,
And the dew iay heavy on the grass;

You would watech with me the gold stars
mirrored, :

In the water’s

'neath your

glass.

I would speak no word of love, or longing;
I, who scarce would dare to take your
hand;

Stainless as the lilies that are thronging,

All the river’s strand.

I would play the pale, despairing lover,
Worshiping, yet knowing it but vain;

As the moths around the night-lamps hover,
Careless of the flame:

So I’d hang upon your lightest saying;
Dance, and grimace, but to see you
smile,

Glad to be the comrade of your playing,

For a little while.

Little lady, ’tis but idle dreaming,

I shall ne’er see but your pictured face:

Yet to me that one brief moment’s seeming,
Gives new heart of grace.

THE SCHEME IN A NUTSHELL

1. To grant amnesty to all State Prisoners
for service in the war—the Army, Navy,
the Air, or at such labor as the war de-
mands — who, in the opinion of Boards of
Enquiry appointed by Federal authority, are
physically and morally fit.

9. To draft those selected into the various
divisions of the Army and other arms of the
service without any badge or method of iden-
tification as to their having been in prison.
There is no idea of forming a seperate unit.

3. That the selected be put on exactly the
same terms as other men in the firing lines
and in the event of their violating the rules
of war they be court-martialled in exactly the
same way as soldiers or sailors.

4. That each Prison beallowed to display a
Service Flag showing the number enlisted
from respective prisons, and that a monthly
meeting be held in the prisons of a patrietic
character to commemorate their devotion to
the Stars and Stripes, and that prisons be
given the option to ascist the relatives and

dependents, if any, of the men at the front

or doing their bit.
5. That the men volunteer for service, no

compulsion being used at all.

w

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Who wouldn’t be a gold-fish
weather.

in ‘such

* *
*

Go across or come across. If you can’t‘
do the first, you can perhaps do the second.

* *
*

The world owes you a living alright,- but
you’ve got to hustle to collect it.

* *
ES

This war will have accomplished something
worth while at least, if it makes cabbage
and corn-bread fashionable. ;

* *
%

Strange how our thoughts keep going back
to those happy days of* childhood when we
were allowed to lick the ice-cream dasher.

* *
*

That Jersey chap who invented a ‘ventila-
tor for shoes did an entirely superflous thing.
We’ve been wearing ventilated shoes for the
past two years.

: %k . *

Inmate—who has just found a small piece

of wood in his frankfurter— ‘“Say I don’t

mind eating the doggies, but I rather draw‘

‘77

the line at the dog-house!

* *
*

Sympathetic visitor, to ‘‘Pete’’—after
hearing about his 22 years— “*My poor fellow
you’ll be glad when your time is up, won 4oy
you?”’

«Pete,”’ — ““Not particularly.”

* *
3

A hobo who got a job with a farmer dur-
ing the busy season, worked until half;past
nine, then had his supper. and went to bed
to be called at 3 a. m. to begin the new day.
He ate a hearty breakfast, then started up-
stairs, saying, ‘“This is the best place I ever
worked; two suppers in one night, and back
to bed again.”’

* > *
Qur favorite—

Flower, Forget-me-not.

Hymn, Take me as I am.

Song, Where do we go from here? (also
Curly’s)

Rumor, We’re going over.

Hero, Ourself.

Gem, Jim Jam.

Detestation, The Kaiser.

£, *
We wonder why Jack at the bat,
Oft lines a foul one out
like
that.
Maybe the next one he will miss,
And then he slams one just
