---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_116.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

-_—

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

WS Pet: W i Bet:

: Printers 30 9 1769 Yankees 11 28 288

Cubs DSl ST 1 Athletics 9 30 233
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wen LS et W. L. Pet.

Chicago 55 23 705 Phil‘ies 35 40 467

New York 47 30 610 ‘ Pittsburg 38 .37 507

Boston 85 44 443 | Brooklyn 30 44 443

Cincinatti 34 40 459 1 St. Louis 32 48 400
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. PBect. IWSHL =S Pets

Boston AT 33558 Chicago 38 40 487

New York t51 Bl Bl St. Louis 38 39 494

Cleveland 46 38 548 Detroit 33 45 423

Washingt’'n 41 40 506 Athletics 30 46 39

HON()R CLUB NOTES
At the Delegate meeting of July 9th, the

following were admitted to membership in
the Club. B 9273 25¢; 9275-15¢; 9262, 9263,
9255-10c; 9274, 9250, 9251, 9261, 9254, 9270.

The report of the Treasurer showed a bal-
ance of $57.49 in the Club Treasury. Among
the changes in personnal, was the re-appoint-
ment of B 5936 as Delegate for 12-1st Gal-
lery; the resignation of B 8700, Delegate of
the 6th Block, and the appointment of B 8783
to fill the vacancy; the resignation of B 7579,
Delegate of the 1st Block, and the appoint-
ment of B5336 to fill the vacancy; the resig-
nation of B 8898, 5th Block.

The receipts of the week were, from Cir-
culating Library, $6.50; from Sales, $1.00;
Dondtions $0.85.

Expenditures: B 8517, Loan at the Gate,
$1.00; John Wanamaker, Croquet Set, bats,
Rubber Quoits, $10.50 (7.20 of this expendi-
ture covered by collection); Harlacher Auto
Service, $0.50; War Savings Stamps, $1.00.

The Delegates have introduced a new joy
into life in the E. S. P. by forming a. drill-
squad, and starting out to acquire merit in
that line, and they are now becoming one of
the high-lights of the Institution. Every so
often, one of the Military Companies come
marching by their drill-ground to pause, and
look, and then turn away in uncontrolable
grief. The strongest men seem to be unable
to endure the sight without weeping. But
the Delegates go grimly about their business
of learning how to ‘‘hay-foot, straw-foot,”’
while the drill-master rages, and the spec-
tators imagine a vain thing, for they can see
that they are progressing and soon they will
be able to keep step without their feet, and
change the same without falling down, and
then will come their rewara.

All Saturday morning it seemed certain
that J. Pluvius had turned pro-German, and
had determined to spoil an E. S. P. holiday
but the prayers of some fourteen hundred

petitioners must have availed much, for he
relented just in time for the boys to come
out on schedule time, and tho it seemed for
a time as tho they might be driven back
again, as the paraders were lightly be-sprink-
led all the while of their passing, and some
of the finer plumaged birds lookt a bit be-
draggled before it’s ending; yet nothing
came of it, and before the afternoon had
ended the sun was out and shining.

The Yard was necessarily a bit damp, and
standing games were popular, but the most
of the boys managed to pass an agreeable
afternoon, nevertheless,
the day for music, at least out-doors, and
the Band retreated to the shelter of the
Band-room where they discoursed popular
airs during the afternoon; while the Mando-
lin Club, thought discretion the better part
of valor, and chose to await a more propi-
tious day, and the piano didn’t appear until
nearly the close of the festivities.

The receipt of a new croquet-set added
zest to the interesting game, and the Presi-
dent retrieved a damaged reputation by giv-
ing the Vice-President a deserved walloping;
there were a new set of rubber quoits to toss
and some new bats to swing, and of course,
a ball game was had which must have ended
to the satisfaction of all concerned, as no
score seemed to have been kept, and then
there was the Bulletin board, filled with
fruitful subjects for discussion, and if any-
body had any kick coming about the spending
of the afternoon they kept it very much to
themselves.

—B 8266, Secretary.

Treasurer’s Report for the 3rd Quarter,
April 1st, to June 30th, 1918.

RECIEPTS

Balance on hand April I, 1918 $130.78
Contributions and Repayments 71.23
Commissions and Sale of Goods 23.925
Sale of old paper and ete. 106.38
Magazine Subscriptions 92.60

Total $424.24

DISBURSEMENTS
Gifts, Donations and Charities
Paid for Magazines
Purchase of goods from Inmates
Purchase of goods supplies
Miscellaneous Expenses
Thrift Stamps
Cash on hand June 30th, 1918

$85,25
93.19
141.09
57.36
28.81
5.00
13.54

Total $424.24
A MUSICAL “NOTE”

A re-organization of the E.S. P. Band was
effected last week; and it’s Officers are now,
B 8361, President; B 7621, Vice-President,
and Conductor; B 7018, Secretary and B 6450,
Treasurer.

Some new music has been purchased, and

"~ Overseer.

it wasn’t exactly

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. : (%)
TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.
UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block. Cell 22 5

FOR SALE —-Watch fobs 50¢ each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock. :
FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 7T5¢. B 5036, 6th Block. R
FOR SALE—Music Rack, cost $1.50; price
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.
FOR SALE—Addolorata
tion necklace different colors,
designed. B 8936 1st B. o _
LOST—On Croquet Ground July 2nd. a pair
of Spectacles.. Will finder please return to
B8068, 5th. Gallery. ;

FOR SALE—One Ladies size Guitar.
reasonable. B5949, 12th.-2 Gallery.
FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case
and instructor. Will sell reasonable. B6451,
1st Block. i} :

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5¢c each. B 7648, 9th Block.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-

also

Roman  Recep-
beautifully

Price

able. B 6523, 7th Block.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. ‘Alsc
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting
of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00
B 3070, 1st Blo('k. S 7 5

FOR SALE—Good Violin, reasonable B 108,
1 Block.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tahles, jewel-
boxes, trays, clamps etc. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Slide Trombone and instruct-
or, also Violinand instruector; both reasonable
B 8552, 4 Block.

WANTED—To buy a good Bead T.oom for
bag and necklace work; also rocking chair.
. B 9251, 5th Gallery

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203. 6th B.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All Work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th B]ock

more is to come, the instruments have ‘been
furbished up, the members are practising
deep breathing nightly, and whether all this
portends more, or better music, we don’t
pretend to know.

