---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_117.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOl V.

Philadelphia July 24, 1918

NO. 29

FOR SERVICE

July 1st, 1918.
MRS. MARY F. LOVELL, SUPT.;
215 SUMMIT AVE.
JENKINTOWN, PA.
My dear Mrs. Lovell:

I have your letter
relative to the splendid work done by inmate
B 8361, and when you see him I wish you
would give him my thanks for his patriotic
service.

I am interested in a Bill to provide for
the granting of conditional pardons in order
to permit the Inmates of our Institutions to
be paroled for service, and I should be glad
to see such alaw enacted. I have done my
utmost under the present law to force a
decision that would permit this to b2 done,
but it seems impossible under existing con-
ditions.

Very truly yours,
MARTIN G. BRUMBAUGH.

«GO—BANG” FROM
PRISONERS TO SOLDIERS

Our soldier boys at the front and at the
cantonments are in need of amusement
while off duty and this need is being met by
the patriotic efforts of a great many of the
country’s leading citizens and especially by
the the women of the nation.

Prison Inspecton Carver started the ball
rolling here by inducing the board of in-
spectors to furnish material for the making
of fi ‘= hundred ‘‘Go-Bang’’ games; the
equi} :nent necessary for playing the game
consists of a board somewhat similar to a
check :r board with the exception that the
boar:} has a good many more squares; also
a set of disks somewhat like checkers but
smaller, half of them red and the other half
purple.

“Curly’’ started things going with a bang
in here and when the print shop boys and the
Red Cross got busy, the five hundred were
soon completed. At the bottom of each
board is printed, ‘“‘Presented by the inmates
of the Eastern State Penitentiary.”’

Below is a copy of one of the letters re-
ceived, which explains itself:

THE NATIONAL LEAGUE
FOR WOMAN’S SERVICE
““For God—For Country—For home”’
New York City.
To the inmates of the Eastern State Pen-
itentiary

Gentlemen: —

The Soldiers and Sailors Canteen
of the National League for Woman’s Service
beg to acknowledge with pleasure the re-
ceipt of 5 boards and bags of ‘‘Go—Bang.”’
This interesting gift to our eanteen is the
more especially appreciated as being the free
will offering of men who are doing and have
done their ‘‘bit’’ by giving what they would
to comfort and encourage our boys at the
front.

I am very cordially yours.
-MRS. GEORGE C. ARCHER.
July 15th. 1918.

WE HOOVERIZE

The E. S. P. inmates joined the ranks of
the food conservationists on Saturday last,
when they voluntarily pledged themselves to
see that no more bread should be wasted in
this Institution.

There was nothing official about the move-
ment, it being purely an inception of the in-
mate body, with B 8361 at it’s head; a con-
crete expression of their sincere desire to
contribute their mite toward helping their
country to win this war; an official support—
tho not lacking—was neither asked, nor
needed. There will be no restriction of the
bread supply: the food hogs, should any sur-
vive, will still be free to exercise their gen-
ius for saving against a threatened ‘‘rainy
day’’ which never comes, in here. The re-
striction will be entirely a voluntary action
of the individual inmate, and he can either
save, or waste, according to his nature.

A weeks preliminary testing of the plan,
on the 11th Block, gave very promising re-
sults; the equivalent of some 700 loavesbeing
saved, and should this ratio be maintained
thru out the Institution, the country will be
the gainer by several hundred barrels of flour
yearly, and we none the worse, as the money
saved on flour will naturally be devoted to
the purchase of other foods. Let us all do
our utmost to help in this most meritorious

work of saving.

The Messrs. Robert J., John W., and Reu-
ben C. McKenty have spent the larger por-
tion of the past week in West Chester,
whence they escorted two of our number who
were called as witnesses as in the so-called
““Fifth Ward’’ trials. Theyreport apleasant
trip, differing widely with us, whose mem-
ories of the place are anything but pleasant.

-

HOME RUNS

Mrs. Laura T. Boal, one of the Matrons,
who so efficiently directs the 2nd Block, left
for a month’s vacation on the 16th. She
will spend the time with her mother, near
Trevose, Bucks County, and her charges are
looking hopefully to her return with garden
“‘sass,”’ and other creature comforts of the
country. '

Mr. Peter Enckler, our late Deputy-Ward-
en, paid the Institution a visit on Wednesday
last, and viewed the well-remembered scenes
of his past labors, with—we fear—regret,
for ‘‘Pete’’ was one who loved the ‘‘harness.’’

Mr. Gillespie, and his workmen, have been
exceedingly busy these past weeks, making
improvements about the Institution; install-
ing ventilators in the Hall, against the com-
ing winter amusement season; renovating
the Deputy’s residence, in anticiaption of
Mr. Robert L. Myers, settling therein; and
they are now at work on a ‘‘movie parlor’’
for the 2d Block. Let the good work go on.

PRISONERS ARE EMPLOYED AT
FARMING AND ROAD BUILDING

Howard Heinz, food administrator for
Pennsylvania, in a letter to the county food
administrators, directs attention to the ad-
visability of employing county jail prisoners
wherever possible at various kinds of labor,
thus releasing men for military or other es-
sential service. The State Board ‘of Public
Charities has sent forward to Mr. Heinz a
report showing most gratifying results from
the working out of this plan, which is op-
erating under the act of the legislature of
June 17, 1917. :

In many counties, a large part of the jail
population is profitably employed, as the
following statement demonstrates:

In Beaver county prisoners are employed
in farming and street work.

In Berks county they are farming a 12-
acre plat of ground, raising vegetables.

Blair county prisoners are farming six or
eight acres, raising produce for jail purposes.

Cambria county employs its prisoners at
farming and road building.

In Delaware county they are working on
the country almshouse farm.

Thirty-five prisoners in Luzerne county
are at work at the county farms or employed
at woodchopping for the benefit of the
mother’s pension fund.

Schuylkill county is using them for farm
work at the almshouse, and on a seperate
plat general preduce is raised for the jail.
