---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_118.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its re=ders.

Mss.—Original mz;tter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, July 24, 1918.

EDITOR

B 8266
Contributing Editors

B 8762, 8,36, 7,01, 9080
A WORD TO OUR READERS

We are pleased to call to the attention of
our readers, the above galaxy of wit and
wisdom —we had almost said beauty—who
have consented to assist us in our arduous
task of editing this publication, and so en-
ables us to view with equanimity a threat-
ened enlargement of the same.

It is our hope that the UMPIRE may voice
yet more truly the thought and purpose of
the entire Inmate body, and be the better
enabled to strengthen the bonds of sympathy
and understanding between inmate and
Official; and become, also a real medium of
expression to the outside world. It is our
collective purpose to hew to the line, let the
tips come whence they may.

—The Editor.

OPPORTUNITY

Opportunity is now holding out both hands
to the man behind the bars, saying: ‘“‘Come,
you have made your mistake, and you have
reaped the natural harvest, but now you
have another and a better chance. Things
may look black, life may look hard, success
may seem a long ways off, but these adverse
conditions should be your greatest spur, and
drive you on to certain victory.

Because you are branded in the eyes of
the world as a criminal, past and potential,
is no earthly reason why you should return
hostility, distrust for distrust, but rather a
first-class reason why you should roll up your
sleeves, and make a fight that will in the end
compel the admiration and respect of the
most suspicious, and that will lead to your
returning here some day as a distinguished
visitor, instead of being dragged a captive at
some Sheriff’s chariot wheels.

The man who goes out of here these days
with determination written all over his face—
and the E. S. P. written all over the rest of
him —with a real will to succeed, is as certain
of success, as he may be of coming back if
his first thought is to quench that long aec-
cumulated thirst. The doors of opportunity

are wide open, inviting you to enter, you
don’t even have to knock, if you come close
enough you’ll probably be knocked down, and
d:agged in, but you must go forward, there
can be no standing still. Opportunity never
stopped and dragged away the up-holder of
the corner-lamp-post, and never wasted
much time on an animated clotles-hcrse.
But for those who 1re afraid of soiling their
hands on the rungs of the ladder there never
was a better time to climb.

JUST REMEMBER

There are those of our number who com-
plain of public injustice, and it’s neglect of
the interests and welfare of the prisoner,
and never remember that they once formed
a more or less prominent part of that same
public, and never took even an academic in-
terest in the prisoner, unless they happened
to be a ‘‘professional,”” and then only how
best to keep from being one. But did they
do or say anything that might lead to the
bettering of our lot? Did they ever make
any protest against the common attitude
toward the prisoner, and the ex-prisoner?
Never a word. never aprotest! They werenot
interested then.

There are also those of our number who
spend a large portion of their time in howl-
ing about the hardships of prison life, and
never remember that prison conditions are
largely of their own making.

Prison conditions will never be made better
while an overt feeling against all discipline
persists; while the Officials are regarded as
one’s natural enemies, to be deceived to the
top of one’s bent; while the sole idea is to
put in the time, and do aslittle work as possi-
ble, and let the future look out for itself; to
think only of one’s self, and adopt the same
attitude toward your fellows. We, the prison
population, can do the most of all toward the

bettering of prison conditions, and we can de.

so by making the best of a bad matter; by
sinking self, by an absolute determination to
regenerate yourself, and help a little in the
regeneration of our perhaps weaker brother,
and the soonsr we recognize this fact the
better.

PRISONERS PAID $1A.50 A DAY

Kentucky will pay its priconers who work
on the road $1.50 a day in place of $1, as a
result of the highly suecessful experiments
during 1916 and 1917. A recommendation
for extending the system is made by Nat B.
Sewell, state inspector and examiner, in a
report just made to Governor Stanley, and
he also urges employment of several hundred
more prisoners and increasing the price paid
for the labor.

In spite of the experimental nature of the
work and the fact that conditions in some
counties were very unfavorable, the state
made a net profit of $600. Fewer guards

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various -
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2P M. :

Jewish serviees are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending July 17, 7
Released (X3 6¢ (43 (X3 (¥ 12
Prison population i S I296

Latest serial Number

and better business organization will, ac-
cording to the report, greatly increase the
profit of the state from this labor, even at
the low price of $1 a day.

Other reports made to the national com-
mittee on prisons and prison labor show
that the war is resulting in a greater use of
prison labor in road building all over the
United States. Nine additional prison road
camps will be established in Missouri, where
the price of the labor of the prisoners isfixed
at $1.50 a day and where the men work
without guards. The state highway depart-
meant reports that the percentage of escapes
from honor road camps is less than that over
the walls at the prison. Prisoners cannot be
supplied to private contractors.

Military roads are being built in Ohio by
the aid of convict labor. Fifty prisoners
from each of the state prisons have been
organized into emergency squads to rush to
completion the National Highway in Mus-
kingum County, so that road may beused ex.
tensively for the transportatlcn of army

‘motor trucks and other military supplies.

The namber of prisoners will be- doubied as
the work proceeds.

Govaraor Corx 2xpects the use of conviet
labor to lead to a boon for good roads in
Ohio. In aletter to the national committee
on prisons and prison labor the statement is
made that the road contractors gave up their
contracts in compliance with a war emer-
gency request so that the state could rush
work with convict labor. Private contract
convict labor is prohibited, but the state
may employ prisoners in road building. The
men regard detail to this work as an honor.

The committee, which is working for the
most efficient utilization of this labor from
its war bureau in Washington, is anxious to
prevent exploitation of these men even
though the state may employ them in the
war emergency. In this connection, it has
gone on record in favor of paying a wage to
the prisoner, a procedure which also protects
the standards of free labor and private in-
dustry. —The Corrector.
