---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_119.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

N R R R ERRRHSHHEBH_H_EBB __HHHHoHHHH»_ai_h_——_—__——_—_—__———_—___—__y,

NEWS AND COMMENT

American casualties to date: Dead, 4,703
wounded, 6,111; missing and prisoners 633.
1t’s a price we’ve got to pay.

President Wilson will take no vacation
this year. He will be kept too busy to leave.
So will we.

Gen. Crowder calls 7000 more draftees,

and 399 cooks to the Colors. Will Mr. Stack-
house, and his men, volunteer?

Lt. Quentin Roosevelt downs his first enemy
airplane. Fancy we can hear Teddy saying
““Bally.”” and ‘‘Dee-lighted.”’

The German meat ration will be cut to six
ounces after the 1st of August. Well there’s
at least one place we wouldn’t rather be.

Canada, which has already sent 400,000 to the
the firing-line overseas, is about to send an-
other 100,000. The Maple Leaf refusesto ‘‘fall
down.”’

British Recruiting Mission receives author-
ity to enlist all colored British subjects be-
tween the ages of 18 and 45. Do we hear
any response from toe 1st, and 4th?

Haiti declares war on Germany, making

" the twenty-first nation at war with the Hun.

Surely the Kaiser must discover soon he is
disliked.

President signs Wire Control Bill, empcw-
ering him to take over for the pericd of the
war, all telegraph, telephone, cable; and
radio lines. Wish the Govt. would take us
over for the period of the war. :

‘Pennsylvania’s Reserve Militia, consisting
of three regiments of infantry, and a squad-
ron of cavalry, goes into Summer camp at
Mt. Gretna. War is mostly what Sherman
said it was.

" Coal Administration orders coal supply of
breweries to be cut off. After their present
supply is used up they will be compelled to
close. Which is a erime, or a blessing, ac-
cording to the point of view.

Government control of the tobacco indus-
try, and the rationing of the same is a pos-
sibility of the near future. The Government
seems determined to make life not worth the
living outside the army.

Germans start their new offensive on a 65-
mile front on the Marne. They make but
little progress. Americans take two towns,
and Crown Prince’s army is being fought to
a stand-still at all points. It seems all we
can do is, sit on the side-lines, aad yell ‘‘Hold

3 259

em.

WHEN WE COME HOME

When I come home, O mother dear,
I would that no one else be near;

For I would be the boy again,

And have you comfort me—as then.
I’d have my bowl of milk-and-bread,
And see white sheets, and pillows spread,
Whereon to lay my weary head:

And ’neath the counterpane I’d creep,
And have you kiss me, ere [’d sleep.
To know ourselves no more alone,

Is our reward, when we come home.

When I come home, to you, my wife;
"Twill be as to a newer life:

With all the past forgotten, dead,
And we as lovers, newly wed.

And I shall do the thing you’d ask,
Take up with you the daily task;
Happy in your love to bask.

And walk with you a-down the years,
The while theHappy Ending nears.
For grief, and shame that we have known,
There will be you, when we come home.

When I come home, sweetheart o’ mine,
To greet you, as in olden time

At golden gate: how I shall thrill,

To see you waiting, as you will.

Then half intoxicated with bliss,

Of being freed of such as this,

Stoop, from your lips to steal one kiss,
Then proclaim a Happy Day,

That should never pass away.

That weary years we wait along,
There’s recompense, when we come home.

TAKING OUT THE KINKS

Universal military training is now being
advocated by our Government officials in-
cluding President Wilson. The primary rea-
son for the adoption of such policy is of
course grounded in the necessity of adequate
preparedness for the national defense.
Since the defiant declaration of the German
chancellor just prior to the bloody butchery
of Belgium in August,1914, that ‘‘treaties
are only a scrap of paper’’ it has become in-
creasingly apparent that the only sane and
safe course for nations is to proceed on the
assumpticn that “‘to befcrewzrned’” shculd
lead to ‘‘forearming.’’

It is a matter of special moment that as
all rivilized nations are being forced to this
same conclusion, they are also capitalizing,
in connection with it, the necessity of proper
physical development and manhood building.

The rigid discipline incident to military
army life is admirably adapted to removing
the kinks from the sissies, stiffening the

fiber of the flabby, straightening the stoop-

ing frames and shiftless young chaps.

‘] see the American troops in France are
going to use ready-made trenches.”’

“That’s so? Who made ’em?”’

““The Germans.’’

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

We had to come here to learn that pie is
not a not a necessity of life.
* . *
The local work or “‘fight’’ order is going
to save the State a large sum on mattresses

and pills.

% *
*

Someone—who should have known better
—told us that turnip tops were more or less

edible. Less is right.

* *
*

We have a perfectly good excuse for not
going to war. No, you guessed wrong, we're
afraid of getting sea-sick.

* e *

Our Overseers are very patriotic. The

most of them will spend their vacations in

making a war-garden hump itself.

* £
£ 3

Nowadays they operate on boy’s heads to
make better boys of them. That wasn’t the

end they used to operate on.

* *
*

Visitor (in green-house) —Do you happen to
know to what family that plant belongs?”’

Henry—‘‘That plant don’t belong to no
family. That plant belongs to the E. S. P.””

* *
*

Overseer— ‘‘I see that some Broadway
swells never wear a suit more than once.”’

Inmate—*‘¢ Well, neither do we; only it’s
a longer once.’’

L

Our idea of a cheerful soul is the man who
can get up in the middle of the night, step
on a carpet-tack, and immediately legin
singing ‘‘Brighten the Corner Where You
Are.”’

* ¥
*

The traveler who had stopped at a negro
cabin in Georgia, watched a pickaninny gob-
bling up a large piece of pie. ‘‘Some eater,
that boy of yours,”” he remarked to the
proud father. ‘Yas-sah,”” agreed the old
man, ‘‘he shorely kin eat. Once he git his
uppah lip ovah ah piece o’ pie, it am his pie,
boss; it am his pie!”’

% *
%

A CREED
I would be true, for there are those who
trust me;
I would be pure, for there are those who
care:
I would be strong, for there are those who

suffer;

I would be brave,
dare;

I would be friend to all—the foe— the
friendless;

I would be giving, and forget the gift;

I would be humble, for I know my weak-
ness;

I would look up, and laugh, and love, and
lift. — The Summary.

for there is much to
