---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_120.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

4
E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
Wl ct: W. L. Pet.
Printers 31 11 1782 Yankees 13 2988 2]
Cubs SORE] ST 3T, Athletics 1032 A1 7
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W LD Pet: “W. L.. Pet:
Chicago 56 29 659 Philies 40 43 482
New York 53 32 624 Pittsburg 43 39 526
Boston 37 48 435 Brooklyn 34 47 420
Cincinatti 37 44 457 ] St. Louis 34 52 39
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
WSS Pet: WSS Pet?
Boston 53 34 609 Chicago 39 46 459
New York . 45 40 529 St. Louis 40 45 471
Cleveland 500 42 543 Detroit 36 48 429
Washingt'n 46 41 529 Athletics 36 49 424

HONOR CLUB NOTES

A special meeting of the Board of Dele-
gates was held on the 16th day of July.

Meeting called to order by Vice-President,
A 8432.

The Vice-President placed before the
Board of Delegates the special business of
the day.

The resignation of the Secretary, B 8266,
was read.

Motion made by B 8663, and seconded by
B 3571, that the Secretary appear and state
reason for resigning. Motion carried.

Motion made by B 8663, seconed by B 8273.
that the Board accept the resignation of B 8266
as Secretary of the Honor and Friendship
Club. Motion carried by unanimous vote.

Motion made and carried that the Board
of Delegates adjourn.

The following business was fransacted by
the Honor and Friendship Club for the week
ending July 23, 1918:

For War Saving Stamps $1.00
From Grant & Co. 20.50
Commission to Grant & Co. 4.10
To B 5318 for hand-bag work 1.00
Collection for Mandolin 2015
Donation to H. F. C. 0.25
Subscriptions for Magazines 7.00
Sale of rags 109. 00
Commission on rags to B 8974 10.09
For the burial of five Inmates 100.00

Total Expenditures for the week ending

July 23, $116.19
Total Cash received from sales etc, ending
July 23, $13R.90

It seems rather strange, that so little at-
tention is given to the activities of the Honor
and Friendship Club, by its members, and
the work that is carried on. In the above
report appears an item for the burial of the
five deceased members of the Honor and
Friendship Club.

What does that mean to the average man?

Just this much: That the Honor and Friend-
ship Club stands as a barrier between de-
ceased members and the Anatomical Scciety
where formerly the deceased inmates were
taken. Now they are at least assured of a
burial befitting the Handy Work of The Al-
mighty.

The Honor and Friendship Club has abol-
ished the Anatomical Society in so far as
this institution is concerned. In its stead a
Christian burial by one of the Honorary
Members of The Honor and Friendship Club,
Mr. Bradley of the City of Philadelphia.

The very ties that bind its Honorary mem-
bers and The Honor and Friendship Club
together assures us that our deceased mem-
bers are cared for and given a decent burial
with no more hopes that if they are so un-
fortunate as to have no relatives that, they
will not go to the Anatomical Society but a
burial that their own people would bestow
upon them.

2000 N. 20th St.,
Phila., July 11th 1918.

To the members of the Honor and Friend-
ship Club:— :

It is with great pleasure and sincere
thanks that I wish to acknowledge my elec-
tion to honorary membership in the club. I
am very much interested- in its work and
sincerely hope it will continue to grow in
usefulness and service. Withall good wishes
for future success I am,

Yours sincerely,

SARAH J. DAVOULT.
A GOOD WILL OFFERING

Mr Yarnall, Overseer 9th Block, is seriously
ill, and the men of the Block recently clubbed
together, and sent him an offering of flowers
as an earnest of their hope for his speedy
recovery. Appended is a word of acknowl-
edgment, and applleciation.

Dear Boys: ;

I want to extend my thanks for the beau-
tiful flowers you so kindly sent Mr. Yarnall
today, they are wonderful. '

I can’t tell you how much he appreciated
them. He was deeply touched to know you
were thinking so much of him, but worried
for fear you had spent all your money.

I am trusting in God to bring him back
to good health to be with you all again."

Thanking you again, I am,

Sincerely,

LyDIA E. YARNALL

REWARD

A reward of five dollars ($5.00) is offered
for the recovery or information leading to
the recovery of the two beaded hand bags
which were taken from the library this- past
week, belonging to the Honor and Friend-
ship Club.

A 8432, Vice-President.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must ecome through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail #o notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasomable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c¢ each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE-—Birds, males and females
cages. B 7507, 8rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, T5¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack, cost $1.50; price
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.

FOR SALE—Addolorata
tion necklace different colors,’
designed. B 8936 1st B.

LOST—On Croquet Ground July 2nd. a pair
of Spectacles. Will finder please return to
B8068, 5th. Gallery.

FOR SALE—One Ladies size Gu1tar
reasonable. B5949, 12th.-2 Gallerx

FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case
and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451,
1st Block.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5¢c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR. SALE—Inlaid boxes.

also

Roman  Recep-
beautifully

Price

Prices reason-

able. B 6523, 7th Block.
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
mode]s and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting
of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25¢ a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00
B 3070, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Good Violin, reasonable. B 8108,
1 Block.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tables, jewel-
boxes, trays, clamps ete. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Slide Trombone and instruct-

or, also Violinandinstructor; both reasonable

B 8552, 4 Block.

WANTED—To buy a good Bead Loom for

bag and necklace work; also rocking chair.
B 9251, 5th Gallery.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy Pincushon shoes; price
$.75 B 7021, 6th, B.

