---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_121.jpg
---
Vi

.
B

" THE UMPIRE

‘Philadelphia July 31, 191

NO. 30

HOME RUNS )

The new Sox and Underwear Shop is mak-
ing very favorable progress under the ex-
pert management of Mr. Hornberger.
fifty to sixty dozen pairs of Soxs are being
turned out daily; while the new motor-driven
machines are at last in operation, and turn-
ing out underwear of the best quality.
These machines are the last word in effi-
ciency, costing some $665.00, and going about
their task with an entire disregard of the
operators leelings—or fingers.

Corporal Jimmy Johnson dropped in from
Camp Meade, one day last week, and re-
viewing the E. S. ‘‘Army,’’ pronounced it
almost the equal of the National bunch. He
introduced it to some ot the newest wrinkles
in warfare, and regretted that it’s circum-
scribed area of operations forbade his ac-
cepting a commission in the same.

The affable Mr. Morey, of the Bake-house
precinets, reports a huge saving in bread
since the action taken by the inmates to that
end. The saving has averaged several hun-
dred loaves daily, and we should now be able
to look [Hoover himself in the eye without
violently blushing.

Messrs. Collis, Mahery, Hornberger,
Mahedy and Patterson, are expected back to-
morrow from a ten-days vacation, mainly
spent, we believe, in comflict with the ir-
repressible weeds for control of a Victory
Garden. They are expected to report large
gains in tan and avoirdupois.

¢Col.”’ E. S. Dalrymple,—arbiter of the
destinies of the 1st Block—and wife, spent
the week end at Atlantic City, and report
seeing no U—boats, but plenty of souvenir
merch: nts in the offing. Anyway ‘‘Dal”’
couldn’t be sunk without a trace, and his
bulkhead protection is so perfect that it
would take at least three torpedoes todo the
job. :

Capt. Al. Dutton is away on his vacation,
which we are credibly infcrmed is being
spent at Sewers Inlet. This is a strange
body of water to us, but we can readily be-
lieve that the view from his rocking-chair
on the back-porch, at sunset, with the mos-
quitoes biting freely, is something immense.

From

.. 1w 1EPITAPH FOR AN AMERICAN SOLDIER

He was some mother’s well-loved son,

'—So fine he lookt in martial guise—

:« 'And now in alien earth he lies,
And hears no more the tuck of drum,
Nor sees the shell-flare in the skies.
Like to the seeker for a prize,
In some great race that had been run;
The. consciousness of duty done,
\qukt from his widely opened eyes.
That freedom have a newer birth;
That Truth and Justice only reign,
That Right prevail upon the earth;
Man’s upward struggle be not vain;
For this he proved a freeman’s worth,
And lies dead on Picardy’s plain.

A “LETTER” FROM “OVER THERE”

Just a line to tell you this is
the life, and you can bet I’'m enjoying every
minute of it. I’ve been right in the thick
of it for the last few weeks, and say, J---,
you’d call me a liar if I teld you how many
Boches I’ve got. If they were worth a dollar
a-piece-which they ain’t-I’d be a rich man
now. And excitement! Say, we used to
think a ball-game between the P------ s, and
the N----h. with the score a tie, the bases
full, and two men out, was exciting, but it’s
just a pillow fight compared with this.
Why, say, J----, there must be at least six-
teen airplanes overhead right now, shooting,
and dropping things, and you’d think it was
hailing by the bullets rattling on my helmet;
and say, J-- --, there’s more gas in the air
than there ever was in the Y----- on Satur-
day afternoons; and shells are ltustin’ all
around, so thick that I have to stop every so
often and brush the pieces of shell off the
paper so I can see what I’'m writing. Say,
J----- , if you were here you’d be scared to
death, but I guess you know me,alright.

And the nights! Say, do you remember
how I used to rave about the b.bs? Well,
they ain’t nothing compared to them Ger-
man airmen for a pest. Were you ever on
the Jersey side, and spent a twilight hour
with the mosquitoes? Well, the Boche is
just so, only worse. They come buzzing
around at all hours cropping Bombs, and
monkey-wrenches-and sometimes the whole
works when our guns get in a hit-drop ’em
in your bed, in your tobacco, in your boots if
you’re so foolish as to tak: ’em off; and say,
J----, you ought to be glad you got nothing but
b. bs. to bother you, for them bombs are
bad!

I’ve gotta go out now for a minute, cause
a sheli n 13 just come in, so no more till next
time,

From you old pal,

THE SKY-PILOT

As one of the employees in this prison li-
brary it is part of my duty to observe and
record for future reference the different
classes of literature which is sought most by
the individual inmates during their years of
gervitude,—and it has amazed me often to
note of late the great percentage which is
now-a-days seeking books of learning from
which they can derive some benefit. A wave
of yearning for some useful reading seems
to sweep through the prison, and whether
this has anything to do with the spirit of ad-
justment which seems to stir young and old
everywhere in the outer world today, and
which has even penetrated these walls and
driven into space the old order of things and
brought into our lives opportunities, first to
forget our wasted past and next to mold and
develop ourselves to meet a greater future,
that I do not know;- but I find that the men
in here more and more are coming to the real-
ization of the wisdom brought out so plainly
by our Chaplain on the fly-leaf of the library
catalog:

“Bvery book contains something applicable
to each of us, and we should try to eradicate
those faults and habits which are not condu-
cive tohonesty, truthfulness, and morality.
“‘Knowledge is Power,’”” and we should en-
deavor to use to our profit some of the gocd
things thinking men have said and written.”’

And so I will dwell a few moments upon
the conclusions I have come to as being the
causes of this great wave of better under-
standing. — :

There was a time, and not so many years
ago, when almost every merchant ship would
defy a ‘‘sky-pilot’’ to board her, and beirg
an “‘Old Salt’’ myself, I could tell of the
many futile and comical attempts that I have
seen these preacher men make in order to
get a footing on the deck of these deep-water
ships, our Jack London’s and Russels have
written so much about, even though they
knew that their successful landing on the
deck would have come out-disastrous to them
a moment later, but, somehow, their bull-
dog tenacity not to give up a good motive
nor to weaken because of the Captains and
Mates threats and profanity strengthened
their standing with the common sailor, who
gradually cultivated an admiration for these
well-meaning and helpless sky-pilot’s, whom
one should think would soon become discour-
aged from the seemingly fruitless results of
their labor;—but it seems that this very ten-
acity and earnestness of these mission people

(Continued on page 4 )
