---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_122.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

e ——————————————————————————————————— —————————— e e e e
_—__—_———#

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

Philadelphia, July 31, 1918.
THE SCRAP HEAP

Much has been said and written of late
years to establish the fact that society does
not gain by the present system of handling
men who 7iolate the laws.

Graduates of the reform schools take post-
graduate courses in the larger schools of
crime—the state prisons—and often return
when one would suppose that they had com-
pleted their education, yet society did not
wake up to the facts of this economic waste—
not to speak of the infinitely greater loss of
the moral effect— until recent years.

First the immoral environment of the home-
less child; next the institutional life of the
orphan, then the almost inevitable result,
the prison. Of course food and shelter were
provided which society seemed to feel was
all that was required.

Former prison methods only hardened the
hearts of the prisoners so that when they
were released they naturally drifted back to
their former associates among the out-casts.

That the law-breaker deserves the male-
dictions of society to some extent can not be
denied, but should he be subjected to years

of prodding and humiliation while in prison®

to break his spirit and fill his heart full of
~ revengefulness and bitterness? Society now
answers, No: and the fruits of this answer
are being gathered.

The Eastern Penitentiary recognizes the
fact ‘‘that a man is a man for all, that’’ and
that what a man thinketh in his heart, so is
he, and has put before us prisoners a chance
to think elevating thoughts by treating “us
as men. Illiterates are taught to read and
write and thereby to get the thoughts and
ideals of the worlds great thinkefs; voca-
tional training obtains; good books are at
hand; and the privilege of athletic games
out in the sunshine and fresh air in evidence
every day except Sunday.

The latest innovation is that the cells are open
all day giving the men the great privilege of
the yard and the men are organized into com.

panies for physical development under army
discipline.

Think of the men who in former years had
to spend all their weary time in a narrow
cell, their muscles withering up for want of
exercise, their lungs narrowed down to short
pants, their bodies wasting away for need of
sunshine and pure air, and their hearts and
souls famished for a little show of human
kindness; compare their deplorable conditions
to the present day, and look up.

Back of all this great change is the spmt
of it and when such a spirit is shown us,
shall we appreciate it and make good?

When men’s bodies are in good condition,
their minds and thoughts are brighter and
healthier, so instead of men having to go

from here to the scrap heap, they now have

the chance to make men of themselves under
happier conditions. How about it, shall we all
show our appreciation by co-operation and
make it a go? Everybody boost and do his
bit for the good of all.

It’s an inspiration to go out in the yard
and see the host of men go through the fig-
ures of organized calisthenies and military
maneuvers. It also has its humorous side in
watching th2 awkward squad. Narrow chested
men with bay windows are becoming chesty
and normal amidships. The crooked are
being made straight and re-formed. Their
mouths are turning up at the corners. The
Doector has a smile that won’t come off, ex-
cept an occasional fear that he might loose
his job.

Who knows but that Uncle Sam will be
glad to welcome us to help take the conceit
out of the Hun; who can say--with the world
on fire with the hell of war--that we may not
be called upon to do our bit. Who can pre-
dict anything sure while these great changes
are making history so fast. Can we not ex-
press the spirit of the times in honor and

friendship?—

It is now up to us. Placed in a position

_where it means so much to us, our manhood
“is;at stake.

There is not an. old timer in this
prlson today who knows prison life as it has

been bHt feels encouraged to attain to hlgher"{:

ideals and who does not heartily respond to
the call for cleaner and better living.

The law has set us d>wn as criminals; well
don’t get distressed, we’re caught, but how
about the fine sense of honor of the men who
for years contributed to the death rate of the
country by adulterating food products or the
fellows who manipulate the stock market to
their financial gain and various other schemes
whereby they rob their neighbor. The shape
of our heads and the trend of our aspirations
are not differant from theirs.

These changes in prison management are
the result of higher ethical standards all
around and no doubt the war has opened
men’s hearts to the bigger things in life than

mere gain as co-operation in a great cause.

has brought the high and low together for a
common purpose.

~good work of many prison

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

E'piscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 RPN

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

S L R o |

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during Week endmg July 25 6
Released - 10
Prison population % S 120
Latest serial Number 4 ““B 9303

But, no matter what the basic reasonsare
we fellows have to thank with our whole hearts
the powers that be for this great opportu-
nity to make this prison a better place to
live in, by everybody boosting for the com-
mon good.

— B 9080.

IMPROVED PENAL CONDITIONS

As I look back I see the prisons as they
were twenty-two years ago, dreary hopeless -
places, most of them, where men served
long cruel sentences without the hope of
parole, and compelled to work at heavy uun-
congenial tasks under the pressure of the
contract system, with rules, senseless and
soul stultifying, which arenow happily rel-
egated to oblivion

I am glad the work began in the days that
our ‘‘boys’’ were still called ‘‘conviets.’”’
Then Prison Reform was an unpopular sub-
ject, and the world was prejudiced and un-
sympathetic. It was truly pioneer work,
and, we had the glorious privilege of cham-

pioning the cause of those who then could .. .

not speak for themselves. There were no
prison papers. No prisoners could send out
messages to the press. They had no voice
with which to make their needs felt, their
wrongs heard or their tribulations known.
As the years have passed and owing to the
officials, and
many earnest friends who have arisen to
help, I have had the joy of seeing the dark
clouds of hopeless despzir dispelled, anc a
new day dawn of hope and happiness for the
boys who have learned to look up and hope.

Our prisons are immeasurably better than
they were, so much so that no comparison is
possible. But, they can become so much
better, that they shall be known as the
threshold of a new hope, and a stepping

(Continued on page 3)
