---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_123.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to date: 12,239, dead,
4510; wounded, 7,035; missing and prisoners,
690. But we seem to be getting our quid
pro quo, alright.

Arriving at the Front without artillery,
an American unit attacks German position
with rifles, and capture 2600 prisoners, and
72 guns. And they probably could have done
it without rifles, too.

Death of Lt. Quentin Roosevelt confirmed.
German aviators drop notes back of Allied
Lines, saying fall had killed him, and telling
of his burial with full military honors.
Dulce et decorum est por patria mort.

Soldiers at Camp Grant, Rockford, IlL,
who have been shooting at targets in the
form of German soldiers, have turned the
targets around, and are now firing at their
backs. Sort of adding insult to injury, as it
were.

The work or fight order is interpreted to
include ball-players, and is also likely to in-
clude the movies. Well, Walter Johnson’s
arm, and Theda Bara’s eyes would make an
excellent battery, we think.

Germany has called another million men to
the colors. Boys of 16, 17, and 18 are being
sent to the Front. Will it reach a point
where our boys will have to carry a stick of
candy with which to quiet the prisoners.

Major Theodore Roosevelt, Jr. is wounded
by a machine-gun bullet in the knee while
leading a charge on a nest of machine-guns.
Are we going to let the Roosevelt family
fight this war for us?

Ganerals Pershing, Bliss, and March; and
Admirals Sims, Rodman, and Straus, .are
made Knights of various Orders, by King
George. = We're likely to have a few Dukes
in our army before we get thru with the
Germans.

Secretary of War, Baker, will ask for army
of 5,000,000 men this year, when Congress
re-assembles in August, and will also ask
that the age limit for the Draft be raised
and lowered from 19 or 20, to40or 45. 2, 000,000
be called to training camps in Sep-

We’re still waiting Mr. Secretary.

U-boats sinks U. S. cruiser San Diego, off
Fire Island, N. Y., but most of the crew are
rescued... Tug-boat,” and four coal-barges
are sunk off Mass., coast, and a fishing
schooner off the coast of Maine. Does Ger-
many expect to win the war after this

manner?

men to
tember.

WHY NOT ENLIST PRISONERS?

An editorial in the New York Evening Post
of recent issue, under the above caption,
among other things says: ‘‘Should a pris-
oner be allowed to fight for the United
St'ates? This question is being discussed by
prisonreformers all over the country. More
than that, the topic is uppermost in nearly
every prison, penitentiary and house of de-
tention.”’

The Post then quotes from Doctor Kirch-
way, former Acting Warden of Sing Sing,
who had just completed an inspection of New
York and Pennsylvania penal institutions, as
follows:

“The men responded spontaneously and
well to all the patriotic appeals. The reason
is clear. Whatever appeal recognizes them
as citizens, men who must take hold of the
national problem with the rest of us, grips
them, because they have keenly felt the de-
gradation and loss of citizenship.

“They have been told that they were no
longer part of the coramon life; no longer
wanted or needed. The slightest thing that
intimates their fellowship awakens the most
pathetic enthusiasm.

I think the Government might well mod-
ify its attitude toward the eagerness of pris-
oners to serve the country. The Army is
the greatest socializing influence we have.
The inmates need it as the country needs
their rehabilitaticn. In the Army they
would be among all classes and conditions of
men. It would not be difficult for officers to
create a sentiment of perfect fellowship and
democracy without separating soldiers into
those who had done time in prison and those
who had not; rather let the distinction be
given those who demonstrated their bravery,
self-sacrifice and real devotion to the country
and the fighting unit.

““As long as men are kept together as ex-
prisoners, or criminals, their service to
their country becomes less of a redeeming

feature. The men ought not to feel that

man.
man ought to show no reservation. There

would be no better opportunity of human-
izing or socializing the criminal class than
by getting them into the Army.”’

[VIPROVED PENAL CONDITIONS

(Continued from page 2)
stone to better things in the life of every
man who comes under their influence.
I need hardly say that the life and conduct,

the spirit and work of each man, will tell as

mach in the attainment of these ideals as the
work and wisdom of our wardens and
others who are looking after their material

welfare in the prison world.
—New Era

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Our idea of a pacifist is a guy who is will-
ing to fight anybody except the Germans.
* *
*
.We may be ‘‘down,’’ but not ‘‘out.’”’ Not
with two up and, eight to go.

* *
*k

Quite a few of us are slated to earn our
first honest dollar under this work or fight
ruling.

* k
*

The Kaiser has it on Teddy in one respect,
at least. He started the war with six sons,
and he still has ’em.

* *
*

Doug’ says that he is fond of indoor sports,
but that a good many of them don’t know
when to leave.

* k
%

In other times when we were good,

Quail on toast was our favorite food;

But now we’re bad, and safe in gaol,
We’ve got the toast, but where’s the quail?

* *
*

In the heat of an argument the other day
we suggested to an erstwhile enemy of ours,
that he ought to see an alienist, and he came
back at us with the statement that an Amer-
ican doctor was good enough for him.

* *
*

Few of us care so awful much about dying
for our country, when there are several
more alluring fates, but the most of us are
willing and anxious to make a German die
for his.

* *
*

Would Mr. Stackhouse kindly mash Sat-
urday’s peas before serving? We watched
a gentleman eating them the other day, and
it really made us nervous the way they rolled
off his knife. '

* *
*

A friend informed us the other day that
he could scent a storm hours off. Five min-

‘utes after he left us we thought of telling

him that his nose must be a storm-(s) center.
We hope he reads this.

% *
ES

~ “Prisoner at the bar, 7 called out the clerk,
‘‘do you wish to challenge any of the jury?’”’

¢“Well,”’” says O’Brien, “I'm a bit out of
training, but I think I could go a round or
two with that guy in the corner.””

* *
*

The Generalissimo avers that he has dis-
covered an infallible method of overcoming
the faulty memory of his Aid-de-Camp. He
just writes out the Orders for the day, and
pastes them on the looking-glass.
