---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_124.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

_—

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. W. L. Pect.

Printers 32 12 1720 Yankees 15 29 840

Cubs 30 14 680 Athletics 11 83 250
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W ES Pct! =Wo L Pety

Chicago 59 31 656 Philies 41 47 466

New York 56 34 622 Pittsburg 46 42 523

Boston 40 52 435 Brooklyn 38 49 437

Cincinatti 41 47 466 St. Louis 87 56 398
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. W. L. Pect.

Boston 56 37 602 Chicago 42 48 467

New York 46 42 523 St. Louis 41 49 456

Cleveland 52 42 553 Detroit 40 351 440

Washxngt n 50 42 543 Athletlcs 37 53 411

THE SKY PILOT

(Continued from page 1)

brought about the desired conditions after
all. When I was yet but a boy in these old
‘‘wind-jammers’’ no one dared to sing a
hymn aboard, and the most of us were afraid
that our Captains or Mates should discover
that we had visited some Seamen’s Mission
while on shore leave, lest they should make
us objects of ridicule and sarcasm during the
rest of the voyage.

Today, when a ‘‘sky-pilot‘‘ approaches a
ship in the harbor a ladder is lowered down
her side for him, and when he steps upon
her deck to hold a service the National
ensign comes down to the rail, while in its
place is broken out the emblem of his calling
and officers and men bare their heads, and
listen.- And ashore today one sees very sel-
dom a ’’drunken sailor‘‘ ,- and the worlds
harbors are as safe at night as the ponds of
a park.-

So I am bringing this incident from the
life of the sailors to strengthen my argu-
ment, that these great and sudden reforms
whichare takingplace today alloverarebut the
natural evolution of the courageous work the
“‘sky-pilots’’ of the shore have been doing
for years, and that their tenacity to hang on
against great odds have brought about the
admiration and the attention that give them
today the free and unlimited admission to al-
most everywhere.

So let us remember, that tothe many ‘‘sky
pilots’’ bull-dog tenacity to hang on to this old
ship in defiance of Captain and Mates, till
public opinion passed them safely aboard, do
we owe our gratitude for the new order of
things, so that men go out from here today
better than they were yesterday, because of
the human kindness that was brought in to
us by those who understood, and whose kind
words and acts fell in harmony with our
thoughts of by-gone days in happy boyhood,
that made us ashamed of the mistakes we
had made.

That is why we find so many in here today
in their quiet evening hours of solitude per-
using books they neglected in years gone by,

—B 7401

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Office of the Secretary. July 23rd, 1918.
The regular meeting of the Board of Del-
egates was held this afternoon at 1.00 P. M.

Vice President A 8432 in the Chair.

The Chair appointed B 8501 Secretary pro
tempore.

Roll call showed ‘23 Delegates present, 3
absent.

Motion made by B 8087 and seconded by B
2740 the nomination for Secretary be open.
Motion carried.

Names placed in nomination as follows.

B 9017 was placed in nomination by B 2740

Moved by B 8087 that the election of B
9017 as Secretary be byacclaimation Second-
ed by B 2740. Motion carried.

The Vice President then had the Sergeant
At Arms escort B 9017 to the table and in a
few chosen words said. “‘It is the pleasure
of the Board of Delegates that the position
of Secretary of The Honor And Friendship
be bestowed upon you.’”” The new Secretary
thanked the Board of Delegates for the con-
fidence they had placed in him.

The Secretary then read the minutes of
the previous meeting. Motion made by B
2740 and seconded by B 8271 that they be ac-
cepted. Motiou carried.

The Secretary read the minutes of the
meeting of the Board of Governors held on
July 22, 1918.

The Secretary then read the Representa-
tive Delegates report. Motion made by B
2740 that the following new members be ac-
cepted. B 9258, B 9260, B 9265-25¢, B 9269,
B 9271, B 9272, B 9276-25¢c, B 9277, B 9278,
B 9279-10c, B 9280, B 9281-10c, B 9283-10c,
B 9285, B 9286, B 9287. B 9288-25c¢, 9289-10c.
B 9290, B 9291, B 9292, B 9293, B 9294, B 9296.
B 7112-10c was reinstated in the H. F. C.

B 8621 2 iy “CHOFIC
Motion carried.
The treasurer’s report was then read.

Balance on hand for the week ending July
20th, $158.04
Receipts for the week ending July 27th.
Circulating Library sales. $7.00
Donation to the H. F. C. 1.50
War Saving Stamps. 1.00

IT DON'T PAY

Crime pays very poor wages, S0 poor
that no one can afford to indulge in it.
Weobtainedanillustrationof thison the train.
One who'was thrown in for life, but who
fortunately for himself, and many others,
was liberated after serving seven and one-
half years, asked me to guess how much he
received per diem for the period of his in-
carceration. He was thirty-five when he
was liberated, and had spent one-half of his
life behind the bars. Knowing his ability, 1
guessed $1.00 per day. He answered, ‘To
high, only 60 cents.’’

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Cldthes brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

MILITARY NEWS

Saturday’s parade demonstrated that the
military drills and athletic exercises kave
accomplished much in physical efficiency of
the inmates as well as to make the parade
well worth looking at. Instead of the dis-
order as a result of lack of training— like
the German army in retreat—the men
hold their heads up and their chests out,
keeping step with the band like old soldiers.
The E. S. P. ‘‘reserves’’ is organized as
follows.

Commander in chief,

Warden R. J. McKenty.

Rev. Joseph Welch Moral Instructor.
Colonel Number B 8361
Lt. Colonel S ‘¢ 8266
Adjutant iy ‘8676
Aide-de-Camp B 8264 and B 9152
Regimental clerk Number ‘¢ 8543
Athletic instructor e ¢ 9001
Color bearer “ ‘¢ 8736
Sergeant major - ‘¢ 7426
Bugler i ‘¢ 8736
Captain, Co. A 5 ‘8264
Lieut. Co. A Es 9001
Captain, Co. B £ ‘¢ 8943
Captain, Co. C - ‘¢ 8567
1st. Lieut. Co. C % “* 8556
2ndzh et es 0 aRs s “ 6704
Captain, Co. D <% ‘¢ 8587
1st. Lieut. ‘¢ “¢ =4 ‘8705
Zndsnas i et “ ‘¢ 8588
Captain, Co. E L) ““ 7959
1st. Lieut. “‘ “¢ 2 TS
Each Captain-is responsible for the men

under his command at all times.

Of course once in a while a man has to be
brought to the knowledge that they are
under discipline; they would have to learn
that in the army. A case in point is that of
a man who didn’t want to drill, the other day
because it was too warm and he was getting
too tired; his commanding officer told him
that the yard was getting dusty and that he
had better get a broom and sweep up some,
that might give him some idea that one has
his duties in life whether in here or out. A
slacker in here gets about as much honor as
he does outside.

But the great point is that of the psycho-
logical attitude of the men since this out-door
training has been instituted; students of
human nature, psychologists, penologists
and even criminal court judges might see
many things here that would change some of
their pre-conceived ideas regarding men.
