---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_125.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

=

" Philadelphia August 7, 1918

HONOR CLUB NOTES

‘““Men may rise on stepping stones of their

dead selves to higher things.”’
Tennyson
The weather man kept his promise to the
He |, C,
Well proud need be our President, with
chest expanded to the limit reviewing the

parade of the Honor and Friendship Club’

with much pride, standing beside our genial
Warden, on the reviewing stand, andin hear-
ing of the pleasant comments of the visitors,
in their remarks of the H F. C.

Well proud of the Honor andFriendship Club
need he be, as they stand behind him to a
man, and let the ‘‘Kaiser’’ say a word for
Rube and his H. F. C. members will have the
gecond battle of ‘“‘Verdun.’’ :
- Tony says that he and his band, is well

proud to escort and play for the Honor and
Friendship Club’s Parade on Saturdays.

During the course of the afternoon’s concert

- by his band they rendered Tony’s master-
piece, which he has been working on for
some time, entitled ‘‘The Magicof McKenty-
ville.”” The composer was greatly applauded
by the men. E

Our ever popular Vice President and Board
of Governors were in evidence all during the
afternoon in the yard and ever ready to help
in the making of the afternoen as pleasant
as they could. '

Through the recent death of John J. Bradley.
Sr., Honoreary Member of the Honor And
Friendship Club, we have lost another of our
best, honest and valued friends.

For years Mr. Bradley performed the sad
duty of the burial for all our members, giving
each and every one a decent and honorable
burial and keeping their bodies from the
Anatomical dissecting table and ‘‘Potter‘s
Field‘¢ Conscientious in the performance of
his duty, Mr. Bradley soon gained the respect
and affection of all. We deeply deplore and
mourn his death, as it means a loss not only
to his family, but to every member of the H.
F. C. ‘‘He Was Our Friend.”” ‘‘Vale.”

July 29th 1918.

A regular meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was held this day and the following
business was transacted.

The Chairman called the meeting to order,.

the following being present. A 8432, B 8762,

and B 9017. : ’
The secretary then read the minutes of the

*previous meeting. Motion made by B 8762
and seconded by B 9017 that the minutes be

(Continued on page )

- Philadelphia, Pa.
- August 1, 1918.
My dear Warden:—

I enclose you a letter
which I have just received in response to
sending some of the Go-bang games to the
Reeconstruction Department of the Surgeon
General’s Hospital at Washington. It eon-
tains a deserved message of appreciation to
our men which I shall be obliged if you will
communieate to them.

Very sincerely yours,
CHARLES CARVER

Mr. RoBERT J. MCKENTY,
Warden.

To,

War Department

Office of the Surgeon General

Washington -

% July 22, 1918.

My dear Mr. Carver:—

: The games came

yesterday and I gave them to two of our

patients who were as interested in knowing

by whom they were made asby the games
themselves.

It is quite touching. I think the efforts of
your inmates, and will you tell them please
how much their efforts are appreciated by a
lot of tired, homesick men.

Thanking you for your kindness,
I am, Sincerely yours,
MARGUERITE SANDERSON.

THANKS

We are indebted to the courtesy of Mr.
Crawford, of the ‘‘Office,”’ for the following
excerpt from the letter of :n aviator friend,
serving with the A. E. F. in France. We are
surethat we speak for all in saying that weare
very grateful for the good opinion of oursel-
ves therein expressed, and voice a ferwvent
hope that the writer thereof will quickly be-
come an ‘‘ace,’”’ as we are sure he merits.
And we expressthe further hope that when he
attains to this happy goal he will negleet no
opportunity to drop a bomb upon the Kaiser,
and one or more of his sons.

“I was very much interested in the paper,
and what the fellows have been dving in
there. They are doing as much in their way
as we fellows over here, and if you can I
wish you would give them all my best re-
gards, and especially ““Curly, as it seems he
engineered the whole thing. Tell them that
if any ‘should get into military serviee I
would be proud to have them for a‘‘bunkie.”
They may have broken our social laws but
there is good in them or they would not be
willing to stand behind their country soread-
ily. Good luck and best wishes from one of
the boys ‘‘Over there.’”’

HOME RUNS

Mr. Thomas Parker, Jr. son of our own
amiable and efficient Captain Parker, of the
Night Watch, has joined the Student’s
Training Camp -at Fort Sheridan, Ill. in
preparation for a Commission in the National
Army, and the Cap’s pride in the future
General Parker is visible at thirty paces,
and who can blame him? '

Mr. A. Shaw, Jr., our new Librarian, who
has introduced such order and system into
that haunt of real culture, as would turn a
modern efficiency expert green with envy,
reports the accesion of a number of new
books to the Library shelves, and with a
supplemental Catalog, nearly ready for
issuance, those of our number, who, like
the Athenians of old, crave always some-
thing new, will be able to have their wants
gratified in the near future.

We are able to view the approach of winter
with equanimity when we contemplate the
piles of coal which grow daily about the In-
stitution. All available space is being used
to store this very necessary. adjunct to our
comfort during the days when we move the
bed up against the radiator, and if a local
coal famine this winter it will not be the
fault of the Prison Administration, we’li
warrant. Everything is full, or in process
of being filled, except the bath-tubs, and
some of our number are said to favor their
use. : :

It is with unfeigned regret that we chron-
icle the passing of Mr. Martin Tucker, an
Overseer of this Institution for many years,
and at the time of his being stricken with a
mortal illness, guardian of the 3d Block
eorner.

W-e did not have the pleasure of personal
accquantance, or contart, with the deceased,
but we ean say truthfully, that none name
him but to praise, and that his loss is deepiy
felt by both Officers,and Inmates. The one,
mourn a good comrade; the other, a staunch
friend, who ever dealt justly; and of whom
no word of criticism ean be truly spoken.
Four of his fellow Officers. Messrs. Collis,
Smith, Mahedy, and Sullivan were amcng
the pall-bearers at his interment on Satur-
day morning, when the the floral offerings
of the Honor and Friendship Club, and the
Third, and Sevzanth Blocks, had honcred
place among the many such tributes, and
gave mute expression fo the sincere esteem
in which he was held by his former charges.
May it be truly said of him, as of Dunean
the King, ‘ After life’s fitful fever he sleeps
well.”’
