---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_126.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

——_ﬁ

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. . :
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ag-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addresved
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, August, 7 1918.

DISCIPLINE

The discipline of life, -which most of us
resent as a perfectly unwarranted interfer-
ence with our lives, liberties, and our ancient
and inalienable right to do as we darn please
is really, were we but wise enough to see it,
the only way to happiness.

A man buys his freedom by restraint, self-
denial, and work. Temperance in all things,
should be named the first cardinal virtue.
It isn’t the ball-player who tries to stretch
a three-bagger into a home-run, and perishes
at the plate, amid the groans of the disa-
point:d fans, who becomes the idol of the
multitude, but the old reliable player who
neglects no reasonable chance, makes a spe-
cialty of touching each base as he passes -it,
and obeys orders.

The art of self-denial; the thinking first of
the other fellow, is a very necessary virtue,
indeed. Some of us go blithely ahead in our
chosen course, ready to trample down all
who oppose us, confident that our way is the
best way, thinking only of our own good, and
end by finding ourselves, like the traveler in
the dessert, in the middle of a vast solitude,

with ever man’s hand against us. We are

become a hissing, and a by-word for selfish-

ness, and we can’t understand it at all, for
our ideas of our own_ importanée was such
that we never dreamed but that our own
little world would recognize it, and standing
respectfully aside, look admiringly while we
swept triumphantly up to the finish line,
trailing clouds of glory as we came, victor,
as it were, by divine right.

And they are always viftuously surprised
and indignant when some little sawed-off
runt, who, in their eyes has never possessed
either brains or refinement,is summoned to
the front on the annual field day, and has a
real silver medal pinned to his perspiring
bosom, amid the Banzais of the multitude.

. buildings.

They simply can’t understand it. Failing,
or not wishing to remember, that the little
runt who kept so assidulously in the back-
ground and shunned the lire-light as tho it
were a disease was always busy, and that in
doing things for others, and without any
thought of a possible reward. "

As to work we realize how distasteful any
discussion of this subject must be to a
number of our readers, and will simply say
this much, that the man who shys away
from work, generally eats at”the second
table, after all others are thru and that is
hardly our definition of happiness.

THE BIGGEST SHIPYARD

It is the largest shipyard in the world, as
big as any five yards in this country at the
outbreak of the war. It covers 860 acres.

Fifty shipyards will extend a mile along
the river. Seven piers will have a total
length of one and two miles. Each pier
will accommodate four of the large ships at
once.

A total of 1,000 shops all over the country
employing 350,000 men, have been mobolized
to fabricate the parts of the vessels. They
must turn out 75,000,000 feet of lumber,
406,000 tons of steel, 570 boilers, more then
500,000 horse-power of steam turbines be-
sides steel shaftings, propellors’ anchors
and other fittings.

The shipyards will handle 400 freight cars
aday. About250 carsof construction material
have been handled each day in the building of
the yard. The average timea car hasbeen in
transit has been tawwenty days, so that for
four months several thousand loaded cars
have been rolling steadily toward Hog Island.

About 300 cars will be required for the trans-
portation of .materials inside the yard

The ;yards have seventy-two miles of track.

There are more than 20, 000 parts to each
ship. All these must be assenibled.

There will be twenty-five acres of covered
There are 22,000 employees and
will be-29,000. . Five thousand men now live
in barracks. :

‘The weekly pay roll is now $750,000—

Each noon hour 16,000 men are-fed by
company in a great mess hall. There are
consumed daily 12 steers, 150 bushels of po-
tatoes;15 bushels of onions, 12 bushels of
carrots, 1,500 gallons of coffee, 3,500 pies,
900 pounds -of butter and 7,500 pounds of
bread. The water system has rapid sand
filters of a size sufficient to serve a city as
large as Minneapolis. The electric power
28,000 horse power, consumed is approxi-
mately equivalent to that used by the City

the

-of Providence.

The sewerage system will be sufficent to
care for a city of 30,000 persons.

A fire department at the plant has ninety
uniformed men and modern engines. The
military police, including a large mounted

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

. Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.
General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2. P.M. -
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

- — T ST A

POPUILATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending Aug.1 -~ 8
Re]?ased c¢ (43 (4 (X1 (X3 5
Prison population 2 SRR 305
Latest serial Number s ““B 9309

B ————————————

force, number several thousand.

There is a base hospital under Dr. Thomas
Darlington, former health commisioner of
New York city, with five emergency hospi-
tals. Dentist work twenty-four hours a day
in eight hour shifts caring for the teeth of
employees.

Ships are being built! —N. Y. World.

PRISONERS’ RELIEF SOCIETY

While war times have made it unusually
easy for released prisoners tosecure employ -
ment, the Prisoners Relief Society, of Wash-
ington, D.C., is still looking after the wel-
fare of those who require assistance either
before or after leaving prison. The Society
has on its list railroads, manufacturing and
mevcantile establishments all over the coun-
try, who are willing to take former prisoners
on their payroll. Earl Dudding, founder of
the Society, has placed 5,000 ex-prisoners
during the last three years.

The Dudding system is different from that
of the commercial enploynert sgerces.
Men about to be released from prison are
given blanks to be filled out, one by them-
selves and the other by the warden. Follow-
ing the receipt of these blanks thorcugl in-
vestigation is made to assure the Society
that the man is on the square. This investi-
gation and the information furnished by the
man himself, usually discloses some line of
work for which the applicant is best fitted.
Letters are then sent out to all the concerns
listed as willing to take such men and who
employ men of the class of the applicant.
The return mail usually brings from one to
three or four opportunities for honest em-
ployment, so that when a priscner is given
his release from the prison and steps for-
ward again a free man. he is given at once
full instructions how to proceed to the place
where he is to receive emplovment. . Thus he
goes directly to his new work, and there is no
chance for him to be blackmailed, as are so
many ex-prisoners, by men who know their
records and who extort money from them
under constant threat of exposure. There is
nothing left to expose. The employerknows
all about it and doesn’t care.
