---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_127.jpg
---
NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to date killed, 5,628;
wounded, 7,732; missing and prisoners, 764.
It is a goodly toll, but the stayxng of the
Hun tide is worth it.

d)nduras declares war against Germany
making the twenty-third nation to become
really peeved at the Kaiser. It begins to
look as tho this scrap was open to all comers,
with the apparent exception of ourselves.

.

The Fourth Liberty Loan drive for an as
yet unannounced sum will be made during
the three weeks from September, 28, to Octo-
ber, 19th. Which leavesus all plenty of time
in which to procure the wherewithal to buy
a Bond.

The Envoys of the Allied Powers are driven
from Russia by the Bolsheviki, who are
apparently on the point of going over to the
Germans. Well, there’s one consolation, at
least they won’t have far to go.

Lawyers, barbers, chauffeurs, actors, and
all circus employees, and attendants, which
includes ‘‘fakers’’ are expected to come

under the provisions of the work or fight
order at an early date. And, oh,” but we,re
sorry for the first named.

24 Philadelphia boys were among the crew
of the freighter Tippecanoe when it was sunk
off the coast of France by an enemy sub-
marine, but only one life was lost. Which
was one too many.

One piece of Victory pie is now allowed to
be served in restaurants in addition to the
two ounces of bread-aliowed to each patron.
And so is life on the outside made once

more worth living.

We regret to report the continuing illness
of Mr. Yarnall; the serious condition of our
ex:Deputy, Mr. Enckler, who at once
more in Hospital, and the absence from his
post of Mr. Tucker, guardian of the " 3d
Block corner, from the same cause.

Americans keep right on winning and it’s
now only a question of days till the Kaiser
discovers we have an army in France. They
whip the Prussian Guard, advance two miles
n one day, capture so much enemy ammu-
nition that it takes them three days to shoot
it off—-from one-time enemy guns, of course—
take thousands of machine-guns, and hun-
dreds of prisoners. And the order of the
day is ‘‘Banzai’’

THE UMPIRE

28 GOVERNORS FAVOR
CONVICT WAR LABOR

The proposal to place 100,000 of the 200,000
men now in American penitentiaries on a

_uniform parole to give them the opportunity

to help win the war by working in shipyards,
munitions plants, railroads and :farms was

> .explained last night by Esrl H. Dudding,

president of the Prisoners’ Relief Society,
of Washington, in an interview.

Dudding frankly said he once was a convict.

He served four years in the Moundsville,
W. Va., penitentiary. With Miss Evelyn
Abbott, secretary of the society, he passed
a day in Philadelphia to inspect the various
plants here where 100 one-time prisoners
have been placed in the last two months
through the effort of the organization.

““We are working on this proposal with all
the Governors of the States as well as with
the Federal Government,’”’ Dudding said.

““Thus far twenty-eight Governors have
declared in favor of the program. The .so-
ciety could place 100,000 men in war work
within ninety days. Twenty-five thousand
of them would be needed on farms in the
West alone.’”’

RSV P,

What will we say when a child shall ask,
What did you in the world‘s great task?
How shall we phrase our.answer then,
When one asks, were you of Pershing ‘s men?
Where will we look, and what will we say,
When others tell of their battle-day?

Must we bow our heads in enduring shame,
While our brothers win to a leathless fame?
Shall we who are ready, ard willing, aye.
Ready and willing to do" ar d die,

Be denied the right of a man to give,

All that he hath that his soul may live?

Debtors we are to the law we broke,

And we would pay in the battle smoke:
For all that we did make payment there
On deck, or in trench, or in upper air.
And whether to life, or to death we again,
We would be free of our souls dark stain.

If it be death: then in cause like this,
Death were ‘sweet as a loved one’s kKiss.
If it be life: for us new-begun,

Men, by grace of a task well done.

0 leglﬂatorq we ask a chance

To work, or ﬁght in the fields of France.

His wife had followed hlrr' aCcross to be a
Red Cross nurse. During a bit of German
strafing he fell wounded and woke up several
hours later in a ﬁeld,ho\pltal His wife was
bending over him. ‘‘Ain’t that just my
luck, Jenny,’’ he murmured. ‘“With all the
pretty nurses there are over here to look
after the soldiers I had to draw you.’

one gét the better of you.

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

There is to our mind but one redeeming
feature about a cornet; the operater can’t
sing while he’s playing it..

* * *

Whitey:— ‘“Wasn’t that the sound of a re-
volver?”’

Johnny:—Yes, I just turned on the elec
tric fan.

% Lok

Suspenders have doubled in price. Which
makes it difficult for some of our old-fash-
ioned members to keep up appearances, not
to speak of lesser things.

* *
ES

C---, “‘It is said that when a man is drown--
ing all his past life passes before him.”’
M----, ““Huh, you .don’t have to drown to
have that happen, just try going on the wit-
ness stand. i

* *
*

Once more we venture to mention the dog
problem. We don’t wish to see them killed,
or otherwise disposed of—we re too humane
for that—but we do make a moving appea1 i
to Joe Campbell to have them tuned.

* *
%*

Hush, little quarter, don’t you cry,

You’ll be a Thrift Stamp, by-and-by.
Thers, little Thrift Stamp, dry your tears,
You’ll be a Bond in the coming years.

And, little Liberty Bond, don’t cry,
You’ll have company, by- and lﬁf

* £
*

A “‘hobo’’ wrote as follows to a patent-
medicine concern, after he had been sent-
enced to six months on the rock-pile for steal-
ing six bottles of their nerve tonic.
¢‘Gantle nen—Before taking your tonic I had
not done a day’s work in tenyears. Itcok six
bottles and am now worklng steadlly every
day 5

e P

The esteemed Summarv remarks fhat “Of
two evils the greater one is letting the lesser
We’ve turned,
this around, and upside down, and we still
fail to understand it a3 we go to press.

Red was asked the other day if he didn’t
want to try.a little base ball. He said, ‘‘No,
I never play none of them-.athletic garres
~except dominoes.

e r ;

There were a few days durmg the week
when we would gladly have given Germany
our ‘‘place in the sun,

* *
*

Here’s a thought for you. If you could do
as you please just what would you do?
