---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_128.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
WISt \ W. L. Pet.
Printers 34 13 720 Yankees 16 31 360
Cubs B2 b GR() \ Aithletics 1208258750

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

)2 PR o W. L. Pet.
Chicago 63 33 656 Brooklyn 43 51 457
New York 58 39 598 Cincinatti 42 51 452
Pittsburg 50844539 Boston 42 55 433
Philies 43 51 457 | St. Louis 42 59 416
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
L B W. L. Pet.
Boston 61 40 604 Chicago 47 51 480
Cleveland ~ 58 44 569 | St.Louis 45 55 450
Washingt'n 55 45 550 | Detroit 44 54 448
New York 48 49 495 Athletics 39 59 398
e LEn e L
HON()R CLUB NOTES
(Continued from page 1)
accepted. Motion carried. The secretary
then read the Representative Delegates
report Motion made by A 8432 and second-

ed by B 9017 that the Board accept the
report of the Representative Delegates.
Motion carried. The Secretary then read
the communications of the week. Motion
made by B 9017 and seconded by B 8762 that
the H. F. C. purchase the mahogany table
which B 7674 offered to selt to the H. F. C.
Motion carried. Motion made by B 8762 and
seeonded by A 8432, that $2.00 be paid to B
7241, for the articles the H. ¥. C. purchased
from him. Motion carried.

Receipts for the week ending July 27th
were as follows.

Circulating Library Sales.

Donation to the H. F. C. * $0.25

WeasS, 8. $1..00

A loan of $5.00 was made to B 6109 at the
gate, by order of the President. He was
injured while at His work at the Navy Yard.

Moved by B 9017 that a Committee of four
be appointed, as an athlétic eommittee for
to devise ways, and means, for all future
athletic events. Motion made by B 8762 to
ammend the resolution making the secre-
tary of the H. F. C. the Chairman of said
committee. Motion made by B 8762 and
seconded by A 8432 that the resolution be
adopted. Motion carried. Motion made
dnd seconded that there being no further
buasiness the Board adjourn. Motion carried.

' July 30th 1918.

A special meeting of the Board of Gover-
nors was held this afternoon at 1 P. M.
to take action on the death of Mr. John J.
Bradley, Sr., an Honorary Member of the
Honor And Frie\n-d.sh‘ip Club.

On Motion duty made and seconded, fhe
seceretary was instructed to write a letter of
condotence to the family of Mr. Bradley in
behalf of the H. F. C.

On motion made by B 8762 and seconded by

B 9017 the President was authorized to pur.
chase a suitable floral design with the H. F.

$4.50

C. letters upon it, to be presented to the
family of the deceased.

Motion made by B 9017 and seconded by
B 8762 that the president attend the funeral
of Mr. Bradley as representative of the H.
F. C., motion earried. : :

Motion made by B 8762 and seconded by A
8432 that the Secretary draw up a set of
Resolutions and present a copy of the same
to the family of the said Mr. Bradley and
they be pringed in the UMPIRE. Motion
carried. ]

Motion made and seconded that there be-
ing no further business the Board of Gov-
ernors adjourn. Motion carried.

July 30, 1918.
- A special meeting of the Board of Delegates

was held this day at1.00 P. M. to take action

on the death of Mr. John J. Bradley, Sr.

The Chairman A 8432 called the meeting to
order and ‘the roll call showed all the Dele-
gates present.

The Chairman A 8432 then addressed the
Board and stated what action the Board of
Governors had taken in regards to the death
of Mr. John J. Bradley.

Motion made by B 2740 and seconded by
B 8663 that the secretary draw up a set of
Resolufjons in behalf of the H. F. C. and
send a copy of them to the deceased family.
Motion carried.

Motion made by B 8271 and seconded by
B 2740 that the Board of Delegates wear a
black ribbon for the period of 30 days in
memory of Mr. Bradley. Motion carried.

The Chairman then placed before
Board the vacancy which
Treasurer.

Motion made by B 2740 that an eleetion of
a treasurer take place to fill said vacancy.
Seconded by B 8663. B 8501 was placed in
nomination by B 2740.

Motion made by B 2740 and seconded by B
3998 that the nomination be closed. Motion
carried.

Motion by B 8087 that the election of
treasurer be unanimous. Seeonded by B
3998. Motion carried.

The Chairman then asked the Sergeant at
Arms escort the new Treasurer to the table
and in a few fitting words tendered the
office of treasurer to the new Treasurer.

Motion made by B 8271 and seconded by
B 3998 that B 6093 be admitted to the H. F. C.
Motian carried.

Motion made and seconded that the Board
of Delegates adjourn. Motion carried.

July 31, 1918

A special meeting of the Board of Govern-
ors was ealled by the Chairman this after-
noon at 1.00 R. M. to take action on the death
of Overeeer Martin Tucker who died on the
31st inst.

On motion duly made and seconded the Sec-
retary was ordered to write a letter of con-
dolence to the family of the deceased, in be-

the
existed of a

W—_———‘_——_LM-——“__—_———__—‘—_

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertxsements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE oﬁice
when advertised goods are 8old will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column. ‘

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35c to
$1 50. B 1881, 7th Block (**)

B 7386 3rd Block

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS-—repaxred and covered. B8821,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE— Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Eloek.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. R 7507, 3rd Block.
LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for

sale. Price, 7T5¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE— Mumc Rack cost $1. 50 #prlce
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal,

FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman  Recep-
tion necklace different colors, beautifully
de51gned B 8936 1st B

half of the H F G ®

On motion made and seconded the President
was appointed a committee of one to purchase
a floral design, with the H. F. C. initials on
it, and present it to the family of the deceased.

On motion made and seconded the Presi-
dent was appointed to attend the funeral of
Mr. Tucker as the represenative of the
HEC

Motion made and seconded that there being
no further business the Board adjourn.
Motion carried.

WHEREAS:

' In the wisdom of the Almighy,
He has deemed it fitting to take one of our
Honorary Members, JOHN J. BRADLEY, SR.,
from this earth. :

We, the Officers and Delegates of the
Honor And Friendship Club, ot the Eastern
State Penitentiary. in fitting spirit, do give
expression to our appreciation of the kindhy
interest always given both the Club and
members by Mr. Bradley.

RESOLVED:

That im his death our Organ-
ization of which he had been an Honorary
Member, and had been connected for the
past few yearsloses an efficient and faith-
ful Member, the Church and community a
consistant Christian and good citizen and his
family a devoted and loving father.

Be IT FURTHER RESOLVED:

That the commemorating the goodly inter-
est of the late John J. Bradiey, Sr., the
Honor And Friendship Club shall purchase
a suitable floral emblem, and present the
same to the family of the deceased, with the
condolence of the Officers and Members of

sthe Honor And Friendship Club, and that a

copy of these resolutions be sent to the
family of the deceased.
