---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_129.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia August ;14 1918

NO. 32

A DRUM BEAT

The E. S. P. Volunteers were out on Sat-
urday afternoon in fullest panoply of war,
acting as escort to a ‘‘captured’’ Kaiser;
whom they afterwards hanged in effigy
with all ceremony and contumely, to mzke
still more effective an E. S. P. Holiday.

The interesting replica of his Germanic—
and Satanic Majesty, stuffed with excelsior,
which beats blood-and-iron—and with a cab-
bage-head camouflaged to look so nearly like
the original, beneath the (tin) helmet, as
would deceive any admiring Hun, was tri-

_umphantly escorted about the yard in a cart,
under the close guardianship of the ’‘Mulli-
gan Guards,’’ organized, and armed for the
occasion with staves and agriculturial instru-
ments, as tho the captive were some new
form of potato-bug which had been captured
in the Colonel’s War-Garden, and was being
put on exhibition before being exterminated.

A scaffold had been erected on the Store-
house grounds, and upon the disbanding of
parade, a drum-head court-martial was at

once con7ened, and the captive put on trial

on charges of inciting a whole nation, or
nations to riot, and other charges as des-
cribed in a Bill of Indictment presented by
B 8264, who acted as Judge-Advocate of the
Court.

City & County of Philadeiphia )

State of Pennsylvania {

A True Bill of Indictment

At a special session of the Grand Jury
convened by authority of the Military Tribu-
nal before whom this acticn is triable, evi-
dence was submitted to the effect that one
Kaiser Bill, alias ‘“Me und Gott;’’ alias ‘“The
Baby-kiiller; alias Assistant Big-a:d-Liitle
Devil;’’ alias Bad Bill from Berlin, c¢te. did
on a certain day of our Lord, 1914, felonious-
ly, and with malice aforethought murder-
ously precipitate a peaceful world into such
a war as Sherman couldn’t have described;
and further:

" He has, for the past four years, been the
chief devil of a band of murderers, who
have ravished helpless women, bayoneted
helpless babes; murdered old men, and young
chiidren on a pretext of military necessity,
and that:

He has within the present year, so exten-
ded his operations as to include those who
are our friends, and brothers; has thru his
agents, murdered American wounded; cru-
cified American prisoners, and further:

Has violated every existing law of war-
fare, as well as of humanity; has -fired upon
and murdered, Doctors and Red Cross nurses

on their errands of mercy; has sunk hospital
ships, and bombed field-hospitals; and the
greatest crime of all, has been proven to be
the father and protector of six of the great-
23t yellow streaks known—and unfavor-
ably—to history; with other high crimes and
misdemeanors too numerous to mention.

“‘Gentlemen of the court, you have heard
the charges. You know the evidence. What
say you, Guilty or not Guilty?”’

The yell of ““Guiity,’”’ and ‘‘Hang him!”’
which went up from that bunch of Volun-

teers would have convinced the most dull-:
witted that the Kaiser didn’t have a friend .

in that assemblage; and it was easily appar-
ent that his doom was sealed.

‘““‘Kaiser Bill, stand up!”’

Business of cowering victim being assisted
to his feet by the Colonel, and the Lord
High Executioner.

‘“The sentence of the Court is that you be
hung by the neck until you are dead, and it
is the hope the Court that your inhuman soul
may find repose upon the hottest gridiron in
the hottest corner of your Great Accom-
plice’s domains. Executioner, do your duty.

Without benefit of clergy -what benefit of
clergy had the men, and women, and children
of the Lusitania?- and amid the wild cheers
of the spectators, the trap was sprung, and
the body of the world’s greatest criminal,
the magnitude of whose offenses against law
and order makes us hang our heads in variest
shame of our inefficiency, shot thru, to hang

‘quivering, a target for the jeers and missiles

of the spectators. As a rehearsel of the
execution the Volunteers hepe scme day to
pull off in Berlin, it was most successful.
Mr. Lafferty, and a friend, Mr. Grier,
appeared during the afternoon, andreviewed,
the Volunteers, who covered themselves with
a rich cast of glory by the precision ¢f their
evolutions. Mr. Lafferty made a shortadciess,
saying that 1e w1s sare that all this preparat-
jon would not go for naught, but thatscmeday
every man present might be on the firing-
line doing his *‘bit'‘ for bhis country, which,
statement brought forth a storm of applause.
We feel sure that if his was the dispensation,
it would not be long until we were fighiing

Messrs. Suallivan—we know now why our
clean collar wasn't ret1rned in time for Sun-
day’s wearing —; Tees; Ewing; Tom Collins,
and we also understanc why no priscners
came in during the last week, they hag
heard that the Co nmittee of Welcome would
not be present—and IHHarry Myers—and we
think we know now where our new suit
went—will be back to-morrow from a vac-
ation which we hope was spent not foo
wisely, but well.

‘of Atlantic City.

HOME RUNS

Warden Robert J. McKenty; wife and Miss
Elsie McKenty, are spending a few days at
the Delaware Water Gap, in search of cool-
ness and the quiet life; while Mr. John W.
McKenty has lost himself for ten days in
the whirling tides—human and otherwise—
We don’t doubt that a
coat of tan will sit as admirably upon our
Warden as does his uniform; but we would
respectfully advise the Hon. ‘‘Johnny’’ to
wear a sea-anchor when bathing.

Mr. Larry Redmond, one-time playful
Cerberus of the Seventh Block, was in look-
ing us over on a day of the past week, and
reports a hope of being back on the job in a
month or so. Which news is not unwelcome.

Our Star Reporter hath it, that Mr. Yarnall
is safely recovering from his recent illness;
that Mr. Whittaker’s defeat by the heat
wave of the last week was but temporary;
and that Cap. Dutton, whose mysterious in-
disposition so svon following a vacation, is
unexplainable except on the assumption that
he mistook a toad-stool for a mushroom, or
vice-versa, is back on the job after an ab-
sence of two nights; which leaves the In-
stitution practically in statu quo.

Messrs. G. B. Snow, of the United
States Marines, whom the Germans so affect-
ionately (!)term ‘‘Devil dogs;”’ and who is
still suffering from a wound received in
France; and R. E. Adams, and Frank Durkee,
of the U. S. Navy, were Saturday visitors
to the Institution, and gave it as their
opinion that this place was far superior to
the trenches as a place of residence, but
signally failed to convince us of the truthof

this assertion.

The Hon. Robert L. Myers has his hands
full these hot days acting as Grand Outer
and Inner Guard to the Ice Wagon. The
barred zone he throws about this very ne-
cessary vehicle and it’s coveted contents
could well be copied by our artillery com-
manders tor us in France. No foe, however
ingenious, has yet succeded in passing it.

That riches have wings is an accepted
axiom, but friend Goldsmith has been heard
to state in no uncertain terms that trans-
fers are also possessed of some such aids to
locomotion, and cites arecentbreathless two-
hour pursuit of an elusive specimen on a re-
cent date, as supporting evidence.
