---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_130.jpg
---
s -

THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. :
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communicationg from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, August, 14 1918.

————

LEST WE FORGET

Do you recollect the time when the drum
and tambourines and the smart attired lass-
jies of the Salvation Army would draw you
to the edge of the crowd that encircled their
little band, as they held their nightly out-
door meeting at some corner in your neigh-
borhood?

Do you remember how at times ‘‘some’’ of
that which was said and sung made you feel
a bit ashamed of yourself, though you yet
was to proud to admit it, even to your own
conscience?

Among the fourteen hundred inmates of
this institution, many have walked away
from such a street gathering with a peculiar
feeling of self-accusation, though they yet
possessed sufficent self-confidence to walk to
the nearest saloon and drown the embarrass-
ing sensation.

Many again felt touched by the sincerity
and logical eloquence of the many ‘‘had
been’s’’ testimonies, and walked away with
determination to do better, and even
went to bed that night a little earlier than
usual. Many of course, just passed the time
and walked away —no better and no worse.

But, do you recollect how the blood of
your manhood and good bringing up boiled
when some ¢‘drunken fool’”” would force his
way to the front of the ring and selfishly
monopolize the attention of the crowd and
throw out of adjustment the harmony that
existed a few minutes before? Many of you
remember such a fellow; many of you felt
the desire to grab him and to throw him out
into the street, was it not for the commotion
you was afraid it might cause:—

Such’little bands of men and women come
here every Sunday to visit us—to speak and
sing that we might be cheered; the .same
classes of character I have described come
and go to these gatherings also, drawn by

¢

that mysterious Sunday morning sentiment;
but it is the ‘‘drunken fool’” that my argu-
ment is aimed at today, who is drawn out of
his cell for no other motive than to sit out-
side his door and by his irreverent manrers
and ‘‘chinning’’ throw out of adjustment
the harmonious touch of fellowship that fills
the block by the mere presence of these men
and women who have left the comforts of
their homes to be with us for a while, that
the monotony of our long Sundays may be
broken, and also that there might be some
whom the service would benefit.

The ‘‘drunken fool’’ that this cap fits,
should remember that he only shows forth
his own ignorance, and that he is drawing
very plainly to the rest of us the picture of
the cradle in which he was rocked.

—7401

BLOW, BUGLES, BLOW

An unfortunate circumstance forced this
out of our last issue, but better late than
never. ‘

The E. S. P. Reserves were out in force,
and full panoply of war on Saturday, and
made a fine showing. If Kaiser Bili had
ever had chance to give them the north-to-
south there would have been peace before
sun-down. Their marching quality improves
daily, and they already possess the erectness,
and elasticity of step of real veterans.
Those few weeks of drill and exercise have
already gone far toward making real up-
standing men of quite a number of our brok-
en-down ‘‘sports,”” who aforetime would
have shuddered at the very idea of walking a
block in the hot sun, and can now drill for an
hour or so without a murmur.

The Commander-in-chief and Warden, Mr.
Robert J. McKenty, with Mr. Lafferty of
the Board of Inspectors, and Mr. Milton F.
Gentch, of Boston, Mass. reviewed the
““troops’’ in the course of the afternoon, and
were delighted at their martial appearance,
and the precision and snap with which they
performed their varied evolutions the colored
company, in particular, brought forth salvos
of applause from the spectators by their
splendid work, which easily marked them as
being the corps d’elite of the E. S. P. army.

We are violating no confidence when we
say that Mr. Lafferty intends to have in
during the week, Mr. Brooks, President of
the Massachusetts State Broad of Parole,
for the purpose of showing the gentleman
what we can do in the way of preparation
for the service we all look forward to, and
we feel sure that we are going to earn the
gentleman’s good opinion.

A WORD FROM FRANCE

We are indebted to Mr. Walker, of the
Fifth Gallery, for the following extracts
from a letter from one of his former charges

-sheet, ha! ha!

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 12 L

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

S P ks

POPULATION STATISTICS

- S s

Entered during week ending Aug. 1 0
Released ¢¢ ST e S % 10
Prison population 4 S 3%5
Latest serial Number % ‘B 9309

who is now serving his country on the fields
of France.

““I am sure we will win this war, but it is
very hard to set any particular time; but I
doubt that we will get back home this year.

We are all giving a good account of our-
selves, and I am sure that the Germans are
all heartily sick of their bargain long, long
ago. Was very glad to see a copy of the Old
Umpire again. That was once my favorite
Four thousand bucks is some
coin, believe me; under the circumstances.

Well, Bill, you know me, and I always told
you that I for one wouli surely go if I ever
got a chance. I am cooking now for my
Company. This country over here is fairly
healthy. The climate is very much like the
Pacific North-West.

Good for the old Gallery, she made one fine
showing ( In the War Chest drive. Ed. ) and
it won‘t be forgotten, either. There are five
or six Philly boys in my company, and a few
old Inquirers, or any Philly papers would go
good as the dickens. We get the base-ball
scores, right along via wireless. 1 see old
Philly is still in the first division, anyhow.

Gee! But I‘d like to get back for the World
Series. I have seen several of the boys from
our old gang, and they are all making good.

Well, Bill, tell- em the Gallery, and the
Umpire are on the Western Front, anyhow,
and sticking, too. So long, and good luck.

SEARCHING THE BIBLE

Texts from the inexhaustable mine of truth
remind us of these singular formations which
often occur in rocks, called Drasic Cavities.
You pick up a rough, ordinary-looking stone
of somewhat round shape; there is nothing
specially attractive or interesting about it.
You split it open with a hammer, and what
a marvelous sight is displayed! The common
place boulder is a hollow sphere, lined with
the most beautiful crystals, amethysts pur-
ple with a dawn that never -was on land or
sea. —HUGH McMILLAN
