---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_131.jpg
---
NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to d te, killed, 7,091
wounded 9,973; missing and prisouers 873.
We will allow you to add up the total, dear
readers.

Gen. Ferdinand Foch, Commander-in-chief
of all allied armies, is made a Marshal of
France. A deserved reward.

Our own General Pershing is given the
Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor at the
hands of President Poincare. Tlhis is the
highest honor in the gift of France, and we
feel it to be deserved. This conferring of
Orders will go oa aacil tae Kaiser gets
the Order ot the Boot.

Germans sink another Hospital Ship, the
Warilda, making eleven such ships to date
The Germans apparently proceed on the
theory that a woundeaenemy is far more
dangerous than an un-wounded one.

United States, and Japan will send a joint
expedition of 20,000 men to Siberia to pro-
tect military stores, and give moral support
to the Czecho-Slovaks. T1hke Bolsheviki
threaten a declaration of war, in such case.
Rescuing Russia is about as thankliess a job
as trying to rescue a would-be suicide.

John K. Tener resigns as President of the
National League, giving -pres:iure of Gov-
ernment employment as his reason. Our own
League is due to lose a President, but not
for ‘a like reason.

Tae Gov:can:1t Labor Bureau will bring
thous .nds of workmen from Indiana, Ohio,
‘and Illinois, to relieve the labor shortage in
Philadelphia. Why go so faraway forlabor?
Like Barkis, we’re willin’.

September 5th, is expected to be Regis-
tration Day for the 18 to 45 men under the
new Draft. And after that,
little blue card will be as Mary and her
little lamb, inseparable.

Knights of Columbus will raise a fund of
$50,000,000 with which to carry on their war-
service work abroad, and in the training

camps.

The Reading Railway is now employing
women as track-hands for the first time in
it’s history. From now on travelers via the
Reading needn’t worry about the paucity
of scenery.

we and our

THE UMPIRE

LINES TO SOME YOUTHFUL
SINGERS OF ST.JOHN'S ASYLUM
CHOIR AUGUST, 4, 1918

O thought that sets the pulse a thrill;
When, the years of penance done,

We to God’s free air have won,
Free as any mountain rill,

Leaping, dancing in the sun;
Careless of the race that’s run;

Glad of the new task begun,
We shall hear your voices still.

Mary, make us valiant soldiers,
Help us in the daily fight;

In our struggles with the tempter,
Help us.to discern the right.

To the happy days of childhood,
We can ne’er win back again;

They are lost and gone forever,
Mary help us to be men.

Tho our woe were like to Lears;
And we hear each childish note,

With a tightening on the throat,
For the burden of the years;

Yet like dancing, golden mote,
In a sun-beam all a-float;

Like a many coloured coat,
So the song uplifts and cheers.

In your hands, O Young America,
Lies the future of the State:

Yours to make it loved of freemen,
Yours to make it truly great.

In your hearts O Young America,
Lies your future, hidden deep;

In your choosing, O remember,
As ye sow, so shall ye reap.

Base Hospital
Camp Lee, Virginia
' August 2, 1918.
““The Inmates’’
Hastern State Pznitentiary,
Philadelphia, Pa. Per Inmate B—8361
Dear Friends: ¢

In reply to your letter July 29,
1918, we beg to acknowledge receipt of pack-
age containing games of Go-Bang.

On behalf of the Commanding
Officer, Base Hospital, Camp Lee, Virginia,
I desire to express our deep appreciation of
your useful gifts as well as the gratitude of
the patients who will derive much enjoy-
ment from these games.

In appreciation,
Yours very truly.
V. J. T. O’Niell
1st Lt. M. R. C;
PROPERTY OFFICER.

Mary C. Snyder, one of our local force of
Matrons, is spending her vacation a* Lehigh-
ton, Carbon Co. This being in the heart of
the coal regions it looks to us like a measure
of preparedness for the approaching winter,
and we feel sure that the lady’s baggage
will be heavier returning, than going.

3

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Once upon a time it was the fellow who
had a job who was en.phatleally It about
this Institution, now everybody is it; thus
furnishing indisputable proof, that the world
‘‘do move,’’

* *
*

We met a man the other day who swore he
had never seen a birds’ nest, tho he has lived
in a cage for seven years.

* *
*

It’s better to have one virtue and adver-
tise it, than to have several and keep them
all safely hidden,

* *
%

The easiest way to get a reputation for
wisdomand let the other fellow do the talking
but we don’t expect anybody to follow this
advice.

* *
*

We understand that the new under-wear
shop is turning out union suits for the even-
tual wearing of the inmates, and what is
going to happen if we forget the combina-
tion?

* > %

Wealth may not bring happiness, but at
least it brings the one kind of misery which
is most agreeable to us.

* *
*k

We will vever believe in the millenium
until we see the sign ‘“This attractive Peni-

tentiary for sale.”’

* *
*

We are a firm believer in ‘‘lucky’’ stones.
We had one given to us once upon a time
and the very next day we met the “‘cop”’
who had been looking for us for nearly four

years.

* *
*

We’d like to fight, somewhere in France;
Or take our best girl to a dance.

And just to stroll down Chestnut street,
Would almost make our joy complete.
But here’s our irridescent dream;

One quart of strawberry ice-cream.

* £
*

Ananias, ‘‘ rehearsing’’ in Yard, ‘‘Say, do
you know I just had the juiciest, big steak,
and I know where there’s another one, too.”’

B. M., suddenly appearing, ‘‘Is that so?
Well, you come with me. I’m the Deputy.

* L
*
The chaplain was describing the‘'bad
place’’ to a lot of Navy boys. ‘‘Boys,’’ he

said, ‘‘you’ve seen molten iron running out
of a furnace, haven’t you? It comes out
white—hot, slzzling, and hissing. Well, ‘‘he
pointed a long, leen finger at the lads,
““Well,”” he continued, they use that stuft
for ice-cream in the place I’'m speaking of*”’
