---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_132.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

@

4
E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. W. L. Pect.
Printers 36 14 720 Yankees I3 158840
Cubs SHERH S () () Athletics 12 88 240

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect W. L. Pct.

Chicago 67 36 650 l Philies 47 54 465
New York 61 43 587 Brooklyn 46 355 455
Pittsburg 54 48 529 { Boston 46 57 447
Cincinatti 48 b4 471 | St. Louis 43 65 398

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect W. L. Pet.

Boston 63 43 594 New York 5052490
Cleveland 61 47 565 St. Louis 48 56 462
Washingt’'n 58 48 547 Detroit 47 59 443
52553 A 05 42 63 400

Chicago Athletics

"HONOR CLUB NOTES

‘““No man is good but as he wishes the good
of others, no man can be good in the high-
est degree, who wishes not to others the
largest measure of the greatest good.”’

JOHNSON.—

Acquire the habit of keeping cheerful and
boost instead of fault firding.

Beware of the fellow who makes promises
which never materializes.

We Hooverize is the bye word but we
don’t sneak around the back door and fill
our stomachs and then shout from the house
tops that we Hooverize. At present we do
Hooverize, the back door having been closed

The H, F. C. has installed an open air
reading table, with all the latest magazines
of everv discription, for the use of its mem-
bers. This is a privilege of the H. F. C. ex-
tended to its members only.

Through the generosity of Mr. Edward
Kraupa, who devotes much time to the H. F
C. and its members in supplying them with
motion pictures and other entertainments
during the winter months, has donated to
the H. F. C. this past Week a scenic curtain
for the stage in the auditorium; Thanks Mr.
Kraupa we appreciate your kindness.

During the past week, we have received
cards of acknowledgment and thanks from
our letters of condolence to the members of
the families of the late John J. Bradley and
Martin Tucker.

Receipts for the week ending August 10th,
were as follows.
Circulating Library Sales.
Donations to the H. F. C.

Expenditures for the week ending August
10th, were ‘as follows.
War. Chest.

W =SS
To B 7599 for Watech Fobs.

$10.00
1.00
3.50

To B 8764 S ‘““and flags. B2
To B 8156 for Refinishing Inlaid Table of the
150, 18, & 1.00

August 5th, 1918,

The regular meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was called to order by its Chairman,
B 8436, on the 5th of August, 1918 at 1 P. M.

The minutes of the preceding meeting,
July 29, 1918, was read and approved.

Application of B9041 to be remstated in
H. F. C. was approved.

The purchase of ten watch fobs from B
7599 at $.35 each was approved.

On motion by B 7591 the sum of $3.22 was
ordered paid to B 8764 for the ten watch fobs
and eleven flags purchased from him some
time ago by the H. F. C. was adapted

On motion by B 8501 the ‘‘D’’ was removed
from the paddle of 8472.

B 9017 Secretary.

Lieut, E. B. Simonin France.
A P. 0. 702 A. E..F. France.
. July 22, 1918,

No. 9017 Secretary,

Honor and Friendship Club,

Eastern State Penitentiary,

Philadelphia Pa.

Mr. Secretary, and Members:

It has been a long time since I had the
pleasure of talking to you all, just abouta
year ago today, and although you have not
heard from me, it has not been because 1
have forgotten you. I have never forgotten
the honor you bestowed upon me that day by
electing me an honorary member to your
club and you will be interested to learn that
I have worn the button on numerous occas-
ions. In fact it has been worn under several
very interesting conditions, mest notably
one day when I flew from X—to Y—. So
you see that little button you presented me
with that day, has been worn in full view of
the front as I promised you it would be.
However as yet I have not had anyone ask

e ““how long I had served.”” As I was
saying, it is just about a year ago when we
were together up-stairs in the assembly
room, and I had the opportunity to tell you
what I had seen at the front. The week
following I returned to France and remained
with the French Army until September, but
I did not return to the Front. It was then
1 obtained my release and joined the Ameri-
ean army, Aviation Service. The rest you
know. I so appreciated your recognition of
my commission which account I read in the
“Umpire.”’ 1am now in the Infantry, de-
tailed on special duty with the French, but
hope some-day to return to the Front, so as
to be able to tell you the same things of our
own army when I return, that I related to
you of the French. May that day soen come
when I shall see you again. My best wishes
to you all, :

Eugene B. Simonin.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, _hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. **)

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors_to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on emd of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 7T5¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack,
50c B 86382, 12th 2nd Gal.

also

cost $1.50; price,

Recep-

FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman
tion necklace different colors, beautifully
designed. B 8936 1st B

To the‘ Offieers and Members of the Hon-
or and Friendship Club,

Gentlemen:—

I beg to advise you that upon the
interment of one of your members who died
August 4, the plot of ground purchased by
the late John J. Bradley for the burial of
Club members in Blockley Baptist Cemetery
has been closed.

Before purchasing more ground in the same
Cemetery we wish to present for your
approval the wishes of the said Mr. Bradley
who if he had lived intended to acquaint you
with the facts personally, to wit;

In the future for all interments made by
us we are compelled due to the ever increas-
ing cost of the goods used for burials, to in-
crease our charge to Thirty Dollars each in-
stead of the prevailing rate of Twenty Dol-
lars which has been tbe case for some time
past.

The above rate mc]udes the removal of
the dead body to our cffice, the furnishing of
a coffin for the remains, the opening of the
grave, and the use of the ground for the
burial. It was not Mr. Bradley’s nor is our
intention of profiting on the work, but know-
ing bis regard and desire that all men should
ke buried decently, we hcpe to have the
opportunity of serving you in the future.

Trusting that you will see the necessity of
the increase and that you will advise us if we
are to continue as before, and hoping for a
reply before we invest in the added ground,
we remain,

Respectfully vonrs,
BRADLEY & SON,
JOHN J. BRADLEY,
