---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_133.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NOTV

Philadelphia August 21st 1918

NO. 33

WOULD USE CONVICT
"LABOR IN WAR WORK

ELBERON, N. J., "Aug. 10.—The first war
work meeting of the National Committee on
Prisons and Prison Labor, held today at the
country place of Adolph Lewisohn, Presi-
dent of the committee, heard recommen-
dations that prisoners be used to relieve the
labor shortage in war work. The suggestion
that America follow the example of Great
Britain and France in employing convicts was
made by Judge W. H. Wadhams of New
York Court of General Sessions, and by Gov-
ernor Walter E. Edge.

Judge Wadhams said that the use of crim-
nals in such work would require careful]
discrimination; confirmed offenders being
kept in jail, while first offenders or those
whose criminality had been indirectly caused
by environment were given opportunity to
help win the war. He said 150,000 persons
were in jail, and that the census of 1910
showed that 468,277 persons were yearly re-
leased. He disclosed that a bill, approved
by the War and Navy Departments and the
President, was pending before Congress pro-
viding for the equipment of prisons so the
inmates could turn out war supplies.

The Judge, recently back from over-seas,
said England’s prison war workers were
making many kinds of supplies for the army
and fleei. He said that in Missouri a begin-
ning had been made in employing convicts,
the Governor commuting sentences so prison-
ers could serve part of their terms in mu-
nitions factories, He urged the creation by
Federal authority of a State special service
board, or the use of the present draft ma-
chinery, before whom men recommended by
Wardens could appear for test of their value
in war work.

I am cognizant of the objéctions of free
labor to any plan which would put convict la-
bor into competition with it,”’ said Governor
Edge, ‘‘but thisis farthestfrom our thoughts,
and in fact a very remote possibility. Labor
is so scarce, due to the drain upon the
country’s man power, both for military and
industrial purposes, that the mere suggestion
of such competition in any circumstances
appears absurd.

“‘Care is being taken that no step in the
establishment of the State service system

" in New Jersey is repugnant to the sacred
principles of free labor, but I feel that the
demand for labor is so extraordinary, not
only on account of the war, but on account
of the rapidlv growing industries of our
State, that convict and institutional labor of

all sorts can be easily absorbed without any
confliet with free labor. Moreover, the de-
velopment of the State service system will
have such a beneficial and restorative effect
on the character of the criminal classes that
the prevalence of the latter must in time be
reduced to a minimum.’’

Methods of assisting the passage of laws
in other States to back up the “‘work or
fight’’ order were considered, and means of
helping in waste reclamation work by gather-
ing waste materials through country organ-
izations were discussed. Other speakers
were Mr. Lewisohn, Mrs. John H. Flagler,
Chairman of the Committee on Education,
and Dr. E. Stagg Whittin, Chairman of the
Executive Committe.

TO- - --].
O how love I thy law ! it is my
all the day.

Thou, through thy commandments hast
made me wiser than mine enemies: for they
are ever with me.

I have more understanding than all my
teachers: for thy testimonies are my medi-
ta tion.

I understand more than the ancients,
cause I keep Thy prccepts.

I have refrained my feet from every evi]
way, that I might keep thy word.

I have not departed from thy judgements;
for thou hast taught me.

How sweet are thy words unto my taste!
yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth!

Through thy precepts I get understanding:
therefore I hate every false way.

A WORD FROM FRANCE

We quote below from the letter of a for.
mer Director of the local Red Cross Forces,
who is now pursuing his work of mercy in
France.

My dear C*“¢

““Well, after my arrival over-seas, I. took

athree days journey and arrived at the big
tent, and I wish that you were here with us.
It is a wonderful country, and just the place
for a fellow to live in all his life, not a wood-
en fence to be seen anywhere. All bound-
aries between properties are marked off by
little hedges, and no matter how poor the
family, they have their little plot of ground.
We are located in a dandy spot, and have a
wonderful view of the country-side with i's’’
quaint old church, and stone houses.
I‘m feeling fine and enjoying tke climate.
Write me and tell me how the Red Cross
Unit is doing, and how the ‘‘Home Defence’’
squad is drilling. You may recall St. C‘“¢‘
a chap of the 1918 class, who took a post-
graduate course. Well I met him over here,,
and under stand he is getting along fine with
his contingent.

Well, old pal, I can’t write much more
and military news is barred; so I will close
now with my sincerest wishes for yvour
health, and the hope that the sun is shining
for you today. From your old chum M**‘‘,

meditation

be-

HOME RUNS

Cap. Dutton has acquired a couple of nov-
ices in his Squad: Gentlemen, Mr. Scott;
Mr. Bower.”” The gentlemen will—it is
rumored—on the completion of their nov-
itiate take the names of ‘‘Great Scott!’’ and
‘“Right Bower.”’

Our Chaplain’s seven-day-a-week devotion
to duty is so well known that his absence
for a day—and portions of others—last week
was the cause of more remark than a three-
alarm fire. But happily the indisposition
was but temporary, and he was soon back
on the job again.

Since the expert Mr. Armstrong hastaken
charge of the Bake-house, there has been a
noticenable improvement in the staff of life
whereon we lean. It is rumored that he
stays up nights to see that it rises properly;
and up days to see that it stays risen.

Mr. John Gillespie is back from a vacation
spent at Wildwood, N. J. and brown as a
berry, too. He reports that the only alien
enemies he saw were sand fleas and real-
estate agents, ahd John knows how to deal
with thery.

The Hon. Bob Myere gave the E. S. P.
Volunteers a taste of real trench warfare on
Thursday last, and sickened not a few of
these erstwhile happy warriors of the wie
militaire, when he rushed everthing from
corps d’elite to the reserves into battle with
the 12th Block stone-pile. There were
blistered hands, and sore backs belonging to
the ‘“‘army’’ when it retired that night, but
‘“‘Bob’’ had won his battle with the stone-
pile, and was content.

Mr. Me Laughiin, whose presence at the
Front used to be the equivalent of a mat
with ‘“Welcome ‘¢ on it, has been moved to
the 3d Block corner, and we expect to see
the Hospital records show a marked improve-
ment under the heading of cheerfulness.

Mr. Cleeland is back from bhis vacation,
and with him has returned the good cigars,
which were presumabby on their vacation,
also.

In the local version of ‘‘Casey at thebat,”’
it is reported that a strike was made, and
that genial officer doesn’t deny the soft im-
peachment.
