---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_134.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

____—————____—______———————‘__—__—‘————_—-__—-————_'__——_——
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addreswed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer
who will gee to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, August, 21 1918.

NOW AND AFTER

The world’s idea of a criminal is that he is
a thing apart, to be guarded and kept, and
interned as often as possible, apparently on
the theory that he will bite the very hand
that feeds him at the earliest opportunity,
and only by long continuing confinement can
he be tamed to a point where it would be
safe to allow him the freedom of the streets
without the strictest police supervision.

He apparently loses all economic value in
the eyes of the world once he is behind the
bars; and it is entirely the world’s persist-
ence in this unlightened attitude toward him
that keeps him from having an economic
value. Nobody is going to buy a horse that
everybody damns, no matter if they see him
with their own eyes trot a mile in 2.06, or
better. No one wants to employ a man upon
whom society has put a brand of dishonesty.
And we all of us know how quick society is
to put this brand on a man—Jersey justice is
justly or unjustly famous—and how slow it
is at taking it off.

And in doing this society is really cutting
off it’s own nose to spite it’s face, to use a
coarse but true metaphor. It is supporting
the convict, and ex-convict, in practical idle-
ness instead of giving him a chance to support
himself. Economieally speaking, it would
be far cheaper in the long run to keep him
in jail than to let him out, unless something
practical is done for him once he gets out.
There is no creature among the maimed, the
balt, and the blind so helpless as the ex-con-
vict. To them every man’s hand isstretched
out in sympathy, while every honest man’s
faceis setas flint against the ex-con’. Just
try standing on the corner of Eighth & Mar-
ket witha tin-cup, and a sign saying *‘Please
help an ex-convict,’” and see what happens.
You’d get more days than pennies.

Until very recently it was the common

THE UMPIRE

practice in this country to hound the criminal
after he had served his sentence; and the
better methods are beginning to prevail this
praetice still persist in degree. The old ad-

age ‘‘Once a criminal, always a criminal,’’ -

which is about as logical as saying ‘‘Once a
Democrat, always a Democrat,”” is still ap-
plied. In some sections of the country the
ex-convict is given ‘‘hours to leave.’”” He
is hunted from pillar to post as tho he were
rather a contagious disease than a man, and
good stout walls and bars the only cure.

When a man leaves these walls he has pre-
sumably paid his debt to society, and his
account should then be crossed off the books.

But nothing of the sort occurs: society sim-
ply makes a liar out of him from the start; be-
cause if he tries to get a job, he well knows
that if he admits that he has ever ‘‘done
time’’ it will queer him. He will be passed
up by everybody who knows him to be an
ex-convict. And when he finally does suc-
ceed in getting honest work—if he should
hold out that long, and is prosperous and
happy, nine times out of ten along comes
another ‘“éx,’’ or some unconvicted detective
or policeman with the soul of Iscariot, and
an alleged mind, and betrays him to his em-
ployer, who holding up hands of holy horror
shooes him from the premises. Is it any
wonder that he goes back to crime?

Give us a chance for our white alley; give
us the beneflt of the doubt; let the dead past
pury it’s dead. Don’t try to force us into
keeping on paying a debt that we have al-
ready squared. A ‘‘square deal’’ is all that
we ask of society, as it is all that society has
asked of us.

A WORD TO OUR POET

Quize often we read in our Umpire elabor-
ately composed epitaphs, tributes to a friend
known or unknown to us, but who lies isola
ted by death from all influences of words
and flowers; whose life might have been
prolonged had he but received a small part
of that praise and homage while he yetlived.

That we cannot find something good to say
or do for a fellow while he lives, is a suffi-
cient proof of the shallowness of all exhibi-
tions of grief and words of praise.

Men and women come and gointo thisplace
every day and have done so for many years
bringing abundance of cheer and comfort to
our gloomy surrouncings: leaving the ccziress
of their own hearths tl#t we mirht le
warmed and healed by their sacrifice.

Do you not think that & woro o1 twe, ¢r an
inch of rhyme, wculd be gruteitliy 1€cc by
them and cause their hearts to glad of such
appreciation of their work?

There ale many good souls in uniform
here, whose service-stripes alone should tell
you their worth, for no man uniriendly of
nature would last.

Do you not think that a bit of a ‘‘boost’’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
I e L

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. ' !

r————— P T D S R ey

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending Aug. 15 4
Released ‘¢ - ¢ s .5 8
Died 3 1
Prison population 3 e 13TS

£ ““B 9313

Latest serial Number

once in a while would gladden them, and
cause things to run more harmoniously,

In our last Umpire we read of our friend
Mr. Bradley’s demise, and of all the good
traits he possessed, and that we must gather
flowers abundantly that his coffin might be
fully covered; would he not, one might
wonder, have appreciated a little of this
while he yet lived?

Our friend Mr. Tucker went home one day
with many service-stripes upon his sleeve,
and he neverreturned to us.

Do you not think that at times he had
wondered whether his long service had been
appreciated or not, and that a smile of
thank fullness would have come to his face
if he a moment before he closed his eyes
could have heard a word of praise, or seen
but one single flower from here?

—B 7401.

WAR WORK FOR PRISONERS

Massachusetts May Parole Selected Men to
Work in Munition Plants.

Boston, Aug. 3.-Prisoners in Massachusetts
penal institutions may be paroled to go into
munition plants and do other kinds o1 war
work. If they make good they will be given
full pardons, with the privilege ot eniisting
for active military service.

Appeals have reached the Governor from
prisoners who said they had subscribed liber-
ally to Liberty Loan Londs, to tle Red Cross
and other pa‘riotic cen p:iigis und begged
for a chance furiber toden.onstrate theirlove
of country by enlistiug in the army.

Governor Mc Call and Frank A Brooks. of
Williamsburg, chairman of the State Board
of Parole, are giving careful consideration
to a plan to try out selected prisoners, Chair-
man Brooks has been delegated ly the Gov-
ernor to investigate conditionsin States where
this plan is being worked out.
