---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_135.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NEWS AND COMMENT

Convicts are being used in the delivery of
ice. Which reminds us of the fact that there
is a shortage of this particular kind of labor
in Philadelphia, and that we are handy, and
willing, and—oh, what’s the use?

The War Department has ordered a 15%
cut in the size of daily papers, effective

Aug. 12th; and 20%ecut in the size of Sunday

papers, baginning Sept. 1st. As the UMPIRE
is neither of these we don’t pretend to know
what’s going to hapgpen to it.

The Food Administration is shutting down
on ice-cream, partly because of a threatened
ice-famine. There soon wont be a single
reason why we should want to be out.

In the year ending July, 1st. Mr. Hoover
says that we have sent abroad to our Allies;
more than a third of a billion bushels of cer-
eals; of which in excess of one hundred and
fifty miliion bushels was wheat, this latter,
literally saved out of our own mouths. Are
you saving to contribute your part to this
year’s quota?

All heat records in the history of the
United States Weather Bureau were broken
durinz the past week; the thermometer pass-
ing the hundred mark over the entirecountry,
- with 114 for the highest record. We were
positive that it touched 140 in here one
night last week.

Captain Sarret, of the French Army, car-
ries to a successful issue, his project of
dropping from a moving airplane with a par-
achute. Hea dropped 800 yards with an um-
brella 12 yards in diameter, and landed safe-
ly. Which means that one of our local in-
ventors will have to turn his thoughts to the
invention of a non-refillable tea spoon, or
some such article.

An American woman has founded an order
of Godmothers to ‘‘take an individual and
parental interest in the soldiers, sending
letters to them and little gifts of remem-
brance. and keeping track of them thruout
the war.’”’ Now, can’t we enlist?

The Food Administration asks that the
Amercian public eat more beans, as there is
a large surplus which threatens to go to
waste upon the adveunt of the new crop.
Bring ’em along; we can dispose of a few
bushels.

American losses to date, are; killed, 7,952
wounded, 11,200; prisoners, ard missing,
1534. The results speak for themselves.

A SOLDIER

Dear God, I raised my boy to be a soldier;
I tried to make him strong of will and true;
I told him many a tale of deeds heroic.
The noblest and the sweetest tales 1

knew.
In thought, he shared the charge at Bala-
clava;
With the Swiss Guard o‘ermastered cow-
ard Death;
With Gordon all renounced; with Scott and
Peary
Breathed in his ardent youth ‘heroic
breath.

A little lad, he wept for wounded Sidney,
For Bayard, sans reproche, who knew no
fears,
Yet, hurt himself, if one but said-‘‘My
Soldier!‘‘-
Straightway he smiled and swallowed
down his tears. '

I taught him that the brave are full of
mercy :
That gentleness and love to strength
belong;
That honor is the only high adventure,
And goodness the one everlasting song!

And so I raised my boy to be’a soldier;
A patriot soldier, brave, devoted, free!
And now, and now-with grateful trust,
O Father!
I give him to my country and to thee!

INSTINCT STRONGER THAN REASON

That even in man instinet is sometimes
stronger than reason is illustrated by ths
following incidents:

There had been shipped on a Mississippi
river steamboat a box with a glass cover,
containing a very active rattlesnske. When-
ever any one approached the box the ser-
pent would strike the cover. The cwner of
the reptile challenged any one to hold his
finger on the glass and let the rattler strike
it. There was no danger,and it seemed an
easy thing todo. First one and then another
tried it, but when the snake gave its vicious
spring the finger was invariably drawn back
with a jerk. Instinet was stronger than
reason and will combined.

A young man in Paris had lost his last sou
at the gambling table, which included a large
sum belonging to his employer. He started
for the Seine to drown himself. On the way
there was a great commotion, caused by the
escape of a lion from a strolling menagerie.

People tled in all directions. Instantly the
man who was seeking death climbed a lamp
post and clung to the top of it, trembling in
every limb. When the animal was captured
and the danger was over he proceeded to the
river and plunged in.

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

~ You need to make your aim good in this
world if you would hope to miss fire in the
next. i

* *
*

Jim—‘“1 had an awfully close shave yes-
terday.’”’ '
Joe—‘“What was the matter?’’
Jim—*‘I needed it.”’

* *
%

It is much easier to go to the bad, than to
get a return ticket therefrom.

* *
%

Our cook’s singing wakes us up at six
o’clock every morning as regular as clock-
work. They’re regular cuckoo-clocks.

* *
%k

The Generalissimo says that be judges his
friends by the cigars they give him. A good
friend never gives him a bad cigar, while a
bad friend never gives him a good cigar.
He says that he once commented on the fact
that a cigar which had been given him was a
good one, only to have the donor grab
frantically at his vest-pocket, crying, By
Golly, I bet.I gave you the wrong cigar!’’

% *
k

We find it really difficult to be original and
humorous at the same time and play the host
to an all-embracing tooth-ache. Which is
our apology to our readers for any short-

in this week’s issue.

* *
£

The best throw with the dice is to throw
them away. P. S. We never had any luck

with the darn things, anyway.

* *
%

comings noticeable

We have a bath in our ‘‘room. i
Yes, it is an overhead batb.
No, it is not a shower.
It is a leaking window.

3k *
%

Just about the time a fellow thinks that
this place couldn’t possibly get along with-
out him, and that he’ll simply have to come
right back when his time is up, or see the
whole thing go to the eterral bow-wows, he
gets locked up, and discovers himself to
be one of the ‘‘non-essentials.”

- % %k Xk

In the parlor there were three;
Clarabelle, the lamp, and me.

Two is company. No doubt
That is why the lamp went out.

& k
*

The man who tries to do something, and
fails, is a blame sight better than the man
who tries to do nothing, and suceeeds.

* *
*

When you don’t think much of a person, a
good plan is to say as little as you think.
