---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_136.jpg
---
4

HONOR CLUB NOTES

“‘Look not mournfully into the Past; it
comes not back again. Wisely improve the
Present; it is thine.

Go forth to meet the shadowy Future
without fear and with a manly heart.”’

Longfellow.

The Saturday afternoon Holiday in the
yard under the auspicious of the H. F. C-
was the most enjoyable of the season. The
‘weather-man favored us to the extent of
having given us a cool day for our outing.

The parade spoke volumes for the H, F. C.
and its members, who were lead by the H.
F. C. Band and its able leader B 7621, play-
ing all the latest hits of the season which
put new life into the men marching.

During the course of the afternoon there
was a Ball Game for the admirers of the
game and the fans were much ‘in evidence, by
their rooting for their favorites in the game.
The Chess and Checker contest was a long
drawn out affair and hotly contested for.

There was music by the H. F. C. Orches-
tra and its able director ‘‘Dutch’’ drew quite
a crowd to their section of the yard. The
Band Concert by the Band proved such a
success and attracted the largest crowd, was
the attraction of the afternoon. Had our
former band-master been here to witness
the concert and seen our Leader B 7621
wielding the baton so valiantly, he would
have envied him. The Band these days is
keeping up with the principles of the H. F. C
and is giving the best music possible, to the
agreatest enjoyment to the greatest number.

During the afternoon ‘‘Rube’’ our Presi-
dent would be seen here and there, making
possible the enjoyment of each and every
member. How few there are of us who
realize the many personal sacrifices the Pres-
ident makes for our welfare, so we may get
the greatest enjoyment out of the yard priv-
ilege.

Our friend Deputy Warden Souder was
much pleased, for the good order which is
maintained in the yard by the H. F. C. and
its members, as he pays us a visit whenever
he is able to in the yard and helps to keep
things going.

It is said that women are made to bear
the greatest hardship in this war by the
ziving up of their sons, fathers, and hus-
hands, that they may fight to win the war.,
Tew there are of us within these walls whose
thoughts turn to the members of the Honor
and Friendship Club on the Second Block and
their activities in helping to win the war in
the name of the H. F. C. Few of us rea-
lize how hard these members have worked in
the interest of the Club and to make a show-
ing. That they are 100% members in deeds
18 well as words.

Every one of us men can get a lesson out
»f what the girls have done and are doing.
Work we all must. The result of work is

THE UMPIRE

success. Success is achieved desire, success
isnever luck. To succeed in an undertaking
we must work mentally or manually.

Work is the foundation of allsuccess. We
cannot succeed without trying. In such a
case, trying is effort. Effort leads to en-
thusiam, ardent zeal and repetition. Add
patience and constant work and you will
soon have success. Without work we could
only look for retrogression, misery, degrada-
tion and a sorrowful world. The successful

person is the working person.

The girls have set the example for work,
patience and success. Day and night they
have worked hard to make some boy who is
fighting somewher: remember he is not for-
gotten by those at home and that they think
of him even though within prison walls.

During the course of a few weeks ninety
sweaters have been knitted and ready for
shipment by the members of the Second
Block. Can anyone say these members of
the Honor and Friendship Club are not mak-
ing good and will not make good upon their

release by such work as they are doing.

And in their work there seems to have en-
tered competition. One member B-8642 hav-
ing won the competition, having knitted fif-
teen sweaters herself, one who has done as
this. member has done, is sure to win success
and make good. Here also is a lesson for us
all. This member applied to the Board of
Parole for release and was refused; did not
come back sullen, crying, and admit defeat,
but worked all the harder in knitting the
sweaters for the boys who are fighting, al-
though deprived of the privilege of going in-
to the world and joining thearmyof workers.
The day will soon come when success will
release you from this shut-in world of ours to
go forth to new successes.

The Honor and Friendship Club extends
their sincere thanks to Miss Snyder, Mrs.
Treher and Mrs. L. Boal, the matrons of the
Second Block for the greatkindnessextended
to the members of the H.F.C. in theircharge
and their interest in them and their welfare.

Every member of the Honor and Frien i-
ship Club extends their sincere thanks for
the wonderful work the members of the
Second Block have performed and given to
the H. F. C* for Uncle Sam’s fighters.
Proud we are of you all.

I take the liberty of calling you friends,
thougb I never had a chance to speak to you
orseeyou personally. But there are tragedies-
in human life which when experienced incom-
mon, make all the participants automatically
friends, according to the unwritten law of
the human heart.

There is not one of us who is not heartily
sorry for the mistakes of their lives. There
is an atmosphere of human kindness and
sympathy in here of which the outside world
has no idea, and which illuminates thedreary
dungeon as a ray from heaven. Keep up the

e e e e  — — e

work, remember you are by your work and
through the H. F. C. helping win the war
by equipping Uncle Sam’s fighting forces.
Let your thoughts continue to be with the
boys in the trenches as they no doubt have
been while you were industriously knitting.
—B. 9017 Secretary.
August 12, 1918.
The regular meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was called to order by it’s Chairman,
B 8436, on the 12th of August, 1918, at1 P.
M., in the office of the Honor And Friend-
ship Club, on the 11th Block.
The minutes of the preceeding meeting of
August 5th, 1918 were read, and approved.
There were four memberspresent, one absent
The report of the Representative Delegates
was presented and read, and on motion ac-
cepted. )
The following application for membership
were presented, and on motion accepted.
B 2591-50¢, B 6093, B 7521-10c, B 7781, B 8073
B 9298, B 9299, B 9302-10c, B 9393-25¢, B 9304
Application made by B 8632, for a loan of
$10.00 on his release. After investigating
the case and having interviewed the man,
it;was foundthathe reallydidnot want any aid
on his release. The Club having offered him
his ticket to New York, but he insisted upon
having the money. After discussion the loan

was refused.
Communications received during the week

were as follows.

Letter from John Wanamaker.

Card from Mrs. John J. Bradley and
Family.

Card from Mrs. Jane Tucker and Family.

Letter from Lieut. Eugene B. Simonin.
U. S. A.—F'rance.

Letter from Mr. John J. Bradley.

Letter from former B 6005 enclosing a
check for the amount of $15.00 part of the
loan made him on his release, by the H.F.C.

On motion the letters of Messer. Simonin

and Bradley, Mrs. Bradley and Mrs. Tucker
were ordered spread on the minutes of the

meeting.
On motion Mr. John J. Bradley’s offer was

accepted in the burial of our deceased mem-
bers, the secretary being instructed to write
Mr. Bradley a letter, notifying him of our
acceptance of his offer.

On motion made and seconded, B 8501 was
instructed to visit all new men, upon their
transfer to the various blocks ahd galleries,
and talk to them and inform them as to the
Honor and Friendship Club, it’s purpose ete.

No further business being present, the
motion to adjourn was moved by B 9017.

Carried.
B 9017 Secretary.

The First Block dipt deep into their col-
lective and individual pockets and produced
the wherewithai to purchase a fine floral of-
fering to grace the bier of ‘“‘Tommy,’” B.
6401, whose demise occurred during the past
week. He was at one time a ‘‘runner’’ on
the First, and won the good opinions of all
by courtesy and kindliness. ’
