---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_137.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia August 28th. 1918

A MINSTREL SHOW AND
A PARTNG «“GUEST*

The E. S. P. Volunteers bade farewell to
their Colonel, B 8361, better known as Curly,
on Saturday afternoon with elaborate cere-
mony, the performance being staged on the
Store-house grounds; and to use a popular
phrase, a good time was had by all, ‘“‘Curly”’
included.

A staging had been erected facing the re-
viewing Stand,’’ and after the Colonel had
led his potential warriors on their last march
around the walls of the local ‘‘Jericho,’’
which on the morrow were slated to ‘‘fall
down’’—for him—and had duly reviewed
thesame, ranks were broken, and the ‘‘Army’’
seated its-self on the ground facing the
stage, while hundreds of the other inmates
occupied every point of vantage; and the
Visitor’s ‘‘Gallery’’ had it’s array of dignity
and beauty, including Warden McKenty,
and members of his family, C. Stuart Pat-
terson, Esq., and Mr. Kraupa, et al, and
last, but far from the least, the Colonel.

It was then, for his-the Colonel’s-and the
audience’s delectation, that Messrs. Bar-
rington, and Garnette, staged their justly
celebrated All-E. S. P. Minstrel Show;
which, it is reported, will shortly go on tour,
starting with the 2d Block. From beginning
to ending the performance was nothing else
but excellent, and reflects the greatest credit
upon all concerned.

The opening number was a grand chorus
by the entire Company, the rich, and in
some instances, startling color scheme of
the costumes forming a blaze of color under
the August sun. Baldwin, Interlocutor in-
duced the End Men, Bones, alias “D. C.”’
and Tambo, in private life known as Brooks,
and then Van sang of ‘‘Back Home In Indi-
ana, until we could almost hear the sy camore
leaves rustling ‘‘on the banks of the Wa-
bash, faraway.”” After arapid-fireexchange
of repartee between the Interlocutcr and
Bones, the latter was ‘‘punished’’ being made
to sing ‘“Whose Little Heart Are You Break
ing Now? and for an encore, the famous
““Prison Blues,’’ the Coloned’s own-and fa-
vorite composition,—~which was heartily
applauded. More jokes; and then Billy Has-
kin consented to tell the audience all about
his ““Little Grey Home In the West,’’ the
location surprising everyhbody, as all had
thought him hailing from Grand Street.
Still more jokes, ana we believe it was here
that Bones informed an interested audience
how a ‘‘skipper’’ sandwich is made in the

E. S. P.; followed by the Interlocutor’s giv-
ing a truly marvelous exhibitions of his
powers as a whistler. We feel the Railroad
Administration is wasting a lot of steam
when it might be using him. Then he Bones,
and Tambo, sang some nonsense verses,
which made a hit, with the audience.

It was now that a halt was called in the
merry-making, and the really serious portion
of the afternoon’s performance staged.
The Colonel was summoned to the Stage,
and there received an ovation from the aud-
ience which must have gone far toward
compensating him for the two years duress.

‘“‘Jake,”’ B 9181, came forward, and voic-
ing in a few earnest words the gratitude and
esteem of the ‘“Volunteers,”’ presented him,
as a slight material token of the same en-
during regard, with a fine gold signet-ring.
It was probably the first time in the Colonel’s
strenuous life when he was at a loss for
words; he could only manage a few words of

appreciation and thanks, instead of the fine.

burst of oratory which past performances
‘had led everybody to expect, and then Barr-
ington, B 8550 completed his discomfiture by
coming-forward, and presenting him in the
name of the Officers of the ‘‘Army,’’ with
a silver medal, fittingly engraved, as an
earnest appreciation of his services. They
were fitting gifts, and a well-earned tribute
to one who had wholeheartedly devoted him-
self during the years of his stay among us to
striving to make life easier and better for
his fellows, and whose reccrd in helping
others while at the same time helping him-
self, has certainly never been surpassed
within these walls. The best wishes of the
more than a thousand friends that he has
made will follow him where ever he goes.

The performance was resumed with Van
singing the ‘‘Dixie Volunteers,”” with the
company illustrating it with a variety of
military evolutions we hope the ‘‘Army’’
will never attempt, if it wishes to get home
for supper. It was immediately after this
that the juvenile member of the cast, Master
““Bob’’ McKenty, Jr. locking excessively
martial in khaki, standing at ‘‘Attention’’
with drawn sword, sang ‘‘Over There’’ to
the entire satisfaction of everybody, himself,
and his grandfatherincluced. Baldwin follow -
ed with a dramatic recitation which left no
doubt in the audience’s mind as to his ability
as an actor. His rendering of the Italian
dialect poem, ‘‘One leetla Rcse’ was all
that could be desired of the most critical
audience.

(Continued on page 4 )

NO. 34

HOME RUNS
Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, President of the
H. F. C. ete. and wife, are spending

the former’s vacation period at Atlantic
City, and if we are to believe the evidence
of a post-card we have seen, the Hon. Rube,
is trying hard to eclipse Annette Kellerman
in the ‘‘Australian crawl.”’

Deputy-Warden Souder is also spending a
few days in the same Philadelphia suburb,
and we hope is having a nice time, as we
have no evidence to the contrary. We trust
that no shark, or ‘‘sub’’ crosses the path of
our amiable Deputy. :

Of the activities, and whereabouts, of the
other vacationists, the Messrs. Beecher,
Campbell, Sherman, McGrath, and Willough-
by, we hear only rumors which forces us to
believe that they have gotten as far from
this madding crowd as possible. We’ll wag-
er anything that ‘“Uncle John’s’’ real vaca-
tion will begin when he returns to a Block
void of all that used to make life so interest-
ing.

To Messrs. Gassenmeyer, and Moore, who
are due to shortly follow in the foot-steps of
the above, we are sure that we are going to
bring real happiness by the assurance that
report hath it, that clam diggers were never
so plentiful, nor so active, as now; and that,
tho the Navy may have commandeered all
the field-glasses yet a false mustache will
serve at close quarters.

The E. S. P. Volunteers have a new Col-
onel in the person of B. 9131, otherwise,
‘“Jake,”” who looks even more Napoleonic
than his predecessor, the lamented ‘‘Curly.’”’
There is a pleasant rumor about that he is
sericusly considering the idea of issuing ra-
tions at an early date.

The E. S. P. Base Ball League, better
known locally as the ‘“Coal Dodgers’’ have
acquired a new President in the person of B
9152. The Hon. ‘“Jack’’ announces that his
players, at least, will obey the ‘‘work, or
fight’’ rule to the letter, and that no World’s
Series is contemplated.

Mr. John Myers our genial pilot, received
a telegram Monday announcing that his ‘son
J. Ellwood, of the A. E. F., has been sev-
erely wounded. We hope he recovers, and °
remembers who did it.
