---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_138.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

ﬂ

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addreswed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number

SR e S g I T R PR T
EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, August, 28 1918.

_—mm m —m—m

DETRACTION

It is the tragedy that comes into the life
of the average man outside prison walls
that puts the feeling of pity in his heart for
the man inside and the only way that the
man inside can hope to deserve the sympathy
is to prove worthy of it.

We are not the only ones who go through
life suffering and blundering; we are not the
.only ones who are blind, ignorant and erring.
-Of course, now that we are here, we are
looked upon as moral perverts. The fact
that there are others outside who have’nt
been sent here yet does’nt excuse us from
stopping to think and to plan out our own
salvation. :

Back of the direct act which sent us here
were the motives and back of the motives
were our aspirations. Then it follows that
we thought that our aspirations would lead
us to happiness. Suppose the law had’nt
got us and we had been successful in the
‘‘job’’ we had done, would we have succeed-
ed in gaining happinese?

Then again, since happiness is all we live
to gain, would’nt it be a good idea to find out
how it can be gained without breaking into
jail? Have’nt we got our sense of value
twisted? If we are in any sense ignorant as
to what constitutes true happiness, it’s a
good time now to take up the matter with
ourselvss.

Every philosopher that we have any record
of has said that a selfish man can notbe hap-
py and as we have no one else we can go to
for advice, except our own experience, what
are we going to do about it?

The life in our narrow environment is apt
-to become narrower unless we endeavor to
broaden it by higher aspirations and the
mneccessary thoughts to that end. This can
be done to a great extent by reading good

THE UMPIRE

books and the Prison library is full of them.

Our prison life is apt to make us fault-find-
ing and grouchy; this has to be fought
against as well as the tendency to ““knock.’”’
Many fine things have been done to make
this prison better and with all the hard ef-
forts of the leaders in these movements for
our betterment, there have been kicks and
growols by a few of the beneficiaries of these
efforts.

There is too much for us to do to straigh-
ten out the kinks in our own lives, to allow
us time to ‘‘knock’’ our neighbor. It might
be that we see the faults of others because
we have so many of our own, or conversely,
we can not see their virtues because we have
none of our own‘; however, the man who
“‘knocks’’ can get but very little satisfaction
but his own unpleasant thoughts.

It is often late in life when a man comes
to the knowledge that detraction is so ab-
solutely useless, aside from a moral point of

view and these thoughts are not given in any

other spirit than to pass on to others the
result of the writers experience and to save
them from having to live to the age of in-
efficiency to find these truths out.

We are a part of the great, blind, wistful,
soul of mankind, all blindly groping for hap-
piness and it is a great thing to know that
hate, envy and bitterness does’nt get us
anything.

B 9080.

DAKOTA PRISONERS WORK OUTSIDE

Through the personal efforts of Peter Nor-
beck, Governor of South Dakota, a number
of the convicts in the Sioux Falls penitentiary
are being given useful employment outside
the prison walls.

The prisoners have been sent across the
State to the Black Hills, where their services
are being utilized in beautifying a State
game preserve which is situated in the most
romantic and most picturesque portion of
the Black Hills. ‘

From the State they receive extraremuner-
ation and are temporarily given their free-
dom for this work of honor, ‘and thus far
none of them has given the least sign that
the conditions of the semi-liberty will be
violated. The convicts are being employed
in the construction of roads through the game
preserve and in the erection of buildings and
the making of other improvements in the
preserve. Plans for the improvements were
made in advance of the commencement of
the work, the intention being to make the
State game preserve one of the finest parks
in the West. The automobileroads and other
highways through the preserve will be among
the best in South Dakotaand adjoining States.

We are willing to do even more than Hoo-
ver asks of us. We’ll give up that half-pound

of sugar a week, and take a watermelon in
stead.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 38rd Thursdays each month
25PNV

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.
e RN L e e P e e
WW

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending Aug. 22
Released 6é (3 6 66 6 7
Died 1
Prison population < 1384
Latest serial Number ‘¢ B 9321

FROM A NEW YORK REPORT

‘‘Reporters, authors, baseball-players, and
horseshoers apparently ‘are in a eclass by
themselves, so far as criminal tendenciesand
subsequent convictions are concerned. The
report reveals but one each as having strayed
from the straight and narrow, while three
publishers, ten pressmen, and sixty-five
printers got into trouble and eventually
landed in the courts. Three lawyers and an
equal number of clergymen also were care-
less enough to figure in the report.

““While county clerks reported 67,969 con-
victions in courts of special sessions in this
State last year, the figures, large as they
may seem, are nevertheless lower by 1,423
than those of the previous twelve months.
Records in the State Prison Department show
6,980 persons under lock and key in January,
1916; 6.517 on the same date in 1917, and
5,916 the flrst of this year. Improved in-
dustrial conditions as well as a tendency on
the part of the courts to place persons con-
victed on probation have played an import-
ant part in bringing about this decrease.

Out of the 67,969 persons convicted for one
crime or another 64,243 were males. Of the
7,930 persons convicted in courts of record,
2,881 were married, 5,084 were natives of the
United States, 7,440 could read and write,
and 7,274 claimed to be of temperate habits,
and 2,902 had been convicted previously.

““In glancing over the report one learns
that forty-eight butchers must have done
something more than cut meat, that eleven
actors played roles that furnished a judge
for an audience. Twenty-nine bookkeepers
were convicted, 100 carpenters, 6 cashiers,
231 chauffeurs, 418 clerks, 73 cooks, 7 den-
tist, 17 stenographers, 165 farmers, 2 ice-
dealers, 12 insurance agents, 1,575 common
laborers, 10 nurses’ 20 musicians, 15 photo-
graphers, 202 salesmen, 26 soldiers, and 105
waiters.”’

(73

(X3
