---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_139.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NEWS AND COMMENT

The United States will put an army of
3,200,000 in France by next Spring, and win
the war next year, says General March.
But will the General please tell us if he is
going to put us in?

Pennsylvania is called upon to furnish 83,
250 workers at once for her industrial estab-
lishments. The Dept. of Labor announces
a labor shortage of a million men. We
could easily remove that 250 from Pennsyl-
vania’s quota.

The Entente Allies continue to advance on
the Western Front, with the American eagle
screaming in the van, capturing thousands
of prisoners, and many guns. The Crown
Prince is bravely leading his troops—back-
ward.

Lt. Rene Fonck, of the French Service, is
now the premier Allied ‘‘Ace of the Air’”’
with more than sixty victories to his credit.
He downed 3 Hun planes in 20 seconds, and
six in one day. We got away to a late start,
but we’ll beat even that record.

American losses to date; killed, 8,402;
wounded, 11,947; missing and prisoners 1964;
or a total of 22,318. “‘The last full measure
of devotion.”’

The Government commandeers the country’s
entire wool supply for the needs of the
Army, Navy, and Red Cross, of whose needs
it is still hundreds of millions of poundsshort.
Civilians—and us—will be forced to wear
shoddy. Which same will be no change for
us.

The sales of War Savings Stamps, Thrift
Stamps, ete. up to August 1st, amounted to
some $572,000,000, Pennsylvania’s share of
this was a little in excess of $40,000,000.
We haven’t had time to tabulate our share.

The World Series will start Sept. 4th,
which means that there will he no use asking
for a pardon on that ground. Draft Boards
will not interfere with the players. Neither
will our Boards.

More Draft slackers have been caught in
Philadelphia than in. any other city in the
U. S. Moyamensing is over-crowded with
them. The river is near, why not drown a
few? And, too, the E. S. P. isn’t over-
crowded with ’em.

Twenty-five Indians from the Carlisle
School are at Hog Island being taught the
ship-building trade. ‘‘Me help build heap
big canoe, and make whole world Democrat
Party-!’ .

TO-MAH-TOES
(With apologies to a greater Poet)

The
fast,
As round the Gallery there passed;

A wagon loaded to the guards,
With that sad fruit of all back yards,

To-mah-toes!

shades of night were falling

“‘Oh, say!’’ the captive cried, whats this?"’
And grasped it in his sturdy fist;
The quick®eruption made him quail, .
—To hit your eye it ne’er will fail—
To-mah- toes!

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

These chaps who are all the time asking
us foolish questions, do they think these the
only kind we can answer?

*
® 3k

When you think of something mean you
can do to a man, and he beats you to it!
My. but isn’t he the mean thing?

* *
*

The other eve we saw a friend of ours
sauntering slowly homeward long after the
whistle had blown, and in the kindness of

- our heart we suggested that he hurry up, or

The captive wiped his mild blue eye,
And viewed the ruins with a sigh;
¢‘So pass the glories of this world”’
He said, and thru the wicket hurled,
To-mah-toes!

They are star boarders in the soup;
The pot-pie has it’s friendly group;
The coffee hath escaped them yet,
But will succumb in time, and get,
To-mah-toes!

‘Oh, touch them not,”’ the wise one said,
¢‘Look not upon them when they’re red;
Or they will tie such knots in you,
That e’en Doc. Hassell can’t undo,”’
To-mah-toes!

The captive spurned the good advice,
And took, and ate, and in a trice,
He knew a meeting of protest,
Was being held beneath his vest,
To-mah-toes!

The Doctor cut, and probed in vain,
He split him with, and ‘cross the grain;
He blistered him both front and rear,
And took out all his runnin’ gear,
To-mah-toes!

But could not find their lurking place,
They’d done their work, and left no trace;
And so he had to let him die,
And o’er him carve the reason why,
To-mah-toes!

When the recording angel
Starts to weigh

The things that now are hid,
I hope and pray

He’ll count the things I thought
But didn’t say,

Te offset those I did.

GET READY, BOYS

The new Draft age will include all men be-
tween 18 and 45 years, thus making the
¢work or fight’”” order applicable to some
twenty-six millions of men. An army of
four millions will be maintained in France,
with a million others constantly under train-
ing at home to fill up all gaps. Draftees
above thirty years of age will be used for
service behind the lines. There can be no
doubt now of our intention to win this war

he’d be late for supper. But heextinguished
us with a glance. ‘‘Supper and me arrives
together’” he haughtily announced as he
patted his pistol- pocket, and it was only
then that we saw that we were de trop, and
likewise faux pas.

* *
*

Prof. Bonsal—‘“What three words are most
used in this school?”’

Pupils—in chorus— ¢‘I don’t know.”’

Prof. B.—*‘‘Correct!”’

¥*® *
*

Good sense may be better than good looks,
but what are you going to do if you haven’t
either? ;

* *
%

If you want to make your sweet-hearts
stick, try writing your letters on flypaper

* *
*

Jack—‘‘Aw, g’wan, you couldn’t pass a
doctor.”” Jim—‘‘You needn’t talk. You
couldn’t pass a saloon.”’ .

* *
&

New-comer—to Overseer—‘‘Please put me
in Cell 24.”’

Overseer— ‘‘Why?’’

N—c—““Well, that’s the one father used to
have, and he always told me it was so con-
venient.”’ :

* % *

This life reminds us so much of lemonade

with the sugar left out.

* *
%

Early to bed, and early to rise, makes one
healthy, and wealthy, and wise—but just

think of the fun one misses.
k% Xk
Abe—*‘‘They tell me you are learning
short-hand.”’
Mawruss—‘‘Yes, but I can’t speakit yet.”’

* *
*

Asked to speak a word of advice to the
carpenters, we will say this: Always be on
the Level, no matter how the world may
Hammer you, Get rid of your vices; be
SQUARE, In Plain words, if you want to
COMPASS anything, BRACE up, and be a
man.
