---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_140.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

e

E S P. LEAGUE STANDING

Wes i Pet: W. L. Pect.
Printers 42 14 720 Yankees 20 35 364
Cubs 37 18 675 Athletics 13 43 232

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect WSS Pct?
Chicago 79 41 658 Brooklyn 53 65 449
New York 656 S0 565 Philies 50 65 435
Pittsburg 63 55 534 Boston 51 68 429
Cincinatti 61 57 517 St. Louis 50 71 413

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wer L Bct: W. L. Pet.
Boston 70 47 598 Chicago 57 62 479
Cleveland 67 52 563 St. Louis 46 470
Washingt'n 67 54 554 Detroit 50 66 431
Dlemaroricn bor ST IC TN R thlotice™  4u s 100407

HONOR CLUB NOTES

“‘Failure is in a sense the high-way to
success, in as much as every discovery of
what is false leads us to seek earnestly after
what is true, and every fresh experience
points out some form of error which we shall
afterward carefully avoid.”’ — Keats

Receipts for the week ending Aug.24, 1918

Circulating Library Sales. $5.25

Donations to the H, F. C. 1.05

From B 7307, for plate purchased for him.

$3.13

From B 8766, for loan at the gate. 2.00

Disbursements for the week ending Aug.

245 1918 W 8.0 S, $1.00
i Aug.19 1918.

The regular meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was called to order by it’s Chairman
B 8436, on the 19th of August, 1918 at1 P. M.

The minutes of the preceding meeting,
August 5th, 1918, were read, and approved.

There were five members present.

The secretary then read the report of the
Representative Delegates. Upon motion
made by B 8762, and seconded by 9017, the
report was accepted. Application for mem-
berships were received and approved as foll-
ows: B 8297, 8066, 9301, 9305, 9306, 9308, 9309

The following communications were receiv-
ed during the week. From B 8337 request-
ing the loan of $5.00 on his release. The
loan was refused, but a railroad ticket to his
home was granted him. From B 8583, re-
questing the loan of $3.00 was refused.

From B 8970 requesting the loan of $6.50
to aid his family was granted and on motion
the Vice President and Secretary was ap-
pointed a committee of two to take up this
man’s case with the Warden.

Receipts for the week ending August 17,
1918 were as follows.

Circulating Library Sales. $2.25

Donation to the H. F. C, 0.95

Disbursements for the week ending August
17, 1918, were as follows.

W SoS.

To B 8156

1.00

0.25

To Rev. Joseph Welch for paper. 0.54

Loan at the Gate to B 8766. 0

No further business being present, the
motion to adjourn was moved by B 9017.

Carried. ;
B 9017 Secretary.
Atlantic City, Aug, 23 1918.
To The Honor & Friendship Club:—
Hoping you are all enjoying your-
selves, and good luck to all.

(Contrnued from pa,ge )

Now ¢‘Pahson’’ Tambo, with Ludicrous
“‘busisness‘‘, sings ‘‘Revival Days‘‘ and in
so-doing‘‘ revives‘‘ for the day whatever
drooping spirits there might have been in
the audience. A dancing contest followed
between Bones, Chatham, Perry, and ‘‘String
bean‘‘, which wasleft a draw, as the judge
apparently decide which was the better con-
tortionist, and following this the entire com-
pany joined in singing Good-by, Good Luck,
God Bless You as a grand finale, and two
hours of hilarious fun had ended. ‘

At the conclusion of the Show, the Rev.
Dr. Van Pelt, colored Chaplin of the Trenton
State Prison, who chanced tobe an Institution
visitor, was introduced by the Warden, and
spoke in heartiest appreciation of the scenes
he had just witnessed. He was followed by
the Warden, who commended the splendid
way in which every inmate was living up to
his opportunities, and expressed a hope that
there would be no slacking up in such efforts.

Chippie Patterson, in response to insistent
demands from his ex-clients, then made a
little speech, in which he made the Warden
squirm by his hearty commendation of his
work in the re-making of men, and-but that’s
enough; it was an exceptional occasion, and
farewell, and an E.S.P. Holiday long to be
remembered.

AUBURN PRISON DONATES $1135

The Mutual Welfare League of Auburn
Prison announces the contribution of $1135
to the Red Cross Fund for war purposes.
This absolute gift represents the voluntary
offerings of the inmates in the spirit of pa-
triotism characteristic of prisoners in sym-
pathy with chivalric ideas of human respon-
ibility.

TRENTON PRISON GIVES $1,587

The Imner Voice reports thatthe Trenton,
New Jersy State Prison hes contributed
$1,382 to the Red Cross Fund, and $205 to
the Negro War Relief Association. The new
and enlightened government recently inau-
gurated in that long neglected institution is
bearing fruit of a golden hue. Governor
Edge and Warden Mulheron are justified in
the confidence reposed in the good intentions
of the men inside. Each month strengthens
the inmate Welfare organization and proves
the usefulness of character rebuilding by re-
sults obtained.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLc 1IN

Notice for adventisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to netify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING — Done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 8rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Block.

FOR SALE-—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—TFirst-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack,
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.

FOR SALE—Addolorata
tion necklace different colors,
designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tables, jewel-
boxes, trays, clamps etc. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Slide Trombone and instruct-
or, also Violinandinstructor; both reasonable
Bl 3552, 4 Blozk.

WANTED—To buy a good Bead Loom for

bag and necklace work; also rocking -chair.
B 9251, 5th Gallery

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All WQ?}? guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.

LOST—On Croquet Ground July 2nd. a pair
of Spectacles. Will finder please return to
BR068, 5th. Gallery.

FOR SALE—One Ladies size Guitar.
reasonable. B5949, 12th.-2 Gallery.

FOR SALE—A McFarland banjo, with case
and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451,
1st Block.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-

portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5¢c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.

cost $1.50; price

Roman  Recep-
beautifully

Price

Prices reason-

able. B 6523, 7th Block.. _
BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting
of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25¢c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1 00
B 3070, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Good Violin, reasonable B 8108,
1 Bloek. .

