---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_141.jpg
---
" THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia September 4th. 1918

NO. 35

A CRIMINAL CODE JUMBLE

The strangest criminal code in the United
States is brought to public attention in the
report of William E. Mikell of the Universi-
ty of Pennsylvania, who points out the urg-
ent necessity of revising the code in that
State.

‘““Viewing the code as a whole,’”” he says,
‘“‘there is an utter lack of principal in the
grading of crimes as felonies or misdemean-
ors, either according to the moral heinous-
ness of the offence, or the severity of the
punishment.”” For instance: ‘‘Bigamy, with
its attendant disgrace and illegitimacy, is a
misdemeanor, while ; embezzlement by a
servant is a felony at present in Pennsylvan-
ia. For a clerk or an agent to embezzle—
by the code called larceny—is a felony; for
a banker, trustee or guardian to embezzle,
is only a misdemeanor. ‘‘Administering a
narcotic with intent to commit larceny, is a
felony; assault and battery endangering the
life of an infant, is a misdemeanor. Black-
mailing is only a misdemeanor, while receiv-
ing stolen goods is a felony. If one in the
heat of a fight, intending to disable or maim
his antagonist should cut him ever so slightly
he is guilty of a felony, but, if he on purpose
and of malice aforethought by lying in wait,
shall unlawfully cut out the tongue, put out
an eye, cut off the nose*** or cut off any
limb of his victim, he commits only a misde-
meanor. :

«If the driver of a public ‘coachee’ by
‘wanton and furious driving or racing’ unin-
tentionally breaks a chicken’s leg he may be
punished by five years imprisonment, the,
same punishment provided for attempedrape
for mayhem, for counterfeiting, and for
robbery; but if the driver of a taxicab is
guilty of the same assault on a member of
the feathered tribe he is not even indictable.
If the driver of this ‘coachee, > while so driv-
ing, should accidentally inflict the slightest
personal injury on another, he would be
liable to greater punishment than if he de-
liberately stabbed that other with intent to

maim him, thus doing him serious bodily

harm.

The above represents some of the most
olaring and interesting defectsin the code.
¢“But the writer has by no means exhausted
them,”’ says the Journal of Prison Disipline.
“There is a great need for a complete re-
vision of the Pennsylvania code. It is a
jumble of inconsistent theories; a great
many sections are badly drawn; others are
obsolete; many are inconsistent, many are

in conflict.”’

However, it is noted that Governor Brum-
baugh has appointed a special commission
for the revision of the code. Before long
we may see Pennsylvania coming forward
with new ideas in dealing with criminal law.

FROM OVER THERE

We are indebtedmourtesy of Capt.
Parker for ‘leave to print’’ the letter re-
produced below, being from an ex-member
of the Institutional staff who is now doing
his “‘bit’’ in France.

France,July 28, 1918

Captain Parker:

Dear Sir

Just a few lines to let you know
that I am thinking of you all, but somehow
never get a chance to write. I got hurt
last Monday a week ago, by shrapnel on my
head and face, and also a hole in the side of
my leg, but my face and head is all right
again, and my leg is healing fine. I think I
will be up and around soon again.

I am now in the First American Base
Hospitalfin the === , that’s a regular
sporting town. They have a very large
park, and have hot springs, and baths, and
the boy’s tell me it is great to bathe. I was
trying to locate Frank Tucker, but somehow
I can never get to meet him. Will close my
letter for this time, hoping these few lines
find you in the best of health. Remind me
to all the boys.

Yours Respectfully,

John A. Heck
A. E. F.

LATEST SPY NOTE

To W. Hohenzollern,

All-Spyest-
I have discovered during the past
week, that,

America launched 47 ships,

And sent 80,000 men to France,

And isn’t worrying about the U-Boats,

And is arafting all men from 18 to 45.

And is going to raise anew Liberty Loan
of 5 billion, .

And is determined to retire you to
private life,

And the birth rate is increasing,

And the crops are great,

And the E. S. P. Volunteers are ready to
go,

And all is discovered.

P.S. Please remit last quarters salary.
Weiner Wurst
Spy No, 2313
Philadelphia Aug, 30.
To Weiner Wurst, Philadelphia:—
Not for that kind of news. Wilhelm.

Berlin:-

THE E. S. P. MAKES HOLIDAY

The H. F. C. and the E. S. P. Volunteers
united in making Labor Day a Great Day
in the annals of the E. S. P. From 9 a. m.
to 4 p. m. there was something doing all the
time, and the members of the two local
““Unions’’ —fraternal, and military—had the
time of their Institutional lives.

Of course there was a parade, two of ‘em,
to be exact; in morning and afternoon, with
more than a thousand men in line, and the
militant section looking fit to take any trench
which Colonel ‘‘Jake’” might point out to
them, Their Cammander-in cheif, and
Warden, Robert J. McKenty, reviewed them
and tried hard not to look too pleased with
their appearance and demeanor, we believe
had he followoed his natural impulse he
would haveordereda ‘‘Dutch-cake’’ for every
man, on the spot, but he thought of peaches,
and refrained. True, the ¢‘‘Carabinieri’’
rather startled their Colonel by scme form
of ‘‘minuet’’ step they had apparently in-
vented for the occasion, but their dereliction,
if it could be called such, was quite eclipsed
by the gallant appearance of the colored
“‘troops’” who swept past the reviewing
stand, moving as one man, and whose per-
fect exhibition of military technique caused
the Colonel’s chest to swell visibly, while we
don’t doubt Pershing would have said, could
he have seen them, ‘“‘Send ‘em on. They’re
Just what I need.”’

The morning was given up to Athletic
sports, but the afternoon witnessed the cli-
max of the day’s events, in the giving of an
open-air Minstrel Show, which left a rich
harvest of smiles and goud-feeling behind it.
Messers. Barrington & Garnette’s All-Star-
likewise All-E. S. P.-Minstrels gave a per-
formance on the Store-house grounds which
surpassed both their previous efforts in both
quantity and quality, and covered both Man-
ager, and Director with imperishable glory,
as the greatest since Hammerstein.

More than a thousand ‘‘warriors’’ and
hoi polloi were massed about the improvised
stage, when the Troubadours hove in view,
escorted by the E. S. P. Band, and arrayed
in such color combinations as would have
struck even a blind man with awe. March-
ing on the stage, they seated themselves
while the Band played an opening number,
and then at signal for the Opening Chorus,
a madley of popular airs, which were quick-
ly followed by an Orchestral Overture, and
then a long sigh of content went up from
the eagerly expectant audience when Mr.

(Continued on page 4 )
