---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_142.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

—_—

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, September 4th. 1918.

TO WORK OR TO FIGHT?

Whether we work, or fight is of course the
question that is now agitating our to-willing
bosoms. Whether somebody, with our en-
tire good-will and consent, ‘‘puts a musket
on our shoulder’’ and marches us off to help
teach the Hun that he must henceforth do
his safe-cracking at home; or whether were-
main safely attached to our knitting, as at
present, with only a wistfull glance permit-
ted now and then in the general direction of
a shindy which would delight the soul of an
Irishman, and us.
~ We have some hundreds of men all drilled
and ready to assist in the task of- ‘‘strafing’’
these super-yeggs, and our supposed know-
ledge of such tactics should be invaluable in
combating the Hun method of warfare. On
the old principle of setting a thief to catch
a thief, wouldn’t we have the best chance of
netting the Clown Prince, or some other
one of the Six Yellow Streaks, with their
pockets full of loot, and think of our right-
eous indignation should such delightful thing
happen. Think of the self-satisfaction with
which we could point to the fact that we
never used an army to help us replevin our
neighbors possessions.

Why, the proof we could thus obtain that
we were so much better than we had thought
ourselves, as measured with these royal burg-
lars and petty larcenists, would probably be
the saving of more than half of us; we
would be ashamed to belong longer to a pro-
fession so disgraced.

And there’s work, the very thought of
which was once distasteful to a number of
us, and now has an appeal which is a daily
torment. It is not the high reward of such
endeavor, tho dollars and cents are not yet
despised by us, but rather the fact that we
can feel ourselves for once in our lives as
being really of use in the world, in fact, we

THE UMPIRE

can almost acquire that indispensable feel-
ing which is supposed to be the sole prero-
gative of the master workman. And pos-
sessing this feeling, which we have longed
for, lo! these many days, we, whom only the
‘“‘cops’’ had seemed to desire, and are now
sought after by the great of the earth. why,
what could minister more to the selfrespect
which shall be our saving than this? To be
a community need, instead of a pest to be
interned on the slightest occasion who
would lose such opportunity to impress upon
a hitherto doubtful world that he is some
man, and that only their shameful lack of
perception, and his innate modesty, prevent-
ed their sometime recognition of the fact.
Let us work, orfight; either will be the saving
of us, for who would descend to meaner things
and practices when one has had one’s day of
glory as soldier, or workman. Trust us not
to so dim the only halo weare likely to wear.

THE “GROUCH.”’

There is no more disgusting and repelling
than the ’’grouch’’. It matters not what
causes his sourness; let his home be full of
troubles, he is but a poor alibi of a man if he
carries it with him to his place of work,
where the combined sharesof each co-workers
sociability and good will to one another de-
cide whether the day shall turn out dull or
bright.

The happy and contented spirit of a hundred
can be dampened by just one such ’’crabby’’
individual. If this ’grouch’’ then have any
authority in the shop at all, he finds faults
where there are none; he looks for oppor-
tunities to cool off any attempt to drive a-
way the cloud he brought, and if he canfind
a possible cause to inflict a hurt by the ex-
ercising of his authority, he will do it.

But there 1s one consolation his associates
oftheshopatleasthave;theycanseek workelse
where if they do not like his ways and in
leaving, express their disgust with him. But
it is a pity when such a ’’grouch’ is per-
mitted to bring his repelling traits into a
penal institution where men, unfortunately,
have been cornered, and who have been shorn
of all chances to defend themselves.

The wearisome days of a conviet can be
lightened immensely with but one smile from
the keeper, but also bring to his heart de-

‘pression, discomfort and hatred, if left tothe

mercy of a ’’grouch’’.
SING SING CONTRIBUTES

A war savings stamp campaign just con-
cluded by inmates of Sing Sing prison added
$1,000 to Uncle Sam’s war chest. The prison-
ers subscribed to several thousand dollars’
worth of Liberty Bonds during the third
drive and contributed $1,000 in the last Red
Cross campaign.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 38rd Thursdays each month
20PN,

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending Aug. 29 6
Released *° £ £t st & 10
Died 1
Prison population s SRS
Latest serial Number A “*B 9325

JOHN BARLEYCORN UNPOPULAR

What General Pershing Says: ‘‘There was
a time when it was a natural part of a sol-
dier’s existence to drink and carouse. That
day is past, with the soldier sworn to defend
his county’s flag and representing the power
and dignity of the nation. Strong muscles
clear brains, high ideals in the soldier, in-
crease the fighting efficiency of the army,
and these qualities of the citizen insure the
permancy of our institutions.”

What Our Associates in the War Say: “We
are fighting Germany, Auwustria, and drink,
and, as far as I can see, thegreatest of these
three deadly foes is drink.”’-David Lloyd
George, Premier of Great Britain.

““Give me a teetotal army and I will lead
it anywhere.’’-Lord Roberts.

“‘Drink is as much your enemy as Germany.”’
Raymond Poincare, President of Republic
of France.

What the Germans Say: ‘‘Beer is a far
more dangerous enemy to Germany than all
the armies of France.”’—Von Moltke.

‘“The next war, the next naval encounter,
will demand of you soundnerves. These are
undermined by alcohol, endangered from
youth up, by its use.—The nation which
drinks the leastalcohol will be the winner.”’
Kaiser Wilhelm, 1910.

Tom— ‘‘Is baseball a game of skill?”’
Red—*“Not the way the Athleties play it.”’

‘““You’re looking blue, Doc. What’s the
matter?’’
““Well, a patient of mine died this morning”’
‘‘Aw, cheer up. IIe might have died any-

way.”’
