---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_143.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NEWS AND COMMENT

Pennsylvania will celebrate Hero Day in
memory of her sons who have died on the
battle-fields of France, fighting for country
and world-liberty, on September 13th, Gen.
Pershing’s birthday. Friday, the 13th, and
yet we wouldn’t call it an unlucky day.

e s

“The U. S. now has some 273 planes in ser-
vice in France, and 3000 pilots to man the
same. Gen. Pershing asks for 25,000 planes,
while the Air Board program calls for 250
squadrons of 21 planes each by July 1919.
This reminds us strikingly of the difference
between our own purpose and performance.

$300, 000,000 will be Philadelphia’s quota in
the Fourth Liberty Loan. Twice as much
as was asked in the last Loan. We shall
certainly do our best to contribute our mite
to the supplying of this sum; and the slogan
of the moment should be ‘‘The E. S. P. ex.
pects every man to do his duty.

The first Draft call for September will be
- for 186,773 men, to go to the training camps
between August 30th, and September 6th.
Pennsylvania’s quota will be 6000. Well, our
hat is still in the ring.

The first three games of the World’s
Series will be played in Chicago, starting
September the 4th. An extension of 15days
on the ‘‘work or fight’’ order hasbeengranted
the playersby the Draft Administration. No,
we’re not thinking of going.

Americans losses to date, killed, 9,147;
wounded 13,376; missing and prisoners, 2,607,
total 25,130.

Just for example: an American soldier
¢Over There’’ stops sixteen machine-gun
bullets with differentportions of his anatomy,
and insists upon going on fighting. The only
way to stop ’em, is to yell ‘“Kamerad!”’
real quick.

The country will go ‘‘bone-dry’’ on July,
1st, 1919 as provided for in the Prohibtion
Bill now on the eve of being passed by Con-
gress. The manfacture of beer and wines
will cease -after the First of May, 1919.
After July, 1st, next, there will be some of
our number reconciled to staying here.

A pound of pork now costs $8.40 in Aus-
tria-Hungary, while eggs are 40c each.
They sometimes cost more than that in here,
as the Hon, Bob, will tell you.

TRY THIS

Whats the use of knockin’, boys?
Why not try a boost?

Be sure the chickens that you hatch,
Will all come home to roost.

You may have got a dozen months,
Or ten or twenty years;

But will it help to grouch around?
Try smiles instead of tears.

Say that you like the coffee,
Just remark you’ve never known,

Such taste, and such aroma,
Since you last blew off the foam;

That cream and sugar’d spoil it,
And they’ll maybe send you home,

Thinking that you like the Penitentiary,

And when the soup is ladled out,
Don’t say that mother could,
From just the same ingredients,
Make something twice as good;
But look upon it kindly,
As the best that can be got,
Remembering it’s mostly thick,
And always piping hot;
And take your largest spoon in hand,
And quickly eat it up,
And scrape the bottom of fhe pan,
As tho ’twere claret cup,
Then ask another helping,
And they’ll send you home to sup,
Thinking that you like the Penitentiary.

And there’s the Sunday pot-pie,
Which is sure a tasty dish;

And there’s the moving pictures,
And there’s the Friday fish.

And there’s the military,
Who are not te proud to fight;

And there’s coal in every corner,
And there’s music day and night.

There’s excuse for lookin’ cheerful,
So why keep on lookin’ glum?

Think about the years you’ve got in,
Not about the years to come;

And it‘s likely they’ll parole you,
Long before your ‘‘bit’’ is done,

Thinking that you like the Penitentiary.

LIBRARY NOTICE

As the number of men with ‘‘special priv-
ileges’’ to help them-selves to books in the
library have grown to such proportion that
they have become quite an encumbrance to
the smooth running of the department,
notice is hereby given; that all such existing
privileges are to-day cancelled, and will, in
the future, not be granted to anyone except
Over-seers and those with a written permit
from the Warden or the Chaplain.

The formerly privileged men who have
their slates on file in the library can have

" these returned to them by notifying the lib-

rary runner or calling for them in person.
Books on special study can be obtained at
any time through the School Teacher, Mr.
Bonsall. Abel Schall Jr.
Librarian

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

The only really hardened criminals we know
of are some petrified remains of prisoners
foundin the prison of Pompeii.

* *
*

The conoundrum of the moment is, why
should a man report at 5 a.m. instead of 9,
and then try to blame it on the cook, instead
of on the liniment.

%
- *

The other day in the Yard we happened to
overhear a ‘‘soldier’’ lamenting the fact that
he couldn’t get any work to do, and thinking
to cheer him up, we ventured to tell him
that Mr. Schall was at that very moment
needing men to shovel coal over by the 12th.
He thanked us feelingly and venomousiy;
and disappeared in the direction of the 11 th.
and we haven’t seen him since.

* *
ok

Our barber wi!ll be leaving us this week,
so we can say without fear of consequences,
that we have long entertained a shrewd sus-
picion that he uses his razors in the manu-
facture of the evening’s hash.

* ¥
*

A postage stamp can be licked once, but
after that it delivers the goods. Moral, be
a postage stamp.

* *k
®

Baseball is probably the only thing in which
the chap who bravely strikes cut for himself
receives no praise for it. Quite the contrary,
as Jack, and Lucky, ete. will readily testify.

* *
£

If you’re made of the right sort of clay,
and possess plenty of sand, you’re friends
will call you a ‘‘brick’’ before you go to the
wall—but never afterward.

* *
&

Conscience with most of us is just the fear
of being found out.

* *
*®

Discretion is that quality which permits
us to say ‘Oh,shut up!’’ to somebody small-
er than ourselves, and ‘‘ I beg your pardon
butI don’t entirely agree with you.’’ to the
chap who is the bigger-man. Personally, we
always exercise it.

* *
£

The name frankfurtersis said to be derived
from the Anglo-Saxon frank’ meaning open
and the latin fortitude meaning brave.
Open to suspicion, and eaten by the brave.

*
it *

He— ““If I should steal a kiss, would it ‘be

petty larceny?
She—“‘No, it would be grand.’’
