---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_144.jpg
---
+

THE UMPIRE

M e

HONOR CLUB NOTES

: August 27, 1918.

The regular meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was called to order by its Chairman
B-8436 on the 27th of August 1918, at1 p.m.

The minutes of the preceding meeting,
August 19, 1918 were read and approved.

There were five members present.

The Secretary then read the report of the
Representative Delegates.

Upon motion made by B-8762 and seconded
by A-8432 the report was accepted.

Applications for membership were received
and approved as follows: B-5640-25¢, B-8061,
B-8279, B-8372, B-9307, B-9310, B-9312.

The following communications were re-
ceived during the week:

From B-5491 requesting the loan of $2.00
on his release, loan granted.

From B-6054 requesting the loan of $5.00
on his release, loan granted.

From B-8335 requesting the loan of $10.00
on his release, loan granted,

Receipts for the week ending August 31,
1918, were as follows:

Circulating Library sales $3.75

Donation to the Honor and Friendship Club

.25

Disbursements for the week ending August

31, 1918, were as follows:

WES:S: $1.00
Loans to men on Parole 17.00
To B-7599 for Watch Fobs 3.85

No further business beingpresent, adjourn-
ment moved and carried.

B-9017, Secretary.

TO THE ‘‘UMPIRE’’

On Saturday afternoon the women of the
second Block were able to forget the gloom
of the gray walls, through the kindnessof the
Warden and the earnest efforts of the H. F.
C. minstrels, to whom we extend our heart-
iest thanks and look forward to a return date
in the very near future.

We are anticipating a gay social season as
soon as our ‘‘pleasure palace’’ is completed,
date to.be announced later. Our matron
Mrs. Boal enjoyed the performance as wel]
as we, but what pleased her most was the
manner in which we conducted ourselves
through out

We also wish to congratulate and thank
the performers on their successful efforts to
dispel all gloom, which they certainly did
and tea-time came all to soon.

Our thanks are also extended to master
Robert McKenty for the wonderful way in
which he rendered ‘‘Over There.’’

No wonder Grandpa smiles. Three cheers
and a tiger for our Warden, from,

The Women of the 2nd Block.

THE E. S. P. MAKES HOLIDAY

otherwise Eddie, turned to
STy € 2k and - fired Ssithe
opening pun—we mean gun. It wasn’t the
audience’s reception of his efforts, which
caused the Interlocutor to ask Van to sing
“I’m Sorry I Made You Cry,’” but rather a
desire to please which led him to next call
upon Bones, after a cross-fire of repartee,
to sing ““Mama’s Blues,’”” which must have
been located entirely above the neck, as
Bones’ feet were certainly as merry and
prone to jig as ever. ‘‘Blues’’ seemed to be
a favorite with the performers, the Pro-
gram including also the ‘“Tishomingo Bules’’
sung by Tambo, alias ‘Dude,”’” znd the
“‘Prison Blues’’ released by Bones from an
apparently over-burdened system.

The Minstrels rested after the fifth num-
ber, while Tony and his music-makersobliged
with a trio of musical numbers given in their
very best style, which reminds us so vividly
of Willow Grove, and Sousa nights; and then
the program was resumed by the Interlocu-
tor introducing himself as the man who could
tell just what we would do to the Kaiser
when we had caught him under the Linden
tree, after the list of proposed and terrific
punishments, in which the E. S. P. “Army’’
ficured largely, had been run through to the
audience’s huge delight, some more singing
was had, and then Eddie showed hishistronic
ability by a rendition of the closing scene of
«‘Justice’’ harrowing up the audience’s feel-
ings to suchapoint as required all Van’sef-
forts in the “Dixie Volunteers’’, aided tho
he was by an ‘“‘awkward squad’’ which would
have caused a drill-sergeant to have gone
off, and regretfully hanged himself, to calm.
Next the “‘Reverend-for-the-occasion’’
Brooks, sang ‘‘Revival Days,”” with all the
funny ‘‘business’’ appertaining thereto,
which was followed by the dancing contest
in which D. C’s nimble and uncontrollable
feet made him a not-too-easy winner, as his
competitors came near to realizing the drug-
gist’s phrase of ‘‘something just as good,”
and the performance closed with the singing
of ‘““America’’ by minstrels, audience, and
all.

It was a goodly Show, and Managers and
players are to be highly complimented, and
we are sure that we are voicing the sentiments
of all the Inmates, when we tender them our
sincere thanks for the very great pleasure
their work has given. The Warden and mem-
bers of his family. and a party of visitors,
were appreciated lookers-on at our efforts
to make the Holiday a real one, and we think
not a one of them but will agree with us in
saying that our efforts were almost entirvely
succesful, and we are equally sure that the
Warden feels justified of his wisdom in per-
mitting us the larger measuresof freedom on
such days; as the result of such course was

Interlocutor,
Bones, sometime

- Overseer.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. )

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8321,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females;
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, T5¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack,
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.

FOR SALE—Addolorata
tion necklace different colors,
designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tables, jewel-
boxes, trays, clamps etc. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Slide Trombone and instruct-
or, also Violinand instructor; both reasonable
B 8552 4 Block.

WANTED—To buy a good Bead Loom for
bag and necklace work; also rocking chair.
B 9251, 5th Gallery

FOR SALE— Plncushlons children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
klnds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any
dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames.
All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.
Typewriting. Composition if desired, reason-
able rate, B 9091, 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Complete set of silver tools
and 1 pound of silver, ery reasonable. B 7722
11th Block. ;

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting

of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25¢c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00
B 3070, 1st Block.

plainly apparent in the happy faces of the
crowd,and in fact that tho there was no vis-,
ible form of restraint no better behaved as-
semblage could not have been found within
the limits of the U.S. on that day. The
Warden was clearly proud of his boys, whose
only possible work at present isthat.odd pre-
paration against the day of service which we
all hope is some day to come, and for which
he is working so earnestly. This was the
only thought that could mar an otherwise
perfect day, that we were but celebrating
our will to labor, and not the thing itself, but
next Labor Day, perhaps?

also

cost $1.50; price

Roman  Recep-
beautifully

