---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_145.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia September 11th. 1918

NO. 36

TO-MORROWS DUTY

For the benefit of to-morrow’s registrant’s
we print the following resume of the twenty
questions contained on the registration cards,
and which will be asked by the registrar.

Question No.l - Name. Name must be given
in full, first name, middle name, last name.

Question No.2 - Your permanent home ad-
dress. This means where you have your per-
manent home now, not the place where you
work, or the place where you were born,
unless that is your permanent home.

Question No. 3 - Agein years. Give age
in years only, notadditionalmonthsand days.

Question No.4 - Date of birth. If youdon’t
remember the year, say ‘‘on my birthday
this year I will be - - years old.

Question No.5- White?

No.6- Negro?

No. 7- Oriental?

No. 8- Citizen Indian?

No.9- Noncitizen Indian?

No.10- Native-born United States

2

bR

No.11- Naturalized citizen of the

No.12- Citizen of the U.S. by
fathers naturalization? - Which you are if
you were under the age of 12 at the time of
your parents naturalization.

Question No.13- Alien delararant? Which
you are if you have taken out your ’’first
papers’’.

Question No.14-Aliennondeclarant? Which
you are if you are of alien birth, and have
not taken out your first papers.

Question No. 15- If nota citizen of the U.
S.,of what nation are you a citizen, or
subject?

Question No.16- Present occupation? This
means your present trade, occupation, or
employment.

Question No. 17- Employer‘s name?

Question No. 18- Place of employment?
(This is easy. Ed.)

Question No. 19- Name of nearestrelative?

1f married, and wife living, give her name;

If single, or wife dead, give name of near-
est blood relative; If no relativesgive name
of nearest friend.

Question No.20- Address of nearest rela-
tive? Give number and name of street first,
then city or town, then county and state, or
R.F.D. number first, then Post Office, then

county and State.

American losses to date: killed 10,186
wounded, 16,634; prisoners and missing,
3,354. Total, 80,174. Thirty thousand men
to make the German army look like thirty
cents. Isthat too high a price?

HERO DAY
September 13, 1918.
(To the memory of Pennsylvania’s dead)

O men of Pennsylvania,
Who heard the drum’s behest;
O lads of Pennsylvania,
Our bravest, and our best;
Who lifted up a knightly lance,
And died to stay the Hun’s advance;
And sleep in flow’ry fields of France,
So gloriously ‘‘Gone West.”’

O men of Pennsylvania,
We honor being dead;
O lads ef Pennsylvania,
For whom our tears are shed;
Rest ye, abiding guests of Fame;
We shall take up your task amain,
And none shall say ye died in vain,
Your blood was useless shed.

O men of Pennsylvania,
Who being dead, live on;
O lads of Pennsylvania,
Who knew but manhood’s dawn;
Mother, or wife, or maid may weep,
For that a tryst you wili not keep;
But ye have honor, and ye sleep:
What, and ye had not gone?

UNCLE GEORGE

Sunshine or rain one finds always: ‘“Uncle
George’’in the same pleasantandjovial spirit.
**Why should I bring my troubles and worr-
ies to a place where there is enough of it
already; I am glad if I can bring in the
mornings a bit of cheer and comfort to the
boys; and then when I go home at night I

feel so much better because of it.: These are’

the words and the spirit of MrGeorge Pierce,
the gentle Overseer of the 12th Block. and it
is this generous thought and evidence of
sympathy that causes his smiling count-
enance. and which draws to bim so many
friends among the Inmates of this institution

If a few more of his kind could be found a
Keepers for the many country’s prisons’ the
shady side of this world would grow bright-
er. p

The star and stripe upon his sleeve indi-
cate a long service’ and instead of allowirg
the many years intercourse with convicts to
harden his heart to their sadden lot’’ he has
given it full opportunity to respond to their
need of kindness and sympatby’ and that is
why they greet him as” Uncle George’’
today’- and that is why this little tribute is
paid him’ that it might awaken in others a

desire to become as he.
B. 7,01

HOME RUNS

To-morrow, September 12th, is Registra-
tion Day in this Institution, as on the out-
side, for all those between the ages of 18 and
21, and 31 and 45, a total, as we are credibly
informed of about 800 within these walls.
Personally, we’re going to register, and our
attitude towards a war, which to judge by
the welcome extended us might have been

‘run by the Y. M. C. A. promises to under-

go a vast change.

The ‘‘Princess’’ Theater, on the 2d Block,

- is approximately complete, and will be open-

ed with all due ceremony in the near future.
In only one thing will it be different from
the ordinary run of theaters; there will be
no ‘‘Johnies’’ hanging around thatstage door.

Doc’ Hassell is away on a vacation. We
traced him as far as Harrisburg, but there
all trace was lost, and it is believed that he
has withdrawn into the mountains of the
central portion of the State, and will there
perfect a new pill, in the form of an oblate
spheroid, which will look like an orange,
taste like an orange, but will do the work of
a ten-inch shell.

There is a delightful rumor about, that
George Eels will erect, or have erected, for
his feathered proteges, a dove-cote of im-
posing proportions, Gothic architecture and
sixteen entrances. This seems to us to be
too many entrances—or exits— as it would
take at least eight men to be sure of getting
the material for one pigeon-pie.

Deputy-Warden Souder is back on the job
after a two-week vacation which leaves him
looking ..as fresh as the proverbial daisy.
There is none of that jaded and world-weary
look whlch so often distinguishes—and dis-
covers—our local returning ‘‘tourists,’” and
we are inclined to believe that our Deputy
is more of a sedate and home-loving body
than most.

Mr. Edward Kraupa was on hand Satur-
day afternoon prepared to rush a battalion
of pictures to our aid should J. Pluvius see
fit to invade our territory, but the baro-
meter’s sudden change to ‘‘fair,”” left his-a
non-essential industry to the day’shappiness.
We honestly believe that man likes to be
bothered.

’
