---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_146.jpg
---
i ey

THE UMPIRE -

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

;- every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communicationg from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, September 11th. 1918.

BLUE OR ROSE?

Just what tint does your life take to you?
Are you of that happy clan who see life thru
rose-colored spectacles, and meet the thun-
der and the sunshine witha smile? Towhom
fate can do nothing, secure as they are in the
knowledge that time hasit’s recompense for
every evil, and in ninety-nine cases out of
a hundred the happy ending is certain to
eventutate if you just keep on expecting it
hard enough; or do you belong to the blue-
nosed faction who can see only the muddy
road, and never the brilliant sun that is
shining overhead, and whose facial express-
ionremindsone of a Scotchman’s while paying
his Income Tax; who are certain always
that the worst is going to come, and are
generally out in the middle of the road look-
ing, and waiting for it, and who can wonder
at their being runover?

If you should be so foolish as to attach a
steel rod to yourself, and then go out into a
six-cylinder thunder-storm, what kind of a
verdict do you think the Coroners Jury
would bring in? Who loves trouble, and
hugs misery to themselves as their dearest
friend, and are only too ready to pzss. large
throbbing chunks of the same on to their
friends,and neighbors—mostly thelatter, for
a pessimist hasn’t any friends—usually find
themselves with a plentiful supply on hand for
such largess. But are they admired and
loved for it? Well, if they were passing out
small-pox germs they would be just about
as popular. The average small boy has a
deeper and truer affection for Castor Oil,
than the average person has for these chron-
ic disseminators of unhappiness.

1t is the man who smiles wide-toothed and
happily who holds the audience; the man
who can laugh away his own and your troub-
les, and whose cheerfulness is so infectious
that you return to your apartments, and

partake of your afternoon tea, without ever
noticing the absence of sweetening, such
men as these are the salt of the earth, and
the sugar of the E. S. P. Surely, if ever
there was excuse for feeling blue, it would
be in such a place, and such circumstances
as this, and would be thought tobe excusable
in us who are outcast, scorned, and set a-
part. The casual spectator would expect to
find smiles as hard to find in this place as a
real, old-fashioned, mother-made, pumpkin
pie, but are they? Well, hardly. There’s
as much happiness to the square inch behind
these walls, as there is on the other side of
them, and while we sing the ‘‘Prison Blues”’
we smile while singing, as if the whole darn
thing was a joke on the public instead of on
us. And we sometimes think we’re right.
And furthermore, our smiling is real and not
camouflage. We do our ‘‘bits’’ bravely,
and smile, confident that the best, and not
the worst, is yet to come, and that the day
that is coming holds a wonderful promise for
us all. A promise of new lives, new deeds,
new ways; of a time when the ‘‘cops’” shall
cease from troubling, and the ‘‘mouth-piece’’
be at rest, and we, the manlier, braver, no-
bler, for our passing thru the fire, shall
stand forth unashamed in the sight of men—
still smiling.

PRISON LABOR IN WAR

The question of utilizing convict labor to
further military preparation has been the
subject of discussion among those men who
occupy themselves with problems of sociol-
ogy,

Leaving aside the question of the compe-
tition with free labor which always rears its
head when the matter is mentioned there
is no reason why large‘bodies of ablebodied
men should be allowed to remain idle at a
time when the shortage of labor is a serious
menace to the cause for which the nation is
fighting. These are fateful days, such as the
country has never known before. We are
just beginning to realize that if we are to
win the war everybody must lena a hand.
At the front young men are fighting and dy-
ing; our women are nursing the wounded and
closing theeyesof thedying. Here, although
too remote from the battlefields of KFrance
to visualize the horrors of war, men, women
and even children are making munitions, or-
ganizing relief through the Red Cross, the
Young Men’s Christian Associations, the
Knights of Columbus and kindred organiza-
tions knitting socks and sweaters and selling
thrift stamps. It is no longer safe to loaf.

To exempt criminals from jail in factories
and on farms while every one else is at work
is worse than absurd. It is direct encour-
agement to those slackers who would rather
go to prison than fight and are quite ready to
commit any crime that will secure for them
a welcome period of rest behind jail bars.

. NY. HERALD.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

FEpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 38rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 BoM.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS
Entered during week ending Aug. 29

10
Released 16
Died el 2
Prison population iy 1371
Latest serial Number BRYS 35

[ %3 X3 3

€¢

(X3

TRAMPS SCARCE IN WAR

Are Virtually Blotted Out of Northwest by
Work-or-Fight Order,

Work has virtually blotted out the grimy

trail of the professional tramp in the North-
west, according to railroad officials and offi-
cials of States from Minnesota to the West-
ern Coast.
- The Northwestern tier of States, long the
summer playground of thebox car transient,
have so rigorously enforced the “work or
fight’’ order and other war measures, that
the tramps, who.formerly appearedin droves
after having wintered in the cities, have been
reduced to a few lone stragglers.

‘‘And the demand for labor is so keen that
town policemen and village constables are
quick to draft these stragglers and put them
to work,’’ declared an official of a railroad
with headquarters here,

““The armed guards about railroad yards,
bridges and tunnels have also been a thorn
in the side of the care-free wanderer. He
is in constant danger of becoming a target
while loafing about his old haunts.”’

In past years towns which were the
headquarters of farm laborers were packed
with professional gamblers, gunmen and
thugs, who devised various schemes of fleec-
ing the worker out of his money. They min-
gled with the men, wore the clothes of the
worker and could be weeded out by officials
only with difficulty.

The war has, in the opinion of the author-
ities, sounded the death knell of this small
army, which annually reaped a golden har-
vest. g :
