---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_147.jpg
---
WITH FIFE AND DRUM

The Volunteers have chipped in and are
buying themselves a handsome American Flag
for their very own; beneath whose folds they
hope to march in future, maybe to Berlin,
maybe just around the Institution.

* *
*®

Tuesday’s Competitive Drill furnished some
suprises for both Judges, and spectators.
The crack colored troops who everybody sup-
posed would carry off first honors with Com-
parative ease were hardly in the running thru
one man’s mistakes; and Cap Jess’s Company
A. won firstprize,  a box of cigars, while
Wingie’s awkward squad, and the Italian
‘‘Carabinieri’’ divided second prize, a similar
box, between them. We would advise Bunny
to get busy and smoke out a slacker, or two,
if he hopes to smoke up.

* -~ *

Colonel ‘‘Jake’’ who set himself back for
two boxes of cigars, and said it was worth it,
was delighted with the splendid work of his
men, and will probably dig up real Perfectos
for the next Competition. He was particu-
larly pleased that there were absolutely no
casualties, tho such was threatened when some
envious spectator called out an order which
tied A Company, which was just then going
thru it’s paces, into a double bow-knot. If
Cap. Jess had found thatparty he would have
figured in the day’s casualty list, all right.

*
% %

The Muster Roll follows: Company A. 42;
Company B. 40; Company C. 95; Company D,
25: Awkward Squad No. 1 ( white ) 25; Awk-
ward Squad No. 2 (colored ) 24. Official Staff
26; and a Mascot, Captain Bob McKenty 3d.

%
£ ES

And by the way, did you know that the
Hon. Bob Myers was nowa Brigadier-Gen-
eral? Sure, he is; and after this, if you are
a member of the military and hepinches you
for any major or minor dereliction, be sure
and demand a court-martial, and see what
happens.

ES o3 £

- Visitors who cannot pass any point in the
yard without running into squads of men
feverishly drilling, are puzzled to account
far it, and have heard to wonder if they
had’nt gotten on the wrong car and landed at
Camp Meade, instead of the E. S. P. but it’s
all perfectly natural, we want to fight, or if
we can’t do that we want to work, and if
drilling is going to put us one step nearer to
that much-wished for goal, then drill we will
and with a will.

THE UMPIRE

SOMEWHERE IN GEORGIA

Yo’ kin talk about yo’ peaches, on de tree,
or in de can, :

Yo, kin talk about yo’ possum fat, yo’
bacon, an’ yo’ ham,
~ Butde Lawd made watahmilyun fo’ de
culluhd gentilman,

An dis niggah bo’n right wheah de *milyun
grows!

He made de nigguh’s skull so thick to bust
de 'milyun’ paht,
« He made de nigguh’s mouth so wide to git
de bettah staht,

He made de nigguh’s lips so red to match
de ’milyun’s haht,

Oh, de 'milyun’shaht am mighty - lak’ a
rose!

De white fo’ks am de beatinest! It puzzles
dis yere coon,

Jus’ why dey wants to slice ’em up, an’
eat ’em with a spoon,

Dey aint no tas’ to ’em dat way. Dey
might ’swell nevah grew ’em,

Oh, dewhite fo’ks am to careful of dey clo’es!

De place to eat a 'milyun, am right wheah
de milyuns grow,
Fo’ it sho’ do tas’
moon am gittin low, £
An’ de dew it am a fallin’, an’ de ’'milyun
cooled jus’ so. :
An’ yo' settinv dah between de 'milyun
rows!

de sweetest when de

De way to eat a milyun? Does I have to
tell yo’ dat? _ :
Wuz yo’ bo’n in Gawgy,
wheah wuz yo’ bo’n at?
Why, yo’ bust dat ,milyun open, an’ yo’
jus’ take off yo’ hat.
Yo’ bet yo’ life dat dis yere nigguh knows!

nigguh? Or

Dis nigguh’s suah dat Hebben am a watah-
milyun patch,

De angels in white aperns, an’
upon de lateh,

Waitin’ fo’ to serve dis nigguh wid de
finest of de batch,

An’ dat am wheah dis migguh hopes he

de gate

goes!

LIBRARY NOTICE

About 500 new books have been added to
our Library this year, and compiled into a
new supplement, which will be delivered to
every cell during this week. In order that
all may have a chance at these books, only
one will be given with each slate if requested
for;- therefore put down on your slate se-

lections from the old catalog also.
Abel Schall Jr.

Librarian

HITS OR FOULS?

We rise to remark, defying contradiction,
that a square man can’t be cornered.

R

And that to be steeped in crime must re-
fer to stolen tea; and that he who purloins—
we avoid the harsher word—a ham, may be
said to be sandwiched between two evils; the
fear of hunger, and the fear of discovery.

We have always found it to be a good plan
when anyone asks our advice, to find out
first what he has made up his mind to do,
and proceed accordingly.

May we suggest to the Navy Department
that it take over the Printers, now the local
ball season nears it’s close, and set ’em to
stealing submarine bases.

Visitor—to Front Office—‘‘How many
people work in this office?”’
Bobby—‘‘Me.”’

Just supposin’ we all stopped criticising
others, and turned our attention toourselves
for the time, wouldn’t we be kept too busy -
to take on outside contracts? -

Over on the Third recently we were pet-
ting the official cat, and Dave started in to
tell us what a wonderful mouser he, she, or
it was, and just as as he was speaking a
couple of mice scurried past, and Tabby
never blinked an eye. Of course, we started
to give Dave the laugh, but he saved the
situation by indignantly asserting ‘‘That’s
all right. Them was Third Block mice.
But just let a strange mouse show it’s nose
over here, and see what happens!”’

Did you ever stop to think that the only
living thing that uses tobacco, other than
man, is a large green worm, and the worm
doesn’t know any better.

A chap sent for us the other day to ask
our advice about some pills the Doctor had
given him. It seems that it said on the box
“Take one pill three times a day,’” and the
poor fellow had taken it literally, and was
anxious to know what he could do to be sure
of getting them back again for a second and
third taking, we could only advise a string
tied to them, and retire.

When we think of the trouble money can
get you into, we sigh deeply; but when we
think of the trouble it can get you out of,
no mere sigh can do justice to our feelings.
