---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_148.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

On Saturday last a gentleman of theolden
days, who heard that things were being done
differently within these walls from the way
in which similar things were done in the
days of his youth, sought the opportunity
to pay us a visit, and on being admitted
within the gate' by the courtesy of our
Warden, he at once thought that he had ar-
rived at the wrong establishment.

The President of our Club, who had
gathered about him several friends, came to
witmess our Saturday festivities, took the
gentleman in hand and assured him that this
was not a military cantonment, although
‘the Parade was just about to pass. The
remarkable precision on the part of all the
men on parade caused many pleasant com-
ments, from those gathered about the
President while he was reviewing the pro-
cession. The Band ‘‘did itself proud’ by
playing the latest patriotic and popular hits
in passing.

The freedom of the yard was a great sur-
prise to our friend, who noticed how remark-
ably every man behaved, each having his
particular interest or pastime which absorb-
ed his whole attention, there being very evi-
dently no feeling of suppressing supervisiocn
and on the contrary everything conducive to
enjoyment. Many men were interested in
the Ball Game which on several occasions
became quite thrilling; our. friend was par-
ticularly pleased to see that the older men,
near his own time of life were well provided
for on the Croquet Grounds, and when he
learned that this particular pleasure was af-
forded them daily he thought it was ‘‘just
great.”” The Band Concert and the render-
ings of the Orchestra led by ‘‘Dutch’’ (not
German), were quiet pleasing. In many
quite corners were to be seen Chess and
Checker Champions. Again our friend noted
the appreciation displayed by men who en-
joyed the use of the Open Air Library.

Our visitor felt as did all of us, when the
Bugle sounded for the return to our quarters
that the pleasant afternoon had passed all
too quickly.

In passing toward the gate he was told of
the wonderful work done by the Inmates of
the Second Block in knitting sweaters and
that they were continuing in that estimable
work.

He departed feeling that he had spent a
most profitable afternoon having found an
object lesson not to be learned from books

but well worthy of study, as attaining to--

ward the uplift of character.
September 7, 1918.
The regular meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was called to order by its Chairman
B 8436, on the 7th of September 1918, at 9
a. m,

The minutes of the preceeding meeting,
August 27, 1918, were read and approved.

There were five members present, one
absent.

The Secretary then read the report of the
Representative Delegates, and upon motion
the report was accepted.

Application for membership of B 9315 was
received and approved-

The following communications were re-
ceived during the week: From B 6042,
requesting a loan, so as to enable
him to retain an attorney to present his case
before the Board of Pardons. After discus-
sion the President agreed to take up this
matter and do what he could for this man.

From B 8820, requesting a loan of $6.00 on
his release for necessary expenses. After
discussion the loan was refused and the Sec-
retary instructed to write a letter to Mr.
Votaw.

From B 6788, requesting a loan of $5.00 on
his release to be used for necessary expenses-
A fter discussion the loan was refused, and
the Secretary was instructed to wrile a
letter to Mr. Votaw.

From B 7970, requesting a loan of $5.00 on
his release, for necessary expenses. Upon
motion the request was laid on the table.

Upon motion duly made and seconded
B 9129 was removed as Delegate of the 5th
Block, for neglect of duty and violation of
H. F. C. rules.

On motion duly made and seconded War
Saving Stamps purchased by the H. F. C.
are to be converted into Liberty Bonds on
the Fourth Loan.

On motion made and seconded, the Secre-
tary was instructed to write a letter of
thanks to Overseer Sullivan for having had
the H. F. C. flags washed and for other cour-
tesies extended the H. F. C.

After discussion it was agreed that the
Military men be given the preference of
leading the Parade on Saturday afternoons.

On motion made and seconded all men
physically able will hereafter be compelled
to enter the military service or be denied the,
Privelege of the yard, except under charge
of an Overseer. :

After discussion and on motion made and
seconded, all entertainments both in the
Yard and in the Assembly Room will be held
under the auspices of the H. F. C and the
discipline maintained by the delegates of the
15k 1 (6

On motion duly made and seconded the
President was requested to place before the
Board of Inspectors the matter of the
erasure of the H. F. C. monogram from the
paddles of certain members.

Receipts for the week ending September
7th were as follows:

Circulating Library Sales $4.75
Sale of paper 67.00
Disbursments for week ending September

7th were as follows: W. 5. 5.
To B 7978, (For beaded necklaces)

$1.00
$13.00

To B 7648, (For paint used Curtain in H.F.C.
Assembly room) T
For War Chest 10.00

Century Flower Shop(Floral Designs) 20.00
H. H. Battles (Floral Designs) $20.00
To A 8432 (Refund for cigars for Labor day
Events) 1.50
To B 8974 (Commission on paper) 6.70
To F. C. Kenyon (100 feet Cotton Rope for

curtain) .50
To Henry M. Taws (Water Color Paints for
Curtain) 2.03
To B 8380 (For Daisy Chains) 2.00
To John P. Horlacher (Taxi Service) .50

To W. S. Rodenbough (For Engraving) 6.25

To H. A. Weymann & Son (For strings for

Orchestra) 8.00
B 9017 Secretary

OUR PRIVATE COMMUNIQUE

We present the following with the remark
that the writer, who enjoys the best wishes of
us all—seems to have a perfect passion for
Boch equipment, and the German army—
what’s left of it—will be going home in a
barrel before the winter’s over, if it sticks
around where he is. Editor.

Somewhere in France August, 14, 1918.

Dear Brother:=—

Well, we have had a chance
to see over in the Germanh lines as we have
advanced considerably. We have souvenirs
galore, enclosed you will find the epaulets of
a Boches coat. Will send you a German fa-
tigue cap as soon as 1 get a chance. The
sights I have seen on this trip are worse
than any I have seen so far. The prettiest
sight T have ever seen was a barrage at
dawn. Tell Anna we saw a German battery
abandoned in haste. All the guns are named
and one was named Anna, another named
Elsie. We have been quite busy and have
had not much time to write. Tell the Editor
of the UMPIRE I asked for him. These ep-
aulets were not bought by me but taken
right out of German trenches by myself.
Received more papers from you, thanks.
The write up in the UMPIRE ' was fine. Give
the boss, an epaulet with my compliments.
The one with the white edging around it
came off a dead German, so give this one to
the boss. Tell the boss, and all the men
around the place I was asking for them, I
am in good health right now. Well be good,
and everything is going fine herenow. They
are staggering the Boches with offensives
right now. The only reasons for the lapse
in my correspondence is lack of opportunity,
because of moving, or unsettled conditions.

Sincerely Your Brother

Frank M. TEES
