---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_149.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia September 18th. 1918

NO. 37

HOME RUNS

The Officers who acted as Registrars for
the Institution on Thursday last, were en-
tertained at a ‘‘banquet’’ on the 2d Block,
which, to judge by the menu, would have
meant more to us than the thanks of Con-
gress. Mr. Clarence Kratz, made an ex-
cellent toast-master, and is said tohave been
really witty in the clinches.

Just to show what good food—and grape-
juice (?)—will do, Mr. Crawford, seated near
““Bill’’ Bailey, asked, as he deftly abstract-
ed his neighbor’s ice ‘‘If I should be ‘‘pinch-
ed’”’ for this, would it be for larceny by
Bailey?’’ Eh, what!

Two new—and additional—boilers, and a
blower are being installed in the fire-room,
and thus our fear that the coming winter
may be what is popularly known as a ‘‘hard”’
one, is a bit mitigated; for who cares so
long as there’s steam in the radiator?

Somebody—we suspicion Doug’, who
claims to have lost an open-face shirt in the
calamity—must have left a match in their
shirt-pocket, or why else should the 2d Block
laundry have taken fire on an eveuing of
last week to the eternal detriment of the
interior, and roof thereof? The loss wasn’t
great, and the danger still less, but the re-
markable thing was that so small a precent-
age of the inmates should know of it until
the morrow, altho city fire-engines were
called in to help the local ‘‘fire-laddies’” in
the extinguishing.

Sergeant ‘“‘Jimmy’’ Johnson, once of the
E. S. P, now of the U. S. Army, dropt in
from Camp Meade, on Saturday, and swapp-
ed experiences with his one-time
workers. Jimmy, in a pessimistic moment,
stated that unless the War Departnent re-
lented pretty soon, he would probably be
a general before he got to Germany.

Messrs Clair Reynolds, Thos L. Kisler,
Wilbur Hitcheock, U.S. Navy, and Earl
Hitchcock, U.S. Army, were Sunday visitors
to the Institution, being shown the midway,
ete, by the versatile Overseer of the First
Block. ‘“Dal’’ ought to start a sight seeing
Bus his efficiency as a guide warrants it.

fellow-.

A GOOD PLAN

The Brooklyn Daily FEagle, setting forth
the results of a recent interview with the
head of New York City’s Corrections De-
partment, Hon. Burdette G. Lewis, and
Miss Katharine B. Davis, Chairman of the
Parole Commission, quite correctly sums up
the situation when it quotes Dr. Davis as
saying: X

“‘Personally I should very much like to
see the law and the Army Regulations mode-
ified so that men of suitable age who can
pass the physical examinations and whose
character is such, in spite of their crimes,
that they are not likely to bring disgrace
upon the uniform, should be allowed to serve.

““ Would there be any possible way of
framing a law so that as applied to men now
serving terms only such would be considered
as could present a certificate from the War-
den, resident physician, or other heads of
institutions, stating that from their exper-
ience with the man his moral character was
such as not to make it likely that he would
disgrace the uniform? If the government
would receive them they could enlist in sep-
arate companies under their own officers
who know them and how to handle them™**
A law could be framed permitting the var-
ious penal institutions of the country to fur-
nish one or more companies, and these could
be made into a regiment. This would avoid
the difficulty of associating prisoners with
other soldiers. Strict dicipline could be en-
forced by officers who are familiar with that
kind of man. Give the regimenta fancy
name (as the Russian women have done in
the ‘Command of Death’) like the ‘Legion
of Redemption’—prisoners are sentimental
creatures. This would appeal to them and
they would volunteer, I believe. The well-
known French ‘Legion’ has always been
largely recruited with men ‘with a past.’
I understand they are now distinguishing

themselves at the front.”’
Shorn of any sentimentality, but based

wholly upon a love of country and devotion
to their flag, the intelligent, patriotic pris—
oner needs no further incentive than the op-
portunity to see service ur.der his flag. He
needs and will gladly welcome an opportun-
ity to serve his country and in that service
seek redemption, vindication, and death if
need be to atone for his mistakes of the past.
He patiently and hopefully scans the horizon
of bars and walls for the opportunity. A

American losses to date: Killed, 11,041;
wounded, 18,634; missing andprisoners’ 4,135;
total , 33, 800. These are the dollar-a-day
patriots.

OVER THE WALL

War has broughtabout a reduction of about
40% in the prison population of Pa. says Brom-
ley Wharton, in a report to the State Boapd
of Public Charities. In a number of Counties
prisoners are being employed in cleaning
court-houses, and similar work, and in others
are employed in farming, and roadmaking
etec. Do we “‘ also serve, who only standand
wait?’’

% %
S

Prisoners awaiting trial, and those convict-
ed of misdemeanors, as wellas inmates of
reformatories, jails, and asylums, other than
felons, will be treated by the draft boards as
absentees, says Gen. Crowder. Absent in
body only, not in spirit.

&

*
%

Number of men registered in State on
Thursday last is estimated at 1,145,000 while
the total for the country will approximate
14,000,000. will Berlin and Vienna papers
please copy?

*
® *

Pershing starts his ‘“ drive ’’ with First
American Army, and wins splendid victory,
wiping out the St. Mihiel salient, releasing
some 250 sq.miles of French territory from
the Hun, taking in excess 0£20,000 prisoners,
and many guns. We advance to German
border, and Metz is within range of our big
guns. We’'re off. ;

*k = *

President Wilson orders Bridgeport strik-
ers to return to work, or be barred from
all employment for the duration of the war,
and refused industrial exemption. These are
the dollar-an-hour patriots.

* X %

Philadelphia Shipyardsneed thousandsof men
says Schwab. Hog Island will soon be turn-
ing out two ships a week, andit is expected to
increase the output tothree. And did you say
you needed help, Mr. Schwab?

* *
*

Goverment agents report a probable sav-
ing of 413,000 barrels of gasoline thru the
general observance of autoless Sunday. Doc’
claims to have saved a barrel of this.

* *
*

Government’s war expenditures in August
breaks all monthly records by more than
$100,000,000., amounting to $1,764,000,000, or
an average of nearly $60,000,000 a day. On
one day, August 29th, $176,000,000 was paid
out. This leaves us, with a modest expen-
diture of 67 cents during the same period
looking like a piker.
