---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_150.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

—_——_—__——_—_—__—_—__——:—

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary. Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, September 18th. 1918.

WHAT NEXT?

Well, we’re registered now, and the ques-
tion naturally arises, what do we do next?

Get ready to go and fight? He would be
of sanguine temperment indeed, who would
look forward to this, for to expect a gener-
al jail delivery for any such purpose is the
purest folly: Uncle Sam hasn’t arrived at
such straits yet, and isn’t likely to; de-
sirable as such might be our viewpoint. The
prejudice against us as a class, on the part
of the morally healthy is much too strong to
be overcome in a day, however great may
seem to be the emergency, and we must
reconcile ourselves to slipping into the ser-
vice individually, as we are released, and
give up the dream of enlistment as a body.

But our chances of being permitted to
serve in the ranks of labor are most decid-
edly better, anditis tothe attainment of such
goal as this that we had best devote our ef-
forts, instead of straining after the unattain-
able. The labor army is just as important
to the country as the fighting army, and we
would be rendering no lesser service with
hammer, or shovel, then with rifle, or gren-
ade. While the possibilities of regeneration
for ourselves are rather the greater; for it
isn’t so much the fighting habit we need to
acquire, it’s the working habit, which is to so
large a percentage of our number a total
stranger, in some instances about as wel-
come as a mad-dog.

It is impossible for the student of history
to forget that it was the Civil War that was
largely responsible for the letting loose of a
flood of tramps upon the country. Thou-
sands of young men becoming enamored of
a life of hardship and adventure during their
years in the army, declined to settle down to
the dull routine of civil life, and took to the
road instead; and history has the well-known
habit of repeating itself. The soldier life

may be harmful as well as benificial; it de-
pends entirely upon the individual, and the_
spirit of adventure thus roused, may o’er-
master the spirit of discipline, and our last
state, be literally worse than our first.

But the man going forth from here to a
life of disciplined labor, well-paid for his ef-
forts, sustained by the knowledge that he is
of vast importance in his little world, a re-
turn to idleness made impossible by his be-
ing subject to an almost military discipline,
and a governmental control which says that
he shall work, or somebody will know the
reason why, that man has every chance of
making good. He couldn’t lose out if he
tried, With his old and treacherous friend
J. Barleycorn, practically sure of elimina-
tion in the very near future, which makes
him doubly safe, and absolutely no place to
run to, what the deuce is there left to do but
either stay on the job, and get the work
habit, beyond the possibility of a cure, or
come back to Camp McKenty for an indefin-
ite stay, and we’re afraid we couldn’t guar-
antee a welcome in such a case. He would
be foolish, indeed, who would throw away so
splendid an opportunity of rehabilitation,
and the winning to an honorable position in
life, and to every man who registered last
Thursday, we would say, better use every
endeavor to get next to a real job, for there
lies vour best chance of service, and your
real opportunity.

HONOR AND FRIENDSHIP CLUB
The Kiddies Christmas Fund

For the information of those who are not
familiar with the time honored custom of
the H. F. C., it might be well to give
some of the details and purposes of this
Fund. The Officers of the Club call upon all
members who can afford to do so to contrib-
ute what they can, any amount being accept-
able from 5 cents to $ 1.00. The purpose isto
see that the children of our less fortunate
fellows do not suffer for the .very necessi-
ties of life, while their natural bread winner
is lost to them; that they are provided with
warm clothing for the winter; and that some
specific brightness is brought into their lives
on that Day of Days when it is the child’s
inalienable right to be happy.

More particularly this year when hardships
are greater than usual and bare necessities
are more scant your aid is needed, and it is
thought wise to devote the use of the fund
more particularly to articles of distinctively
useful nature.

1t is pleasing to be able to state that a sum
exceeding$100.00 remains from last year, and
as this fund may be usedfor no otherpurpose
than for the kiddies, this will be added to the
contributions of this year, when, as no man
needs to be told, bareliving is a hardship.

The first contribution will be asked on Sep-
tember 16 th, when the customary coupons

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the wvarious
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 *E.D.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS
Entered during week ending Aug. 29 3
Released *f ¢ i & ¢ 13
Died 1
Prison population 5 SE-S1 370
Latest serial Number ‘*B 9345

6

Do your level best, men,
when the appeal is made, for though youhave
many other calls, think of each little one,
who might not otherwise be able to have any
joy at Christmas, with a smile upon his or
her face, brought there through the means
you have assisted in providing.

THE FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN

will be giving out.

The campaign for the Fourth Liberty Loan,
to bear 4% per cent. interest, begins Sept-
ember 28, and closes October 19. The result
of the loan will be watched with keen interest
in Europe, not only by our Allies in the war
against the Teutonic powers, but by our
enemies. It will be regarded by them as a
measure of the American people’s support of
the war. The Germans know full well the
tremendous weight and significance of popu-
lar support of the war by the people at home
backing up the army in the field. As the
loan succeeds, our enemies will sorrow; as it
falls short, they will rejoice. Every dollar
subscribed will belp and encourage the Amer-
ican soldiers, and hurt and depress the en-
emies of America. ;

The loan will be a test of the loyalty and
willingness of the people of the United States
to make sacrifices compared with the willing-
ness of our soldiers to do their part. There
must be and will be no failure by the people
to measure up to the courage and devotion
of our men in Europe. Many of them have
givenup theirlives; shall we athome withhcld
our money? Shall we spare our dollars,
while they spare not their very lives?

The Fourth Liberty Loan will probably be
for about $5,000,000,000 and it will be follow-
ed in Januaay or February by another cam-

paign for a similar amount, while in May or
June the Sixth Loan for another $5,000,000,

000 or more will be offered.
