---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_151.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

HITS OR FOULS

It is said that nothing is impossible under
the sun, but how about taking a moving-

picture of ‘‘Sleepy?’’

That grammar as locally taught sometimes
produces some fearful and wonderful results
is evidenced by the following; vouched for
by an inmate tearher.

Teacher—‘“What are the principal parts
of a sentence?”’

Pupil—‘‘Maximum and minimum.”’

Too many of our number ask, “Is life
worth living?’’ When it would be better to
ask, ““Am I worthy cf living, and if not,
why not?’’

And when is a job, not a job? When the
Hon ‘‘Bob’’’comes around is Abe’s answer
to the above conundrum.

i charactér is what you are, then reputa-
tion must be what you’re caught at.

““Hank,’’ sternly demanded Gus of his
parther, ‘‘did you eat any of those ginger-
cakes I left in the cup-board?’’

‘I never touched one.’’ declared the vir-
tuour ‘‘Hank.”’

““Well, there was three there, and now
there’s only one.”’

““That was the one Ididn’t touch.’’ deposed
‘““Hank’’ as he oozed rapidly out the cell-
door.

Some of us grow wiser as we grow older,
and some of us—just grow older.

The Colonel, and his Aid, had their pict-
ures taken the other day, and it is said that
they look natural all but the face.

L]

A vistor the other day in trying to be
sympathetic assured us that we must take
things as they come in this world, and we
didn’t have the heart to tell her that was
why we got ‘‘pinched.’’

Jack—““Don’t you wish you could live

your life over again?’’
Harry— ‘‘Well, I should say not! I goout

next week.”’

Is the Second Block so unprogressive as
to let slip this splendid opportunity for a
““fire-sale?’’

The Third Block had a Thomas cat,

It warbled like Caruso.

Till someone swung a base-ball bat,

“And now it doesn’t do so.

THE QUESTIONAIRE

Oh, answer promptly, and with care,
Those queries in your Questionaire;
If you’r divorced, or single, tell,
Or when they tolled the marriage bell;
Your, age, condition, name, and race,
Name, and each freckle on your face;
If blind or knock-kneed, dark or fair,
Tell ’em in your Questionaire.

If you’ve had wives, then just how many?
If not, why haven’t you had any?

Did you live with—and on—your pa, or ma?
Or did you bunk with father-in-law?

What color hair, or have you any?
And whats your income to the penny?

What is your fightin’ weight? Take care,
To tell ’em in your Questionaire.

Wast born in the U. S. A.?
Where did you come from anyway?
Where did you work these twelve months

past?

Was that your first ‘‘bit’’ or your last?
Didst quit your job, or it quit you?

And—just how much of this is true?
Are you a man who’d take a dare?

Then tell ’em in your Questionaire.

What is your favorite style of fightin’?
Gougin’, like the Boche, an’ bitin’?

And now you’re in the E. S. P.,
Oh, say what might the matter be?

Make Uncle Sam so much the wiser,
He’ll maybe let you fight the Kaiser,

When you have answered with due care,
Those queries in your Questionaire.

22

You must admit that ‘* Wingie ’’ is some
Instructor, to take an awkward squad of new
recruits, and in a few days whip them inte
such shape as to carry off second honors in
a competition. The rest of the Captains are
still wondering how. he did it, and hinting at
intimidation, but could a guy with but one
wing intimidate six husky Judges? if he could
he deserves more than a cigar, he deserves
a Pardon.

The Red Cromt a Christmas
““drive’” with the object of enrolling every
American man, woman, and child, as a mem-
ber of that organization. We’re willing, but
we wish the Army would start something
similar.

AnAmericanpatrol outin ‘“NoMan’s Land”’
becomes lost, znd picks up thirty Boche pris-
oners init’s wanderings before reachinghome,
Our advice to Pershing would be to lose an
army and see what they’d bring home with
them.

August was a hard month on the aviators.
The Allies claim a bag of 1061 German planes;
while the Germans tho making no general re-
port, claim 240 Britisk planes accounted fer;
the British admitting a loss of 218. Life has
it’s ups and downs with the aviator, as with
us.

WITH FIFE AND DRUM

The ‘“Volunteers’’ paid such tribute as was
possible to the heroic soul of France, on La-
fayette Day, by a short Parade, and salute
to the Tricolor. The column moved frem
Headquarters to the Garage Grounds, shortly
after one o’clock, and there formed a hollow
square facing the Colors of France, and the
United States, all standing at ‘‘Attention’’
while the Band played the National Anthem.

In the absence of the Commander-in-chief,
Deputy-warden -and Brigadier-General-R.L.
Myers, reviewed the marchers, and voted it

well done.
*

And it was while* pass?ng the Reviewing
Stand, that a newly entered recruit in the
awkward squad whose ideas as to the identity
of Lafayette were apparently abithazy, was
overheard to remark to his neighbor, ‘‘Gee;
is that Lafayette? He don’t look a bit like
his pictures, does he?;’

It was on the folik_owing Saturday morning,
that Colonel ‘‘Jake’’ paraded the Volunteers
for the edification of the Rev. Father O’Shea,
the local Catholic Chaplain, and a brother
priest, who had expressed a desire to see the
‘“troops’’ in action. The various companies
were put thru their paces for the visitor’s
benefit, and acquitted themselves so well as
to win merited applause from the reviewing
body. The Fathers said that it was a splen-
did innovation in the life of the E.S.P. and
one calculated to do an immense amount of
good.

*
The ceremony of*Prese;tation of the colors
was held Monday morning in the presence of
the entire regiment, when the fine American
Flag purchased thru the generosity of ihe
body of the Volunteers was formally present-
ed to the regiment, and accepted by the Col-
onel. It is a beautiful banner, 6x10 feet in
size, with staff and eagle complete, ard tke
Regiment is justly groud*of it

The Colonel has appo;‘nted an Entertainment
Committee, in the persons of Jerry, Barring-
ton and Garnette, whose onerous duties shall
consist of providing the best possible amuse
mant feature for holidays, and field-days of
the “‘troops’’. Their already signal success
alongsuch lines while still in an unofficial ca-
pacity, should be sufficient guarantee of a
continuing reign of*jollity.

4 *

Our one great need iks now a drum, thatwe
may complete our fife-and-drvm ccrps, ard
so leave the Band untroubled with it’s paci-
fist ideals. We have the drummer, but the
drum is lacking. Any local, or outgcide phil-
anthropist reading this, whose heart is inthe

“cause of preparedness, could greatly helpus

prepare for that eventual day of service we
hope to see, by helping us to the possessicn
of a drum, not a largedrum we believesnare-
drum to be the proper title- buta drum, a
litte drum.
