---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_152.jpg
---
4

——————————————— T

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. W. L. Pet.
Printers 46 16 742 Yankees 23 40 365
Cubs 4220 E G T Athletics 13 48 213

e — —

________________.__——-————K———'
HONOR CLUB NOTES

The are times and seasons in the lives of
clubs or any other organizations in which
men gather themselves together, as in the
lives of men, when it is wise to consider our
reason for being in existence and the ap-
proach of the Autumn with it’s preparation
for a change of plan from that suited to out-
door attractions to that providing for in-door
entertainment calls us to a sort of mental
stock-taking.

The object of the Ionor and Friendship
Club is already stated when the title is men-
tioned, but to the men who are continually
being added to our number, in order that
such friendship may be created as will assist
in the promotion of the spirit of honor, it is
essentially the desire of the Club to extend a
most hearty welcome, a man to man welcome
which will direct the attention of the newly
arrived to those things which will be the
greatest advantage to him, in his progress
amongst his fellowmen, for it is at this period
when man feels the need of readjustment of
his whole self that he appreciates also the
need of human fellowship.

It is therefore our sincere purpose to ex-
tend the hand of welcome to each new arri-
val and to help him, as far as lies in our
power to make his new start in life, which
is the object of his being here.

The heavens have surely shown favor to
the H. F. C in providing wonderful weather
every Saturday afternoon throughout the
summer, to which rule last Saturday was no
exception. The great attraction was the
Minstrel Show, about which the men gather-
ed thicker than bees in a bee-hive. Amongst
the many numbers on an interesting program
there rang into our heart several old time
songs, such as, ¢‘Till the Sands of the Desert
Grow Cold,’”’ ““‘Somewhere a Voice is Calling’’
and ‘‘Dixie Volunteers.’’

Music was in the air, from the Band to the
lonely Accordian in the ‘‘Italian Quarter.”’

All the games were proceeding as usual.

The regular meeting of the Board of Dele-
gates was held this afternoon at 1 p. m.
The Vice-President, A 8432, occupied the
chair.

Roll Call showed 28 Delegates present and
one absent.

The minutes of the previous meetings were
read and approved.

The Report of the Board of Governors was
read.

The Report of the Treasurer was read,
showing a balance in the Club’s Treasurer of
$92 12, and the same on motion approved.

The Report of the Representative Dele-

THE UMPIRE

gates was read and approved.

Applications for membership were pre-
sented and on motion accepted, B 9006, B
9182, B 9319, B 9320, 9322, B 9324, B 9326, B
9327, B 9328, B 9329, B 9332, B 9333-50c. B
9334, B 9345.

Moved and Seconded that B 8384 and B
8318, delegates of the 5th Block, be given a
rising vote of welcome, as new delegates.
Receipts for the week ending September
14th, 1918 were as follows:

Circulating Library Sales $5.25

From Mrs. Keene for sale of articles

1.50

Donations to H.F.C. .50
Disbursements for the week ending Septem-
ber 14th, 1918 were as follows:

John McBoyle (For pulleys for assembly

hall) 1.00
To the Thos. Price Co. (For stationery)
5.83

Philadelphia, Pa.,
September 9, 1918
The Honor and Friendship Club,
Eastesn State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia, Pa.,
Gentlemen:—

I desire to express to you my
appreciation of your kind gift, Permit me to
assure you that it is with reluctance that I
accept it. I have always felt the desire to
render any service within my power to the
Honor and Friendship Club, and it gives me
pleasure to watch your development and
growth along the lines of usefulness, which
you have undertaken to accomplish.

With best wishes for your success,

{ am, Sincerely Yours,

BART. J. SULLIVAN.

"MAKE GOOD FIGHTERS

In a recent and widely copied newspaper
article prisoners were held to be disqualified
as fighters by reason of their lack of courage.

«‘The German Army would like nothing
better than to face regiments of convicts,”’
was the conclusion reached in the article.

The following figures cover the record of
7,000 men released from English prisons to
fight for their country:

Killed In Action 550
Died of wounds 49
Died of Sickness 31

More or less Seriously Wounded 1,350 -
Awarded Distinguished Conduct Medals

25
Mentioned In Dispatches 20
Commissioned 8
Awarded the Victoria Cross 3

: (The highest honor England can confer
on her soldiers and sailors.)

A total of 593 menregistered on Thursday,
not a ‘‘conscientious objector’” among them.
every man ready to ‘‘work or fight.”’

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (%)

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. *¥

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8939,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-
hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for
50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack, cost $1.50; price
50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.

FOR SALE—Addolorata
tion necklace different colors,
designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tables, jewel-
boxes, trays, clamps etc. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.
Typewriting. Composition if desired, reason-
able rate, B 9091, 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Complete set of silver tools
and 1 pound of silver, ery reasonable. B 7722
11th Block.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting

of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms,
birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.756 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00
B 3079, 1st Block.

LOST—On Croquet Ground July 2nd. a pair
of Spectacles. Will finder please return to
B8068, 5th. Gallery.

FOR SALE—One Ladies size Guitar.
reasonable. B5949, 12th.-2 Gallery.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.
All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes,
Tables, ete. reasonable. 9005, Tth Gallery,
FOR SALE—Victor Machine No 4 brand,
new and a few new records. $10°00 B 9041 11B
Birds For Sale—male and female also cages.
B 9070 7th Block. ;
Performers Wanted. Dancers, Singers,
etc., who would like to help entertain their
fellows. Please see B 9131 118

Roman Recep-
beautifully

Price

Prices reason-

