---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_153.jpg
---
o e ) 0 ol

VOL. V

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia September 25th. 1918

NO. 38

THEE. S. P. BREAKS A RECORD

A majority of the Inmates of the E. S. P.
are bankrupt today yet never felt better in
their lives, for they have learned the joy
that lies in giving; the pleasures of sacri-
fice, and one that can extend more real happi-
ness from doing the unselfish thing than most
people exist. We would like to shoulder a
gun and fight for our country; we would like
equally well to work for it, but as it seems
that we can do neither as yet, we are trying
to do what we can while we await that long
delayed chance for real service.

We have bought Bonds and Stamps, given
liberally to Red Cross; Y. M. C. A; Boy
Scouts, and nearly $4000. to the War Chest.
We have rolled bandages, picked oakum
knitted socks, ete., tried in many ways to
serve, but it remained for us to cap the cli-
max of our giving, and establish, so far as
we are aware, a precedent for the other In-
stitutions of like character, by our deed of
Saturday last, when we gave in less than
three hours the sum of $1600 for the pur-
chase of an Ambulance and equipment, as
our gift to the boys who fight our battles;
and we liked the doing of it so well, that
after we get our financial breath back we’re
likely to give another.

We don’t know in whose brain the idea
originated; perhaps it just grew, but when
‘“Col. Jake,”” B 9131 put the matter up to
Warden Robert J. McKenty on a day last
week, he gave it his heartiest approval and
support and told Jake to go ahead, and do
his best or ‘“‘worst.’’ It was decided tlatit
should be given the most representative
character, and a Committee of Seventeen,
one man from each Block and Gallery was
selected to manage it.

Committee
B 9131 Chairman

1st Block B 5336
Sl BRH0
4Ehe s B 8232
BEh> B 8875
6th " B 4853
Tth-e% B 1381
SEhiees B 7664
9th - > B 5023
10th °’ B 8802
Hikthe"" B 7307
i2thy 1’ ‘ B 7039
12th 1st Gallery BEAT3
12th 2nd £ B 8662
4th & B 7471
5th 4 B 8266
6th R B 5165
Tth e B 5088

The ladies of the Second Block were given
the first chance at the Collection Plate, and
responded magnificently. If the whole In-
stitution had done as well, we could have
bought five Ambulances. Jake went over
prepared to talk, but the Warden had no
more than explained the purpose of their
coming when someone said ‘“‘Twenty-five
dollars’’ ina loud tone of voice, and leftJake
speechless. They gave a total of $121.50, or
an average of more than five dollars each,
which goes far toward convincing us that
the female of the speciesis a better fighter
than the Male, else why so anxious to finance
a fight?

SEMPER FIDELIS

O ye who stand in the battle-line,
And hold the lists for France;
Whose blood the cannons drink like wine,
When the Stars and Stripes advance:
We do but reach you a helping hand,
But were we not by a custom banned,
We would give ourselves-and beside you
stand-
Instead of an Ambulance.

May brother, or son, or friend of ours,
Be glad of the thing we do;
Be spared by it all the bitter hours,
That wounded men live thru:
When the stricken field is a mumurous hell,
Of groans and curses, and prayers that tell,
Howmen by thousands there fought, and fell,
For a Cause that they held true.
Gladly we give, and gladly we’d die,
For the Flag on the fields of France;
And over the Rhine we would carry it high
To Berlin, had we but the chance.
But while we wait for the day to come,
Whenthey’llgive ushammer, orspadeorgun
And we’re working, or fighting to beat the
Hun,
We’ll give it an Ambulance.

Saturday was an ideal day, and the beauty,
and chivalry of the Institution were out in
force, Yes, the ladies were out, for the first
time in the Institutions history, and review-
ed the Parade. The feature was a tableau,
““The Spirit of ‘76,” which we hope to prove
to be the spirit of the E. S. P. if we’ve not
already proven it. B 8705 was the fifer, B
9108, our Youngest Inhabitant made a very
realistic Drummer Boy, and before he com-
pleted the second round could keep perfect
time with the Band.

The Parade over, Jake got right down to
business, and marshalling the assemblage on
the Garage grounds, mounted the rostrum,
and explained what we wished to do, and

why: then called on the Warden for a few
remarks, who responding spoke of how per-
sisently we had been misjudged by the out-
side public, and how splendidly we were
showing ourselves forth in our true colors,-
as really more patriotic than our critics,
and said that if everybody on the outside
did as well as we there would be no need of
money to win this war. He spoke of the
things we had already done and how sure he
was that we would make good in this our
latest effort, and then turned the meeting
overto Jake, who acted as‘‘call-boy’’ for the
dollars. He started the ball rolling with a
fifty dollar donation, and then put it up to
the men who answered to his call with such
effect that by half-past three o’clock it was
all over, and the Ambulance was ours.
Miss Elsie McKenty and Mrs. Haskell were on
the platform, attired as Red Cross Nurses,
while Mr. Carver made his appearance later
in the afternoon and watched the proceed-
ings for a while. Mr. Kraupa was present
and besides contributing himself, went around
and took up some fifteen or twenty dollars
on the outskirts of the crowd. Master
Arthur Jeffors, who accompanied him sang,
“Just a Baby’s Prayer at Twilight’’ for the
boys, and paid a dollar for the privilege.
Mrs. McKenty and Mrs. Haskell also graced
the platform for a time, while the Hon.
Rube was very much in evidence with a fist-
full of real money contributed by our friends.

Money poured steadily in at the rate of
about ten dollars a minute until about three
o’clock when the climax came. Jake an-
nounced that about four hundred dollars
were needed yet, and up spake Billy Gordon
B 7039, and ‘‘Hop’’ Detweiler B 8764, who
announced that they would give this sum
between them, and pandemonium broke loose.
Billy and ““Hop’’ were rushed to the plat-
form on the shoulders of their fellows, and
cheered to the echo, while Jake did his very
best to dance a pas seul on the platform.
It was suggested that it might be well to
buy an Emergency Kit to go with the Ambu-
lance and on Jake announcing that it would
cost Fifty Dollars, Bill Barnes B 7307 spoke
right up, and said ‘‘Buy it”’ just like that.

Then a Stretcher was suggested and
‘““Bobby’” Brown B 5023 gave another ten
dollars for this, thus justifying the earlier
assertion of the Warden that he might be
small in stature but he was at least ten feet
high in patriotie spirit. His total contribu-
tions were in excess of one hundred dollars,
and Bobby’s no millionaire at that.

To celebrate the triumphant closing of our

(Continued on page 4 )
