---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_154.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

ﬁ:ﬁ

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

‘Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, September 25th. 1918.

PREVENTIVE JUSTICE

It is contended by many that better treat-
ment of prisoners will increase the numbers
of “‘repeaters’” and that as soon as they are
released they will at once getbusyand break
in again; this contention is erroneous if one
considers the moral effect of kind treatment
as against cruelty and hate.

Most men who have slipped a cog in the
wheel of life, do so because of their ignor-
ance of the laws of life, not because they
choose the wrong deliberately; and it follows
that if men go wrong on account of ignorance
the best thing the State can do is to find
some way of teaching them better in-
stead of devoting so much attention to ‘‘re-
tributive justice.”” Frem an economic point
of view the State would be much the gainer
could it send men out of the Penitentiaries
with the knowledge that crime does not in-
jure society so much as it injures the crimi-
nal.

It takes time and a lot of patience to con-
vince a man that his conception of life is all
wrong even though the man has suffered
punishment for his mistakes; habits of
thought formed in a vicious environment are
hard to eradicate and it is impossible to in-
duce a man to think along lines of self-im-
provement so long as he thinks he is being
treated unjustly, even though he may be
perfectly conscious of his own short-comings.

This comment is prompted by the writers
observation of the great improvement in the
attitude of the men in this institution and
their tendency to regard life in a kindlier and
more optimistic spirit as a result of the re.
cent efforts on the part of the Prison Admin-
istration to make still better their conditions.

Friendliness and kindlinesshave apparently
found place in the hearts of all, and seem-
ingly all are agreed, that the world—and the
E. S. P.—is not such a bad place to live. in,
after all.

—B 9080

THE UMPIRE

CARRIER PIGEONS

Before the telegraph, the wireless and the
airplanes were invented the carrier pigeons
werevery valuable servantsin war time, when
they would carry messages of information
back to their home quarters on small pieces
of paper fastened under the wing or to its

feet.
The feet were then bathed in vinegar to

keep them cool, lest the bird should stop on
the way to bathe. When the pigeon was set
free, it rose high in the air, made oneor two
circular flights, and then darted off like an

" arrow in the proper direction.

They are known tohave covered athousand
miles and their wonderfulinstinct to findback
home at such a distance is yet an unexplain-
able mystery to science.

But there is one kind of Carrier pigeon,
generally known today as ‘‘stool pigeon”’,
that has neither feathers, wings nor beak,
that can earry information any distance de-
sired, and its feet need not be bathed in vine-
gar before starting it off; nor need risks be,
taken in fas#ening written messages to it;
it never fails to reach back home, and it has
a most wonderful power to change its coat
according to conditions, that its distinctive
mark as a ‘“Carrier’ need not be detected.

But the secret of this ‘‘birds’’ instinct has
long ago been unraveled, and found to lie in
the training received from the mother bird.

As it generally carriesbut messages of evil
and betrayals, it isa very unpopular bird, glu-
tinous, selfish, and most dangerous.

One finds it in theinstitutions for the deaf,
and for the blind, under the sacred roof of
a convent or church, among the gick and dy-
ing in hospitals; in homes for the aged, and
the poor, and in countless numbersin allwalks
of life, but in most cases one can avoid com-
ing in closer contact with it; but when such
a stool pigeon makes its nest in a penal insti-
tution, and there permitted to fly and carry
its messages of betrayal at will, then it is
time to hunt it down and exterminate it.

The owners of such birds are known as a
type of their own, and are generally disliked
by their neighbors, but as they have grown
into the habit to rely entirely upon inform-
ation brought them by their stool-pigeors,
they are more to be pitied than censured,

But it surely is an injustice to the noble
family of doves to have given these feather-
less “‘birds’’ of prey the name of a pigeon,
when they by right should have been classi-
fied with the rats and reptiles.

B.7,01

MAKING SCIENTIFIC FARMERS

Berkely, Cal. —The United States govern-
ment is doing the biggest piece of construc-
tive work in the nation at its military prison
at Leavenworth, Kan., was the declaration
made by August Vollmer, Police Chief of

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 PAME '

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending Aug. 29 26
Released ¢¢ &t = i < 11
Prison population & $4-S1 323
Latest serial Number & ‘B 9368

Berkley, who has just returned from a visit
to the institution.

Instead of the old system of confinement
for military prisoners Chief Vollmer says
Colonel Sedgwick Rice, the commandant,
has turned the 1,500 or more men out on 6,000
acres of land owned by the government and
is teaching them scientific farming and other
trades. ,

Doors on the cells of the military prison
know no locks. Good behavior and excellence
in work and drilling graduate the men from
the prison army into the regular army as
fast as they show their worth.

““The fact that there has never been a
single man who has returned to Leavenworth
after being sent out on this scheme of pro-
bation proves the worth of the honor system
as instituted by Colonel Rice,”” says Chief
Vollmer. ‘‘Men are taught seventy-five or
more trades, and those inclined are taught
scientific farming. Everything taught is by
the most modern methods.

““‘Some men are out in a few months after
they are sent to Leavenworth; others, of
course, stay for the whole of their term.
The men are divided into classes, segregated
according to their mental, physical and other
qualifications. A complete sociolegical and
psychiatric examination is conducted as soon
as a man is sentenced. Every possible bit
of information concerning his habits, life re-
latives, education, etec. is obtained.

‘“‘After this is all obtained and he is put
through the Binet-Simon test. he is classed
according to groups.’’

““Without doubt this is the biggest step
forward in criminological work in the United
States, and a move towards a sane and more
constructive way in handling men who come
within the clutches of the law.”’

' —The Inner Voice
