---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_155.jpg
---
. USeyw Y

HITS OR FOULS

Deeds, not words count in everything but
a telegram.

““I thought you were going to give up us-
ing tobacco?’’

“Why, SoI did. I’'m not using tobacco.
I’m only smoking a cigar that Stump gave
me.”’

If you do things for other people you’ll
respect yourself. If you do things for
yourself, other people will respeect you.
What’s the answer?

A scientific magazine informs us that
spiders are particularly fond of the culex
lectularii, better known locally as the fes-
tive b. b., and lose no opportunity to snare
and devour them. Any spider without a
home for the winter will find a welcome and
free quarters at C. 29, 5 G.

——

Retribution is something which we are
very sure is going to overtake the other
fellow-never ourselves.

It was one of our never Italian citizens,
who, when Registrar-for-the-day  Mr.
Butler asked him had he ever been natural-
ized, thought hard for a minute, and then
breaking into smiles, answered rapidly.

“‘Sure, Boss. I know whatta you mean.
Scratch-a-da arm. Doctor do eet when I
come een last-a week.”’

It was another Job’s comforter who tried
to cheer us up the other day by reminding us
of that old gag that adversity tries us, and
shows up our best qualities; and we had to
remind him, haughtily, that it wasn’t ad-
versity that tried us; it was a country judge,
and he showed up all our worst qualities.

Jimmy O-O was showing a disposition to
pick up that 3d Block cat by the tail.

““Mustn’t do that.’’” announced Nurse.

““W’y not?’’ says Jimmy, ‘‘will it come
oft?”’

Wish we could be as optimistic as the
Irishman who, when he was informed that he
had the gangrene, remarked, ‘‘Praise the
Lord it’s the right color, anyway.”’

A friend remarked to us the other day
that he was a great sufferer from dyspepsia,
and when we asked him why he didn’t take
something for it, he said it wasn’t he who
had it, it was his Overseer.

THE UMPIRE

IF

If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you;
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt
you,
But make allowance for their doubting
too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
Or being lied about, don’t deal in lies,
Or being hated, don’t give way to hating,
And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too
wise;

If you can dream-and not make dreams your
master;
If you can think-and not make thoughts
your aim,
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster
And treat those two impostors just the
same;
If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken
Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools
Or watch the things you gave your life for,
broken,
And stoop and build’em up with worn-out
tools;

If you can make one heap of all your winnings
And risk it on one game of pitch and toss,
And lose, and start again at yourbeginnings,
And never breathe aword aboutyourloss;
If you can force your heart and nerve and
sinew
To serve your turn long after they are
gone,
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
Except the Will which says to them ‘‘Hold
on!”’

If you can talk with crowds and keep your

virtue,
Or walk with Kings-nor lose the common
touch,
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt
you,
If all men count with you, but none too
much;
If you can fill the unforgiving minute
With sixty seconds’ worth of distance

run,
Yours is the earth and everything that’s in
it
And-which is more-you’ll be a man, my
son! s

By Rudyard Kipling
GOING DOWN!
There has been such a decrease in tbe pup-

ulation of the Kansas penitentiary that one
of the cell houses has been closed.

A number of the county jails of Maine
have so few prisoners that the commissioners
have seriously considered closing some of
them.

3

e —_ ST

PAY PRISONERS IN NEW JERSEY

Pending the adoption of permanent rules
andregulations governing the employment of
inmatesof the New Jersey State Prison onroad
work, the Dapartment of Charities and Cor-
rections has promulgated temporary sched-
ules for wage payments and parole merits.

Under this schedule chauffeurs, machine
men and mechanics will receive thirty cents
a day for their work and laborers fifteen or
twenty-five cents, according to their ratings.
All wage payments exceeding twenty-five
cents a day will be made only upon approva1
of the principal keeper.

The board requires that inmates for road
work must be carefully selected from Grade
A at the prison, aceording to mental and
physical conditions, record and conduct while
in theinstitution. Itis planned to make road
camp assignment a reward and to establish it
asapre-parole condition. A dailyrecord must
be kept of the effort, performance and con-
duct of each inmate, and promotion in grade
will be made only upon such record.

Deductions from mimimum and maximum
terms of sentences, as provided by the act of
this year will be based upon the actual con-
duct, effort and performance ratings estab-
lished by the board.

ONCE A CRIMINAL

According to the first annual report of the
Ohio State Board of Clemency, there have
been but 38 violators out of 745 men parocled
from the Ohio penitentiary. The police and
detective theory that ‘‘once a criminal always
a criminal,’’ seems to be knocked into a cock-
ed hat with good reports coming in frcm all
states where the parole law is effective,
which means that the average man will make
good.

HELPING TO WIN THE WAR

The state department of public welfare of
Illinois has paroled 1000 prisoners as a ‘‘win
the war’’ measure. They have been placed
in all classes of industrial labor, with the
majority on farms.

ATLANTA’S RECORD
Six Month’s Record

Third Liberty Loan, War Savings
And Thrift Stamps

SUBSCRIPTIONS -
January 1st to March 3lst...... - ...$5,388.90
April 1st to June 30th:—
OFFICERS
Thiedibiberty  Lioam s 2t it L $2,000.00
War Savings and Thrift Stamps-....1,107.50
ool ottt sy $3,107.50
PRISONERS
ThirdehibertySoan i meatnueti w $2,400. 00
War Saving and Thrift Stamgs......3,815.34
ROt alor ool e e Sl ar e $6,215. 34

GRAND TOTAL $14,711.74
