---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_157.jpg
---
e 0 ML il e i e e AR L
Pl 2 Wt K 3

THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia October 2nd. 1918

NO. 39

HOME RUNS

The regular base ball season of the E. S. P.
League wound up in a haze of coal-dust with
the Printers, and the Cubs running almost
neck and neck; and now these doughty war-
riors are contending in a series of seven
games for the championship of the coal-
bunkers. Two games have been played at
date of this writing, one resulting in a tie
while the other was won by the Printers by
a 7 to 2 score. Itisrumoredthatsnow-shoes
will be worn by the fielders of both teams
in the future, as two men were nearly lost in
a coal bunker during Friday’s game.

We beg to introduce to our fellow denizens
of the E. S. P. the following gentlemen who
have consented to keep watch and ward that
no impertinent mice or men disturb our
nightly slumbers: Messrs, Esher, Shields,
Regan, Mullin, Coward. Welcome to our
city, gentlemen, and don’t forget that the

watch-word is ‘*Step softly.’”’

The Institution sick-list at this writing
includes Messrs. Taylor, Yarnall, Redmond,
Hunsberger, Encklar, and Rutledge. We
wish all these gentlemen a sure recovery and
a speedy return, for like Coleridge, we like
best the ‘‘old familar faces,’”’ and find it
hard to reconcile ourselves to working over-
time to win an Overseer’s confidence only to
have him to get sick, or go off to war.

Little Jimmy O-O has left us, and the
place don’t seem the same lacking his child-
ish voice, and presence, reminiscent to so
many of the little one, or ones who await
their home-coming.

Men whose crimes have caused communit-
ties to shudder were the best of play-fellows
to him, for he played no favorites, and
thought no more of kicking the Hon. Bob on
the shins than he did of pulling the bair of
the least of us. To us, a prison of which we
would gladly be quit; to him, the E. S. P.
was but a huge play-house filled to overflow
with good playmates who could always be
relied upon from the Warden down, fo drop
whatever they might be doing, and harken
to his imperious demands, and it is our hope
that he who saw it, and the inhabitants
thereof, only with the innocent eyes of child-
hood, from which all dark and ugly things
are hidden, may never come to know it in all
it’s sad reality.

THE SONG SERVICE

The monthly service given on the centre
by the E.S.P. choir and orchestra onSunday
last was marked by several features of
unusual excellence; notably - the singing of
Mr. Wilbur Herwig, wlo intrccuvced Ly
Warden McKenty, as an artist of superior
ability, fully justified the Warden’s assertion
by his rendering of the hymns ‘‘Rock of
Ages.”” and ‘“‘Come Home.”’

Our own boys acquitted themselves very

well indeed as was evidenced by the hearty
applause that rewarded their efforts.

The regrettable defection—we could cheer-
fully use a harsher term—at the last moment
one of the two largest contributors to the
Awmbulance Fund left the Committee in some-
what of a hole on Thursday last, but matters
were soon righted, and a sum more than
large enough to cover the deficit made up in
less than fifteen minutes. ‘‘Hop’’ stood
‘‘pat’’ on his two hundred, and added another
ten dollars; Jake, who is so bravely ‘‘doing
it all gave a hundred; ‘‘Col’’ Jake put
twenty-five more in the pot; Bobby gave all
he had left, twenty-three dollars; Abe saw
his duty and did to the tune of twenty-five,
and the Committee soon had the satisfaction
of being able to announce that the crisis
was past, and the Ambulance safe. We
append a list of those who so gallantly step-
ped into the breach, and we unhesitatingly
name them as alike to Brutus, all honorable
men.

B 1381 $100.00 B 8550 $2.00 B 8810 $1.00

B 9131 25.00 B 8490 2.00 B 8468 1.00
B 9238 25.00 B 8483 1.00 B 8463 1.00
B 5023 23.00 B 9135 1.00 B 8521  1.00
B 5764 10.00 B 8498 1.00 B 7026 0.50
B 8186 5.00 B 8087 1.00 B 7314 0.50

LIBERTY BONDS.

Those having accounts at the Saving Fund,
who wish to subseribe for Liberty Bonds,
will please see the Chaplain bringing their
books.

Chaplain.

Among those who visited the H.F.C. dur-
ing the past week, was Mrs. B. K. Bartlett,
whose undeniable popularity amongst the
men makes it a point of interest to know
that she is again about to resume her self-
imposed duties of helpfulness for the coming

season. e
FINAL STANDING OF LFAGUE

SRR W Bl R Pt W= Pet.
Printers 46 16 742 Yankees 23 A0 B
Cubs 43 20 682 Athletics 1349 =91 ()

OVER THE WALL

Vaccination with a newly discovered serum
is said to be a an almost positive preventive
of pneumonia, which promises to lesson the
Spanish influenza scourge, which is now ra-
vaging the army encampments, by elimin-
ating the pneumonia end of it which has been
the cause of many deaths. Present Arms!
boys.

* o *

Fourth Liberty Loan campaign opens with
six billion dollars as the goal. Philadelphia’s
quota is $600,000,000, of which $33, 000,000
was subscribed on the firstday. Alaska was
the first to report it’s quota as having been
subscribed. We haven’t heard yet what
quota Miss Elsie has assigned us, but what-
ever it is we’ll meet it. ‘

* *
&

Bulgaria, her armies thoroly beaten on the
Macedonian front, asks an armistice, with
a view to negotiations for a separate peace.
The armistice is refused, and she is inform-
ed that she must entirely disassociate her-
self from the Central Powers before negoti-
ations can begin. Is this the ‘‘little rift
within the lute?’’ . '

% x *

Allied troops advance steadily on all Fronts,
with our boys doing their share. The Ameri-
can bag for the week totals up about ten
thousand prisoners, some hundred guns, and
about a hundred square miles of territory.
In the last offensive the Americans are re-
ported to have fought like wild cats. Just
such a fight as we would like to be in, and
still the Government insists on keeping it
private.

*
*

*
American losses to date: dead, 13,145;
wounded 20,913; prisoners and missing, 4,994;
total, 38,862
* *k
President Wilson names Saturday, October,
12, the four hundred and twenty-sixth an-
niversary of the discovery of America, as -
Liberty Day, and hopes that everybody will
celebrate it by buying a Bond. Do it, and
make Germany sorry Columbus ever tcok
that little trip.

% *
*

Gen. March, Chief of Staff, says that we
now have about 1,750,000 in France. 313,
000 were transported overseas during the
month of August. By next summer he hcpes
to have 4,800,000 in France, with a reserve
of a million at home, It will be ‘‘good night”’
for the Kaiser then’ particularly if we are
included in this total.
