---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_158.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

F

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery. )

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, October 2nd. 1918.

FROM THE NECK UP

From the neck down you are worth at the
present rate of wage of the unskilled laborer
the man who has nothing to sell but his
strength, the noble stipend of three dollars
per day; from the neck up your rating de-
pends entirely upon yourself, now and in the
future; you may be worth a million dollars a
year, or more, or you may be a liability, asat
present, with the State paying your board
bill.

We arrive here with one, or two, or ten or
more years of seclusion ahead of us, years
in which we might with a little expenditure
of time and energy make ourselves over to
our and our wife’s taste, and go out pre-
pared to startle the old folks at home by
proving the neighbors, who openly pessimis-
tic, opined that we were born to be hung,
all wrong; by making two dollars—honest
dollars—grow where but one grew before.
It can be done, for to know how is to do a
thing, and to unremittingly do it, is the
secret of all success, and here’s the place to
learn how, even tho it must be thru the me-
dium of a correspondence course. Time is
of absolutely no importance except to be rid
of, there are few distractions; you are not
called upon to pass upon the merits of the
newest burlesque, or musical comedy, you
don’t have to meet a fellow down-town every
evening, and inspect with him the pool-rooms
to see whether the balls are running right,
or the corner saloon in an earnest endeavor
to duplicate that dark-brown taste you had
enjoyed the previous morning.

But what do the most of us do? The lim-
its of the experiments of most seem to be an
earnest seeking after a new and quicker way
to roll a cigarette; do just enough work, if
you have a job, to get by; keep out of the
Hon. Bob’s way, when he’s out looking for
workmen, or get in the Warden’s way when
you think something is urgently needed. If
the Administration would only issue ham-

mocks we’d sure have the greatest bunch of
sailors in the Seven Seas. We forget en-
tirely the menace of the future, the task
that will be ours when for us the gates un-
close; and we live in a state of sweet-do-
nothing that so confirms us in our love of
idleness that when we do go forth to compete
with others in a bustling where only hustling
counts, we find ourselves quite unable to
keep up the pace, and find ourselves thinking
with regret of the peaceful shades of the E.
S. P; and how restful it is playing checkers
in the shade of the 12th Block, with abso-
lutely nothing to disturb one, except when
the Hon. Bob decides to move a stone-pile,
or something.

Here are both time and opportunity to de-
velope the best that isin you, and only a
relative few embrace it. It is the age of the
skilled laborer; the man who thinks while he
works, who has initiative, and isn’t afraid of
responsibility, and great is your reward if
you can measure up to such standard. Get
busy and develope that head-piece and in a
dozen years or so, you’ll be able to go to
Florida for the winter, instead of the House
of Correction, via a smashed window. No
thief, however skillful can ever hope to re-
alize as much money from the practice of his
“profession’” as is now, and for years will
be, the reward of the skilled workman; and it
lies entirely with yourself whether you will
be one, or no. You chiefly need stick-to-itiv-
ness, for the other things will come of them-
selves, it being possible to develope a flabby
brain, the same as flabby muscles are de-
veloped, by exercise. Pick some attractive
goal, and go after it with -a bull-dog deter-
mination which nothing ecan daunt; remove
the word ‘‘quit’’ from your bright lexicon of
youth, and in a score of years, or less, you’ll
rate yourself so valuable above neck that
nothing less than a silk-hat will seem an ap-
propriate head-piece.

WAR AND CRIME

A most remarkable phenomenon in con-
nection with the present world war is the
decided decrease in crime, evident in those
countries involved in the conflict. Some are
inclined to the opinion that the cause of the
decrease isdue to the fact that so many
young and able bodied are at the front. To
assume that is to cast a stigma upon the
flower and youth of American manhood. The
real cause is the psychological and temper-
amental nature of the youth of America.

Youth is ever inclined to adventure, risk
and romance, but especially so in the United
States. Where is the youth or boy with real
red blood in his veins who is not thrilled by
the works of Alexander Dumas, Sir Walter
Scott, Fenimore Cooper and other writers of
works of romance, chivalry and adventure?
The*American youth particularlyisinfluenced
towards a reckless and adventurous career,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the 'Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2. PeM.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

“POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending Sept. 26 5
Released *¢ S % 5 i 10
Prison population ' s 1378
Latest serial Number 4 ‘B 9373

both by hereditary and immediate pre-natal
influences. Many of the young men of
America and particularly those of Chicago
are descendants of parents migratory in
habits, having drifted here either from scme
eastern part of the country or from Europe
and hence their offsprings are of similar
disposition. ‘ ;

Of recent years all outlets for the exuber-
ant and healthy adventurer havebeen closed.
The west all settled and civilized and even
Alaska and the frozen region of gold seeking
and romance:—‘‘The last frontier’’, as Rex
Beach terms it, settled with cities and dotted
with scattered villages, there remained until
the outbreak of the war no vent for the pent
up energies of the venturesome American.
The voung American who as a boy ran away
to scalp Indians and was promptly brought
home from the suburbs by a policeman and
who in after life found an opportunity to ad-
vance civilization and at the same time in-
dulge his exuberant disposition in the then
undeveloped west as trapper, miner, pioneer,
scout,cowboy, ete. —finds his occupation gone.
Many finding no legitimate and legal mesans
of excitement become contaminated and in-
fluenced by vivid accounts ccntained in
yellow journals of railroad robbers and autc-
mobile bandits. Unaware of the misery
and humiliation entailed by a life of crime,
some attempted imitation of those of wkom
they read.

The outbreak of the war has provided an
opportunity for adventure combined with the
highest and noblest incentive, viz: patriotism
The adventurous spirits have found tkeir
place in the ranks and hence one of the
causes of the decrease in crime of violence.

The Corrector.

