---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_159.jpg
---
e T e s S
—*_—__“_“—__—__——

HITS OR FOULS

Have you a Bond? If not, now’s your
chance to get one.

Inmate—“‘Is the Doctor in?’’

Clerk— ‘‘No, he went out after lunch.”’

Inmate—‘‘Will he be back after lunch?”’

Clerk—“‘No, that’s what he went out
after.”’

Too many people are like automobiles’
always running other people down.

Seven years ago a bright-eyed calf ate the
pocket out of a farmer’s vest which he had
carelessly left hanging on the fence; said
pocket containing a gold-watch. Last week
the animal was killed for beef, and the
watch was recovered. It had lodged in the
animal’s lungs in such position that the re-
spiration had kept it wound up, and it had
only lost four minutes in the seven years.

It’s a waste of time to tell your troubles
to other people. If you would be really
popular, let them tell their troubles to you.

There are a lot of men in here who are
seemingly only good to play base-ball,
croquet, or checkers, but we’ll wager that
whole Ambulance Fund, that they could
change into munition, ship, or farm workers,
or real fighting men, without batting an eye,
or getting the least bit fussed.

A scientist announces that there is enough
phosphorus in the human body to make forty
thousand matches. And not enough sand in
some of us to strike one.

Wash’ White, having killed a friend at a
gin-party, was duly tried, convicted, and
sentenced to imprisonment for life. As he
was being escorted to the cell which would
henceforth be his home, he met anold friend,
who was also doing time. ‘‘Hello, Wash,”’
hailed the friend, ‘‘how long have you got
to do?’’ Wash’ waved a manacled hand
airily, ‘‘Jus’ from now on.’’ he said.

You’ll never get weak eyes from looking
on the sunny side of life.

All of us deserve justice, some of us ask
for it, and a very few of us get it—and may-
be we don’t ‘‘holler.”’ .

If tanks are going to win this war, why
keep so many shut up in Institutions like

this?

THE UMPIRE

THE THING THAT COUNTS

It isn’t the work we intend to do,
Nor the work we’ve just begun;
That puts us up at the ladder’s top,
It’s the work we’ve really done.

Success is built on the things we do,
Defeat of the things we shirk;

And theman who counts when the day is thru,
Is the man who completes his work.

Good intentions will bring no joy,
It’s easy to wish and plan;

But that is like to the play of a boy,
To do is the'test of the man.

THE WRONG WAY

Do you get up in the morning with g
grouch? Youdo? Fine, keep it up,

Do you pass the buck to get somebody else
in trouble? Beautiful spirit. Hold it.

Do you bawl ’em out? Lovely.
Cultivate your voice.

Do you try to make associates feel bad?

Perfect. Don’t forget how.

Do you enjoy neglecting your work
interfere with somebody else’s work?

Very efficient. Advertise it.

Do you like to fight and squabble and argue
and gossip and knock? You are a jewe]

Keep in practice.

Collect all of that meaness and your other
mean capabilities. Cultivate them, fertilize
them, make them strong and full of pep.

Study them carefully.

Figure out how you can best use all your
meaness and use it.

Use it every minute.— EX.

TO OUR TRIBAL BROTHERS

to

We notice in the late editicn of Stray
Shots, an anouncement of a plan for an or-
ganization of the editors of the prison press,
and we rise modestly in our place near the
foot of the table, to heartily- endorse the
same.

Of course, there will be critics who will
cry ‘‘Impossible!’’, pointing out that the
chief raison d’etre of any such organization
is always to go off into a far-country, on a
date during the summer, and hold a conven-
tion, which would manifestly be impeossible
for us: but none the less, we hold the plan
to be perfectly feasible, and are sure that it
would be productive of gocd. We of such
ilk, are all working to the attainment of the
one end, the e¢levaticn of cur fellcws, and
betterment of their living conditions and in
such work it is co-operation that counts.

In our humble opinion there isn’t an argu-
ment against it, that will hold water, and
very many in it’s favor, and we sincerely
hope that it’s originators will carry it thiu
to a successful conclusion; and we stand
ready at any time to put our shoulder to the
wheel-even to the paying of dues.

CAN YOU MAKE IT

This is a story for men who are goinginto
the army, either by enlistment or in the next
draft.

_ Will you make a model soldier from a phys-
ical standpoint?

Oh, yes, you probably will get past the
examining boards all right, but that isn’t the
question.

If you can meet the following requirements
you will be up to the standard for a model
soldier:

Chin yourself 10 times.

Jump eight feet from a standing position.

Jump 4 feet 2 inches high from a standing
position. '

Put a 12-pound shot 33 feet.

Climb a 20-foot rope in 15 seconds.

Dash 50 yards in seven seconds.

Run a mile in six minutes.

Lift a 60-pound weight over your head with
one hand.

Sit up from a supine position with a 20-
pound weight suspended from the back of
your head.

This series of tests was prescribed by Capt.
Roard E. Nelligan, director of athletics and
representative of the War Department com-
mission on training camp activities at Camp
Devens.

Each man in camp is required to perform
eight of the nine stunts before obtaining a
positive mark for his unit. By these tests
Capt. Nelligan was able to determine the
athletic caliber of the men under hisdirection.

Here’s what he says about it:

’’Besides showing the excellent physical
condition of the soldiers, the test demonstrated
the value of a sound,athletic training in equip-
ping a man for military service.

”’When some of these men came to camp
they could hardly raise a 60- pound weight
from the ground, let alone lifting it above
the head with one hand, and they would be
gasping for breath after 1unning & Lblcck.

But fresh air, clean living, nutriticus food,
hard work, exercise and, last, but not least,
athletics, have brought about a marvelous
change, and now the majority of these men
are almost perfect specimens of American
manhood.’’

THE 23d PSALM,
As revised by us.

The war is my aim; I shall not rest.

Until Uncle Sam he maketh me to lie down
upon a firing-step, and leadeth me over tke

Rhine.

And restoreth my manhood, and leusdeth
me in the path of glory for my soul’s sake.
. Yea, tho 1 walk in No Man’s Land in the
midnight hours, I will fear ‘no Boche; being
Uncle Sam’ soldier: whose unifan zrc
whose gun will comfort me.

Let me but eat Uncle Sam’s rations in the
presence of the Hun, and adorn my head
;viltlh a helmet, and, lo, my cup of joy will be

ull.

Surely then will I remember his justice,
and his mercy all the days of my life, and I
will be a good soldier, and citizen forever.
