---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_160.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

e e .
e ——————————

HONOR AND FRIENDSHIP CLUB

A Postponed Meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was called to order by its Chairman,
B 8436, on September 27, 1918, at 130 p.m.

The minutes of the preceding meeting of
September 21 st were read and approved.

.There were four members present and one
visitor.

Thefollowing communicationswerereceived
during the week:

Frem B 6366, requesting a loan of $ 5.00 on
his release for necessary expenses. After
discussion the Secretary was instructed to
write a letter to Mrs. B.K.Bartlett, request-
ing her to look into this man’s case.

From B 8832, requesting a loan of $2.00 on
his release. After discussion the Secretary
was instructed to write a letter to Mr. Votaw
requesting a railroad ticket so as to enable
this man to go to his home in Binghamton,
IN=TY '

From Mr. Albert-H. Votaw, Secretary of
the Pennsylvania Prison Society,

The Report of the Tresurer was read and
accepted.

The Report of the Committee of one (B
8501) appointed by the Board of Governors
at its meeting held September 7th was read
and accepted. This appointment was for the
purpose of investigating the condition of the
Circulating Library.

On motion duly made and seconded B 7978
of the 11 th Block was recommended for the
appointment of Sargeant-at-Armsin place of
B 7898, pardoned.

On motion duly made and seconded, B 7633
of the 3 rd Block was recommended for the
appointment of Delegate in place of B 5598
paroled.

All regular business having been presented
the meeting was open for general discussion
and the gratitude of the members of the
Honor and Friendship Club was expressed
through their Board of Governors, to Mr.
A. H. Votaw, who was present, for the
handsome way in which the Pennsylvania
Prison Society, of which Mr. Votaw is Sec-
retary, has supplemented the work of the
Club in assisting its members in getting a
start in life on leaving these gates.

On motion made and seconded, the follow-
ing resolution was adopted: Whereas, Mr.
Albert H. Votaw, as Secretary of the Penn-
sylvania Prison Society, has on many oc-
casions used his efforts to assist discharged
members of the Honor and Friendship Club,
and has helped them in gaining a new start
in life, and
Whereas, he has helped create public senti-
ment in favor of the new penalogy which the
great state of Pennsylvania has neglected so
long, therefore be it
Resolved, that we, the Members of the Board
of Governors of the Honor and Friendship
Club, do this dayelect Mr. Albert H. Votaw

an Honorary Member of our organization,
to express in the highest degree our grati-
tude for his service to us and our fellow-
members. :

On motion, made and seconded, a resolu-
tion was adopted, making Nathaniel S. Yaw-
ger, M.D., Consulting Neurologist to the
Eastern State Penitentiary, an Honorary
Member.

On motion adjourned.

The following are the receipts for the
week ending September 28th, 1918:

Circulating Library Sales $ 4.25

Sale of Rags and Paper 194.93

Disbursements for the week ending Sep-
tember 28th, 1918.

War Saving Stamps $ 2.00
Thrift Stamps 3.00
Loan to B 9142 1.65

To B 8974, (Commissionon Paper and Rags)
19:19

The Auditorium has been renovated, new
scenery having been provided, so that the
whole appearance is very like a ‘‘real thea-
tre’’ on the outside. A new ventilating sys-
tem has been constructed, so that over-heat-
ed atmosphere will not be a detriment to our
theatre goers during the coming winter sea-
son.

A very interesting discussion was brought
up at the meeting of the Board of Governors,
when Mr. Votaw, who was paying us a visit
threw light upon some of the facts pertain-
ing to the men whom the H. F. C. has sent
to him for assistance, upon their release.
Although a very busy man, he always takes
time to personally interest himself in each
individual case. He was greatly impressed
by the way in which he could trust these
men. During the past two years he has
noted a remarkable change in their character
as compared with former years, which has
been brought about by the awakening of a
sense of responsibility, resulting from the
personial interest which Warden Robert J.
McKenty takes in them, with an idea of pre-
paring them for future usefulness, and their
responsiveness to this treatment. Through
the untiring efforts of the President, Reubin
C. McKenty, the H.F.C. has to a large ex-
tent helped the Warden in the bringing about
of these changes with the approval of the
Board of Inspectors. This has been noted
by the officials as well as by the general pub-
lic.

Mr. Votaw called our attention to many in-
stances which surprised him beyond words
to express, proving the worthiness of
those whom he has been able to assist: to
quote an example, one of our former mem-
berssought Mr. Votaw’sassistance, requestiug
a loan to tide him over for a week, promising
to return the sum the next week at a fixed
hour Mr. Votaw was in doubt when the man
went so far as tofix the hour for the return of
this money, Butafter a heart to heart talk the

money was given the man, and in the press
of business the incident was forgotten. It was
with pleasant surprise therefore that at the
exact time fixed, the man appeared at Mr
Votaw’soffice and kept his promise by paying
the loan. The weather conditions of Saturday
afternoons throughout the summer have
favored us remarkably, to such an extent
that we have not missed a single Saturday in
the yard, But we are prepared through the
kindness of Mr. Kraupa for the oncoming of
inclement weather,

THE PRISON CHAPLAIN

The office of Chaplain has been, in our
view, too long overshadowed by the many
agitations that come under tke scmewket
vague terminology of ‘‘Priscn Refcim.’”’

The idea that a Chaplain is an official of a
Penitentiary whose duties begin and end with
Divine service, or administering spiritual
comfort to the sick and dying, is ‘gradually
being exploded. A Chaplain should be the
organizer of a great social, educational and
spiritual ministry within the precincts of the
institution. He should be the moral guide
and adviser to every man, and the director,
under the supervision of the Warden and
within the rules prescribed by the State,
of every authorized movement represented
in the social and spiritual programme of the
Prison. In some prisons discipline is notori-
ously lax; and ameliorative entertairnerts
introduced to reduce the tedium of prison
life to a minimum Have not been uniform or
conspicuous successes, from whatever angle
their influence is studied. The Chaplain
should be a man,—an able as well as good
man,—capable of rendering practical advice
to the Warden. His reports should not be
limited, as they invariably are, to a few dry
as dust common-places, but given the prem-
inence that they deserve. FEu.

The Library is being made over this week
at the hands of painters and decorators, into
something which will remotely resemble the
Congressional Library, in coloring, at leust,
if not in spaciousness, and all deliveries of
books are necessarily suspended. We had
timely warning, and laid in a supply, but if
those who were caught-a la Foolish Virgin—
with a paucity of reading matter for the
period, will take our advice, they’ll blow the
accumulated dust off the Bible, and make up
for lost time; if this advice doesn’t suit let
them send for Mr. Schall, we are sure he’ll
be glad to talk to them for half an hour or
so daily, on any subject they may wish to
discuss. A

Word hasbeen received that all of the boys
who have entered Government service ¢n
our Industrial parole are making good, 100
per cent. One or two of ourboysare already
foremen of gangs, at six dollars per day.

Pioneer, (Pontiac, I.)
