---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_161.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia October 9th. 1918

NO. 40

NEWS AND COMMENT

A special Committee of the General Staff of
the Army, sitting in Washington under the
chairmanship of General Kerr, is considering
the problem of the prisoner, and how he may
best be given achance tofight. We’re afraid
it’s no use, we’ll be too old by the time of

the next war, and our time will be ug, any-—
" way.
Germany, Austria, and Turkey, make a

joint appeal to the Allied Governments for
a suspension of hostilities, that a general
peace may be negotiated. The suggested
terms are the restoration and indemnification
of Belgium, self determination for the Russias,
and autonomy for Alsace-Lorraine; with the
return of the German colonies. Wilson,
speaking for the Allies, is expected to refuse
and insist on the elimination of the Hohen-
zollerns as a sine qua non of peace.

Ferdinand, Czar of Bulgaria. abdicates his
throne, and leaves the country, and his son
the Crown Prince Boris, succeeds.

He will probably be the first one of the
monarchs of the Central Powers to appear
on the vaudeville circuits.

American losses to date: dead, 13,651;
wounded, 24,030; missing and priscners,
5,401; total, 44,042.

Perhaps the greatest explosion this country
ever saw, occurred last Friday at the Gil-
l23pie Shell-loading Plant at Morgan N.J.,
cofnpletely wiping the plant, with the near-
by town of South Amboy off the map, in-
curring a loss of life variously estimated
between 25, and 50, with 150 injured, and a
property loss of $30.000.000. Hope the Gov-
ernment won’t turn this into a shell loading

plant.

—_—

Philadelphia, and in fact the whole coun-
try, is in the grip of the influenza, with a
total of nearly 1500 new cases daily in the
city at this writing, and nz2arly 2)) deaths
daily. Two out of every three men in the
training camps are affected, and there, too,
the mortality is large. Hele’s an alien
enemy that should be interned at once.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Theregular meeting of the board of Delegat
es. was held October 1st Vice President A 8432
in the chair. The Roll Call showed 30 Dele_
gates present and 5 abscnt. The minutes
of the previous meeting were read and ap-
proved. The Report of the Board of Gov-
ernors meeting, held September 30th and
October 1st. were read and approved. The
report of the Treasurer was read.showing a
balance on Septemper 1st. 1918 of $92.12. ang
the report was accepted. The report of the
Representative Delegates was read and ac-
cepted. Applications for membership were
read as follows: B. 7545. B.6316= 10 cents-

B. 6385, B. 6815 10 cents. B. 7759, B. 7794,
B. 7929, B. 8457, B. 8729, B. 8677, B. 9071
B. 9023, B. 9297 25 cts. B. 9295 B. 9345
B. 9343. B. 9344, B. 9350, B. 9353 10 cts.

B. 9354. B. 9355, B. 9356, B. 9357, B. 9359 15
cts. B. 9361, B. 9369, B. 8873, B. 5383.

The applications as a whole were approved
A vote of thanks was extended to Sergeant
at Arms B. 8673 who is about to be released
on parole, for his devotion to duty. There
being no further business, the meeting ad-
ourned. '

The regular meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors was held on the 30th of September.

There were four members present.

The minutes of the proceeding meeting.

September. 27th. were read and approved.

The following bills were authorized to be

paid:

Wm. H. Hoskins Co. for office supplies

$3.20
To B 8974 Commission on paper and rags

$19.20
To B. 6153 Rubber & metal. 825
To B. 8786 1.25
To B. 8436, For beaded Hand Bag 6.00
To B. 6198, For Loan, 0.50
To B. 8402, For services rendered. 2.00

The following are the receipts for the week
ending October 5th. 1918

Circulating Library Sales $6.25
Six Hand Bags. 4.50
Donations to H. F. C. 1.55

The influenza epidemic having put a tem-
porary ban on all in-door gatherings the
Saturday half-holidays of the H. F, C. and
the Volunteers must necessarily be spent in
the yara until futher notice. which we trust
will happen soon, as it is hopeless to expect
the long continued run of pleasant Saturday
afternoons to continue much longer, now that
the melancholy days are here. But at least,

(Continued on page 4 )

HOME RUNS

It is the wish of Mrs. Simonin, of the
King’s Daughters, that her friends and
proteges in the Institution should not con-
strue her continuing absence as being due to
any forgetfulness on her part of their needs
or interests. It is the stress of the war
work in which she isnowengaged that keeps,
and must for some time continue keeping her
from seeing us; and we, without cavil, wil-
lingly yield precedence, and resign her to
such task as this. :

The one-time Band-room, between the 11th,
and 2d Blocks, has been meta-morphosed:
into an Emergemcy Hospital for influenza
patients, and some dozen or fourteen beds
have been installed. There has been no
deaths in the Institution from the malady
at this writing, but several are ill with this
latest malady, and the Administraticn are
taking no chances of being caught unprepar-
ed by a possible epidemic. We are not sure
of the identity of the nurses in this new
hospital, but the locality speaks for itself.

Major Horace Phillips, M. D. lately Con-
sulting Alienist to the Institution, ncw of
the U. S. Medical Corps, was an Institution
visitor during the last week, dropping in
from Camp Dix, where he reports the in-
fluenza epidemic as raging furiously. The
Major lookt so very classy in his uniform,
and our own Doc’ wore so martial an air,
that for the moment we had hopes.

We are informed by our Star Reporter of
the visit of an officer of the U. S. Quarter-
master&Generals Department, during the
last week, who inspected ths Institution
with a view to initiating it’s inmates— cur
expectant selves—into Government woerk.
We are a bit uncertain as to just what will
be done, but we are practically certain that
something along such lines is going to happen
if this war continues; and inasmuch as it is
authoratively announced that tbe same scale
of wage will be paid to us as paid to outside
labor, we hope that the day of realization
will soon come. If we can’t be dollar-a-day
patriots, we can perhaps be the dollar-an-
hour kind, tho at some loss to our self-re-

. Spect.
