---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_162.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

f

THE UMPIRE

-

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its re=ders.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addreswsed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, October 9nd. 1918.
YOUR BATTING AVERAGE

On another page of this ‘‘standard sheet”
will be found the batting average of the
players of the local League, for the season
just closed. And all this causes us to rise
modestly in Sur place, and remark in latest
tones ‘“What’s your batting average?”’
What has it been; what is it now; and what
is it going to be? You’ll be going to the bat
in the real game of life some day, perhaps
in the near future, and just whatpreparation
have you made for it? How many books
dealing with your line of endeavor have you
read? How much have you practiced?
How many hours have you given to study,
now when you have so much time that you
really don’t know what to do with it? Have
you batted .225 in the Study League, and
400 on the Cigarette Smoker’s team? Do
you stand hignest as workingman or checker.
player? You’ll find it will all count some
day, when you’re facing that greatest of alj
pitchers, Life, with Time for an inexorable
umpire. It depends largely upon whatyou’re
doing now whether you make a hit, or a
home-run, or just ‘‘fan’’, and sneak miser-
ably back to the bench, while the bleacher-
ites howl ‘I told you so!’”’, or ‘‘Quitter!”’
and the old folks try to hide the shame that
is theirs. It’s entirely up to yourself,
you hit 1000, or hit the skids, you can vary
this a little by hitting the booze, but the end
remains the same; the umpire remarks
‘“‘you’re out!”” and you generally are—for
good.

You have the best of chances for practice
in here, if you only could be made to see it.
Get busy and acquire that keen eye, and that
wallop in the old arm that will let no oppor-
tunity get past, and when your chance comes
spit on your hands, and come to the plate
smiling, and all the home-folks will be there
to cheer you on, and the grand-stand, and
‘the bleachers, packed with a mob, some
hostile, some indifferent, but all ready to be
‘‘shown’’, and generous enough when you

prove you’ve got the ‘‘goods’’. Life may
wear a terrifying aspect, and Time may call
a strike, or a few balls on you while you’re
getting ready, but that can’t worry you
for you know you can knock the stuffing out
of that ball whenever you want to, and you
take a firmer grip on the old bat, and Life
lets one go, and you slam it where it will do
the most good, and the next thing you know
you’re sitting on third, or maybe back at
home-plate, and you see the old folks weep-
ing for joy, and little brother standing on
his head to fittingly celebrate it, while the
crowd yells it’s approval, and the ‘‘glooms”’
mutter ‘“We didn’t know he had it in him”’,
Oh, the rewards of success are sweet. It’s
the Ty Cobbs of life, who gather it’s roses,
It’s worth all the effort and the hard work
involved to have the band play ‘‘See the
Conquering Hero Comes’’ every time you
heave in view.

But you’ve got to play the game hard and
straight, would you fatten your batting av-
erage. You can’t expect to hit the ball,
and hit the booze, at one and the same time
and ‘‘Dutch courage’ never yet made a
brave man out a congenital coward, and no
game was ever won in an easy-chair or in
bed. If you would see your name in the.300
column, you must_let no opportunity for im-
provment escape, get out early in the morn-
inn, and practice, and lubricate that good
old arm with a little midnight oil, and you’ll
be surprised at the improvement. It won’t
be long before you find yourself up among
the leaders. Just what is your batting aver-
age?

AMBITION

A great many people think that ambition
is something which is born within us,-which
is not subject to improvement,— and that it
is something which takes care of itself if
one ‘‘happens’’ to have it.

Few realize that ambition is a passion that
responds- very quickly to cultivation, and
that unless it is constantly taken care of
and educated it will die away like a plant
without water.

If we have certain faculties and do not
keep them sharp, defined, and well exercised
they will become dull, and lose their pcwer
altogether.

Our ambiton cannot be expected to. re-
main fresh and vigorous through years of
inactivity or indifference.

If we allow one opportunity after another
to slip by, and make no attempt to grasp
them our inclinations will naturally grow
duller and weaker.

If a biographical X-ray were taken of the
many men in here,
see how great a waste of possibilities of use-
fulness and achievement would be found.

The reason for this great army of failures

“in.aims and lotty ambitions;- we

it would surprise one to -

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2P M:

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

TS e S TG L N T e T S S P S T e RS e S R

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week endlng Sept.

26 12
Released ¢¢ £ o i 34
Transferred £ e v 1
Prison population e KaRINEE
Latest serial Number £ ‘B 9382

lies in the fact, that they have neglected
getting into a stimulating, encouraging en-
vironment,— or because they were not strong
enough to rally under depression, discourag-
ing, or vicious surroundings. To weak to
resist the downward-dragging tendencies
about them, and drifting with the stronger
current while ambition was neglected and
became powerless..

So many are satisfied with living in a dor-
mant state,— a hand to hand existance,- con-
tented with drifting along the easiest way, -
making no sacrifices,— taking no chances,—
following the crowd, and not before reach-
ing middle life do they wake up, as frcm a
sleep, und realize their possibilities;- zrd
this generally frem the reading of scme in-
spiring, stimulating book ; by a good sermon,
or lecture,— or the example of a friend.

No matter how independent, strong-willed
and determined may be cur nature, we are
always more orless influenced by our sur-
roundings,— we naturally follow the examples
about wus, and fall or rise according to
the strongest current in which we live.

Ambition is contagious, so we should seek
those who are -trying to do something, and
be something in this world,— pecple ¢f high
should keep
close to those who are in earnest; honest
with themsel%zes, and look ahead,— and we
will catch their spirit, —~and the ambition in us
w111 grow, and bring success.

B.7401

A good many. of us -in here seem to be
more interested in getting our ‘‘bite,’”’ than
in doing our ‘‘bit. "’
