---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_163.jpg
---
'HITS OR FOULS

Of course you have a little Bond in your
home.

Did you ever guess that you can get a
still earlier start by knocking at the door of
opportunity?

¢‘Colonel’”’ Jake says this war is not the
most fearful struggle the world has ever
seen, He says he once saw two Jew ‘‘stick-
ups’’ trying to get a scotchman’s pay-en-
velope.

Brother Campbell is certainly one kind-
hearted man, he overheard a fellow saying
that he was leading a regular dog’s llfe, and
Joe went right off, and got him a couple of
dog-biscuit.

There’s at least one thing you should
always put off until to-morrow, and that is
to do the thing you shouldn’t do.

Scientists tell us the human race is mov-
ing steadily toward a goal of perfection,
but there are some right in here who think
every time they look in a mirror that that
goal has been reached. )

¢“Whoa!”’ cries Tony, ‘‘this won’t do at
all. You're three bars ahead of the rest of
us. ¥

“Don’t I know it!’’ replies the new re-
cruit, ‘‘I told you I could play to beat the
band!”’

b

We’re wearing our last year’s suit in here
alright, but not even for our. Allies sake
would we continue to wear it should we be
freed.

A good many of usin here seem to be
more interested in getting our ‘‘bite,”’ than
in doing our ‘‘bit.”’

We don’t have to listen to Jerry’s old organ;

Tho on the Fifth Block we have a trom-

bone,
We’re safe out of range of Bill Barnes, and

his cornet,

But we can’t get away from the darn

graghophone.
With it’s old broken records, it’s out-of-date

records. [
It’s worn-out records that nobody’ll own.

““Wingie’’—to disheartened new recruit—
““You’re a fine soldier. Here I've taught
you everytting I know, and you stand there
and don’t know nothing!”’

THE UMPIRE

FRIENDSHIP

He may be all kinds of a liar,
He may be most kinds of a fool;
He may be the kind of high flyer,
That knows neither reason nor rule.
There may be dark shadows above him,
Of ruin and woe that impend;
I may notrespect - I just love him,
Because he’s my friend.

I’m sure he has faults by the billion,
But I’ll not be casting a stone;

I know that his record’s vermilion,
~but I know what I know of my own-

He’salwaysbeensquarewith ‘yourstruly’’,
Ready to give or to lend;

"~ And I love him, tho wild and unruly,

Because he’s my friend.

I knock him, I know, but I do it,
To his face, and never his back;
And if other folks knock him, they rue it,
If I’m near to get in a crack.
I make no analysis of him,
I know he’ll ring true at the end;
I don’t criticise, I just love him,
Because he’s my friend.

TOOLS

Once upon a time so the story goes, the
devil was going to auction off his tools. So
he sent out invitations and had the tools dis-
played in a big hall. Many people came to
see them. There were Jealousy, Hatred,
Envy, Malice, Revenge, and many others of
the same choice varieties. The people re-
marked about the high prices asked for them

The devil told them they were allnecessary
to his success. Finally someone noticed a
little battered, bent old stool hanging in one
corner. They wondered what it was, why - it
shonld be there, and what was its price.

They looked and saw that its name wag
DISCOURAGEMENT. Its price was more
than all the rest put together. All were sur-
prised and asked why it should be so high,

«Of course that tool is high,’’ said the
devil, ¢‘it is the best I have. Very often I
fail with the others, then I pry thatone into
the mind of the person I am working on.

If I can get it in, even a very little, it
opens the door and the others rapidly follow.

That tool high? Oh. no! Its worth the price
asked. If I couldn’t have but one, that’s

what I’d take every time. (Here the devil
began to laugh.) The funny thing about it
is, no one ever thinks that tool belongs to
me.’’—Ex.

His Excellency, Rube, the Institutions’
favorite scout, was out in the ‘‘bushes,’” up
York —a happy hunting-ground—and Harris-
burg way, last week, and reports the out-
look for material for next years ball teams
as very promising. Some old players are ex-
pected to be back in time for spring training.

THE PRISON WARDEN

The task and opportunity of a real warden
is one of the greatest that can be offered to
a man. What, therefore, should be his quali-
fications before being appointed? Do we

~ take for president of a college or principal

of a high schoola man of no previous ex-
perience in education? Do we select as sup-
erintendent of a hospital a man knowing
nothing of disease? Do we place at the head -
of a great commerial enterprise a man who
has never studied business? A competent
warden must be an efficient manager. He
has a comprehensive system of industries
to supervise, producing several thousand
dollars worth of commodities each year. A
competent warden mustbe a good psychologist.

The very lives of from 1,000 to 1,500 men
are influenced, and often dominated, by him,

The competent warden must be a good
social worker. He must understand con-
siderable about the causes of poverty and
crime and their remedies.

The competent warden must be a good
director. He must be a good disciplinarian.

Such a man will know how to reward as
well as to discipline. The competent warden
must be a good financial manager. Large
sums of money are entrusted to him. He
must run his prison economically, but must
not stint when it is necessary to be liberal.

The competent warden in most modern
prisons must know considerable about agri-
culture, about foresty, about dairying.

The competent warden must have consid-
erable knowlege of architecture. He must
be a builder, a sanitarian. He must be ingen-
ious in devising modern methods of housing
inmates. He must know how to use inmate
labor with profit to the State and with pro-
fit to the prisoners. The competent warden
in a dozen different ways not yet mentioned
mustibe eflicien il AT

THAT TO-MORROW HABIT

We have it: probably you have it. The
Government has it when it comes to letting
us in on this world serap. Itis perhaps the
most common, and the most sneakingly soul-
destroying of all vices. We coyly confess to
an ability-garnered we know not where-to do
things along our particular line of endeavor,
but we enjoy a perfectly wonderful faculty
for putting a task off until the morrow, and
nine times out of ten the morrow never comes
for us, and ‘‘bang’’ goes anotheropportunity
whereby we might have become, if not rieh,
at least famous. We appeal to our readers
to advise us of a cure forthisterribledisease
which is blighting more lives, including ovur
own, than cancer, and we feel perfectly safe
in assuring the luckyv discoverer of a prever-
tive, or curative agent which is not too nasty
to take that riches will be his, and that his
name will go ringing down the ages lirked
with Dr. Javnes, and Lyvdia Pinkbams, ete,
give us something that willmake usappreoach
our work with something of the spirit of a
Kansas cvclone crossed witha Missouri mule,
and the giver can have the half of our King-

dom and no questiona asked.
