---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_165.jpg
---
oLy -

address of Jan.

THE UMPIRE

X Philadelphia October 16th. 1918

NO. 41

A

OVER THE WALL

Germany declares her acceptance of Presi-
dent Wilson’s peace terms as outlined in his
8th, and asks armistice,
and Peace Commission. Allies are expected
to insist on unconditional surrender. We
really think the Huns are going the French
one better in the art of camouflage. -

——

President Wilson marches at the head of
the American division in the Liberty Loan
parade in New York, on Saturday. Soldiers
of twenty-two nations take part in the de-
monstration.

- she’s won.

e Al L

g QR T

A AL Sy
ER

A -

EiN O s i i 8 e T | D e ™

 past week was 3,234

- North Atlantic Coast.

 Jail were used as grave-diggers.

 cases in Schuylkill County alone. -
feel bad if you didn’t get it, you’ve still a
chance. And think of the Doctor’s feelings

~ One-third of the Philadelphia District’s

quota of $500,000,000 had been subscribed up
to Saturday night. With only six days re-
maining this means we’ll have to hustle.
Just hetween ourselves, you’ve bought
yours haven’t you? S

American losses to date: dead, 16.769;

e wounded, 26.952; prisoner‘s and missing, . 5.
- 656; total 59.377.

(Y

U-Boats have once more appeared off the
A freighter is fired
upon, but escapes byreason of superior speed.

This, -of course, is meant to frighten us

| into accepting that peace offer.

After an intensive bombardment, lasting

| eighteen hours, American troops, Pennsylvania

regiments in the lead, smash the Kriemhild
Line, in the Argonne Forest, and break thru
the forward defences. Those opera lines
will be rag-time when we get thru with
them.
The back-bone of the influenza epidemic
in the city has apparently been broken.
The number of new cases is decreasing
daily, but all saloons and places of amuse-
ment, ete, will remain closed until the. death
rate has gone back to normal, which means
about 500 weekly. - The death rate for the
Prisoners from the
House of Correction, and the Camden County
: A majority
of the mines have closed down by reason of
the epidemie, there being more than 11,000
Now, dont

‘ "'~_if~ you did!

If parades will win this war,«

A WORD OF GREETING:—

To our Friends who have so faithfully
ministered to us in times gone by. We ap-
preciate it all with hearty assurance of good
will and best wishes.

We are doing well and with the care and
precautions taken, have so far escaped the
scourge that is passing through the country
in epidemic.

The Chaplain.

CAMP GRANT. ILLINOIS Oct. 10, 1918.-

sInmate B 9152,

Philadelphia, Pa.,

Dear Sir:

Thank you for the game boards‘‘Go Bang’’
which you have kindly donated for the use
of the soldiers.

We have placed one in our K. of C. build-
ing No. 1, and another in No. 2, while we have
already built 4 club houses and are planning
on 4 more. \

Camp Grant at present has about 30,000
white and 10,000 colored troops and is used as
a replacement depot for divisions going a-
Cross. :

Such acts as yours help the fighting boys
in that they see evidence that you men are
behind them, helping in every way possible,

With best wishes for your success, I again
thank you. . :
: Yours very truly,
KNi1GHTS OF COLUMBUS _

By G. F. BRESNAHAN,
Athletic Secretary.

Some one ofhis workmen brought a perfect
shoe to Mr, Patterson, of the Shoe Shop, on
a day of last week, and in the resultant heat
of enthusiasm a blaze was generated among
some rubbish, which was only extinguished
at a cost of much tumult and shouting.
Also, if vile odors can do it, the Shoe Shop
was thoroly disinfected thereby.

A dveing machine has beeninstalled in the
Stocking and Underwear Department, and
inmates orderinrg sox and underwear from
their Overseers. in future, will please men-
tion color scheme desired, and they will be
suited—maybe. ;

The September meeting of the State Board
of Pardons will be held on the 29th instead
of on the 16th. This will reassure those of
our members who had feared to lose their
harbor of refuge from the epidemic raging
without.

HOME RUNS

When we contemplate the influenza situd-
tion on the outside, and then turn our gaze
inward, we hurriedly knock wood; for it
seems to good to be true. With but one
death directly traceable to the epidemic at
date of writing, and but a slight increase in
the sick list; while the death rate-has absol-
utely declined, with but one death in a two-
weeks period, we feel that large gobs of
credit should go to some person, or persons
for this admirable handling of the local sit-
uation. Whether Divine Providence, the
Board of Inspectors, the Warden, the Doctor;
or our own careful (!)selves, certainiy some-
body deserves Honorable Mention, and to
make sure of playing no favorites we men-
tion them all, and the intelligent observer
can pick his hero and preserver. The inten-
sive quarantine which was at once put into
effect at the first warnings of danger; the
embargo upon all local in-door assemblages;
the general use of the fresh-air cure, allied
to powerful preventive doses of serum, have
been amply justified by results, and unless
the unforseen happens, we’re going to come
thru the epidemic almost unscathed. Knock,
Knock! i

We regret to chronicle the death of Mr.
Hines, of the Institution force, who died
Friday morning, of the influenza. Mr Hines,
was at the time of his being takenill, guard-
ian of the 1st Block corner, and a kindly
and efficient officer, who dealt justly with
all; and his untimely taking off is regretted
by both the inmate body, and his fellow’ of-
ficers. We are sure we speak for all in
tendering sincerest sympathy to the bereaved
family.

The embargo on Sunday services still held
good on Sunday last, and the men remained
in their cells, but the Chaplain, Dr. Welsh,
visited each Block during the morning, and
unaided, delivered a short message of cour-
age and good-cheer, whose leit-motif seemed
to be ‘“Heold on!”’ ° We had hoped to see him
take the place of the Choir on the Center in
the afternoon, but the morning’s strain on
his voice had been too severe, and lacking
Harry Myers, no acceptable substitute could
be found.

Life gives you no rainbows until you have
scattered the sunshine of a few smiles over
the mists of your tears. ’

