---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_166.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

mﬁ

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

" Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned:

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with. the

4

writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266
Associate Editors
B 8762, 8436, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, October 16th. 1918.

e e

THE FIRST—-TIMER

;Do you remember when you were a ‘‘first-
timer?’’ ~-We’re speaking to the ‘‘old-timer’s
now— And do you remember just how bad-
ly you felt about it? Didn’tyou hold up that
good right hand, and swear ‘““Never again!’’

‘  in accents which would have made the most

astute of observers, the most suspicious of
wives, believe in your absolute sincerity an
didn’t that feeling grow weaker day by day
till it finally died of lack of nourishment, and
didn’t you learn all the hundred different,
and infallible ways of beating the game, and
" then go out and try to beat it, and didn’tyou
slip up in some totally unexpected way, and
then when you’re back as a ‘‘second- timer’’,
and have figured out to your own satisfac-
tion just what screw it was that was loose in
your calculation, and resolve that it couldn’t
possibly happen again, and didn’t it happen
again, and again; until at last you arrived
atthe point where you werequite resolved to
‘make one more ‘‘big touch’’ and then retire
on your laurels, and didn’t that ‘‘big touch”’
always elude you until once more the Man
from Headquarters touched youon the shoul-
der, and shortly afterward, a Judge, whohad
grown slightly weary of your changing coun-
tenance —which the afternoon papers usually
featured as being the hang-dog one of the
typical criminal-retired you from active cir-
culation for a term of years, which left you
a firm believer in the adage that lightning
never strikes twice in the same place, be-
cause you knew then that it didn’t need to.
It was right after this that you took
‘“What’s the use?’’ to be your motto, and
your slogan, wasn’t it? Now don’t tell us
we’re wrong, after we’ve thought it all out
. so carefully. Was it on your second, or
- third conviction that the Chief, or the ‘‘dicks
7 or the D.A., or the Judge, or scmebody
with an equal chance and determination to
work your ruin, ‘‘framed you up?’’ Both

times, you say. Well, we thought as much.

And of course they never let up on you for
a moment thru all the succeeding years, but
hounded you from pillar to post, or rather
from prison to prison, with a terrible pertin-
acity which no effort of yours could defeat.

And didn’t you swear to take a terrible
revenge when you were free again, and tell
everybody whom you could back into a cor-
ner how you were going to make Edmond
Dantes look like the Father of the Prodigal
Son, and then you actually went out, and in
trying to rob his Honor’s' hen-roost, got a
doseof rock-saltshotintoyou that wouldhave
indefinitely preserved a whale. You know
you did, we can see it in your eye.

We have meta ‘‘first-timer’’ now and
again’ who would admit in a confidential
moment that he was guilty, of course, only
technically so, of the crime as charged; but
we have never yet had the satisfaction of
hearing an ‘‘old-timer’’ make such admission.
They are always the victim of adverse cir-
cumstance, —which is a euphuism for bad
luck— or ‘‘an enemy hath done this’’; a par-
ticularly malignant and potent enemy who
pursues them from one prison to another,
and lies always in wait without the walls,
ready to hound them back again immediately
upon their release. And they are so help-
less; so ready to take it ‘‘lying down’’, so
unable to defend themselves against the in-
fernal machinations of the police, whose one
purpose in life. were we to believe them’’ is
to see that the prisons of the land are kept
always filled to capacity. And they come
back to the old home as readily as the Early
Christian martyr sought the stake. and like
the E. C. M, aforesaid, could sing while
doing so, tho sometime it would be a ‘‘hymn
of hate’’. And they never once got wise to
the fact that they were the prize ‘‘boobs’’.
of Christendom, and the really charitable
thing to do would be to take them out for an
early morning swim, with a cannon-ball-tied
to their neck,

We started to talk about the “flrst timer’’
but it’s too late. now —it almost always is—
and we can only hope that in the E. S. P
who enjoy such distinction— we’re of the
goats, unfortunately— read the above care-
fully, and remember that any Judge who sees
you come back for a second dose— we tried
ours four times— is certainly justified in as-
suming that youlike it, and actingaccordingly

Mr. Walter Enckler is back on dutv, look.
ing rather the worse for wear, after a siege
of something which he describes as being
closely akin to an earthquake; and Mr.
Yarnall, wasable to visit us on a day last
week, aed promiscs to be back in harness
in a few days. Otherwise the official sick
list continues to grow, having reached
twelve at this writing. :

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

-

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison -
.Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various &

Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-

itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 8rd Thursdays each month
2 P.M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. :

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered durlng week endmg 0ctober 3d.

11
Released ¢¢ £ % f¢ 9.
Prison population & . 13510
Latest serial Number S S BRO39 )

—_——— e

Those hundred and thirty two’’ breakfast-
eers’’ are certainly making hay while the sun
shines, and are reported to be increasing
daily in girth, and avoirdupois. The most
glowing reports are going the rounds anent
the cuisine and menu, “ete. and the Overseers
in charge of the Yard gangs are being over.
whelmed with applicants for any service,

however hard, that carries a meal ticket with

it. For once, coal heaving, andhod carrying,
ete. has its appeal, and would be horny hand-
ed sons of toil are at a discount instead of at
a premium as heretofore. But when you
think of gridle cakes and maple syrup, can
you blame ’em?

Yankee ingenuity will win the war. A
Massachusetts man in France is using his
gas-mask so he can peel onions for his mess.

At noon every day all the patrons and em-
ployes in a big San Francisco store stand at
attention for three minutes while the ﬁag
is unfurled from a balcony. The
band of thirty pieces and a chorus of sixty
voices lead in the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner.”’

Jubal is eredited with the invention of the
harp, 3,875 years before Christ, and sacred

writ tells of David playing the harp before

Saul 1063 B. C. It is related in ancient
manuscript that the harp was in Ireland dur—
ing the time of Geido, monarch of Ireland
about 859 B. C. '

From an account of an Oregon wedding;
"The bridegroom’s present to the bride was “
a-handsome diamond brooch together with
many other beautiful things in cut glass.”’

store/si & s
