---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_167.jpg
---
'HITS OR FOULS

Of course you have bought a Liberty Bor;d;

Also, of course, you have caught the in-
- fluenza;

Equally of course, you have had a ‘‘shot”’
of serum;

If you haven’t had -any, or all, of these
things, you will have ’em eventually, S0 why
not now‘?

‘‘Stone walls do not a prison make’’ quoted
the visiter, with intent to cheer.
““No?”’ queried Pete interestedly, ‘‘but

~ they make so perfect an imitation, that not
* in twenty -three years can you tell the dlf—
ference :

One of our near neighbors has been enjoy-
" ing poor Health for some time, but this
 morning he complained of feeling better.

Searching for an item for. this standard
sheet we asked His Excellency, Rube, if he
was doing any war-work, and he told us con-
. fidentially that his wife, and several of her
. friends, use him almost nightly to wind wool
on. s
. While in a temporarily defenceless state
the other evening, somebody with a mis-
taken sense of humor wished the Doctor on
~ us, and at his urgent solicitation we con-
sented to dispose of a half-dozen pills—of
the rotund, and corpulent variety. Well, we
~disposed of them. We, took three, and we
gave the othor three to a poor but deserving
‘enemy of ours. The next morning we were
well, but we’ve been wondering ever since
‘was it the three we took, or the three we
- didn’t take that did it!

e

The monarch of the Bertillon Room, Tom

~ Collins, was unvesting a new arrlval, and
candldate for the order of the bath.
Tom—dlsgustedly——“Good gracious, man,

.>but you’re dirty!”’
_ New Arrival—sullenly—‘‘Well, I aint been
_ back for two years, have I?”’

~ Inquistive Inmate—‘‘What is it for dinner
- to-day, boss?”’

" Unsuspicious Overseer—‘‘It’s bean soup.”’
I I—*““Never mind what it’s been, boss,

: Laugh at jeers, and “bullyraggln

port.

THE UMPIRE

"HOW ABOUT IT?

When E. S P. days are over,

And you dwell once more in clover,
Will you be the thoughtless rover,
And, of course come back?

Or, your lesson learned forever,
Will you leave the straight path never,
Keep the way of high endeavor,
Ne’er again come back.

- When old ‘‘pals’’ in accents mellow,
Say ‘‘come on be a good fellow.”’
Will you show the streak of yellow,
That will bring you back?
Will you say ‘‘I’m on the wagon.’
Or surrend’ing take a ‘‘jag’’
And come right straight back\.v

Think of all the soup you’ve eaten,
Of the tea you’ve had to sweeten,
And resolve you won’t be beaten,
That you’ll not come back!
Think of all the pills you’ve taken,
For a broken leg, or achin’
“Tummy,’’—and asleep, or wakin’,
Vow you won’t come back.

Never let up for a minute,
On the fight, when once you’re in it;
Just remember you can win it;
And you won’t come back.
When you feel yourself a-slippin’,
Just keep in your sand-box dippin’,
‘Till once more your wheels are grippin’,
And you can’t come back.

ENGLISH PRISONERS MAKE COOD

London England—Sir Evelyn Ruggles-
Brise, chairman of the Prison Commissioners
and Director of Convict Prisons and founder
of the Borstalsystem, addressed a conference
of overseas journalists at the Press Center,
Norfolk Street, recently on the subject of
«‘Prison welfare in relation to the war.’’

Sir Evelyn cited two cases out of many
known to him of men with the gravest of
penal records who had risen to the demands
of the hour. One man who had served three
sentences of penal servitude and had broken
prison four times, ahd was pronounced by
the prison authorities a man of no character,
but an enemy of society, enlisted on his
release in 1916. After an act of sacrifice on
behalf of a comrade, he served, on returning
to duty, in the hottest part of the line, gain-
ing the military medal and the distinguished

_ conduct medal, and came to be regarded as

the best noncommissioned officer in his regi-

ment. Another man who had undergone five
terms of penal servitude and 17 long years
of imprisonment, joined a labor unit and did
splendid work unloading cargoes at a French
In a letter to the church army this
year he described himself as ““feeling all the
better for it in every way,’’ and offered to
subsecribe 20 francs from the small sum stand-
ing to his credit toward the fund for replacing
chureh army huts destroyed on the Somme.

ish before Xmas

AN INFLUENZA NOTE

The 1nﬁuenza yclept Spanish, and certaln-
ly an alien enemy, has appeared in our midst,
with a score of eight at this writing, and
we, personally are making a more or less
gallant fightagainst it’s insidious approaches.

We’re the Doc’s pills, and fervently hop-

- ing they won’t live up to their taste and

appearance; we're taking the Warden’s ad-

fresh air, plenty of exercise, and don’t over-
eat; we’re taking the Hon. Bob’s treatment,

who seems to lean to a policy of internment; ey
we’re taking in fact anything and everything

which may possibly be helpful in the fight,

X7 s

vice, who says get plenty of sleep, plenty of

including the remedies suggested by our

friends, which we are working thru at the
rate of two or three a day, and hope to fin-

But yet our head aches, our nose is certain-
ly German, our temper isa horrible example,
and we’ve almost reached a point where we
don’t care who started the war, or who fin-
ishes it.

We came home (!) Saturday evening to
find Steam a somewhat timid, and retiring

if the influenza holds out.

—very much so- visitor to our little flat, but

our welcome was so warm as to soon put him
at his ease, and we have hopes of inducing
him to stay all winter, particularly as he
doesn’t eat much. We’re chummier now

than a pair of long-lost brothers, and we |

feel that his companionship is helping us
greatly.

Of the various remedies we have had sug-
gested to us the ones we take a real pleasure
in passing on are first; eat hearty, which is
easy if the Hon. Bob will but look the other
way; then there’s the mustard plaster treat-
ment as prescribed by our old friend Doug’,

which we feel sure would have been vastly

helpful if we hadn’t got hungry the first - ‘

night and ate the darn thing up; but the real
gem is a remedy suggested to us by a das-
tardly assassin masquerading as a friend,
who told of the wet sheet treatment. We
tried it. We rose up in the small hours and
immersed a sheet in cold, cold water, aud we
disrobed, and wound the seeming twelve-
yards of it about our palpitating form, and
only the interposition of Providence saved us
from having more than a few fingersand
toes frost-bitten. As soon as we are suffi-
cientlyrecovered we are going tomake a mod-

ern Christian martyr of the advisor, no mat-

ter where we cross his trail. Our parting
advice to all present and potential sufferers
from the disease is, don’t worry, the worst
is yet to come.

A backless waistcoat is designed fordance-
ing men.
and cooler.

It is said to be more comfortable =

