---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_168.jpg
---
 Chest, October payment.

THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The embargo on all in-door meetings due
to the influenza epidemi¢, prevented any
" meeting of the Board of Delegates being

" held during the past week. The following

appointments were made; B.8266, to be
Secretary protem, in lieu of B.9017, resigned.
. B.7018, to be Typist, to fill vacancy; and
B.5336, to be,Sergeant-at—arms, to fill va-
cancy.

Expenditures for the week were: Loan to
‘B.8673, $5.00: W. S. Stamps. $1.00; to War
$10.00; to Mrs-*
Runge, torelieve a case ofdirestneed. $25.00;
and last, but far from least, a $100.00 sub-
‘scription to the Fourth Liberty Loan.- This
seems likely o be the last Loan; the Loan
that will bring victory, for which we pray
daily, and which we know is sure, and the
H. F. C. intends to be in at the finish, If
the last hundred dollars is going to win this
war, we would like very much to provide it.

Receipts for the week were: fromecirculat-
ing Library sales, $3.50; donation$.25; sale
of cloth for caps $.20.

The Weather Man was once more moved
with pity for the poor prisoner, prevented
by the epidemic threat from having any in-
door shows, and after a threatening morning
relented sufficiently to furnish a very pass-
able afternoon for our benefit. True, there
was a slight sprinkle of rain for a few min-
utes, but this came when it was positively
needed to damp down the rapidly mounting
enthusiasm of the ‘‘fans’’ which had almost
reached the boiling point, and these cooling
drops had a very beneficial effect, and un-
doubtedly enabled them to see the game thru
without an explosion.

The ball game in which the Delegates and
Minstrels united to defeat the Military, and
after a terrific struggle echoes of which still
linger in the Yard, succeeded in their nefar-
ious —from the military view-point,— de-
sign, was easily the whole show of the after-
noon. If the players had been on the Other
Side, they would have gone half-way to
Berlin for half the effort expended; and if
the Liberty Loan Committee needed noise to
boost the Loan, it made a great mistake in
not securing our services.

The case of the Military was hopeless from
the first, when Colonel Jake - was very suc-
cessfully ‘‘thimble-rigged’’ in the toss for
position. The Colonel lockt sadly at the coin
as it lay in his opponent’shand, and murmur-
ed ““It’s heads, you win’’, and it wasn’t till
fifteen minutes afterwards that he discover-
ed that the penny had heads on both sides,
and was kept for just such purpose. As the
Colonel remarked after his disillusionment,
‘How could you hope to beat a gang like that?’’
and it really turned out to be impossible, tho
fromno faultof the umpire, who verilyshowed
himself the ‘‘bravest of the brave’’ by his

decisions. But no one can say but that the
Army fought well, and literally died in the
last ditch, as it wasn’t until the last inning
that the fortunes of the day were finally de-
cided. This inning sent a majority of the
spectators into hysterics, and was productive
of the only casualty of the day, which, as
mostly happens, was an innocent(!) bystand-
er, who happening to pass second base in the
heat of the conflict madethe most spectacular
and-from the Doctor’s view-point- success-

ful play of the afternoon stopping a ball

without using either feet or hands, tho hav.
ing his right optic changed from Alice blue
to fast black in the operation. As he was
assisted from the stricken field, he washeard
to murmur, ‘‘They shall not pass’’ he appar-
ently thinking it another example of German
frightfulness, but we’re inclined to think it
an accident. The real frightfulness lay in
the score, which was 13 to 15 in favor of the
Delegate-Minstrel team. The Colonel re-
fused to accept this verdict as final, and is
determined to stage a’'come-back next Sat-
urday, and we look forward to seeing some
intensive drilling this week

October 5th. 1918
Warden Robert J. McKenty,
The Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia Pa. '

My dear Warden McKenty:

In accordance with my conversation
with you, I took the question of Ambulances
up with the Red Cross Headquarters and
they confirmed my statement to the effect
that there are two kinds of Ambulance,
which takes care of two people, price $620.
47 each. The other, a much larger Ambu-
lance, costing $2,400 cash.

In the course of the discussion in regard
to the Ambulance question, the suggestion
was made by Headquarters that it would be
a fine thing for the Eastern Penitentiary to
give a Ford Ambulance, and also a Kitchen
Trailer, which is very much needed, in fact
much more than the Ambulance. A Kitchen
Trailer costs $785.00.- If you should decide
to give a Ford Ambulance, and a Kitchen
Trailer, if you will notify us what kind of a
plate shall be put on each, we can arrange
to have it done, and you can send the money
to cover thém.

A Ford Ambulance at $620.47, and a
Kitchen Trailer, at $785.00 make a total of
$1405.47, and would come well within the
amount. of money that has been raised.
Will you kindly let Mr. Stotesbury, or myself
know your wish in the matter?

With keen appreciation and congratu- .

lation on the work of the men at the Peni-
tentiary, I am, .

Very sincerely yours,

J. B. Townsend

Executive Director.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column. :

FOR . SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, Tth Block. (¥*)

ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var-
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-
ruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray
treatmeénts for facial defects of any descrlp- 5
tion, B 6533, 7th. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors toﬂshax_‘pen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered Bg8939,
8th Block. Cell 22 .

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for

sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.
FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman Recep-
tion necklace different colors,

beautifully
designed. B 8936 1st B. :

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
klnds of novelties for sale. B 82083, 6’ch B4

Typewriting. Composition if desired, reason-
able rate, B 9091, 11th Block.

EE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op-
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-
tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-
cards; 10¢c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted
sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.. Prices reason-
able.. B 6523, 7th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc
models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes,
Tables, ete. reasonable. 9005, 7th Ga]lery
Birds For Sale—male and female alco cages
B 9070 7th Block. _
TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1. OO
B 3079, 1st Block.

CLOCKS, WATCHES——Repaired, bought,
and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery.

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts,
Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools; Flag
Pins, Shields Humidors, trays, Typewriter
and Desk. B 8023, 1st Block. :

TYPEWRITING—Personal

and business

letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, also
corrected at reaqonable rates. B-8993, 10th
Block.

EXPERT BEAD WORKERS WANTED— ‘
Also Hardware, Locks, Hinges, ete. forsale
B 9152, 11th. Block.

At a meeting of the Ambulance Comnﬁitt,ee :
held Monday, Oct. 7th. it was unanimously
decided to accept Mr. Townsend’s suggestion

and the Warden was asked to. notify him

to that effect.

