---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_169.jpg
---
d
,,
v
o
&

L e

PRk =i i gL gk

. open air.
~ has the same friendly wave of the hand, the

(Continued from page 2)

gates, call upon the soft-handed, ¢‘silk-col-
lared crowd to rid themselves at once of
such evidence of effeminacy, and seek toin-
~culcate only the sterner virtues in the breasts
~of our fellows. -
We had always believed that a work well
- done was it’s own reward, but now that we
know differently, we shall spare no effort to
place before our readers the names, and
‘deeds of our local ‘‘horny-handed sons of
toil’” who are repeating within these walls,
" to the abiding shame of the silk- stocking
crowd, their triumphs of the outside. We

know well the institution’s need of them; .

we have even seen them in our infrequent
dashes thru the Yard, walking slowly back
andforth, while they doubtless considered what
they should do next that would best con-
tribute to the honor and glory of the E. S. P.
we have watched them hurry forth to break-
fast, while mingled pangs of envy and

- hunger have rent our bosom, and we have
thought how desirable is the lot of the work-
man, and had even for a minute or two con-

~ templated the shedding of our silk-collar,
and the exchanging of a breakfastless‘‘posi-
tion’’, for a purely plebeian, yet well-fed
Ejobs . ' o ‘

So, behold us struggling feebly in the
throes of a vast remorse, and with real tears
in our eyes, tendering the most abject of
apologies to all those who really ‘‘count”,
with the hope that our sins of omission may
be forgiven on our promise of ample justice
being done in the future to the labors of the
local Moses who so gallantly hold up the

~ Warden’s hands.

‘“‘CAPTAIN”’ SOUDER.

Though he is our Deputy Warden today
and might be the ‘‘Boss’’ himself tomorrow,

. heisand wouldalwaysremain tomost ofus but

¢ Captain’’ Souder, and it is doubtful if any
office bestowed upon him would separate the
bond of Friendship and good-will that has
sprung up between him and the prisoners in
here.

When Captain Souder makes his rounds of
the yard, the boys need not run -for cover;
their is no camougflaging necessary; no hid-
ing behind piles of rock or coal; nor stooping

" to alie inorder to explainone‘spresencein the

He is no respecter of persons, he

same pleasant smile and his ‘“‘How doyoudo?’’

to everyone, and the boys, instead of fearing

him, line up along his path to get a bit of-the

 cheer he gives, and thus he passes on, well

met by all, looking for no trouble, unwilling

to cause any, and returns to the Centre with

- o less dignity. but with the feeling in his
" heart that he is well liked, and that he has
- brightened the day for someone.—

' B—7401

THE UMPIRE
IT ALL DEPENDS

S \

When the years of Time are ended and the
law is satisfied,

And you turn your face and footsteps to the

~ practical outside,

Can you say you’ve learned the lesson that
the silence tried to teach?

If you can, you’ll be a winner, yes, indeed,
you’ll be a peach. :

When you’ve shaken these environs and are

numbered with the free, :

you face the rocky-going in the land of

liberty, :

you clear the decks for action with a

vow to battle square? :

If you do you’ll be a wonder, honest son
you’ll be a bear.

Will you meet Old Opportunity with keen,
appraising glance?

Will you think of ways to hustle when you
have another chance?

Will you start upon the level with the horny-
handed herd?

If you do, you’ll be amarvel say, you’ll surely
be a bird!

When the portals close behind you and you
run to catch a car,

Will you scoot across the river to a gilded
palace bar?

Will you count on dodging labor and imagine
life a dream?
If you do—you’ll keep existing,
never be a scream.
When you start to land a ‘‘toe-holt’’ on the
ladder of success;

Never think of quitting, kiddo-if you’re
beaten don’t confess.

If you can’tdo any better you, at least, will
be no slob- i

If you stick with that position your employer
calls a job.

And

Will

but you’ll

Twine and bread are closely related.
The twine that binders use in the wheat
fields is made of sisal, which grows in Yu-
catan, where it is the subject of monopoly.
The Food Administration has taken over
control of the imports of binder-twine out-
put for 1918 in order to concentrate the buy-
ing and to eliminate competition among
manufactures, and thus to keep the prices
lower than it would be otherwise.

. The German people have lost5,000,000sons
since their emperor plunged them intothe
war, says an exchange. They still have the
Kaiser’s six sons to comfort them in their

grief.

From an account of an Oregon wedding:

““The bridgeroom’s present to the bride was
a handsome diamond brooch tdgether with
many other beautiful things in cut glass.’s

-“—-—————-__—_—__—*
h—————_————-—_—_‘—_—_____—__—_—-—_

HITS OR FOULS

Get the licker habit. W. S. Stamps are

not intoxicating.

Did you ever see an ‘‘idle’’ rumor in here?
You did not! :

- The Hon. Bob has the local food profiteers
about ready to yell for an armistice.

. “Do you dissipate?’’ sternly asked the

Doctor, examining a new arrival. 5
New arrival looks frightened, and then
pipes up, “Well, I sometime chew a little

gum.’’

We understand that an [nmate got the
Dentist’s ‘‘goat’’ the other day by asking to
have the music-box play ‘The Yanks are
coming’’ as he ascended the chair. s

~ Asst. Editor—‘‘Here’s a poem from a man

serving afive-year termin the Penitentiary.””
Managing. Editor—‘‘Well, print it with a
It

foot-note explaining the circumstances.
may be a warning to others.”’

1n this day of substitutes we can’t under-
stand why it is that noracceptable substitute
has yet been discovered for soup.

Doug’—*“‘Your hair is very thin on top.”’

J. Ross—*‘‘I’m glad of that. I hate fat
hair.”’ : :

We overheard a worried fellow citizen say
the other day, ‘‘The Lord knows what I'm
going to do when I get out of here’’ and we
understand at once why he lookt worried.

““What is the charge?’’ asked the Magis-
trate. :

“Nothihg at all”’ speaks up Abe,”’ thisis

on us.”’

&

The pits of peaches, prunes, apricots, ete, =

are badly needed for use in the making of
gas-masks, and a general call has gone forth
to save the same. We, and we think too,
our fellows, will gladly promise to save the
pits of any, and all of the above named
which may be sent, or slipt us.

‘“William,’’ snap the dear lady viciously,

‘‘didn’t I hear the clock strike two as you
came in?”’ =

““You did, m’ dear,’’ answered William,’’
it started to strike ten, but I stoptit tokeep
it from waking you up.”’ '

