---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_170.jpg
---
"THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE
—_———— e

“Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
~ every Wednesday.
~ Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
- Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
" ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addresyed
The Umpire Printing Office,*and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer's number

EDITOR
B 8266
- Associate Editors
B 8762, 8486, 7401, 9080.

Philadelphia, October 23d. 1918.

THE OLD AND THE NEW

The criminal has injured society. It is
therefore entirely right and proper, in the
eyes of those who are believers in the old
methods, that he should in turn suffer an
injury to be inflicted on him by society.
~ This injury inflicted on the criminal by
“society to repay him in some measure- gen-
~ erally about twice over-for the injury inflict-

ed on society by him, is delicately called
punishment, never by any means, revenge.

This injury, or punishment, is presumed
to be proportionate to theinjury he has done:
‘‘an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.’’

.This is pleasingly termed ‘‘fitting the
punishment to the ecrime’’ and there are
about as many fits as there are judges, and
fearful and wonderful tailors some of them
‘are. For the theft of a loaf of bread induec-
ed by ungovernable hunger, one is often fit-
ted with a full suit of infamy, while the
wrecker of a thousand lives thru financial
methods highly approved of in Hades, is pre-
sented with a coat of whitewash which will
pass in any company. :

The community should spend it’s days,
and even sit up o’ nights to hate the crimi-
nal because of his crime, and in all casesthe
ratio of forgiveness should be directly pro-
portionate to the wealth and influence of the
offénder. This extraordinary gratification
- of a healthy (!) sentiment is called ‘‘satis-

fying the sense of retributive justice ’’.

This hatred and fear of the criminalshould
be encouraged at all costs, and any loose
- stones in the highway, and all decayed veg-
etables, are very acceptable media of ex-

pression of this sentiment, to be used when-
ever possible by the rising generation, which
use should inculate in their gentle bosoms a
healthy respect for the law, and a hatred of
_ the law-breaker which will remain their
pleasing heritage thru life.

Gillespie,

Such injury inflicted on the criminal by
the hatred of society will, or should, awaken
in his breast a fear of society so great that
he will not venture to repeat his crime, and
this fear willat once extend to his fellow
members of the eriminal class, so that they
will, seeing, tremble, and at once shedding

their coat of many colors, don the drab gar-

ments of respectability,} and in the twinkling
of an eye become staid and respectable mem-
bers of society. Thisis;euphuistically known
s ‘‘the protection of society by the deter-
rent power of fear, ‘‘fear, being of course,
the greatest of earthly forces, and love but
a synonym used by poets to describe a dis-
ease youth and spring, and whose out pour-
ings would have aboutas much deterrent
effect upon the criminal as a gentle spraying
with lavender water.
This is the philosophy of the stone age,
when might was right, and every mans hand
was against his neighbor. It is absolutely
and irremediably wrong, and cannot be de-
fended, modified, amended, or amelioated,
but should be destroyed root and branch,
and in it’s place should reign the new gospel
of reformative justice, and preventive wis-
dom, leavened with a love of humankind
which will not see the meanest of men suffer
without effort to regenerate and save. Of
this we hope to speak next week.

DESERVING PRISONERS

Editor ‘‘The UMPIRE’’-

I have noticed all summer much space in
your columns devoted to baseball, and the
Honor and Friendship Club’s outings, also of
the E. S. P- Volunteers; all quite right and
no doubt interesting. And now I would like
to inquire ifiit would not be fair to say a
good word just once in awhile about a little
army in here that is quite overlooked never
praised, unmentioned. There is no Colonels
or Brigadiers among them, none of . them
belong to the silk collar crowd, and I mean
the little army of workers under Mr. John
our respected master mechanic.
These are the worth-while prisoners in this
institution, the men who are really behind
the Warden. Carpenters, Painters, Plaster-
er’s, Brick-layers and Stone-masons, Tin-
smiths, Machinist’s, Box-makers, Black-
smiths, not forgetting Mr. Joe Roddy’s
force of Plumbers and Bradley the sky-light
man. Everyday during the week and week
in the year, these prisoners can be found at
their various occupations, but no one seems
ever to notice it or say a good word. There
are no drones in this little army. Just take
a stroll around to the rear of the boiler-house
and see what is going on just at present,
and this is only one of the many jobs Mr.
Gillespie’s men have done. These men have
demonstrated the fact that they are mechan-
ics possessing both brains and ‘skill in their

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at th.e- Prison

Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning. -

General services are held on the various

Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

FEpiscopal services for men,v Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2P M ’

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at 2

the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week ending October 17th. 2 :

Released & £ % 3% qis
Died ~ 1380
Prison population i SN 351
Latest serial Number 5 ** B-93925%

respective lines.

say a kind word sometimes, or to give a

little deserved praisé, and we all know it
encourages a fellow to receive a kind word

and to feel that your efforts are appreciated.
So give these workers the credit and praise
due them, for above all /they are the men
who really count in this institution, they
are the Deserving Prisoners. .

THE DESERVING PRISONER

We tender the most humble and sincere

It never costs anything to

apologies to the ‘‘deserving prisoner’’, so

‘feelingly spoken of in another colurrn by an
We had not guessed

esteemed correspondent.
they were so numerous, or their task sogreat.
To them in their great task of upholding

the Warden —whatever that may mean— we

wish all success, and are sincerely sorry that

we have hitherto failed to feature them in

our columns, a fate which shall be theirs no
We had believed them to be as the

content to let
their works speak for them, and had acted

longer,
timid and shrinking violet,

accordingly, but now that we know that the
sound of trumpets blown from the house-
tops is pleasant to their ears, we shall en-
deavor to make amends for all neglect.\:l'z

We plead guilty to occasional mention of

the H. F. C. and to a belief in the value of
it’s work which we shall henceforth care-
fully keep hidden from the public view; we

also admit that we have occasionally men.
tioned the military movement as being good

for both soul and body, but we shall hence
forth preach the gospel of work alone, as

the sole reformative influence within the

(Continued on page 3') -

