---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_171.jpg
---
fier. Says offer of autonomy comes toolate,

d demands freedom for all subject races.
thls sounds the death knell of the dual
monarchy And so few mourners. will go

Philadelphia October 23d. 1918

VALE

With sincere reg;et we announce to our
readers the passing of Mr. Peter Enckler,
lately Deputy-Warden. of this Institution,
whose death occurred at 1. p. m. Sunday,
Oct. 20th. The late Mr Enckler served the

Institution in varied capacities for a period

of some forty-three years, and filled the

~ some-what difficult post of Deputy-Warden

German armies are withdrawing from
rance, and Belgium. Brussels being eva-

ated Americans advance steadily on the
leuse. Battle fleet of 140 planes raid
erman lines, and communications, bring
lownl12 Hun planes, andreturn withoutlosses,
‘At this rate the war will be over before
ve get our chance. %

e >k

~ The fourth Liberty Loan is oversubscribed.
A billion and a half heing subscribed on

the last day. Over 20,000,000 people are

. supposed tohave bought Bonds. Philadelphia
scribes it’s quota, and an Honor Flag is

raised at Broad St, and S. Penn Square at
0 Saturday night. We certainly did our
st to make the thing a success.

jdne of our new bombing planes carrying

ven men, and five guns, flies from New

York to Dayton, at an average speed of

early two miles a minute. Fast time, but

believe we could improve on it, if we

were given the chance to fly from here to
yton.

American losses to date, dead 18,530; woun-

, 30,110; prisoners and missing, 6,004;

al 54,644. A heavy score, but if consola-

3

n is needed, look at the results.

:1§y, and practlcally ‘the whole country
“Altho the number of new cases is decreas-
ng, the deaths in the city for the past week
umbered 5,720 of which 4,596 were dlrectly
lue to the epidemic. ‘And so to those who
ight contemplate leaving we say that it
t be safe for a Ixttle while.

merican soldiers taken prisoners by the
are being forced to. work in the gun
ent of the Krupp Works at Essen:
11 if those boys run srue to form we’d
n the machinery in the Gun de-
of the Krupp Works at Essen.

‘bullets and bombs,

to the entire satisfaction of all concerned,
since it’s creation some half-score years ago.

He was a most able and efficient officer,
and earned, and kept the sympathy and
liking of all, whether officer, or inmate,
with whom he came in contact, and he nat-
urally leaves a wide circle of friends, both
within, and without the Institution, to mourn
his loss.
sentiment of the entire inmate body in ten-
dering the sincerest sympathy to his be-
reaved family. May he find that perfect
rest and peace which is the best reward of
those who have fought life’s battles faith-
fully and well, have kept faith with their
fellow men, helping many, and harmingnone,
and of whom all men can truthfully say, he
served others always, never himself. :

/

‘A NOTE FROM FRANCE

Our own Bob Perry, who can so distribute
drugs as to lead the delighted recipient to
believe heis getting a sample bottle of ‘“pop’’
has had a real button from the uniform ofa
real boche sent him by Mr. Frank Tees, and
contemplates wearing it as a stud in his one
dress shirt. Frank announces that he has
ducked every thing Fritz has in the way of
and that after smelling
both dead and living Huns, gas is as new-
mown hay to him. Unless the Boche can
think up some new engine of war, he feels

~ confident of coming thru it safely. He tells

Bob that he feels sure he would: like to be
over there, and Bob confirmed this opinion
in an interview, and stated that if they
would but'call an intermission for a few
months, we would be on hand.

We are going to suspend both comment
and judgement upon the passing of Mr.
Stackhouse from the Kitchen purlieus, until
we have studied the subsequent menu for a
period. The Sunday pot-pie bore noevidence
of change in either make-up, or furnishing,
and we feel reasonably safe in saying ‘‘Bon
voyage’’ to the departing officer. Mr. Will-
oughby will succeed, and we are a]l agog

with anticipation.

We are sure we are voicing the

HOME RUNS

Depleted as were the finances of the in-
mates by the late Ambulance Drive, and
considering the almost entire lack of oppor-
tunity for the replenishing the exhauste
purse, yet a most remarkable response Was
had to the appeal for subscription to the
Fourth Liberty Loan. Stockings which no
one had supposed contdined a ‘‘sou markee’’
were emptied, with the result that Miss
Elsie McKenty reports subscriptions of
$1100, and the Chaplain $400, which sho "s~
conclusively the pocket-book is concerned. But
there were also a number of bonds purchased
especially where thru other agencies of which
we have no report, and the combined sum is
sufficient to cause us to ‘‘report with pride’
and demand an Honor Flag as the very leas\ ,
a grateful Government can do. Sy ;

_ The October meeting of the Board of Par-

dons has been once more" postponed, this
time indefinitely; and those of our number
who hdd feared being forced out into a world

- where the.epidemic lies in wait for the un-

wary victim can rest secure for a yet longe
period.

Chaplain Welch, whose motto during an
epidemic is ‘‘Business as usual’’ was on duty
Sunday, as substitute for the interdic_ted:
Sunday visitors, and acquitted himself well
He toured the Institution, with a Quintette
of Colored Warblers, who reinforced his
message with song, and spoke briefly to the‘
denizensof each Block, and Gallery. Scotty’s
basso profundo causcd us some little incen
venience, we rising hurriedly from our couch ‘
to close the window under the impression
that a belated thunder-storm was approach-

ing.

Mr. Gillespie reports the repairs of the 2d
Block as being completed, and all trace o

the recent conflagration eliminated. /"Ihé
Laundry is once more functioning, and
Doug’s shlrts are being returned with regu-
larity and despatch The . Princess- Theatre
only awaits the passing of the epidemic to
feature. a Grand Opemng, with favors f
all.

Mr. Bradley, late of the Night Hawks, has
been transferred to the Day Force, and we
believe will for a time act as guardian of the
First Block corner. Mr. Bradley’s motto in
this capac1ty will be that of the French at
Verdun, They shall not . pass.’’

