---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_172.jpg
---
"HONOR CLUB NOTES

- The embargo still holding, no meeting of
the Board of Delegates was held during the
past week. The following -appointments
were made; B. 8880, to be Delegate for the
Tth. Gallery, to fill vacancy; and B. 8532, to
be Delegate for 5th Gallery, to fill vacancy.
~ Receipts of the week were $5.50 from Cir-

- culating Library. Expenditures of the week

were:Loan toB. 7068, to relieve family needs,

'$10.00; first instalment on purchase of $150.00

o

worth of Liberty Bonds, $15.00; John Wana-
maker, thread, and machine oil, $.91; war
Saving Stamps, $1.00.
- This $150.00 subscription to the Fourth
iberty Loan is additional to the $ 100.00
rth of Bonds purchased outright the pre-
ding week. It was on Friday, when it
eemed possible that there mightbe a failure

of the Fourth Loan, that a special meeting

of the Board of Governoers was held, and the

~ purchase of a couple more fifty dollar Bonds,

on the instalment plan, decided upon. Sat-

- urday morning when the success of the Loan
- still hung in the balance,

another meeting
~ was held, and it was decided to metaphoric-

'ally mortgage the house and lot, and buy an- j
The

- other Bond, also onthe instalment plan.
outside public might be slackers, but we

~were not going to have that added to our
list of titles, and practically every dollar in

the Club Treasury was handed over, and a

_portion of our future revenues of no mean

“size,
will not be lost for want of a dollar while
our credit,is good.
_pardonable pride when we consider what we
are doing with our slender resources.

- have been investing a dollar a week in War

“dividually,
- work, or fight.

mortgaged to Uncle Sam. This war
We swell with a truly
We

Stamps for many months, the interest on the
Bonds we now hold is invested in such
Stamps; a monthly contribution of ten dollars
to the War Chest is being paid, and hasbeen
pledged for the duration of the war; and in-
or collectively, we’re ready to

Saturday’s outing was featured by a dis.

astrous defeat of the Army, the Officers of

 was due to the absence of the Colonel,

the samg playing the Officers of the H, F. C.
re-inforced by some alien talent and, the

- resultant score being 6 tol in favor of the

H, F. C. and the alien talent. Whether thig

who

‘was confined to his quarters suffering from

~a collision between serum and cigarettes,
_having tried an injection of the one,
learning to smoke the other, and the results
surpcising evaryobody but the Doctor, we are

- he
while

not sure, but certain it is that the army was

~ambushed, and not until the next to the last

inning when it’s leaders learned sufficient of

‘the wisdom of the serpent to make D. C. 'an
offiicer-for-a-day,and
pi _chers box, did the slaughter cease, but it

install him in the

¥

THE UMPIRE

was then to late to retrieve the fortunes of
the day. His Excellency, the President of
the H. F. C. distinguished himself by cover-
ing first, second and third base at one and the
same time, while the latter only was supposed
to be his bailiwick, while thru some wizardry
of the score-keeper, he is credited with more
hits than times at bat. Pete also. made two
hits out of three times up, but the Committee
in charge had unfortunately neglected to pro.
vide a bicycle, and he died en route to first.
It was a great game and the Army demands
a repetition. LS
TREASURERS REPORT, RECEIPTS AND Dis-
BURSEMENTS OF THE HONOR AND FRIENDSHIP
CLUB, THIRD QUARTER ENDING SEPT. 30,1918.

$13.54
$22. 80

Balance on hand June 30th. 1918
Sales of articles by outsiders
e itbrany: ; $15.05
0Old rags, paper, metals $397.65 -
Less Commission to gatherers $39.09 $360.56
Sales Poke Perries $2.35 $400.76

€ (3

Commissions on sales in Library $2.90
Subcriptions to circulating Library $89.05
Donations by new members $11.85

Unclaimed flag, and forfeited money $10.10

Loans returned by ex-Inmates $28.13
$556.33
Balance on hand Sept. 30th. 1918 $261.88

Gifts War Chest, Thrift Stamps, Amhb. $71.00
Articles purchased from Inmates ete. $74.41
Loans to members leaving the Institu. $30.75
Croquet Set $10.50, less collected on grounds
$9.85 $.65
Auditorium Hall curtain ete. $4. 96
Funerals : 5 @ $20.00 each $100.00
Cigars for washing flags $1.50, and as prizes
for Labor Day $1.50 : $3.00
Stationary etc. for office use(Secretary and

Typewriter) $9.68
—
$556.33

B 850{ Treasvrer

MORE ABOUT THE INFLUENZA .

The influenza situation remains about the
same at this writing, with an intensive
quarantine still in force, and every pre-
caution being taken to safe-guard the
health of the inmate body. We plead guilty
to afew cases, both among officers, and
inmates, but the situation Ts very far from
being alarming, and the death rate remains
below normal, there being but two deaths
in a three weeks period, which record amid
such alarms as the present almost leads us.
to propose the Doctor for the Nobel, or some
kindred prize.

The holy passion of friendship is of so
sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a
nature that it will last through a whole life-
time if not asked to loan money.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

‘Notice for advertisements must come through your

Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMFIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad” column. 3

FOR SALE Clothes—brushes hair- brushes

and shoe-brushes, with inlaid- backs 35c( to.

$1.50. B 138l, Tth Block.

ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var-
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-
ruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray

treatments for facial defects of any descrxp- "

tlon B 6533, 7th. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS— repaired and covered. B8939,

at 10c a pair.

8th Block. Cell 22

LOOK—TFirst-class pin-cushion shoes for

sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.
FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman Recep-
tion necklace different colors, beautifully

designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. Al
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8208, 6th B.

Typewriting. Composition if desired, reason- 3

able rate, B 9091, 11th Block.
BE AN expert stenographer.

tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post- e
Also oil-painted

cards; 10c and 15c¢ each.
sacred hearts; 5¢c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE_—Inlald boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block. : :
BOATS—RBail-boats made to order. Also

models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes,
9005, Tth Ga]lery' i

Tables, ete. reasonable.

Birds For Sale—male and female alcc csges‘

B 9070 7th Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per
Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1. 00_~

~dozen.
B 3079, 1st Block.

CLOCKS, WATCHES—Repalred bought -

and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery.

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Be]ts.
Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools;
Pins, Shleldq Humidors,
and Desk.

B 8023, 1st Block.

TYPEWRITING—Personal and
letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, ol“‘
corrected at reasonable rates.
Block.

EXPERT BEAD WORKERS WANTED-
Also Hardware, Locks, Hinges, etec. forsa]e
B 9152, 11th. Block. .

FOR SALE One stocking machlne a

ribber 140 needle machines brand new wil
sell cheap B 7965 7 Block '
FOR SALE—Banjo and Case, Instruc 01a
‘extra set of strings $6.00 B 6919 12 B 2

Al

Excellent op- :
portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-

Flag
trays, Typewrlter:

B,8993, 10th _

