---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_173.jpg
---
- Home, GOOD NIGHT;

THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia October 30th. 1918

NO. 43

HOME RUNS

- Any danger of a serious local outbreak of
influenza is now believed to be past; the few
cases that yet adorn the Hospital, we are in-

~clined to think are lingering there in the

hope of more ice-cream, oranges, etc; while
the Doctor’s gait has slackened from an un-
even gallop to a leisurely trot. While the
death rate in the city without, mounted
until it broke all previous records, we re-
mained in comparative safety, with a total
of but three deaths to the month, about the
normal rate, while the sick list was but
slightly swollen. After this showing we’ll

~ take any pill Doc’ Hassell chooses to inflict

upon us. We hope to see the embargo upon
visitors, assemblages, etc, lifted in the
course-of the week; and we are sure we are
voicing the general sentiment of the inmate
body in extending the heartiest thanks to
the Board of Inspectors; the Warden; the
Doctor, and others, for the precautions taken,
and their wondrously successful efforts in
safe-guarding our health. We all hope we
are ready to die, and yet somehow we
shrink from it.

&

The Staff of the Parole Office, have shown
a truly wonderful perspicacity in their deal-
ing with the epidemic. Mr. Johnny McKenty
saw it first, and is now safely convalesent;
Mr. Cort’ Butler adventured next, and, it is
said, makes a very interesting invalid; and
Mr. Joe Ursenbach is in receptive mood, and
said to be only waiting the others return, to

tackle it.

—n

Also the Captains of the Night Watch:
were wise enough to try the instalment plan
of having it. Cap. Parker succumbed to it’s
blandishments, and then came back to duty,
withonly a slight loss of avoirdupois, and an
interesting paleness of countenance to show
for it; and then Cap. Dutton set out to get

¢ rid of some of that vacation tan via the'
same interesting method

Mr Frank Herkness, lately of the 12-1st
Gallery, is Mr. Willoughby’s successor on
theé 1st Block, and one would be well advised
to have one’s draft cardalong when visiting

‘in the vicinity. And by the way, ‘‘all the

darkies am a-singing, My Old Kentucky

—_—

American losses to date;.killed, 19.985;

~ wounded; 34.521; missing and prisoners6.272;
~total, 60.778. -

. one is dead and gone.

‘everything in its place and a place

THE DEPUTY WARDEN .

 In previous issues of the UMPIRE we have
read extracts taken from outside publica-
tions defining the many dutiesof a Warden,
as well as a prison Chaplain, and we were
greatly surprised to hear of the many respon-
sibilities, that we had had no idea of at all
rested upon the shoulders of these two offi-
cials. ’

But if all the numerous duties of a Deputy
Warden could be made known we would
probably be more surprised, and if but half
acquainted with all that he has to put up
with during the length of a day, we would
also probably be less ready to criticise, for
when one considers that among 1400 convicts
one almost meets with as many different
temperaments and whims, and that not a
day goes by without at least a hundred or
more are clamoring for something, prisoners
as well as Keepers, and that it is up to the
Deputy Warden to listen to them all, and to
decide impartially, and as far as possible to.
pacify them all, one can get a small idea of
how his patience must be tried. Itis up to
him to find quarters for every newcomer,
to separate and pacify those who can not get
along together, to see that justice is done to
those who are wronged, to investigate and
decide all complaints to mete outpunishment
or to forgive, and in a hundred different
other capacities run the gauntlet of criti-
cism and comment,—his job is indeed no
sinecure,—and it takes a strong and able

"man to fill it—.

Therefore realizing that a few words of praise
while alive are a thousand times mere app1o-
priate and welcome than a whole page after
This little tribute is
paid today. As

““Bob’’ Meyers, our Deputy Warden.
isa dlsmplmarlan, who like the sailor expects
for
everything, and who knows from his twenty-
five years experience among convicts that
strict, but just rules and the obedience of
same, is the only way to remould one into
manhood,—and though he at times may
seem rude and unjust to some, it is un-

doubtedly to their best interest, and again,

only those who are not fair to themselves
and to their neighbors, and whose conscience
bothers them, need fear to be hauled before
his judgement seat,—so if you play fair, you
will find in ‘“Bob’’ as good a friend as you
want to have, and if you meet him with the
smile of honesty, he will smile with you,—
but if your countenance expresses the evi-
dence of a lie, then you might receive from
him what you justly deserve,—and that is
as it should he.— B—7401

OVER THE WALL

By a new ruling of the War Department

enlisted men can obtain commissions without
the need of going thru an officer’s training
camp. Special army boards will pass upon
their qualifications. You need to step lively

these days would you escape Old Man Oppor-

tunity.

The Influenza lid is lifted in the city.

Saloons, theaters, and moving-picture
houses will re-open Wednesday. The epide-
mic is practically at an end locally, with a
total of deaths to date, of 11.245. In New
York there has been more than 12.000deaths
to date; while in the training camps the total
is im excess of 14.000, more than have been
killed in the war.
increase in the coal regions, and in the wes-
tern part of the State.
Pacific Coast, and in San Francisco all are
ordered to wear masks a la E.S.P., old style.

.Here’s hoping our ban will be banished

soon.

We didn’t take those three shots of serum,
tho strongly advised to do so; and now we
rather regret it.
marked improvement in the morals of the
Institution, as we ecan only acount for on
the supposition that the serum was good for
moral as well as purely physical ailments.

The epidemic is on the

o

It has reached the

There has been such a

Can it be that a universal panacea has been

discovered that will cure all mental, moral,

- physical and financial ills? Just to show
6(B0b”~

what effect it has, His Excellency the
President of the H. F. C. hasn’t lost a game
of dominoes since taking, and neither by
the same token, has Doug’ won one!

We are doing no lessthan justice in calling
the attention of our fellows to theself-sacri-
ficing labors of our number: namely, B.7386,
of the Doctors Staff, who has literally proven
himself the Friend of his kind during the
influenza scare; and has worked almost day
and night in the furtherance of curative and
preventive measures. Being due to be set
at liberty in a few days, he has,we are in-
formed, voluntarily offered, as one thoroly

conversant with the work, to remain and

help until all danger shall be past.
such unselfish devotion we bow humbly, and
the voice of persiflage is stilled.

Before
