---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_174.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE"
mﬁﬂ—:
- Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

 Devoted to the interest and entertainment of lts ro.ders

~ Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
. ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
~ ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addreswad
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.
To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's number

EDITOR
B 8266

Philadelphia, October 30th, 1918.

—_———— e e

THE NEW WAY

In last weeks issue of our standard sheet
- we had our fling at the old methods of pen-
- ology, and had a very pleasant time in voice-
ing our sincere opinion of the same: we now
- blithely turn to consider the newer methods.
s The cardinal principle of the same is the
- dictum that society should punish the crim-

~inal, not to hurt him in retaliation for the

“hurt that he has given, but to reform him.
~ In other words thebrick that he has thrown
isnotreturned him as of yore without the

precaution of wrapping it in a handkerchief,

rather is it kept sorrowfully in his view as’

justification for all the unpleasant proceed-
‘ings, while he is being reasoned with, which
process of reasoning may extend over many
years should the subject prove more than
ordinarily difficult to convince that it ismuch
easier to go with the crowd than to push
thru it, and that as long as the great major-
ity of men are resolved that honesty and
decency shall be the rule of life, it is purely
- waisted effort to attempt to live otherwise.
- The second principle isthat the punishment
should be fitted, not to the crime, but tothe
criminal. Whichis perfectly just, since prob-
ably no two crimes were ever committed
under the same circumstances. Some are
- the result of passion; some of direst need;
. some out of a youth’s revolt against the
| tameness of life; some from pure thought-
lessness; some because of a weak-kneed
~ yielding to the urging of others; few indeed,
are the crimes of calculation, and for such
we hold no brief, but for all others there is
- a cure to be found were it but sought dili-
‘ gently. Remove the moving cause, and you
. must necessarily removethecriminal. Study
 the man in relation to his deeds, and not his
 deeds in relation to the man.
The third principle of the new method is
: that the community should not hate the
. criminal (do we hate our sick in body?) but
- should we wish him-well, and its treatment
- of the criminal should be an expression of
the spirit of curative mercy, and not that of

THE UMPIRE

vindictive justice. Aund we feel like saying
““Ha! Ha! Ha! right out loud at this point,
‘because this is where the new system falls
down the hardest, in spite of all that its ex-
ponentscan door say. Society, which means
the average man, and woman, does have an
instinctive hatred and fear of the criminal
which it will take generations of teaching to
eradicate. How often have we seen a night-
capped head disappear under the covers
when we walked into the bed-room at 1 a.m.
We never have been welcomed, and we

fear we never will. All short story writers
to the contrary.

And lastly, society should depend for its

protection, not on the deterrent power of
fear, but on the inspiring power of hope
and love. And here is the solution. When
the brotherhood of man is real, and not a
catch-word of the ports, when a cop willloan
you a dollar when you're broke, when a
startled house-holder will rise froma warm
bed in the middle of the night to get an in-
truder a cold snack, and then dismiss him
with his blessing and a ‘‘saw-buck’’, and the
promise of a job if he will come around in
the morning, instead of rising with fire in
his eye, and chasing him into the arms of a
cop, or the next county; when His Honor

will patiently listen to, and believe your

laboriously framed excuse, instead of inter-
rupting you before you’re half thru, with
the diplomatically phrased remark thatyou’re
a liar, and handing you ten years with about
the same unction that Salome handed over
J. Baptist’s head on a platter, why, it will
then be only a question of time until crime
becomes as extinct as thedodo. Butwe have
no hopes of living to see it. 5

A GENTLE REMINDER.

Onthe outside the cry isfor men, moremen.
on the inside the cry is for work, more work;
in some cases we will admit, a very feeble
crying, and only to be heard in the silent
midnight hours, but nevertheless a ery, and
one that should be heeded. Nothing can ex-
plain away the fact that we need work, for
many reasons, beside the patrioticimpulse to
be of service in anational crisis, and the fact
isequally plain that our services are urgently
needed, and what remains but to get to-
gether? The easiest thing in the world,
were a little common sense but used. There
are two walls that must be surmounted; a
wall of stone, and a wall of prejudice, and
of the two, the latter is far the more for-
midable: but as Horace Greeley said of the
pother about the resumption of specie pay-
ments, ‘‘The way to resume, is to resume’’
so the way to utilize prison lsbor, is to
utilize it in the best- way possible at the
moment, and improve matters as you go
along.

Load those of our number who wouldn’t be
injured by exposure to the air, into a truck,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison |
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen- :
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30

A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 P.M. 2

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. &
_m-——_m-——:———

POPULATION STATISTICS
Entered during Week endmg October 24th. 1
Released ‘¢ e 2 9
Died : A : 1=
Prison population o 1842
Latest serial Number £ ‘B 9393

and shoot them down to Hog Island, or up
to the Frankford Arsenal ~we believe it has
a wall around it, so it might be more accept-
able to the Mrs. Grundy’s— and let us really
do our ‘‘bit’’ and then shoot us back again
at night, all pleasantly a-flutter with the
knowledge ‘‘that somethingattempted. some-

thing done, has earned a night’s repose’’, -
‘and with our pockets all a-bulge with hard-

earned dollars, and doughnuts, and milk-
bottles, and Uneeda biscuit, and other SPOLIS
OPIMA; or fire about a million yards of
cloth in here; give us all a needle, and some
thread, and arnica for the inevitable punc-
tures, and not a man of us but would guaran-
tee to turn out a uniform a week, and who
can doubt but  Americans would be found
brave enough to wear them.

We’ve given all the “dough’”’ we’ve had
in hand, or in prospect, and we’d like the
opportumty of making more, that we can
enjoy again that pleasant feeling of being
a cross between a patriot and a millionaire
philanthropist that is ours when we have
tossed our last dollar into the war- -pot.

P _

Stop digging up your past and thus mak
ing yourself unhappy andboring your friends,
and don’t be eternally planning to far ahead.

Live now.

\

You choose your own destiny What you

-think about most soon becomes part of your
own character.

2

A chemical firm in Germany advertises a
new drug which will deaden the pangs of

hunger and ‘‘enable one to hold out until the

next time.’’ It is not claimed that the drug

will take place of food, but only that it will

jessen suffering from lack of food.

SR ey O

