---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_175.jpg
---
HITS OR FOULS ‘THE WOMAN’S PART- - OFFICE OF THE SURGEON,

CAMP MEIGS, WASHINGTON D. C.
Ogtober 21st, 1918.

' There’s many a chap in here more polish-

than his shoes would indicate. “Killed in action’’ the message read:

And they had been but one year wed-
A brief accompanying word of praise;
A medal for the neighbor’s gaze.

Inmate B; 9152,
The Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia Pa.

My dear Sir:—

‘We have just been reading of a man who

e*d’on onions alone; and it is our expert gha could not picture him as dead
Fa 2 9

His farewell kisses thrilled her yet-
‘“‘He was so glad of life.”” she said,
And knowing that her eyes were wet,

‘ For very pride of that she read,
i) We were suffering all last week from con-  How he had led the wild onset;

usion of the integument under the orbit; "Falhng as the foemen fled, =
ith extravasation of blood; ecchymosis of
the surrounding cellular tissue, which was
‘Tm a tumefied state; and abrasion of the cut- That day there echoes down the street,

I am in receipt of your letter of October
18th, conveying the advice of the gift of a
number of games of ‘‘Go-Bang’’ for the
Hospital at this Station. This opportunity is
taken of thanking you and assuring you of
their acceptance with due appreciation.

The spirit depicted in your letter is most
commendable. It is inconceivable by a red-
blooded American, regardless of hissocial po-

Dead, on their utmost parapet.

1at the’re your own things.

more addicted to the
the ‘setting-up’’ exercise.

noodle

ive mood.

attentive to his military duties.

S

Wifey—‘‘John, there’s a burglar down
tai He’s in the pantry where all my pies

- pr ‘v1d1ng always that you make sure first

A casual onlooker in the Yard might be
pardoned for thinking our ‘‘army’’ much
‘‘sitting-down’’ than

Doc™—*‘I don’t like your heart action.
Did you ever have any trouble with angina

’. mania.

- Did you ever notice how pleased you are
‘discovering some fault in" another? Did
u ever feel the same way about yourself?

‘The other day when we found a needle in
r soup, we knew at once that it was purely a
ypographlcal error: that it should have been

f ice-cream and oranges go with inﬁuenza
that epidemic is going to find us in re-

- There are pleasant rumors that a canteen
‘soon be installed at ‘‘Camp Casey.”’
1d this prove to be the case, we know
officer in particular who’s going to be far

All of which certifies that we had a The trampling of the homing feet,

There will be none for her to greet.

Her vengeance riges like a flame:
-Surely they ask not God in vain,

That He should champion the weak?-
‘‘God give them to the eagle’s beak!”’

His face smiles on her from the wall;
-His son it is upon her knee-
He was so gallant, strong, and tall,
And never more his face to see!
She reads the meaning of it all;
The weary years that are to be:
And says, ‘‘Nor any spring, nor fall,
Shall ever bring him back to me.

Remembering a world to save,
From arch-dominion of the knave,
The woman’s part is to be brave.
B.8266

It has been our policy to avoid the lime._
light, but we are forced to emerge from our
deserved (?) obscurity, having lately been
accused of plagiarism; which we at first
thought was a disease, but on consulting
Webster found to be a mild form of Klepto-
Henceforth we shall attach our
’moniker’’ to such atrocities in verse as we
may be really guilty of perpetrating, and as
for the rest we shall blame them on their
respective authors if the guilty parties are
known, ifnot they must go uncredited, we re-
fuse to longer bear the entire blame.

Having thus divested ourself of the veil of

: anonymity which has hitherto shielded us,

we beg of you, brother gentlemen of the

“‘pen’’, that you will fire first!.

THE EDI TOR

Everybody likes and respects self-made
men. It is a great deal better to be made in
that way than not to be made at all.-Holmes.

Eyes that see and hearts that understand
are things essential for true appreciation of
the universe, yet how few ofuspossessthem!

How many of us are making the mistake
of living either in the past or in the future
thus failing to appreciate the present in all

_its fulness!

sition, that anyone can be content to allow
this war to pass with all its activities and
immense incentives to patriotic endeavor
while he remains negative. No doubt this
sentiment burns in the hearts of many sim-
ilarly situated as yourselves. Society is
complex. Penal Institutions have, or should
have, ceased to be a means of punishment— °
rather, they should be the factory of rehab-
ilatating men from wrecks. If there is to
be no forgiveness, no restitution, repentance
must be love’s labor lost. The spirit exhib-
ited by you and your fellows is an exhibition
of real patriotism, for you are doing your
bit by the only means at your command, and
will no doubt, be recognized as such.
Again thanking you, I am,
Yours very truly,
M. L. CRUM
Major, M. C.

NO BOLTS OR BARS AT
THIS HONOR FARM

ANNANDALE, N. J . Oct. 22.—The value
of the honor system in handling young prison-
ers of the State Reformatory employed in
working the State farms in Hunterdon County
has been fully demonstrated, according to
Frank Moore, -superintendent of the Institu-
tions, in his annual report to Governor Edge.
Mr. Moore believes the “system, combined
with healthful outdoor work, is the best
devised for effecting reform among young
prisoners. Right from the start the boys
employed at the farm have been placed on
their honor, He says:

Living quarters were fixed up for the
first of them in a farm house and the first
night they were there the Officer in charge
E. Smith Hoover. told them he and other
officers were going to another farmhouse
and would leave them alone, on their honor
for the night. Their have been no locks,
bars, bolts, watchman or anything whatsoever
that would make the farm any different from
any other in the country ,and never once has
the trust reposed in the prisoners been
broken.’’ :

