---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_176.jpg
---
£

- the hands of the Board of Governors.

THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Ban upon all local assemblages, still
holding, it was impossible for any meeting
of the Board of Delegates to be held during
the past week,and conduect of the affairs of
the Club have been necesarily left entirely in
It
was thought best to fill the office of Secre-
tary, filled pro tem. by B. 8266, and a Com-
mittee was thereby appointed at the Oct. 21
meeting of theBoard of Governors to make
the votes of the Delegates, and on this being
done it was found that B. 8265 had been
elected to the vacant office.

Appointments for the week were: B. 9323
to be Delegate, 12-1st Gallery, vice B. 5936
removed. The following were admitted, or
restored to membership in the Club: B. 9368-
25cts. 9381-25cts. 8371-25¢ts. 9382-25¢ts. 9362-
10cts. 7633; 9365; 9366; 9380; 9378; 9088; 7929;
re-instated, B. 8705; 9038.

Expenditures of the week: Thrift Stamps,
$1.00; Loan to B. 8642, $5.00; Loan to B. 7959,
$5.00; Theatre Magazine, 1 yrs. subscription
$3.50 Flowers for late Mr. Enckler, $12.00.

Receipts of the week were: from Circulat-
ing Library Sales, $7.25; from donations, $1.25
fromsales by courtesyof Mrs. Bartlett, $22. 05.

Another successful Saturday afternoon’s

- outing in the Yard, and no hint of illweather

to mar, So passes a Spring, Summer, and fall
season, without an afternoon being lost by
reason of foul weather; verily some record
for the H. F. C. Were our ego like to the
Kaiser’s we would probably pause here and
make some world-thrilling remark anent our
own particular ‘‘Gott,”’ and his favors to us,
but being of somewhat humbler temperament
we will merly point out the coincidence, and
leave it to our intelligent readers to figure
out the why and wherefore of our being so
favored. We would ask our esteemed
President if he was acquainted with the Locaj

_Weather Man, did we not feel perfectly
assured that the Hon. Rube would never

condescend to stoop to bribery to gain his
ends.

The day was featured by an open-air min-
strel performance, which was easily the
best offered us this season, as it was probably
the last, as we are hopeful of being permitted

‘to give an entertainment in the Hall on the

coming Saturday. Our local Troubadours
seem to improve with age, contrarywise to
their jokes, and they were at their best on
Saturday last; especially the inimitable
‘‘String-Bean’’. whose ‘‘business’’ was so
mirth provoking as to cause even the writer,
who was in a more than ordinarily villainous
mood, to grin broadly at unexpected moments.

The program of music, songs, jokes, re-

. partee,/and farcical ‘‘business’’ wasg widely

varied, and exceedingly well rendered thru-
out; both song-birds, and joke-smiths being

¢‘String Bean’’,

in the best of form, and the audience showing
it’s appreciation of their efforts, by almost
continuous laughter, aud frequent and voci-
ferous applause. Messrs. Frenchy, Van,
Harris, and Joe. were the bright, particular
stars of the song-birds, tho D. C. mentioned
something about a ‘‘Little Lump of Sugar
Waiting Down in Dixie’’ with tears in voice;
while he, and the ‘‘String Bean’’ had every-
thing their own way as the fun-makers of the
troupe. D. C. as a duellist was equal to that
German long-range gun which was the only
way the Huns could reach Paris, and the
tho armed with a razor
which would have frightened a Filipino,
wisely declined the combat. The latter as
a ‘‘heathen Chinee’’ could have washed any-
body’s shirt in the audience at double rates.

We are very much indebted to Messrs,
BarringtonGarnette, Count et al. managers;to
the musicians and most of all to the per-
formers for their eminently successful efforts
to entertain us, and help us for the moment
to forget a war-and-influenza racked world,
and dwell, for a time at least, in an empire
of pure fun; and we do here-with extend to
them the sincere thanks of all, for- their
very arduous labors in our behalf.

THE AMERCAN RED CROSS
NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, D. C.

October 21st, 191
Mr. Charles Scott, Jr., Manager, |
Penna. Division, A. R. C., '
1601 Walnut St.
Phila., Pa.

Dear Sir:— ~

Your letter of October 12th to the Bur-
eau of Purchases in regard to the donation
from the Eastern Penitentiary has been re-
ferred to this deﬁartment which handles all
correspondence in regard to contributions
restricted to specific purposes.

We note that the Inmates of the Eastern
State Penitentiary have collected $1,405.47
which they wish to donate to the Red Cross
for the purchase of one Ford Ambulance and
one kitchen trailer. While we would greatly
appreciate this giftand could arrange for the
proper marking of the kitchen trailer and
the ambulance, we could not comply with the
request that these machines be placed on ex-
hibition for the men of this institution to see,

We have received to date over $600,000
designated for ambulances. A great many
of the contributions carry with them requests
to have the ambulances exhibited, and we
have been forced to advise the donors that
an exhibition could not be arranged. You
are undoubtedly aware that freight facilities
are being taxed to the utmost and, to comply
with this particular request, might necessi-
tate our complying with many others. We
would suggest, therefore, that youdiscourage

the contributors in the idea of attempting f

have the articles exhibited. :
Yours very truly,

(Signed) L. J. Hunter,

THE AMERICAN RED CROSS
PENNSYLVANIA-DELAWARE-DIVISION

October, 22, 1918

From F. Corlies Morgan.

Subject Donation from the Eastern Peniten- i

tiary.

Attention of J B. Townsend—Exec. Director.
Replying to yours of the tenth concerning

the desire of the Inmates of the Eastern State

Penitentiary to have on exhibition the ambu-
lance and kitchen which they very gener-
] I am en-
closing herewith a copy of a letter today re-

ously donated to the: Red Cross,

ceived from National Headquarters.
I regret very much that it is impossible

for us to comply with Warden McKenty’s
request, but think he will understand our po-
sition in the matter and will be satisfied with

this decision of National Headquarters.
We will, of course, be very glad to have

the proper plates placed on the ambulance
and trailer and we have at the Division a
large sized map of the kitchen trailer which
we would be glad to have sent to the Pen.

for exhibition if the Inmates so desire.

If there is anything further which I can

do in the matter, please advise me. ,
‘Very truly youres, .
(Signed) F. Corlies Morgan

Acting Division Manager.

-AMERICAN RED CROSS
SOUTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA CHAPTER

October 24th. 1918

Warden Robert J. McKenty -

Eastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, Pa.
My dear Warden McKenty:

regard to the exhibition of the motor ambu-

lance and kitchen trailer, and I regret that

it is not possible to exhibit them as hopedfor

by you. ;
The Acting Division Manager, Mr. Morgan,

suggests that he has alarge sized map of the 4
kitchen trailer, which could be sent to the
If you would

Penitentiary for exhibition.
like this done kindly let me know. :
' Very sincerely yours,
J.B.Townsend ;
. Executive Director

_ I am enclosing
copies of two letters received this date with

This is regrettable, but weattachnostrings :

to our gifts. ED.

The U.S. Government takes over the Inas- i

much Mission as a barracks for the Students
Army Medical Training Corps. No use

heading for there, boys, head for the Galilee!

7

