---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_177.jpg
---
~ November is for 290.773 white,
~ yet unnamed number of negro registrants.

 marines.

the Slovaks,

‘ Sa.llt government is in charge.
The results of this war to

on the Meuse.
tures 22 Boches, and 8 guns. |
ted to have been not entirely satisfied with

“his ‘‘bag’’. ‘ : 2

~ total 65.582.

~ of his closing order.

THE UMPIRE

OVER THE WALL

Armistice terms to be offered to Germany,

_are said to be that she must withdraw her
armies 30 miles behind the Rbhine,

leaving
behind them all munitions, efe; and surrender
Heligoland, and the fleet, including the sub-
i We don’t believe our Doc’ could
evolve a bitterer pill than this. -

Austria surrenders unconditionally after her

armies are routed by the Italians on the

Piave; 100.000 prisoners, and 1600 guns being
taken. Hungary; Bohemia; Croatia et al,
declare their independence; revolt spreadsin
Austria proper, while the fleet surrenders to
and general anarchy reigns.
Austria fuit.

Turkey surrenders unconditionally to the

Allies, and a reign of terror sets in at home.

King Boris, of Bulgaria, who ascended the
~ throne on Oct. 3d, has abdicated, and a pea-
Half Europe
is a mad-house.
date, should be enough warning to every-

 body to think tw1ce before they start some-

thln g. ;

" Americans continue to advance irresistibly
One lone Philadelphian cap-

B L c———

Gen. Crowder Draft call-for the month of
and an as

%13 502 of these will come from Pennsylvanja.
We confess to a loss of interest in the
other fellow’s going.

American losses to date: dead, 21.390;
wounded, 37.759; prisoners and m1ssxng6 433;

/

0 i‘I‘)'o‘ctor Royer, State Health Commissioner,
quarantlnes Lancaster becauseofdisobedience
All train, trolley, vehi-
cular, and pedestrlan to and from the city is

e sent to enforce. The ban is finally lifted
y a court order. Lancaster for the time
ust have easily been' the biggest jail in

And is repor-

Philadelphia November 6th. 1918

<

PEACE

He’s crying for peace, the yellow cur,

With his legions in cowardly flight,
He’s begging the chance he never gave
France

When he struck hke a thief at night.
But he didn’t cry peace four years ago

As he murdered a cringing child—
When Belgium’s death was the Hun’s life
breath,

And his bloody hordes ran wild.

He’s begging to save his tarnished crown
And his vandal sons as well.

With his heart of stone he craves the throne
Of a race matured in hell.

But he didn’t mind thrones four years ago
As he slaughtered babes at play.

When with beastly stroke the world’s war

broke
And his clans acclaimed ‘‘The Day.”’

So he’ll get the peace that he deserves
And mercy’s a missing ban.
When his blinded slaves are
graves.
And we’ve crushed his filthy clan.

When we’ve rid the world of a cancerous sore
And banished the golden fleece—
‘When the last Hun’s gone,

clean pure dawn—

We’ll grant the Kaiser peace.
—JOHN R. ROBINSON,

19th Cg., C. O. T. S., Camp Gordon, Ga.

The beautiful thingsA are alwéys the single
things, like Mother’s love, a heartsong asun.
rise, a friendship, a prayer.

in- trench-like

and there’s

1t was thought inadvisable by the Pricon
Administration to lift the ban upon visitors,
until after a thoro house-cleaning, disinfect-
ing, etc. had been effecteq, and so that con-
templated ‘‘touch’’ must be again postponed,
unless it can bemade to work by mail. Next
Monday, November, 11th, we are authorati-
vely informed will be the date of the Grand
Opening--Inthemeantime, the disease hasbe-
come practically a negligible quantity in the
city, butis still raging unchecked over wide
sections of the State, and country.

.The E.S.P. ‘“Volunteers’’ in recognition of
his splendid work in bringing the ‘“Army’’
safely intact thru thelate siege of influenza,
have been pleased to confer the Honorary
Grade of Surgeon General, upon Dr. H W.
Hassell, Resident Physician of the Institution
and latest reports have it that the recipient
is wearing his laurels full modestly. No
member of the Volunteers will row dare to
be ill; for he will be court-martialed who’d
refuse to take a pill,

HOME RUNS

Mr. Johnny McKenty, and Mr. Butler, are
once more ornamenting the Parole Office,
and are said to be quite their old selves; but,
alas, for poor Joe! The unsympathetic ep-
idemic slipped away without giving him the
slightest attention, at which he is reported
to be slightly ‘‘peeved.”’ 3

Mr. Matt Campbell, erstwhile guardian of
the 7th Block Corner, has been transferred
to the 2d Block, as manager of the Laundry;
the Princess Theater, ete. ‘“Matt’’ is said
to be undecided whether to regard this as a
compliment, or the reverse.

~ Messrs. Collins, and Costell, but lately or
the ‘‘silent watches of the night,”” have
been transferred to the Day Force, where

- we have hopes of their shining as brilliantly

as in their former environment—and then
some. ® : B

The E. S. P. ““Army’’ suffered a grievous
shock on a day of last week, when ““Briga-
dier General’” Myers descended on Camp
Casey about the hour of nones, and in a few
minutes quite wrecked the ambitions of
some ofthe warriors to shine as ‘‘wallflowers’”
in our local society. It’s ‘““Work, or drill”’
with ‘‘Gen.’”’ Bob, and the Colonel says
““The will of Allah be done.”’ :

The Board of Parole met on Monday of
last week, and signified to some 26 of our
number that they might expect at no di:
tant date to be. allowed to go out into a
swiftly speeding world, and hustle for a li
ing; and sounds as of celebrations discreet

held were immediately heard  on su‘n‘drj
Blocks, and Galleries. Among the more
distinguished of the many who will be leav-
ing, we would name the estimable Bob
Perry, B 3998, as perhaps the most widely
known, and respected, by officers, and Tn—
mates. As a dispenser of soda-water we
beg pardon, we mean drugs—Bob has no
superiors and few equals; and has been--

known to ‘‘con’’ a doubtful recipient of his
boun'y into coming back for a second help

‘5

The Hon. Rube was away on a “huntlng
trip during a part of last week: his 1t1nerary
including Reading, Haerbmg, York, and
Lancaster. The Hon. reports ¢ game” to@e
both scarce, and shy, and blames it on the
War——of course.

