---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_178.jpg
---
\ e

. consumptive to three, or five

‘to them.

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

every Wednesday.
. Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
: Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. :

All communications from inmates should be addreswed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number

EDITOR 7
B 8266 .

Philadelphia, November 6th, 1918.

THE SENTENCE

In our own humble opinion, no man, what-
ever be his crime, should be sentenced to a
definite term in prison. Itis but adding in-
jury to injury, heaping Pelion on Ossa. Im-
prisonment as it has been inflicted, and as it
is in the majority of cases inflicted to-day, is
worse than useless, it is no more a preventive
of crime than sun-flower seed would be, and
in fact, in a large number of cases does in-
finitely more harm than good, as the victim
enters upon his term of imprisonment a half-
baked criminal, as it were, and is turned out
at it’s conclusion, a finished product, with
his eriminal education complete.

Criminal law has always aimed to benefit
society, and it has always failed of it’s object.

It should be aimed to benefit the individ-
ual who is directly responsible for its being,
and then it could succeed. Whynotsentence
the lunatic to three years in an asylum; the
years in a
hospital, and then turn them out at the ex-
piration of this time, irrespective of their "
being curedor no? It would be just as wise as
the present method of sentencing the
criminal. :

A criminal court should determine but the
one thing, the guilt or innocence of the
accused. If he is found guilty, whether the
crime be murder, or the speaking of a dis.
respectful word to the corner ‘‘cop’’, there
should be but one and unvarying sentence
imposed: banishment from the society of free
men, until such timeas a competent body of
men should adjudge him fitted to return to
it. If that time should be long in coming,
or should never come at all, then only he,
himself, would be to blame, and no wails of
injustice could be heard rising on the mid-
night air within prison walls, as at present,
by his own deed he has proven his unfitness
to reside in freedom among his ' fellow
men; by his own deeds must he be restored
If this be not justice, what is it?
It has required a judge and a jury of sup-

THE UMPIRE

posedly intelligent _citizens to deprive him

of his liberty, why not a judge, and a jury of

still more intelligent citizens —if there are
such things, tho from juries we have known,
we doubt it— to restore it? A judge and
jury that cannot be moved by sentiment
that will stick to the cold facts of his record
that will remain coldly impervious to poli-
tical ‘‘pull’’; or the power of money, and
can tell a lie from the truth with out in-
struments. A physician, a lawyer, a clergy-
man, a business man, and a pawn-broker
would be our ideal Board, for we never
could be certain yet that any pawn-broker
believed our tale.

THE SENTENCED

The moment the prison doors close upon a
man, he immediately begins scheming for
liberty. How to get out, and either go thru
the same routine once more, or become the
respectable member of society his mother
always believed him to be, is the one thought
that occupies his mind. All else is subordi-
nate. He obtains all the privileges, and
comforts his money, or superior intelligence
entitles him to, according to his belief and
settles back to his long job of prying those
gates a-jar. He does a little work when the
boss is looking his way; he goes to church of
a Sunday, and sings lustily, and perhaps he
goes to school, and learns to his amazement,
that two and two really make four, and that
a cash-register can be beaten by a good
mathematician. He tries to impress the
officials of his real sincerity of purpose by
an exhibition of industry, ambition, kindness,
generosity, solicitude for his fellow prisoner;
and he is repentant as the day is long. He

takes a cell companion, some poor devil who
has lacked such early advantages as himself.
and he helps him to the extent of his powers,

He makes a man out of some very poor
material. He teaches him perhaps to read,
and write. He shares with him the little
luxuries that he obtains, and is in all things
an influence for good. And to those whom
he has injured in the outside world, he makes
such restitution, and atonement as may be
possible, and promises more. He saves his
money, and bears proudly a bank-book ag
evidence of the same. Does he do all these
things? Gentlemen, we leave it to you.

Turkey offers to capitulate to the Allies
while Austria is reported preparing to de-
mobilize her armies and surrender. Berlin
is preparlng to send another note to the
Pres1dent but meanwhile the Allied advance
goes merrily on, with the Italians starting
something on the Piave, and oh! wouldn’t
we hate to be a Hun!

Toreplace worn heels on shoes an inventor
has patented a seperate heel that can be
attached without the use of tools,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

—_—

General services are held on the various'
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-

itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30

A M.,
2 P.M.

1st & 8rd Thursdays each month

Jewxsh services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. A

POPULATION STATISTICS
Entered during week endmg October 24th. 3 &

1

Released ¢¢ e 0 4
Died ;

Prison population L ste 1349
Latest serial Number 84 ‘B 9396

A witty social worker once described the

correctional institutions of a certain great

city as ‘‘work houses where nobody works,
penitentiaries where no one repents, and re-
formatories where no one is reformed.”’
Such sweeping judgments can now be truth-
fully passed on the penal institutions of
very few states. Steadily the idea—and it is

a fundamentally Christian idea—is growing

that the average inmate of a jail can be so
dealt with that upon his release he can re-
sume his place in society, and be counted, as
an asset instead of a liability.

Since the Americans began in Septemb'gr :
the battle of the Meuse, they have inflicted
more than 70.000 casualties on the enemy;

freed some forty towns and villages; and

about 195 square miles of French territory,
and have taken more than 20.000 prisoners.
More power to their arm, hurroo!

King of Siam’s bod\yguard has 400 armegd :
women. He’s one king that’s guarded to
suit his taste.

A cubic mile of river water weighs ap-

proximately 4,205,650,000 tons and carries

in solution on the average about 420,000—~
tons of foreign matter. In all about 2 735,

000,000 tons of solid substances are thus
» carried annually to the ocean.

Some of the supplies that the Y. M. C. A.
hag recently shipped to France show the ex-
tent and nature of its service to the boys
overseas: 5,000,000 bottles of ‘‘pop,’’ 10,000, -
000 sheets of writing paper, 6,000,000 envel-
opes, 2,500,000 packages of chewing gum,
200 motion-picture machines, 100 phonograghs
2500 phonograph records, 200,000 Testaments,
$100,000 worth of athletic supplies and great
quantities of toilet articles and food. :

