---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_179.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

HITS OR FOULS

The man who is-all the time making new
friends is only advertising the fact that his
old ones are ‘‘on’’ to him.

Jack—‘“Why do they use knots on the
ocean instead of miles?”’

Jim—*‘So they can keep the ocean tide, of
course, idiot!’’ :

We are almost certain that the majority
of our number believe honesty to be the best
policy, but then so few of us insist on keep-
ing the premiums paid up.

‘“What’s your name?’’ deprecated Tom

Collins to a new arrival to the E. S. P.
‘“Well, boss,’’ arrogated the son of Ham, "’

_ pretty near everywhere ah goes, dey gives

me anew one, but mah maiden name was
Moses.”’

Some of us are kept so very busy handing
out advice, that we never find time to take
our own medicine.

Jake—*‘Did you ever hear the story of the
two holes?’’ .

Pete—‘‘No, what is it?’’

Jake—‘“Well! Well!”’

Pete—‘‘Did you ever here the story of the
twomen?”’ !

Jake—‘“What is it?”’

Pete—*‘‘He! He!”’

~

~ Apparently our relatives only remember
the things we might have accomplished, but
didn’t. '

The Doctor had been called in haste to see
'a small negro lad who was ill. After a
brief examination the doctor announced
““This boy has eaten too much watermelon.”’

“‘Oh, Doctor,’’ expostulated the parent of
the ailing one, dey ain’t no sich thing as too
much watahmilyun.
" ain’t got 'nough c’pacity.”’

Editor-¢‘Did you ever read proof.’’
~ Would-be Compositor- ‘‘No, who wrote it?”’
__Editor is assisted from the scene.

““A horse ran away with me once, and I
wasn’t out for three months.’’ said the man
~on the coal-pile.
*“That’s nothing,’’ remarked the man on
‘the ground, ‘‘I'ran away with a horse once,
and I wasn’t out for two years.”’

Dat air pic’ninny jus’

-“PAROLED”’-

Only three months more to wait,

Till they open wide the Gate;

Oh, say, fellows, ain’t it great?
‘Now you’re paroled.

Let winter come, or winter go,

Let ’er rain, or let ’er snow,

What do you care, now you know
You’re paroled?

Soon you’ll go a-walkin’ down,
Main Street in the old home town,
Lookin’ up, an’ lookin’ ‘round,
Just been paroled.
Tryin’ not t’ let folks see,
You’re fresh from the E.S.P.;
Tryin, not to look too free,
You’re paroled!

Can’t you smell the buckwheat cakes
All a-float in gravy lakes;
An’ the pie that mether makes,
An’ you paroled!
Can’t you feel that feather bed,
With two pillows at the head;
An’ you’re goin’ to play you’re dead,
You’re paroled!

Course you’re sorry for your pal,
Who must stay behind the wall,
Doin’ ten, or twelve, or ‘‘all”’,

An’ you paroled!
So you say ‘‘Don’t worry, Jack,
Cause you see, when times go slack,

~ Mebbe I’ll be comin’ back,

To the fold!
- B.8266

SOLID FACTS WHICH THE GOOD FOLKS
DON'T SEEM TO GET AROUND

That Washington swore a blue streak*
sometimes, while in the thick of battle.

That Bob Ingersoll died a beautiful death-
something that can’t be accounted for.

That Grant drank so heavily-his general-
ship saved the Union.

That Colonel Goethals built the Panama
Canal smoking cigarettes. Ask him. 4

That Lincoln used to crack jokesofa
nature that probably wouldn’t pass muster
at a Suffrage Purity Club. " Just think ofthe
harm this man accomplished!

That the piles of dead bodies which had
stopped the enemy’s invasions were not all
Sunday-school boys. :

That if it had’t been for all the aforesaid
sinners, the immaeculate ones would never
be enjoying their safety and freedom of
speech which theyso injudiciously use. Thank
God for the sinners who rushed in where the
gelf-sainted feared to tread.

There is an unconfirmed rumor that the-

Third Block will be again quarantined; a
case of condensed milk having been found en

it.

: : 3

DOFF STRIPES TO WIN WAR

More than 600 prisoners paroled from the

Illinois state penitentiary, the Pontiac re-

formatory and the southern Illinois peniten- 5

tiary at Chester are making munitions for
the men behind the guns.

to stand behind the men behind the guns.
This use of what has been considered the
unavailabe- manpower, and the desire of the
paroled men to justify the opportunity that
has been given them, is the result of the
recently inaugurated industrialparole system
of the board of pardons and paroles.

men were subscribing so heavily to the fourth
Liberty loan as to make a distinct addition
to the response of Rock Island county to the
loan. The men have been released from

Joliet, Pontiac and Chester, and are employ-

ed by the government in Rock Island war
work and munition plants. They work
without guards, live as free men and are
paroled to Fred W. Renck, Superintendent
of the state free employment bureau at
Rock Island to whom they make their report.
They are known to many of the other men

among whom they work, but officials saythat ‘\_f;—:;':f'

the knowledge seems to make no difference,
and the paroled men stands onthefooting won
by their behavior and the work they can do.

Their severest criticism and most jealous

observation, it is said, is among their own
number. A man who would break his pa-
role, or otherwise endanger the belief of the
parole board in the advisability of the plan,
would be literally in danger of his life at the
hands of his comrades whose liberty he would
be jeopardizing. :

The addition of this number of workmen
is valued by employers, it is said. Oneplant
engaged in war work be compelled to close /
but for it. They say the convicts work well,
and are paid good wages, averaging from
$4.50 to $9 a day. Their earnings for the

month of September is estimatedat $40,000,.

and they are onbasis of a half million dollars
ayear. Themensaythey intendtoinvestprac-
tically all their savings up to the present

time in Liberty bonds, and they are organ-

izing to make sure that every man does his
share. The quota is expected to be over$100

per man.
The reports which have come back to the

g Illinois state penitentiary from the men o
granted industrial paroles from that statein-

stitution are most flattering. There is rot
a single one who has not made good, and
while the first of the paroles were granted
in April and there have been heavy additions
eachmonth since that time, not a single com-
plaint has came back of an infraction of the
parole rules.

Warden Murphy and the officials of the in-
stitution are more than pleased with the suc-
cess of the industrial parole system,

> Joliet Evening Herald,

In addition they
are using the money they earn to buy bonds

Public
realization of its extent was first aroused a
few days ago when it was discovered the

