---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_180.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES

There was no meeting of the Board of
Delegates during the week. At the weekly
 meeting of the Board of Governors, the
~ following business was transacted:application
of B. 7392 for loan of $7.00 refused, as being
notwarranted upon investigation. Applicant
~ given letter to prisoner’s Aid Society for
~ fare to home town. B 9352; 6064, and 7100,
 admitted to member-ship. Loan of $25.00
- made to B 9059, to help a sorely stricken
 family -see letter-expendituresof the week,
~ additional to the above named loans were:
$10.00 to the War Chest, being the November
payment; $1.00 for Thrift Stamps; to B. 9075,
for the making of Delegate Caps, $.60; to
~ the McClure Publications, $2.00. Receipts
- of the week were: From Circulating lerary,
- $3.25; donation, $.10.

Use of the Hall being, of course, im-
possible under the embargo conditions yet
existing, Saturday’s outing was necessarily
" held in the Yard; and tho no set form of

- entertainment was provided, the men found
amusement a-plenty, and an enjoyable after-
‘noon was spent by all. The Weather Man
still adhered to  his all-summer’s policy of
supporting to the best of his bent, and Sat-
urday brand was as good as could be expected
of November; in fact it was so bracing as
to lead the Vice-President, A.8432, tc think
himself some half-score of years the younger,
and lead the cohorts three times around the
place, but if he was expecting the walls to
fall down, a la Jericho, he was sadly dis-
“sapointed, for nothing happened except some
~ score of ‘‘casualties’’ on the third round. as
weary marchers sought the friendly shelter
of convenient door-ways.

Board was observed to go straight home to

- bed; while the Colonel spent the most of the

afternoon sitting down; while as for the
~ Secretary, next Saturday he hopes it rains!
- We can’t report the score of the secrub
ball game, for both sides apparently got
‘‘licked’’; and the results of the various
croquet, quoit, checker, chess, and dominoe
games would be interesting only to the par-
ticipants, but from what we saw of the
afternoon’s procedure, our latest ‘““pink tea’’
- wasan unqualifiedsuccess.

. - B.8266.
Secretary.

THE HONOR & FRIENDSHIP CLUR

Blooms burg Pa.

October 29th. 1918.
: Mr. R C. McKenty :—

Dear Sir:—

: - I received your kind
letter this morning, just as I was about to
_ carry my darling to her last resting place,
and it gave me strength to bear my awfu]

&

: The ranks of the
-~ Officers held firm, but the Chairman of the

"THE UMPIRE

. trial; just to think some one was praying

for me, even though they were far from me.
God only knows the pain it gave me to lay
them away, never to see the Daddy they
loved so well. But I thank you for your
timely help.
Yours in sorrow.
Mrs

The Eastern State Penitetiary
Philadelphia Pa.
October 29th. 1918,
H.W. Hassell M. D.
Resident Physician
The Eastern State Penitentiary
Dear Sir:—

Pursuant to a Resolution of

the Board of Governors of the Honor and
Friendship Club of the Eastern State Peni-

tentiary, adopted at its meeting of date of
October, 28th inst., we take great pleasure
in conveying to you the thanks of the entire
Inmate body, as expressed thru the medium

of said Board, for your wonderfully success-

ful work in safe-guarding the health of the
Inmates during the late crisis.

Yours was no light task, and your success
in bringing so large abody of men safely thru
a threatened epidemic— to whose virulency
the tale of deathwithoutthe walls bears full-
est witness— has earned, and receiVes a very
real apprematmn from us.

We can give you but our thanks for your
services, and these you kave fullest measure.

- Very respectfully,
The Honor and Friendship Club
B.8266,  Secretary.
OCTOBER 29, 1918.
To THE HONOR AND FRIENDSHIP CLUR.
GENTLEMEN;

The copy of the Resolution of Thanks
adopted by your Board has been handed to
me, and I sincerly appreciate the sentiment
expressed therein. Any success which we
may have had was made possible by the
sincere and cordial cooperation, not only of
the officials in charge, but also. of the
inmates of the Institution, and particularly
the faithful care'of the nurses and assistants.

As you know, a number of the prisoners—
voluntarily and without remuneration worked
faithfully and cheerfully in attending these
cases, risking su:kness themselves to help
their fellow-prisoners, My thanks,
yours, are due to them.

Agam expressing my- apprematlon I am,

Cordially yours.
H. W. HASSEL

Everybody has their definition of an op-
t1m1st ours is, an optimist is always good
““copy’’ for a paragrapher.

and

——ee

Don’t think for a minute you can’t in fact

it would be much better for you not ‘to
think you can‘t at all.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes—brushes halr-brushes.
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢c to
$5.00. B 1381, 7th Block. CRE)

ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var-
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-
ruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray
treatments for facial defects of any descrip-
tion, B 6533, 7th. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered B8939,
8th Block. Cell 22

LOOCK—First-class pin- cushlon shoes for "'-‘,_
sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block. /5

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
klnds of noveltles for sale B 8203 6th B

STATE PRISONERS CAN’ TWORK FOR
UNITED STATES i

HARRISBURG, OcCT. 30. Inmates of the
penitentiaries and prisons of Pennsylvania
cannot be legallv employed in the manufact-
ure of supplies or munitions for the United
States Government because the recent Act
establishing the Prison Labor Commission
and regulating employment of prisoners 'prb—
vides that they may manufacture only for the
State the counties or public insti Itutions,
according to an opinion given today by
Attorney General Brown to Eastern Peniten-
tiary authorities. Mr. Brown, however, says
that while the employment of such prisoners
on Government work is at present restricted
‘it may be assumed that the Legislature
which will convene for its biennial session
within a few months will take ‘cognizance o
the exigencies provided by the partxclpatxon' v
of our country in the world war and will pro-
vide such temporary changes in our laws in
this matter and all others which will place at
the disposal of the Federal Go 7ernment
thefull andunrestricted resourcesoftheState
including the inmates of our prisons,
am informed, desire to aid their fellows on
the outside to winthe. war.”’

We had the pleasure lately of perusxng a
letter from Mr. Frank Tees, who at date of

. writing was still intact, and struggling de

sperately to keep up with the retreatlng_
Hun. In his odd moments, when not engag-
ed in dodging inquisitive bullets, shells, ete,
and sniffing for gas, he collects sou’vem'rs‘
d’occasion, two of which ‘were shells, but
which the Hon. Walter’s vigilance Qucceed-'
ed in preventing. us annexing. We are
frankly envious when we consider hew our
own early efforts in the collecting line, wer
nipped in the bud by a cold]y unsympathe
policeman.

Who T R
