---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_181.jpg
---
of the country, on Thursday last.

'THE UMPIRE

"VOL. V

Philadelphia November 13th. 1918

NO. 45

HOME RUNS

Yes, we were stung; along with the rest
When the
news of the supposed signing of the Armis-
tice reached us, and we heard the tumult in
the city without, proclaiming the warended,
we immediately started in to celebrate, even
tho the news spelled disaster to our hope of
getting into a really worth-while scrap. An
impromptu parade was staged by the ‘‘Army”’
and it’s ‘‘camp-followers,’’ with most of the

~ foot-loose inmates joining in, and headed by

the band, and led by an officer of the H.F.C.
who shall be nameless-he afterward claimed

_he was talking in his sleep-circled about the

Institution cheering lustily. In the evening
a band concert was given on the Center, in
which Chevalier Toni’s Troubadoursacquitted

 themselves monstrous well, and then we

went to bed feeling very happy to wake in
the morning and find that Sherman had said
it all long, long ago.

——

The E.S.P once more is functioning nor-

- mally after a month’s intensive quarantine

and such a fumigating, disinfecting, and
kalsomining, as almost moved us to seek
winter quarters elsewhere. The influenza
situation has locally ceased to exist, and
we all breath a bit more freely, and are lost

~ in a vast admiration of our own exceeding

good luck. That of some 1850 soulsbut three
should be fatally stricken reflects great
credit upon all concerned with our safety,
and we cannot be sufficiently grateful for
the precautions taken to insure our safety.

Personally wehadonedreadfulmoment, when
the Doctor stood by our bedside, while a
satellite inserted a divining-rod into our
breathing apparatus, stifling the winged
words we would willingly have spoken. But
we had providentially been warned of his
coming, and had been industriously running
cold water over our heated brow, and fevered

- pulse, and so, somewhat, we fear; to Doc’s

disgust, we registered normal, and he was
forced o go off empty-handed. And we’ve
been hale and cheerful ever since.

Our local Diogenes, ‘‘Col. Long Tom”’
Collins, after a bout with the ‘‘flu”’ which
left him looking but a pale replica of his

 former self; and feeling as he feelingly ex-

presses it, like a dry drummer in a dry town,
once more infests the purlieus of the Ber-

tillon Room, and has supposedly resumed his
 quest which he new admits to be well-nigh

hopeless.

GERMANY SIGNS
_ AND
WE WRITE FREE VERSE

We write this to the music
—Glad, great, glorious music—
Of ten thousand whistles,
Crying ‘‘Victory!’’ thru the night;
And we’re wonderfully happy,
That it’s all over,
Over there.
We win,
And the boys will be coming back;
And we’re magnificently sad,
That we didn’t get in it;
And our tears persist
In gathering on our nose,
Instead of running down our cheeks,
As they should do,
And we want to yell
Like a three-year old;
And our dignity won’t let us,
So we’re simply ina ______ of a fix,
But we’re better off than Germany,
She’s licked!

We may be here for a good ten years;
And—

We may be here for longer;
Or we may go out,

Via the Seventh Block corner;
Whatever happens, '

We don’t care!
For we’re free: _

Free of the menace of the Hun.
Free of all the years to come: i

Fear of the dread and fear of Kings,
And Kaisers.

And we know this,
That never again,

Will we have so glad a waking;
Because we won’t have to whip Germany

Twice in a lifetime;
She’ll stay licked!

B.8266

Our Star Reporter, Doug’, and our ditto

Foreman; Jack, have both- succambed to
that Lure of the out-door wind so feelingly
spoken of by the poets, and are apparently
trying -to usurp the Kaiser’s somebody’s
place in the sun. They have taken up their
quarters for the Winter in the ‘‘sleeping
porches’’ of the 3rd Block, where no wind
knocks for admittance, and you shake the
snow out of your shoes on a stormy morning.

We admire a courage, we cannot emulate,
and when in the nights to come, we hear the
snow-flakes tapping gently at our Window,
we shall. wrap the blankets more tightly
about us, snuggle a bit closer to theradiator,

and reflect.

THREE CHEERS

Germany signs Armistice at midnight, and -
world war ends at 6 a.m. this —monday—
morning. Kaiser, and Crown Prince abdicate
and with: Von Hindenburg, and the entire
Ganeral Staff flee to Holland. Berlin joins
the revolution, after severe street fighting.
Prince Max is appointed Regent, and Herr
Ebert, Socialist leader, and Deputy, is
Chancellor. Poland, Schleswig-Holstein, and
Bavaria proclaim republics Armistice terms
include a general withdrawal of the German
forces from the occupied portions of France,
Belgium, and Russia. Disarmament, and
demobilization of the German armies. Oec-
cupation by Allied and American Forces of
Strategic points in Germany. Surrender of
a part of the German High Seas Fleet, and
submarines, disarmament of the remainder.
Occupation of all German naval bases. Re-
lease of all Allied and American prisoners.
It’s over, over there, and We Win. And now
to celebrate. %

We were surprised Saturday, when we.
were informed by Mr. Kraupa that we had
entirely overlooked the Grand Opening of the
Princess Theater; which he told us had oec-
cured prior to the quarantine; to be exact,on
the date of the Ambulance Drive. This was
news to us, and we at once determined to
fire our entire reportial staff. It is a bit too
late for details, but we gathered from his re-
marks that a program of Pictures, and Vaude-
vill was given, and a good time was had by
the discriminating, andhard-pickedaudience;
with everybody having enough handkerchiefs
for the weepy parts -by the way, we went
to a matinee once to see Madome X, and
there were three thousand womenin the audi- -
ence, -and that’s another story. Saturday’s

show at the Princess, was marked bycomedy

features, and-but what we would really like

to know is, are the seats at the Princesssup-

plied with those nickel-in-the-slot candy re-
servoirs so necesary to the feminine tem-
perement? Weremembertakingaladyfriend -
to a show, once upon a time, and leaving the
box of candy we had bought her at home on
the bureau, and -but that’s another story.
During the enforced vacation period
“‘Professor’’ Bonsal has been acting as
Guardian Angel to the Emergency Hospital,
and says that there islittle to choose between
pupils, and patients; nurses, and teachers;
and vice versa; but the prodigious sigh of
relief that was heaved when he was told
that he might open his University ounce
more, would lead the discerning bystander
to infer that the above statement is not so
neutral as it sounds. -

