---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_182.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
.Mss.——Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressad
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number

EDITOR
B 8266

Philadelphia, November. 13th, 1918.

PINK TEA AND PRISONERS

The “‘pink tea’’ system of entertaining convicts in the
Eastern State Penitentiary does not meet with the appov-
al of Judge————— and he is sending criminals convicted
before him to the county prison.

~ ““They are entertained much like welcome guests,”’
‘commented the Judge yesterday, when counsel for two
holdup men was pleading that his clients be sent to the
penitentiary rather than the county prison. The Judge
refused toimpose such a sentepce and added: ‘“They play
baseball, have brass bands and all sorts of entertainment.
That is not the purpose of imprisonment. Punishment is
not somuch a way of vengeance, but prisoners should not
be treated so well that they might want to return.
punishment should act as a warning to do right and keep
out of jail.”’

We regretfully confess our utter incom-
petency to do justice to the abover To
answer the learned jurist as he deserves
- would need a second Shakespeare, and we
~ coyly disclaim any slightest resemblance to
. that immortal. But inadequate to the im-
portance of the subject as our protest must
be, yet we intend to enter such. As a sup-
posed beneficiary of the ‘‘pink-tea’’ system,
we refuse to sit supine, and permit such
false impressions to remain uncorrected.
He who runs and reads would certainly be
justified, upon perusal of the aboveremarks,
in assuming that the salvation of the crim-
inal offender was dependent upon his being
sent to the County Prison; where a salutary
punishment, and close confinement to a cell
might strengthen his body; broadenhis mind;
eunlarge his outlook upon life; forever remove
his fear and distrust of law, and its minions,
and in the course of his stay make him over
into such man as even the learned Judge
could be proud of. On the other hand, the
_poor unfortunate who might be doomed for
a period to the E. S. P. —the veritable
- School of Another Chance— where a measure
of freedom is permitted us, where access to,
and healthful exercise —even tho the same
does take the form of games, in some in-
stances— in the open air is allowed us;
where a trade of sorts may be mastered;
where an education may be obtained; where
~ the military drill and setting-up exercise is

Their °

THE UMPIRE

“of daily occurence; where he may be treated,

if he so will, asa man among men; where
a modicum of amusement is permitted as in
some degree offsetting the darkened life,
and preventing despair: yet to follow the
learned jurist’s logic to it’s perfect ending
such treatment must inevitably result in the
turning out of a finished ‘‘tango lizard’’;
long-haired musical fiend; or good-for-nothing
ball-player, who are really foolish enough to
believe that the world, as there exemplified
in miniature, is only too ready to help them
back to the height from which they may
have fallen; to help them to eclimb, should

they have never reached such height; and

who are sometimes driven by innate weak-
ness, or ‘untoward circumstance to return

and gather new strength for the combat. -=

How bitter must be their disillusionment
should they ever chance to appear before
His Honor!

Strange to say, we ‘have actually known
instances of men returning to the County
Prison, where His Honor intimates they are
unwelcome. Can His Honor explain this
anomaly? Also we know of County Prison
graduates who should have known better
later appearing here, perhaps seeking an
antidote, as it were. We have even been
acquainted with men who have adorned the
County Prison for varying periods, and
whose sentiments upon leaving the same, we
would hesitate to quote: but then, of course,
the poor fellows were quite unaware that
they were being used as illustrations of the
higher penology, that by the presentation of
such horrible examples as themselves, aims
to deter more adventurous souls from em-
barking upon a life which has such ending.
It would have no doubt have eheered the poor
fellows greatly could they have but known
this. It is so pleasent to be a martyr! To
suffer for the sake of one’s kind.

We sincerely hope that His Honor will see
fit to pay anearly visit to the County Prison &
expound his philosophy to the Inmates of the
same. It will no doubt materially shorten
their time, to know the good they are accom-
plishing by just suffering in silence. But we
fear it would be of no use his coming here.
We, like Ephraim, are wedded to our idols,
and theunited wisdom of all the Phlladelphla
lawyers extant couldn’t convince us that
punishment alone, without ‘‘extenuating cir-
cumstances’’, is good for the soul; that base-
ballisreally base, andleads to base thoughts:;
that a brass-band is inevitably demoralizing,
and more destructive to the moral sensethan
a term of years in close confinement in an
ill-ventilated cell; that two hours of enter-
tainment weekly is calculated to make the
attendant prisoner a life- long and bitter en-
emy to society, debase himin mind and body,
and drive all his better instinets into the
back-ground, there forever to remain; that
military drill and calisthenics are certain to
so devitalize the partakers as to renderthem

or

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o clock A. M. h
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-_fi
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 P.M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week endlng October 24th 7

Released *¢ & £ £ 10
Prison population g He 13398
Latest serial Number sk S BOA(S

»

the easy prey of the ﬁrst temptatlon that

comes by.
We may be wrong in thinking that such

treatment as we are recieving here, and
which hasaroused the ire of the learnedjur- _-1
ist, is best calculated to bring out all that
is good in a man; and wipe out all memory
of a real, or fancied injustice; strengthen
him in his determination to regain his afore-
time honored place among his fellow men on
the outside; and lead him out of darkness of
despair into the sunshine of a newer day: we
say we may be wrong in assuming this, but
if this be so, then for the first time in our
life we’re going to take a real delight in,
wrong thinking! |

His Honor remarks upon the purpose of
imprisonment, which isin his view, pumsh- f,‘
ment alone. To crush out the last remain-
ing spark of manheod; to destroy the last
vestige of self respect; to brutalize; the rule
of the club, instead of the law of kindness;
the beating down into a hated submission;
such would seemingly be his Honor’s mode
of procedure, and we appeal to the high Gods 3
against it’s fitness. A second Draco come
to judgement seems scarcely appropr:ate '
to the age; and with all history to teach it’s ?J.
lesson of the value of kind treatment of the ':
individual, one who would countenance a re-
turn to the methods of medievalism qu]d :
scarcely be considered as best serving the
interests of society. Is the caged Wolf
tamed by ill-treatment? Can the caged eri-
minal be made over into a respected and
self- respecting man by the rule of fear, and
a studied distrust? By the forcing upon him
of the knowledge that he is a thing apart,
and that in most cases he would be conferr-
ing the greatest benefit upon the community 3
by going down and jumping off the déck‘?
What’s the answer?

]
:

