---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_183.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

BIRDS OF A FEATHER

- We often run across a fellow in here, who

will very solemnly assert that he is-entirely
innocent of the crime of which he was con-
~ victed, and that being in here is but the re-
sult of another ‘“frame-up’’. It may be the
whole truth in this partlcular mans case, and
_ if so, then he is but one of many who have
in years gone by been sent to a prison inno-
cent.
- But a great many of these ‘‘innocent ones’’
give themselves away, when they recite the
-details of their arrest, and reveal the com-
pany they were in at the time. It was either
a ‘‘Jimmie the Yegg’’ or a ‘‘Jack the Prow-
~ ler’’, and sometimes both,—and the *‘inno-
cents abroad’’ were of course entirely ignor-
ant that these men had a record, and that
their presence among them was but an un-
fortunate incident.—
Having no personal experience along these
~ lines, and therefore can not tell how these
‘“‘incidents’’
son according to the old and reliable adages
that ‘‘Birds of a feather will flock together’’
,—and ‘“‘By the company you keep you will
be judged’’.— A fellow, who isnoton a
dishonest errand bent,— and who is earning
his bread by the sweat of his braw,— and
who guards over his reputation as he would
his life, will never be found in company with
any man of a ‘“‘Rogue gallery’’ repute,— so
- if he was arrested, convicted, and sent to a
- place like this ‘‘only’’ because be was ‘‘pall-
ing’’ with the boys of the tenderloin, then
the Judge did not err much.—
So when the gates of this prison once more

open to you, and you again have the choice

of your road,— go up North into the friend-
less wilderness rather, than Teturn to the
deceiving South, where you might again fall
the victim of a ‘“frame-up’’.—

- B. 7401

OFFICE OF THE SURGEON,
S: A. T, C., PURDUE UNIVERSITY,
WEST LAFAYETTE, IND; OcCT. 30, 1918.
THE INMATES OF THE EASTERN STATE
PENITENTIARY,
PHILADELPHIA, PA.
Dear Friends; ~ :
I am in receipt of your
letter and the “‘Go Bang’’ games. I sincerly
appreciate the spirit in which your offering
is made. I doubly appreciate the gift, owing
to my being a Pennsylvania man and having
been born in Philadelphia.
It is a known fact among soldiers that
Phlladelphla is the greatest city inourcountry
for the various big-hearted assistance given

~ to soldiers at various camps and those passing

thru that city. _
My greatest regret for you is that you
‘are unable to accept service in the field. It

~ is a mistake that any red-blooded American
should be deprived of the opportunity to

oceur so often; we can but rea--

make good in this war, merely on account of
some error or Judgment.

I feel that the day is fast approaching
when many errors of human nature that are
now classified as criminal will be looked upon
in the real light of a disease and treated as
such to the betterment of all mankind.
Hoping that the light of reason may
soon dawn and the ban removed that pre-
vents you all joinging with us, and believing
with Bobby Burns that ‘‘A man’s a man for
a’ that ’?, and with renewed thanks, I am
Yours,
HARRY BRADY
Car. M. C.
U. S, Army.

MY MOTHER’S SONGS

Of evenings, ere the lamps were lit;
’Twas then my mother used to sit,
Singing a tender strain.

And I, a laddie at her knee,

-Oh, would to God that T mlght be,
That laddie once again.-
Half-hearing; dreaming of the sea;
Wild battles; all I meant to be;

A knight without a stain.

The crimson faded from the west;

She sang the songs each loved the best,
“Oh, woe for Barbara Allen!’’

And ‘‘Three times ’round went that gallant
ship.”’

-And in my sight she seemed to dlp,
" Her proud masts downward fallen.

And then, as Heaven’s lamps shone out,

And all the darkness seemed to rout;
‘“Jerusalem the Golden.”’

Her hand caressed my drooping head;
““Tis time my laddie was in bed.”’

She said, still softly singing:
‘‘By cool Siloam’s shady rill.”’
And I would beg another still:

While evening bells were ringing.
The moon swam up, a gelden ball;
On such blue-dish as I let fall,

While to the table bringing.

And I can see her still, to-day,
Rocking in the moon’s soft - ray,
To the cadence of the song:
“‘Jesus, lover of my soul.”’
All the bitter years unroll
Before me, and the nights are long.
Mother, mother, did you know,
When you sang them long ago,
They would bide, and keep me strong?
B. 8266
Indifference to surroundings is more than
a reasonable explanation of a prisoner’s

surroundings.

It’s all right to feather your nest, but be
very eareful where, and how you get the

feathers.

HITS OR FOULS

If we could only be turned back like a
clock when we’re too fast! :

When ‘‘Red,’’ the militant bugler of the
E. S. P. Volunteers, * “‘collapsed’’ on the
grounds of Camp Casey on a day of last
week, he was rushed by ‘‘willing’’ hands to
the Hospital. The ¢‘Surgeon-General,”’ al-
most at a glance diagnosed his ailment as
‘‘extreme aridity of the epidermis,’’ and ap-
plied the treatment; a large, cool bucket of
water, at once. Bystanders affirm that
‘‘Red’s’’ recovery was almost miraculous.

Pickpocket—visiting friend, —we refuse ’
to state where—‘‘I hired a lawyer for you
this morning, Slim. - But I had to hand h1m
my watch as a retainer.’

Slim—‘‘Did he keep it?’’

P. p—‘‘He thinks he did!”’

You never can tell. The fellow who
boasts of his vices, may not be half as dan-
gerous as the man who parades his virtues.

ByStander~at rehearsal af the E. S. P.
Minstrels—“Do you know the name of that
piece?’”’ :

Second bystander—“Do you mean the one
George is playing, or the one Van is sing-
ing?’’

We regretfully admit that we belong to
that large majority who never desert a friend ;
while we’re in trouble. s

Bob Perry was calling that Third Block
cat. ‘‘Josephine, Josephine,’”’ he gurgled.
“Why we thought that cat’s name was .
Napoleon.”’ we inserted. '

““It was ’till he had kittens,”’ deprecated

Bob.

You will be the same man on the outside
of prison walls, that you are on the inside.

Jim—*‘Oh, how I wish I had some of the
biscuit mother used to bake me.”’ '

Buck—““‘And oh, how I wish I had some

of the good clothes father used to buy me.
Both—in chorus—‘“When do we go from :
here, boys; when do we go from here?”’

Some men in here are always smoking

their last cigarette, or striking their last

match, when asked for a smoke, or a light, <
but they would give away a straw hat in the =
winter time. :

