---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_184.jpg
---
~ Toni’s Band tooted it’s loudest;
~ rose up on their hind-legs and cheered lust-
~ily, and the season was given such a start as

THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

There was no meeting of the Board of Del-
egates held during the week. B 8943 was
- appointed Delegate for the 8th Block to fill
vacancy. Expenditures of the week were;
$2.00 for Daily Paper for Bulletin Board,
- covering months from August to November,
‘ inclusive; Loan to B 8279, $5.00; Thrift

~ Stamps $1.00. Receipts of the week were;
~ $5.00 from Circulating Library.

The Grand Opening of the local Theatrical
Season occured Saturday with much eclat,
not to speak of glad acclaim, the influenza
~ ban being lifted for the occasion, and the 1st
Section, attired in it’sbest ‘‘bib and tucker’’
‘was right there prepared to give Mr. Kraupa
a riotous welcome when he appeared about
1 p.m. with the precious Pictures. Signor
everybody

must certainly ensure it’s success in life.
The arrangements -in the Hall were well-
'nigh perfect; there was no crowding, the ven-
tilation was good, everybody had a chance to
see,—and be seen, and whendarkness finally

' . decended upon the Hall, and the Title of the

first picture, ‘‘The Hard Rock Breed’’flicker-
ed upon the screen, a long sigh of relief went
up, for some had been afraid that the influ-
enza quarantine would remain with us all
winter, and that we would later be reduc-
ed to making snow-balls for amusement.

But it’s all right now, as everybody con-

cedes. The quarantine isgone, MissRussell,
~ and Mr. Kraupa are on the job as of ofd, and
we don’t care if it is a hard winter.

There was action enough and to spare in
the first Picture, and it waked the spectators
to wild enthusiasm at times, for there were
fighting scenes in it which would not have
disgraced the Great War, with, of course,
- a much misunderstood hero, and.a heroine

whose sole purpose in life seemed to be, to
rescue the aforesaid hero from difficult sit-
uations, and as it ended with thesinevitable
““clineh’’, everybody was happy. The first
number on the vaudeville program was pre-
~sented by Mr. J. W. Turner whose skill as a
musician of parts was amply demonstrated
on various extraordinary instruments whose
names we would hesitate to mention for
fear of contradiction; alsohe shone very
happily as amonologist, keeping up a run-
ning fire of “‘chatter’”” which mueh amused
his hearers. The second act was presented
by Gordonand Lamar, comedy sketch artists,

: - and featured some happenings in cafe life,

which were no doubt most familiar to a ma-
jority of the boys. Their act was very

~ amusing thruout, and they earned, and re-.
~ ceived the hearty applause of their hearers.

The final act of the Bill, which was confined
to three numbers, was Jewell and Apel,

juveniles, who gave a remarkably good ex-
hibition of precocious talent; the little maid,
at whose age we refuse to guess, having long
ago learned the skill of the ladies in cam-
ouflaging the same, she may have been six,
or sixteen, well, she sang sweetly, while her
still smaller partner, in a Charlie Chaplin
make-up, turned such' cart wheels as would
have graced any smithy, varying this at odd
times by ‘‘bumping the bumps’’ with the
most prominent portions of his anatomy.

We were most pleased with them, as with
their predecessors, and we extend to them
our sincere thanks for their kindness, and
the most cordial of invitations to call again,
and permit the 2d Section to witness their
skill in entertaining the obviously bored.

We must not forget a word of praise for
the accompanist, Miss Blanch Washburn,
who so kindly volunteered her services in our
behalf, and to whose excellent performance
at the piano we owe a large part of the after
noon’s enjoyment. We are very much in
Miss Washburn’s debt, and can but tender
our heartiest thanks in partial payment.
Miss Russell was late in appearing but finally
showed up, when Mr. Kraupa during a pause
in the picture, had the lights turned on, and
appearing on the stage, announced an added
feature, and stepped back to allow Miss
Russell to face an enraptured audience; and
did they greet her? Yes, they did, and only
the presence of the ventilators probably save-
ed the roof, for the yell that went up was
spontaneous and forcefull. Miss Russell,
visibly moved by the warmth of her recep:
tion, spoke briefly, telling of her pleasure
in being once more allowed to minister to
our pleasure, and not forgetting to mention
the kindness of the Board of Inspectors in
removing the larger obstacles in her path by

recinding it’s former ban upon female per-

formers. Three riotcus reels of comedy
completed the day’s amusement, and every-
body went ‘‘home’’ in the best of humors,
after such an afternoon of unadulterated

pleasure as they had not experienced for

many months. :
B 8266 Sec.

Electrical ‘‘wizard’’, air, and hydraulic
pressure experts, are requested to call upon
Cap’n George Eels in his office in the Dove
Block, at any time between 8 a. m. aad 4. 30
p. m. when they will hear of something to
their advantage. Cap’n George is said to be
contemplating the early installation of an
electric ‘“‘mother’’ for his feathered charges,
which will be guaranteed to feed, wood, and
water themwithautomatie precison at fifteen
minute intervals, and help is urgentlyneeded

He has suffered fromrthe well-meantefforts
of a lot of ‘‘amateur’’ talent, and is reported
to be disgusted with thelot, and will pay high
wages to really competent workmen.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertlsements must eome through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes

and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢ to
$5.00. B 1381, 7th Block. (REY

ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var-
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-

ruff ete. High-Frequency and Violet Ray

treatments for facial defects of any descrip-
tion, B 6533, 7th. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8939,
8th Block. Cell 22

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE One stocking machine and
ribber 140 needle machines brand new will
sell cheap B 7965 7 Block

FOR SALE—Banjo and Case, Instructor,
extra set of strings $6.00 B 6919 12 B 2 Gal.

PATRIOTIC— Watch fobs of beads for sale.

B 7599, 4th Block.
FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, B 7362, 6 B.

FOR SALE—150 American bead flags, and 3
pairs of slippers. B 6343 12 B 2d Gallery.

FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, price 75 cents

each, B 9215 6 Block.

FOR SALE —Pianvette cheap with 150 sheets :

of music, good as new. B 9059 7th Block.

LOST—In front of bandroom, an Alto mouth

piece. Please return to B 8960 5 Block.
CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts,
Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools:
Pms Shields Humidors, and trays. B 8023,
1st Block. ;

LISTEN—Your razor put in first class con-
dition. Razors honed, ground full, hollow,

or half concave. I specialize in thls line B

7452, 8th, Block. :
== ————————————— ———————

A Dress Parade of the Grand Army of tke

E. S. P. was held on monday of last week;
the reviewing Officers being Dr.

Surgeon to the Institution, who was that

day elected an Honorary Colonel to the Corps;
with them on the stands, was the Colonel, .

B. 9131, and the Lt. Colonel, and the troops

went thru their paces to the edification of
the visitor, and the admiring spectators; with 3
the Colored Troops carrying off the honors. .

“‘Col ”’ Kirby was most pleased to see the

interest taken by the men .in the solderly
exercise, and in a happy little speech highly

complimented them upon their wisdom in
undertaking voluntarily a work of much
value to themselves, both as regards health
and temperament. :

Flag

Hassel, Resident Physician, who had lately
been elected to the Surgeon-Generalship of
the Corps; and Dr. Elwood Kirby, Consulting

