---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_185.jpg
---
" THE UMPIRE

VOL. V

Philadelphia November 20th. 1918

NO. 46

THE PARTING OF THE WAYS.

From the beginning of history until the pre-
sent time, We read of the rise and fall of
nations. There have been wars of varied
character and circumstance, of bloodshed,
outrage, and devastation, in all the  chang-
ing races by whom the  wars have been
waged. There has not been much basis of
choice among them, as to socalled humanity.
But it has been reserved for a nation in the
Twentieth Century of the Christian Era, of
undisputed attainments in the varied fields

- of science, to conceive and perfect, and then
.~ to most thoroughly put into execution,

¢ The War ’’ that shall stand in the records
of time, as the most comprehensive, selfish,
cruel beyond description, and altogether

devilish, ever waged by man.

We are now passing out of the active fury
of its existence; the pain, misery, and shame,
- will stay for generations, burnt into the
~ lives of some of the nations subject toit all.
. The peoples of the lands that have been
scorched with fire, and deluged with blood,
are now trying to get together, with their
~ eyes toward Heaven, and their handstoward
America, to build homes and found natins
~ for the ages to come. For this, let them

have our prayers and our help.

KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS.
WAR ACTIVITIES.

Camp Sherman
November 16th 1918.
The President of Insp. Eastern State Pen.,
e Philadelphia, Pa.
 Dear Sir:—
e In behalf of the nghts of Columbus

to express our thanks to you for your pat-
riotic impulse that led you to send us the
games of Go Bang for the diversion of the
soldiers. This life is made-up of mistakes
after all, and it gives us pleasure to note
~ that the inmates of the Eastern State Peni-
tentiary are still on the side of the glorious
cause, and that their hearts still continue to
" peat with patriotic impulse.
~ We would ask you to express our thanks
to the inmates of your institution for their
atte npt to also do their bit for the soldicrs.
Yours respectfully,
Clem, T. Kelly.
Gen. Sec K. of C..

Camp Sherman. Ohio.
4f To love God d with all the heart, and our

,\nelghksor as ourselves, is

" and the soldiers of Camp Sherman, we wish

‘who are not serving sentences;

the whole of

THE CREED OF THE DECENT

I AM decent. I am not particularly pious;
nor normal, nor good, nor cultured, nor su-
perior, but-just plain decent. I don’tlike
dirt. I don’tlikesoiled clothes, nor unkempt
hair, nor finger-nails in mourning, nor mud-
dy shoes, nor course speech. I am not fin-
icky, nor proper, nor fussy, nor fastidious.
I am decent. I like wholesome things, a
white table cloth, an
cup, a clean plate, a tidy bed and a child
with its face washed. I don’t like adulter-
ated bread, adulterated drimks nor adulter-
ated people. Idon’tlike dealersin scandle,
ugly hints, inuendoes, nor any of the stab-
in-the-back gentry. They are the slimy

“snakes and stinging mosquito of the human

I don’t like anybody who talksagainst
Uncle Sam. If anybody does not'like this
country let them go to another. To live in
Uncle Sam’s house and whisper against him
is nasty. Fora wife to speak slurringly of her
husband or a husband to do so of his wife,
is also dirt. I don’t like spies, sneaks, tattle-
tales, trouble-makers. They are thesame as
lice. Ugh! I like the nakedness of cleanli-
ness better than the covers of perfumery.
I like cleananger betterthan asmoky grudge.

1 don’t like religion that is anugly fanatic-
ism, nor learning thatis an offensive ego-

tism, or any excellence that is degraded to
selfish ends. I may be poor, but I can be
clean. I may be ignorant, but 1 can be po-
lite. I may be wicked but Idon’t have to be
course. I am one of the great mass of people
in these United States who will put up with
almost anything but—dirt. From dirt phys-
ical, mental, or emotional, from all dirt,
good Lord deliver us.
Dr. Frank Crane.

race.

Demobilization of American forces isbeing
arranged for. Developement battalions,
numbering some 98.000 men will be first dis-
charged; next, all conscienticus cbjectors
then the
spruce production division; fourth, men in
training for officers; fifth, the United States
Guards, some 185.000 men; sixth, railway
troops; seventh; the depot brigades; eigth,
replacement camps; ninth and last, combat

divisions. There are 1°770.000 in United

States camps to be discharged, anditishoped
to discharge 200.000 in the next two weeks,
and then proceed releasing them at the rate
of 30.000 a day.

individual drinking-_

OPPORTUNITIES

While reading an article. in one of the
magazines ‘‘The value of spare minutes,”’
it came to me that thanks to the judges all
our minutes are spare ones, and if it pays
the man on the cutside to use his few spare
minutes for improvement, I should think it
would also pay the man on the inside to use
his many spare minutes in the same way.

The opportunities offered to us to do so are
many. And remember that outside these
walls you would have to pay heavy for any
of them, while here they are offered to you
absolutely without cost of any kind.

Those of us who through force of circum-
stances failed to learn to read or write, the
schools under the supervision of Mr. Bonsall
give opportunity to repair this.

Others might find the
courses in arithmetic a valuable opportunity.

For the men with a trade the Engineering
Courses conducted by the Y. M. C. A. and
the State College will prove an opportunity
worth dollars in the pay envelope. A new

course will start shortly, take advantage of

it.

For the large class that makes farming
their business, the opportunity offered by the
State College
Agriculture is of great value and none should
miss it. :
of Agriculture prove that farmers with a
high school education make twice as much
money than those with only a common
school education, while those with an Agri-

cultural education make about four times as
much. So you see even in farming knowing

how, does pay.
Within a short time we will have the plea-
sure of hearing Prof. Thos. I Mair Supt. of

Correspondence Courses in Agriculture give

us a short talk of the monetary difference of
modern farming as against the old rule of
thumb methods.

Any one that wants to hear this lecture
or wants further information about any of
the courses mentioned in this article should
send his number to Mr. Bonsall, Principal of
Schools, and he will do the regt.

In conclusion 1 want again to call your at-
tention to the fact that there is absolutely
no cost attached to any of the Courses, all
materials, ete. will be furnished free. Make
your time count for something and do it now.
Don’t wait for tomorrow for remember to-
MOrrow-never comes.

Mr. Hickman of the Y. M. C. A. will be in
the institution on Thursday afternoon at 2 P.
M. and would like to have all present at the
school who are interested in the Engineering
Classes, that he may outline the work to
them.” B 8000.

correspondence

Correspondence Courses in .

Statistics of the U. S. Department

