---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_186.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE
e
Py Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its resders.
. Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
~ ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. :
" All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
- who will see to their delivery.
; To insure attentien, all articles must be signed with the
 writer’s number

Philadelphia, November 20th, 1918.

THE REAPING

Never was the truth of that dear old pro-
verb ‘“As ye sow, so shall ye reap.’’ better
exemplified than in the case of William Hoh-
- enzollern; ex-Kaiser; ex-Baby-Killer; ex-
~ senior partner in the exclusively German firm
of “Me und Gott.”” He sowed hatred and
suspicion between nations, and has reaped a
detestation which is universal, embracing
even hisown people. He sowed a world-wide
 death and devastation, and his reaping has
~ been terrifie, and is far from being ended.

He introduced to an incredulous, and horri-
fied world, mass-murder by submarine; by
Zeppelin, and airplane; by pcison gas, and

liquid fire. He destroyed the sanctity of hos-
pitals, and hospital ships: for to him there
were no sick; no wounded, there were but

- enemies to be destroyed. He taught the
world that the most solemn of treaties were
in his sight as scraps of paper, andthatwhere
his armiesheld sway the word ‘‘non-combat-
ant’’ had no meaning; and his fiendish inven-
tions and innovations has recoiled upon his
own head, and the heads of his people.

If ever the results of wrong thinking were
made clearly manifest itis in the case of him,
who thought to make Germany supreme
among the nations, and has humbled her to
the dust. He had theught to achieve world-
wide dominion for himself, and such fame af
Cueser’s, Alexander’s, Napoleon’s, and

~ others of such jlk, and lives to see himself
classid with Nero and Jack the Ripper. He
~ thoughtto scale theutmost pinnacle of human
grandeur, and win immortal renown, and he
finds himself hurled into suchzbyss of shame
as only the mind of a Dante could conceive;

overwhelmea by such weight of human oblo-
~ quy as no written word cculd picture:

" His was a selfish ambition, and he has
reaped to the uttermcst the feli reward of
selfishness. He sought, net the gocd of the

- German nation, but the aggrandizement of

 himself, and family; and with him the house

| s THE UMPIRE &

o~

of Hohenzollern as a ruling famlly ‘has ceas-
- ed to be, and the German nation must bear
his sins even unto the third generation. His
was not such ambition as the Great Henry’s,
the good Henri IV of France, whose wish it
was that every family should have a fowl in
the pot, but his desire was rather, thatevery
princelet of his House should wear a crown,
blood- stained, if need be, but yet a crown;
lording it over conquered peoples, by right
of birth alone; and all satraps to himself, as
King of Kings.
But there exists always nemesis for such
-as he; always there comes the inevitable
ending to the scheming; and Truth is exalted
from the scaffold, while wrong is curled
head-long from a blood-stained throne to
perish with his worshipers. So it has ever
been; so must it ever be. Only the right
endures. ‘‘Except the Lord build the house,
they labor in vain that build it: except the
Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh
but in vain.’’ This is one of the few texts
we remember, and have tried out, and how
true it is, how applicable to the case in hand.
William Hohenzollern’s attempt to build
a world-empire on a foundation of ruthless
might; cemented together by the blood and
tears of nations; heralded by a savage
oppression, and cruelty which would have
warmed the cockles of a Caligula’s heart:
attempting to cram down a world’s un-
willing throat, the long-ago exploded doc-
trine that might is right; and that weakness,
in nation, or individual is a crime, and the
natural lot of such is to serve the stronger.
He would have had the German a race of
supermen, with the Hohenzollerns, as their
God-like heads, and all the rest of the world
hewers of wood, and drawers of water to
the same, and against an egoism so rampant;
a vision so perverted, the whole world rose
in rebellion; ‘‘the starsin their courses fought
against Sisera’’, and a Ged who is slow to
anger, asHe iscertain of judgement, has writ-
ten‘‘finis’’ to the story of a bloody and de-
ceitful House.

SOMEWHF‘RE IN FRANCE
Oetal8 w1918

Dear Brother:—

As the mail truck had dlfﬁculty in find-
ing us we were without mail for a week or
more. So consequently I have two of your
letters at hand. The UMPIRES also received
and the write up was great. Fine, thanks.
You see when we are in an attack we hardly
get achance to do anything, as when we
come into camp perhaps our machine is not
running well and we have to work onit. Then
look around for a place to sleep. When we
are advancing the mail truck'has a hard time
finding us. Well when a fellow is tired, his
nerves worn out, or almost at breaking
point, and has an environment that is any-
thing but for writing letters'and can’t show

&

itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

- Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prisén
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern P.en-
9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month

2 P.M.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

w

POPULATION STATISTICS

Entered during week endlng Nov. 14th

Released o Lo 55 3
Prison population & ¢ 1340
Latest serial Number & ‘* B 9405

a light at night on account of aviators, he
doesn’t feel much like writing I’ll tell you.
I always think of you and the boys at the
place and when I receive a letter from you
it turns a dull day into a happy one every
time. I am feeling fine and have had no ae-
cidents so far recently. Enclosed . find a
paper that was dropped from a German air-
plane. This is held up to ridicule here, so
get it translated and you will find out how
ridiculous it is. Everything looks good
over here now, we have the Germans crying
now. He didn’t ery the first part of the
year but he is sure getting his now. “We had
a chance to look over a town our divisicn had
the honor to be the first French soldiers to
enter since 1914 being in the Germans hands
all that time. Well it is pretty well shot up.
At the base of each column in the church
the Germans had taken stones out and inser-
ted a mine in preparation of blowing it sky-
ward. The mines had been removed when
we were there. They also had taken the
pipes from the organs, the statues from their
pedestals in the squares and also the names
or descriptive plates there-from. One night
recently Fritz came over with a lut of bombs ’
and one came so near us that we could bhere
it whizzing down through the air. Butlucky,
for us it didn’t explode and was what we call | :
a dud. Frank P. Tucker carried off first
honors for throwing the hand grenade—63
meters at a field meet somewhere in France.
Well be good and and I ‘will write later.
Brother Frank M. Tees

‘““Here’s where I‘lose ground.”” demurred
the New Arrival-as Tom Collins escorted hlm
to the shower.

