---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_187.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

. A REVISED VERSION . WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.—The first gov-

WITH ALLDUE APOLOGIES TO THESHADE ernment contract for theé employment of

; ‘ OF TOM HOOD. : prison labor has been made by the office of

If all chxckens should come ‘home to roost ST ‘ the director, purchase and storage, alvage

1t once, we imagine who would experience I remember, I remember, the house where I division, of the United States army, with the

‘some little difficulty in prov1dmg sleepxng was born; New JerSey state board of charities and cor-
quarters for theirs. ; : , The pleasant smell of grxddle cakes that rections for the repair of shoes by the inmates

% : ‘ waked me every morn: : of theprison at Trenton. This change in the

The heaping plate of grlddle cakes, with government policy regarding prison labor is

¢ gravy on the side, the result of President Wilson’srecentexecu-
And all the little “sass1dges” fair bursting tive order, stating that the demand for

in their pride. : supplies cannot wholly be met by private help

IrememberI remember, how I galloped down owned or conducted factories not employing
52 , the stair, prison labor. Preliminary arrangements for

" - TR A : And the grunt of satisfaction with which the ultilization of New Jersey’s prison pop-

A man is judged by the company he keeps, I pusht back my chair; : ‘ ulation were begun at a conference between

and not by the company he butts into. - Now my days are spent in loning, and my Governor Edge aud Adolph Lewisohn, presi-

: : : fio g nights in wild regret, dent of the national committee on prison
¢ And in envy of my brothers who are doing and prison labor, at a meeting in August.
. The Sargeant was calling the Roll of the these things yet. : Representatives of the salvage division of
newest Awkward Squad. ‘ I remember, I remember, when the dinner the army who inspected the prison plant
; “What’s your name?’’ he barked at the first bell wonld ring. ’ found the shoe shopsequal to any factory
7 I would not have traded places, with an in the Unite(\i. States. Two hundred men will
Fox.”’ g emperor, or king; : be em}?loyed immediately, one-third of whem :
¢“And yours?’’ to the second. There was never queen, or empress who 3¢ skilled shoemakers found among the pris-
oili bake hlkométhor conld: on inmates. One thousand pair of shoes will -
I bet she’d baked a million pies, and all of be f'epaired daily and this quota will shor!:l)"_‘.v

them were gaod. be increased to 2000 pairs. The salvage div-

‘ ision of the army maintains shoe repair units
I remember, I remember —and I wish I at each cantonment in the United States,

counld foroele but the more difficult repair work will be sent
grﬁil dﬁgec;zg Iy f’zrslgi tmy stay - here, not a from each of these cantonments to the prison
g, 1 X shop at Trenton. The government will pay

i hand : s M e And I’ve just been to thg cup -board, and a wage of forty cents an hour for each pris

z : no single pie was there: : A T 0 il
IMPRACTICAL ADVICE I remember, I remember, where I'm at oner and the eight-hour day will prevail

—and want to swear. : ; LIBRARY NOTES

When You arrive in the morning, walk , B.8266 ' A new and modern card system will be in
around and ask everyone regarding their Sproul and Beidleman are elected by a huge troduced in our library in a week or two and
health; that’s polite and will greatly streng- majority. The Governor-elect’s declaration it is therefore requested of all inmates to
then the friendship and sharpen the mlnd for of purpose: ‘‘My one thought and purpose is turn in all books, which they should happen
the day’s labor. to do those things for Pennsylvania that a t0 have in their possession and not accounted

 Always Talk Loudso thateveryone canhear pow day demands; to seek those fundamen- for on their slates.—When the new system

-“-,you Those that do not work like to hear ¢4] changes which I believe are necessary if takes effect it shall be expected of every
~you, and those who do work like to have pappsylvania is to advance to full reallzatlon man to abide with that rule, which reads
~ something to swear over and put the blame ,f the promise of this progressive age.’ ‘““‘Any exchange of books between prison
on if they make mistakes. He may call a Constitutional Convention. ers will be regerded as a vi-ola'tion.,of the

If You See anyone working, go and ask  And let us hope he won’t forget those Rules of the Library, .And will subject th'ef"
h1m any old question, prefelably something medieval penal laws. lnd1v1_duall SO exchanglng’ boeks to the_ loss' of'-
he et uAias Everyone filees to haoon: s theL.lbrary altogether. It. is your 'v.1olatton;A
sidered an authority on things that he knows  Only 88 new cases of influenza reported in °f this Rule alone that unablee the Othe‘,
nothing about, and you may getunprejudiced the city during the last week, as compared fellow 130 get the book he 80 desires to read
ad‘wce with 730 the week previous. Deaths for the and which he has had on his slate for solong,

~ Always Use cuss words when you have a week numbered 812, being a decrease of 969 ;?)(f)lia}'};cfr?rce?l ::eczﬁtzzj ‘fi:;lf,?tltztz y‘;‘;;

chance. It gives importance towhat you say from the previous week. The toll of deaths ¥

: ther reading, turn it in on the regular
: % . ; »» © in the State from the disease is about 38.000 27° ’ : L
and the boys may learn some “new ones. 20 A e day when you have read it, and youare there

_.When You Here a new story, tell it to ; e by giving your aid in maintaining the effic
everyone There is pothing like a good Sl : - : ency of a Library, which isprovided and run
‘story to kill time and refresh the mind. litiore are e metr;. W}iﬁ v g ,%,OOd foryour comfort and uplift. It may also bein

o talking, always “butt in7y 81 bt persivtinwelune Al place here to request of you to put your se-

If You See tw g, ys :

and ask some questions. They might just. VeREs L z lections of books down on your slate in plain =

"as well do two things at the same time. If New Jersey’s legislature, safely Repub- figures, and to renew themonce in a while,
f,hey have any brains, it will be good men- lican, may vote the State dry; the party andyou are thereby not only aiding the em-
tal exercise; if they have none, it’s ‘‘allee being pledged to Prohibition. If that’s the ployees of the Library, but you are standing

case, why build that brldge across the Dela- a better chance to get the books you want.

. THE CORRECTOR  ware? % Abel Schall Jr. : Libfarian

Johnny-“How long can a man live w1thou

; ‘brains?’’
& Jerry-““I don’ tknow How old are you,

anyway?”’

“Well"” furiously,
¢“Wolf.”’ deprecatingly.

< Geta cage get a cage,”’ yelled the Sar-
geant, ‘we’ve got a blooming menagerie on

’; !

\

