---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_188.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The long delayed meeting of the Board of
Delegates was held Tuesday, Nov. 12th, and

lowmg were admitted to membership in the
- Club: B.9388-50c; 9393; 9363; 9393; 939,9 8526;
~and B.9145 re-instated. . The Report of the
Treasurer showed a Balance of $53.45 in the
~ Club Treasury. Miss Blanche Washburn
 was elected to Honorary Membership in the
Club, in recognition of her servicesas Pianist
‘atthe Saturday Entertainments. B. 6316 was
appointed, during the week, Delegate for
the 6th Block to fill vacancy caused by former
Delegates release.
Expenditures of the week were: Thrift
Wanamaker, for Thread, $1.32; to B.6311,
- for Electric Lamp Standard. Receipts of
the week: from Circulating Library, $5.00;
~ donation $.50.
The 2d Section had it’s innings on Saturday
~ last, and enjoyed itself to the top ofit’s bent
~ at the secondof the Season’s Entertainments.

The music was good; the Pictures were

better, and the vaudeville was best of all,
and both Miss Russell, Mr. Kraupa, and their
~ Excellencies, the President, and Vice-Presi-
- dent made speeches, and what more would

you ask? The behavior of the Section was -

quite up to the standard set by the 1st Sec-

tion on the preceding Saturday, the best of

order prevailing thruout, while the seating

arrangements were well-nigh perfect; no

crowding being permitted, with all ‘‘extra’s
~ rigidly excluded, except those whose pre-
- ‘sence was absolutely essential.

‘The Cavalier Ton’s Orchestra reaped a
harvest of laurels at it’s initial performance,
and left nothing to be desired in the musi-
cal line. The Picture of the afternoon was
a ‘‘thriller’’ entitled ‘‘The Law of the Great
Northwest’’, and being filled with action to
the brim, it was most enthusiastically re-
cieved by the audience. During pauses init’s
presentation, Miss Blanche Washburn, Pianist
was summoned to the stage, and notified of
her election to Honorary membership in the
Club, the Vice-President A.8432 pinning the
Club Button on her breast, at the same time
presenting her with a few neat, and well-
chosen words, to which she appropriately re-
plied, assuring us of the pleasure it gave
her to be of some small service.

Then Mr. Kraupa appeared before the
‘curtain, and after thanking usin the name

- of the Hon. Jimmy Mulligan for the gift
sent by the Ciub to that enterprising young
Benedict, who was for reasons, which it is
needless to state, unable to be present, un-
rolled a large poster, and announced that a

- party of some score or more visitors from
the Triangle Company’s Phila Branch would

, be present on the coming Saturday, includ-
- ing both managers, and ‘‘stars,’’ and also

Stamps, $1.00; Loan to B.7503, $3.00; to John'

announced that a feature Picture, Carmep
of the Klondike, would be given it’s first
showing in any theater, at the same time,
and place; for which pleasing announcement

¢ ‘he was roundly applauded.
the following business transacted. The fol- -

The vaudeville portion of the day’s en-
tertainment was then put on, Mr. Harry
Stone, Comedian, presenting fhe first act,
and proving himself to be a worthy member
of that Stone family which includes the im-
mortal Fred. Next were White & Bowdell,
in a singing and dancing number, in which
they showed themselves to be masters of
the Terpsichorean art, and pleased the
audience mightily. Lastly appeared ‘‘Little
Dave, and his Pals’’ in a juvenile act, which
carried off first honors. This very young

gentlemen, and the two winsome little maids

who were his ‘‘Pals’’ closed the Bill, and
their efforts to amuse were most successful,
the audience being loth to see them leave.

We extend to all the above, and to those
responsible for their appearance, our most
sincere thanks, and to the artists, a very
cordial invitation to pay us a return visit
for the benefit of the 1st Section.. The En-
tertainment closed with the showing of a
rollicking Keystone Comedy, ‘A Royal
Rogue,’” which sent the audience home on
the broad grin, and careless of the coming
day of rest —and internment.

B.8266 Secretary.

WHY WE SHOULD THINK ONLY OF
THINGS WORTH REMEMBERING

One of our great duties towards ourselves
therefore, which we cannot begin to under-
stand or to practice to soon, is, first, to fill
our minds with things worth having and worth
being reminded of by association in after
years; secondly, to avoid, as far as possible,
foolish books, the talk of foolish people, and
things of that kind which it is not worth while
to have in our minds at all; and, thirdly, to
avoid things which are actually wicked or dis-
gusting or destructive. These may get into
the mind by accident before we know what
is happening, and at any moment we are liable
to be reminded of them.

Even though the purse be rather lean,
let us remember that there is no be‘rter
treasure than a mind well filled with beatiful,
and valuable memories of noble things seen,
noble sounds heard, noble ideas, great poetry,
recollections of friends, and so forth. A
man with such a mind may say to himself,
““My mind to me a kingdom is,’’ or may talk
with Wadsworth of ‘‘that inward eye Wthh
is the bliss of all solitude.”’

We cannot express to strongly the - impor-
tance of what has been said about filling the
mind with good materials for association.

It applies to everybody, whatever his
business in life. The artist cannot see too
many beautiful sights, the man of science
cannot store away in his mind too many
truths of different kinds, and who can asso-
ciate them together.

: CLOCKS, WATCHES—Repalred, bought,

Block.

‘nut oak. Prices reasonable. B 6523 7 .Block. ;

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertlsements must eome through your
Overseer Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office

} when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use

of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes ik
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢c to «
$5.00. B 1381, 7th Block. (k%) T
ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var-
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-
ruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray
treatments for facial defects of any descrip-
tion, B 6533, Tth. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. Bg939,
8th Block. Cell 22

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for
sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE One stocking machine and
ribber 140 needle machines brand new will
sell cheap B 7965 7 Block

FOR SALE—Banjo and Case, Instructor,
extra set of strings $6.00 B 6919 12 B 2 Gal.

PATRIOTIC— Watch fobs of beads for sale.
B 7599, 4th Block.

FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, B 7362, 6 B.
FOR SALE—150 American bead flags, and 8
pairs of slippers. B 6343 12 B 2d Gallery.
FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, price 75 cents
a pair, B 9215 6 Block.

FOR SALE —Pianvette cheap with 150 sheets
of musie, good as new. B 9059 7th Block.

LOST—In front of bandroom, an Alto mouth
piece. Please return to B 8960 5 Block.

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts,
Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools; Flag
Pins, Shields Humidors, and trayq B 8023,
1st Block. ;

LISTEN—Your razor put in first class con-
dition. Razors honed, ground full, hollow,
or half concave. I specialize in this line B
7452, 8th, Block.

All kinds of polishing done, Inlald Boxes,
Tables, etc. reasonable. 9005, Tth Ga]lery

Birds For Sale— male and female alsc cages
B 9070 7th Block.
TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1 00
B 3079, 1st Block.

& S 4

(b 2 Bupir et a1 e e Al T
GRSl s z

R 1 & S AR L o P o A £AE

and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery. : _'i'-.f:"_;
TYPEWRITING—Personal and business
letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, also oy
corrected at reasonable rates.” B-8993, 10th

Also Hardware, Locks, Hinges, etc. forsa]e
B 9152, 11th. Block.

FOR SALE—Jumping Jacks, 0.35 cents each,
B 3847, 7 Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes, also trays in wal-

