---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_189.jpg
---
VOL. V Philadelphia November 27th. 1918

States to be affixed.

Done in the District of Columbia this six-
teenth day of November, in the year of our
Lord one thousand nine hundred and eight-
een and of the independence of the United

' States of Americatheone hundred and forty-

 PRESIDENT WILSON’S
THANKSGIVING DAY 4
PROCLAMATION

- Washington, Nov. 17. 1918.

; third. . :
) President Wilson’s Thanksgiving Day proc- By the President:
. lamation, dated Saturday, was made public - WOODROW WILSON !
here today. It follows: . ROBERT LANSING,
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE Secretary of State.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA :
, A PROCLAMATION UNIVERSITY EXTE NTION
+ YT HAS been our custom to turn in the - COURSES.

fautuimn of the year and.
" thanksgiving to Almighty God for His
 many blessings and mercies to us as anation.
This year we have special and moving cause
to be grateful and to rejoice. God has in
~ His good pleasure given us peace. It has
~ not come as a mere cessation of arms,a mere
relief from the strain and tragedy of war.
It has come as a great triumph of right.
Complete victory has broughtus, not peace
alone, but the confident promise of a new
day as well, in which justice shall replace
force and jealous intrigue among the nations.
Qur gallant armies have participated in a tri-
umph which is not marred or stained by any
~_purpose of selfish aggression. In a right-
. eous cause’ they have won immortal glory
~ and have nobly served their nation in serv-
ing mankind. God has indeedbeen gracious.
We have cause for such rejoicing as revivi-
" fies and strengthens in us all the best tra-
- ditions of our national history. A new day
~ shines about us, in which our hearts take
‘new courage and look forward with newhope
" to new and greater duties. :
. While we render thanks for these things,
let us not forget to seek the divine guidance
in the performance of those duties, and
divine mercy and forgiveness for all errors
of act or purpose and pray that in all that
we do we shall strengthen the ties of friend-
ship and mutual respect upon which we must
assist to build th_e new structure of peace
and good will among the nations. 't
 Wherefore I, Woodrow Wilson, President nd
of the United States, do hereby designate Mr, Bonsall, and as I said last week, he wi_ll
| Thursday, the 28th. day of November next, .do the rest. -Prof. Cogg'eshzill spuke of his
. as a day of thanksgiving and prayer, and in- -long years with the Gn'.a.rd Colle.ge, and ',he
vite the people throughout the land to cesse ti:ld the men that there is..an inert power
upon that day from their ordinary occupa- within every one,‘that;only- Wal[S'tf;) be _I'nac]ie
tions and in their several homes and places use of and if we do so.1¢ will pzy' hhands<)m§,y
?f worship to render thanks to God, the ir.m helping to hel_p,ou?selves. . £ ty e\ .(iongt;t
ruler of nations. sion:Mr, Bonsall said that e chnopes:ih !
In witness whereof, I have every man that star'_ﬁs the course wm stic
h—éﬁd and caused the seal with it and through it and in this way show

In  praise On Thursday afternoon, November 21st;

Mr. Hickman of the Y. M. C. A. and Prof-
fessor Coggeshall of the Penn. State College,
(formerly with the Girard College)started a
new series of courses in Shop Arithmetic and
Shop Sketching. In a short talk Mr. Hick-
man gave the men present an outline of the
courses, their purpose and their aims, He
told them that these courses are taught in
the same way in almost every large shop  in
this city. He also spoke of a course in City
Government of Philadelphia, which the same
people are offering to those who ask for it.

Mr. Hickman further pointed out that on
the outside men are expected to pay for these
courses while here they are offered absolutley
free. I know from experience that quite a

something for nothing, so why not take ad-
vantage of this when you bave a chance™ to
do so without any come kack. At:tkat you
wont get it for nothing, it will cost you some
work,b/tlt work that pays well. Amcng the
men present was one who had taken these
courses previously, gone out and earned at
daily wage of $6.50. which he declared he
would have been unable to do, had he not
taken these eourses. Mr. Bonsall also spoke
of a man who had taken them ard after his
discharge was, and is earning from $67.00. to
$69.00. per week. Is it worth while? If you
think so, get in, show that you have a back-
hone instead of a wisttcre ard show the
world that we are neitherslackers nor quitters.

hereunto set
of the United

-

~ THE UMPIRE

‘he has to say. While speaking of University

large number of us are here for trying to get

There is still time. - Send your number - to

NO. 47

that he appreciates the opportunity given
him. Thatmuch for the Engineering Courses.
On Tuesday, December 3rd. we hope
to have the pleasure of hearing Prof. Thos.
I. Mairs, Supt. of Correspondence Courses inli-
Agriculture of the Penn. State College and
Mr. Bonsall invites every one to hear what

Extension Courses I want to call your atten-
tion to the fact that only a few days ago the
man who originated these courses, Prof. Van
Hise, President of the University of Wis-
consin, died. He was the man that made the
University of Wisconsin, a power not only in
the educational world, but also in the com_- 5
mercial and political as well. Before his
time, only those that could afford to spend
the time and money to go to the University
could benefit from its teachings, while now,
thanks to him even the men behind these
high walls have a chance to drink of the
same bourne, and I want to say to every one :
of you, make use of it. In this world one
never can know too much. The Board of In-
spectors and the Warden have given every
man his liberty within these walls and every
one can afford a few hours a week for im-
provement, that sooner or later will prove of

immence benefit to him. :
B. 8000.

MASARYK OFF FOR PRAGUE

New York, Nov. 20.—Dr. Thomas G. Mas-
aryk, first president of the newly created
republic of Czecho-Slovakia, sailed for Liver-

pool today on the British steamship Car-

mania, He was accompanied by his daughter,
Miss Olag. He expects to go to Prague to

assume office and later to attend the peace

conference. ‘I do not feel entitied to address
the whole American nation,”” said Doctor
Masarvk before sailing, “ but I trust to he b
permitted to say through the press that ‘our =
nation will always be grateful to America
for her warm and sincere sympathy with our
cause. Our newﬁrepublic will forever consider
the great Commonwe=alth her elder sister,”

Lloyd‘Gedrge anncunces that he intends
to make England a fit country to live in for
the men who have made a new world.  His
program includes schemes to incrcase the
production from land snd other industries;
re-forestation; better trapspcrt, includirg =
the extension of the canal system; and small -
holdings for soldiers and sailors, with assis- =
tance in the form of homes built by the Gov-

ernment.
