---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_190.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphis,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
~ ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-

ticles will not be returned. .

All communications from inmates should be addreswed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

. writer’s number

Philadelphia, November 27th, 1918.

THANKSGIVING

~ ‘“‘The world is so full of anumber of things,

I’m sure we should all be as thankful as

- kings.”’ so do we venture to paraphrase the

remark of some incurably optimistic poet,

~ whose name we have misplaced, thoitsounds

~ like Lewis Carroll, and we here heartily sub-

 seribe to the truthof this personally amended

statement. There are many reasons to be

~ thankful, in spite of situation, and circum-
_stance; outlook, and retrospect.

The situation might easily be worse, as
those of our number who have experienced
the hospitality of other Institutions of like
character, but totally unlike ideals, will
readily subscribe to; and then we might
really have gotten the justice we demanded,

* and have therewith become life members of
. the ‘““‘McKenty Home Guards’’, instead of
- being a variable star, that twinkles inter-
mittently therein: and we might be lame,
~or halt, or blind, and so be incapacitated for
~ the labor which we admire so much that we
seldom seek a closer acquaintance; or we
might have gone to the war, and have been
gotten by, instead of getting’ a Hun, and
sleep where poppies blow, ‘‘in Flander’s

fields.’’ and who would travel three thousand'

miles tovisit our sepulchre?

Reasons can be found in plenty by the
earnest seeker after such for being thank-
ful, even tho yourneighbor goes out, while you
remain, even tho life for years to come pres-
ent but a barren vista of Fridays; even tho
in your own opinion you are lamentably mis-
understood by the Warden, the Hon. Bob,
and the Doctor, and all your efforts to prove
to the Board that you are a ¢ deserving
Democrat’’ end in ignominious failure, and
you seem doomed to succeed ‘‘Pete’’ as the

~ “‘oldest Inhabitant’’; still do youhave reason
for singing the ‘‘doxology’’ on such a day
as this. 2

Characterized but the other day—by in-
ference, at least—by a supposedly learned
jurist as pampered darlings of the State,
how would the' situation of a Belgian ref-
ugee, or French, or Serbian ditto, appeal to

- you? Toreturn to a devastated land, a ruin-

ed home, and know one’s loved dead; or yet
worse, not to know even that such
poor mercy had been vouchsafed them by
the ruthless conqueror, here would be cer-
tainly the apotheosis of grief, and can you
dare to repine knowing that millions are in
such case? You, safe-sheltered, warmed,
and fed, and clothed in comfort; all your rea-
sonable wants provided for, and lacking
nothing that is absolutely essential to one’s
well-being are in much better case than
these.

You have lost nothing that you cannot
regain, the road to home, and friends, and
freedom, and a newer manhood lies open to
your treading, and help is yours in plenty,
and the reward is sure. None of us so poor
but someone loves us, whether mother, or
Wife, or friend, and here alone is reason to
be thankful. None of us so poor but what
we might be poorer, in spirit, if notin world-
ly goods; and each man can this day be thank-
ful in all sincerity, for our past, that we
were never German in our ‘‘frightfulness’’;
for our future, that such remains to us, a

bright, and as yet unsullied page,/ whereon '’

we may write what we will, and God help us
in the writing.

RELIEF FROM FEAR

The epidemic of influenza has visited well
nigh every portion of our earth, it has been
felt in Europe and in Asia, it has visited our
own continent, has made its ravages in the
American continent to the seouth of us.
Thousands have died as the result of it; and

‘multiplied thousands have suffered the pains

and the discomfort of this malady. The fact
has been apparent also that the physical suff-

‘ering endured in many cases was no greater

than the mental discomfort occasioned thru
fear; in such times and under such condi-
tions how good it is to know the wonderful
blessing and the great haven of comfort, of
security and of power that may be found in
the book of God. -Take for instance the
ninety first psalm. This psalm affords to the
believer a harbour and a refuge from pesti-

lence and destruction. Have you learned the

blessedness of dwelling in the secret place
of the most High; and abiding under the sha-
dow of the Almighty. Have you learned to
know Him as your refuge and fortress and
have you ever experienced His mighty deliv-
erance, and especially do you know the ex-

perience of the deliverance He gives from -

sin. In this psalm, He says that we shall
not be afraid for the: terrors by night hor the
destruction that wasteth at noon- day.

- A big wage drop in war plants hits . thous-
ands of workers. 50% cut is due: to elimin-
ation of overtime and Sunday work.” Work-
ers are surprised, not: expecting. it so soon;

and are quiting work iin numbers at Hog Is-
land, and e]eswhere

(o

RELIGIOUS SERVICES L
Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Pnson s
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning,

General services are held on the varlous'
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2 P.M. ' : \

: & s

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

NOT LESS THAN 212 DEG.

Before water generates steam it must re-
gister 212 deg. of heat. 200 deg. will not do
it; 210 deg. will not do it, The water must
boil before it will generate enough steam to
move an engine, to run a train. Lukewarm
water will not run anything. :

A great many peogle are trying to move
their life trains with lukewarm water, or
water that is almost boiling, and they are
wondering why they are stalled,” why they
cannot get ahead. They are trying to run a
boiler with 200 or 210 degrees of heat, and
they cannot understand why they do not get
anywhere.

Lukewarmness in his work stands in the
same relationtomans achievement that luke
warm water does to the locomotive boiler. No
man can hope to accomplish anything great
in this world until he throws his whole soul
into it.

It is not enough simply to have a general
desire to be something. Thkere is but one
way to accomplish it, and that is to strive to
be somebody with allthe concentrated energy
we can muster. Any kind of a human being
can wish for a thing, can desire it; but only
strong, vigorous minds with great purposes
can do things.

There is an infinite distance between the
wishers and the doers and a mere desire is
lukewarm water, which never will take a
train to its destination; the purpose must
boil, must be made into live steam to do the'
work. So let us now while we are in this
roundhouse for repairs clean out our boilers
thoroughly; and when our engines again are
given a chance on the track of life, heat our
water up to the boiling point of 212 degrees
and we will then have steam enough to carry
us to the station of success.

Foreign Secretary Solf has sent a message
to Secretary of State Lansing, urgently re. s
questing President Wilson to give permission
for a German Commission to leave Germany
immediately for the United States to person-
ally lay before the American Government"
the conditions existing in Germany, and to
assure the taking of steps to purchase food-

aads it

stuffs. -

