---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_191.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

TIME

3 One man has just as much time as another.
Every man has all the time there is, and no
‘man can have any more than that for the
most important work in the world. But one
man uses time forwhathe wantsto do wheth-
~er he can find the time or not, while another
waits for more time, which never comes.
 One man sees or hears of a book that he
~ hopes to findtimeto read, but he has somuch
~ to do that he cannot find the time. Another
‘man wants to know about that book and its
 contents, and he reads it without finding
~ time for its reading. '
| “Yet it is not that the one who waits for
more time for the reading has more im-
portant work than the other meanwhile, or
that he reads more carefully when he does
 read. One simply waits for time for the

reading, the other reads without having the

 time. Until a man will use time without
~ having it, he is not likely to use time when
~ he does have it. —Selected.

WHAT IS REAL VICTORY?

~ When your good is evil spoken of, whenyour
s wishes are crossed, your taste offended, your
. advice disregarded, your opinions ridiculed,
. and you take it all in patient, loving silence
- —that s victory.

~ When you can lovingly and patxently deal
with any disorder, any irregularity, any un-
punctuality or any annoyance —that s vic-
tory.
 When you never care to refer to yourself
_ in conversation or to record your own - good
works, or to itch after commendation, when
. you can truly love to be unknown —that s
victory. . —Sunshine Bulletin.

THINGS THAT COUNT

) e
 *Pis the human touch in this world that counts,
" The touchof your: hand and mine,

" Which means far more to the fainting heart

"~ Than shelter and bread and wine.

" For shelter is gone when the night is o’er,

~ And bread lasts only a day,

~ But the touch of the hand and the sound of
~ the voice

Smg on in the soul alway
Author Unknown

 N)rman Armour, secretary of American

" Embassy in Petrograd, arrived. He said

chaos and suffering Petrograd was inde-

seribable and people were starving. Bol-

" ghevik rule, Mr. Armour declared, was in-

ﬁnitely more autocratic than Emperor’s re-
“g’ime ever dreamed of being.

: Gov Bamberger of Utah will urge Rail-

 road Administration to construct a 200-mile

railway extension to Kaibab Forest, which

is estimated to contain 9,000,000,600 board

. feet of timber, and this would also help to

’ "eclalm 4, OOO 000, OOO acres of vu'gm land in

" A MAGAZINE STORY

The lonely soldier stood on guard at his
Saturday Evening Post.

He stood there, as it seemed to him,
a Century almost!

The Outlook was a dreary one, a chlll was in
the breeze,

The wailing winds went twanging by like
Harpers in the trees.

A Metropolitan was he—a true Amerlcan—

Yet in a few months he’d prov1de a Cosmo-
politan.

He crossed the broad Atlantic like a hero in

the strife. :

The war was everybody’s now—what was
his single life?

He hadn’t sought Adventure in his some-
what feeble youth—

A Woman’s Home Companion was about his
job in truth,
But he read some Snappy Stories in the Bel-
gian Blue Book, then :
He went across the Wide World to help his
fellow men. ;

To found a New Republic in that worn and
weary land.

He’d given up the Smart Set and had sought
a foreign strand.

And now, as he was standing,
thoughts of Farm and Home,
His magazine exploded and blew off his mar-

ble dome!

thinking

Ted Robinson.

Belgian troops occupied Antwerp Friday
and Brussels and Namur, Saturday. Metz
is to be occupied by the Allied troops on
Monday; Liege, on Tuesday; and Strassburg
on Nov. 25, according to the present pro-

gram.

The American Army began to move toward
Germany at 5.30 o’clock Sunday morning.
The army will travel about twelve miles a
day. The American troops will be flanked
by the Armies of France, and they are ex-
pected to cross the Belgian border Sunday
evening.

Assurances that there are and will be jobs
for all, even considering the soldiers that
will come back from training camp and
battlefield, were given by United States la-
pbor officials today. Pennsylvania is short
130,000 workers now, it was said.

These assurances anda call from George
Wharton Pepper, chairman of the Pennsyl-

vania council of national defence, for a
similar orgamzatlon to meet big reconstruc-
tion problems, were the big developments
in the after-war solution today.

The United States Government purchases
2.000,000 pounds of chocolate aimond bars
from the Hershey Company, for Christmas
gift to the Army.

American losses to date: dead, 28,754;

wounded, 43,344; prisoners and missing,
7,925; total, 80,023.

THE VALUE OF HOPE.

When men give up hope they are certainly

in a sad state. With hope burning in the
breast we can endure all things which come
upon us in life. As has been well said:
““There is not a man in the world who is not
saved by hope every day of his life. Rob
one of hope and you have robbed him of his
power. Nothing may so quickly unnerve a
man and render him helpless as to, take hope
out of his heart, What is poverty? What
is sickness? What is disaster? What are
daily burdens? What signifies the desertion
of friends? What of death itself so long as
man can hope? The man who hopes will
brush every difficulty out of the way. He
will put aside every suggestion of failure.

Take hope out of a man’s heart and you

have taken all. Put hope into a man’s heart
and you have given all.

HEALTH AND HOW TO GET IT
THROUGH EXERCISE

Constipation has well been called the
‘Mother of all Diseases’’ because of the
number of ills that so often follow in the
train of this disorder. Perhaps more troubles
of the human body can be traced to constipa-
tion than to any onedisease. Constipation is
simply the failure of bowels tocast out from
thebody the waste and therefuse thatareleft
in the large intestine after the nutritive parts
of the food have been assimilated. Simple
neglect is one of the chief causes of constipa-

tion, and when once it has begun it is- likely

to become chronic. The bowels are slaves to
habit, and irregularity quickly starts trouble.
"Constant sitting and lack of exercise, in-
sufficent fluid taken with the food, and defeec-
tive secretion of bile by the liver, are among
the causes.
the most chronic case of constipation can be
relieved. 1. Local massage over the colon 10
minutes from right to left. 2. Standing bend-
ing of knees (hands on hips.) 3. Flexion and
extension of legs. 4. Percussion of back.
5. Lying flat on back with clasped hands
back of head raise body to a sitting position
(ten to twenty times.)

France expects President Wilson to attend

the Peace conference; and expects the same
to be held at Versailles, or Paris.
Erzberger will conduct the preliminaries of
the peace negotiations for Germany.

The Czech-Slovak Republic was forrh'a-]"]y‘ ‘

proclaimed at Prague, on Friday by action
of the National Assembly; and the selecticn
of Prof. Masaryk as
President Masaryk will sail from New York.

The 24th Divisian, U. S. Army, composad
of men from-Philadelphia, and Eastern Penn-
sylvania, will, upon their return to the United

States, be sent to Camp Dix, or Camp Meade

for demobilization, and then will be permlt,
ted to parade in Philadelphia.

With the calisthenics here given.

Matthias -

President confirmed. -

