---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_192.jpg
---
'HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Nov. 19th meeting of the Board of
Delegates, the following were admitted to
membership in the Club: B 9405-25 cents;
9377-25 cents; 9383-10 cents; 9396-10 cents;
9400; 9402; 9389 8048, 9392; 9373; 9387; 9390;
9391; 9401; re-instated, B 7425. The Report
of the Treasurar showed a Balance of $267.
22.  Receipts of the week were; from sale of
rags, and paper, $202.37; from Circulating
Library, $5.35; sale of ladies hand-bag, $7.50;
donations, 70 cents. Expenditures for the
same period were; Thrift Stamps, $1.00 2
vears subsecription to American Magazine;
$3.00; supplies, including strings, ete, for
~ Orchestra, and stationery for Club, $13.06;
to B 8242, commission on paper sales, $3.00;
to B 6153, commission on paper sales, $17.24;
Loan to B 8422, $5.00; B 8436, ladies bag,
$5.00; B 8526, loan, $3.00. A
Satucday’s Entertainment was, in theopinion
of all who witnessed it, the best ever given
in the Institution, both as to quality and
quantity, and went a long way towards com-
pensating us for the trials and tribulation of
the week. Mr. Kraupa redeemed his promise,
and had an absolutely first run picture on
hand, and the promised visitors from the
Triangleorganization were also on hand, with
others, including, very much so, the Hon.
Jimmy Mulligan, and his new-foundhappiness,
Summoned to to the stage by Mr. Kraupa,
to return thanks to the H. F. C. for it’s
little gift, he had just gotten thru-the pre-
amble to what promised to be a very gem of
a speech, when SOMEONE entered, and
Jimmy, speech and all else forgotten, flew
~ to welcomeher. Mr. Kraupa also introduced
to an appreciative audience, Mr. Hartigan,
of the Triangle company, who spoke briefly
of the work the Company is doing in the
furnishing of films, both eduecational and
~amusing, for such as we, and the great good
that is-apparent. Later in the afternoon,
Mr. (Carrick, District Superintendent for
the Universal Company, was called forward
by Mr. Kraupa, and made a happy little
speech to the men, voicing his pleasure at
being present, and seeing with his own eyes
. the work of which he had heard so much.

-Nor was this all the speech- -making, for
the Hon. Rube, appeared onthe stage during
applause in the performance, and called the

attention of the audience to the presence of -

Mr. Kenyon, lately donor of a beautiful,

large silk flag for the H. F. C. and in the
present instance, donor of a large bundle of
small silk flags. Mr. Kenyon was called
upon for a speech, but could only say a few
words by reason of having a heavy cold: but
was given a rousing cheer for his generosity.

Miss Russel was most lavish with her por.

tion of the day’s entertainment, presenting
an exceptional program of vaudev:lle “Doc

‘quarter-of-an-hour pass very quickly;

THE UMPIRE

Mince’’, and Miss Farman, opened the Bill
and very quickly danced and sang their way
into the favor of the audience, which became
most enthusiastic over Miss Farman’s sing-
ing of ‘“The Sunshine of Your Smile’’. Mr.
Billy Pilsen, character impersonator, follow-
ed and showed a versatile genius in his par-
ticular line. He portrayed many "chara«cters
ranging from infancy to senile old age, with
perfect ease, and a fidelity to life, which
was well nigh perfect. ‘‘M’dlle’’ Elliott,
then appeared in a Paris ‘‘creation’’ which
left the audience gasping for breath, but how
terrific was the disappointment when the
‘‘M’dlle’’ suddenly snatching off her head-
dress, appeared as a member of the sterner
sex. Mr. Elliott is certainly a master of his
art. Mr. George Martin, appeared in a hap-
py Hooligan custume, and gave the audience
a few delightful minutes listening to his line
of jokes, and ‘‘patter.’”’ ‘‘Baby’’ Edna, a
wee little maid, whose natural habitat one
would think the nursery, rather than the
stage, but who displayed all the aplomb of a
veteran performer, delighted us all with her
singing, and left us all the happier for her
presence. The great hit of the afternoon
was Henry & Garvin, who appeared in a
““Rube’’, and Irish make-up, looking to the
manner-born, and sent the audience into
gales of wholesome laughter, with their fun-
making. Miss Miller, well, and appropriat-
ely named the ‘‘Nordica of vaudeville’’ then
sang for us, and it is our dearest wish to
hear Miss Miller repeat her performance of
the afternoon. The Melody Jewells,
Violinist and singer, with a little folk-dane-
ing thrown in for good measure, made a
while
Bates & Bigley, comedians, appearing in
‘‘black-face,’’” with snappy dialogue, and a
first class exhibition of fancy dancing fur..
nished a fitting close to a superlative show.
We are very greatly indebted to all who were
responsible for the weaving of such golden
thread into the usual dull gray of our exis-
tence.
B. 8266 Seec.
Starting on Monday, most of the depart-
ments of the Bethlehem Steel Company go

on an eight hour basis, with -all over—time
eliminated.

Subscriptions to Canadian Victery Loan

amounted to $158,679,000 at beginning of

second week of drive.

Allies will demand punishment of enemy

commanders who have encouraged cruelty to
war prisoners.
HELP WANTED MALE—Young man wanted
for proofreader witha good education, bright,
alert and reliable; must be accurate in spelling
and grammar. Apply at the Department of
Printing.

‘pairs of slippers.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your ‘,
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future ° use

-of ¢ Ad" column ‘{
=

FOR SALE Clothes-brushes halr brushes '
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢c to
$5.00. B 1381, 7th Block. (x93
ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var- -
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-
ruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray
treatments for facial defects of any desecrip-
tion, B 6533, 7th. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satls guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS— repalred and covered. B8939,
8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.
B 9177, 1st Block. A
FOR SALE One stocking machine and
ribber 140 needle machines brand new Wlll 7
sell cheap B 7965 7 Block i
FOR SALE-—Banjo and Case, Instructer,
extra set of strings $6.00 B 6919 12 B 2 Gal. ;
PATRIOTIC— Watch fobs of beads for sale.
B 7599, 4th Block. S
FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, B 7362, 6 B,
FOR SALE—150 American bead flags, and 3
B 6343 12 B 2d Gallery.
FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, price 75 cents cents
a pair, B 9215 6 Block.

FOR SALE —Pianvette cheap with 150 sheets
of music, good as new. B 9059 7th Block.
LOST—In front of bandroom, an Alto mouth
piece. Please return to B 8960 5 Block. '

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts,
Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools; Flag
Pins, Shields Humidors, and trays. B 8028,
1st Block.

LISTEN—Your razor put in first class con-
dition. Razors honed, ground full, hollow, 3
or half concave. 1 specialize in thls line: B: ¥
7452, 8th, Block. e
All kinds of polishing done, Inla:d Boxes

Tables, etc. reasonable. 9005, 7th Gallery.
Birds For Sale— male and iensle sl ca—gtﬁs'
B 9070 7th Block. s
TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00
B 3079, 1st Block.
CLOCKS, WATCHES—Repaired, bought,
and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery. _
TYPEWRITING—Personal and  business
letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, also
corrected at reaqonable rates. B £993, 10thf ‘

Block. e

Also Hardware Locks, nges et( for ea]e E
B 9152,  11th. B]ock
FOR SALE——-Jumplng Jacks, O 35 centq each &
B 3847, 7 Block.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes, also trays in walé\_;‘-{”‘
nut oak. Prices reasonable. B 6523 7 Block.

Will sell chea_p}.

