---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_193.jpg
---
- VOL. V :

e

Philadelphia December 4th. 1918

 THE UMPIRE

NO. 48

" PEACE TERMS DEFINED
BY LODGE DIFFER FROM
THOSE OF WILSON

Washington, Aug. 23.
LODGE PEACE BASIS

CONDITIONS essential to peace, as pro-
nounced by Senator Lodge:
: ',‘\First. Belgium must be restored.
Second. Alsace and Lorraine must be re-
stored to France unconditionally, not because
of sentiment, but because the iron and coal
- of Lorraine must forever be taken from Ger-
 many. :
‘Third. Italia Irredenta, all those areas
 where the Italian race is predominant, in-
~ cluding Trieste, must go back to Italy.
~ Fourth. Serbia and Rumania must be es-
~ tablished in their independence. j
'Fifth. Greece must be made secure.
: '_Sixth. The Jugo-Slavs and the Czecho
-Slayvs must be established as independent

States. :
Sezenth. The Polish people must have an

_independent Poland.

Eighth. The Russian provinces
from Russia by the Brest-Litovsk
~ treaty must be restored to Russia.
‘Ninth. Constantinople must be taken
~ away from Turkey and placed in the hands
of the Allied nations as a free port, so as to
bar Germany’s way to the east and hold the
Dardanelles for the benefit of mankind.
Tenth. Palestine must never return to
" Turkish rule and the persecuted Christian

~ of Asia Minor, the Syrians and the Armen-
~ jans must be made safe.

WILSON PEACE TERMS

taken
peace

 The basis for peace as enunciated by Presi-
dent Wilson in an address to Congress Jan-
uary 8, 1918: 3
First. Our covenants of peace, openly ar-
" rived at, after which there shall be no pri-

kind, but diplomacy shall proceed always
" frank and in the public view. A

~ Second. Absolute freedom of navigation
upon the seas, outside territorial waters,
alike in peace and inwar, except as the seas
may be closed bn the whole or in part by
‘ international action for the enforcement of
 jnternational . covenants.
~ Third. The removal, as
all economic barriers.

.~ Fourth. Adequate guarantees given and
taken that national armaments will be re-
duced to the lowest point consistent with
domestic safety. '

far as possibleq of

vate international understandings of any

Fifth. A free, openg}ninded and absolutely
impartial adjustment of all colonial claims,
based upon a strict observance  of the prin-
ciple that in determining all such questions
of sovereignty the interests of the popu-

la_tioris concerned must have equal weight
with the equitable claims of Government

whose title is to be determined.

Sixth. The evacuation of all Russian ter-

ritory and such a settlement of all questions
affecting Russia as will secure the best and
freest co-operation of the other nations of
the world in obtaining for her an unham-
pered and unharassed -opportunity for the
injependent determination of her own po-
itical development and national policy.

Seventh. Belgium must be evacuated and

restored.

Eighth. All French territory should be
freed and the invaded portions restored, and
the wrong done to France by Prussiain 1871
in the matter of Alsace-Lorraine, which has
unsettled the peace of the world for nearly
fifty years, should be righted in order that
peace may once more be made secure in the
interest of all.

Ninth. A readjustment of the frontiers
of Italy should be effected along clearly re-
cognizable lines of nationality.

Tenth. The peoples of Austria-Hungary,
whose place among the nations we wish to
see safeguarded and assured, should be ac-
corded the freest opportunity of autonomous
development.

Eleventh. Rumania, Serbia and Monte-
negro should be evacuated; occupied terri-

tories restored; Serbia accorded free and se-

cure access to the sea.

Twelfth. The Turkish portions of the
present Ottoman Empire should be assured
as secure sovereignty; other nationalities
which are now under Turkish rule should be
aasured an undoubted security of life and an
absolutely unmolested opporturnity of auto-

Tlom;us development; the Dardanelles should

be permanentely opened.

Thirteenth. An indepeudent Polish State
should be erected, which should include the
territories inhabited by indisputably Polish
populations, which shovld be assured a free
.sea.

and secure aceess to the

Fourteenth. A general association of na-*

tions must be formed under specific cove-

nants for the purpose of affording.mutual -

guarantees of political independence and
territorial integrity to great and small States

alike.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES
IN AGRICULTURE

Whether or not the fire that a few days
ago destroyed the Engineering Building -at
the State College, causing a damage ofover
$ 300,000.—. will interfere with the Corres-
pondence Courses in Agriculture we do not
know, but if it does it will only be tempor-
ary.

Those among you, that are farmers or
would like to become farmers will find these
courses of great value, and should not miss
this chance to acquire knowledge, that after
your discharge will pay you well for the
time and work spent on them.

Quite often I have been told by men whom
I asked to take up these courses, ‘‘Oh, I krnow
all about farming’’. This always reminds
me of a case I know of. This man also knew
all about farming. :

A farmer when 20 years old, married and
bought a farm. Hedid not have enough

money to pay for it, so he put a heavy mort- .=

gage on the farm. For 40 yeaws he worked
like a horse from early morning until late at
night, until infirmities, brcught on by old
age and hard work, forced him to turn the
farm over to his son. All these years the
mortgage set heavy on his shoulders and he
turned it over to his son with the farm.
Eight years after the son had taken the
farm, he had the mortgage cleared cff. He.
had no better equipment than his father,
but his father had farmed with muscles only,
the son mixed brains with his muscles. The
father had probably as much brains as the
son but did not know how to use them. The
son studied and put the knowledge gained in
his studies to practical use with the result
as shown.

" There is a very curious thing about brains—
its unlimited capacity. A box or barrel can
hold only a certain amount, their capacity is
limited. While the more you put on your
brains the more room you find and the easier
you will find it to acquire knowledge and
to put the same to practical use.

Give it a try. You have all the time, The
only thing you will have to spend for it, ¥as
everything else will be furnished free of
charge, - Think it over and if interested send:
your number to Mr. Bonsall.

' B. 8600

The German fleet surrenders, Seventy
ships, the back-bone of her fleet, are given
up, reducing her from second to sixth place
as a naval power. :

