---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_194.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

===m——_-——"_''_—___._._——-————___-_—_————'—'—'_—____—_'—

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
ovpri Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its _maders.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. :

“All communications from inmates should be addressed
_v The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the QOverseer.
~ who will see to their delivery. >

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number

Philadelphia, December 4th., 1918.

WORK OR DRILL?

We regret to notice that a number of our
“local ‘‘warriors’’ seem to labor under the
impression that the E. S. P. Military Train-
ing Corps—better known locally as the
‘‘Guerillas!’”’—is a relic of the late lamented
Coxey’s Army, and as such, quite immune
from work in whatsoever form it may take.

/ We enjoy the pertect felicity of being an '

“‘officer’’ of the said ‘‘Army,’’ and are blith-.
ely aware that we only appear in ‘‘Camp’’

- when we know that rations are about due

to be distributed; and now that we have de-
finitely placed ourself in the ranks of the
‘malingerers, we will zo gaily ahead with our
self-appointed task of pointing out to the
““Lotos-eaters’’ of the ‘‘Army’’ that this
organization was not designed as a Harbor
of Refuge for ‘‘conscientious objectors’’
to work; for those whose idea of a Perfect
Day, is a day spentin bed, with a peck of
. cigarettes, and ‘‘Abe, the Artless Assassin,
or Twelve Buckets of Blood; but was rather
inténded, and instituted as a medium of pre-
paration for those who might later attain to
the opportunity of war service; and now that
war is supposedly over, it is being retained,
not as a ‘‘Hotel de Gink,’” but rather for it’s
proven beneficial effect upon the health, and
perhaps the morals of it’s members.
~ The setting-up exercise; the open-air drill-
ing have had a most excellent effect upon
the participants in the same, as is evidenced
by the medicalrecords of the last few months.
The ‘““Army’’ waspractically immune from
the attacks of the ‘‘flu’’, almost all of those
locally attacked, coming from the shops, or
_other indoor employments, which might be
used as an argument against work, or not,
dependent upon the reasoner’s attitude to-
wards oranges and ice- cream. We have no
statistics at hand as to its effect upon the
fortunes of those leaving us, but we are al-
most sure that the uniform has been but sel-
. dom disgraced by it’s former wearers, and
. as yet we haven’t heard of any ‘‘re-enlist-
~ments.”” Personally, we would like to see
; f,he entire place, and population militarized,

THE UMPIRE

and drill made compulsory, instead of volun-
tary; we being fully aware of its immense
value to the individual, but we have anequal-
ly huge respect for work as a restorer of

lost values —and persons- and we would ad-

vise both —to be taken before meals, and
then Heaven help the Commissariat!

Drill, and its concomitant, discipline,
strengthens bothbody; and will. It can make,

has madein many instances- real up-standing

men, out of weaklings who don’t dare smoke:

a cigar; becauseif theypasted anything heav.
ier than a cigarett to their upper lip, they’d
overbalance themselves. Without that sense
of obedience to the superior force, whether
it be natural, human, or spiritual, the
battle is already half lost, for who can hope
to command even his own spirit, who has not
learned to obey?

We are sure that all are agreed as to the
value of drill, but how about work? Here
is a wide divergence of opinion, ranging

from those who regard it as being quickly

fatal, to those who have a sneaking admir-
ation for it but are afraid to show it, for fear
of earning the contempt of their fellows.
Right here we are going to interpolate the
historic remark made to the Hon. Bob, on
a not-distant day by an Inmate who was
asked by the Hon. if he wanted a job, and
‘“‘indignantly’’ replied, ‘You done asked me
that once already, and I told you No!”’
Gentlemen, I ask of you, can you picture
the resultant scene? The censorship forbids
our recording the reply of the Hon. Bob,
but it’s tenor can be guessed by the echoes
and reverberations that yet linger in the
neighbourhood, and the “‘insulted’’ warrior
hasn’t been seen since. So much for the
life of dolce far niente!
Frankly we must unsparingly condemn any
such attitude. The man who will refuse the
work which was once soeagerly sought with-

in this Institution; who would take a selfish .

advantage of a situation which was, and is
intended to be helpful, and not harmful, is
much less than a man, and is deserving of
the severest condemnation of his fellows,
and all ills which are certain to be visited upon
him. To refuse a proffered chance of labor
in such a place as this, where hours are short,
and bosses are all ‘‘easy bosses,”’ is to write
oneself down as quite undeserving of consid-

eration, and utterly lacking in that most im-

portant of all qualities that go to make a
man: the will to labor.

WAR HAS COST TWO
HUNDRED BILLIONS

The Federal Reserve Board reports that
the direct cost of the war for all belligerent
nations will amount to nearly 200 billion dol-
lars before the end of the year. If Santa
Claus had this money: He could give every
man, woman and child in the United States
$2.000, or he could buy a home for every

~ RELIGIOUS SERVICES
Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison

_Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.

Confession every Saturday ‘morning. "

ngeral services are held on the wvarious
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday mornin

Episcopal services for men, Eastern
itentiary. 3rd Thursday each month, 9.3(
A. M., 1st & 38rd Thursdays each mont
2 PsM- % i

Jewish services are held on Saturday
the band room.

family in the United States and send the
est son to college. This amount of money'}i'
silver dollars, if loaded into freight car
would fill 7,833 trains of twenty cars each an
each car carrying forty tons,and there woul
be about six ear loads left to pay the crew
In silver dollarsit would weigh 12,500, 000 00!
pounds. These trains loaded with silver d
lars, would reach from' Philadelpuia to S
Francisco. The direct cost of the war for al
belligerent nations to last May is reporte
about $175.000,000,000, For purely mili
and naval purposes all belligerents spent
bout $132,000,000,000 to May 1, or about three
fourth of the total war ‘cost. The balanc
represents interest on debt ard other indir
war expenses. About $150,000,000,000 of th
total war cost has been raised by war loan ¥
and comparatively little by taxation. Here
after the annual burden ofthe seven pr1nc1pa,
belligerents to pay interest and sinking :
allowances will be not less then $10,000,00
000, and probably much more. i

DANISH SLESVIG
AT THE PEACE TABLA

JUSTICE CALLS FOR THE RIGHTING Q

A GREAT WRONG FIFTY- FOUR
YEARS AGO

To the Editor of Public Ledger:

Sir—Vast and far-reaching problems
present themselves to the peace conferenc
To settle them with justice toward all, w
due regard for the principles for which ¢t
war has been fought to a glorious ”co-;
sion, will be such a tremendous task t
some apparently small prcblem, some act
justice to a small nation, may uninten
ally be overlooked. And for that reasos
venture to-call attention to one probl
smallin size and importance, but in
of justice long deferred and richly deser
in the front rank.

I mean the return of Danish Slesv:g to
motherland, Denmark. While one of t
smallest of European nations, Denmark
the oldest now in existance. Ever since
beginning of history Slesvig has been a
of Denmark, until in 1864 Prussia and
tria, by the most barejaced robber-

_ever mstlgated tore it away

