---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_195.jpg
---
TWO CLOCKS.

 of all visitors to that grand city along
Aniong its, performances are the

ght of time are struck by automatonfigures.

- A youth strikes the quarter, a' mature man
~ the half hour, and an old man, representing
the figure of Time, the full hour. This
.‘.clock tells also the times and seasons of ec-
clesiastical events as far as they associated
with astronomical phenomens, and it gives

: the phasesof the moon, and equation of time.
At noon a cock mounted on a pillar, crows

thrlce, when a procession of the apostles

mes out and passes in.view of the Saviour
ymong them Peter, who, shrinking from the
ye of his Lord, shows by his embarrased
emeanor that he has heard the crowing of
he cock, and has fully understood its mean-
Among the movements of the auto-
- matons is that of a beautiful youth, who
rns an hour glass every fifteen minutes.
e There is also-a celestial circle or orrery
that shows the motions of the heaven]y
bodies.—
- Itis claimed that this celebrated clock at
Strasbourg was made by a conviet,
erman watchmaker, who was serving a
life term in a prison, located not{far“ from
_ the great cathedral overlooking. the banks
~of the Rhine. ‘The cathedral had then no
~time piece fitted in to its architecture, and
b.fter encouraged and assisted by friends
_ this convict set about constructing this mar-
velous piece of work, and when he had

completed arrangements were imade for hls‘

sardon which was granted him - by Wilhelm
' the first, he was released and given the per-
mission to superlntend the installation of the

ek
Many -/hundred have done their time in
ere and walked out without knowing the
tory of the clock in our tower, that has

, s} uck for them their hour of release,—and
 many are yet in here who do not know that

- was made by B 1381 ‘‘Jake’’ as it might

nterest some of the readers to know a little

X out its dimensions we here give a correct
ment from the builder, who is yet with

gSounh 33 mcnea, Pendulum 42 inches,
ght of interior works 400pounds, Wexght

; e, of striking works 600 pounds,
; ight at end of cable, of time works 250
' ds, The twd' cables carrying weights, ale
in diameter and have a fall of

Welght of str‘lklng hammer

ost very day one can see “‘Jake”’
o the tower to il or wind his
or »tho;ugh the counting of time

an old -

THE UMPIR’E

by this clock of hlS does not mean anything G. A. Tressler, the Rev. M. G G. Schere,

to him, he does not want it to hold back a
mmute for the other fellow.—

SHINE ON, RED CROSS!

For the healing of the nations God
has set you in His sky

As a never-failing promise that His
mercy from on high

Shall be showered, without ‘favor,
the stricken far and nigh

When Pain and Death stand by!

With the blood of many heroes He has
. painted you, to say;
““Thru the darkness of disaster I will

. guide you to the «way
That shall lead from Hope’s despalrlng
to the glory of the day
Where Joy once more holds sway"’

on

(s

In the yearning of a woman who had
heard the cries of woe :

From the dread Crimean stretches,
were mothered long ago,

That the forces of destruction might
be smitten in their flow

By love’sunending glow!

Thru the wreck and waste of battles
you’ve kept shining for the soul

That in peace is now awaklng to the
glory of the goal

To behold the heavenly vision of a

-~ world once more made whole

When strife no more takes toll!

you

LUTHERAN CHURCHES
UNION CONSUMMATED

New York. Nov. 15.— The final union of
the several sections of the Lutheran denori-
nation in this country and Canada,became an
accomplished fact today with the incorpora-
tion of the three bodies, the General Syncd,
the General Council and the General Syned
of the South into the United Lutheran Church
of America. Three thousand clergymen,
5000 churches, 1,000,000 confirmed members
and 1, 600,000 baptized members are repre-
sented in the new organization.

The merger meeting was formally opened
after the delegates of the three general
bodies entered the auditorium in solemn pro-
cession. They came into the ballroom head-
ed by the officers of the United Lutheran
Church of America. Prayer wassaid by the
Rev. Frank F. Fry :

Addresses were made bv the Rev. Vlctor

and the Rev. Dr. Theodore E. Schma‘ c
an(fgreetmgs by the Rev. Dr. Junlus B
Remensnyder were responded to by ti
Rev. Dr. Fredrick H. Knubel, president o
the * United Lutheran Church. Doc
Knudel deplored the spirit of Bolshevism
which stalks abroad in the world today and to
of the emphatic stand taken against it

" the Lutheran Church.

A complete constitution for the go;ﬁer
ment of the newbody whichhas already been
adopted by all the synods was ratified by the
Assembly. Following the completion of
gal proceedings, the convention adJourned
and in resuming business at the afternoon
session proceeded to the election of officers.
Upon the third ballot the Rev. F. H. Knubel,
pastor of the Church of Atonement, N
York, was elected president. The Rev.

M. G. G. Scherer, of Charleston, S. C., pres
dent of the former United Synod of the

- South, was elected secretary, and E. Cla

ence Miller, of Philadelphia, treasurer.

In his inaugural address to the Assemb y
Doctor Knubel reaffirmed the loyalty of the
Lutheran Church to the Government and th'
nation,

IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP WELL

Don’t carry your troubles to bed with you.

Don’t enter into a discussion or becom )
excited over any matter just before retiring,
if you would have restful, needed slumber

Discharge these dlsquletlng thoughts ’tlll
broad daylight. :

It will then be possible for you todo clea .
er thinking and more to the point: A

At night your system should be relaxed to
gain strength for the following day, and
worry then leads to morbid thought. N

When you find your mind racing madly and.
you cannot seem to stop it, get up and int
a chair. Often the change of physical p
ition will help to gain control of the runaway

‘thoughts which trouble you.

Itis far better to remain out of bed th
to roll and toss about, till you get yours
completely out of Whack because sleep won 't
come.

Sleeplessness is often prolonged from the
too great effort to overcome it. o

To use your time after bed hour goir g over
annoyancee is antagonizing the little  slee
God ‘‘Morpheus’” and he will get even every-
time. .

Hold some happy reatful thoughts or sen
timent when ycu close your eyes gt nig
and see if you are not able to solve your
pxob]ems ea51er next day. < :

Eight divisions of the American Arny
will be returned to this country as soon as
possible, while thirty divisions will remain,
in France, until peace is signed, at ]eas,‘
perhaps longer. The Pennsylvania troop.

are among those remaining.

¥

