---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_196.jpg
---
TR

]

s

- whoentertainedthe audience very acceptably

~ which vastly pleased her hearers.
who followed presented the bestact of the

THE UMPIRE

member of our Club, appeared with an en-
tirely new repertoire of songs, and a striking
new dance, and captured the hearts of the
audience as easily as of old. Professor Hines,
" There was no meetingof the Board of Del- yoptriloquist, gave a very interesting, and

HONOR CLUB NOTES

_egates held during the week. The resig- ,y4ing performance, and Lang & Marshall,

nation of B 8662, Delegate, 12-2d Gallery, .,medians, closed in a telling manner, a long.
was accepted, and B 8989 was appointed to ,.4 entertaining bill.

"fill vacancy. Expenditures for the week py. Frank Kenyon, was again hresent
were: B 8258, watch fobs, $1.50; B 8436, ;59 prought for our pleasure and profit,
ladies hand-bag, $5.00; B 7784, inlaid boxes, g Jjohn G. Wilson, war-worker, and com:
$28.00; B 6316, boxes, $3.50; B 7021, pin- ,,ser of patriotic songs, who was introduced
cushion shoes, $1.95; B 8203, boxes, $17.00; ¢, the audience by Mr. Walker in a thrilling-
B 8266, boxes, $4.00; B 9311, trays $9.75; 1y patriotic speech. Mrs. Wilson was good
B 7971, pincushion boxes, $i3'00; B 1381, anough to sing for us, her famous song,
brushes, $20.12; B 9152, humidors, $12,00; < Hats off to Uncle Sam,’’ after telling us of

- B 7737, toy furniture, $3.00; B 8526, loan, yapingpiration for the piece, the chorus of

'$3.00; thrift stamps, $1.00; one years sub- o pich was
scription to the Crisis, $1.00; second instal- o ence.

ment on Liberty Bonds, $30.00; loan, B 5847,
$§-00' Receipts for the week were; from.pause in the performance, and called the
Circulating Library sales, $4.85; from .sales attention of the audience to the faect that
thru Mrs. Bartlett,_ $12.00; thru Mr. Dipple, the Christmas holidays were fast approch-
$5.00. The above listed purchases were all ing, and appealed to them to make a good
made to.be sold thru the djsinterested kind- showing in the collection fcr the Kiddies
Bess Of_M?‘ Frank Dlpple, of the Broth-er- Xmas Fund, which is now being collected.
hood Mission, who is ben.t upon repeating 4 told the members that by giving liber-
this year his generous action of the last. ally to this fund they could best thank him
Saturday afternoon the members of the 2d ¢ . any pleasure he maY have given them,
Section'eanyed another first class enter- . 4 spoke of how fine a thing it was to make
tainment at the hands of Miss Russell, Mr. ... one child happy. | We feel sure thatthe

ksung.again and again by the

- Kraupa, and their staff of artists, andhelpers. pe5h0nce to such an unselfish plea as this will

It was a solid three hours of interest, and p. most gratifying
healthy fun, it being after four o’clock be- ;
fore the last flicker died on the magic screen,

and the audience drew that long collective m e —————————————earesi
breath of satisfaction which means that hero, PENITENTIARY CHAPLAIN PRESENTED

WITH SILVER LOVING CUP.

B:8266, Sec,

and heroine are in a fair way to be married
and live happily ever after. :

The Vaudeville bill was a long and an exce
lent one, being headed by Mr. Gestwalt

From The Public Ledger
More than 200 men and women religious

in the city paid tribute to the Rev. Josepgh
Welch yesterday, when at the coneclusion of
’ the regular religious services at the Eastern
St4te Penitentiary they presented him with
a magnificent silver loving cup as a token of
- their appreciation of his efforts to co-operate
with them in looking after the spiritual needs
of the prisoners in that institution. Mr.
Welch is chaplain of the penitentiary, and
today is celebrating his eighty-second birth-
day, a fact which gave added significance to
yesterday’s presentation. ‘
Mr. Welch has served twenty-seven years
as chaplain and moral instructor atthe pris-
» son, under six consecutive administrations.

stories in an inimitable manner; and was fol-
lowed by Grimes & Hoffman, singers, ete

indeed, and were succeded by the Melody
Jewels, who appeared this Saturday, in sep.
arate settings, Miss Vogel, violinist, Miss
Dayvis, vocalist, and Mr. Joe Sullivan, accom
panist-and singer, presenting a most pleas:
ing act. Miss Selma Carvel the ‘‘Black
Mammy’’ then appeared in ‘‘black face,”’
and sang a number of Dixie songs to the de-
light of the colored portion of the audience,
ending with some darkey dialect tales,
Lee & Lee

afternoon, and were heartly applauded, by = st o
an appreciative audience. Miss Lee had a  William Gibbs McAdoo, Secretary of the
really fine voice, and Mr, Lee’s portrayal of Treasury, Director-General - of Railroads
a Hebrew character was perfect, to say the .holder of a number of other jobs, including’
“least, and the twain kept their hearers in that of being son-in-law to President Wilson,
gales of laughter, or when singing, in such suddenly resigns, giving as his reason, the
silence as evidenced the truest appreciation. inadequacy of his salary, and the necessity
- We extend to them the sincerest of invita- of providing for his family by securing a
tions to return. La Petite Adeline, whom more lucrative form of employment, and the
we are honored by having as an Honorary political pot thereby boils furiously.

v 3 ‘; 3 3

'FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.
Mr. Kraupa mounted the stage during a

sell cheap B 7965 7 Block

¢ i ’ k ti ;
monologiSt, +ho' told a number of darkey WOrKers representing almost every church

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through 'your‘ X
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of "Ad"’ column.

FOR SALP - Clothe b e

- hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 356¢c to
$5.00. B 1381, 7th Block. %

ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var-
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-
ruff ete., High-Frequency and Violet Ray
treatments for facial defects of any descrip-
tion, B 6533, Tth. Gal. :

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen
at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019,10B.
UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8939,
8th Block. Cell 22 : : 4

Will sell cheap.
B 9177, 1st Block.

FOR SALE. One stocking machine and
ribber 140 needle machines brand new will

FOR SALE—Banjo and Case, !Instructer,
extra set of strings $6.00 B 6919 12 B 2 Gal.

PATRIOTIC— Watch fobs of beads for sale.
B 7599, 4th Block.

FOR SALE—Pin cushion sho‘es,"B 7362, 6 B.
FOR SALE—150 American bead flags, and 3
pairs of slippers.. B 6343 12 B 2d Gallery.
FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, price 75 cents
a pair, B 9215 6 Block. :

BIRDS FOR SALE—Fine singers and good
colors. Going out scon. B 7507 3rd B. J-1
LOST—In front of bandroom, an Alto mouth
piece. Please return to B 8960 5 Block.

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts,
Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tocls; Flag
Pins, Shields Humidors, and trays. B 8023,
1st Block. ; i
LISTEN—Your razor put in first class con-
dition. Razors honed, ground full, hellow,
or half concave. I specialize in this line B
7452, 8th, Block. : '

All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes,
:I‘ab]es,‘etc. reasonable. 8005, 7th Ge_;]_lg_l‘x.
Birds For Sale—male and female also cages
B 9070 7th Block. o .
TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid. $1.00
B 3079, 1st Block. - “o
CLOCKS, WATCHES—Repaired, bought,
and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery. : o
TYPEWRITING—Personal and business
letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, also
corrected at reasonable rates. B-8993, 10th
Block. : ;

Also Hardware, Locks, Hinges, etc. for sale,
B 9152, 11th. Block.
FOR SALE—Jumping Jacks, 0.85 cents eaeh,
B 3847, 7 Block. N
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes, also trays in wal-
nut oak. Prices reasonable. B 6523 7 Block.

