---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_197.jpg
---
RS PUBLISHED
IN PRISON

5 By EVERETT SPRING.

ere isa school of Journallsm in the United
States which is seldom, perhaps never,
ard of by the general pubhc Iti is called'

':‘éh.é-‘leading ex‘pohent' of penal journalism;
ut, as a rule, the readers are wholly men
d Women doing time for offences against

se prxson papers have the merit of re-

nting the cleanest journalism of the
ted States. Not one of them is ‘ ‘yellow’’
ven sensational. They are all for the up-
although not a few are amply enterpris-
and many of them are really clever.

This unusual journalism follows closely in
steps of the new thought and general
ement for the betterment of prisons and

or 2 more humane rational treatment of
onvicts. It had its birth, and lives its life,
nhind tall gray walls and iron bars. It is

- this reason that so little of .its work

‘che»s the general public, notwithstanding

.t, under the name of ‘‘penal journalism,’

it embraces within its ranks several hundred
ates of the different penitentiaries scat-

ed over the United States. About 28

‘ll‘Water Minn., under the name of the

‘It was’ followed some years after-
f’d by the Penitentiary News, published
nmates of the Ohio Penitentiary m Col-

) outside publications. From these be-.
: g's grew the present- -day penal journa-
'whlch now number about 40 publica-

issued from as many institutions,

ers. ’T‘he ob_}ﬂct of thece publications
r about one-half of them are avow-
g5 gﬂd in the correcting of vindictive
mellt and inhuman treatmentof prison.

" enlightening the public with a

eof the realmanbehind the bars, urg-

,to be treaued as a human being

E ‘6adds’7

Philadelphia December 11th. 1918

while in prison and the chance for bim to
make an honest living when he is discharged.

The most effective of this class of prison

papers is Good Words, published by inmates
of the Federal prison at Atlanta, Ga. under
the sanction of the Department of Justice.

It has quite a circulation among govern-
ment officials, members of Congress and
senators. It numbers some very brilliant
writers among its staff of contributors and
was once under the editoral direction of
Julian Hawthorne. Another prison paper
was the outgrowth of the base-ball privileges
accorded the inmates for the first time about
five years ago. Naturally, both players and

fans wanted to see their favorite teams ex-

ploited in type and the base-ball journal was
the result. Within the last few years, how-
ever, the policy of this has been changed.

At present it is attempting the moral up-
lift of the inmates through carefully pre-
pared matter, in which is concealed the les-
son intended to be conveyed——very much
for the same reason that children are given
their castor oil in capsules. This paper is
very proud of its distinction of being the
only prison publication carrying a column of
in which local manufacturers exploit
the merits of the many novelties they are
making and offering for sale.

The Better Citizen, published in the New
Jersey reformatory, is another one of these
publications doing good work. As its readers
are mostly boys and young men with a crav-
ing for true stories of adventure, interesting
material is supplied in unlimited quantities
by graduates of the institution,  who relate
the stories of their early struggles and final
successes, appealing strongly to theirreaders
and undoubtedly doing them good. It is a
singular streak in the make-up of these men
. that, no matter how depraved their tastesin
almost every other direction, they invariably
lean to that class of literature which depicts
virtue as alﬂgggrs triumphant. —

The most remarkable of these pub-
lications, from a mechanical point of view,
is the Mentor, of the Charlestown (Mass.)
State prison. It ‘s a monthly, containing 50
pages of text, which is magnificently en-—
grossed, by hand, of course, and duplicates
obtained by mimeographing. All of the tiles,
head and tail pieces, crnaments, etc., are
the work of prison artists. The whole re-
presents an amount of patient labor not to
be found, or expected, outsi@e of a prison or
monastery

While a censorship is vmuntampd over these
papers, it 1s not so rigid as one  might sup-
pose. The editors have the widest latltude

]

especially in the matter of commenting on

prison conditions, where the subject must
be treated in a general way and criticism
not applied to individuals or to any oneinsti-
tution. The Chaplain of the prison usually
acts as the censor, and in this connection it
is worthy of remark that the prison officials,
as arule, donotattempttocontrol the subject
matter or policy, either by rule or suggestion
but permit the editor to proceed along their
own lines. After experience they learn to
know the extent to which they may go, and
therefore, rarely meet with obJectlons frcm

the censor.

Many of the inmates contrlbute to the col—
ums of the prison papers, spending long
hours in puttmg some story or thought into
presentable shape, and then pruning and
polishing it over and over again, until they
feel satisfied it will meet with the approval
of the editor. Criminals are not different
from the rest of mankind ia the desire to"
see their names attached to some arucle In:
print. A ,
%mgulaxly enough the prison writer runs '1

““poetry’’ and rarely- attempts prose.
As a rule, when he ventures anything,
serious or sentimental he is inclined to “‘gush’’
and the result is often ludicrous. There is
yet another class of men, possessing the
education and ability to write, who refuse to
contribute to the priscn paper, as being
something too trivial on which to waste thelr
talents. :

However, when one considers the ambition
the prison papers inspire in many men to
accomplish the producticn of a really mer-
itorious article and the educaticn and expe-
rience they must gain through the effort,
one cannot help but feel that, after all, the
prison paper has a distinctive and growing
field of usefulness.

to

— Utica Sat. Globe.-_.

Gov.—Elect Sproul appoints the following
members of his Cabinet: William D. Schefier
of Delaware County, is to be the next At-
torney-General; Cyrus E. Woods, present
Secretary of the Commonwealth, will be
offered a second term in that office. Harry
J. McDermot will be Secretary to the

-Governor.

President Wilscn will head the American
delegation to the Peace Conference. The
delegation will consist of the President; Rol -
ert Lansing, Secretary of State; Henry
White, former Ambassador to France, and
Italy; Col. E. N. House; Gen. Tasker H.
Bliss, representative of the American axmy
in the Supreme War Coucil.

