---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_198.jpg
---
THE U'MPIRE

= THE UMPIRE
: :
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All oommunicationl from inmates should be addressed

" The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.

who will see to their delivery.
To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's number

: Philadelphia, December 11th., 1918.
W
THE RECIDIVIST
What to do with the recidivist is the great-

est problem of modern penology. How to
treat the man —or woman- who persists in

. regarding a prison as their natural habitat,
 and the Outside, for which the majority of us

- so hunger, as a summer, or winter resort, to
be visited at irregular periods for a short va-
cation, but which, under no circumstances,
should be used as a permanent place of resi-
dence, under penalty of forever losing caste
with their own peculiar organization, is the
“erying question of the day, and one as diffi-
cult to answer as the riddle of the Sphinx.
Shall they be given another chance, or not?
Shall they be welcomed with open arms;
comfortable quarters practically kept in re-
- serve for them, with a pleasant berth, whose
working hours would make the eight-hour
~day look like the most detestable tyranny, or
shall they be received with disfavor, viewed
with suspicion, and ‘‘given the hook’’ on
every opportunity? We would say, give
them the other chance enjoying the firm be-
- lief in the winning powers of kindness, over
brute force, but it is sentiment warringwith
~ reason, for a cold, and pitiless logic seems to
teach us that the Draconian method is best,
_ and the only thing to do would be to escort
the returning prodigal to the nearest wharf,
attach a ‘‘fifty-six’’ to some convenient por-
tion of his person, line him up with his back
to the river, and then, without benefit of
clergy, push! Thiswould undoubtedly be the
German solution of such a\problem, but for-
tunately for the erring, the German ideahas
gone down in defeat, and the idealism which
says that every man is entitled to his chance
to prove his powers prevails over all the
earth, but whether it is entirely right and
proper for anybody to attempt to prove that
~ a prison is a better and a more desirable
home than a ten-cent lodging-house is beyond
~ our poor ability to determine. Personally
we would prefer the ne plus ultra of gutters,
with freedom, to even such prison as that
we now adorn, but there is no accounting for

~ tastes, as some one with a latent sense of

: humor once remarked, and there are those
who think other-wise.

It seems incredible that such a life should

_ be the result of deliberate choice but the

facts in a number of cases with which we
are familiar would seem to point that way,
and for such, we have but one suggested
course of treatment; internment, a segre-
gated zone, with freedom to work, only; and
the curtailment of all privileges to the mini-
mum, for it is just such as they who make

difficult the pathway of the honestly inclined,

and that the thing is infectious is clearly
proven. The recidivist should be treated as
one suffering from an incurable and infectious
disease, one which only the most heroic
methods can cure.
the evidence we still believe it curable. The
man neverlived who was indissolubly wedded
to his folly, and his redemption lies always
in his own hands, tho a really New England
conscience, with which we are sometimes
afflicted, compels us to admit that a little
of the old time religion goes a long way to
aid, and that some sort of unselfish friend,
neither earthly, or otherwise, must be had
for the subject, else is the experiment
doomed to failure at the start, for full many
a tub cannot stand on it’s own bottom, and
needs the saving grace-or-brace of a love,

human, or divine.

Here lies the real solution of the problem,
help unselfishly given, the love of a good
woman; the sincere friendship which gives
all, and asks nothingin return but the know-
ledge of having given a needed service; the
love of God which passeth all understanding,
only one, or all of these can make men of
such as are the subjects of our discourse.

U.S. LABOR CHIEFS HALT
I. W. W. MOVE

Laredo, Tex., Nov.. 15—An attempt by
Mexican delegates to the Pan-American labor
conference to have adopted a resolution aim-
ing at the release from prison of Industrial
Workers of the World, today brought forth
an attack on that ogranization by American
labor leaders who defeated the scheme by
amending the resolution.

The opposition to the Mexican resolution
was led by Charles H. Moyer, who, as presi-
dent of the Western Federation of Miners,
several years ago had associated with him as
secretary of that organization, William D.
Haywood, now secretary and treasurer of
the I. W. W. who is serving sentence under
the espionage act.

Samuel Gompers, after the resolution had

been introduced, drew out the fact it was in-

tended to aid imprisoned Industrial Work-
ers of the World, and at once the ezecutive
council of the American Federation of Labor
attacked the movement, which was warmly
defended by some of the Mexican delegates.

Moyer, now president of the Mine, Mill
and Smeiter Workers, previously had taken
no part in the conference proceedings. He

For in the face of all

RELIGIOUS SERVICES
Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Priéorxj

Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays each month
2B M :

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. :

arose to answer a statement by a Mexican

delegate that the I. W. W. had convinced
many Mexican workmen that the American
Federation of Labor fought the Haywood
organization merely because the two organ-
izations were seeking the same end by dlf— 3
ferent means. ;

‘‘My name is Moyer, ’’he said, “Rememb_er
that name and go back to Mexico and tell
them what I say. Twelve years ago, Moyer,
Haywood and Pettibone were on trial for
their lives, and although we were not affi-
liated with the American Federation of Laber,
that organization contributed the funds
which enabled us to prove our innocence and
saved our lives.

“‘Pettibone died, and on his death-bed he
gave thanks to the American Federation of
Labor for the help it had given him. Moyer
lived and served and has tried to be true to
the organization to which he owes his life.
He is now paying part of the debt he owes

them. Haywood was false; he started atonce
an organization to undermine his benefactors

and to injure his country. I warn you to go
back to Mexico and tell the miners that you
have learned from Moyer to look and be
careful, and when you find a man repre-
senting the I. W. W., to know he is there,
not to organize you to better your con-
ditions, but he is doing there what he istry-
ing to do in the United States, to organize
you to destroy you,’”’ ' ;

William Tyler Page has given us' this.
‘“The American Creed.,”” I believe in the
United States of America as a Government
of the people; by the people, for the people;
whose just powers are derived from the con-
sent of the governed; a democracy in a re-
public; a sovereign nation of many sovereign
states; a perfect union, one and inseperable,
established upon those principles of Free-
dom, Equality, Justice, and Humanity of
which the American Patriots sacrificed their
lives and fortunes. I therefore believe it

my duty to my country to love it; to support
its Constitution; to obey its Laws;torespect
its Flag; and todefend it againstall enemies.

