---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_200.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES
- At the Delegate Meeting of Dec, 3d, the
following were admitted to membership in
the Club: B 9397; 8314; 8136; 9406; 9416;9394;
- 9409; 9407; 9410; 9403; 9412; 9395; 9415; 9413;
19385 9404; 9386; 9417; re-instatements:B 8259;
8447; 6797; 5468; 9125. The Report of the
Treasurer showed a balance of $227.36 in the
Treasury. B 5336, Sergeant-at-Arms, was
‘tendered a vote of thanks for his efficient
services, he leaving the following day, on
parole. B 9019, and B 8989 newly appointed
Delegates for the 10th and 12-2d, were in-
troduced to the Board by the Chairman®and
‘given a rising vote of welcome, responding
~ appropriately. - Receipts of the week were:
from Circulating Library, $9.50; from Do-
nations, $1.10; from Sales thru Mr. Dipple,
$33.25. Mr. Kraupa, Humidor, $3.00. Ex-
penditures; Thrift Stamps, $1.00; Loan to

B 5847, $5.00; to War Chest, $10.00; Loan to_

B 5336, $10.00; B 7784, inlaid Smoklng Table,
$30 00; extra copy, The Crisis, one year,
- $1.00; expressage, 46c. B 6449, Tray, $3.50;
B 91562, Humidor, $5.00; B7199, re-fund, $1.00;
B 6168, Loan, $5.00; B 8593, 3 trays, $9.00;
Mr. Ryan, Optieian, for repairing eye-glass-
_es for member, $2.00; B 8436, 3 Ladies Hand-
bags, $15.00; B 7095, 6 pr. Slippers, $4.00;
- B 7021, 1 doz. Pincushion shoes, $7.80;
B 6567, 1 pr. Slippers, $1.00; B 5449, 2 pr.
- Slippers, $1.00; B 6343, 3 pr. Slippers, etec.

~ $3.00; B 5165, 25 Necklaces, $9.85; B 8203; 1

: Tray, $3.00; B 7737, 4 sets toy Furniture,
- $2.50; 2 Medicine Balls, $9.00 for Xmas gift,
- $10. 00

The members of the 1st. Section were justly
- pleased with the Entertainment provided for
~ them thru the joint efforts of Miss Russell,
_and Mr. Kraupa, who have so accurately
~ judged the tastes of the great majority of
~ our members, and act accordingly. It was

~a Superlative Show, fromPictures to Speech-

‘es, of which we had several, including Miss

- Russell’s remarks on Pills, and Mistaken
Identity, Mr. Kraupa’s on the Kiddie’s Xmas
" Fund; and His Excellency, the President’s
~ on the need for remaining seated at the per-
: formance s close. The Cavaliere Toni, and
_his Orchestra Elite, furnished the sweetest
“of music to gladden the short period of wait-
_ing; while a particulary pleasant suprise was
~ the appearance of Miss Angellotti, as Pian-
ist, after a long absence.
- The Picture of the afternooon, was ““The
«‘is?Boss of the ‘Lazy Y.’ a tale of the great
~ West, and for an hour or more the satisfied
- audience, free of all resiraint of bars, were
free of * the open spaces, and rode, and
- fought, and made heroic love, with the
- dashing hero. During a pausé in the En_
 tertainment, Mr. Kraupa, made the an-
nouncement, that Mr. Garrick, of the Uni-
- versal Company, was present, and had been
moved to offer the famous feature film, “The

" THEUMPIRE

Kéiser, the Beast of Berlin’’ for preseﬁtafion

on the coming Saturday. We are very much
in debt to Mr. Garrick for this most gener-
_ous action.

The Vaudeville Bill was openeo by Mr
Bert Stanley attacking the audience with a
rapid-fire of jokes which “‘got over’’ very
successfuly, indeed. Mr. George Wagner,
who had journeyed all the way from . Wash-
ington, that he might be present to assist
in our entertainment, followed, in a comedy
act, which eaisly captured the favor of the
audience. Bessie & Al Kaufman, presented
a little sketch, he as a stage-door keeper,
the lady as a supposedly innocent country
maiden, which had a totaly unexpected end-
ing, and was much liked by the audience.

Lesble & Reese, succeeded; in more than
sense, in a dancing act which was very
greatly appreciated. Emily & Ray, juvenile
singers and dancers, made the hit of the
afternoon, and merited the abundant applause
they received. Master Ray’s singing of
“Dear Old Mother of Mine’> won him ‘an
ovation from his hearers. Miss Selma Cor-

bett, to whom we tender the most abject

apologies for having wished upon her the
name of Carvel, in our last week’s issue,
was again with us, and made as greata
success as before, with her role of the old
black ‘““Mammy’’. A juvenile act presented
by the Misses, Schewer, Baker,
closed the Bill, and was an artistic trivrph;
little Miss Schewer’s exhibition of toe-
dancing promises a brilliant future for that
young lady, and we have hopes of seeing her
at the Opera at-no distant day, while her
colleagues were equally good in their re-
spective lines. Mr, Kraupa closed the day’s
Entertainment with the presentation of a
farce, ‘“His Sudden Rival’’ which was a
very happy ending to a ‘‘perfect day’’
B 8266 Secretary.

CROPS IN GERMANY
HUGE, EXPERT SAYS
London, Nov. 25.—The Cologne Gazette of
November 16 published an article under the
heading, ‘‘Armistice and the Food Supply,’’
written by a upemahst Herr Oetelshofen,
who argued that there could be no question

-of a shortage of food in Germany, but that

it was urgently necessary to reduce rations.

The writer maintained that Germany could
deal with the transport problem by re-ad-
justments, reducing the transport of pota-
toes and vegetables and confining the tran-
sport faclities to foods of greater nutritive
value in proportion te their bulk. He ad-
vocated the killing of pigs in particular, the
abolition of the rationing of sugar and the
restriction of railway consignments to dis-
tances of more than150 miles to consignments
of corn, sugar, live cattle, meat, fats, poul-
try,eggs and cheese. =

Dealing with the harvest. Herr Oetels-
hofen estimated the bread-corn harvest a-
part from barley and oats; at not less than
12,000,000 tons and the potato barvest at
about 47,500 000 tons:

tion, B 6533, 7th. Gal.

and Crane.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUr

Notice for advertlsements must come through yo
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE offi
when adverhsed goods are sold wxll be denied future use
of “Ad" column ~

FOR SALE Clothes-brushes, ha1r brushes B,
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to :
T ‘) o

$5.00. B 1381, 7th Block

ELECTRIC TREATMEN T—For all the var-
ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand-
ruff ete. High-Frequency and Violet Ray
treatments for facial defects of any descrip-

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.
B 9177, 1st Block.

FOR SALE One stocking machine and
ribber 140 needle machines brand new will S
sell cheap B 7965 7 Block i
PATRIOTIC— Watch fobs of beads for sale, b
B 7599, 4th Block.

Will sell cheap.

FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes B 7362, 6 B

FOR bALE 150 American bead flags, and 3'
pairs of slippers. B 6343 12 B 2d Gallery.

FOR SALE—Pin cushion shoes, price 75 cents- :
a pair, B 9215 6 Block. ;
BIRDS FOR SALE—Fme singers and good
colors. Going out soon. B 7507 3rd B. Al

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts,
Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools; Flag
Pins, Shields Humidors, and trays. B 8028,
1st Bloek. %

LISTEN—Your razor put in first class con-
dition. Razors honed, ground full, hollow,
or half concave. I specialize in this line B
7452, 8th, Block. \

All kinds of pohshmg done, Inlaid Boxes
Tables, ‘ete. reasonable. 9005, Tth Gallery.

Birds For Sale—male and female also cages
B 9070 7th Block.
TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.7‘5 per’
dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00
B 3079, 1st Block.

CLOCKS WATCHEQ—Repalred bought
and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery. i
TYPEWRITING—Personal and _ business
letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, alsd’_
corrected at reaqonable rates.
Block. o A
EXPERT BEAD WORKERS WANTED—
Also Hardware, Locks, Hinges, etc. ior sale
B 9152, 11th. Block.

FOR SALE—Jumping Jacks, 0. 35 cents each ~

‘B 3847, 7 Block.

FOR SALE——InIaid boxes, also trays in Wa’
nut oak. Prices reasonable. B 6523 7 Block.

NOTICE

Inmates who have previous experience in
printing establishments and who have yet two
years or more to do and who would like to
follow up this trade, may send in their numbers
to the Chaplain. ‘

B-8993, 10th

