---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_201.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

~ “Go where the stockings hang empty,

~ Where Christmas is naught butaname

- And give—for the love of the Christ—child;
““T'was to seek such asthesethathe came.’”’

'So you men, who have the money to give,
let not the little children go without their
Christmas toys this year. If itis withinyour

eans to be a Santa Claus for a little boy or

, whose father is in here and who isunable
elf to make his child glad, and you with-

it for selfish reasons then youdo a great
istice to the memory of your own child-
ood. Let us not forget the children for
m the day of Christmas is primarily in-
ed. The shadow of these prison walls

wust not fall upon their happiness of the day. .

I‘he little ones we left behind are innocent
our wrong-doing; many of them do not
know where their father is; mother tries her
best to hide it from them, and as long as
they get their toys and joys on Christmas
orn our disgrace may yet be hidden from
em, and prevent the marring of their fu-

e life. You who have no child of your

n, you should feel doubly glad to be able to-

elp your fellow man whois here in the same
boat as yourself. It is a wonderful inspira-
tion to mankind this Christmastide, the
pirit of good-will towards all seems to over-
ake us and fill us with a craving to make
meone else glad. Itis the spirit of the
le child born in the manger of Bethlehem

4 fills us. So let us remember the little

dies, whose fatherisaway. Letus stretch
th and help her who is left behind with
little ones. Let us make the day glad-
som and full and happily tired for them.
r such, I}e asked, should come to him.

The Committe on the Kiddies Xmas Fund
shes to extend to each and every Inmate.
our, out-side Friends sincere thanks for
ir kind Donations to the Fund. - The
al amount by section No. 1. and No. 2.
December was $100.05;(Dollars) Includ-
the Ladies on the 2nd. Block. Collect-
 which was taken up in March to the fund
ing s, $103.76; mak-

Again we wish to thank you one
; r the noble cause in which you have
anded in making so many little hearts
‘ May God reward you one and all,

nd to you all, our best wishes.
A 8432. Vice President.

+as low as possible.

i 3

Philadelphia December 18th. 1918

WHY “BILL” CAME BACK

Well by heck, why there is Bill,

Thought he went for good and all;
Just went out the other morning,

Said he never more would fall.
Went around with face all beaming,
Saying, ‘“Well no more for me;
I m done with all this trouble,
Nothing in it I can sece.’’
Now he’s back, the same old story,
‘‘Sponsor gave me too much work;
Fellow took me out of prison,
And he made me showel dirt.
Then he made me hit the wood-pile,
Milk the cows and feed the horse,
Run the churn and mind the baby,
Around the stable do the chores,
Throw.down hay and cut up fodder,
Feed the pigs and chickens too,
Pick up stones and mow the meadow,
Then wash dishes for Miss Sue.

‘Well, by gum, I just got crazy,

~ Took a sneak the second day;
Went to town and got a hummer,
Skipped without a cent of pay.
Now I’m back butno more farming;
Days may come and days may go;
I would rather stay in prison,
Eat pot- pxe than work a hoe.’
Splder ;
IRONY OF FATE \
Thousands of peasants and princeshave in
the reign of the mighty Czar of Russiabeen
sent to the awful mines and the wilds of
Siberia, and there toiled away their existence
in misery and sadness. What abalm to their
wronged and aching hearts must it not have

been to see this mighty Czar delivered over

to them in chains, dethroned and humiliated,
giving them their liberty, and the gratifi-
cation to hear the shot. that ended for all
time the autocracy in their home-land.

A WORD TO THE WISE

It is suggested to the men-who have nov-
elties for sale, that they price their wares
Several criticisms have
been heard in regard to the absurdly high
valuation placed upon some articles manu-
factured by them, and sales have been lost
in consequence. Remember, itis ‘‘demand’’
which regulates the values, ard be pre-
pared to meet it, rather than hold your
Btack = 4 o
Tilda; Pass the *‘lasses.”’ »

Lizzie (who has attended scheol); Don’t
say ‘“’lasses.’’ Say molasses.

Tilda: Hew come I say mo’ ’lasses when

I ain’t had none yet?

Ed

THE PRISON LAWYER
The prison-lawyer is as much in evidenc

_in penal institutions to-day, as the sea-l:

yer was in the merchant marine fifty years
ago. While the latter spouted maritime la
in an endless stream to his eager listene
the former zealously inflicts his knowledge,
or rather lack of knowledge upon his ¢
dulous companions in the Jails. :

' The prison-lawyer is rampant w1t in

‘these walls, as he is within the walls ofl'

similar institutions. If you care to listen
him and then forget all he says, it may
least afford you entertainment for awhi
but if you take him seriously, it is sure to
be at the cost of your peace of mind, ther
fore, don’t do it. The prison-lawyer does

_ cite authorities when rendering opinion
“but instead,

calls to mind cases in which he
has often figured as a principal, or the cases
of others whom he may have known, or
others who were known to someone he knew;
and so on. As a hanger-on of criminal trlal ;
and an omniverous reader of criminal news,
coupled with a retentive memory, he has
accquired a vocabulary of high-soundi:
legal terms which he uses convincingly i

- explaining any point of law which may aris

Within the short space of five minutes he
can hear and pass judgement on a case which
would require the Supreme Court Justices
many weary Months of research, for no
question of law is too 1ntrlcate for the pr1son-
lawyer.

TWO SOCIALISTS

According to the papersour one-time frlend
Mr. Kerensky will eat his Christmas dinn
in the Winter Palace in Petrograd, where h
for the last couple of months has made him

self quite at home,- sleeping in the Cza

bed, bathing in his massive gecld bath-tu
wearing Imperial crown monogramed smo
ing jackets, and ‘‘dreaming’ away his idls
hours in the throne chair. :

that man is vane by nature and that his ‘an
tagonism to capital is based on the samelcg:
ic that compelled the fox to leave the grape ]
alone. -
: mow

That fellow was an impudent frau
did he manage to w heeale money
you?7?

Oh, John, he told me such a sad. pltlf;
tale about his poor wife, who was a w1d0 v
with six little children!””

out'

