---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_202.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

: Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
- ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.
All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer.
* who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

- writer’s number

Philadelphia, December 18th., 1918.
W
THE SPIRIT IN WHICH WE WORK :

It ought not to be necessary to ask a
man if he likes his work, his face should tell
that. His very bouyancy and pride in his
- task; his spirit of unbounded enthusiasm and
- zest ought to show it. He ought to be so in
love with his work that he finds his greatest
delight in it; and this inward joy should light
up his whole being.— A test of the quality
of the individual is the spiritin which he does
his work. If he goes.to it grudgingly like
a slave under the lash, if he feels the
drudgery in it; if his enthusiasm and love for
: it does not liftit out of commoness and make
‘it a delight instead of a bore, he will never
- make a very great place for himself in the

~ world.
; The man who feels his life- yoke galling
"~ him; who does notunderstand why the bread.

.~ and-butter question could not have been

- solved by one great creative act, instead of

every mans being obliged to wrench every-

thing he gets fromnature through hard work;

= the man who does not see a beneficent design

~  and a superb necessity in the principlesthat

every one should earn his own living— has

gotten a wrong view of life, and will never

get the splendid results out of his vocation
that were intended for him.—

Multitudes of people do not half respect
their work. They look upon it as a disa-
greeable necessity for providing bread and
butter, clothing and shelter,— an unavoidable
drudgery, instead of as a great man builder,

‘a great life university for the development
of manhood and womanhood.— They do not
_ see the divinity in the spur of necessity
which eompels man to develope the best
thing in him; to unfold his possibilities by his
- struggle to obtain his ambition, to conquer
~ the enemies of his prosperity and his happi-
ness.— They cannotsee the curse in the
unearned dollar, which takes the spur out
- of the motive.
: Work to them is shear drudgery— an un-
- mitigated evil. They cannot understand why
the Creator did not put bread, ready-made
on trees. They donotsee thestamina, the grit,
- the nobility, and the manhood in being forced
to conquer what they get.— No one can

THE UMPIRE

make a real success of his life when he is al
the time grumbling or apologizing for what
he is doing. It is a confession of weakness.

So when we in here have paid the price
demanded for the wrongs we once committed
and we go out for another try, let us be
wise in choosing our occupation, let us put
the right spirit into our work, let us treat
it as if it was a call from principle. If the
thing itself be not important, the spirit in

"which we take hold of it makes all the dif-

ference in the world tous. It can make or
mar the man. -

We cannot afford to form a habit of half
doing things, or of doing them in the spirit
of a drudge, for this will drag its slimy
trail through all our subsequent career, al-
ways humiliating us at the most unexpected
time.

Let other people do the poor jobs,
botched work, if they will. Let us keep our
standards up, our ideal high, for the attitude
with which we approach our task has every-
thing to do with the quality and efficiency
of our work, and with its influence upon our
character. What a man does is part of him-
self, it is the expressions of what he stands
for. Our life-work is an out-picturing of our
ambition, our ideals and our real selves.

If we see a man’s work we also seethe
man.

REFLECTIONS

It is interesting to know just what we
might have accomplished had we been given
an opportunity to go to the front during the
war. Prison inmates are more or less di-
vided into three classes the world over,
namely: Good—Bad—and Indifferent, but no
matter to which class a man may allie him-

-self when the call to show his patriotism

comes he forgets all else, all that has caused
him to be mean, selfish and undesirable van-
ishes and in its place abounds a desire to
atone for the mistakes of the past. Just
allow that little spark of patriotism to ignite
and soon it hecomes a raging flame that
quickly burns its way to a placeon the worlds
Roll of Honor. To those who were given
the chance to fight the Hun, comes story
after story of heroic deeds. It is not the
purpose of the writer to dwell upon what
prisoners have done at the battle front but

to show the remarkable decrease in crime in

England where prisoners were liberated and
given a chance 1o make good. Quoting from
a report of the prison commissioners of Eng-
land and Wales we learn that in 138 prisons
the following decreases occured in the prison
population.

Daily average 1914 1918
Convict prisons 2704 - 1393
Local prisons 14352 7335
Detention 171 70
Reformatories 81 43

The report states that in 1903 one person
[

the -

RELIGIOUS SERVICES =

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Fpiscopal services for men, Eastern Pen-
itentiary. 8rd Thursday each month, 9.30
A. M., 1st & 3rd Thursdays. each month
2 P.M. ‘ %

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at

the band-room.
w

out of every 175 in the communlty was or
had been in prison, in 1913 the number had
fallen to one in every 271, and since the war
started- it had dropped to one- in 1127. The
great decrease during the war is attributed
chiefly to the call on the manhood of the
nation, and the diversion of many persons
from idle and unprofitable lives, with end-
less opportunities for crime, to find useful
employment while in many cases intense
patriotism had led persons not only to abstain
from evil themselves, but to do good work by
their example and encouragement to others.
Twenty years ago there were 20,000 youtbs
between 16 and 21 in prison annually and
now there are only 4000 while owing to the
efforts of the after-care societies between 70
and 80 per cent have been saved from a life
of crime. &

Is this not a boost in favor of giving the :
prisoner a chance. Many former Inmates of
prisons have made good in every sense of the
word. By acts of heroism, self sacrifice and
gallantry.— Not a few have been advanced
in the service and many have been decorated
with the cross of honor.— -

BT
i eind

",‘."

Yo e

THE CoUPON FIEND i
The doctor says I must quit smoking,’’ an-
ﬁounr'ed John. ‘‘One lung is affected al-
ready.’ ;3
““Oh, John’’—his loved one hung upon the
awful possibility—‘‘can’t you hold out till we ;
get enough coupons for that dining room —g‘ .
rug?’’ ;
No HURRY
The telephone bell rang with anxious per-
sistence. The doctor answered the cal
““Yes?’’ he said. < :
*Oh, doctor,’’ said a worried voice, “some-
thing has happened to my wife. Her mouth =
seems set and she can’t say a Word &
““Why, she may have lockjaw,’’ said th
medical man.
“Do you think so? Well if you are up
this way some time next week, I wish you
Would step in and see what you can do for
her.’

