---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_203.jpg
---
" LET US SETTLE IT FOR YOU.

One often hears in our yards -groups of 2

- men passing their judgement on the age of
- this institution, the length of the walls, their
 height, depths and thickness ete. and also

~ whether the property is leased or owned by

- the state and many other interesting local °

: problems In these groups one generally

fiads onz fellow who ‘‘knows,’’” but before

/_the others have given in to him quite an argu-

ment has taken place. Please allow usthere-

fore to settle it for you. This institution

was opzned in 1829 and is therefore about 90

- years old and covers an area of 10 acres of

~ ground.

~and 35 feet high, 12" feet thick at the base,

and 23 feet in thickness at the top. .The

- wall facing Fairmont avenue is 670 feet in

length, the great gate-way is 27 feet high

- and 15 feet wide, and the airspace enwalled

by the halls and cells is over 10,000,000 cubic

. feet. The property is owned by the State

of Pennsylvania. We wager that the fellow
‘who ‘‘knew’’ lost. :

- WILLIAM PENN IN BRONZE

The walls around it are of granite:

THE UMPIRE
THE BIRDS.

(Composed While Listening to Birds,

Singing on the Walls of Sing Sing.

New York.)

Tune: ‘“Ye Banks and Braes,’’ Repeat
Last Two Lines.

Ye warbling birds above our walls,

How can ye sing such melody?

How can ye chant so merrily,

And we sigh here for Liberty?

For what, for whom, oh do ye sing?

Do ye to us a message bring?

" ““We bring to thee,’’ the birds reply,
‘‘The music of the earth and sky,

Of cozy nest and feathery wife,

Fledglings bright, who know no strife,

Of laughing flowers and smiling trees,

Of sun, and scent, and balmy breeze.’’
‘““We rise; in praise, to greet the sun,

For what the breath of God hath done,

We sing, because sing we must,

To show our joy, our love, our trust,

Of Him who breathed into the air,

The signs of His Eternal care.’’

The captive souls bowed low their
heads,

" As if the music bade them pray,

It might interest the readers to hear of
~the dimensions of the magnificent bronze
figure of William Penn that adorns the pin-
nacle of our City Hall, the work of a Phila-
‘delphia mechanic.

It is 87 feet high and Welghs 52, OOO pounds.
It was cast in 47 pieces and so skillfully
~ joined that the most careful inspection fails
~ to detect the juncture. The following are
~ the dimensions of the different elements of

the statue. Hat 3 feet in diameter, Rim 23
~ feet in circumference, Nose 13 inches long.

Byes 12 inches long and 4 inches wide.

Mouth from corner to cornér 1 foot.
 Face from hat to chin 8 feet. "Hair 4 feet
long. Shoulders 28 feet in circumference

and 15 feet in diameter. Waist 24 feet in
~ circumference and 8 feet in diameter.

" Buttons on his coat 6 inches in diameter.
- Hands 6 feet in circumference and 3 feet
in diameter and 4 feet long. Fingers 2 feet,
- 6 inches long. Finger nails 3 inches long.
~ Legs from ankle to knee 10 feet. Ankle

5 feet in circumference. Calf of legs 8 feet

_ in circumference, and 5 feet long.
== Painters and decorators have been at work
_ in our hospital wards for the last couple of
‘weeks or more, and took away their pots and
stages today. The patients who have been
temporarily cared for in the Emergency hos-
al have returned toa most clean and healthy
looking abode, the wallsand ceilings of which

4have been so wisely blended in colors that -

'.thny give to the bedridden unfortunates a
most cheerful aspect, and must undoubtedly
e another of Dr. Hassel’s secrets in pre-
sev ser ‘g so commendably the health of the

‘‘Had we but lived above the earth,
And praised our Maker w1th our
breath,
And learned the song of gratitude,
We’d ne’er been hereo’er crime to
brood. ”’ :
' —A. M. Nicol.

ALCOHOL THE CHIEF CAUSE OF CRIME

Liquor was responsible during 1916 for
the greatest crime wave in the history of
Harrisburg Pa.; according to the report of
the Superintendent of Detectives, William
L. Windsor. The arrests 3,857, nearly 1,000
more than in 1915. Nearly every one of the
men and women arrested were either drunk
or to some degree under the influence of
aleohol. _

A perfectmodel of our institution 3x3feet,
made by a convict in here, and which was
sent to the Panama Exhibition at San Diego
Cal a couple of years ago was returned to
this institution.a short while ago with an

“‘Honorable Mention’’ attached, and is now -

placed in our library.

The builder is now on parole, and we hope
that this bit of news, if it ever comes his
way, will not arouse his vanity and curicsity,
and cause him to come back merely to see
once more his beloved model.

DOUBTFUL

An old negro woman, standing by the grave
of her husband, shook her head and said
mournfully : ““‘Poor’’ Rastus! I hope he’s
gone where T ’spec he ain’t.”’

2

by this little songster’s warbling calls.

-bird by a Georgia paper.

_turned to his post.

A TOMBS ANGEL

There is a little canary bird living on the
I2th block and belonging to B 7687 that has
drawn to himself more admirers than any
bird we have ever heard of in here.
sweet notes he pours forth all day long al-
most compels attention and hardly a one
passes down the block without being drawn
And
he is almost human, claims his owner, and

‘what we have seen and heard of him he

equals almost the canary spoken of in the
fellowing little incident: :
A very pretty incident is related of a canary
The door of the
bird’s cage was occasionally left open that
he might enjoy the freedom of the room.
One day he happened to light upon theman-
tle-shelf, whereupon was a mirror. Here
was a new discovery of the most profound in-
terest, , He gazed long and curiously at him-

‘self, and came to the conclusion that he had

found a mate. Going back to hiscage, he
selected a seed from its box, and brought it

in his bill as an offering to the stranger. In
vain the canary exerted himself to make his
new-found friend partake, and becoming
weary of that tried another tack. Stepping
back a few inches from the glass, he poured
forth his sweetest notes, pausing now and
then for a reply. None came, and moody

anddisgusted he flewback to his perch, hang-
ing his head in shameful silence for the rest
of the day; and, although the door was re-
peatedly left open, he refused to come out :
again. '

HALF A POINT WRONG

A gentleman crossing the English Channel 7
stood near the helmsman.

It was a calm and pleasant evening ard no s

one dreamed of a possible danger to their
good ship, but the sudden flapping of a sail
as if the wind shifted, caught the eaxr of the
officer on watch, and he sprang at onece to
the wheel examining closely the compass.
““You are a half a peint off your
he said sharply to the man at the wheel: the
deviation was corrected and the officer re-
¢“You must steer very accurately,’”’ said
the looker-on, ‘‘when only half a point is so
much thought of.”’
““Oh! half a point in many pla(€q rrlght
bring us directly on a rO(,I\, 2o =Said :
So it is in life. Haif a point from striet =
truthfulness stands us upon the rocks of a
falsehood. Half apoint from perfect honesty
and we are steering for the rocks of crime.
And so of kindred vices. The beginnings
are always small. —Ex. ' :

First Subway Director: We may have to pre-
vide more seats. : o
Second Ditto: Nonsensge! Simply have the

“‘Star Spangled Banner’’ playec on all cars.

The

coursel’” =
