---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_205.jpg
---
PR TR R WL

t last the day has arrived. The day of good cheer. The Merry
Christmas day. Expectancy has been upon its tip toes for

 weeks. The question on many lips, what will I get, has been ans-

wered. To some disappointment, to others satisfaction. ‘‘Just
~ what I wanted!”’
Bundles have been unpacked. Packages have been opened. The

~ mysterious has been revealed. The eyes of both young .and old
v glistens. Santa Claus bestows upon many the presents incident to
@ the occasion. : . .
X  That little child coming down the stairs in the ear}y morning,
in his nighty, ‘‘couldn’t wait until dressed,’” its first glimpse of the
. Christmas tree, loaded with its tinsel and glass ornaments, the
 many gifts all arranged in order at the basg of the tree, from dear
old Santa, ‘“‘everything T wanted,”” the vision of the Yuletide at
i .once. Doesn’t take much to satisfy a child; to cause a sun_beam. to
 illuminate its little face. Gifts from papa, mama gnd all the family.
It’s blessed toreceive. It’s more blessed to give. :
"~ Jesus was right. What’s it all about anyhow? The smiles, the
fﬁgood cheer, the sunshine, the gifts?—Ah! Jesgs was born today.
,)ﬁAH Heaven was searched. An angel wouldn’t do. It must be my
'\"‘Son, saith the Father. .
- So Jesus, Gods best and choicest gift was given. The act was
The world caught the idea. Gift giving became the

L2 DA, -
M= '\\.‘
iz S

A MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia December 25th. 1918

@lory Tn God Iu The Highest

Follow The Star As The Wise Men Bid
- Amd It Shall Bring To You
Great Feare OF Mind Exreeding Jny
Amd Good In All You Hn

~ - @hristmaas

By Rev. Thomas Latimer

There’s a song in _the air! ’
There’s a star in the sky!
There’s a mother’s deep prayer,
- And a baby’s low ery!
And the star rains its fire
While the beautiful sing,
For the manger of Bethlehem
Cradles a King—

¥ B 7o RS VAN e A i

order of the years, and so we havé Christmas, a day of giving.
The wise men gave their gold, frankincense and myrrh. Wise
m2an and women too, are still giving, and will until time is no more.
How about your gift?—At liberty—out of work, rent due, sick-
ness at home. No Christmas for me. Oh! yes there is. In prison, no
money, no chance to make a present, to give something. Oh, yes
there is. What?—Yourself. You make your own Christmas pre-
sent today. Jesus was given,—a gift., Make to Him a present, this
day, now, yourself.—He doesn’t want your little money. He wants
you, your life, your talents, your heart. You can make for your-
self the happiest, the most blessed Christmas of your life. Give to
Him what He came into the world to save,—your soul. Heaven’s
interested. Joy bells will ring. ; A
The angels are attention. Happiness is at your elbow. The
Father’s hand is extended. Come Home. Say ‘‘Merry Christmas’’
from a heart surrendered to Jesus, the great Christmas gift. It’s
your privilege. No ornamented tree on the first Christmas morning.
No stocking hung up. at the fireside. No pretty toys—but an
angel chorus song at His birth. A beautiful star hung in the sky.
Shepherds beheld it and wondered. A stable a poor place to be
born in. Cattle under the same roof, but Heaven overheard. All
Heaven sang that morning, as the greatest gift was given. How"i‘_:
about acceptance? It’s yours, ‘“‘withcut money and without price.’!,\‘

A il
Y AN R T
