---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_206.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

H——-————-————_———————'—————
w

THE UMPIRE

December 25th. 1918

CHRISTMAS

Christmas, what does it mean to you?

What does it mean to me? Does not that
thought intrude, and force its way into in-
nermost recess of ones mind, situated as
you are at present, isolated from the loving
home ties, that in far or near pastawakened
in your heart the anticipation of the glad
and joyful times that were to be.

Do you once again recall with heartlonging
the boyhood days when Christmas was the
greatest day in the year? And good reason
you had to look forward to thisday, for then
did dear old Dad and loving Mother make
your innocent heart leap for joy as you re-
ceived gifts from their loving hands.

Maybe they had to deny and sacrifice much
that your joy might be great, never-the-less
when your little eyes were filled with wonder
and your tender heart rejoiced, they felt
more than repaid for any sacrifice.

Now that you have older grown how have
you shown appreciation for the loving kind-
ness of your loving parents. Have you
struggled along life’s pathway horestly and
earnestly trying to mould your future so
that some day your loved ones might point
to you with honor andprideand say ‘‘That’s
my Boy; he has proved himself worthy and
the world respects him.”’

Or has it been otherwise with you fellow
inmate. Have you lived a life of sin, have
you deceived and cheated and weaved a web
about yourself that has finally enmeshed you
and brought shame, dishonor and sorrow,
not only to yourself but also to those who
loved you most dearly. :

You know full well the path you have trod.

You know only too well why your Christ-
mag, will not bring the cheer and comfort
that comes to the honest upright cleanliving
fellow.

Is it not a good time to reflect and find the
source of your present misery. ~ There is yet
time to beat back on to the narrow lane
that is straight and that leads to Home sweet
Home. Time there is yet to adjust your
self so that some day your Christmas may
be all that it should be not only to your self
but to those whose hearts are filled with sor-
row because, the erring boy is not at home.

Time enough yet to make Mother glad, to
make Father proud and win the respect and
esteem of all who know you.

Take it unto your self to profit by the
mistakes you have made in the past. Make
this Christmas a memorable one by starting
to live, and lead a life right here, that will
fashion and shape your future so that you
may fearlessly re-enter the world and make
good: using the dear old Chaplain’s words:

Will you do it?

Gon Mt BHaue Loved The Common
Heople—He Made So Many OF
Them.

Abraham Lincenln

THE HEART OF AN IRISH LAD

The minstrel boy to the war has gone,
In the ranks of death you’ll find him;
His father’s sword he has girded on,
And his wild harp slung behind him.
“‘Land of Song’’ said the warrior bard,
““Though all the world betrays thee;
One word, at least, thy rights shall guard,
One faithful harp shall praise thee.’’

The minstrel fell, but the foeman’s chains
Could not bring his proud soul under;

The harp he loved ne’er spoke again,
For he tore its chords asunder;

And said! ‘“No chains shall sully thee,
Thou soul of love and bravery!

Thy songs were made for the pure and free,
They shall never sound in slavery!”’

Merry Christmas
MWishes

Arp herehy extended to the
Bnard nf Juspertors  aud
nfficers nf  the Justitution
who  hawe  mintstered  in
munberless  wags tno s
Muring the passing year.

h, do not pray for easy lives!

(IDPray to be stronger men!

Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers,
Pray for powers equal to your tasks!

Then the doing of your work shall be no
miracle,

But you shall be the miracle.
Every day you shall wonder at yourself,

At the richness of life which has come
you by the Grace of God.

in
Phillips Brooks

The beautiful picture of Christmastide,
drawn by our friend Rev. Thomas Latimer,
which we present, reminds us of our duty
towards the many who in the passing year
have so faithfully labored for our welfare.

May it long live in our hearts, and lead us
to accept to the full its interpretation of a
Christmas Day.

We wish to all a Blessed Ch}istmas,und
Better New Year. -

Eastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia Pa,

GIVING

Nineteen hundred years ago when the
wise men made their pilgrimage toward the
star in the East which was to guide them to
the birth place of their future King, they did
not think that their journey would have
been complete without taking with them
some token of their love and adoration and
so they took gold, frankincense and myrrh as
the most valuable gifts to the one adored-:

All down the centuries to this time it has
become a universal custom that giving marks
the attitude of human affections at Christ-
mas time, and the spirit of love dominates the
human heart.

The man in prison is impelled by that
same spirit of love to make some sacrifice,
even though ever so slight, for the dear ones
from whom he is separated by prison walls,
and though outside the walls the merry shop-
pers are busy purchasing the many giftsthey
wish to bestow, the prisoner is busy at work
on some simple token which he can make
with his own hands and which will- show to
his loved ones that he has the Christmas
spiritin his heart and that his heart is not
dead to the finer things in life.

There is in the hearts of all men admir-
ation for unselfish and heroic qualities in
others, going to show that in themselves are
remnants of the same good characteristics.

Very few men are totally without friends,
and itis that friend’s faithin him that inspires
in him the desire to live up to that faith.

It has always been true that the one who
gives a gift is made happy by doing so and
because he wants to make some one else
happy he himself has been made happy.

The widow’s mite brought more happiness to
her out of her poverty than millions can bring
to the man of wealth who founds a university.

So it follows that the spirit of giving may
only have a pleasent word or smile, yet it
has its reward.

God gives us joy that we may give.
He gives uslove that we may share.
Sometimes he gives us loads to lift.
That we may learn to bear.

For life is gladder when we give.

And love is sweeter when we share.
Anc heavy loads rest lightly too.

When we have learned to bear.

Oh let us all when we comence,
To slander friend or foe,

Think of the harm one word may do,
To those we little know.

Remember curses sometimes like,
Our chickens must ‘‘roost at home,’’

Don’t speak of other faults until,
We have none of our own-
