---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_207.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

s Christmas Roge

Sammy was so small that it was hard to
realize he was tenyearsold. Hehad beentossed
about all his lonely little life—living down
among the wharves or in alleys. Of father
or mother he had no memory. His only idea
of home care was formed from the attentions
bestowed upon him from time to time by
some motherly souls living in the shanties
on the tide flats or sheltered by the miserable
houseboats built on scows and anchored along
the shoresof the river. He earned a pittance

"as a bootblack, and took care of himself; and
such care! When I first met him he was
leaning against the door of the church listen-
ing to the boys sing. They were at work on
Christmas music, that happy festival being
not far distant. Ihadopened the doorhastily,
and he crouched in the shadow as if he ex-
pected a blow. He was wet and shivering
with cold, and I coaxed him inside to get
warm. Our choir boys were a sensible lot,
and so made the poor lad feel somewhat at
home —although he greatly overawed at first
.by the strange surroundings. From that
night the choir boys took charge of Sammy.
He became an attendant at the Sunday
school, was quite independent since he had
been set up in a good booth and his business
prospered, and tried hard to use decentlang-
guage and keep out of fights. That was the
hardest—to keep out of fights and not lose
his standing with the other boys on the
street; but he managed it somehow. Then
one Sunday he was not in his class, and we
all knew something had happened—some-
thing was wrong. We found him at the
Hospital; he had fallen under a car, and both
his poor little legs were broken,but he had
not lost his _cheerfulness.
¢Hied luck,Sammy,”’ Isaidto him.

““Yep,’’ he replied, “hard luck, but I'd
It

b

ruther have it me legs then me arms.

A CHILD’S FAITH

In the highlands of Scotland there is a
‘mountain-gorge, twenty feet in width and
two hundred feet in depth. Its perpendic-
ular walls are bare of vegetation, save in
their crevices, in which grow numercus wild
fAowers of rare beauty. Desirous of obtain-
ing specimens of these mounfain bgz:utle cF
some scientific touristonce offered a highland
boy a handsome gift if he would consent to
be lowered down the clif by a rope, and
gather a little pbasketful of them. The boy
looked wistfully at the money, for his par-
ents were poor; but when he gazed at the
yawning chasm he shuddered, shrank back,
and declined. But filial love was strong with-
in him,and after another glance atthe gifts
and at the terrible fissure, his heart grew

By Ltta Seley

was always so; he ever saw the bright
side of the dark clouds. Very slowly the
days dragged by, but the choir-boys came
often to see him, and sometimes to read to
him; and he was to be out soon, the nurse
said. It was the day before Christmas when
she told me he might go the next day, but
must use crutches a long time. That
very afternoon Sammy’s teacher sent him a
beautiful, long stemmed, red rose. The little
card with it read;

““With muchlove and best wishes for Sammy,
and in remembrance of the Blessed Christ
Child.”’

““It’s a beauty,’’ I remarked.

““Ain’t it a peach, though?’’ he said smiling
through his tears. ‘“What d’ye s’pose ever
made her send it to me, though?’’

““Why, because she cared about your being
sick and hopes you will soon be well again,
as we all do. And besides, you know what
else the card says, and tomorrow is Christ-
mas.’’

He sat looking out of the window a long
time then, holding the rose caressingly
against his cheek.

I was with him when it came, and for the
first time since I had known the boy 1
saw him cry. He held the rose first against
one cheek and then the other, and great sobs
shook his whole body. At last he drew a
sleeve across his eyes, and said brokerly
‘I reckon—you think I'm a—a great cry-
baby—an’ I reckon I am—but I never had a
—a rose before in my life—'n’ I guess I
ain’t very strong—or I wouldn’t bawl about
i 2

When I left I said, ‘‘Well, boy, you and
your rose leave together in the morning, I
suppose?’’ :

He laughed as he said, ”’Well you kin jes’
bet yer head the rose goes, if I ke,

strong, and his eyes flashed, and he said: ‘'l
will go, if my father will hold the rope!”’
Aad then with uunshrinking nerves, cheek
unbalanced, and heart firmly strong, he suf-
fered his father to put the rope about him,
lower him into the wild abyss, and to sus-
pend him there while he filled his little bas-
ket with the coveted fiowers. It was a dar-
ing deed, but his faith in the strength of his
father’s arm, and the love of his father’s
heart, gave him courage and power to per-
form it.
Know, that your thoughts rule your life,

Be they pure or impure in the strife?
As you think so you are;

And you make or you mar
Your success in the world

By your thoughts.—

The service Christmas morning was unus~
ually well attended, and we felt from our
pastor’s voice that something moved him
profoundly. For one, I confess I was openly
curious, for it was rare indeed for that voice
to tremble or hesitate in any part of theser-
vice. After the benediction he turned to the
alter and lifted something carefully.
When he faced us againl saw he held a
long stemmed, red rose and a piece of
brown wrapping paper.

““My people,’” he said,‘‘ you see what I
hold here.’” Then he related in a few words
the story of Sammy, and of the gift of the
rose, of which I had told him thenight before.
“‘I found this at the foot of the altar cross
here this morning,’’ he eontinued, ‘‘and with
it this note sadly misspelled, it is true, but
overflowing with Christian charity and the
true spirit Christmas-tide. I will read it:"*
“““Deer rector.

4 leev this rose hear. i was goin to tak
it hom but when i gotto the church suthun
kep a-sayin pig pig pig. soi rekun the lord
dont want me to keep it when sum uther kid
needs it morn i do. pleze send it bak to jimy
ross at the hospitul. he cant never get out.
and dont you tel him ihad it tel him its frum
the Christ Child.”’

He paused. ‘‘Who may reckon the price of
this gift?’’ he said.

Turning again, he presented the rose before
the altar, as he would the regular alms offer-
ing. As one person the congregation rose,
and then sank to its knees as the rector left
the sanctuary. A great wonder hecld us all.
Who that day had given best? We of our
plenty, or Samany who had given the sweet-
est thing which ever had come into his life,
por sought praise for himself in the giving?

- MOTHER’S FACE

Three little lads in converse loud engaged,
One sunny summer day,

And out of the window low, I thoughtI’dlean
To hear what they might say.

““The prettiest thing on earth,I ever saw,”’
One of the wee boys said,

“In Grandma’s garden was a lovely bird,
All yellow, black and red.”’

““The pretticst thing I ever seen on earth,”
So spoke anbther lad,

“‘It is a puny at the circus grourds—
I want him awful bad!”’

“] think,’”’ the third bright little fellow said,
With unaffected grace,

«“The prettiest thing to me in the world;
Is just my mother’s face!”’
