---
title: umpire
year: 1918
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1918_208.jpg
---
A SR T N 0 ¢ SR W R S

THE UMPIRE -

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Owing to thelimited space in our Christ-
mas number it is not possible for us to print
the detailed report of last Saturday after-

/. . noons entertainment, but take pleasure in
. stating that both Miss Russell, and Mr.
Kraupa provided the first section with a most
elaborate Christmas Program, a treat that
will linger long with those who were fortu-
' « nate in being present.

“ ® Butas the conclusion of the performance
s Wwas a feature in itself, we will here give the
Sécretary’s own narrative. Edator.

: At the conclusion of the vaudeville the

. real Christmas feature of the entertain-
Fots ~ ment was staged, when Vice President A 8432

mounted the stage and summoning Miss
Russel before him, presented her, as a token
of the Club’s appreciation of her work in its
behalf with a fine beaded bag and ‘‘contents’’.
Miss Russel, retiring in good order, was suc-
ceeded by Miss Blanche Washburn, our su-
perlative pianist, who was the recipient of
another bag, in recognition of her work, then
Mr. Kraupa was called to the front and a fine
gitk umbrella with engraved name plate, pre-
sented him, carrving with it the best wishes
of the entire body of donors. ‘‘Pete’’ drew
a long breath and called upon the Warden to

" come forward, who was presented with an
umbrella similar to Mr. Kraupa’s, and re-
sponded with a telling speech of thanks.
Then ‘‘Pete’’ staged the hit of the after-
noon, by summoning to the stage ‘‘Hon.”’
Bob Myers, who had been lured to the scene
by a false alarm, and succeeded in wishing
upon him a similar umbrella. The ‘‘Hon.”’
- had been taken quite unawares, and being
unprepared with a speech, was forced to re-
tire in some confusion; to be succeeded by
Mr. Walter N. Souder, our First Deputy,
who was given a rousing reception and an
umbrella, as a grand climax. Now it was
the turn of our president, Mr. Reuben C.
.+ McKenty to be led to the slaughter and he,
' to a tumult of cheering, was presented with

a beautiful inlaid smoking table, as a slight

token of the sincere appreciation, felt by

all the members, for his constant and un-
tiring efforts to advance their interests, and
his many sacrifices in their behalf. Our

| | ® Presidentis noreincarnation of Henry Clay,
A but managed in a few words to convey to us
his appreciation of our gift, which was
b & encugh for us. Lastly, Mr Jimmy Mulligan,
. ’’ the man in the box’’, was presented with
8 an envelope, which, revort hath it, was not
empty, and Mrs. Mulligan not being present,

¢ Ne was able to say a few words and retire
' gracefully, leaving everybody satisfied that

the afternoon had been well spent.
2 f Among the many visitors present, we were
_’,4 pleased to note Mr. Charles Horn, of the
(\3 Jewish Welfare Board, fresh from his task
% of providing entertainment for the soldiers
™ 'i in the tralnlng camps at home and abroad

%%m ™ 95 8 W JL Ny o B

who frankly declared that Miss Russell and
Mr. Kraupa had him beaten in his own line.
It was a gala day, and the Warden’s an-
nouncement that there would be ice-cream
for Christmas lent its finishing touch, and
sent everybody home in the happiest mood.

B 8266, Secretary.

Hm&mmsmma&mm&mmﬁ
Ohristmas Bay

Band Goncert
Hrogram
Entry March Camp Fires
‘““‘AMERICA”’
March Stars and Stripes
Overture Lyric Myers
Romanza Buffington
Floating Along
Waltz Olivette Myers
One Step My Sweetie Berlin
Jazz Blues Joe Turner Handy
INTERMISSION
March Marine Flashes  Thome
Overture Schleperelle
Home Circle
Rag American Lenberg
Jazz Blues Barnyard Blues Rocea
Rag Misery Colby
March Minnerskelly Greenfield
STAR SPANGLED BANNER
B 7621 Conductor

Carl

Sousa

e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e o e e e e e o o o e el e e e ol Lo e Lo

5
%
!

o Fh—awmﬁﬁt‘ﬁ::?hm.ﬁp?wcmsmﬁ

A TOUCH OF REAL CHRISTMAS

There is a beautiful touch of Christmas
spirit evident these days in the efforts of
friends to make Yuletide to the women-folks
in here as cheerful and happy as can be pos-
sible.—

Those who bring to these unfortunate sis-
ters year after year the Christmas tree, the
decorations and all the ‘‘ goodies’ that go
with it are moved by that sacred sentiment
alone, that a woman in prison at Christmas
time is a touching appeal, that ecan be
answered no other way.—

So they are made happy today, gathering
around a good size Christmas tree, brightly
illuminated, prettily decorated and heavily
loaded down with all the ‘‘goodies’’ that are
dear to a womans heart.

May these little tckens of good-will be to
them a solace anda sign of hupe of a bright-
er future.

Last Saturday the Young Lzdies of the Wal-
nut street Presbyterian Club gave to thece
inmates of the Second Block a most beauti-
ful entertainment, presided over by the Pre-
sident of the Club, Miss Martha Swartz—

Our Chaplain was present, who opened the
entertainment with prayer and a word of
good cheer to all. An interesting address
was then delivered by Mrs. L. Barakat, fol-
lowed by singing, music and recitations that
soon enshrouded the little gathering with
the spirit of a real Christmas.—

B

CHRISTMAS BELLS

A MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL

* *
*

If you listen to the Christmas Carols IL
the morning and 1nterpret them right, your; |
day will be bright and happy. } :

*
5 sk

‘Though Roast Beef, Mince Pie and Frui :
come but once a year it never fails to brin%&/ 1

with it heaps of joy and contentment.
* *
* ./'o ne

That the Kiddies will have their toys and
a Merry Christmas also this year is evideng
by the broad smiles of the H.F.C. ofﬁmals;
and the long lists of contributions coming in. ‘,,

Thanks to those who made it possible. -

Our aged friend and head of the Binding
Dept.B 7302 received his pardon at the last
meeting of the Board, and is thus assured a
very happy Christmas. He leaves with the
best wishes of all who had the privilege to
know him here,.

* *
i *

Rev.Mr.C. Boswell of the Methodist Hos-
pital paid our bible class an unexpected visit
last Wednesday and gave to the men a mes-
sage that wentstraight to the hearts of those
who were fortunate in being present.

* &
*

That our Band will do its part in making

n Christmas a merry one for us is evident by

the select program printed on this page.
Music hath always charm but more so of
course on a Christmas day.

¥ *
*®

It is reported that Mr.Kelly the Overseer
on the 7 gallery is very ill. This will un-
doubtedly be sad news to the many in here
whose days were brightened by this young
officers kindness and good-will. May he soon
recover, and return to us.

ok = k ‘

SHOWERS OF BLESSING
ON THE PATHWAY OF LIFE_

Mrs. Elizabeth A. S. Treher, a former

matron of this institution, end Mr. Pende]i}!
ton Garber were united in marriage Jast{ BB
Tuesday Dec. 17, by our Chaplain Revo“a?}’

Joseph Welch. Mrs Treher was considered‘% ,

officer, and by the priscners a, valuable &
friend, whose tact, kindness, and sweet tem-
perament gave to them much solace in theiz%; 4
hours of depression, and it is a pleasure to 4/4.
voice the sentiment of her former wards m Vs
these few lines of tribute; and thcugh t}*evfo

are sorry to lose her, they rejoice in know- 3
ing that she issafe in the hands of a happy® |
future. ,I

The Secretary’s report of proceedmgs atﬁ”
the last H. F.C. Delegate meeting will appeari
in our New Year number,

N T SR e S e s L S
