---
title: Scarlock’s Deductions
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 1
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Scarlock’s Deductions. Press dispatches sent out from Southern Pines, 8. C., Marlin, Texas, San Antonio, Texas, and various other training quarters, are full of the doings of Dooin, Doolan and Dolan, and Murray, Marquard and Myers; also the great headwork of young infielder Slaw, late of the Cabbage League. Very interesting to their friends in the North, and very creditable to the gentlemen themselves, but not so important to the boys in here. What we want to know here is, whether “Fatty,” last season’s second baseman of the Giants, is going to strengthen the Plasterers; or if Capt. John of the 9th still has his batting eye. For the past week or more, various groups have been seen around 4 o’clock, discussing this and that great find secured by the Stocking Shed, Library or Plasterers. How during a game on the outside, a pitcher that the Plasterers have signed, let a strong cigar team down with one run in 21 innings, with a broken finger, and Dave, the manager of the Plasterers, claims if he had had his leg broke, too, he would have shut them out. Some that were sent here together. It seems, so the story runs, that this particular pitcher and his battery mate, were playing with Mudville against Sugar Notch, and the speed of this pitcher was so terrific, that a ball delivered by him to the catcher, went through the catcher’s hands and hit a spectator watching the game, 27 yards away. killing him instantly. The pitcher and catcher were arrested, and convicted, the pitcher as the) principal, and the catcher as an accessory; the State proving that it was through his hand the man was killed. Our efforts to locate that phenomenal pitcher of the Plasterers had been futile. Some say he is on the sixth block, others say the 12th. For three weeks we have. searched unceasingly, but to no avail. We had given up all hope of seeing this man until the season opened; when the other day, “Slick”, the catcher of the 9th, overheard “Tony” and “Stump”, of season and: their prospects the Plasterers, discussing the coming therein.“Slick” had not long to wait. Soon they were comparing this wonderful pitcher’s work, with that of the other pitchers in here. ‘Then inadvertently, “Stump” spoke of him locking on the 11th Block, and straightway “Slick” reported to headquarters. We had a talk with Overseer John Beecher, but from his conversation knew he was partial to the enemy. Nevertheless, we continued our search, and a word gathered here and there soon put us on to what particular room he was locking in. After a few unsuccessful attempts, it was plain to be seen we could do nothing from the inside of the Block, so we directed our efforts to another source. Last Friday, we understood that the tinners would be at work on the 11th Block roof. A few ginger cakes, secured from “Dick” the tinner, the loan of his tools; and after an hour or two rolling in the coal pile, we manage to get our face as dirty as “Dick’s”, and taking his tools and fire pot we quickly approached the 11th Block. Following our instructions as closely as possible, we came to what we thought was the window of this remarkable pitcher’s cell. Approaching cautiously on our hands and knees, we looked down at a man industriously making stockings. From all outward appearances, the man looked the part of a great pitcher, and we then knew that our efforts had not been in vain. After vainly trying to attract his attention, we drew closer, and putting our head into the window, put the question right to him. “Say ‘Bo’, are you a pitcher?” The man stopped his work and gave us a perplexed look, and we again repeated the question. For a moment he hesitated; then replied “No, me Hungarian”— In the gathering dust, a snowbird’s call was heard, and the answer of its mate in the valley below. 
