---
title: Economic Psychotechnics
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 1
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Economic Psychotechnics      Within the past half century, human intelligence seems to have bounded forward in a most remarkable manner. The telegraph, the telephone, the wireless, steam power, electric power and light, have given talents a wider scope than ever before. They have forwarded the art of printing, which, in turn, has stimulated education. Intelligence and intellectual competition, worldwide, are making the world fabulously rich. Men and women are on the alert to associate themselves with the new things and the resulting financial prosperity.   NRW inventions are coming to us constantly. Men are thinking harder, and work seems to be waiting for someone to handle it. No one need be without it. as it is here for the asking-but, there are a lot of patients suffering from a very contagious disease called "workalitis."   After investigating a certain case it developed that:   His space and time sense were sufficient. His disposition to fatigue was normal. His type of imagery was remarkable. He could dig the Panama Canal with a lead pencil and could irrigate Texas with a bottle of Ink.   No disease or poison is ever discovered for which there is no antidote. Prof. Munsterburg has discovered a science which he calls economic psychotechnics, or Sizing Up a Person for a JOB. It has been my pleasant ( and unpleasant ) experience, to become acquainted with a number of men who are seriously thinking of going to work soon. They are all at sea as to what kind of a job would suit them. Some of them are as changeable as the presidents in Mexico. One man I recall, having made attempts to master several arts, and after much time and effort failed in each, only to remark : "No one knows what I'll do." He don't know himself, and hereby we publish the hint.   Prof. Munsterburg, of Harvard says: “Economic Psychotechnics” applied to an individual in search of employment will analyze his psychic make-up showing among other things:   "The type of his attention.   The strength of his different emotions.   His disposition to fatigue.   His memory and will energy.   His space sense and his time sense.   His ability to learn, his judgment and his   power to discriminate.   His type of imagery.   "Thus, by economic psychotechnics, an employer  can discriminate the applicants according to their actual efficiency, and t,he applicants by consulting a psychologist attain what kind of holes they fit into without rattling around annoyingly."   The new science we hope will prevent hodcarriers from becoming printers and clerks and carpenters and blacksmiths from becoming musicians or artists.    
