---
---
title: The Reconstructed Giants
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 1
day: 2
tags: null
layout: page.njk
image: null
---
The Reconstructed GiantsThe dramatis personae of the New York Giants for 1913, now that Thorpe is one of them, has been presented as follows:Little-Chief-not-afraid-of-the-Umpires -McGraw.Chew-in-the-Face-Doyle.Big-Six-Not-Afraid-of-Tinker-Mathewson.Heap-Much-Squaw-Man-Marquard.Red-Fire-on-the-Head-Murray. Chin-in-the-Air-Fletcher. All-Time-Chew-Rag-Herzog. Big-Balloon-Never-Go-Up-Robinson. Chain-on-the-Foot-McCormick. Hit-and-Pitch-in-Pinch-Crandall. Hole-in-the-Glove-Snodgrass. Sun-in-the-Face-Devore.N    o-More-Bone-in-Head~Merkle.Man-Need-Heap-Big-Wampumson.All-Time-SkinBear-Alive-Tesreau.Brave-With-Tomahawk-in-Fa .ceWiltse."Wil-Always-No-Luck--Ames.Little Pappoose-HenneHsy. Crazy-Like-Fox-Faust. Man-Hates-Squaw-Notes-Schaffer..John T. Meyers, Esq., and .JamesThorpe, Esq. ,-All-American batterv.-Exchange
---
The Reconstructed GiantsThe dramatis personae of the New York Giants for 1913, now that Thorpe is one of them, has been presented as follows:Little-Chief-not-afraid-of-the-Umpires -McGraw.Chew-in-the-Face-Doyle.Big-Six-Not-Afraid-of-Tinker-Mathewson.Heap-Much-Squaw-Man-Marquard.Red-Fire-on-the-Head-Murray. Chin-in-the-Air-Fletcher. All-Time-Chew-Rag-Herzog. Big-Balloon-Never-Go-Up-Robinson. Chain-on-the-Foot-McCormick. Hit-and-Pitch-in-Pinch-Crandall. Hole-in-the-Glove-Snodgrass. Sun-in-the-Face-Devore.N    o-More-Bone-in-Head~Merkle.Man-Need-Heap-Big-Wampumson.All-Time-SkinBear-Alive-Tesreau.Brave-With-Tomahawk-in-Fa .ceWiltse."Wil-Always-No-Luck--Ames.Little Pappoose-HenneHsy. Crazy-Like-Fox-Faust. Man-Hates-Squaw-Notes-Schaffer..John T. Meyers, Esq., and .JamesThorpe, Esq. ,-All-American batterv.-Exchange

