---
title: A Few Friendly Suggestions
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 1
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A Few Friendly Suggestions      I presume that you are all aware of the fact, that the baseball season is almost at hand. I would like to present a few friendly suggestions in regard to same.   Boys! I know that you are all fond of the game, and we have chosen six strong teams to represent the league this year, who no doubt will make a very good, showing, as well as exciting. It will be necessary for us to ask you to kindly refrain from all arguments, and abide by the decisions of the umpire while on the field. Boys don't do anything that will cause you to be sent to your cell, and have you shut off from the rest of the games. We are trying to arrange the teams so as there will be a royal battle each time the teams meet one another, and they all promise to be exciting; but don't let them be so exciting that you will lose your head. we want you to root and have a good time, but don’t knock any of the players, or overstep the rules of the Institution, because it will mean being sent to your cell for the remainder of the season. Those of you who do not get to see the games, will be kept well informed through the weekly editions of the Umpire, as we have a competent force engaged in the printing dept. who are kept well posted. With the help of all, we will endeavor to make this one of the best baseball seasons yet to be seen inside of these walls; and we can do it, if you will only refrain from all arguments, and knocking one another.   We must learn to look upon this as a special privilege, granted by the Warden, and who has the power, to abolish it at once, if things do not go as he wants them. So boys do not abuse the privilege and spoil it for all of us, even if baseball does not interest you as an individual. So if you do not derive any pleasure from the game, be cheerful and help the fellow next to you to enjoy it.   Many of us have already picked the team t,o win the pennant; some have picked the Library; others have picked the Ninth Block; and you cannot convince the friends of the Plasterers that they won't cop the flag; still some have picked the Stocking Shed; while others have build their hopes in the Band team of corning out victorious; and some have confidence in the Cubs winning the pennant. But as it is rather early in the season to pick the winner, we will all play good ball and may the best team win.   In closing we desire to say, that if the boys as a body stick together, and play together, instead of arguing, we will assure you that this will be the best baseball season ever seen in here.      "If you can't boost don't knock"

