---
---
title: Baseball
author: B-6388
issue: 26
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 2
day: 2
tags: null
layout: page.njk
image: null
---
BaseballThe days have come, for bits and runs, For aches and sores, for wordy wars,In Baseball.The clubs in line, all show up fine, There is no sign, of losing timeAt Baseball.The Ninth looks fit, and say they're It, They field and hit, but wait a bitIts Baseball....the Stocking Shed, are far from dead, They go ahead, and talk in bedOf Baseball.And in the Band, the boys play grand, Have they the sand, to make a stand,At Baseball?The Plasterer team they a\ways seem, To have the steam, and are real keen,For Baseball.The Librar-y, on the gal-ler-y Have signed a plea, the flag to see,That's Baseball.The Cubs look wise, and wink their eyes, And for their size, they may surprise,At Baseball.Now watch and wait, its near the date To pass the "gate", and see the plate.And Baseball.If the team you pick, don't get their lick Please don't get sick, or raise a kiek .It's Baseball.By B 6388
---
BaseballThe days have come, for bits and runs, For aches and sores, for wordy wars,In Baseball.The clubs in line, all show up fine, There is no sign, of losing timeAt Baseball.The Ninth looks fit, and say they're It, They field and hit, but wait a bitIts Baseball....the Stocking Shed, are far from dead, They go ahead, and talk in bedOf Baseball.And in the Band, the boys play grand, Have they the sand, to make a stand,At Baseball?The Plasterer team they a\ways seem, To have the steam, and are real keen,For Baseball.The Librar-y, on the gal-ler-y Have signed a plea, the flag to see,That's Baseball.The Cubs look wise, and wink their eyes, And for their size, they may surprise,At Baseball.Now watch and wait, its near the date To pass the "gate", and see the plate.And Baseball.If the team you pick, don't get their lick Please don't get sick, or raise a kiek .It's Baseball.By B 6388

