---
---
title: Books Worth Reading
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 2
day: 2
tags: null
layout: page.njk
image: null
---
Books Worth Reading"LIFE IS A GLORIOUS THING."If you wish to be lifted out of the cares of today, read one of the following books, which are to be found in the Library:-For those of a historical turn of mind,-The History of Babylonia and Assyria, will be found interesting. It tells about the Towers of Babel, which is still standing. Do you realize that 4000 years after this most wonderful of all towers that was built by the Ancients, (according to the Book of Genesis about 2400 B. C.,) its seven stages still rise high above the plains near the site of Babylon:For those who care for fiction, "The Garden Of Allah", is a most remarkable and interesting story. The story is of a monk who breaks his oath, and flees from the monastery, and later on fa11R in love with a beautiful young ,woman. The story is full of romance and adventure, and gives a, vivid description of life on the desert with caravans of camels and natives.To those who have never read Charles Dickens work, I would advise any one of the following books:-David Copperfield,-Little Dorrit, Pickwick Papers, Oliver Twist, and The Lamplighters. Charles Dickens is the greatest master of storytelling the world ever knew. His keen humor, his command of pathos and perfection of character. His writings are fascinating, and appeal to both old and young. We breathlessly follow the fortunes of David Copperfield, laugh at the adventures of Mr. Pickwick; and shed a tear over LittleNell."Ben-Hur," is another most delightful book, from the opening of the volume to the very close, the readers interest will be kept at the highest pitch. Its real basis is a description of the life of the Jews and -Roman sat the beginning of the christian era., and this is both forcible and brilliant. We are carried through a surpassing variety of scenes; we witness a sea-fight, a chariot race, the internal economy of a Roman galley, domestic interiors at Antioch, at Jerusalem, and among the tribes of the desert; palaces, prisons, the haunts of dissipated Romans Youths. There is plenty of exciting incidents."Blennerhasset”, is a most remarkable and interesting story,-it is a Romance, full of life, and founded upon Events in American History."Miss Petticoats;” this is a story of modern life, and is full of interest and brightness, and so full of action that the incidents fairly step on each others heels."Quincy Adams Sawyer and Mason Corner Folks" -This is the best New England story ever written .A simple love tale of country life with a wealth of New England characters , scenes and incidents.
---
Books Worth Reading"LIFE IS A GLORIOUS THING."If you wish to be lifted out of the cares of today, read one of the following books, which are to be found in the Library:-For those of a historical turn of mind,-The History of Babylonia and Assyria, will be found interesting. It tells about the Towers of Babel, which is still standing. Do you realize that 4000 years after this most wonderful of all towers that was built by the Ancients, (according to the Book of Genesis about 2400 B. C.,) its seven stages still rise high above the plains near the site of Babylon:For those who care for fiction, "The Garden Of Allah", is a most remarkable and interesting story. The story is of a monk who breaks his oath, and flees from the monastery, and later on fa11R in love with a beautiful young ,woman. The story is full of romance and adventure, and gives a, vivid description of life on the desert with caravans of camels and natives.To those who have never read Charles Dickens work, I would advise any one of the following books:-David Copperfield,-Little Dorrit, Pickwick Papers, Oliver Twist, and The Lamplighters. Charles Dickens is the greatest master of storytelling the world ever knew. His keen humor, his command of pathos and perfection of character. His writings are fascinating, and appeal to both old and young. We breathlessly follow the fortunes of David Copperfield, laugh at the adventures of Mr. Pickwick; and shed a tear over LittleNell."Ben-Hur," is another most delightful book, from the opening of the volume to the very close, the readers interest will be kept at the highest pitch. Its real basis is a description of the life of the Jews and -Roman sat the beginning of the christian era., and this is both forcible and brilliant. We are carried through a surpassing variety of scenes; we witness a sea-fight, a chariot race, the internal economy of a Roman galley, domestic interiors at Antioch, at Jerusalem, and among the tribes of the desert; palaces, prisons, the haunts of dissipated Romans Youths. There is plenty of exciting incidents."Blennerhasset”, is a most remarkable and interesting story,-it is a Romance, full of life, and founded upon Events in American History."Miss Petticoats;” this is a story of modern life, and is full of interest and brightness, and so full of action that the incidents fairly step on each others heels."Quincy Adams Sawyer and Mason Corner Folks" -This is the best New England story ever written .A simple love tale of country life with a wealth of New England characters , scenes and incidents.

