---
---
title: Baseball is Bred
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 2
day: 2
tags: null
layout: page.njk
image: null
---
Base Ball [sic] is BredWHAT is the exhilarating intoxicant with which the Southern atmosphere seems pregnant in the producing of great ball players Ty Cobb, Tris Speaker, Joe Jackson, and Claude Cooper, the recent great find of the New York Giants, all hail from below the Mason and Dixon line , and each and every one of them is a, star which absolutely scintillates in the baseball firmament. Are climatic condition responsible for better and faster: players in the South than in the North? Or what is it? The best explanation in relation to this situation was made to me by Frank Newhouse, now umpiring on the Pacific coast. Newhouse said :"You know it gets so awful hot in Texas, and elsewhere in the South, that a sort of mist or heat cloud arises from the ground. The man who can bat well in those leagues, can bat anywhere on earth, for it takes a better eye to hit the ball accurately in the South, than it does in the North. That's why men likeCobb, Speaker and sensations when in the big leagues."Whether this is the correct solution or not, we leave to those who read to decide. Certain it is that the explanation carries some merit with it, and who knows but this umpire has correctly sized up the situation? All the great stars coming from the leagues in the South, proved themselves fine ball players in the American and National leagues. True, they are not all Ty Cobbs, Speakers or Jacksons, but they are good enough to hold their own anywhere . -Exchange.
---
Base Ball [sic] is BredWHAT is the exhilarating intoxicant with which the Southern atmosphere seems pregnant in the producing of great ball players Ty Cobb, Tris Speaker, Joe Jackson, and Claude Cooper, the recent great find of the New York Giants, all hail from below the Mason and Dixon line , and each and every one of them is a, star which absolutely scintillates in the baseball firmament. Are climatic condition responsible for better and faster: players in the South than in the North? Or what is it? The best explanation in relation to this situation was made to me by Frank Newhouse, now umpiring on the Pacific coast. Newhouse said :"You know it gets so awful hot in Texas, and elsewhere in the South, that a sort of mist or heat cloud arises from the ground. The man who can bat well in those leagues, can bat anywhere on earth, for it takes a better eye to hit the ball accurately in the South, than it does in the North. That's why men likeCobb, Speaker and sensations when in the big leagues."Whether this is the correct solution or not, we leave to those who read to decide. Certain it is that the explanation carries some merit with it, and who knows but this umpire has correctly sized up the situation? All the great stars coming from the leagues in the South, proved themselves fine ball players in the American and National leagues. True, they are not all Ty Cobbs, Speakers or Jacksons, but they are good enough to hold their own anywhere . -Exchange.

