---
---
title: None
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 2
day: 2
tags: null
layout: page.njk
image: null
---
Now when we are on the verge of 路another base ball season, the time is most seasonable for us to address a few remarks in the shape of advice and warnings to our friends, who will be fortunate enough to have the privilege of seeing 路and enjoying the games. This article is indicted principally for the edification of our recent initiates, who have no line or precedents to guide them, and who may unconsciously, and possibly through nofault of their own, fall into error and bring trouble to themselves. With regard to the old heads, they surely must have profited by our constant appeals to them in the UMPIRE of last season.Firstly, we wish everybody to understand that the great privilege of playing baseball, was granted us by our chief executive under certain conditions, and secondly it is incumbent upon us to obeythese instructions to the letter, "walls have ears", and certain the outside world of puritanicalbecause people in dispositions, take umbrage at the very idea of us poor mortals being granted one hour's relaxation from the regular routine of discipline , which they think we are enduring in "durance vile." Complaints have arisen in the past, and unless we maintain reasonable quietude, they may increase, and there is no telling what results, disadvantageous to ourselves, may occur. Therefore it behooves us a,11 to regard "silence as golden" during the process of the games.Right here, we have the most important condition and rule, which we urgently commend to the careful consideration 0f the spectators, and we trust it will be devontly adhered to, and respected by them at all times.We agree, that during the course of the season there will be times, and situations will present themselves, which will cause the excitement to become extremely intense, and it will require almost superhuman power to keep ourselves under perfect control, but yon will find with a little cultivation this self-control can be attained.  The officials on the field, from the highest to the lowest, have always treated us as "Bohemians", and it is up to us to demonstrate to them that we are men like unto themselves, with impulses, passions and instincts, which we can and will hold in check when we make up our minds to do so.At any time, when any one o:four friends, through thoughtlessness, becomes over enthusiastic on the field, and for the moment "loses himself" in applause, it would be a good idea for the more level heads to adopt the plan of gently administering a reprimand to his next door neighbor; say, something in this way ; "Steady yourself old chap, steady !," then we shall find that good order will be the result.Now with reference to the men who will participate in the games ; they will receive their instructions from their respective managers, but for their further information we wish it to be explicitly understood that no "horse play" will be tolerated for one instant. It is much the best thing to commence as we intend to go on, and it is only fair to all the men, that they should be fully acquaintedwith what is to be, and what is not to be.The E.S.P. Baseball League, thanks to its promoters, is now firmly founded on a rock, and whatever may have been its shortcomings in the past, we feel confident that perfection has now been attained.Every objection or protest must be made by the manager, and him alone, and no matter what an individual player may think, it will be well for him tokeep his mouth closed; it is quite possible however, for him to obtain his point if he goes the right way about it, that is through his manager; but let it be clearly understood, that brawls of any nature approaching rowdyism, will only cause loss instead of gain to the party implicated.Also let it be understood, that the slightest sign of hostility of any kind will be promptly suppressed, and the offender or offenders may be closely:'confined to barracks", for a more or less protracted period in consequence of his unruly conduct. We feel, and we sincerely trust, that the necessity to enforce these rules will never occur.Nobody on earth could have been more  considerate for our welfare in the past than our respected Warden has been, and now the time is ripe for us to show him that his kindness is appreciated.Now we come to what has hitherto been the toughest question in the whole situation, namely--that of UMPIRE.In the first place, we wish to point out that the utmost care will be exercised in selecting the most qualified men to fill these positions, and we do beseech everybody to work in accord with us to that end.Most of us are men in every sense of the word, and are not devoid of honor, and the men who are selected to UMPIRE should be looked upon by us as men of that caliber. Pray don't commence at the outset of the season, to regard them as your mortal enemies, or entertain the idea that they are a set of"welshers" who are out for your scalps. Better by far would it be if you would sympathize with them, and begin to know that theirs is a most arduous and thankless job, when they are expected to perform an absolute impossibility, which is to please everybody.
---
Now when we are on the verge of 路another base ball season, the time is most seasonable for us to address a few remarks in the shape of advice and warnings to our friends, who will be fortunate enough to have the privilege of seeing 路and enjoying the games. This article is indicted principally for the edification of our recent initiates, who have no line or precedents to guide them, and who may unconsciously, and possibly through nofault of their own, fall into error and bring trouble to themselves. With regard to the old heads, they surely must have profited by our constant appeals to them in the UMPIRE of last season.Firstly, we wish everybody to understand that the great privilege of playing baseball, was granted us by our chief executive under certain conditions, and secondly it is incumbent upon us to obeythese instructions to the letter, "walls have ears", and certain the outside world of puritanicalbecause people in dispositions, take umbrage at the very idea of us poor mortals being granted one hour's relaxation from the regular routine of discipline , which they think we are enduring in "durance vile." Complaints have arisen in the past, and unless we maintain reasonable quietude, they may increase, and there is no telling what results, disadvantageous to ourselves, may occur. Therefore it behooves us a,11 to regard "silence as golden" during the process of the games.Right here, we have the most important condition and rule, which we urgently commend to the careful consideration 0f the spectators, and we trust it will be devontly adhered to, and respected by them at all times.We agree, that during the course of the season there will be times, and situations will present themselves, which will cause the excitement to become extremely intense, and it will require almost superhuman power to keep ourselves under perfect control, but yon will find with a little cultivation this self-control can be attained.  The officials on the field, from the highest to the lowest, have always treated us as "Bohemians", and it is up to us to demonstrate to them that we are men like unto themselves, with impulses, passions and instincts, which we can and will hold in check when we make up our minds to do so.At any time, when any one o:four friends, through thoughtlessness, becomes over enthusiastic on the field, and for the moment "loses himself" in applause, it would be a good idea for the more level heads to adopt the plan of gently administering a reprimand to his next door neighbor; say, something in this way ; "Steady yourself old chap, steady !," then we shall find that good order will be the result.Now with reference to the men who will participate in the games ; they will receive their instructions from their respective managers, but for their further information we wish it to be explicitly understood that no "horse play" will be tolerated for one instant. It is much the best thing to commence as we intend to go on, and it is only fair to all the men, that they should be fully acquaintedwith what is to be, and what is not to be.The E.S.P. Baseball League, thanks to its promoters, is now firmly founded on a rock, and whatever may have been its shortcomings in the past, we feel confident that perfection has now been attained.Every objection or protest must be made by the manager, and him alone, and no matter what an individual player may think, it will be well for him tokeep his mouth closed; it is quite possible however, for him to obtain his point if he goes the right way about it, that is through his manager; but let it be clearly understood, that brawls of any nature approaching rowdyism, will only cause loss instead of gain to the party implicated.Also let it be understood, that the slightest sign of hostility of any kind will be promptly suppressed, and the offender or offenders may be closely:'confined to barracks", for a more or less protracted period in consequence of his unruly conduct. We feel, and we sincerely trust, that the necessity to enforce these rules will never occur.Nobody on earth could have been more  considerate for our welfare in the past than our respected Warden has been, and now the time is ripe for us to show him that his kindness is appreciated.Now we come to what has hitherto been the toughest question in the whole situation, namely--that of UMPIRE.In the first place, we wish to point out that the utmost care will be exercised in selecting the most qualified men to fill these positions, and we do beseech everybody to work in accord with us to that end.Most of us are men in every sense of the word, and are not devoid of honor, and the men who are selected to UMPIRE should be looked upon by us as men of that caliber. Pray don't commence at the outset of the season, to regard them as your mortal enemies, or entertain the idea that they are a set of"welshers" who are out for your scalps. Better by far would it be if you would sympathize with them, and begin to know that theirs is a most arduous and thankless job, when they are expected to perform an absolute impossibility, which is to please everybody.

