---
title: Benevolence
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 3
year: 1913
month: 2
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BENEVOLENCE    Strange things often happen in the early hours of the day. The other morning when B-5869 and 6275 were making their daily rounds collecting cinnamon buns and milk, left on doorsteps by those who had retired late the evening before, (a route can be arranged for a half-pound of Sen., by applying to either of the above,) they met Dave, manager of the Plasterers, on his expedition, (object unknown.) He remarked to 6275 about his belief and the confidence of waving The Banner of Honor on the ball field this year and sympathetically spoke of Timmy’s feelings in the matter, when the realization presented itself for Timmy to ponder. (Timmy has great confidence in his “Has Beens” or “ Once Was” who placed their autograph as the Ninth Block’s representation.) The simplicity of Dave’s manner was bearing on something; that I felt certain he had well considered before voicing his feelings; so after some deliberation, he suggested for Timmy and his stars to memorize the following paragraphs, with an earnest sustaining power.    Other managers might also accept the same suggestion, as it will save a great deal of contention and rivalry for First Place, as the contract has been awarded specifying the erection of a circular fence, (no knot holes.) Signed by Dave and his Band.    O, Powers that be, make me sufficient to my occasions.    Teach me to mind my own business at all times, and lose no good opportunity for holding my tongue.    Help me not to cry for the moon nor over spilled milk.    Grant me neither to proffer nor to welcome cheap praise; to diminish sharply between sentiment and sentimentality, cleaving to the one and despising the other.    Give me to be always a good comrade and view the passing show with an eye constantly growing keener, a charity broadening and deepening day by day.    Help me to win, if win I may; but--and this, O Powers! especially---if I may not win, make me a good loser. Amen. 

