---
title: Attention
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 3
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Attention      On the eve of the opening of the season, it will be well to outline the policy of the League.   If any League player shall conduct himself in such a way as shall be detrimental to the game, the manager of the -club to which he belongs shall suspend him from the game, and shall report said B suspension, with his reasons therefore, to the League President, whose duty it shall be to call a meeting of all the managers, and take Each action against said player as they deem necessary.   If any manager shall at any time show favoritism to any player or players, or a should in any way cause dissension among the players, a protest can be filed with the managers, (provided it is signed by at least two-thirds of the members of the team), and if the protest of the players is upheld, said manager shall be deposed by the President. If at any time any manager is deposed for any reason, it shall be the duty of the President of the League to assign a player from the team, to act as manager, until the members of the club shall elect a new manager.   If any player shall refuse to play any position to which his manager shall assign him, or shall in any way work against his own team, such manager shall suspend such ·player; and said player can appeal to the President in writing within two days, and it shall then be the duty of the President to call a meeting of the managers to act on such appeal from suspension. Any player who is sick, suspended, or for any reason not able to play, shall stay in his cell until such disability is removed. Any player who shall be ordered from any game by an umpire, shall for the first offense be suspended for one week, for the second offense, one month, and for the third offense for the balance of the season. All umpires shall be under the direct supervision of the President. Any manager or umpire who desires to resign his position, can not resign until he has given the President at least one week's notice of such resignation. Any manager or umpire who resigns without giving such notice to the President, shall   suffer the same punishment as a suspended player.   The above rules or regulations being approved by the Warden, must be obeyed to the letter, and any League Officer who shall neglect to enforce these regulations, will answer to the Warden, and will be prohibited from witnessing or playing any games at his discretion.




