---
title: Books Worth Reading
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 3
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Books Worth Reading       "Friendship is a plant that loves the sun"      The following books are to be found in the Prison Library. Yon may select any from the following titles, and be certain of meeting some new and delightful friend. The characters are worth knowing.   "The Guf'st of Quesnay. " This story opens in Paris, where a young American is leading a life which is rapidly gaining him one of the most unsavory reputations on the continent. A friend believes that the man may retrieve his past, and by most astonishing methods begins the process of restoration.   "My Mamie Rose." This autobiography is a powerful book of love and sociology,reads like the strongest fiction, is the strongest truth, and deals with the story of a man ' s redemption through a woman's love and devotion. Do not fail to read this book.   "The House of a Thousand Candles." This is a novel of romance and adventure, of love and valor, of mystery and hidden treasure. The hero is required spend a whole year in the isolated house, which according to his grandfather's will shall then become his. If the terms of the will be violated, the goes house to a young woman whom the will, furthermore, forbids him to marry. Nobody can guess the secret, and the whole plot moves along with an exciting zip.   "The Pit." A story of Chicago. This powerful novel is the fictitious narrative of a deal in the Chicago wheat pit, and bolds the readers from the beginning. In a masterly way the author bas grasped the essential spirit of the great city by the lakes. The social existence, the gambling in stocks and produce, the characteristic life in Chicago, form a background for an exceedingly vigorous and human tale of modern life and love.   
