---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 3
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
We notice that the preparations for the opening of the Base Ball season go on apace, and the various teams are beginning to shape well for the initial onslaught. Several of the old warriors are to be seen on the field practicing, and we view with much satisfaction their changing and mixing with different teams. Ban -J, Ollie, and Wagner are going with the Library, which should add considerably to their chances, and make them a team to be feared and respected.   The Plasterer' s destinies will be vested in that well-known and zealous hero, "Davey," who needs no boost from us to proclaim him “incomparable." He will be supported by several of his old and trusted prodigies of last year, who will demonstrate that once ball player always the same. Little Dick, Harry, Stump, and that redoubtable old horse "Curly," will be amongst his supporters.   Our worthy Editor, we note is going to direct the guns of the old "Death or Glory" Ninth, and with the powerful contingent that he will have at his command, we have not the slightest doubt but that he will render a good account of his stewardship.       Most men are happiest while hustling! The rust of idleness is what breeds the   microbe of misery in a man's mind, but a busy man even forgets his dyspepsia and his debts.       Push! If you can't push, pull-If you can't pull, please get out of the way and give another fellow a chance.      


