---
title: Local Squibs
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 3
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LOCAL SQUIBS    April showers.       The Orchestra gave a concert on the Twelfth Block Saturday evening.       FOR SALE—One Goat. Inquire to J. Dick, Tower, mornings only.       Overseer Dutton wears a broad smile these days. Some say he has already ordered the flag.       The boys in the Wash House will be glad to learn that Overseer Tucker is on the road to recovery after a long illness.       “Whitey” doesn’t believe in advertising, having received no reply as yet from his ad. in last week’s Umpire.       Lefty o’ the Ninth Block Team, has been nursing a strained thumb. Hello, Lefty, hope you'll be in good shape when the season opens.       Mr. Jordan, our esteemed Postmaster, has written to President Wilson, commending him for his stand against the Trusts. He says they are carrying things too far—he can’t get trust anywhere now days.    Question.—Does the Umpire pay anyone for contributions ?—J.    Answer.—No, Jingles; but when anything contributed especially pleases the Editor, he may send you an extra copy of the Umpire.    Managers of the various teams are instructed that in all league games, ten minutes before play ball is called by the umpire, they must furnish to the official scorer, the number, fielding position, and batting position of each player, otherwise their records will not figure in the official averages of the league. If a manager so desires, he can have a score keeper of his own, but in the event of any disagreement or confusion, as to the number of runs scored, the official scorer’s tally shall be final. Umpires are advised in case of doubt, as to the number of balls or strikes called, to refer to the official score and accept his tally. 

