---
title: Our Stenographer
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 3
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Our Stenographer       Mr. Flora, our stenographer---came to work today,   And told us he had learned the Graham system.   Two hundred words a minute seemed to him, he said like play   And word for word at that---he'd never missed 'em!   Mr. Kratz, gave some dictation---a letter to a man,   And this, as I recall it was how the letter ran:   "Dear Sir: I have your favor, and in reply would state   That I accept the offer in yours of recent date.   I wish to say, however, that under no condition   Can I afford to think of your free lance proposition.   I shall begin tomorrow to turn the matter out,   The copy will be ready by August 10th about.   Material of this nature should not be rushed unduly.   Thanking you for your favor, I am yours very truly."    He took it down in shorthand with apparent ease and grace.   And didn't hurry back, all in a flurry,   "At last," thought Mr. Kratz, "Flora's struck his natural gait;"   Then said, "Now write it out---you needn't hurry.·,   The Remington he tackled---now and then he struck a key,   And after thirty minu+.es, Mr . Kratz began to read:   " Dear Sir, I have the Fever, and in a Pile I Sit   And I except the Offer as you Have reasoned it,   I wish to see however That under any condition   Can I for to Think of a free lunch preposishun?   I shall be in tomorrow To, turn the mother out,   The cap will be read and Will cost $10 about Mateerul of this nation should not rust N.   Dooley   Thinking you have the Feever I am yours   very Truly."   




