---
---
title: Gathered in Passing
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 3
day: 2
tags: null
layout: page.njk
image: null
---
Gathered in PassingWe are threatened with the loss of a subscription because we are neglecting Blink, the pressman; and this in spite of the fact that we have sent out a, splendid colored portrait of him. Verily. it is hard to satisfy everyone in this world.Certain it is, that every man who does not benefit the world by living will benefit it by dying. Don't spend your life regretting the past, complaining of the present, and indulging in false hopes of tile future. Get busy and create something useful, or do something useful, or say something useful.Population is increasing faster than is production. Many people eat who do not work. The cities are overcrowded, and the farms are under-worked. We are using luxuries, and but few of us are producing necessities. Many are playing phonographs and pianolas, and riding autos and motorcycles, and few are growing vegetables, raising cattle, and making clothes. Is it any wonder that prices are so high all over the world.
---
Gathered in PassingWe are threatened with the loss of a subscription because we are neglecting Blink, the pressman; and this in spite of the fact that we have sent out a, splendid colored portrait of him. Verily. it is hard to satisfy everyone in this world.Certain it is, that every man who does not benefit the world by living will benefit it by dying. Don't spend your life regretting the past, complaining of the present, and indulging in false hopes of tile future. Get busy and create something useful, or do something useful, or say something useful.Population is increasing faster than is production. Many people eat who do not work. The cities are overcrowded, and the farms are under-worked. We are using luxuries, and but few of us are producing necessities. Many are playing phonographs and pianolas, and riding autos and motorcycles, and few are growing vegetables, raising cattle, and making clothes. Is it any wonder that prices are so high all over the world.

