---
title: Ninth vs. Library
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 6
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Ninth vs. Library      APRIL 18   That much talked about game was played today, between the Library and the Ninth. The weather was ideal, and everyone who could get away was on hand to watch the contest. The batteries, were Ban and Andy, for the Library against Longie and Slick of the 9th.   Tim, the first up, waited and walked. Rube hit safe. Slick out to Eggie. Jack struck out, but got to first on Andy's muff of the third strike, Lefty hit safe, and Longie struck out Lefty's hit score   the first run, and a wild throw to home let another run in, making two runs.   The Library failed to tally. In this inning, Whitey hit for three bases, but was left on third. In the second, Bobbie walked, and came home on a wild throw. Ollie made a good catch of Tim's long foul. Rube hit again, and was safe. Cap hit the longest swat of the year, for a homer, bringing in Rube. Slick out at first-3 runs. The Library went out 1-2-3 order, Longie had great control and plenty of speed. Third inning, and two more were added to the Ninth's score, but again the Library bit the dust. Neither side scored again till the sixth, when the Library started to rally, but could only get one single tally. Andy got to first, stole second, got to third on a balk, and came home on Eggie' s single.   The game was well played, even though the score was not very evenly balanced Ollie , of the Library, made two catches out in the field, that won him applause from the crowd. Ban, the pitcher, also   showed up good, as did Eggie, the second baseman. The team work of the Ninth was bard to bat. Longie and Slick, are certainly a great pair, and nothing can be said against their work. Cap got in the game with a broken finger, and played real ball from start to finish. Ria home-run was a beauty, and in the sixth, be hit again for a single with such force, as to break the bat in half. Mike, the Library short stop got rattled at this and fielded the broken piece of the bat which came in his territory. "Well we hope for a better result on Tuesday," said Poet, manager of the Book lovers, as he wended his way sorrowfully toward the Block on which he studies out his intricate dope. Final score 7-1 favor the Ninth. Umpire Mr. Rabbie, who is improving some.   

