---
title: Cubs Win the First Game From the Band
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 6
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS WIN THE FIRST GAME FROM THE BAND    April 18    After the cessation of play for a whole week, caused by the inclemency of the weather, the teams again arrayed themselves to do battle.    The above teams played a rather uninteresting game, and it was easy to see that the players were off colors. Both the pitchers are good men but they complained of stiffness, and consequently the pitching was not of the first water. Also there were several quite avoidable errors, which as the season advances we are sure will be eliminated.    Herb told us that he was off some, today, but he means to make things hum before the temperature becomes tropical. We append the most conspicuous plays:—    First inning: Joe walked, stole second and third, and scored on Freddie’s hit, who was doubled by Larry.    Second inning; Herb walked, stole second and third, and scored on Ralph’s hit, Alfred walked, stole second and third, and scored on a fumbled bail.    Fourth inning; Frank passed, stole second and third, and scored on Charley hit. Jordon singled, stole second and third and both men scored on Freddie’s hit, who faded later.    Fifth inning; Herb singled, stole second and third, Mike passed to first, and Josh made a smart double play. By the way, keep quiet Josh, yon make too much noise, it make us tired and people don’t care for it.    While we wish this really industrious team all the very best of luck, and are quite satisfied it will attend them if they persevere, we must state that on this occasion there is little to report.    In the fourth inning, Josh came very near scoring, but was unfortunately sandwiched between third and the plate.    Go to it Band! and let “Nil desperandum” be your war cry, and we exhort the rooters to attend you closely.    The score at the close was 6—0 in favor the Cubs. Incidentally we observed that the Band had three men on bases when the whistle blew. 
