---
title: Ninth vs Cubs
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 6
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH vs CUBS    April 17    After a week of enforced idleness, due to the rain, the Cubs again faced the Ninth, and for the third time went down to defeat. The weather was perfect, and a large crowd was in attendance, including two entire Blocks. From the Ninth’s standpoint, the game was nearly perfect; Jack and Slick, the battery, doing excellent work. The Cubs pitcher and catcher also performed well, but had very poor support in the field.    Neither side scored in the first. In the second, Jack and Lefty scored on sacrifice hits by Yeap and Sam. In the third, Tim hit for two bases, but was out stealing home. Brownie hit safe, stole second and third, and came in on Slick’s sacrifice. The Cubs failed to score, Marty dying on third, after making a two base hit. In the fourth, the Ninth made another tally, Yeap coming home on a sacrifice hit by Augie.    In the fifth, the Ninth got five runs off of Kirkie, after two men were out. And in the last, scored another run. The Cubs could get but three or four men to first during the whole game, due to the splendid pitching of Jack, and the good teamwork behind him.    The umpire’s decision in the fifth, on Joe going to second, was very close; he looked safe. Final Score 10-0.       NINTH BLOCK CUBS 2B hits. 5762; 2331; 4997, (2). Sacrifice hits 5904. Struck out by 4997, 7. By 5242,1. Earned runs, Ninth Block 5 Base on balls off 4997, 1, off 5242, 5. Stolen bases, 5904, 4997, 6031, 6193. Left on bases, Ninth Block, 3. Cubs, 1. Umpires 4265, Murph. 


