---
title: Weak Batters
author: Rocky
issue: 30
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 7
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WEAK BATTERS    I watched the game between the Cubs and Band, Tuesday, I particularly noticed that several members of both teams were very weak hitters. No ball player is in demand when it is plainly seen that, as he nobly stands up to the plate, watching the pitcher get ready to put one over, he deliberately pulls away from the plate, the instant the pitcher lets the ball go. In order to hit a pitched ball, it is necessary to keep the eye on the ball until it crosses the plate. Courageous batters, when they hit the ball, see it come in contact with the bat. A good batter will step up on the ball to nip any break in it, if he can. A good eye can pick out the curve, long before the ball breaks into its curve, An outcurve, for a right-handed batter, means that the ball, on its journey to the plate, will revolve to the left, and when the momentum loses its force, the ball will describe the so-called out-curve. An in-curve revolves the opposite way. Watch the ball, and bear in mind that the pitcher never hits a batter intentionally. A batter and pitcher always try to outguess each other. Any batter who steps out of alignment with the ball Keep your eye on the ball and jump at it at the psychological instant, and you will be doing just what all good batters do. Managers should force their weak hitters to practice at hitting a ball that is merely lobbed over, then increase the speed until they overcome the weakness of turning tail on a pitched ball. The batters in question seem to be momentarily overcome with fear or nervousness. No matter how spectacular a fielder may be, all scouts pass him up if he turns tail at the bat. Suppose the ball does hit you? —Rocky. 


