---
title: Library Lose Out
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 8
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LIBRARY LOSE OUT    One of the Most Interesting Games ~ of the Season Pulled Off The Bear-cats beat the Students 4-2. Curley again pitched championship ball. His new cream ball is a peach. Dave drove a dandy homer in the first. In the fourth, Jim hit and scored on Felix’s furious fumigatory home run. Curly hit. In the seventh, the ‘‘ new player’ hit a home run. Toney hit hard, but was unfortunate. Dave picked thrown ball off wall at third. A wild throw allowed one soph. to score. Fielding was first class. Three home runs off Yellow beat Librarians, otherwise, Yellow used a cannon ball to good effect. hit made only five off Yellow. For Students, Andy stung one for a homerun. Beef Trust hit, and scored on Harry’s wild throw to second. Ollie and Big Whitey each hit. 4 hits off Curley. A sizzling game. Once before T said, that the Student’s will bear watching. Fast fielding on both sides kept the crowd in good humor. All managers and players enrolled in this league, should not forget that the commission laid down certain restrictive rules, in regard to unfieldable hitting. A hit to the roof goes for three Stump’s ‘bases only. A hit into a yard goes for two bases. An agreement between managers, does not invalidate rules formulated by the Commission. Both sides in this game gained on questionable home runs, and, for that reason, protestation is useless. The game stands as played. In future, rules must be observed.—R.

