---
title: Plasterers vs Cubs
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 8
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTERERS vs CUBS    April 30    A great game was cooked, dished, and served up all piping hot today, by the Cubs to the Plasterers. They gave them a good run for their money, and so closely did they hang on to each other, that it was impossible to determine, with any certainty, which team would be returned the winner until the whistle sounded. Again Dave had to keep his eyes open, and have all his wits about him; and ~ it was easy to see that he realizes he must not lose one game to any of the minor teams, if he entertains any hope of winning the coveted trophy. Everybody on the field enjoyed every moment of the time the game was in progress, including our worthy league president, who we could observe was out to encourage the weaker teams. His policy is the right one, and we hope ere long to see the fans go his way also. The loss of balls was disastrous, and we heard Curly casually remark, that it would be necessary to have a millionaire on their staff if, this state of affairs continued. Fifteen balls were lost today. Our special attention was drawn to the Umpire ‘John Henry’’. He sure is the right man in the right place; no kick or protest of any kind ruffles his genial disposition, for he exercises his own judgment, is governed by that alone, and allows nothing else to influence his decision. He is the personification of good humor and good temper, and by this he commands the respect of the community. Tony pitched for the Plasterers, and held his own down well; Kidney officiated for the Cubs and did likewise; and by the way, this is the young fellow to whom we drew attention in last week’s Umpire, when we remarked that ‘‘we noticed in particular one player, who was coming to the front by leaps and bounds,’’ his name was unfortunately omitted on that occasion. Our friend Herb, for the Cubs, started the ball rolling with a home run; several excellent plays were made It is with the greatest pleasure that we are able to record the continued splendid behavior of all parties concerned in the games, and we are perfectly satisfied in our own mind that the Warden’s confidence in the men was not misplaced. It is most agreeable to notice them standing around in groups watching the games, and discussing various topics of interest, in a rational and most sensible spirit.       
