---
title: "Ninth and S. Shed: Ninth Certainly had to Play Ball to Win from the Stocking Shed"
author: Henry
issue: 7
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 8
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH and S. SHED    Ninth Certainly had to Play Ball to Win from the Stocking Shed    History repeated itself today in the above game which produced one of the most exciting duels from start to finish, that has been witnessed in this university this season. Last week the Stocking shed handled the Plasterers with a rough and relentless hand, and today they gave the Ninth the most severe grueling they have had this season. So strongly was the game contested, that up to the Seventh inning the score was 2-—2 ; at the conclusion of the next inning, the Stocking shed had forged to the front with such a dash, that they held a clear lead of three runs, and at this stage the old Ninth began to hand out signals of distress, inasmuch that Slick suggested to Jack to walk all the rest with a view of killing time. However, they rallied again, and the traditional luck, which has so many times previous to this attended them, came again to their rescue, and enabled them to scramble home with the score 7—5 in their favor. We feel constrained to state, that if the whistle had sounded promptly as the clock struck five, the game would have resulted in a tie. By this, we do not wish it to be construed that the Ninth’s foxy manager is in collusion with the chief of the siren, even though he absent from the game. Several home runs were made, and altogether the play was of the first water. Jack pitched a fine game, and the only word we find to describe the dexterous way in which Tommy handled the sphere is —superb—. It will be remembered that our correspondent in last week’s Umpire, stamped him as a sure comer. About the Ninth’s qualifications, no words of ours are needed, and with regard to the composition of Stewart’s team, there is very little to say, because they demonstrated today that they area dangerous lot to fool with. ee INT BLOCK es cc..s:. OOT OO Ow Stocking Shed........ 000000 2 3


