---
title: Band Beaten by Library
author: Rocky
issue: 7
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 8
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BAND BEATEN BY LIBRARY    April 30    The measure of the Band team was decisively taken by the hard hitting Library team. Yellow was in the points, and had a baffling out-curve that the Bandits could not solve, and that tells the whole story; if to it is added some ragged fielding. Up to the beginning of the fifth inning, the Band boys only got one hit. In the fifth, Big Six, as the Warden came through the gate, swung and put the home run label on one of Yellow’s straight ones. That was their only score. Beef Trust caught a perfect game, and kept his infield steady. Jack, the Port sider, pitched for the Band, but kept his stuff in his cell. He was hit hard and consistently. Dave, his receiver, had the double task of steadying the pitcher and infield. He tried hard, and that is all we can ask of any man. First and third sacks were well protected by two bunglers. This was a bad feature: Jack, the Portsider, failed to run out his hit, in the fifth. It might have been the start of a rally. One never can tell what will happen in baseball. Hard hitting garnered ten runs for the students Two runs in the first on hits and misplays. In the second, Yellow hit for a double, and the fight was on. And, upon my word, it was fun to see him run to third; his chest a-heave with a great elation. Louie’s hard hitting featured the game. Two doubles and a single marked his portion. Eggie was Louie’s rival with willow. Yellow got two doubles, also. Williams hammered out a stinging triple. Many others hit well. Poet beat out a pretty bunt. The Students will bear watching. The game lacked fielding features. Why prolong the agony ?       the Hes oaeaitsyieoetsastan ceria - ac: 10224 1—10 Cte cuore ames 000010—1 —Rocky 

