---
title: Cubs Lose to Ninth
author: Timmy
issue: 14
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 9
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS LOSE TO NINTH    Cubs Made the Ninth Play to Win, and Put Up a Very Strong Game    The Cubs journeyed over to the Ninth Block on Monday, with the determination to do or die—they died; but they did not pass away quietly. Up to the fifth or sixth inning they were too lively for the Ninth. When the Cubs arrived on the field, the Ninth thought a mistake had been made, as quite a few of the Cubs’ players were on the Stocking Shed last week. Tommy, who pitched for the Cubs, has tried to beat the Ninth three times this season, and each time with a different team. Changes were rife. The Cubs were changed, and after playing four or five innings, one of the Cubs hit a ball in a cell on the first block, and the Ninth found that the rules had been changed, allowing the batter a home run. The umpire, Rabbi, had changed his shirt, and during the game he changed his mind and called a Ninth Block player out on a foul, thinking it was a strike. As we mentioned above, Tommy was on the mound, and pitched very good ball. In the first inning the Ninth put a couple of runs over on some freak fielding by the Cubs. The Cubs got one when Butt hit one of Longie’s shoots over the roof for a home run. Longie was in the box for the Ninth, and was invincible, holding the Cubs by the back of the neck, and giving them no chance to use their teeth. He also contributed two hits, one of which was a home run. The Cubs got their second run, when Tommy hit on the first block roof, and the ball bounded into an open skylight for a home run. Slick made a clever steal home. In the last inning, When Freddie threw the ball to Stewart, Slick started home. The players hollered to Stewart, but he turned to the left, and Slick went by him on his right and slid into the plate. The hitting was rather weak on both sides, Longie’s home run with Slick and Rube’s two baggers, and Wade's single was about all the Ninth could get. ‘The Cubs got but two hits, both homers, but one was of the freak variety. Bobby and Jack for the Ninth fielded well, as did Tommy and Charlie, the first baseman of the Cubs. Final score was 7—2. —Timmy 
