---
title: Stocking Shed vs Cubs
author: Henry
issue: 14
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 9
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
STOCKING SHED vs CUBS    May 8    The Stocking Shed turned the tables on the Cubs today, in a well-played game. Although the Cubs lost, there is nothing about which to reproach them, and like all other teams, they have their off days and this undoubtedly was one of them, and it told the tale. Herb pitched for the Cubs, and it was very apparent that his arm was sore, because he was in nothing like his usual form; but he will come again, never fear. We observe that Freddie, the catcher, is always on the job, and an ardent ball player from start to finish. The Stocking Shed was ably represented on the hill by its manager Stewart, who did all that could be expected of him. Also it is with pleasure that we record the smart playing of our interesting and untiring friend Duckey, who was much in evidence today playing shortstop, and to whom we desire to pay a glowing tribute. He was severely on the alert, and besides many exceptionally good plays, he put the whole side out, in one inning. No ball was to swift for him, and his eagle eye was never more keen than to-day. It is impossible in this, or in any one issue of the Umpire to compliment all the players who deserve recognition equally as much as Duckey, but we assure thein that nothing escapes the notice of our ‘‘man on the spot,’’ and that they will come into their’ own in due course. The result was 7—1 favor of the Stocking Shed. —Henry 

