---
title: Ninth vs Officers: In Which the Warden and His Co-Workers Take Prominent Parts
author: Rocky
issue: 21
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 10
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH vs OFFICERS   In which the Warden and His Coworkers Take Prominent Parts    An interesting exhibition game, yes, very interesting, was played by Ninth and Jingle’s picked team. I’m in a quandary as to how I can straighten out this funny muddle. Oh! I have it! Home runs: Yeap; triples: Wade and Butler. Two-base hits: Jack, Lefty, Timmie, Slick, Brownie (2), Longie, Jimmie, Warden. Singles Lefty (2) Slick, Yeap (2), Jack, Warden, Flohr, Jimmie, Jingles. Count ’em. Timmie pitched for Ninth. and used a pretty out-curve with telling effect. He was well supported. Butler pitched three innings and retired. ‘Then the Warden strode to the ‘mound, to try and turn seeming defeat into victory. As he wound up to hurl his famous slow-ball, rumors flew thick and fast, that he sold the game, long before it was scheduled. A full report will be published on its receipt. Weare sure that the greatest scandal in baseball will be uncovered. Des Moines Ike will render his services. Flohr, by his poor support, will be indicted as an accessory after the fact. No wonder Gallinger clamors for a probe into the baseball trust. Congress will take the batter up now. Only a stenographer could have jotted down the game in detail. The High-brows would have won, if they could have added 10 more runs to the three they earned. Final score 12-8, favor Ninth. —Rocky.       Don’t wear hat and shoes in bed.       Don’t tip your cap for slight applause. 
