---
title: "Library Beat Ninth: The Library Outplayed the Ninth, Owing to Their Errors"
author: Timmy
issue: 21
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 10
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LIBRARY BEAT NINTH    The Library Outplayed the Ninth, Owing to Their Errors    A finely played game was marred, by the stalling resorted to by the Library players. ‘They had the Ninth beaten from the first inning, and it only takes the credit that rightfully belongs to the Library away from them. The unfairness of the spectators was manifested at this game, by urging the Library team to continue stalling; even the umpire was lukewarm in trying to stop it, in fact he did not stop it. However, the Ninth have no one to blame but themselves. They had three different chances to tie the score, but each batter tried to make a home run, and, of course, struck out. The Library made but two hits off of Bill; a home run by Ban, and Mike’s single, Their two other runs were due to errors after two hands were out. Four hits were made off Yellow—three two baggers and a single. He had them breaking their necks after a high ball, trying to put it over the roof. Cap. made two two baggers, and reached third each time with none out, and had to stand there looking at the next three batters trying to make a home run. Slick also made a two bagger, and scored on Cap’s. two bagger. The Ninth may be a very good team, but they will never win many games unless they put aside their individual batting records, and play more together. — Timmy 


