---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 21
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 10
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
As the baseball season is now well advanced, and everything seems to be going smoothly, we think it is time to step out, and let those who are actively engaged in playing the game, manage the affairs of the League as they deem best. We have found, like a great many before have done, that you cannot serve two masters; one, if not both of them are bound to suffer. So from now on, the Umpire cannot be charged with being affiliated with any one team, and we will try to do justice to all. We will not be responsible for any of the rules or actions of the players while playing, or in any way connected with the management of the League, only so far as the encouraging of good, and the condemning of the bad, and that only from our point of view. We will try to be fair to all and partial to none, and the spotlight of publicity will be thrown on everyone, from the president down to the sub-player, We believe it advisable at this time to have you bear in mind, that the Warden and the officers are all readers of the Umpire, and tho’ Tom, Bill and Dick may only be mentioned, there are very few, if any, that the Warden is not aware who the party is we mention. Those who are looking forward to being released at some future date, should bear in mind that their conduct on the ball field, will be considered the same as in the shop or cell; and in conclusion, to quote Rocky, ‘“Beware of the dog”’       When Chee Chaw is released on parole next week, at his request the band will play, ‘‘I Don’t Care If You Never Come Back.”’       Next week’s series between the Ninth and Plasterers, will decide the first half of the season.       A certain party said, “Give the underdog a chance.’’? Well, I’ve been barking incessantly. Call no man a liar, if he is big and husky.      Slick would create a sensation in Cuba. 
