---
title: Cubs vs Ninth
author: Unknown
issue: 21
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 10
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS vs NINTH    One of the most deliberate and intentional efforts to injure a player, was displayed by Tommy, the Cubs’ pitcher, in Friday’s game. With a man on third, the batter bunted and started for first. The short-stop fielded the ball clean, and threw it home, forcing the runner at the plate. Tommy had nothing to do with the ball at all; he was not anywhere near the play, but when the runner was running to first, he deliberately steps in front of him, braced himself and threw the runner on his back. This sounds pretty strong, but nevertheless true; he knows it’s true; and he knows that we know it’s true. This is the second time this gentleman has done this same trick in the last three weeks. ‘The man who plays ball in that frame of mind, should not be allowed to witness the games, let alone play them. So let him take heed; for he is likely to receive a taste of his own medicine. The game itself was never in doubt, the Ninth hit Tommy at will. He was hit harder than the score indicates, but excellent fielding by his teammates kept the score down. Jor, at third, was especially brilliant, making some wonderful stops at that bag. Longie ‘held the Cubs hitless, but three men getting on base, and they received free transportation, and only one of these reached third. The Cubs did not hit a ball as far as second base. Of course, the weather aided both pitchers considerably, as the dark clouds made it hard to see the ball. Yeap led with the stick, getting a home run and a single. Cap came through with a home run also. Ninth. Score 6—0 favor 


