---
title: Cubs vs Ninth
author: Rocky
issue: 21
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 10
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS vs NINTH Spectators saw a pitchers battle that had whiskers on. It was Tommy, Cubs, and Yeap, Ninth. Cubs got five hits off the latter. Tommy dished up four hits. This game fairly oozed ginger. It was the kind of a game that grandpa tells the little ones who gather round him. The heavy hitting champions were as putty in the hands of Tommy. With great support of his teammates, Tommy had the distinction, and was instrumental in pulling the Ninth from the front seat. He was the quintessence of coolness when runners were on the bases. Betts was the only Cub to hit until the fourth inning, when Freddie straightened out one of Yeap’s left handed outcries for a home-run. In sixth, Tommy hit one a mile over domiciles, but Lefty’s sensational catch made it worthless. Freddy followed with another screamer that Lefty, by good fielding, only stood for a double. Butler and Jor’s hits brought the score up to 4. That proved to be enough. In seventh, Longie stepped into the breach, and mowed down the remaining nine. He cut loose some Walter Johnsonese stuff that was almost invisible, but it was too late. The Ninth fielded just as snappy as the Cubs. I should have said the Cubs fielded as well as Ninth did. Jack played first in style. One run for Ninth, when Slick put the “K. O.’’ on one of Tommy’s fast ones. Longie hit safe in same inning. No more hitting until the seventh, when Cap tore off a triple and scored on Jack’s sizzling hit. Rube batted for Wade without avail. Batting work of both teams first class. Everybody played good ball. Tommy and Freddie have a natural free hitting style, that other batters should emulate. Denver Eddie’s umpiring was of major league quality His assistant fell asleep at the switch several times. Keep up the good work, Cubs, and the two top teams will not always make a running race to the gonpalon. Keep jt up and force their weight to bring them back to you. —Rocky. Two of the best league players, will be released in the near future. Ain’t it a shame! 
