---
title: Plasterers vs Band
author: Henry
issue: 21
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 10
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTERERS vs BAND    Mankind is fickle, and after witnessing today’s game between the above teams none other than those persons who from personal experience can bear testimony to the fact, that certain players in the league, at times when they feel disposed, play mean tricks and shabby ball, would believe it possible. Not one ripple of discontent appeared upon the ocean of good humor, and all went glimmering as merry as wedding bells. Both teams put up a good game, but the Plasterers were not content by winning the game by a decent margin, for from all appearances they were out for stern athletics and on annihilation intent. The Band opened the ball with two runs in the second inning, but they were unable to pile up any more runs, whereas the Plasterers’ score ran into the teens, and unmercifully did they jab the sphere. Like several other teams, the Band is sadly in want of pitchers, although to do him justice, Herman tried his best, and put up a good battle. We noticed Dave’s recent acquisition, (6445), who bids fair to become a player of some note, make a first rate catch of an outfield fly, and a hit and run in professional style. Curly pitched in his usual form, and incidentally we observed old time friend Ollie, whiff the air thrice in as many innings, and cause much amusement. We are inclined to think that he judged himself to be somewhat harshly treated, but as a matter of fact the ball cleft the plate every time, and when we state, that our famous and impartial umpire ‘‘The Rabbi’ was officiating behind the bat, then everybody has a right to infer, and it should go without saying, that it represented a square deal all round. Several boundary licks were made, and altogether a very pleasant hour was enjoyed. — Henry: 


