---
title: "Cubs Beat Library: In a Very Fine Game that Was Not Marred by Arguments"
author: Henry
issue: 28
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 11
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Cubs Beat Library    In a Very Fine Game that Was Not Marred by Arguments   Monday May 26   There seems to be no reason to doubt that certain teams are beginning to lose heart and have abandoned all hopes of getting into the front rank of our Baseball League, inasmuch as, when an interesting game is in progress on some other grounds, their lineup is quickly decimated. The Library ranks were hopelessly depletely today, which left them entirely at the mercy of the Cubs, who used their strongest line up and literally wiped the earth up with, and annihilated them, which brought about an ignominious shut out. Pomp was quite off color, and discouraged, and little wonder at it, because he knew that his support was absent; lounging about and basking in the sunshine at the Ninth and Plasterer’s game. The Cubs took advantage of the situation and waged the battle fast and furious. Herb and Freddy scored in 1st inning; latter Woody got to third as did Freddy and both faded; Bett’s scored on third baseman’s error; Charley scored on Batlers two bagger, who was caught stealing third; Woody made a boundary luck; Betts hit two bagger and scored on error and in the last inning Herb and Freddy by tremendous dashes, clinched the issue by adding two more runs to the score. Tommy pitched and incidentally we ‘observed him hit four men. The Library, had plenty of hits and as a matter of fact got many bases, and on two occasions when three men were on base and one out, the anxiously looked for hit did not materialize. In the fourth Jimmy passed and was caught stealing by Freddie’s lightening catch, and throw to third. Beef Trust ‘converted himself on occasion into a most luscious sandwich between third and Home. It is hoped on Wednesday, to see the Library atone for today’s most distressing and severe defeat. —Henry. 

