---
title: "Tail Enders Tie: Band and the Stocking Shed Play Lively Ball"
author: Mitch
issue: 28
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 11
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TAIL ENDERS TIE Band and the Stocking Shed Play Lively Ball The Band tuned up to high C Monday afternoon in its contest with Stock-Shed, and it was only for the lack of a “‘pinch”’ batter in their last of the sixth, that prevented victory from perching on their big bass viol. As it was they succeeded in making it a tie game. The Stocking Shed used two southpaw artists on the slab, in the persons of Spitz and Floyd whose erratic curves were handled by Harry, while Owens and Larry were in the Band box, and with the exception of the second inning did creditable work. In the first, Harry for the Shed, was given his base, stole second and third, coming home on Billies hit. Josh was the only man to reach‘ third, where he died, for the Band. Then the Shed woke up and Owens blew up. Fingers, Bob, Spitz and Harry, banging out 3 two baggers, and 1 triple, netting 3 runs, before they tired. Spitz then grew wild, giving Johnson and the Poet a little walk, which only terminated at the plate when Owens whacked a hit for two bags, but who was caught stealing third. In the fifth, the boys from the Shed landed three hits, but failed to score. Then Owens of the Band walked and Josh running for him, stole second and third, coming in on Johnson’s single. The latter stole second and in attempting to make third on Julius’ single, both were out on a double play. Fingers belted out a two bagger in the sixth, stole third and raced home on Floyd’s hit. Score now stood 5—3 in favor of the Shed and then the Band played. With two down, the Poet got in a single, stole the next two bases, and brought up at the plate by Slim’s hit, who also scored by Owens’ single. Josh who was running for the latter had stolen around to third and only needed a little hit to come home with the bacon. But the next man up was not equal to the occasion and poor Josh was left gasping at third with the score 5—5. Mitch. 
