---
title: Stocking Shed Tie Plasterers
author: Henry
issue: 28
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 11
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
STOCKING SHED TIE PLASTERERS    May 28   Coals to the right of them, coals to the left of them, coals in front of them; coals those eternal coals. This was the cause of the above game being delayed for fully 15 minutes, and it was actually 4:20 before the game got fairly under way. We confess we thought then, that it would be better to postpone the game. On account of these continual interruptions by coal-wagons, not the slightest interest seemed to be displayed by either team, and incidentally we noticed our Harry who, to while away a little time, was entertaining a few of his friends with a little comic opera. Ollie and Alec were indulging in a friendly bout of wrestling, and from general appearances, the whole concourse was bent on diversion rather than strict baseball. Little did we guess, at this stage, that, very speedily. the game was to assume an entirely different aspect, and that we were in for one of the best games of the season.    For the Plasterers’ Stump made the running, by jabbing the horsehide for a home run and Alec quickly scored on an error. In 3rd inning Stump hit a ball but shot his bolt in trying to make it a triple, and Felix got to 3rd and faded. In the 5th Dave was in sore distress and quickly sent out his famous ‘‘C Q D”’ signal in the very nick of time. It was promptly answered and with their combined effort, in the very last stride managed to catch up and make a tie of it. The credit must go to Alex and Dave who both scored. Ollie got to 3rd and although he made a tremendous bid for victory by a splendid dash for home; he was nabbed at the plate. Curley officiated on the hill in his old time incomparable style, and still remains the wonder of the age. With regards to the Stocking Shed we start right out by handing it to Duckey. He pitched gilt edge ball, and at the finish was literally great. His eye was keener, and his nerve steadier than ever before, and but for the merest chance his team would have won to-days game. Don’t despair Ducky! you are there with the goods, and you have a good team behind you. Nothing transpired for their good until the 4th inning when Bob tripled and scored; Jack got to 3rd but was caught napping. In the 5th they bunched 3 runs which placed them in an enviable position. That consistent little player Spetz, getting home, and Duckey ditto; while Bill walloped a ball for a homerun. At this stage, it appeared a cast iron certainty for Duckey’s team, but they were destined to be disappointed. However, the game ended as we have said, in a tie 4—4, and when they meet again, no one will censure us for saying, go in Duckey and win. Before concluding we wish to point out that it displays very bad taste to assail the scorekeeper as certain of our friends did today. Remember, these men devote their whole time to making analysis and keeping scores, and should be respected. This time we will let the matter pass without mentioning the offenders names, for we are convinced this warning is sufficiently salutary. Lippy umpired in a very able manner, and we exhort him to keep himself under control at all times under any trying circumstances that may arise. —Henry.       Wrangling must stop !! 


