---
title: Reaping Rewards for Resolutions
author: Unknown
issue: 28
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 11
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
REAPING REWARDS FOR RESOLUTIONS    Do you Remember That Old Story about Robert Bruce and the Spider? Robert was Hiding in a Cave. His Enemies Had Him ‘‘ In The Hole,’’ Temporarily, So to Speak, As It Were. While Reflecting on the Rocky Road to Royalty, Robert the Bruce Espied a Spider Spinning His Web Over the Entrance to the Cavern. Nine Times Did the Spider Swing Across the Opening in a Vain Attempt to Effect a landing, but the Tenth Time he Touched the Home Plate, and Robert, Admiring the Persistence of the Insect, Cried Out Loud — “Bravo,’’ Two or Three Times, One Right After the Other. Shortly After That Bruce Got Busy and Captured a Kingdom. All of This Preamble is Intended to Point a Moral, which is—‘“‘If At First You Don’t Succeed, Slap On More Steam, and Sand the Track.’’ In This Connection I want to Inquire about Your New Year’s Resolutions, and to Ask If You Have Kept the Faith, and If Not—Why Not? I Believe the Pathway to Prosperity is Paved with Good Resolutions. Therefore, let’ Us Resolve, and Keep Resolving until Victory is Perched on our Banners. Remember, You Have Fought Many a Victorious Waterloo that the World Knows Nothing About. The Man who Gets Up every Time He Falls Down Will Some Day Cease to be a ‘Fall Guy” Good Resolutions Will Be Rewarded with Rich Realizations, and It Shall Follow as the Night the Day. The best policy for a newspaper is backbone. 


