---
title: Ninth Outplays Library
author: Mitch
issue: 28
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 11
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH OUTPLAYS LIBRARY    May 23   The game between the Ninth and the Library on Friday afternoon went for five innings and resulted in a victory for the former by the score 7—2. Longie and Slick formed the battery for the Ninth while the Library boys, for a contrast, presented a color scheme in Yellow and White(y). Eddie, all the way from Denver, essayed the difficult task of refereeing the bout. Rube, Ban and Lefty distinguished themselves at the bat, the two former by home runs, and the latter by a three bagger. There was only one little kick coming. It was relative to the status of a blocked ball, which was subsequently allowed, but, the debate was of such length that it consumed the time necessary for full six innings. The event is summarized, without the ‘‘kick.’’ aa For the Library, Jimmy and Mike, both caught at first; Reedy fouled out. Ninth led with a single by Lefty who was driven home by Rube’s two bagger, converted into a home run by a wild throw. Next three men up failed to land. In the second, Whitey of the Library fanned, Ban earned his sobriquet by belting out a well-earned home run and Eggy passed, stole second where he died, as the next two men failed at the bat. In their half, the Ninth, Brownie, fanned, Yeap took first and Wade fouled out; Lefty smashed out a triple, bringing in Yeap and scoring on Slick’s single; Cap. struck out. Jimmy walked, stole second and came home on a passed ball. The other three men struck out. Yellow got in his work in the Ninth’s half when the first three men to face him, retired. Longie retaliated in the next inning when the Librarians emulated the example of their rivals. The first two men of the Ninth never reached first, but Lefty waited and was given his base; then Rube hit out a soul crushing smash for a home run, chasing Lefty in before him. Longie struck out leaving Slick to die at third. In the fifth inning only three men of each team faced the pitchers, and they went out in regular order —Mitch 
