---
title: "Shed Shut Out: One Sided Game Boosts the Ninth’s Percentage"
author: Rocky
issue: 4
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 12
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SHED SHUT OUT    One Sided Game Boosts the Ninth’s Percentage   Big Jack was game enough to make his debut as a pitcher before one of the two hardest hitting teams in the league, and suffered a setback owing to lack of practice. Brownie opened festivities by singling but was caught stealing second. Rube walked and Lefty did the same. ‘Then Cap, with a mighty wallop, cleaned up with a home run. Jack walked and scored on a wild throw after stealing third. In second inning, Brownie and Rube were passed again, and Lefty, a most vicious hitter, sent the sphere sailing skyward, so sudden and far, that it must be going yet. It was another clean up clout for Then Ducky, who would be a winning pitcher behind a hitting team, relieved Jack, who went to second and played the position well. In the third, Brownie walked and scored on Rube’s slashing double. In fourth, Augie walked and scored on Jack's thrilling triple. Longie’s sacrifice bunt scored Jack. The Shed could do nothing with Longy. Spitts was the only one to hit safely, but he died in his tracks. Ducky pitched fine ball, but without hits, no team “can win. Bill and Rube relieved Longy and Augie in the fifth. Home runs, Cap and Lefty; triples, Jack; doubles, Rube. Struck out by Longy, 138; Ducky, 4. Score, Ninth 10, Shed 0. Umpires Lippy and Happy. —Rocky.       Scheduled games will not be played while the new moon keeps cases. 


