---
title: "Plasterers 3 Cubs 2: Brilliant Game Well Contested By Both Teams"
author: Henry
issue: 4
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 12
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTERERS 3 CUBS 2    Brilliant Game Well Contested By Both Teams    The above teams met Tuesday and played the game of their lives. Nobody knows better than Dave and his men, how near they were to defeat. When we say, that we observed the Plasterers exhibiting the white feather in the last inning by crossing the plate in order to hasten the end, it will be seen that they were in despair. From start to finish, the decision was in the balance. It was a splendid game, and volumes could be written about the superb work of all the boys. Hardly an error occurred during the whole conflict, which waged fast and furious, all the time, and kept everybody in suspense till the finish. The Cubs played like true blues, and set a lasting example in not stalling, for one second, by it they sacrificed the game. Thus their defeat was converted into a moral victory. The fight was literally a pitchers battle; Tommy pitching the finest game we ever remember. About his adversary well, Nuf Sed ! or he will tire of our salutations. All sorts of good plays were made, but we must concentrate, At 4.45 the score was 1—1 at 4.55, 2—1 with odds of a million to one against the whelps. For the Plasterers; Felix (2) and Barber’’ scored. Harry, Dave, and Alec also put in some fine work; each being caught at third by Tommy’s stratagem. Frankie’s sacrifice in the last inning decided the game Jordan and Butler executed a fine double play, and Woody did likewise. For the Cubs; Herb gave a splendid performance; scoring in professional style, after making a phenomenal dash and sliding yards. He failed by a hair’s breadth in securing another run, Freddy their clever catcher hit a brilliant three bagger, and scored on Jordan’s hit Result 3-2 in favor of Plasterers.—Henry. 


