---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 4
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 12
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
There was a small news item in these columns last week, noting the kindly act of an unknown young lady in presenting a number of steamer chairs to the inmates of the tuberculosis ward of this institution, and expressing the gratitude of the men so favored. This is only one instance of many thousands of acts of kindness, which are constantly being performed throughout the world by wholehearted, sympathizing men and women. ‘The expression “acts of kindness’’ is used in contradistinction to the word charity, the mere mention of which, jars so unpleasantly upon the ears of many sensitive persons, and really does not convey the real feeling or purposes of those who are but seeking a natural outlet their abundant good nature. The presentation of the chairs was an act of kindness, inspired wholly by a deep sympathy for the afflicted men, and a desire to add to their comfort. The knowledge that she has done so, is the only reward expected by this young lady. So it is, with many, many others. Men who have achieved distinction through the amassing of great wealth, are continually being assailed for their lack of humanity, yet, but few people know of the extent, nor of the number of their kindly acts, for they give according to the Biblical injunction. Carnegie and Rockefeller have each given away nearly $150.000.000, in their efforts to benefit humanity according to their ideas, yet their actions do not meet with favor because the multitude cannot see that as individuals, they are not at once benefitted by so many dollars in pocket. The act of kindness is there nevertheless. for American institutes of learning have been endowed with fabulous sums by thousands of people. The thought uppermost in the minds of the donors being, to plant a seed, a rare new seed in some branch of knowledge, that would fructify and multiply for the perpetual good of all. Maybe not for you and JI, but for our progeny through generations to come. Acts of kindness are not rare. The world is full of them, and it is a pleasure to note that many are seen and heard of within these walls, participated in, alike by both officials and inmates. Don’t be afraid to help the other fellow up. 




