---
title: Some Local Pick-Ups
author: Jingles
issue: 4
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 12
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS    At the Saturday concert on the Twelfth Block, a new pianist made his debut. He demonstrated the fact that he is a complete master of this popular instrument.       The Decoration Day Concert by the E. S. P. Band was composed of several classical and popular selections, capably rendered, and judging from the applause, from both the visitors, and inmates, was highly appreciated.       Mr. Giordano, letter clerk, is back again at his old stand, the Post Office, after a business trip to Scranton. Mr. Joe Smith who accompanied him, remarked that he intends to make several more trips this year, as he likes them.       “Henry,’’ one of the Umpire’s correspondents, claims that he has traveled in a great many different countries, but never had he found peace, and contentment, till he came to this city. ‘My only regret,’’ said Henry, ‘‘is that it cannot last forever.’’       The Ninth Block team lost that old standby, ‘‘Slick’’ by name, and Slick he was behind the bat, He left, Tuesday, and we all wish him well.       In the series against the Ninth, Curly the Plasterer’s pitcher, uncovered his new ball, called The Tango Twist. He claims that it took eight years practice, to perfect this new wonder.       When ‘‘Jack’’ first sacker of the Ninth heard of the tragic end of the famous heavyweight boxer, Luther McCarty, he remarked that although he Jack was a heavyweight, he would in the future, challenge any lightweight in the world. Discretion is the better part of valor.       If the Clerks’ manager could sign a pitcher, a few fielders, and a good first, second and third baseman, also a shortstop to support Connolly the catcher, he would have a pretty good team.          The barbershop on the Ninth presents a very neat appearance this Spring. The proprietor has installed some of the latest up-to-date conveniences, among them being, a human phonograph, a painting in oil, (hair oil) and a thermometer.       This month holds the record for having the longest day in the year, but cheer up, the days are getting shorter.    —Jingles.       


