---
title: Plasterers vs Ninth
author: Henry
issue: 4
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 12
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTERERS vs NINTH   May 28    The Champions clashed today in their second game of the series, and as a brilliant game was anticipated, ‘‘all the world and his wife’’ were in attendance. The expected did not turn up, and the game culminated in a perfect comedy of errors, coupled with very ordinary play. In anticipation of a renewal of the haggling, which has usually characterized the contests between the above teams and has been the cause of reference to their games in Umpire being omitted, three of our best umpires were detailed to attend the game, in order to promptly settle any dispute that might arise. As it happened, nothing untoward occurred to mar the sport, unless it was the really inferior playing of both teams. The game opened with Curly in the box and he commenced with two strike outs. Although he held his own throughout the game, it could be very plainly discerned that he was annoyed and discouraged by the bad support rendered by his fellow teamsmen, and this naturally caused him to become somewhat unsteady as the game progressed. As they are, as a rule, a useful bunch of men, and always work like machinery, we must let today’s game go by the board, and the next one should determine, which is the better of these two teams. The Plasterers managed to save themselves from a shutout, by making one run which was scored by their useful manager. However, we must make some exceptions to the above roast, because Stump played second base exceptionally well, and never made a single break, as did Lefty for the Ninth. Frankie caught a swift ball off the wall very cleverly, but our old acquaintance Harry, who was as usual behind the bat, must have had butter smeared on his fingers before he commenced the game. ‘The Barber, whois generally to be relied upon, was very much off song today at short field, and let balls escape him. The Ninth were in ecstasies from the time they had scored two runs, and took advantage of their opponent’s mistakes. Longie, Cap, The Chef, and Lefty scored; the later twice, once being a circuit, which would not have been scored, if our before mentioned friend’s hand had not been slippery. Jack made a smart double play, and John singled, but was caught very cleverly, stealing, by Stump at second base. Yeap got to third and faded. Longie, from whom we expected better judgment got out on one occasion through bunting the ball when two strikes were on him, and fouled. To the strains of Taps, the game finished with the result 5-1 in favor of Ninth. The final game of this series should produce a great battle, and it is difficult, at this writing, to predict the winner. —Henry. 




