---
title: "Big Time in the Cubs Camp Win Two From Plasterers: Closing Mid-Season Games Arouse Great Interest, Leaders Give Splendid Exhibitions of Ball Playing"
author: Mitch
issue: 11
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 13
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BIG TIME IN THE CUBS CAMP WIN TWO FROM PLASTERERS    Closing Mid-Season Games Arouse Great Interest, Leaders Give Splendid Exhibitions of Ball Playing    June 4   With the game standing 3--3 in the last half of the eighth inning and only two minutes of the hour remaining, Freddie of the Cubs put his whole weight on the bat, smashed out a fly to the south wall and came romping home with the winning run amid a scene of excitement that has not been equaled in any of the games here. It was a magnificent game, abounding in sensational plays and perfect teamwork. Jore for the Cubs played wonderful ball, accepting every chance and making eleven assists. Three times did he make side-running stops of hits that under almost any other player would have been safe, while he was equally as good at the bat; banging out a three base hit, and run in the second. Tommy was hit freely; they were invariably short infield hits, quickly handled and of no avail against Jore and Woody. Every man played bang-up baseball. Curly, the invincible, pitched in his usual good form, but the Cubs found him at the opportune moment and he re. tired in disgust after Freddie hit him for a home run. appearance behind the bat for the Plasterers and ‘‘made good,’’ bringing in the first run of the game. Timmy (No. 2) made a beautiful drive that would have been a “homer” had he not fell at second. As it was he recovered himself quick enough to reach third and was brought home by the Kid's single. Stump made his first) could have been made, and certainly the spectators had a good run for their money What! The only John Henry, and Denver Eddie were the umpires and— did good work. — Mitch. 


