---
title: “And Everybody, Said Quoth He, It was a Famous Victory.”
author: Henry
issue: 11
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 13
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
June 6   “And everybody, said quoth he,” “It was a famous victory.’’    Great! Splendid! Magnificent! Use which you like of these adjectives, apply it to the above game, and you have the whole thing in a nutshell.    Why is the Umpire not larger? Then we could do these two teams justice. Pray, don’t get sore at us boys, if your good plays are sometimes omitted, for our paper is not spacious enough to record, in one issue, the commendation you deserve.    How are the mighty fallen? What! is it possible that the champions were shut out by those terrible Cubs? Yea, yes! Not even that rising prodigy, Tommy, who fought and won a tremendous victory, and earned unqualified praise, dare raise the voice of condemnation, but on the contrary let him be thankful that the fates were with his team today. His support was peerless; and Jordon who played 3rd base professionally; Freddie, catcher, and the outfielders shone conspicuously. The quickest execution we have seen in a long while, was performed by the Cub’s redoubtable battery, in catching Curley two feet from home plate. No better exhibition of ball playing Stew opened fire, and scored the first run. Jor in quick succession, jabbed the sphere for a circle, moving like a race horse. Freddie, Herb and Woody negotiated their quota of bases, but could not convert them into runs. The Plasterers played in their usual style, but the fates frowned on them. In the 2nd inning an irreparable calamity assailed them, from which they never recovered. With much regret we have to record that Andy met with an accident which will incapacitate him for some time, and thus reduce their strength considerably. Stump that efficient 2nd baseman then assumed the mask, and this enforced change of front spelt disaster, and proved the beginning of the end. We firmly believe, but for this accident, we should now be writing another tale. What’s the score? said Dave. 2-0 in favor of the Cubs, saida bystander. Gee whiz! said Dave; but we'll get ’em yet. But it never came to pass, although they fought and died like only heroes can.   Alex scored in the last incomplete inning, which counted nil. Marty was active and caught several balls well. Andy, Ollie, Tony and Felix got on bases but no further. The game concluded as it is written above. The last we saw of the ‘‘old champion’? was when he was wending his way toward the surgery, with a bleeding leg, brought about by contact with cement or granite. However, all's well that ends well, and we hope to see Dave and the other invalids in the field next time, recuperated, reinforced, and ready to fight it out to a finish. —Henry 


