---
title: A Bitter Struggle
author: Unknown
issue: 11
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 13
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
The same bitterness that has marked the struggles of the Plasterers and the Ninth for supremacy in the E. S. P. League since the beginning of the season was in evidence to-day, and while the Ninth had a lead of two runs in their half of the sixth, the Plasterers came up smiling in their turn and wopped out three runs, and the game. Both Curly and Longie, were perfectly supported and pitched professional ball until the sixth, when they weakened. Up to this time it was an even break, with even money offered and no takers. The game in detail follows: First:—Ninth—Brownie and Lefty hit out; Rube struck out. Plasterers—Frankie, Stump, and Tony went out the same way. Second-—Ninth—Cap struckout, Augie walked. Jack and Longie each flied to Felix, who was eagerly waiting. Plasterers—Felix hit out; Barber singled, stole second and came home on Andy’s hit. Curly hit, stole second but was left on third as Dick and Fats both struck out. 1 run Third—Ninth—Chef sent a. beautiful fly to Fats, who got it. Yeap did the same for Felix, who got his. Brownie walked, stole around to third where he died owing to Timmie’s high fly being grabbed by Frankie. Plasterers—Frankie singled, but, could do no better than make third as Stump, Tony and Felix hit out in succession. Fourth—Ninth—Rube walked right up, turned around and banged a triple for luck. Chef sacrificed, bringing in Rube. Augie hit out; Jack singled, stole second; Longie hit out. 1 run Plasterers—Barber flied out to Longie; Andy and Curly both hit out. Fifth—Ninth—Chef singled, caught at second; Yeap flied to Stump and Brownie hit out. Plasterers—Dick hit out, Frankie struck out. Sixth—Something doing! Ninth—Timmie lifted one of Curly’s Fats and -pets for a three bagger and was chased home by Cap’s crashing merry-go-round. Rube bunted out; Augie, and Jack hit out. 2 runs Plasterers—Stump singled, stole second and third. Tony walked, reached second; Stump scored on Felixs’ hit, and then the Barber, after many efforts walloped a beauty, bringing in Tony and Felix, but was caught himself. Curly and Andy each went out, but the game was won, and lost. Result 4—3. Umpire, Mr. John Henry. 

