---
title: Ninth vs Stocking Shed
author: Henry
issue: 11
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 13
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH vs STOCKING SHED    June 4    By no means the least interesting of the games played today was that of the Ninth vs Shed. For some inexplicable reason, the contest did not begin until 4.15, and at the outset it was uneventful. Timmy scored the first run on an error, and 6492 to offset it, hit a clean cut for a circle. Soon after, Lefty scored on a fumble, and in quick succession Jack, for the Stocking Shed, tied the score making it 2-2 At this stage the game looked well within the grasp of the home team, and the Ninth were quite alive to that possibility, in so much that Big Jack, who was pitching, retired in favor of Longy. Under Longy’s fusillade, the Stocking Shed wavered somewhat, but nevertheless played for all they were worth. Lefty tripled, and subsequently both he and Augie scored on passed balls, which practically decided the game. Ducky pitched indisputable ball,and his support was a remarkable improvement on the last time we saw them. Some weeks ago we stamped Spetz as a comer, and today he justified our prognostication. His agility and aptitude were the admiration of all; and catching difficult balls, his unerring aim,and batting capabilities were most noticeable and spectacular. The umpire, anew installation, was somewhat at fault in his decisions, but they were equally fair to both sides. It would be well, if the managers, prior to the game would point out and explain to the new men the various and intricate limit lines. in order that dissatisfaction and comment may be avoided. Score 4-—2 favor of Ninth. — Henry. 




