---
title: Some Local Pick-Ups
author: Jingles
issue: 11
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 13
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS    The Band is improving. At what? Music or Ball playing? Guess. The Bear-Cats attacked the Cubs last week but although they succeeded in taming them in the first game, the Cubs proved so vicious in the second session, that they completely routed their common enemy. The sporty backstop of the Plasterers, has resigned from his team. He gives as reason, for this deplorable act, the fact that he is perfecting a plan, in which he can be hit by a pitched ball, thereby gaining his base, without being hurt. The ‘‘brother team’’ now appearing in a limited engagement with Our Quartette, are rehearsing a new act which they will take on the road, sometime in the future. Managers and agents, kindly write. ‘ap of the Ninth believes that a man should always pay his debts. He claims that, as baseball is more or less a game of honor, baseball players especially should take notice of this rule. The Plasterers played excellent ball against the Ninth on Thursday. Hair-raising stops, daring base running and an exciting climax, distinctly marked this game as one of the best played this season. The man who has never been known to make a ‘‘kick,’’ or in any way create a disturbance in a ball game is Felix of the Plasterer team. Follow his example. The only way is the right way, says Joe our Orchestra Leader. He is whipping the orchestra into great shape, these days. Classics are his favorites. Just listen to some of these they are practicing, Overture Morning Noon and Night in Vienna, by Suppe, Selections from the Opera, Baron Trenck, and also William Tell, and a score of others. “Bob’’ of the Bindery, went swimming last Wednesday morning about 4 A.M. Down at ‘‘Atlantic’’ he claims it was, and such a vivid, realistic dream, that it took him and his cellmate all morning to mop the water from the floor. You see Bob left the window open and it did rain quite hard that morning. Herb wants the address of some responsible physician who will pay in advance for a good live body to be delivered after death. A sort of ante-pay, post-mortem. —Jingles.      
