---
title: Unknown
author: Unknown
issue: 18
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 14
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
No man can stand alone. Every one of us is dependent, more, or less, upon one or another. Everyone of us therefore, owes a duty to another, and the debt must be paid, no matter in how trivial a manner, yet, still to be paid. How? Many ways, not the least of which, is to be pleasant. While human nature craves the beautiful, it also demands things, that are pleasant, no less to the eye, than to the taste. Therefore in requiting our obligations, we can at least smile, and then smile some more. Not a senile grin, but a pleasant smile, with a hearty laugh, not a giggle, at the proper time. Laughter and yawning am both contagious, but, inspired by different emotions. One expresses pleasure, the other boredom. There is always a welcome for the man of cheery manner, who can induce laughter; so there is for the man with the sunny smile. Therefore, smile. If it costs an effort to smile kindly, so much the better, for then it is done at a sacrifice, which means an exercise in self-control for yourself, and pleasure to another. Reserve your frowns for yourself and the wood pile. There is no better outlet for a man's ill humor, than a big husky pile of wood and a dull axe, with no one in hearing. But, smile. There is no good reason why an ironclad rule should not to ·be enacted, and rigidly enforced, requiring the managers of all teams to come upon the grounds with their lineup already prepared and handed to the scorekeepers immediately. These men are doing good work, for which they receive little or no thanks, and they should be assisted and not hindered. 
