---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 25
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 15
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
The eagerness with which the men scanned and analyzed the tabulated statements showing the standing of the individual members of the teams comprising the E. S. P. League, as published last week, was no less than wonderful. The interest of those who were personally concerned in this public notice of their respective merits as ball players, was as intense as it was earnest. Each one noted his relative position to that of the leaders, and gave expression to his satisfaction, or dismay as his standing demanded. And this suggests a thought: How entirely different would be this good old world of ours, if we played the game of life, with the same care, ambition and endeavor to avoid errors as we do the game of ball. If we had the same horror and shame of being called by some other, and usually applicable epithets, in the life game, as we have of being called a ‘‘mutt,’’ a ‘‘freeze,’’ or “bonehead” in the ball game; how vastly would it influence our efforts to enact our lives so that our names would appear close up to that envied man in the 900 per cent class. It is a thought that grows, and grows, as the wonderful possibilities of such a condition grows, but, the millennium is far distant, it is feared.       A German highbrow, with an unpronounceable name, announces that after years of exhaustive study, he can now determine by the conformation of the toes of a newly-born infant, if it will grow up to be a criminal. We are now waiting to hear from another source to learn just what conformation of any other member will be required to determine the length of sentence such a child will eventually have to serve; the particular branch of crime he will choose, and more important still, if he will grow up at all. 

