---
title: Plasterers vs Stock. Shed
author: Bill
issue: 2
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 16
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTERERS VS STOCK. SHED June 25 With Rabbi on the mound for the Stocking Shed, and Yaller for the Plasterers, they opened their second game of the series today, which was very interesting all through. Sharp fielding and good hitting were demonstrated by both sides. The Rabbi hit Aleck, the first man up, with his first delivery, which caused a little commotion among the players, but he later settled down and pitched star ball. Stump walked and scored on Tony’s hit, and the latter scored on a wild pitch, which netted 2 runs for the Plasterers in the first inning. Big Six would not step aside for one of Yaller’s cannon balls, and drove it for a home run, over the roof. In the second inning both sides went out in order. In the third inning, Felix and Jim scored for the Plasterers, the Stocking Shed going out in order. Ducky made a very difficult and daring catch of a fly in the middle of the twelfth Block doorway, which saved another run from going home. In the fourth inning, Jim made a slashing triple, and scored on Harry’s single, which surprised the crowd. The Shed again went out in order. In the fifth inning, Toney singled; Felix flied to Ducky; Mike fanned; and Tony scored on Andie’s hit. For the Stocking Shed, 6473 fanned; Ducky drove a hot liner to Tony, and the Rabbi singled. Fingers hit a two-bagger, scoring Rabbi. The 6th inning had just begun when the whistle blew, leaving the Plasterers victorious by the score of 6—2. Both sides were in excellent shape, Yaller having 9 strike outs against Rabbis 5. Rabbi walked one, and hit one. Umpires, Happy—Big Jack. — Bill. 
