---
title: Band Tuned Up
author: Mitch
issue: 2
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 16
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BAND TUNED UP    June 25   Big Louie pitched the Band to victory over the dangerous Cubs today in an exciting game which was wholly a pitchers battle. He held the Cubs down to three scattered hits, struck out nine of the twenty-three men who faced him; walked one, and was going stronger at the end of the seven innings than when he started. Freddie was the only man that hit him safe, to score a run. Tommy of the Cubs did good work, but, had poor support. Five hits were made off of him, four of which resulted in runs. Big Louie driving a beautiful fly to the wall and scoring a home run. The Cubs started off with a three bagger by Freddie, who got home by way of Walt’s error, making the first and only run for the Cubs. Marty the one man given his base was the only other Cub to reach third, though Woody tried it in the fifth, and was caught there by Josh. The Band gained confidence with each succeeding inning, and showed better team work than in any game they have thus far played. The Cubs on the contrary, did not show their usual amount of ginger, and several of their star players were decidedly off. ‘They had a shade the worst of the umpiring, but, even so, they were clearly outplayed by the rejuvenated Band as shown by the score 4--1. The Band traded little Julius for Ban of the Cubs, to secure another good pitcher, and the exchange seems to have been a good one for both teams. Dave has also secured a promising player in Reading who has the hall-mark of a comer. —Mitch.       


