---
title: Cubs vs. Plasterers: Bunch Hits In One Inning and Sew Up The Game
author: Timmy
issue: 9
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 17
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS vs PLASTERERS    Bunch Hits In One Inning and Sew Up The Game    July 7    The Plasterers and Cubs fought toe to toe for three innings on Monday without either gaining any advantage, and the spectators settled themselves back for a battle from the pitcher's box, but the fans were disappointed. In the fourth inning, the Cubs started cannonading, and it sounded like the 4th of July instead of the 7th. A home run, a three bagger, three singles, intermingled with a couple of errors, and some bonehead work on the part of the Plasterers, netted the Cubs six runs, and the game. Curly was hit opportunely and did not pitch in his usual good form; he also had some difficulty in locating the plate. Tommy was steady all the way, and though hit hard received great support from his teammates. Curly struck out 8, and Tommy 7. Score 7-—3.    Julius hit safe in the first inning, and also hit his head when he dove into second base, but was left there. Jore, the first up in the 4th, made everybody sit up when he hit to right for three bases. Freddie hit a screamer through Alec at the rate of forty miles an hour, scoring Jore, Tommy hit to Jack for an easy out at first, but Jack threw to Curly at third to catch Freddie, and lost them both. Woody then cleaned up with a home run. But, hit safe, and Marty followed with another; But scoring. Marty scored on Herb’s out to Tony. Jack made a mess of Julius’s hit but Freddie ended the agony with a fly to Alec.    For the Plasterers: The Barber, the first up, walked, but was out on Freddie’s pretty throw to second. ‘The Plasterers were not again dangerous until the 4th, when Tony beat out a hit and then Curly made the longest hit of the game for the circuit. Jack made a hit over second, but was out stealing home. In the 6th inning, Curly was hit in the stomach, and Felix running for him scored on an overthrow. Big Jack again hit safe, and Alee walked, but Andy was looking for Big Whitey in the crowd and the umpire called three strikes. Both umpires were excellent, no complaint from either side, Mack and Jimmy officiated. — Timmy.    
