---
title: Year in Brief for 1913
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Year in Brief for 1913      The Umpire   Editor: B-2231, B-6591   Year in 1913   Baseball   The original intention of the Umpire, as set forth by “Timmie,” was to be a platform solely dedicated to reporting baseball news both at Eastern State and on a professional level (Unique ID 643). Despite still officially adhering to the Pennsylvania System, baseball was being played at Eastern State by 1911, if not before (521). In 1913, there were a total of six teams that played regularly: the Cubs, the Ninth, the Library, the Band, the Plasterers, and the Stocking Shed. Each game was reported in the Umpire along with a box score for the game. For a while, summaries of the games included players’ nicknames and their corresponding intake numbers with their statistics. Unfortunately, this practice stopped and only the nicknames were listed. Occasionally, on the last page of the Umpire, complete statistics for each player is given with his intake number. Each team had a manager who often traded players with other teams. Interestingly, the baseball teams were racially integrated and at least 8 contributors to the publication (1913, 1916-1919) were African Americans. Eastern State Penitentiary itself remained segregated until the early 1960s.      Judging by several articles in September bemoaning the cessation of the baseball games, and the fact that an earlier article stated that the season would end in October, the games were discontinued more than a month early, on August 19, 1913. One possible explanation is that the games were stopped due to the escape of Homer Wiggins and Frank Walker on August 20, 1913.   There were also numerous editorials (written by incarcerated people) that offered opinions and advice to other prisoners. The front page of the April 23, 1913 issue had a new cover that had drawings of two baseball players on either side of the title (103).    ESP Band   In 1913, the ESP Band celebrated its fourth anniversary (305). Professor A. F. Wiegandt was the faculty leader of the band. Inmate B-4477 put out a notice in the Umpire looking for people to join the band. He specified, “No fakers need apply. No need for Mandolin, Banjo, or Guitar” (265). It can be inferred that he might have been the prisoner leader of the band. By early July, Prof. Wiegandt had secured the use of the second floor of the Stocking Shed as the Band room (335).   The Umpire as a Whole   As stated previously, the original intention of the newspaper was to report the scores and summaries of the ESP baseball games. Other articles in this period were intended to be lighthearted and humorous, but many have racial and /or sexist tones and / or use dialects that many today would consider offensive. There were jokes and riddles, comedic pictures, reports of funny conversations heard around the prison between incarcerated people, guards, and faculty. Beginning in August, more articles about penology, advice (mostly from incarcerated people), and outside news began to appear.    The original motto of the Umpire was “Devoted to the Interest of Recreation and Goodfellowship [sic].” The newspaper was only supposed to be published during baseball season, but with special permission, the Umpire was allowed to continue throughout the year so that it appealed to the “interest of most men.” “The Editor wish[ed] to fill the paper entirely with matter written by the inmates” (643). The adapted motto for this new period of the Umpire was “Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its readers.”    There were two editors for 1913: B-2331 and B-6591, who became editor by the June 25th issue. From this passage, it seems that only men were on the Umpire staff:   In the first place, we wish to point out that the utmost care will be exercised in selecting the most qualified men to fill these positions, and we do beseech everybody to work in accord with us to that end (29).   By July 16, 1913, the Umpire was being printed in the new Printing office, which was adjoined to Cellblock 6. The editor and staff often wrote short pieces asking for prisoners to contribute to the Umpire.
