---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 17
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THERE are but few weeks elapse that the Umpire does not receive one or more communications, enclosing articles highly eulogistic of the Warden, and urging their publication in its columns. These requests have been invariably refused, for several reasons: (a) lack of space; (b) similarity of subject; (c) questionable propriety. We feel quite sure that the Warden understands, and fully appreciates the kindly motives which prompt those under his care, to give expression to their feelings of gratitude, but any publicity, of this kind, so frequently requested, we are equally sure, would prove only an embarrassment to so modest a gentleman: To those of our correspondents, who find their emotions of gratitude and admiration, in this connection, reaching the point of bubbling over, we suggest a personal letter to the Warden, as a most proper, and effective outlet for their surcharged feelings.       It is a pleasure to note the high character of the work now being done for the E. S. P. League by Mack, the new umpire, who but recently registered with us. He has shown a thorough familiarity with the many intricacies of the game; unquestionable honesty in his decisions, and the ability to control the players, without incurring their ill-will. He should be given the consideration that is his due by everyone interested in the success of our league.       Managers should act promptly in asserting their authority to prevent disputes between any of their players and the umpire. Upon at least two occasions last week, there were heated arguments between one of the Cubs and Happy, the umpire. Admitting the provocation was great, the player was clearly in the wrong, and usurping the duty of the manager, when he started his argument with Happy. The latter has made many errors, but, they were ‘‘of the head, not the heart,’’ and his decisions, or in fact, the decisions of any umpire, if questioned. should be done so, quietly and without bitterness. The least we can do for these men, in lieu of salary, is to show respect for the positions they hold. 

