---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 17
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Mrs. Horacs Fassitt, has sent the following letter in reply to the communication addressed to her last week by a committee representing the men, which was published in our issue of July 2:    Chestnut Hill,    July 4, 1913.    To the Committee :    The beautiful letter I received through you in behalf of all ‘‘my boys,”’ has touched me deeply, and I thank you from my heart, one and all of you, for its many expressions of kindness, for what was to me, a work of the greatest pleasure. I assure you that your hearts and hope were not more anxious than were mine. And when the“‘Bill,”’ became an assured fact, and as you all wanted it, not one of you could possibly have been happier, and more thankful, than I was, as it has been in my thoughts and prayers, for these many long days and nights. And now boys the time is coming, when you will again go forth into the world, to take up its burdens, and sorrows. Do try to mean to be something. You can if you will. And remember always that the greatest sorrow you can bring to me, will be to hear that you have returned to your old lives; and the greatest joy, to know that you are good men and true, in every sense of the word. Boys be strong, and of a good courage, be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for ‘‘the Lord thy God will be with thee whithersoever thou goest.’’ My best love and wishes go with this to you all.    Faithfully Yours,    Mother Fassitt

