---
title: Plasterers Shut Out Ninth
author: Bill
issue: 9
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 17
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTERERS SHUT OUT NINTH    July 2   The best game of the season was played today, between the above teams, resulting in the Plasterers shutting out the Ninth. It was a well played, clean game, with only one error throughout. The Barber of the Plasterers was the first man to face Bill, and he singled on the first ball pitched, stole second and third, and came home on Stump’s two base hit, making the only run of the entire game. Curly was on the slab for the Plasterers, and pitched the best ball that has been seen in here this season. Bill also pitched in excellent shape, but could do nothing with the sluggers that played behind Curly. The sensational play that Lefty pulled off, in the form of a triple, was, without a doubt, the best and only one of its kind, seen here, this! He caught a fly ball, over the) today. year. roof, from Andy’s bat, retiring him, ran over to second, catching Felix, and then threw Tony out. The best hits of the game were as follows :—3 base hits, Lefty; 2 base hits, Lefty, Jack, Stump, Tony and Andy. The credit of the game should go to Curly, as he accepted three chances on singles, with two down, and a man going home each time. He never for a moment lost control, and played the first bag each time, retiring the side, and discounting the runs. Each of the pitchers had five strikeouts to his credit. Eggie played fast ball for the Ninth at short, getting several foul balls off the wall, but failed at the bat when runs were needed. Mike also shared in the foul balls, accepting three. Andy caught excellent ball behind the bat. Cap, together with Felix, excelled in the field, in holding down fly balls out by the Burnery. The one-time invincible Longie fanned each time he came up, doubtless due to an eagerness to make a home-run record, when 2 bunt or a sacrifice was the play. Final score,1—0. Umpires, Mack; Jack and Lippy. — Bill. 
