---
title: Ninth vs Band
author: Mitch
issue: 16
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 18
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Ninth vs Band July 14 The Ninth played all around the Band this afternoon, and won as they pleased, by the score of 12—3. Dave put in Louie and Baltimore, to do the heavy work for the Musicians, while Longie and Betz did the same for the Beef-eaters. The latter found the ball in the second inning, when Augie singled, and came home on Chef's triple, who also scored, by a daring theft. In the fourth, Augie doubled, Eggie singled, and both came in on Betz’s two-bagger. In the fifth, Longie walked, stole second and third, and rushed across the plate on a wild throw. Timmy walked, got around to third, and home. In the sixth, Augie swatted out a singer for a home run, and in the seventh, everybody took a whack, for Louie was all in, and blowing like a winded horse. Longie walked, Timmy hit, and Rube drove one to Billy Penn, who missed i, and then all three came strolling in together. Augie was hit by a wild ball, took his base, and both he, and the Chef got home on a series of errors. There was nothing doing by the Band until the fourth inning, when Yeap, who had received a vicious blow from one of Longie’s cannon balls, in the second, retaliated by smashing out a home run. In the sixth, both Longie and Josh hit for two-baggers, and scored through the Poet’s hit. The Band played a fair game, but could do nothing with the terrific in-shoots, that Longie put over, as he fanned twelve men, out of the twenty-eight who faced him, and only five hits were made off his delivery. Louie struck out five of the thirty-four men up, and walked four, three of whom Umpires— Jack and Lippy. — Mitch. scored. 
