---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 16
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 18
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THERE are many thousands of unemployed men walking the streets of every large city to-day, bitterly deploring the lack of ever. an ordinary education, which they know is the real cause of their pitiable condition. A large percentage of these men are physically incapable of competing against their more robust fellows, when the foreman is selecting his men, to take up even the hard rough work of unskilled labor. Hence they are thrust aside, and will ever be. The man of brawn without an education of some sort, seldom arises above that station claimed by the common laborer. For the man who is wanting in both education and brawn, there is no room in this busy world; he is ruthlessly crowded to the wall, and in all too many instances, he is even forced through the wall into such a community as this one, of which we form a part. never had a chance. These men It may have been through their own lack of appreciation of the importance of an education, or again it may have been through no fault of their own. But wherever the blame, he would be a man beyond hope, were he to fail to grasp the opportunity when it is again offered to him, A strong commendation of the intelligence of the men here, lies in the statement, that nearly five hundred of them are now receiving instructions in both elementary and advanced courses in English, and better yet, that fully ninety five per cent of them are making rapid advancement, reflecting credit upon the efforts of Mr. Bonsall, the instructor and the men who are cheerfully giving their aid in assisting their fellows in obtaining an education. ‘The elementary course includes, reading, writing, arithmetic, geography and history, and this is supplemented by higher courses in mathematics and grammar in the Mentor Correspondence School. In the latter, the men are receiving individual instruction in the studies they elect, and upon the completion of the full course, are awarded certificates of graduation. Many men have attained, and others are now striving for this honor, and only recently diplomas were granted to 5570, 4591, 5493, 5631, 5402, 5577 and 5719. One man, B5570 went through the entire course without a single failure, attaining a Graduating average of 100 per cent. This educational work is going on throughout the year, and any man with the slightest adaptability may make wonderful progress within this short time, if he only will. The officers are certainly doing their part, and doing it well. In return, they only require earnest application on the part of the men, for with that, they know the results will be favorable,—and it is for favorable results that they are working. 




