---
title: A Jolly Good Game: Librarians and Stocking Shed Battle for Last Place— Jinglers Win 
author: Henry
issue: 23
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 19
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A JOLLY GOOD GAME Librarians and Stocking Shed Battle for Last Place— Jinglers WinA very good game, and very well played, and jolly good company everyone. This was the consensus of opinion of the game between the above teams played Monday. The Stocking Shed commenced the pacemaking with Blink, who scored in the first inning, and if proper care had been exercised, there is no reason to doubt that but two or three runs might have been obtained. Although John, Alec and Rabbi, reached bases, they failed to score another run during the game. The Rabbi pitched, but he was not in his usual form, hence the horrible slaughter administered to the Shed. Charlie and Ban divided the honors of the mound for the Library, and held their opponents well in hand all the time. Davis and Ban J scored admirably by clever steals. Ollie singled, and broke the bad spell that has hovered over him so long. He negotiated the circle by stages, but unfortunately the run didn’t count, because the third man was nabbed at first. Dave doubled, and scored on the catcher’s error. Beef Trust passed to first, and scored on Jimmy’s hit, which culminated in a home run on an overthrow. Ban also scored on a sacrifice, and Charlie, Mike, Hudson and others, got on bases, but runs failed to materialize. The ever vigilant Spetz was somewhat downhearted at the defeat, but the humorous Beef Trust was highly elated. Result: 9—1, in favor of Library. —Henry. 
