---
title: "Band Beat Badly: Plasterers Hold Them For Nine Innings Without a Run"
author: Bill
issue: 23
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 19
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BAND BEAT BADLY    Plasterers Hold Them For Nine Innings Without a Run    One of the biggest surprises of the season was pulled off Monday between the above teams. Yeap was in the box for the Band and held the Plasterers for four full innings without a run. They then succeeded in getting two runs across the plate, but Yeap never gave up; he held them until the end of the eighth inning, before they were again able to score. The game went for nine full innings; both sides were fast and snappy, and the batting was good. Curly was in the box for the Bear-cats, and held his opponents without a run. Both pitchers, were in excellent shape, and pitched masterly ball, Yeap having ten strike outs, and Curly eight, to their credit. Yaller, and Yeap each had a two-bagger. Tony, Curly and Stump each had a triple, while there were numerous singles by both sides. Band has a new find, B 6660, who is playing excellent ball for his team, both in the field and at the bat. B 6694 made an excellent catch of a fly ball over the twelfth block roof, running up the neck, and catching it with his bare hands. Yeap made a brilliant one-handed catch off Jack’s bat. While the Band suffered a shutout, they were in the game every minute during the nine innings, and the Plasterers were required to use their best efforts to down them. John Henry, and Lippy umpired without a dissent. Score 6—0. —Bill If you have knowledge, let others light their candles by it.—Thomas Fuller. 

