---
title: "Cubs Gave Up: Combination of Umpire and Good Playing too Much for Them    "
author: Mitch
issue: 23
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 19
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS GAVE UP    Combination of Umpire and Good Playing too Much for Them    Smarting under the unfairness of some of the most weird base decisions, rarely, if ever heard on a ball ground the Cubs practically gave the Ninth Block boys the game on Monday afternoon. After the third inning they made no attempt to play with their usual vim, and instructions had been given not to hit; Herb, the only one to do so, singled, and as the ball was being fielded, continued on to second, where he was caught, as he evidently intended to be. Every one anticipated a_ splendid struggle in the opening game of the series between these two clubs, and had it not been for the unfortunate lack of judgment on the part of the base umpire, these anticipations would have been realized. Both Longie and Tommy were in fine form, while their support was everything that could be desired. Trouble began in the first inning when Herb was declared out at third, the justness of which was questioned, but, it reached its height in the third inning, when Rube hit, and in the opinion of many was clearly out at first. However, he was announced safe by the umpire. Then a howl of indignation and derision, went up from the grounds and the roofs, swelling in volume as it soared higher and higher, and only ceasing when the Warden appeared on the infield, and demanded quiet. It was then the Cubs quit. Once again the Warden had to caution the men, and Jore in particular, who was covering his base in only a perfunctory way, perfectly observant to all.    (Continued on page four)       CUBS GAVE UP    (Continued from page one)    The run making was in the second and third innings. In the second, Butt for the Cubs, singled, reached second and came home on Woody’s two-bagger. Marty walked, and Herb struck for three bases, bringing in the two men, and coming in himself on Charlie’s sacrifice. For the Ninth, Cap, Jack and Longie walked, coming home on a sacrifice by Augie, and Eggie’s single, who later, scored on Chef’s two bagger. The Cubs could do nothing in their half of the third, but, the Ninth came up smiling and Rube singled, stole second; Cap was hit by a wild pitch, and then Big Jack got in his famous home-run swat, bringing everybody home. Brownie walked, and scored on Eggie’s double. Score 8—4, favor of Ninth. Longie allowed four hits, struck out four, and walked five. Tommy allowed eight hits, struck out five, and walked four. Umpires, Mack, Jimmy.—Mitch. 




