---
title: Said To Be Funny
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 19
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SAID TO BE FUNNY   Let us be thankful for occasional visits from the man who sees the funny side of things.       “Dere’s no chanst fur a man dese days,” sighed Blink. ‘‘Wimmen’s de whole show, and a hoggin’ everyting in sight. Watcher tink’s de lates’ in Philly ? Why a man’s gotta s’port his wife, or de jail and real woik fur him at sixty-five per day. Dat ain’t so bad, but, hully chee, de wife is ter come and cop de whole sixty-five ’s fast as he makes it; and say, take it frum me, he’ll make it all right, or dere’s no pot-pie fur him. Hard woik, huh !”       A farmer was attacked by a vicious bulldog, who had taken a firm hold of his leg, and could not be shaken off. His wife rushed to his rescue with a big stone, which she aimed at the dog, and was about to throw, when the farmer shouted in deadly fear, ‘for God’s sake Mary, don’t throw at the dog, throw at me.”       “What's your cat’s name, little boy?” asked the caller. “It used to be Tom, but I have changed it to Susie, so he’d have kittens,” was the reply.       Jack, the umpire, was having his own troubles with a bunch of Cubs last week, when he silenced all argument by shouting, ‘Say, who's pulling this cat’s tail, anyhow ?”       Whitey :—(To Editor) “I want my UMPIRE stopped, and stopped quick.”    Editor: —‘‘What’s the matier ? Don't you like our paper ?”    Whitey :-—‘Naw, I don’t. Some gink put an ad in the Umpire saying I wanted a job, and now, gosh dang it, they done gimme one.”       “Well, tomorrow morning you shall receive a letter, if I have to write you one myself,’ said the postman to the old maid.    “I will be glad to receive it,” said the maiden lady.    “What do you want me to write, a business letter, or a love-letter?”    “Well, if you mean business, by all means write a love-letter.”       “Do you mean to say such a physical wreck as he gave you that black eye?” asked the magisirate. “Sure, your honor, but, he wasn’t a physical wreck till after he gave me the black eye,” replied the plaintiff. 

