---
title: Ninth vs Band
author: Henry
issue: 23
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 19
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH vs BAND   These teams played the concluding game of their series today, and little is left to do besides recording the runs, which were myriad. Five home runs were made and the contest represented the old time game of tip and run. The writer was sorry to note the persistent jeering of both teams, at the umpire, who evidently did his best to give satisfaction. He was not by any means inefficient, but the men in this institution cannot realize yet, that these men are kind enough to take upon themselves, this laborious and oftentimes unthankful duty, just merely for the good of the sport, and not because they are in receipt of munificent salaries. One might be able to look over the kicking of some teams, made up more or less of new arrivals; not because they would be right, but because they have not the experience of the Ninth’s men, who ought to be reckoned upon to set a good example. For the Ninth the following men scored home runs:—Lefty, Betts, Sam, Rube and John; runs were also contributed by Lefty, Jack, John (2), Betts, Jack, Bobby and Eggy; compiling 13 against the Band’s 2; the latter, the hardest and cleverest runs scored during the whole game. Josh singled, stole second and third very cleverly and Yeap, performing a similar feat immediately afterwards, emulated his (Josh’s) success, by a daring attempt, in reaching the plate in the of nick time. There was a scarcity of balls, which delayed the game somewhat, however, many were lost over the wall and elsewhere, which partly explains the deficiency. —Henry. 


