---
title: Ninth vs Cubs
author: Henry
issue: 30
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 20
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH vs CUBS With all things at perfect equilibrium today, and amid breathless excitement, the final game of the series between the above teams was brought to a close. It was a pleasure to observe Mack officiating behind the bat, where he was absolutely master of the situation, and rendered quick and accurate decisions. Longie pitched for the Ninth, and was beat about quite considerably. The Cubs who are not so fortunate as the Ninth, in having two or three strings to their bow, were represented on the hill by that sterling pitcher, Tommy. He had to do the whole of the work in the box this week and it was little to be wondered at when he weakened toward the end of the game. In the first inning the Ninth made two runs, which made everybody murmur that the game was all over, but much to the surprise of all, in the next inning the Cubs emulated that performance, and up to that stage of the game batted four runs. The Cubs were much gratified at this showing, and their success instilled new energy into the whole team. The Ninth have always been a hard nut to crack when they set their teeth tightly together, and by dint of sheer superiority, coupled with their strongest play, they wore their opponents down, and run by run was scored, until near the finish, they totaled 8. Rube and Jack scored home runs. The other runs were made by Cap, (3), Chef (2) and Rube. Cap scored once on Woody’s error. Lefty, Rube and Cap made two-base hits. For the Cubs, Freddy hit a triple and scored on Woody’s hit; in the second Charlie hit a two-bagger, and scored on Julius’ double; who stole third in professional style, and scored on Timmy’s double; who likewise scored on Freddy’s hit. —Henry. 
