---
title: Library vs Ninth (2)
author: Timmy
issue: 30
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 7
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LIBRARY vs NINTH    April 23    After the severe drubbing the Ninth received from the Plasterers on Monday, they met the Library on Tuesday, and the change of form was remarkable. From the tap of the bell the Ninth was at the ‘‘Bookworms”’ tooth and nail, and when the smoke of battle had cleared away, the Ninth had five runs to their credit. Yellow was the victim for Tuesday’s slaughter, and stood it for five innings, and then he made way for ‘Tommy, who at this writing, is a pitcher of some importance, being claimed by both Library and Stocking Shed. Longie did the honors for the Ninth, and was strong all the way, both at the bat and in the box. Rube had his third home run in two days, and Cap., not to be outdone, put one in the same place for another. Yellow was poorly supported, Ban, Big Whitey and Dud, making costly errors. After the third inning, Andy, as usual lost heart, and played a lifeless game behind the bat. In the first inning, with two strikes on Lefty, he waited and walked. Big Whitey was reading a volume of Henry James, and didn’t see Augie’s bounder in time to get of the way, and Augie landed on second. Cap. struck out, but Slick sent Augie home with a hit to center. He scored on Yeap’s sacrifice. Jack hit safe, stole third, and came home on Wade’s badly played bounder by Ban. Bobbie ended the inning with a fly to Ollie. The Library was shut out until the 6th, when Andy, who had two strikes on him, landed on a straight one and placed it in the yard for two bases. He was caught a mile off second, but Lefty dropped the throw, and Andy crossed the plate with the first run. The fielding of the Library team was off color, with the exception of Ollie, who played his usual good game at third. —Timmy 


