---
title: A Disgraceful Scene
author: Henry
issue: 6
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 21
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A DISGRACEFUL SCENE    A disgraceful scene was enacted during the game between the Ninth and Library last Wednesday afternoon through flagrant abuse of the umpire Mack, by members of both teams alike. Lefty was the most virulent of the clamorous players, and was ejected from the game and finally from the grounds, when his insolence became unbearable. The efforts of the men to reflect upon the umpire, it is pleasant to note proved a veritable boomerang, however, for by his splendid self-control, and dignified treatment of the mischief-makers, he has firmly established his position as a reputable fair-minded man with a backbone, who is not afraid to render decisions according to his judgment, regardless of whom it may affect. This man knows his business, and there is none in this big house who can bulldoze, bluff, or dictate to him; he knows the game from A to Z and it would be just as well for those young people who think they know it all to call a halt, and read and digest the rules of base ball. John, captain of the Ninth desires to state in this connection, that he entirely disapproves of the conduct of his men. That he considers the manner in which Mack the umpire was abused by the men to have been disgraceful, and he is particularly grieved because he believes the men know much better, and should be setting an example for the younger and more inexperienced players. He further states that the time has arrived when this horseplay exhibition of childish fits of temper must stop. Without mentioning names, it is suggested that those persons to whom this statement applies should digest its implications and endeavor to redeem themselves. In the meantime, everybody take their hats off to Mack. — Henry


