---
title: It Is Worth Knowing
author: Unknown
issue: 13
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 22
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
IT Is WORTH KNOWING— THAT they now call them police ladies. THAT Castro, the deposed President, has returned to Venezuela, and opened | up another revolution in that country. THAT our new motor truck is said to weigh 3 tons, has a capacity for 2 more, can run 30 miles an hour, and has a list price of $3000. THAT work on the new Subway under Broad street, Philadelphia, will be under way by Jan. 1, 1915, and furnish employment to 2000 men. That the British government has refused to take part in the San Francisco Fair to be held to commemorate the opening of the Panama Canal, and that Germany will do likewise, unless this Government insures its exhibitors against piracy of designs and ideas. That the United States Bureau of Education announces that out of 65 prisons in the United States and Canada, reporting to it, 44 maintain classes, in which which both academic and trade, subjects are taught. Refering to this, Drs. A. C. Hill of New York, says that ‘‘schools in prisons are the expression of the highest conception yet formed for the proper way to deal with men and women segregated from society for violation of its laws. They are an outgrowth of the belief that the door of hope must never be closed to any human being.” THAT from a ton of coal you can get 1,500 pounds of coke, 20 gallons of ammonia water, and 140 pounds of coal tar. If you distill the coal tar it will yield 69 pounds of pitch, 17 pounds of creosote, 14 pounds of heavy oils, 9 pounds of naptha yellow, 6 pounds of naphthaline, 5 pounds of naphthol, 2 pounds of alazarin, 2 pounds of solvent naphtha, over a pound each of auzerine, benzine, analine, toludine, nearly half a pound of anthracite and nine-tenths of a pound of toulene. From the last named is obtained the valuable substance known as saccharine, which is 230 times as sweet as the best cane sugar, one part of it giving a very sweet taste to a thousand parts of water. By using a ton of coal in this way you can get more profit out of it than by selling it for burning. THAT a professor attached to the Johns Hopkins hospital, Baltimore, claims to have discovered a panacea for appendicitis and almost all other physical ills, by the very simple treatment His claims will probably be disputed. ‘smile, and don’t worry.” 
