---
title: Plasterers vs Ninth
author: Henry
issue: 13
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 22
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTERERS vs NINTH    The Ninth met with a signal defeat at the hands of the Plasterers today by the score S—2. The excitement was intense up to the end of the fourth inning when the score was 4—2 in favor of Plasterers, and victory by no means out of the Ninth’s reach. Longie and Yaller represented the teams on the mound, and the former was horribly beat about, so much so, that in the fifth inning he was knocked clean out of the box, and Lefty took over the responsibility with no better success. Yaller pitched a splendid game for the Plasterers; Andy caught well, and their support was of the first-water. Lefty scored in first inning on Timmy’s sacrifice, and again in third on Timmy’s three-bagger. These were the only two runs subscribed by the team. Nearly all the running was done by the Plasterers who with proper care might have scored more runs. Doubles and triples were quite common occurrences. Felix made a home run on errors, and brought Tony home in first inning. In third Stump made a triple and scored on Tony’s sacrifice; Felix passed and scored on Augie’s triple who was caught napping. Andy made a triple in fourth, and was caught stealing. In the fifth and last inning four runs were aggregated by Barber, Stump, Tony and. Felix, all of whom were presented with free passes, the two later men scoring on Augie’s three-bagger. Andy tripled, and would have been put out at third if the catcher had not interfered with Eggy. However, he was caught at home plate in the act of stealing. Mack and John officiated in their well known and able style. —Henry. 
