---
title: Cubs vs Shed
author: Millsy
issue: 20
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 23
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS vs. SHED With Rabbi, Herb and Tommy on the mound for their respective teams, the Shed and Cubs met for the first game of the week’s series, and a snappy five inning contest was witnessed, in which the Cubs came out victors, but they were compelled to play to win. Both teams were in splendid form, and each inning from beginning to end was full of vim and vigor. In the first inning Herb scored on a wild throw, and Jordan driving one over the twelfth block roof, made a home run, landing at the home plate in his stocking feet, as he lost his shoes on the way around. In this inning Fingers for the Shed singled, stole safe to second and third, and came home on John’s sacrifice. In the end of the third inning, Frankie for the Shed, scored on an error, tying the score. In the first half of the fifth, Herb singled, stole safe to second and third, and came home on a wild throw. In the last half of the fifth, Tommy merely toyed with his adversaries, filling up three bases, then settled down to business, allowing Blink to hit, who was caught by Herb, making a double play. Both teams gave their pitchers good support, making splendid catches in outer field. Umpire—John Henry. —Millsy. The Band and Library have made enough changes in their teams to stock the whole League. Instead of giving the new player a fair chance to make good, they ditch him after one or two games, and hang on to a bunch of meal tickets, who never will learn the game.
