---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 20
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 23
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ARRANGEMENTS are being made for a course of lectures here during the coming Fall and Winter, and as they will be wholly of an educational character, made especially attractive through the use of appropriate illustrations, they should be a source of great pleasure to those fortunate enough to be able to attend. It is unfortunate that the school room is not of a size sufficiently large, to permit a greater attendance of men. The big room over the Stocking Shed, however, would make an ideal Lecture Hall, and afford adequate accommodations.       THE WARDEN of the Iowa State Penitentiary has uncorked a new idea. He says, that in his opinion, all criminals are convicts, but, all convicts are not criminals. He has an unique way of determining the difference: He sends them out, “on honor,” to cut ice and do chores for the farmers in the neighborhood. If they come back, they are merely convicts; if they keep on going, they are hardened criminals. A very simple test.      At present, the institution has a capacity for about six hundred inmates, but, it is said, steps will soon be taken to provide for 5000.       Out in Kansas, they have recently appointed a warden in the person of an ex-Congressman, and Methodist minister, who while new to the Warden business, has original ideas in the matter of handling convicts. He says:    “I regard every man, in prison or out, as my brother, although I find that some of my brothers are instinctive criminals and have to be restrained. Some are made criminals by environment; some are in prison because of some sudden and violent temptation. All possess some good. My experience and observation are that liquor does more to fill our prisons than any other cause. Most of the parole violations are traceable directly to this habit. “The notion that a penitentiary is a place to wreak vengeance upon the criminal is repugnant to the sentiment of our times. ‘The modern and humane thought is, that punishment for crime consists of depriving the criminal of liberty and requiring him to perform useful labor. The fundamental purpose of it all is reformation.”    He firmly believes in the efficacy of work and the Gospel, as means of reformation, and will see that the men under him, will have plenty of both.    In the meantime, the Mayor of MacKentieville, is not doing much talking; he is too busy putting some of his own theories into practice. 




