---
title: Talked About 
author: Unknown 
issue: 29
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 33
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TALKED ABOUT    They are not all gone yet.    Just as we thought, the boot blacks are on a strike in New York. Ten cents, or nothing doing.    Mrs. Pankhurst, London’s leading militant suffragette, has been admitted into this country “duty free.” She immediately got next to the American dollars through lectures, sales of questionable papers, in which she was largely assisted by our Anthony Comstock, and through posturing for the “movies.” We are giving her a great deal more consideration, than that accorded by the British government to our own shining example of “moral turpitude,” Mr. Harry Thaw.    President Wilson issued his Thanksgiving Day proclamation last Thursday. It names Thursday November AS the day on which the people of the country shall offer thanks to God, for the blessings of the year.    Reports from the farming centers announce a plentiful supply of turkeys running around loose, but it is one safe bet, there will be at least a dozen good reasons for boosting the price of this toothsome bird, around Thanksgiving Day. That’s one less worry for us, anyway.    A Newark detective says he judges the character of a woman by the amount of powder on her face. Too much powder on a woman’s face indicates lack of morals, he says.    That is nothing. When Captain Souders was head of the detective force in this city, he formulated the opinion, that a man who wore rubber heels on his shoes was a burglar! Shades of O'Sullivan!    In about three years, when sugar is to be added to the ‘ free list,” statisticians say, the cost of living for every man, woman and child in the United States, will be cut down exactly, 66 cents per year.    For these small blessings let us be thankful.    The strike of the Garment workers of this city, is now in its fourth month, and the situation is deplorable. Last week a picket was shot and killed by a union man who had been interfered with while coming from work. He had deserted the ranks, only when his family reached the point of starvation.    Four of the leading officers of the union have been arrested on charges of conspiracy.    That the Government is thoroughly in earnest in its intention to completely suppress the White Slave traffic, is shown in the statement that since the Mann Act became operative, or since June 25, 1910, to August 31, 1913, there have been 603 convictions; 82 were found not guilty, and 75 forfeited their bonds, and fled the jurisdiction of the country. The length of the sentences imposed, totaled 1070 years.    Matthewson the noted twirler of the New York Giants, has decided not to make the World tour with the other baseball stars, but settle down to checker-playing and literary work, instead.    Did you know that our little Bobbie has a percentage of 1000 among the pitchers; that Longie is next with .933 and Yaller-third with 859?    Eggie is the Frank Baker of the E. S. P. League, having 7 home runs to his credit, while Rube, and Cap, each have a credit of 6 home runs. In 52 times at the bat, Cap made 29 runs. Watch out Eddie Collins.    The following from the Catholic Standard and Times would indicate that someone has solved the high cost of living, and that babies are apparently a drug on the market:    3 cents will purchase enough rice to feed a person for one day.    50 cents will purchase an infant for baptism.    $5 will board an orphan, a cripple, a catechumen, a baby for six months.    $5 will board a sick person in the hospital for 4 months.    $6 will support a woman catechist for three months.   $12 will support an aged infirm man for one year.    $25 will support a seminarian for one year.    It is desired to make a correction of a statement in last week’s issue, in which it was said. that a man had been sent to this place for a term of twenty years for the larceny of a tub of lard. This is altogether so, for it has since been learned, there were also two mince-pies included in the loot, but never recovered.

