---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 20
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 23
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Owing to the Stable grounds being encumbered with building material, the game scheduled for today, between the Ninth and Shed was postponed. In order that the men from the blocks might not be disappointed, however, an exhibition game between the two teams was played, which was neither baseball nor humor. The Ninth are a pretty classy lot of ball players, but, as a bunch of comedians, they are a rank failure. The postponed game of the Ninth and Stocking Shed was played on Saturday, and resulted in favor of the former, by the score, 10—2. The Shed was hopelessly outclassed, and the game devoid of interest. Timmy, manager of the Ninth, who is to leave us shortly, has appointed Sam, better known as “Chef,” as acting manager of the Ninth, pending the selection of a permanent leader. Duckie with his arm in a sling, and sporting a big Perfecto was a disgusted witness of the game between the Ninth and Shed last Saturday. His only comment was, “my Gawd, it was orful.”Yeap pitched six straight games last week, and on Saturday. when the Band played the Library, he was all in. The Yanigans had the temerity to clash with the South Street Delegates yesterday afternoon, and in consequence were trimed by the score 6—5. The Fourth block met and defeated the Green House men yesterday afternoon by the score of 10—6. Harris pitched for the Fourth, and would have made the defeat even worse than it was, had it not been for the many outrageous errors of the short stop. However, no lives were lost. Yeap did some hard work last week. He pitched in six games of which he won 1, tied 3, lost 2. One of the games lost has been protested. 
