---
title: Season’s Wind Up: Great Interest Manifested in Closing Games—Ninth Seem to Have the Pennant Nailed -- Season a Big Success.  
author: Unknown
issue: 27
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 24
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SEASON’S WIND UP    Great Interest Manifested in Closing Games—Ninth Seem to Have the Pennant Nailed -- Season a Big Success.     As the base ball season is drawing to a close, interest in the final games is becoming intense, and centered around the Ninth, Plasterers and Cubs, whose recent performance justifies the belief that the final struggle will be noteworthy, and conducted with that due regard to true sportsmanship that is characteristic of the great American game. No championship games between the big Leaguers, is looked forward to much keener anticipation than those of the final games between the leaders in the E. S. P. League, and if the Cubs or Plasterers should succeed in ousting the Ninth from their seemingly secure first position, there would be great joy in MacKentieville. For it is rather a singular condition that while the Ninth block boys have attained their leadership solely through their merits, the fact remains that a great majority of the men are rooting for the other clubs. The contests this season have been conducted with an earnestness, and regard for the niceties of the sport, that at one time was considered as almost impossible. This conduct has not been confined to the players, but the men on the Blocks have performed their part as interested spectators, and rooted for the favorites with an enthusiasm, which for the time at least carried them far away from any other thoughts than those inspired by the struggle which they were witnessing, It is a pleasure to note how readily the men conformed to the rules governing their conduct at the games, and at no time permitted their enthusiasm to run away with their discretion. All of the rules governing the big League were incorporated in the ones adopted here as far as possible, and while it has been difficult to secure the proper umpires, those who served in that capacity, were at least honest in. their judgments, and all teams suffered equally by their mistakes. A record of all players has been kept, and the games have been regularly reported in these columns, through which the inmates of the entire institution were in touch with local baseball conditions. Several times it has been deemed advisable to give the the players an opportunity to recover from the effects of their vigorous play, but the casualties have been trifling, and were more than offset by the improvement in health, spirits, disposition, and regained interest of the men. 
