---
title: Band and Library
author: Unknown
issue: 27
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 24
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BAND AND LIBRARY    The contest for fourth place now existing between these two teams is fully as interesting as those between the three leaders, for they are very evenly matched, and never concede a game lost until the last man is out, or the whistle blows. The Band now has the advantage of a two game lead, but, is somewhat weak in the pitching department, with only Yeap to depend on. The Library is considerably better off in this direction, for while they have no ‘“‘stars,” they have four men who can go in and twirl pretty fair ball for about three innings. Big Louie cannot always be depended on, but once in a while, when he is feeling right, he can put up a good fight. The same applies to Ban, while Mike and Charlie have both done well at times. The Band is also dreadfully. weak in its first baseman, whose playing is too erratic to justify his guardianship of so important a position. The Library, on the contrary, has secured a bang-up man in Slip, to fill this bag, and he is also a good batter, who knows how to run. In other positions there is very little difference between these men, but as they are all playing earnestly, there is always an element of doubt existing during their games together which is only removed when they are entirely over. While the pennant is entirely beyond their reach at this late day, at the same time the honor of leading the second division is a goal one of them must attain and worth striving for.       Connie Mack’s response to Big Jack’s request for a supply of base balls was as prompt as it was liberal. 


