---
title: Facts About Yourself
author: Pliny
issue: 27
volume: 8
year: 1913
month: 24
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
FACTS ABOUT YOURSELF   The bones of the average man weigh twenty pounds; those of a woman about fourteen pounds. Although every chemist knows the constituents of a bone, no process of artificially manufacturing one has yet been invented. A healthy man, about thirty years of age, should lift two hundred and forty pounds with both hands, and support three hundred and thirty pounds on his shoulders. A man has sufficient fat in his composition to make fourteen pounds of candles, and enough phosphorus and other materials to make ninety-eight cubic yards of illuminating gas and eight hundred and twenty-thousand matches From one’s body can also be obtained twenty one teaspoonfuls of salt, fifty lumps of sugar, forty quarts of water, and hydrogen enough to fill a balloon capable of lifting one hundred and fifty-five pounds. Your fingernails do not all grow with the same degree of rapidity. The nail of the middle finger grows the fastest, and that of the thumb the slowest. Boys who are tall for their age are usually born in summer, and those born in November are shortest. The average girl born in summer or Fall is stronger, physically, than one born in other seasons. From the human machine, the four great and earliest inventions were originally derived—the flail, the rudder, the wheel, and the screw. The flail is an elongated arm; the rudder is the open hand; the motion of the spokes of a wheel is merely continuous walking; the screw is the hand cutting diagonally, as a paddle does in sculling a boat from its stern. Thousands of other inventions had a similar origin. The rake, the hoe, the hammer, the knife, the fork, the wrench are all only the human arm the saw, and hand in different applications. —Pliny.       Enthusiasm is the height of man, it is the passing from the human to the divine. —Emerson.       Praise loudly, blame softly, and carry a big stick. --T. R.
