---
title: "The World’s Series: Will be an Even Bet—Umpire Robs Philadelphia Club— Johnson Fails to Break Record "
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 25
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE WORLD’S SERIES    Will be an Even Bet—Umpire Robs Philadelphia Club— Johnson Fails to Break Record    CONNIE Mack says that the next world’s series between the New York Giants and the Athletics will be the hardest fought that the country has ever seen. The New Yorkers are particularly strong in their pitching department, and the Athletics are depending upon their bunch of youngsters, in Brown, Shawkey, Houck and Bush, with the veterans Plank and Bender as old reliable features, to oppose them. Manager Mack says: ‘I realize that McGraw’s club is stronger than it was in 1911, and I can see that my men will have a battle ahead of them. I wont say that the Athletics will outhit New York, and I believe a great deal will depend upon the break of luck.” “Neither Danny Murphy, or Harry. Davis will get into the coming series, but they will be on hand with timely advice. My club fought the Giants in a disabled condition in the first battle. The were right in 1911 and although it is doubtful whether Coombs can come back, I will have a well-conditioned team on the field this year. McGraw’s club looks so much better than it did in¢ 1911 that if I were a betting man, I should say, it was an even wager between these two clubs, always supposing that each wins the pennant.” Incidentally the Phillies put a crimp in McGraw’s men when they took two straight from them last week. As a matter of fact, it should be three straight, for the game last Saturday, when the score stood 8S—6, in favor of the Phillies in the last inning, with one man out, Umpire Brennen called the game forfeited to New York, 9—0, for the reason that the authorities refused to remove about 200 fans in the center field seats, who as Brennen claimed, interfered with his vision of the ball. His action precipitated a near-riot, and police protection was required for the autocratic umpire, and the Giants, on their way to the train. By his action the Phillies will lose, no matter which way President Lynch rules. If Brennen is upheld, then the game goes to to the Giants, if he is not, then neither club will be awarded the game, as it was not played out. Brennen’s arbitrary action spoiled the finish of one Of the most exciting games witnessed in this city for years. Walter Johnson of the Washington failed to set up a new record for successive victories when Boston won an 11 inning contest last Thursday, by the score of 1—0. This will stand as the season’s record, but is two games short of the mark set by Johnson and Wood, last season. Thursday’s game was a remarkable exhibition of pitching skill. For ten innings Johnson disposed of Boston batsmen in a procession that was monotonous, except for the interest which his performance developed. In the eleven innings only 35 men faced him, and but four of these reached bases. Only one man got to first base in the first nine innings. Ten Boston batsmen struck out and Johnson working like a machine did not allow a single pass, and only two hits were made off of his delivery throughout the game. 




