---
title: "Labor Day Concert: E.S.P. Band Renders Difficult Program With Splendid Success" 
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 25
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LABOR DAY CONCERT E. S. P. Band Renders Difficult Program With Splendid Success FILLED with pride and great big chunks of watermelon, the E. S. P. Band marched on the Center by way of the Twelfth Block last Monday afternoon, and for several hours entertained a large number of visitors and inmates with a varied selection of classical music. The program from the musician’s point of view was all that could be desired, and was notable for the many difficult numbers rendered with an accuracy and due regard for technique, which must have delighted a connoisseur, if any were present. The difficulties the Band had mastered in order. to secure such splendid execution, was entirely overlooked by the great majority, and failed of that appreciation to which it was entitled. Some of Sousa’s splendid marches, or good old ragtime, to keep the feet moving, would have been better adapted to the general taste. The Concert gave Professor Wiegandt an opportunity to display the wonderful results he has achieved with the Band, and certainly their performance reflected credit alike upon the master and his pupils. At the conclusion of the Concert, the men formed in line, and to the air of “Old Faithful’, returned to the Band room, where a substantial lunch was served, through the courtesy of the Warden. Labor Day was made eventful in MacKentieville not alone by the splendid entertainment. furnished by the Band, but also by the wide distribution of generous portions of “red, r-i-p-e, w-a-t-e-r mil-yuns.”
