---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 25
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE ONE ‘‘Best Seller’’—the Bible. The most widely read book the world has ever known, the constant source of inspiration and knowledge of even those who profess their unbelief in its divine origin; found in palaces and in hovels. It is the valued reference book of the student and his preceptor, and read by those who cannot read anything else. No other book begins to approach it in the number of volumes issued; no other book is in such steady demand. During the past 97 years, the British and Foreign Bible Society, and the American Bible Society, have distributed 340,000,000 copies of this wonderful publication. Certainly, ‘‘there is a reason.” The New York Legislature has impeached Governor Sulzer, and now the people have started in to impeach the Legislators, as already seven of those who voted in favor of the proceedings have failed of re-nomination. There is certainly some ‘‘peach”’ of a time in the great Empire State these days. President Wilson has given President Huerta of Mexico a pretty bitter pill to swallow, when he demands the immediate cessation of hostilities between the Government and rebel forces, and the utter elimination of himself as a candidate for the Presidency in the future. Failure to do so, to be followed by an order prohibiting the shipment of arms and ammunition from the United States to either of the belligerents. “You be good now, or I won't give you any cake.”   Yes Rocky, “No Labor Day” would be a more appropriate name. 
