---
title: "How to Write a Letter: A Few General Instructions For the One Who Don't Know How"
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 25
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
How to Write a Letter A Few General Instructions For the One Who Don't Know How Almost everyone has occasion to write letters, and it is astonishing how comparatively few people, even among the educated classes, are able to express themselves intelligently, or interestingly on paper. As in all other subjects of composition, the aim of a letter, is to produce an effect, and the difference of a well written letter, and a badly written letter, is as great as that between the good and bad of anything else. The first requisite in letter writing is to be simple and natural, for a stiff and formal manner is as bad in a letter, as it is in conversation. The best letters ate those which are the easiest written, where the flow of language is natural, and conveys the subject that the heart or imagination dictates, in an interesting manner. When there is no subject to warm or interest, constraint appears, and is bound to have an unfavorable effect, when the contrary is desired. It is for this reason that so many letters of compliments, congratulations, gratitude and affected condolence, which have cost the most labor in composing, and which for that reason, perhaps are considered as masterpieces are usually the most disagreeable and insipid to their readers. Carelessness in letter writing is an unpardonable sin. Even when writing to -he most intimate friend or relative, every attention should be given to the subject, the spelling, penmanship and general form. Abbreviation of words is in extremely bad taste, and should never be used, as they are indicative of haste, and show a want of respect, which is not desirable. A letter upon personal matters especially should show upon its face, that the construction of it was a matter of pleasure, and that it was brought to a conclusion with reluctance. The heading of a letter should contain Joliet prison are at present eligible, but, the name of the city, town or post office, the authorities propose to extend the and State, together with the date, thus: West Chester, Penna. August 26, 1913. Some persons place the date on the bottom of a letter, but as the one recommended, is the one in most general use, everyone should conform to it. Letters may begin with, Sir, Dear Sir, My dear Sir, My dear Mr. Page, My dear Adele, My dear Sirs, Gentlemen, etc., etc., according to the relations of respect, intimacy or affection existing between the writer and the one addressed. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 
