---
title: Their Word of Honor
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 25
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THEIR WORD OF HONOR    The State of Illinois is about to take up an experiment with its convicts, which will be watched with the greatest interest by penologists and humanitarians throughout the world. It is no less than placing into practical operation the so-called “honor system.”    As a beginning, forty men under the supervision of a single Overseer to direct their labors, will be placed at work on the State roads with no other precaution for their safekeeping than that contained in their simple “word of honor” that they will not attempt to escape, and will obey the instructions of the Overseer. The latter will be alone with the men, and unarmed, nor will there be any physical means employed to prevent their escape, should they renounce their pledged word.    Their clothing will not be in any way distinctive from that of any other laborers, and on Sundays, they will have a change, and the privilege of receiving their friends, and taking part in the games of baseball, or such other forms of healthy amusement they may choose. They will have a military camp equipment, and at night there will be a single watcher to guard the supplies, and give attention to any who may be ill.    All men serving sentences under five years are eligible to this work, and an arrangement has been effected with the Governor, who is in hearty sympathy with the plan, by which all men so employed, will have one day of their time remitted, for each three days of labor performed. This in addition to the regular commutation allowed for good behavior.    Nearly seven hundred men now in Joliet prison are at present eligible, but, the authorities propose to extend the privileges gradually, in order to note the results among small bodies of men, and through them determine the extent to which they may go with the others. They have great faith in the merit of the plan, and men in a position to properly estimate the character of convicts, believe it will be a success.    
