---
title: Local Pick-Ups
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 25
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LOCAL PICK-UPS    Johnson now rates himself with Ty Cobb, as a money-getter, and will ask for a $12,500 salary, it is said.       Delawareans shouted themselves hoarse, and reveled in ecstatic joy last Saturday, when in the presence of a huge crowd, the Tri-State Pennant for 1913 was raised above the club grounds at Wilmington, for the first time in the history of the state.      Joe Jackson, of the Cleveland American’s is leading the batters of his League by the narrow margin of one point above the redoubtable Tyrus Cobb.       Of sixteen hitters of .300 and over, the Athletics have six in their bunch.       Walter Johnson leads the pitchers of both Leagues with a record of 29 won and 5 lost, or .853.       Little Ike wishes to thank Mr. Loan for a sample of watermelon sent to him last Monday, and says it was alright; please fill his order for a half dozen just like it.       Some excited person called up the Umpire office on Labor Day to state that Rabbi was taking advantage of the holiday to wash his shirt, A reporter was detailed to investigate this remarkable story, and discovered it to be a hoax.       All of the ball players, with the exception of Duckie have fully recovered, and now are straining at their leashes, like well trained hounds waiting for the Warden to cry: “Let her go.”       There is no truth in the rumor that Stump, of the Plasterers, and Cap John, of the Ninth, are to meet and play a game of checkers to determine the E. S. P. League Championship.       After their strenuous efforts on Labor Day the Band, headed by Prof. Wiegandt, will enter upon a well-earned vacation.       “Red” Donahue, an old time baseball man is dead, and a local newspaper referred to his death under the caption. “Gone to the Great Umpire.”’      A careful scrutiny of the standing of the E. S. P. League reveals the Stocking Shed in the same position as it was when Ducky relinquished the management. 
