---
title: "The Prison-Lawyer: A Menace"
author: B-6591
issue: 10
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 26
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE PRISON - LAWYER    A Menace    BY THE EDITOR    The prison-lawyer is as much in evidence in penal institutions today, as the sea-lawyer was in the merchant marine fifty years ago.    While the latter spouted maritime law in an endless stream to his eager listeners, the former zealously inflicts his knowledge, or rather lack of knowledge upon his credulous companions in the jails.    The prison-lawyer is rampant within these walls, as he is within the walls of all similar institutions. If you -care to listen to him and then forget all he says, it may at least afford you entertainment for a while, but if you take him seriously, it is sure to be at the cost of your peace of mind; therefore, don’t do it.    The prison-lawyer does not cite authorities when rendering opinions, but instead, calls to mind cases in which he has often figured as a principal, or the cases of others whom he may have known, or yet others, who were known to someone he knew, and so on. As a hanger-on of criminal trials, and an omnivorous reader of criminal news, coupled with a retentive memory, he has acquired a vocabulary of high-sounding legal terms which he uses convincingly in explaining any point of law which may arise. Within the short space of five minutes he can hear, and pass judgment on a case which would require the Supreme court Justices many weary months of research, for no question of law is too intricate for the prison-lawyer.    Above all things else, he is an inveterate liar. Once having defined his position, he will use all of the lies necessary to maintain it. To a trained mind these lies are simply laughable; it is only with a mind equally as well trained, can a liar hope to be successful. A criminal through lack of training will usually take the witness stand in his own defense with a confidence in his story, that gives its utterance an air of truth to a major portion of all who hear it, but to the presiding judge and lawyers in attendance, it is only pitifully ridiculous through its palpable flimsiness. To illustrate: during a severe thunder storm a young man called to the writer that his hand had been struck by lightning. He walked over to him, examined his hand and found nothing wrong with it, and told him so. The young man persisted, and laid his hand on the desk near the open window, the position he was in at first, and as he did so, there was another flash, and he cried, ‘there it is again, didn’t you see it?’ It was ridiculous of course, for it was only the reflection of the light on his hand which he saw, yet he persisted that he had been struck by the lightning both times— and seemed to rather enjoy it. That man has regaled his friends for years with this story of how he was “struck by lightning.” The foundation of most of the prison-lawyer’s stories have as little merit.    He claims perfect information on all matters, from the inception of a crime to its detection and punishment. He will talk indefinitely or as long as he has an audience, on the “rights of convicts,” and the infringement on those “rights” by prison authorities. Don’t believe him. The so-called “rights” of a convict are so trifling, they really cannot be considered as being worthwhile infringing on.    Prison authorities, contrary to the general, impression have no wish to detain a man a moment longer than the law prescribes. They area pointed by the Governor on account of their high character and splendid probity. In every instance they are well known men of affairs, whose business abilities and sense of honor are beyond question.    They have no interest in keeping any of us here, nor are they infringing upon any of our ‘‘rights’’ as the prison-lawyer would have you believe. On the contrary they are only too glad too see us go, and make room for the others now being born to take our places. They have no fear of losing their jobs through want of inmates to care for. Vice and crime have existed since the Creation, and always will exist, and always will be punished, though some moderation is hoped for, at least.    The prison lawyer will cite instances of injustices all day, but in the end, it will be found without an exception, that an atom of fact has usually been first distorted, then magnified a thousand times, then told and retold so frequently as to be finally accepted as the truth.    Therefore, don’t take him seriously. Use your own intelligence and weigh the things which are told you. If they have the slightest taint of unreasonableness, pass them by and forget them. I don't mean you should go through the world suspecting all men liars. Heaven forbid but, I would like to see all men use the common sense that the Lord has given to them and look a little bit under the coating of the liar’s pill before it is swallowed.       Softly now—never mention it—but the fact is, there is no graft equal to honesty. 

