---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 10
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 26
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
GET UP and get. Get an acre and live on it. Get a spade and dig. Get off the back of the workers. Get the shirkers off your back. Get honest. Get busy. A correspondent criticizes the heading “games scheduled for next week’’ used on another page, as misleading. Not at all. The games are “‘scheduled’’ all right, but that they are not going according to schedule, is another story. There is little that the government can do for the workingman, compared with what he can do for himself. Tobacco, booze, gambling, ignorance and superstition, are optional in America, not compulsory. THAT A MAN and a maid should marry, is beautiful and right. Every man who has accomplished much in the world has been aided by a good woman. A man alone is only half a man. A woman alone, is silly. Men and women inspire each other, and put each other on their good behavior. A group of men, alone are rogues. There is nothing more divine than the comradeship of a man and woman mentally mated. They double their joys, and halve their sorrows, by sharing them. Moving at a like pace, they move forward hand in hand. Thus spake, the Oracle, Fra Elbertus, and he knoweth, for it was he that picked a “peach” in the Garden of Love, when the “lemon” turned its head. The Umpire is in need of some original contributions to fill out its columns for the entertainment of its readers. Bits of sentiment, expressed in two hundred words or less, are acceptable, if it is real sentiment, and not gush. There is a wide difference, and the Editor will draw the line. That is one of the reasons why we have an Editor— the others we have not found out, yet. Poetry is also required, but near-poetry will answer in the absence of the real thing. Doggerel verse is not wanted. For the benefit of those who don’t know what “‘doggerel verse’’ is, we point to the weird lines in ‘‘Who’s Who’ as a frightful example They are bad enough, the Lord knows, and we don’t want any that areas bad, or even as good, but we would be glad to have a few regular contributors to share the labor. That is about all there is to share, for the emoluments are what our English correspondent would call, nil, while there is absolutely no glory. There never lived an Editor who was even on speaking terms with that lady. The Printer’s devil, the copy-man, and the scrub-lady, have all met her at different times, but Miss Glory has ever been shy in the presence of the Editor. Don’t let that deter you, however, send in some jokes, if you have nothing worse, but see that they first have the attention of the barber. You get good by giving it. The Warden of the Ohio Penitentiary believes that if a man is not thoroughly reformed, evidence of his continued depravity will land him back behind the walls inside of two years. Acting upon this assumption, he states “that hereafter when a man has been on parole for two years, and shows that he is living the right kind of life, I will recommend him for full release and do all in my power to see that he is placed entirely on his own responsibility.” 
