---
title: The Devil’s Soliloquy
author: Lockhart, H.P.
issue: 10
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 26
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WITH THE POETS    THE DEVIL’S SOLILOQUY    This measly print shop is no place for me:    Good manners in this joint don’t make no hit.    The slang them printers uses—Hully chee!—    Would make a Yale professor throw a fit.    You bet your life I wouldn’t talk the stuff;    I never could stand for that kind of guff!    Me mudder, too; if ever she got wise    That I was usin’ slang, she’d bust my slats.    So many times she tells me ‘“‘Bat yer eyes,    Or ye’ll be talking like them Casey brats.”    Them kids talk slang, but say! I got a hunch    They ain’t got nothin’ on this printer bunch!    This mornin’ when I first come down to work    The foreman says: ‘‘Here, Henry hit the pike,    An’ git your skates on—don’t you dast to shirk;    Be back in fifteen minutes. Skip, now, hike!”    At first I didn’t tumble, then I went:    For ‘‘Chase myself ’’ was all the geezer meant.    He talks a lot about the “‘galley,”’ too;    I s’pose he means his girl. I rather guess    That she’d be pretty mad if she just knew.    How much he talks ‘bout putting forms to press    Say! If he wants to hug her, that’s his game.    I wouldn’t talk about it, just the same.    I guess I’ll have to quit; I’m getting bad.    Sometimes I hate to go to Sunday school;    I’ll sure lose all the bringin’-up I’ve had    If I do everythin’ by printers rule.    But if I stay and all the rest goes hang,    Say what you will—I'm darned if I’ll talk slang!    —H. P. Lockhart. 


