---
title: "How to Write a Letter: A Few General Instructions For the One Who Don't Know How (CONTINUED FROM LAST WEEK)"
author: Mitch
issue: 10
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 26
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
How to Write a Letter    A Few General Instructions For the One Who Don't Know How    (CONTINUED FROM LAST WEEK)    In closing a letter it is well in all ordinary cases to give the proper address at the bottom, the same that is placed on the envelope, in order to guard against the letter going into the wrong hands at any time. The exception to this is when in writing a business letter, the address should be placed at the beginning, thus, Messrs. Strawbridge & Clothier, 8th. and Market Sts. Philadelphia Pa. Gentlemen :— In closing a letter, always sign the name with more or less fulness, and in terms of respect or affection as the conditions call for. The terms vary, so that no genera’ rule can be followed. A good form is, Yours very truly, or, Your obedient servant. A letter to an official, or prospective employer, may be closed, Very respectfully. Toa friend, Affectionately Yours, or, Yours sincerely, while to a member of the family or sweetheart, Lovingly yours is expressive. Many persons in signing, give only the initials of their given name, thus, S. A. Mears, or, J. M. Slow. would never know from this, whether A stranger the writer is Samuel or Sadie, or Joshua or Jane, and therefore be at a loss how the reply should be addressed. The address on the envelope, should be written with extreme care, with entire distinctness and legibility, and never with ornamental flourishes. It should contain the name with the title (Mr., Mrs., Miss, Dr., Rev., Hon., etc.,) residence, (street and number) and Town and State, or Country of the one addressed. The name should occupy the central portion of the envelope, with the residence following on succeeding lines, so that there may be ample room above the address for the stamp and postmark, or any notations the post-office department may wish to make, in order to locate the person to whom it is sent—For example: Mr. John Wanamaker, 13th and Market Sts., Philadelphia, Pa. In conclusion, endeavor to write your letter in simple language, as concisely as possible, and by all means avoid the use of high sounding phrases, and lengthy or unusual words, which only have the effect of rendering your efforts constrained or stilted, and in too many cases even bombastic to the point of ridicule. — Mitch.       THE END 


