---
title: Untitled
author: B-6591
issue: 22
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 32
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Dr. NEFF SAYs now is the time to “swat” the flies. Incidentally it is always the time to “swat” that other little pestiferous insect, who does much to interfere with our rest and comfort. The Joy of householders upon learning that heavy shipments of beef from Argentina were on their way to the coast cities was short lived. With a far-sightedness, and business acumen which accounts for their great wealth, the big western packers, it has been learned, have been quietly acquiring large tracts of grazing land in South America, and the beef now on its way here, is the property of these same gentlemen. That it will not be sold at a price to affect the American product, is the one best bet. The admission of beef into this country, duty free, becomes a joke, under these circumstances. Julian Hawthorne, the Poet-novelist, and until recently, the editor of Good Words, the Atlanta prison publication, was released last week, after serving a term of one year in that institution. The papers state that he is in robust health, and gained 30 pounds in weight while in prison. From this we gather another instance of the immutability of the law of averages—for that is just about what the editor of this paper has lost in the same time. PRESIDENT HUERTA’S arbitrary prorogation of the Mexican National Congress, his arrest of 110 Deputies, and assumption of dictatorship has engendered widespread fear in Mexico. Washington officials also fear another Diaz rule, and are convinced that Huerta is not competent to cope with the situation. RUSSIAN EXPLORERS engaged in investigating the territory north of Siberia reported the discovery of a body of land as large as Greenland, which they have taken possession of in the name of the Czar, and named Nicholas II Land. It extends beyond latitude 81 north and longitude 102 east. This carries out the theory of an American scientist, who through a close study of the ocean currents, gave it as his belief some years ago that such a body of land existed in that vicinity. A NEW AFTER-TREATMENT of vaccination has been recently tried on about 500 Swarthmore College students. It is claimed that it reduces liability of infection, lessens inflammation. and_ hastens recovery. CONTRACTS are about to be made for the first permanent building of the new State Penitentiary, near Bellefonte. It is for the structure to house the electric chair, and men condemned to death, and will be rushed to completion, as the law requiring electrocutions instead of death by hanging, is now in force, and victims waiting. It is said the new building will be of reinforced concrete in the Renaissance style of architecture, while the ‘‘Throne of Death” will be of massive oak, and the finest of any now in use. This will certainly be appreciated by the condemned men, for it is not to everyone that the distinction is accorded, of going to their death by way of a “throne.” History tells us, that for centuries, this was a prerogative exclusive to Kings, who did not always have access to a “‘Renaissance’’ building at that. —THE EDITOR. 
