---
title: Library vs. Ninth
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 4
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LIBRARY vs NINTH   In a well-played practice game on Friday, the Ninth defeated the Library by the score of 2-1. The game was interesting from start to finish, and some bright and snappy plays were pulled off. From the way the Library played against the Ninth, they are going to be a contender for the flag, and it will be well for the Plasterers and Ninth to be on their mettle when they meet them.   A most deplorable accident happened in the third inning and marred what would have been a perfect day for the Library’s manager. A bat that he had would have been a perfect day for the Library’s manager. A bat that he had intended to use all season, and which : was made especially for him by a firm in Kokomo, Ind., was broken. It touched us to the heart to see the look on the Library manager’s face. But he was brave; ah yes, far more than some of his players. “Big Whitey” was so overcome with emotion, that he had to be assisted to the Store House steps; and even then he couldn’t control his feelings, until Mr. Loan took him in and let him look at a bag of sugar. “Beef Trust” on all the league teams, was seen leaning against the wall crying, as though his poor little heart would break. Upon questioning him as to why he took it hard, we discovered that the bat really belonged to him –his brother having got it with a $4.85 suit at Gimbel’s.   One of the features of the game was the coaching of “Joe”, clerk in the Writer’s Room.   

