---
title: Talked About
author: Unknown
issue: 22
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 32
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TALKED ABOUT    110 men granted parole.    Certain newspapers are criticizing the law which permits the discharge of so many men at the same time, but there is no criticism of the law which permits a judge to send a man to prison for 30 years for the theft of a few chickens. Nor of a term of 20 years for the larceny of a tub of lard.    Coincident with the discharge of such a large number of men, is the announcement that the proprietor of a chain of lunchrooms in this city has advanced the charges on all orders of meats. This is rough on the boys going out.    Another coincidence in this connection is the arrest of just 110 members of the Mexican congress.    The Orchestra was fully alive to the interest of the men, when during the concert last Saturday evening, the Poet sang:    Good-bye boys, your last pot-pie will come to-morrow.    Good-bye boys, you are going to sunshine from sorrow.    No more wishing for the time to come,    When you can see the folks at home—    You have our wishes best,    It’s up to you to do the rest, So good-bye boys.    A tragedy of our American life was disclosed the other day, when ten little girls ranging from nine to twelve years of age took the pledge to abstain from the use of strong drink. If there is one social condition requiring instant and effective attention, it is this one of parents encouraging little children in the use of liquors under the ignorant supposition that it will ‘make them strong.”    The Umpire Word Contest closes to-day, and the successful contestant, with list of words, will be announced in the issue of November 5.    San Quentin (California) prison has inaugurated weekly entertainments of moving pictures for the better behaved inmates. The pictures will be of educational interest, and subjects relating to crime be excluded. Most of us are sick of crime, and it is certainly one of the mysteries of human nature, that crime has such a strong fascination for people of known high morality.    Count Zeppelin lost his seventh huge dirigible airship, when the “Zeppelin L2” was wrecked in the clouds by an explosion, and 28 men lost their lives out of a crew of 29. It is said the German Emperor wept, when apprised of the catastrophe.    After twenty-seven years in Public life, William Sulzer, late Governor of New York has been removed from his high office by a special Court of Impeachment, organized to hear the charges and decide proper action, The Court voted to remove him from his position, but mercifully refrained from disqualifying him from holding office in the future.    He was pronounced not guilty of the charges of larceny; one of the members stating, that the Governor's action was nothing more serious than that which is vulgarly termed, ‘‘panhandling.”’ Some of Mr. Sulzer’s warmest friends were constrained to vote against him, in view of his evident crude ideas of morality, as adduced from the evidence.    Rev. T. William Davidson, and Rev. Thomas J. Taylor of the Episcopal City Mission, conducted services here last Thursday in memory of the late Richard Vaux, at one time a member of the Board of Inspectors. The services were largely attended, and 62 of the men received Holy Communion.    At the earnest request of an esteemed correspondent on the Eighth block, we print the following query: ‘‘How can a man, who is accustomed to washing his own socks, afford to bet on a ball game?” The answer, to be sent to B 6389.    The panacea for crime is work, and plenty of it. When people work, they have little time, or inclination for wrongdoing.    “People are rarely more innocently employed,” said Dr. Johnson, “than when they are earning money.” If one-half the money spent in paying the results of crime of any sort, were used in a campaign to entice all idlers to go to work, a whole lot of jail space would be permanently vacant.    “If dis yer Oct-ets is gwine ter give concerts right erlong, I don’ want no parole,” remarked old Nelse upon the conclusion of the concert Monday evening.




