---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 27
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE NATURAL interest aroused by placing into effect the recent Legislative enactment affecting the ‘‘old-timers,” great that we give in full a copy of the bill, from which it may be seen that all persons convicted prior to July 1, 1911 are entitled to all of the benefits accruing under the Act of Legislature June, 1911, after they have served one-third of their original sentence. The Supplementary bill providing for this is as follows: No. 340 A SUPPLEMENTTo an act, approved the nineteenth day of June one thousand nine hundred and eleven, entitled “An act authorizing the release on probation of certain convicts, instead of imposing sentences; the appointment of probation and parole officers, and the payment of their salaries and expenses; regulating the manner of sentencing convicts in certain cases, and providing for their release on parole; their conviction of crime during parole, and their re-arrest and reconviction for breach of parole and extending the powers and duties of boards of prison inspectors of penitentiaries.”Section 1. Be it enacted &c., That any convict in the State penitentiaries, who is now serving under a sentence or sentences imposed prior to the first day of July, one thousand nine hundred and eleven, may, when he or she shall have served one-third of such sentence or sentences, be eligible to parole under the provisions, and subject to the conditions of the Act of which this is a supplement.Approved -- The 19th day of June, A.D. 1913.John K. Tener. A man who has a job has a chance. The Eternal Question. Did you make parole? 
