---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 27
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
The waters of the Pacific ocean have been let into the Panama canal, and it looks now as if it will be ready for business, long before the date set for the official opening.    Any man who thinks he is so very much better than other men, isn’t.    President Wilson appears to have more faith in the money power of Wall Street, to bring the Mexican President to terms, than he has in the power of the Army and Navy.    The man who is severe to himself, is gentle in his judgment of others.    A local paper states that the daughter of the President of the United States was compelled to occupy the upper birth of a sleeping car, because “no gentleman or Democrat would surrender his reservation.”    But why this distinction between a gentleman and a Democrat?    I’ve always noticed that those who have diamonds, wear them.    The giant ocean liner, “Imperators” sailed from England for New York last Thursday with the largest number of persons ever aboard a ship, a total of 5019 including a crew of 1400.    A year in jail is long enough, but a week would be better.    In sending in matter for publication in the Umpire, if not original with the writer, please state the source from which it was taken. And another thing, be concise; write against ‘‘space,’’ not for it.   Health must be earned. Get it, you Lobster.    The Warden accompanied by the Rev. James E. Ely, will lead a parade of 2000 mission workers through the streets of the Tenderloin tomorrow night, to mark the closing of the Lemon Hill Association’s summer service on the City Hall plaza.   




