---
title: Midnight Musings
author: J.P.C.
issue: 17
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 27
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WITH THE POETS    MIDNIGHT MUSINGS    Sitting alone in the Gallery, under the hazy light,    Filled with my thoughts and musings, I ponder here tonight.    ’Tis of the personalities, that I meet every day    Within this walled community, where I, perforce, must stay   While sitting here alone, then, ’midst this fantastic throng,    The Band” begins to play, when, I picture “Joe” in song.    I see ‘Ragtime Wop’s”’ raptures, and oh, it brings to me,    A vision clear and vivid of “Da granda old Country.”    I fail to hear the music, but see a lively throng,    With energies at baseball—above I hear “Slick’s” song;    As sung by him in the catcher’s box, with sweetness ne’er but brief,    And now, alone, I ponder, could “Doc” behold my grief.       I have wandered as a ‘‘Rabbi,” in search of “Ireland’s Jew.”    And now my “Fingers” tell me that I’ve found that “Harp” in you.    I’ve “Stumped” about for sweet content, and “Bobbed” in vain for rest,    I know I ne’er could find it “Dick,” save on thy “‘tinsmith’s chest.”       Amidst this scene of mirth and tears, I hear the ‘‘Poets’’ rave,    “Jingles,” “Tingles,” “Bingles,” all, a-shipwrecked’’ at my grave.    I see “Burnedblack” in mem’ry now, a “‘Curly” “Spider’s” form    A symbol of my creepiness that day dispels with morn.    As I dwell in flights of fancy on this many-sided play,    The ‘‘Corsicans’’ are uppermost in their Vaudevillian way.    “Reading” “Wades” thro’ music, too, in “Chee-Chaw” rhythmic scale,    Turning gloom to comedy within my mental pale.       Confusion halts my musings as the characters flit past—    “Beef-trust,” “Marty,” “Augie, “Joe” “Herman with his last.”    Neverendingly they go, “Lippy,” “Felix,” “Wade.    “Big Jack” with his “ginger-cake”, one that “Tony” made.      So, dwelling here in solitude, recounting time and place,    With much to chase the quietude—an oft’ familiar face,    I know that thus in fantasy, unceasing tho’ my quest,    Countiess ones slip stealthily by in unforgetful rest.       My eyes grow dim with sleepiness, amid this “nickname”’ train,    I know “Old Morpheus” waits for me, to clasp me once again.    My thoughts pine for the journey’s end, when I too shall be free,    And I'll lie down in weariness—these phantoms far from me.    -- J. P. C.      Matrimonial bonds are taxable but, not always negotiable.      


