---
title: The Pain Killer
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 3
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE PAIN KILLER   “Some people are born great; others achieve greatness; and still others have it thrust upon them. It took “Billy” Muldoon, something like ten years to build up a name for his place at White was recognized, and he spent a fortune in advertising before he began to show results. But we have a man in our midst who gained fame overnight, and today he is the only authorized exterminator of pain, aches and rheumatic disorders of all descriptions. An unassuming young man, flitting hither and hither, bent upon his daily task of removing pain. You no doubt have often met him on his travels through the place. A dark swarthy fellow, and at the first glance would be taken for a Mexican or a Spaniard, but upon closer inspection you will notice a wide mouth, inlaid with two solid rows of ivory, lop-eared, and with a hungry expression always on his face ‘Why it’s “Monk”, you'll say. Of course it is; we’re sure you knew it all the time. You know, to begin at the beginning; that “Monk”, got his start from the Ninth Block Club. Last year, during one of the important games, “ Bill’, the off-side-hurler of the Ninth, while pitching a game against the Giants, was seized with a pain in his arm, which pain extended from above the elbow, ‘through the spinal verum, (medical term; “Monk, and Jack the nurse, understands what it means), and stopped at the back of his left ear. The Ninth Block team were in a quandary; their best pitcher incapacitated, two more games to be played with the Giants, and they only three games away from first place. Things looked black, when someone suggested ““Monk”; and when he came, things became still blacker. He looked the arm over with a critical eye, and then slowly led “Bill” away.       The game then proceeded with another pitcher in the box. Hardly had the new pitcher been warmed up, when cry was heard from the crowd, and “Bill” came running back, demanding to be put back in the box. In some mysterious way, “Monk” had resorted the arm to its original fitness; and to this day, ‘Bill’? has never had any. more trouble with it. From then on, “Monk’s” fortune was made. Only last week, a player practicing on the Story House grounds, was hit on the head by a wildly thrown ball, but ““Monk” was on the job, and immediately took the pain away. Soon after he left, they discovered that he also took a glove, two balls, and a pair of suspenders belonging to “Big Six”. 




