---
title: Notice
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 6
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NOTICE       At the opening of the season, we endeavored to have the games conducted as nearly as possible as those on the outside. One of the reforms to be inaugurated, was the keeping of official averages. To do this, we had to conform more closely to the rules in force on the outside; that is, we had to account for every out. Heretofore, the catcher in here never had to hold the third strike—an old rule which was in use, when we first started playing ball, and had no gloves to catch with. At this stage of the game, we can see no reason why the catcher should not catch the ball, the same as in any other position. The Library team is adhering to the rule, likewise the Cubs, (they being the only teams the Ninth have met this season.)       At the opening game on Monday, at the Ninth Block grounds, we learned from the Plasterers’ catcher, they would not recognize the rule, claiming it was made expressly for and by the Ninth team. Well, Harry, my boy, you are right. But you should not have been alarmed, no one would have accused you of making any rule, good or bad for baseball. The only thing you can make, is a “kick”. They are few, if any, who will admit that all of the rules we are now playing under, were devised by two or three men, and outside of those two or three men, the others have done nothing but reap the benefits of their labor.       So Harry, dear, if there are any other rules that you don’t like, say so, and they will be dropped. The compositors in the Printing Room, will tender you a vote of thanks for cutting out the third strike rule; for setting tabulated work in six point type, is just a little bit harder, than catching a game of ball once or twice a week.

