---
title: Stocking Shed vs Band
author: Unknown
issue: 30
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 7
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SHED vs BAND    April 22    We crave your indulgence, Mr. Editor, in asking you to extend our license of 300 words, in order to give vent to the enthusiasm that overwhelmed us at the above game today. Let those fans, who are always to get of everything, take a pointer by today’s game, which in our opinion was one of the most interesting and exciting fights for supremacy ever witnessed inside these walls. The pages of the Umpire are totally inadequate, to convey the splendid plays that were enacted during the game. With all due respect to both teams, and absolutely without the slightest detraction from any player, we make bold to state that the hero of the day was our genial friend and untiring player, Josh, he positively rushed into fame and, played great ball every minute; also we take great pleasure in asserting, (and he was constantly under our eye), that not one unnecessary word of fool-talk passed his lips. We admire you Josh, and wish that all the men who are reprimanded by the Umpire, would take a tumble as you have done. More power to you Josh! Keep up the good work. The game was played ‘“‘nip and tuck’’ the whole way, and both teams hung on to one another like grim death. For instance, in the 5th inning the score stood 6—6; in the 6th inning the Stocking Shed raised their score to 7; in the 7th, the Band equaled the score, 7—7, and at that moment, when excitement was intense, and Josh was on third base, the shrill signal proclaimed the finish, making the game virtually a tie, but according to the rules, it was literally a victory for the Stocking Shed. Nevertheless, the Band have nothing of which to be ashamed; nor need they be discouraged, every man of them played splendid ball, and equally as good as their opponents; but Dame Fortune did not elect to smile on them. 

