---
title: Plaster. 3 Ninth 0: The Ninth Play For All They Were Worth, But It Was of No Avail
author: Mitch
issue: 28
volume: 5
year: 1913
month: 11
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLASTER. 3 NINTH 0    The Ninth Play For All They Were Worth, But It Was of No Avail    Monday May 26    When Greek meets Greek something will always drop with a dull thud. The two leading teams, the Bear-Cats and the Hustling Ninth, clashed in the first game of a series of three to decide the midseason championship. And an intensely interesting game it was. The two south paw stars of the league met face to face at last. Their fine work kept the enthusiastic fan on tenterhooks. Both pitchers used the same assortment of curves but in a different way. Bill, for the Ninth, handed out stuff that dwindled to a pea when crossing the plate. Sharp-breaking in and out curves mystified all the heavy biffing Bear-cats except in one inning—the fourth. Rapid bunching of hits in that inning proved to be his undoing despite the fact that he struck out twelve men. ‘That shows a mixture of quality, and quality above par. In the first he struck out the first three men. In second, Jim was the only one to get a hit—but it had no value as it stood alone. In the fourth, Rome began to totter when Stump started a batting rally that proved sufficient to win the game. Toney’s clean hit scored Stump. Felix singled and scored Toney. Jim _ hit again and Felix started for third but Rube caught him between stations. Two runs. In this inning Rube injected humor into the game by walking to Slick and whispering a deadly secret. Jack had mighty thoughts on his mind and told his troubles to Rube. Then Dave told the story of his life to Bill. Strike outs—Bill, 12, Curley 5, Longie 1, Hits—off Bill 4, off Curley 2, off Longie 1. Double plays—Dave to Toney to Harry. Passed—by Bill 1, Longie 1. Rabbi used excellent judgment. Other umpire made no mistakes. —Rocky. 
