---
title: "Beat the Band: Librarians Easily Walk Away From the Musicians"
author: Henry
issue: 4
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 12
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BEAT THE BAND    Librarians Easily Walk Away From the Musicians    Yellow of the Library was in fine form for the game with the Band on Tuesday and had the latter guessing until the last half of the sixth inning when he eased up, knowing that he had them helplessly beaten. Dave went into the box for the Band and was batted all over the grounds. After the Librarians had hit him up for seven runs in two innings, he gave way for Herman who held them down in good shape; the only run made off of him being due to an inexcusable base error. For some reason, there was a considerable change in the lineup of the Band. Neither Walter or Larry the usual battery, being played, while ‘Baltimore’ was given a tryout behind the bat. He caught the balls all right, but was decidedly weak in throwing and batting. With Walter and Herman each pitching three innings, there might have been a different story. Joe of the Library demonstrated his ability at the bat, by slugging out two home runs, while one of the three runs of the Musicians, was a homer by Roge. Eight men faced Dave in the third and with one exception, everyone of them took a swat at the ball, four coming in over the plate. Then it was Dave retired, for in two innings he had pitched enough balls to last a full game. The game was chock-a-block with errors, most of them due to the fact that the sun was directly in the eyes of the fielders, and fairly blinded them. There was plenty of ‘‘go’’ in the bout, however, and the good nature of the Musician’s, in the face of so many defeats is a splendid feature of the games in which they take part. Eddie umpired without evoking anything more than several doubtful looks, and they did’st hurt him.—Score 8-3. — Mitch. 

