---
title: "Mid-Season Review: Ninth Block Wins First Half of the Season Nose Out Plasterers By One Game"
author: The President
issue: 18
volume: 6
year: 1913
month: 14
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
MID-SEASON REVIEW    Ninth Block Wins First Half of the Season Nose Out Plasterers By One Game    When the Library defeated the Plasterers last Saturday, by the score of 6 to 2, the Ninth Block stepped into first place as the undisputed Champions of the first half of the 1913 season. From the time the umpire called ‘‘play ball’? on April 7th, right up to the last day of the 80 game season, the Plasterers and Ninth were neck and neck; and not until Saturday the 14th, when the tie game of June 11th, between the Plasterers and Library was played, and the Plasterers defeated, was the race decided. Before the game, everyone, including the members of the Ninth, thought that a tie between the Plasterers and the Ninth was inevitable. The wise ones, who play form, were disappointed, as the Library played all around the Plasterers; the latter putting up by far the worst exhibition of ball they have shown this season. Towards the close of the first half, the Plasterers played in hard luck; losing the services of their valuable manager, who was injured, also having a few Again the boys who sit back and say, ‘‘I told you so,’’ did not touch second when they claimed the Ninth would run away with the flag. In fact, the whole institution conceded a runaway race for the Ninth. On paper the Ninth looked unbeatable, and no one gave a thought to any other team as a possible. contender for the ‘bunting. For the first two weeks of the season these predictions of the wiseacres bore fruit, the Ninth easily disposing of the Cubs and Library. The Plasterers met them during the third week, and won the first one, dropping the other two. The Cubs sneaked one over on them, likewise the Library, and the Ninth dropped back to second place. The week of May 26th, the Ninth and Plasterers met on the Stable grounds, and to the surprise of the Ninth and their friends, the Plasterers took two out of three. Until the week of June 2nd, the Ninth had been the only team to defeat the Plasterers. On June 2nd they opened a three game series with the Cubs, when the biggest surprise of the season was sprung on the baseball followers in here—the lowly Cubs taking two out of three from the Plasterers; thereby spiking their chances for the pennant. The third club in the race was this selfsame Cub team. Their manager by hard and consistent work building them up from an ‘‘also ran’’ club, to one that must be considered in the last half of the season. ‘The Library, which is tied for third place with the Cubs was a disappointment. With material enough to make one of the best teams in the league, the best they could do, was to tie for the third place. Poor management the first of the season with dissension among its players, was mainly the cause of its downfall. The Stocking Shed brought up fifth, and though handicapped by lack of pitching material, made it interesting for the team ahead of them. The Band plays good music but poor baseball. They don’t seem to try and strengthen their team at all. By this time next week the second half of the season will be on its way, and a better article of ball is looked for from all the teams. New managers will take charge of the Ninth and Plasterers, and it is hoped they will profit by the mistakes of their predecessors. Players should endeavor to be a little more indulgent to the umpires, They receive the same salary for umpiring, as you do for playing the games, and the least to be done is to gloss over their mistakes; for there is no question but that they all mean well. —The President. 


