---
title: Yanigans Defeated
author: Henry
issue: 23
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 19
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
YANIGANS DEFEATED    The Yanigans suffered their first defeat, according to their manager, at the hands of the Jinglebells, on Thursday last, by the score of 6—3. Overseer Smith umpired the game, and his decisions brought forth the following letter = Dear Editor: — In regard to our defeat at the hands of Jingles and his team, I would like to have something to say in my team’s behalf. We would scorn to harbor the idea that Mr. Smith showed intentional favor towards Jing, but we do claim, and our claim is upheld by every fair-minded spectator, that our defeat, (which we are proud to state, is our first one,) was caused by Mr. Smith’s numerous mistakes. When we stop to think how many of us have secured our board and lodging in the walled city of McKentieville for unintentional mistakes, we feel for Mr. Smith, and the reflection he cast upon the spectators. Our next game will be umpired by someone who has not so many mistakes concealed about his person.    Quig— Manager of Yanigans      Jore is losing snap.    Tommy of the Cubs is the only pitcher in the league who grows stronger with each inning, and finishes as fresh as when he started.    It is noticed that when Yeap hits the ball good and hard, he races around bases without giving any further attention to it, evidently depending upon the coachers to notify him when to quit running. He has converted many two-baggers into three, and home-runs, by this method.    


