---
title: "Cubs vs Band: Bandmen Put up a Good Play Game Lost in Last Inning."
author: Millsy
issue: 30
volume: 7
year: 1913
month: 20
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CUBS vs BAND    Bandmen Put up a Good Play Game Lost in Last Inning.   The Band and Cubs, met on the storehouse grounds, for the first game of the week’s series with the Cubs, fully determined to retrieve their fallen fortune of last week, when they were so severely walloped at the hands of the Ninth. Both teams played masterly ball, and it was only for the pitcher of the Band weakening in the last inning, that gave the Cubs the victory. Jackson was in the box for the Band while Herb and Tommie pitched for the Cubs. Jackson is the new find for the Band, and pitched masterly ball until the last inning when he weakened. Neither side scored in the first. In the second inning the Kid sacrificed and brought Louie home: this was the turning point for the Cubs for they were now determined to do, or die. In the third inning Charles drove the ball over the storehouse roof, going to second, and bringing Woody home, who had received free transportation, and then stole third. Herb sacrificed, bringing home Charles. Neither side scored again until the fifth, when Yeap hit and made a two bagger, stealing home and tying the score. The Cubs now went to the bat for the last inning, and at this point the pitcher for the Band weakened and was hit freely. Timmie received free transportation, and was brought home by Freddie, who made a three bagger. Woody then came to the bat, drove a bee liner over the fifth block, making a home run, also bringing Charles home. Marty was the last man at the bat, he too, drove a ball over the fifth block, making a home run, this ended the game and sewed it in the sack for the Cubs. Score 6—2. Umpires Jack and Ken. —Millsy. 

