---
title: The Big Leaguers
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 27
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE BIG LEAGUERS    The Athletics managed to hold their own last week, not because they were winning, but because their next nearest competitor the Cleveland’s, were also dropping games with consistent regularity.    In Friday’s game with the Chicago White Sox, the latter had the White Elephants beaten by the score 5—1 up until the seventh inning, then with the bases full, Oldring swatted out a triple for a cleanup, and Frank Baker gave an exhibition of his famous home-run clout. It was only this rally in the “‘lucky seventh” which enabled the Athletics to win out.    The present slump of the Athletics is causing no little worry among the ‘fans,’ who are closely watching the narrow margin separating their idol from the Cleveland’s, who had a splendid opportunity to close up the gap during the past week, but failed to grasp it.    A local sporting writer says: “What of the Athletic’s future after winning the pennant, if they do? Will the drifting former world’s champions be able to arouse themselves from that mysterious force that has enervated their prowess of late; that has so limited their “punch” that only four games have been won since Labor Day; that has pulled them down from a superb average above .700 to one of .644; that has left them a prey to every club in the league? Will they summon their undoubted power when the crisis arrives; regain the form that made them so formidable in the early spring and summer; strike their opponents with a resistless strength that brooks no opposition? The man who can answer these questions in the affirmative can foretell another world’s championship for Philadelphia.       Manager Dooin of the Phillies will not admit he is out of the race for first place, and is making a game fight to overtake the Giants. To do this however, it will by necessary for him to win all of the games yet to be played, and the New Yorkers to lose seven, a handicap not likely to be overcome.    Manager Birmingham of the Washington’s has been suspended indefinitely by president Ban Johnson, as the result of his controversy with an umpire.
