---
title: Abuse of Privileges: A Caution
author: B-6591
issue: 24
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 28
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ABUSE OF PRIVILEGES A Caution BY THE EDITOR NOT very long ago, a member of Congress delivered an after-dinner address, in which he claimed that the traveling public had been accorded more and greater privileges twenty years ago, than are granted today and bitterly arraigned the railroads of the country for this condition, which he attributed solely to their greed for dividends. The Congressman has a national reputation, and his utterances were widely quoted. They were deemed to be of sufficient importance as to merit a reply from the railroad people, who promptly, and frankly admitted the truth of the Congressman’s statement, that privileges had gradually been curtailed, but laid the blame on the public, who, they said, had so repeatedly abused their advantages, that as a matter of self-protection from the brazen encroachment of the travelers, they were forced to cut off the privileges, one by one. The vigor of this reply, and the quiescence with which it was received denoted that its justice was tacitly admitted. It must be apparent to everyone here that we are accorded many privileges unusual in an institution of this kind, and others we formerly enjoyed, have been more recently curtailed. In the government of a large body of men, the primary principal is, to do that which is for “the greatest good, to the greatest number,” and any deviation from this principal, is very likely to result in discontent and trouble. The granting of a privilege here is not the impulse of a moment, but rather of long and careful consideration. While it is a fact, that the acts of a comparatively few men may influence the officials to favor additional privileges to all it is also a fact, that a much smaller number may be the cause of their prompt withdrawal. It is human nature to want just a little bit more than is allowed, and experience shows us, that attempts to attain this “little bit more’’ have invariably met with dire results. The man who abuses his privileges, not only loses them, but also the confidence of the officials. The latter is more serious, for certainly its weight must be felt, when the day comes for his appearance before the Parole Board. Matters will be evened up then. If the offender was the only one to suffer it would be all right, but unfortunately his delinquencies react upon the innocent ones, when the order is given to “cut out” this, or that privilege. Hence every one of us who has a spark of manhood in him, owes it both to himself and his fellows to jealously guard his privileges; to be satisfied with those he now enjoys, and to so comport himself, that others will follow. The prison “snitch” is a contemptible fellow, but, every man has the right to see that his own privileges are not jeopardized, and he can prevent it very effectually without reporting to officials. You guard your other possessions here with jealous care, and if you detected a man “swiping” your tobacco or pot-pie, there would be Hail Columbia. Then do the same with your privileges. We hear a great deal about “honor among criminals,” and if there is such a thing, now is the time and place to exercise it. 
