---
title: Local Squibs
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 4
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Local Squibs      Wednesday, April 9, 1913.   Hurrah ! The season has opened.   WANTED.-At once. Farm hand and musician. Apply B4209, Band.   The “Ragtime Wop" has been called on to play in Dave's place. He says: "I willa, doa da besta I cana. 1'   After warming up for three years, Herman of the Band Team, went in the box last week and beat the Library.   Dave, manager of the Band Team, is out of the running for time being, having split his finger in a practice game last week.   We hope by the time this week's UMPIRE is on the press, that Mr. Enckler will be back at his old place on the Center.   The poet Jingles says he has come to stay. He denied that he was connected with any other paper, when interviewed by a reporter of the UMPIRE, lately:   “Felix," of the Plasterers, won the crowd by his playing at first base, in that practice game with the Ninth Block last week. That boy is some player, believe me.   The members of the E. S. P. League take this opportunity, through the UMPIRE, to thank Superintendent Loan, of the Store House, for furnishing the clubs with tape upon its arrival.   Spider says he will have his hands full this season collecting balls off the roof-   “Dave the Plasterer" was overheard talking to Spider: "Will that be 0. K." "I gotcha," said Spider.   Some one, they say, told Capt. Smith that during the opening game between the Library and Band; one of the Band fellows stole two bases-Capt. wanted to know why he wasn't locked up.   During a session of Mr. Bonsall's grammar class last week, he asked a new scholar to write a sentence on the blackboard., and this is what he wrote: "Not less than 19 nor more than 20.” Rather a long sentence for a fellow who has been to school but two days.   




