---
title: A Convicts Union
author: Mitch
issue: 24
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 28
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A CONVICTS UNION    For many years “organization” was  overlooked by employers, and employees alike, but one day the former woke up with a vengeance, and the result is, “Trusts.” Then the workingman, and mechanic took the fever, and took it so bad, that today almost everything under the sun is “organized,” and “unionized” and the “walking delegate” is having the time of his life.    The longshoremen’s Union, and the Hod carriers Union; the bartender’s Union, and the Scrub-ladies Union; the teamster’s Union, and the chambermaid’s Union, all have their day, and a very good day indeed, are they having.    The Boot-black’s Union, was thought to have been the limit, but not so, for from the wild and wooly, and Progressive West, comes the startling information, that there is a movement afoot throughout the United States to organize a Union of Paroled Convicts. Gee Whiz, wouldn’t you like to have a card, and sport the button? And what a chance for a name; National Amalgamated Order of the United Paroled Convicts of America. Oh, oh!    But when the object of the Union is known, it appears to have substantial merit and worthy of sober consideration. At present it has for its only object the hunting down, and handing over to justice all men who have broken their parole. Later on, if the movement is at all successful, it may be extended, and embrace those other features which make trades Unions so attractive to men who hold office in them. They may even go so far as to maintain a lobby in the State Capitals, and in Washington, to influence legislation in their interests. They may also acquire a power in political affairs which would command the fear, if not the respect, of the police and Judges, and there is no reason why they should not, if all who are eligible should join, pay their dues regularly, and do just as the walking delegate and the great big High Executive of the combined organizations tells them. They might eventually be able to pass any laws they chose; hold any public office they may have a yearning for, obtain Legislative action legalizing burglary, etc., and have a generally good time. Come to think of it, it’s a grand idea—let’s join—at once.

