---
title: The Big Leaguers
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 28
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE BIG LEAGUERS    It’s all over, even to the shouting. The Athletics will meet the New York Giants in bitter struggle for the championship of the world. It promises to be a glorious battle, and an even bet. A New York sporting writer can only see one way, and that, the Giants, of course. He says:    “The Giants and Athletics this year should furnish one of the most thrilling struggles of the world’s series history. Such a classic is good or bad, according to whether the contestants are evenly matched. Notonly are the Polo grounders and the Shibe Park lads of about kindred playing strength, but both have been so erratic the latter part of the season, that almost anything may be expected in the great clash.    Both the Giants and Athletics have been going in rather slipshod fashion for a month. Were they to start the big doings tomorrow it would be a puzzle to dope it. The team with the luck would win.       But before the beginning of another week the prospective rivals will undoubtedly settle down to business, and be in preparation for the bitter fight.    Pitching is a great deal of a world’s series argument, and in this line, McGraw lays it all over Connie Mack. The Athletics have only two very much overworked veterans—Eddie Plank, and Indian Bender. They have a bunch of young talent, but it has been very erratic all season. They may be able to stand up under the strain of a world’s series, and again, they may not.    Outside the box McGraw is just about able to hold his own.” Mack’s weakness in the box, is believed to be offset by his bunch of sluggers, who have been batting over .300, and after all, the famed ‘‘Matty” has not been throwing such wonderful ball of late.    Ty Cobb is now leading the batters of the American League (.378). Joe Jackson of the Clevelands is second (.375) Collins, McInnis, Baker and Murphy, of the Athletics, are all going better than .300.    Walter Johnson leads the pitchers with a record of 33 won, 7 lost, and .825 percent. Houck, Athletics, second with 12 won, 4 lost, .750 percent. Falkenberg, Cleveland; Wood, Boston; Bender, Athletics, and Walsh, Chicago, follow in the order named, with .700 and over.
