---
title: Local Pick-Ups
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 9
year: 1913
month: 28
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LOCAL PICK-UPS    Well, we had a lot of fun while it lasted.    Now the rumor is running around that the games were suspended to permit Ducky to recover the use of his mighty pitching arm. I   t has been suggested that Jingles and the Poet play a game of checkers to determine the holder of fourth position in the E. S. P. League; that the winner oppose Marty in a similar game, the winner of which, should have it out with Stump as to who is the better checker player, and finally the Chef to come forth, and see if he can uphold the claims of the Ninth to the 1913 pennant.    A great many of our star players will leave us during the winter, but there will be others to take their places. This is a sure bet.    The new manager of the Stocking Shed team took office just at a time when there was nothing to manage.    The report that Timmie, who had to undergo a severe operation within a week after leaving here, is now convalescent, is greeted with pleasure by all who know this splendid fellow.    In a downpour of rain, 2000 mission workers were led through the streets of ‘the Tenderloin, last Thursday night, by the Warden, to the time of four bands playing, “There Will Be Showers of Blessing.” That was a practical lesson in optimism, with a vengeance.       The melancholy days have come,    The saddest of them all    When someone put the grand “‘kibosh,”    On our glorious game of ball.       The first man up for nonsupport of his family was sentenced last Tuesday ‘to ninety days on the stone pile of the House of Correction, where he is earning 65 cents a day, but the deserted family is drawing the money. It is the only law in existence which provides for the care of a man’s family while he is in prison, and it ought to be extended to embrace all crimes.       An opinion from Mr. Hickey, of the relative merits of peanuts from Wales as compared with the Virginia product would carry much weight; about 200 pounds.    




