---
title: Word Contest: Of Educational Value to Those Who are Striving to Learn English 
author: Unknown
issue: 1
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 29
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WORD CONTEST    Of Educational Value to Those Who are Striving to Learn English    With this issue we inaugurate a ‘‘word contest,’ more particularly for the benefit of the foreigners here, who are making strong efforts to master the English language. It is also hoped it will be of educational value to others who are endeavoring to improve their condition along this line. This first contest is in the nature of an experiment, and if we find it is not meeting with the success hoped for it will be withdrawn. The word selected for this month’s contest is    GRATITUDE    See how many proper English words you can form with the letters contained in the one word,—GRATITUDE. Rules: Only proper words to be found in Webster’s Dictionary will be counted. Names or slang words must not be used. : The same letter in one word may only be used as many times, as it is contained in the word Gratitude Write the words in columns, numbering each one as you go along. In the event of the contest being very close, the Editor will decide in favor of the neatest list. No questions will be answered in connection with the contest while it is in progress. Contest will close October 22, and the winner announced in the issue of November 5. Sign your list with your registered number, and location, address it to THE Umpire, Printing Office, and hand to your Overseer, who will have it delivered.       Some women have the married look; some have the schoolteacher look, and yet others have the beery-look. The first and last are the easiest to attain.
