---
title: Local Pick-Ups
author: Unknown
issue: 1
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 29
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LOCAL PICK-UPS    Hats off to the “Ninth.”    Won't Timmie be glad?    Timmie is now able to sit up and take notice.    Now that the season has closed the ballplayers are invited to take a hand in the Umpire Word Contest. Very thrilling sport.    Stump stayed long enough to learn that the Ninth won, and then ‘‘beat it” for home.    There has been some talk of a post season series, between the Ninth and an All-Star team, but so far that’s all it amounts to—talk.    So many men are making preparations to leave here during the present month that it is difficult to keep track of them, and wish them success individually. So “here’s how”’ to all.    The men on the First block, through B 6567, wish Ed, the clerk, and Jim, the runner, all manner of happiness and success when they shortly make their entry into the outside world.    Tony of the Plasterers has been given the responsible position of exercising the automobiles. It is more exhilarating than thrashing out ginger-cakes.    Don’t come back because you believe we need you. Never fear, but we can find as good a pitcher as Longie, while we have brother Willie; Rube will be with us, when Andy is gone, but a worthy successor to John Henry, (or is it George Henry) may give us a little trouble; however, we will find one.    In these days of rapid transit, universal telephones, and widespread police organization, it is the maddest sort of folly to imagine that “over the wall is out.” Of the two men who thought so recently one now has a much longer term, under greater restrictions, than he had in the first instance, while the other lies dead from the effects of a self-inflicted bullet wound. It is safe to say that during their period of liberty, neither of these men enjoyed a single moment of happiness to compensate him for the enormous risks 'he assumed. Of all the myriad forms of mental sufferings, there is none to compare with that endured by a hunted man. 
