---
title: "Athletics Win First of World Championship Series: Clamoring Mob of Nearly 50,000 Fans Witness Defeat of New York Giants—Baker and Collins Heroes of the Day—A Battle of Champions—Score 6—4." 
author: Unknown
issue: 8
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 30
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ATHLETICS WIN FIRST OF WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES Clamoring Mob of Nearly 50,000 Fans Witness Defeat of New York Giants—Baker and Collins Heroes of the Day—A Battle of Champions—Score 6—4. Amid lowering clouds, the blatant sounds of the bands, and in the presence of forty thousand yelling, shrieking, frenzied ‘‘fans,”’ the first of the series of games to determine the baseball championship of the world was played on the New York Polo grounds yesterday afternoon, and when the last man was out in the last inning, the most rabid Giant was reluctantly forced to concede the game to the Athletics by the score of 6—4. As early as Monday, long lines of men, boys, and even a few women extended from the various entrances to the great Ball Park, and at noon, yesterday all streets leading to it were blocked with the heavy traffic of taxicabs, automobiles, and vehicles of every other description, bearing their eager burden, while the sidewalks were black with a fighting, pushing mob, intent on witnessing the titantic struggle between two mighty champions of baseball. New Yorkers of course predominated but the men of Connie Mack’s did not lack a following, for every train brought large delegations from this city, to_ support and encourage their favorite White Elephants. Connie Mack put in “‘Chief’’ Bender to do the trick for the White Elephants and backed up with a magnificent support, and the terrific slugging of Baker, Collins McInnis and Schang, landed the first game of the series in the camp of the Mackmen by a _ decisive score. There was nothing doing in the first two innings but in their half of the third the New Yorks tallied a run by Merkle who had been advanced by a bunt, and finally to the plate by Doyle’s single to right field. The New Yorkers went wild, but their joy was short lived. The Athletics in the next inning pushed forward Eddie Collins who hammered one over Shafer’s head, and as the ball rolled to the Center field fence, Collins scampered to third. Baker singled, while Collins scored. Barry shot one down the left field for two bases. Shang then drove the ball to center field for three bases, and Strunk and Barry crossed the plate. In the fifth the White Elephants tallied once more. Collins passed, and stole second, when the mighty Baker appeared on the scene, and leaning against the second ball pitched, sent it sailing high and clean to the bleachers for a home run. In the Giants half of the fifth, Merkle singled, and McCormick, put in as a pinch hitter singled to center, putting Merkle on third. Doyle reached first on Barry’s wild throw, while Merkle and McCormick scored. There was nothing doing in the run making line until the eighth inning, when the White Elephants got to Crandalland drove him to cover. Collins beat out a bunt to first,and Baker singled. McInnis dropped one to the left field for two bags, scoring Collins. This settled Crandall, and McGraw put in his next pitcher, Tesrau, who came to the rescue in good shape, for Baker who had reached third, never secured an opportunity to come home. But there were runs enough to cinch the game, and the Mackmen were widely jubilant. The ninth inning was played in a drizzling rain, but the first three men to face Bender went out in their order. The game was well played, and had no unpleasant features. The players of both teams conducting themselves without any discord. The next game will be played in this city on the first clear day, and the Athletics are picked to win on their own grounds. ACREe Eanes AB. R. BH. TB SH. SB. O. A. E 1B, INR Ao KZ, wine Zhe) ak al 9) © 2} 0) Oldring, If. AQ doi O © 2 © @ Collins 2b. 3 B58. 5 Oo als do GO Baker, 3b. ot oS OG O O i 8 © McInnis, 1b. a Ol Bak Or alg= © Strunk, cf. oa O-) oo © 8 © O Barry, ss. Ae ltey 25 Oe Oaeel eons L Schang c. HO aks Oo Oo il © Bender, p. AO O01 O © © 2 oO Motalsee= eos Olt te? Omer lees eetomell NEW YORK AB. R. BH. TB. SH, SB. O. A E Shafer, cf. Same 051 ee er Oe Ona ele) Doyle. 2b. Ae at te oe sata Oia mane ana) Fletcher, ss. Aves (ete eee) ae) eee) Burns, lf. eI A O° 0. 3}0) © Herzog, 3b. Aree OK oe Ot 0) FORO ees ee O) Murray, rf° Aen Ou? seen aie () ears ea Ota) Meyers, c. Ae OO Onis Orie ane ae Merkel, 1b. Ee = BY 0) (aL 0) Menten jo 0 OW O @ wa 0 0) 6 O WML Codes ia ak Oe 0) O. © O Crandall p. ae Oe OF On Oe One OO nO Tesrau, p. OO 1) O-0 © © 1 © **McLean, HS (er On nn) eee ee ea) ERotalsin—scOmen4 elise ales OkeZenlon” * Batted for Marquard iu fifth ‘nning ** McLean batted for Tesrau in ninth SCORE BY INNINGS Athletics______ OOO 320 Ol O65 New York___.001030000-4 Two-base hits—Barry, Burns, McInnis. Three-base hits—Collins, Schang. Home run—Baker. Hits—off Marquayd 8 in 5 innings; off Crandall, 3 in 2 innings, and none out in eighth; off Tesrau, none in two innings. Sacrifice hits—Marquard McInnis. Stolen bases—Collins. Double play—Barry, Collins, McInnis. Left on bases—Philadelphia 4; New York 6. Base on balls— off Marquard 1; Tesrau 1. First base on errors—New York 1. Struck out— by Bender 4; by Marquard 1; by Crandall 1; by Tesrau 1. Time 2:06.
