---
title: Untitled
author: B-6591
issue: 8
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 30
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE cost of the Panama Canal to May 380, 1913, is $295,587,518.41.    AN ELECTRIC “spanker’’ giving five sharp blows a second, has been installed in a small school in Huntington, W. Va., with good results. Most of the kiddies wanted to try it right away, and were gratified.    WE HAVE to thank B 4086, B 6474, B 6286 and B 6789, for the words of ‘'The Face on the Bar-room Floor.’ We regret that it is too long for publication in these columns.    ANOTHER LAW requiring amendment: Vice-president Marshall says, that in his State, the Legislature made it a crime for men to play ninepins. The day after the bill was signed, the gamblers added another pin, and now they call it “tenpins.’’ All of which goes to show the folly of trying to reform a man by statute.    A wealthy New York philanthropist has been just committed to the Auburn penitentiary at his own request, in order that he may gather by personal experience the feelings of a man behind the bars.    He has the right idea, but he is going about it the wrong way. To make the experiment complete, and of real value, he should have committed a crime, denied his guilt; passed through the rigors of the “third degree;” faced a crowded court room, and endured the agony of waiting for a verdict. He should want to know something of the feelings of a man, when his whole nervous system is keyed up to the point of collapsing from its own tension, as he listens to the words of condemnation from the presiding judge. He should want to learn and feel the calipers on his face and head; the steel rule against his bare flesh, and the ignominy of delving into his family history. He by all means ought to know, how it feels to count the days and years to his release, and then experience the cruelest of all tortures: the uncertainty of the time of discharge, engendering an agony of suspense, so bitter that men’s reasons have tottered under the ordeal. He also should know, the joy of freedom for the time, and the awakening to the fact that he has a world to face; that he has a living to make; that society is not through with him; that he is a marked man who will not be forgiven until he has made good to the uttermost.    And suppose Mr. Osborne should experience all these things, what can he do about it? No amount of coddling will make the convict any better, no more will any amount of brutality.    Make prison conditions as near like the outside world as possible. Give the convict a daily wage, based according to his labor, regardless of what trades unions may say. With it, let him pay his way; support his family, if he has one. If he wants to see the doctor let him pay the fee; make him pay right along for everything he wants and needs Give him luxuries if he can pay for them with money of his own earning. Teach him to save; interest him in city government; foster the idea of ownership of land; give him responsibilities. If he wont work, let him taste to the full, English workhouse methods. If he is too ill to work, let workers be taxed for his care. Let the prison be a self-supporting community governed by the inmates, under official supervision, after the plan of the Boy’s Municipalities.    This is only a bare outline, but the writer believes it worthy of thought and elaboration.    —THE Editor. 




