---
title: Local Pick-Ups
author: Unknown
issue: 8
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 30
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Local Pick-Ups   Big Doings this week.    Pears should be ripe now.    Willie ought to give his baseball suit to little Ike.    The Jewish men heartily thank the Warden for the interest he takes in them.    The Ninth Block’s corrected average in the E. S. P. League, is 880 per cent.    Joe Jeanette gave the ‘Boston Tar Baby,” a mighty good thrashing, last Friday night, during a ten round bout in New York. Langford, it is said made his appearance in the ring, wonderfully suggestive of our own ‘Beef Trust.”    The new Tariff law has been signed by the President, and is now in effect. Among the articles on the free list are, “Balm of Gilead,” gold and silver bullion and ‘“‘spunk.” Hope there will be heavy importations of each of these articles; we need them in our business.    This time last year, two big World Series were going on at the same time, not the least of which, was that for the championship of the E. S. P.    Mr. Connors and his stentorian voice will be glad to officiate, if the Warden will only say the word. The September Grand Jury undertook to wrestle with the weighty problem of the ‘Eastern Penitentiary,” and was forced to admit that it was too much for them. They reported to Judge McMichael, that they did not know exactly what to report, whether to criticise, or commend the lack of solitary confinement in that institution.    Twenty-four hours in Klondike would have determined an unanimous conclusion in favor of leaving matters as they are.    A serious earthquake shock was experienced in the Panama Canal zone last week, and for a few seconds, it appeared as if Nature was about to make reprisal for interfering with its work. However no damage was reported, but it very forcibly brings to mind, the fact, that a mighty natural force may in a minute undo that which it has taken years of labor, and millions of treasure for man to build up.    Competitive lists in the Umpire Word Contest are coming in freely, and indicate a keen interest. Men should remember that the contest will not be decided by priority of receipt of lists, but, by the neatest list containing the largest number of words. Take your time; you have until the 22d. inst. to get them in.    Preliminary work for the new State Penitentiary near Bellefonte, Center county has been in progress during the past year by over one hundred men detailed from the Western Penitentiary.    When completed, the prison will be composed of a main building with two detached wings, surrounded by a high wall set in the midst of a 5200 acre tract of land.    Speechmaking and red fire are rampant in Philadelphia these Autumnal nights, and the spellbinder is in his glory. And just to think, what could be done with the fourteen hundred votes lying around here.    Two men were recently sentenced to eighteen months, and two years respectively in California for violating the Mann White Slave Act. In this city, the judge sent a man found guilty of violating the same law, in that he actually bartered the woman for money, to prison for ninety days. But out in Kansas when a man pleaded guilty to a violation of this widely known law, the judge refused to accept the plea, and then discharged the accused on the grounds, that he did not believe it was the purpose of the act to impose punishment, except in cases where commercialism actually occurred.    Now, “who shall decide when Doctors disagree?” 




