---
title: Planting Hair
author: Pliny
issue: 8
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 30
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PLANTING HAIR    Oh, Brotherhood of baldheaded men, here is your chance to put one over. Dr. Menahem Hodara, of Galata, Constantinople, has solved the calvic problem according to the leading Constantinople papers. His proceedings are after all, very simple. It is only a matter of planting the seeds and the addition of a little manure afterwards. Almost the same as is done with all field products. Whenever a member of the bald-headed fraternity presents himself, does Dr. Hodara makes some thousands of injections of hair-seed-germs all over his baldpate? No, indeed! In each hole he simply plants a hair, taken from the scalp of some young person. Then he covers the planted scalp with a butter of his own invention. Each morning the patient sprinkles his head with fresh water, and at the end of about three months hey, presto ! the ex-bald-headed one grows almost frantic with joy, because a very forest of wool is growing all over his baldpate. On several occasions when Dr. Hodara forgot himself and mixed his seed plants, the result was, well,—I shall leave you to imagine the result. At other times, he paid too little attention to the color of the patients eyebrows, beard, etc., with the peculiar results, such as, brown hair and red beard; or black hair and red beard, etc., but all the same color or not, every hair will grow as planted. A free translation from the Turkish. —by Pliny.
