---
title: Untitled
author: B-6591
issue: 15
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 31
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
It is proposed to dedicate a day to “father,” to be known as ‘‘Father’s Day,” and as an appropriate flower, someone has suggested the “poppy.”    Mr. Bonsall says if we don’t stop using his name in the Umpire, he will “write us a letter.” ‘“Yiddisha Sam” will be doing the same thing, next. There are more ways than one to “butt” into these columns.    It is the rule that when a soldier and a convict are discharged, it is usual for them both to reenter the service they were so anxious to quit. Why?    Because discipline, coupled with too much paternalism in caring for their creature needs, has destroyed ambition to assume responsibilities, as well as the power to exercise their own initiative—both absolutely essential to the success of any man.    One of Governor Sulzer’s attorneys, in opening for his defense asked: SOLOS pose a human derelict should approach any one of us on Broadway, and ask for a quarter to buy food, and having given it to him, could he be convicted of late ceny if he spent the money for whisky?” We don’t know about New York, but in this State they could send him to jail for ‘‘false pretenses,” if anyone took the trouble to prosecute.    Articles exalting Mr. “A,” or Mr. “B,” or Mr. “M,’’ or the whole dang alphabet, and palpably designed for “graft” will not be accepted for publication in these columns, without a suitable quid pro quo.   While it is not unusual for editors to receive prize pumpkins, potatoes, squashes and other toothsome products of the farm and kitchen, the Editor of the Umpire has never been able to connect with even a stingy ginger cake, in the way of “graft.” Ahem!    364 immigrant children arrived in this port during the month of September, and every one of them located in the several Public schools within a week after their arrival. A daily paper states with pride that 1000 of such children have been so placed during the year.    That may be true enough, but how about the 18,000 native born children who were unable to find room in the schools at the beginning of the year?    Mother love is imbibed at the breast, and is one of the most beautiful things in this world. When a mother feels the love of her offspring slipping away from her, she begins to lose her hold on life itself. Being her most cherished possession, she should do all in her power to foster and merit it. The rule is however, that when the child loses love and respect for his mother, he is at once set down as wholly bad. Is it true? I believe not. When a married woman with growing children will deliberately attire herself in gowns made fashionable by wantons of Paris, and designed to appeal to men’s passions, rather than to their sense of beauty, and justifies it because “it is the style,” she is going far toward losing the respect of her children, her husband, and her brothers.    The coarse, heavy-shod, masculine-attired female of today is a very far removed creature, from the sweet-faced, low-voiced, dainty little ‘‘fluffy-ruffles”’ of only a few years ago.—[The Editor.]    It takes brains to make money; but any darn fool can inherit it. I never inherited any money.


