---
title: A Dream
author: Jingles
issue: 9
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 4
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A Dream      The twirler stood in the pitcher's box, Trying hard to stop the knocks,   Of the men upon the other team,   Who played with snap, and had the steam.   1st. Inning   His eyes were on the little pan,   He tried real hard, his man to fan,   The batter hit an awful slam,   The pitcher thought he'd get the can.   2nd Inning   Back to the mound, he went once more, Worried a bit, but game to the core,   Another hit would swell the score, It came, and also did three more.   3rd Inning   Another pitcher goes in to twirl,   He looks at the piate, and with a whirl He sends one over with a twist and curl,   And fans the side, don't even toil. 4th Inning   On every side we hear them say,   Tha _t he's the boy that saved the day,   And Timmie thinks he'll raise his pay, If Longie, ·with the Ninth will stay.   ,ith -Inning   Then in the fifth, three men on base,   1 That_ old time "l~as-been," takes his place And ,nth old fashioned courtly grace,   I Proceeds the first ball pitched to lace.   I   The whistle blows, the game is through, The score now stands five runs to two,   Longie and Tim haye shown the way, How baseball stars the game to play.   Last Inning   Just then someone let out a roar,   , Right outside old Timmie's door, Get up you dub, it's seven o’clock,   Shame to give him such a shock.   Moral-Do not chew the UMPIRE's baseball type, before retiring.   -   Jingles




