---
title: The Kah-Gyur (Tabetan Bible)
author: B-3847
issue: 15
volume: 10
year: 1913
month: 31
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE KAH-GYUR (Tibetan Bible.)    Tibet, until a few years ago, to us a land of mystery and of imagination, forms one of the highest plateaus in the world. It is more than double the height, and almost as large, as our western highlands, and is certainly much colder all the year around. It is practically enclosed by the Kuculun, and Altai mountains, the latter, a part of the Himalayan range of mountains, which are said to have only two or three practical passes from either Nepal, or northern India. The most practical, by reason of the shooting obtainable for maintenance; (plenty of Ibex Yak and Antelopes.) The easiest of the known passes, for entering Tibet from the south, is by way of the river Bramaputra. With all the antediluvian mystery, fascination and fierceness of the Tibetans, now fairly well understood, they have yet one object that cannot be understood, and has been for years, and I believe still is, to a greater extent, the plague and despair of savants; that is the Kah-gyur, or the Tibetan bible, always kept in the sole custody and care of the Dalia—Lama, the principal Ruler, and chief High Priest of Tibet. The Kah-gyur consists of 108 volumes of 1000 pages each. Each volume weighs 10 pounds and is 65 inches high, 20 inches wide. and 20 inches thick. Pertaining to the Bible, are 225 volumes of commentary matter, necessary for obtaining a full (?) understanding of the Kah-gyur proper. A powerful Mongol tribe paid 7000 steers and horses for a single copy. How would you like to read it? B 3847. 




