---
title: The Way of Miss Adele
author: Mitch
issue: 5
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 34
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE WAY OF MISS ADELE    A Prison Episode By Mitch   B 067 was up against one of the most serious propositions of his life. He was expecting a parole, contingent upon his procuring a sponsor, but where under the to find one, was the thought uppermost in his mind. As he came rushing along the Block, his brain full of the perplexing subject, he fairly ran into a couple of visitors, accompanied by an Overseer.    “Why, Robert, I never knew of this,” exclaimed a sweet faced young woman impulsively extending her hand to him.    B 067, colored to the roots of his hair, and mumbled something about ‘being glad to see her.”    She was very young, probably just out of her teens, becomingly and modestly gowned in a moderation of the present modes, and her beautiful face fairly radiated the goodness within her. She was accompanied by a man, of about thirty years of age, a splendid type of the successful young businessman. He drew closer toward B 067 as if to shield the young lady if necessary, but, she waived him aside and asked, “Why have I not known of this before, why hasn't some of your people told me; you know, and they all know how glad I would have been to make this a little easier for you? Tell me quickly, Robert, how long must you stay in this place, and what can I do?”    B 067, hesitated, gave a fleeting glance into the eyes of the young man. and then straightening up told his story as briefly as he could. It was not new, by any means, though new to his listeners, who drank in every word uttered, with eager interest. He told of a false step, which resulted in his imprisonment; the term of years he was sentenced, and how within the next few weeks he would apply to the Board for a parole, but doubted if it would be granted, for the reason, that he knew of no one who would act as his sponsor. In reply to her question, he explained what was meant by “sponsor,’’ the purposes of the parole law, and how his relatives had utterly ignored him since he was in prison, owing to his having brought disgrace upon his whole family.    “Then as I understand it, you have been a good boy while here, there is absolutely nothing against your conduct, and that you may leave, as soon as you can find someone to furnish you with employment. Is that right?”    “Yes, about.’’ he answered, hesitatingly.    “Harold,” she said turning to her escort, “you must arrange to find a place in your father’s store, for my old school-mate, so that he may leave here at once.”    “But, Adele, don’t run along so fast, let us learn something more about this young man,” he whispered.    “Oh, I know all about him, have known him since we were little children together, and I feel I never can rest while he is in here. Don’t tell me I am impetuous, or foolish, we are wasting time, let us go at once, I don’t want to see any more of their old prison, but, oh, I am so glad I came.”    Harold patiently listened to this outburst, and then turning to B 067 asked, “What can you do?”    “Well sir,” he answered, “I am afraid there is but little I can do. I have no trade, | am not big, or strong enough to dig, but I am sure I could fill a position as clerk, or salesman to your satisfaction.”    “Can you sell goods?”    “Give me a chance to show you, for I don’t want you to take my bare word for it, and I know of no one who could tell you. Just let me show you?”    “All right, I am from Missouri myself, and so is my father, and if I do take this thing up, why, you will have to show us both.”    “Oh, Harold, come let us go at once and see your father, we can do nothing here, and every moment must be made to count.”    “Well, say good bye to this young man, and we will see,” he said rather airily, turning toward the Center.    “Robert,” she said to B 067, taking his hand in her own, ‘‘Mr. Harold, and I are engaged to be married. He is in business with his father, and I will see that they will give you some work, and act as your—what-dy’-call-it, ] am going now, and be assured that every moment of my waking hours will be spent in securing your release, so be cheerful and patient, and you will hear from me in a few days, at the latest. You poor boy, just when I am looking forward to so much happiness, that I should find you in such misery, it is dreadful. Good-bye.”    “Good-bye. Miss Adele, I will depend upon you, and you must depend upon me doing everything to earn so much goodness, even if you are not successful.”    “Oh, nonsense, don’t be foolish, good bye,” and she ran to catch up with Harold, followed by the Overseer, who had been an interested witness to the little scene.    B 067 disappeared into the doorway of his cell, and throwing himself on the bed, buried his face in the pillow, and gave way to the tears of joy and gratitude welling up within him.    Reaching the street, Miss Adele exclaimed, “what a pity you didn’t bring the car; we could have saved so much time.”    “Well, it is a delightful day for our outing, What do you say, that we walk to the Park, instead of riding?”    “To the Park?” she inquired slowly.    “Yes, that is a part of our program for the afternoon, I believe.”    “Why, nothing of the sort,’’ she said hotly. We are going to see your father at once, about work for that boy.”    “Not this afternoon, Adele, let us wait until tomorrow, by that time you will have forgotten your impulsive promise. Let us have our little trip.”    “Why Harold, how can you? You heard me give my word to that boy, and yet you ask me to break it. Do you believe that my word is to be so lightly broken?”    “Come dear, let us walk over to the Park; you will forget him by this time to-morrow.”    “Never,” she cried indignantly. “If this is your estimate of my faith and plighted word, I cannot understand why you accepted it, when I promised to marry you.”    “Ah, but that is so different,” he answered softly, and then more determinedly. “Come Adele, this will never do, you appear to be angry with me, and why? Because I hesitate to obligate my father and myself for the future welfare of a man, a felon, whom we know nothing about, who by his own admission has been guilty of a crime, and who will bear the stigma of the place he is in, for all time. You ask me to lay myself open to the risks involved in taking him into our business? Surely little girl, you are assuming a great deal. Come, let us forget it, and have our outing.”    “Harold.” she began softly, “I am hurt by your words, more than you can ever know. In the first place you ask me to break my promise to that poor boy, I could never forgive myself, if I did, and you in later years, would remember it too, and perhaps some time, wonder if I may have ever broken my pledge to you. I spoke to him as I did, because I felt that we were already as one; that you would not, for an instant thwart me in a kindly act toward a human being, but, I see—as you say, perhaps—I have assumed too much, I had planned to have that boy go to mother’s house, where he could have her watchful care; to, in a measure take my place in the home I was about to leave. I trust him implicitly,”’ and, very firmly, ‘I will secure his release, and he shall go to my mother’s home. If not through you, then through someone else, Will Bornman would, I—”’    “Don’t mention his name in my presence, please,’ he begged.    “Why not?, He isa man of broad mind, tender sympathies, and will do this for me, surely.”    “Adele, can’t you see, this is a subject I could never broach to my father. You know what a stern old moralist he is, and his peculiar ideas—”    “I only know,” she said stopping in her walk, “that after having pledged that boy my word I could never be happy if I did not use every effort, to do as he expects. It would be a crime in my estimation, if I ever dreamed of happiness, while he is suffering.”    “What, why Adele what is this you are saying? You don’t mean that you would postpone our marriage, surely’’—    “It means just that, Harold, and perhaps more. I can’t see my way clearly at present, only I must leave you at once. My car is coming.”    (CONTINUED ON PAGE 4)       THE WAY OF MISS ADELE    (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1)    “But I will go with you.”    “No, I am going to see Mr. Bornman, and that would not be pleasant for you,” and she stepped briskly toward an approaching car.    “But just a moment Adele, don’t go to him, give me time,—yes, I—will do it. I will see father at once.”    “This afternoon?”    “Right away.”      Three weeks later there was a quiet wedding in West Philadelphia, at which B 067 was an honored guest, and it would be difficult to determine which was the happiest, he, Mr. Harold, or Miss Adele




