---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 34
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE UMPIRE is presented to you today, in an entirely new dress in keeping with the purpose of giving to our readers the very best of which we are capable, For some time, the Editor has been preaching ‘work,’ and the “giving of the best,” and he can de no less, than at least try to put his favorite theme into practice.       “Timmie,”’ to whom credit must be given of founding the Umpire, intended that it should be a baseball journal wholly, and published only during the season devoted to that game. ‘This policy has been adhered to as long as feasible, or rather to the close of the season, when permission having been obtained to continue the publication throughout the year, it became necessary, Owing to the dearth of baseball news, to decide just what class of matter would command the interest of the most men.       The Editor had before him the fact that nearly all of the men receive weekly papers; the Chaplain gives liberally of the best magazines, and the Christian visitors keep them abundantly supplied with religious papers, while the Library is a source of some of the best works of all classes published. We could not hope to fill our paper with subject matter of a higher literary value than contained in such publications, so it was finally decided to make the Umpire a “house organ,” in which the men could find a variety of matter of peculiar interest to them, and adaptable to their present surroundings.       This has worked out fairly well, with the exception of an evident reluctance on the part. of the men, to contribute material. We want original matter at all times. We cannot all write stories, but most of us are capable of narrating some event in our lives which would be of interest. The Editor wishes to fill the paper entirely with matter written by the inmates. When we say ‘‘written,’’ we do not mean copied. We have no more right to copy an article from some      other publication, and sign our name or number to it, than we have to go down in a man’s pocket, and filch his purse. Incidentally there is a law covering this point.       The Editor is fairly familiar with current works and magazines, and is also fairly capable of detecting the genuine from the spurious, but to avoid questions, when you do send in an article for publication, state its source; whether original or otherwise, so that proper credit may be given.




