---
title: Band vs. Plasterers
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 4
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BAND vs PLASTERERS The baseball season opened today without undue excitement or fanfare of clarionets, but nevertheless it was accompanied by that visible manifestation of interest which was prevalent throughout the whole of last season. The weather was cold and the players did not come out of their shells as might have been expected.    In spite of these unfavorable conditions, a good game was presented, and many amusing incidents occurred.    The Plasterers with their old and seasoned manager have several new players, but their strongest supporters are still to be seen in their lineup. “Dave” “Curley”? “Toney” and “Stump” opened the game with a great exhibition; each scoring a home run more or less luckily.    “Dave” commenced the season with his usual chapter of accidents; first by trying to hug the wall and injuring his index finger instead of catching the ball, and secondly by getting nearly frost bitten.    He introduced a new pitcher into the box who is supposed to be a corker; he was somewhat stiff in the arm, but for the timely transfer of his responsibility to old war horse “Curley” the result may have been recorded differently. The Band, which by the way is a new creation, played a very commendable game, and from their shaping today we expect to see some good plays before the season is very far advanced. They have several well-known players in their team including “Reddy” “Josh” and “Kirky” Junior the latter of whom bids. well to become a very valuable piece of | property as time goes on. “Jacobs” and “Josh” each scored a home run.    Whilst we admire the coaching of “Josh,” at the same time we hope he will not “shoot his bolt’ before the season is well advanced.    The details are as follows:— Plasterers : —1st inning, “Dave” and “Toney” each hit a single and went home on “Stump’s” hit; got home on “Curley’s” home run.    2nd inning; ‘Dave” caught stealing home. two bagger and faded. “Stump” hit a who likewise run; “Stump” hit a single and subsequently completed the circle through a series of errors; the “Barber” hit a two bagger stole 2nd and 3rd and faded.    4th inning; “Harry” took base on balls and “Alec” hit a single, both landed safely on “Dave’s” remarkably lucky home run which was brought about entirely by errors of all descriptions, which at this stage are quite excusable. 6th inning; “Felix” singled and was caught cleverly stealing 3rd.    7th inning; “Dave” hit an apparent home run, but through “Kirky Junior’s” quick handling of the ball and his accuracy in throwing it to the home plate, he (Dave) was caught on the post about three feet from the goal. Through our inability to obtain “nom de-plumes” of the new players, several plays will have to go by the board on this occasion.    2nd inning; ”Kirky” took base on balls, stole 2nd and 3rd and went home on “Jacob’s” home run, brought about by an overthrow    3rd inning; “Josh” singled and got home on errors. 6th inning; “Larry” got to 1st on an’ error, stole 2nd 3rd and faded there. Result; 8—3 in favor of the Plasterers.    We observed with much pleasure the continued liberality of our Warden, in releasing “en masse’? whole blocks to see the games; also we understand that each cell is to receive an “Umpire” which action will be met with admiration. Now for the benefit of those who have not read the Umpire of April 2nd, we repeat that now is the time for everybody to prove their worth, and also show the Warden that they appreciate his kindness. by obeying his injunctions and desist from being noisy or entering into any broils or rowdyism. It’s up to the men now, and we have no fear but that ‘things will sail along smoothly. Continued from page one 


