---
title: Do You Know That
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 34
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
DO YOU KNOW THAT   The President of the United States gets $75,000 a year salary?    The Emperor of Austria gets $4,500,000.    The King of England, including the Queen’s portion, gets $2,500,000.    The King of Italy, $3,00,000.    The German Emperor, nearly $4,000,000    The King of Spain nearly $2,000,000.    The Sultan of Turkey, $7,500,000.    The Czar of Russia from $5,000,000 to $12,000,000, according to the value of private estates.    The longest tunnel is called the Strawberry. It runs for 50 miles through the Wasatch mountains. The next longest tunnel is the new Croton which supplies water to New York City, 33 miles long. The next longest is in Saxony, and is 31 miles long, then comes the Loetschberg, through the Alps, 9 miles long. The next is the Mont Cenis from Italy to France, 8 miles long. The next is the Gunnison, in Southwestern Colorado 6 miles long. There are innumerable tunnels throughout this country, and in other parts of the world, ranging from one to five miles in length. Just about 30,000,000 people have immigrated to the United States from foreign countries. During three different years since 1904 the number exceeded 1,000,000, but now it is between 700,000 and 800,000. The emigration from the United States during recent years has averaged about 400,000. The 16-inch gun at Sandy Hook, which is the largest, and in fact, the only gun of this character in the army, has a muzzle velocity of 2,150 feet per second. Computations indicate that it would throw a projectile weighing 2,400 pounds a distance of about 21 miles. Statisticians have just completed counting all the nickels that have been spent the last year to see the ‘movies.’ The grand total, said to be the first official count ever prepared in this country, is 6,380,000,000, or $319,000,000, paid by 3,600 000,000 spectators. It is also shown that over $80,000,000 is invested in the moving-picture industry, that more than 200,000 persons are employed, and that 10,000,000 feet of films are produced weekly. Francis Joseph, Emperor of Austria-Hungary has been on the throne longest, having acceded in 1848. He is also the oldest prominent ruler, being 83 years old, having ascended the throne at the age of 19 years. President Fallieres of France, is 72 years old. President Wilson is 57.       The fellow that knows it all, seldom demonstrates that “knowledge is power.” 
