---
title: Pennsylvania’s Death House
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 34
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PENNSYLVANIA'S DEATH HOUSE    Work will shortly be under way for the construction of the new building, in Center county, which will be known as the ‘‘death house”’, and where is to be placed the first electric chair in Pennsylvania for the execution of criminals, The building will be two stories high, a plain structure of reinforced concrete of the Renaissance type. It will contain cells for the condemned prisoners, room for visitors and the sinister death chamber and post-mortem room. The arrangement is on the corridor plan. To the right, and occupying nearly half the floor space are the cell room and cells, six of the latter, 7 by 6 feet in size, being arranged in a row at the back of the building. At the end of the row is a bath room, and beyond this a room for visitors, opening into the cell room through a gate protected by a grille. Through a solid wood door entrance is given into the death chamber, which will be a spacious room, 26 by 29 feet, lighted by windows. The door is near the front wall of the building, and that sinister piece of furniture, the death chair, is close to the door on the right. Behind and to one side of it is the electrical wall cabinet, at which the electrician stands, watching the signals given by the physician in charge of the electrocution. The execution chair, or, as it has been called “The Throne of Death,” will be constructed of solid oak, with a high back, from the top of which the head electrode, or cap, will project. Attached to one of the legs will be a connection for the other electrode which is strapped to the calf of the condemned persons leg. Heavy straps will be attached to appropriate parts of the chair for securing the body, arms and legs of the criminal. 
