---
title: Talked About
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 34
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TALKED ABOUT These are certainly busy days for the parole Board. The miniature model of a $20,000 carousel is still on exhibition in the Library, and for sale at $100. Anyone want it? Speak quick! Philadelphia is meeting with the same experience as that of other cities, when they attempted to close the ‘‘red-light” districts. Numerous assaults upon young girls and children have kept the police on the jump for some time, while anxious mothers dread to allow their daughters out of their sight. Mrs. Pankhurst, English suffragette, is meeting with very poor success in this country from a financial point of view. American women were not long in taking the measurements of the distinguished militant, and cutting her accordingly. Quite a few of the men who have been granted parole are being detained, pending an investigation of their sponsors. To interview such a large number of people, so widely scattered, naturally requires some little time, and unfortunately, we can’t all be first. A man on the Fifth gallery has about completed a miniature locomotive, made entirely of wood, which he proposes to equip with a motor and put to work. The White Sox, with Walter Johnson of Washington in the box, shut out the New York Giants in a game at Tulsa Oklahoma, at the same time: knocking the far famed Matthewson off the mound in the fourth inning. The game in which these two great masters were to face one another had been looked forward to with great interest. The result was 6-0. All of the runs were made before Matty retired. Now after twenty years of adulation, comes an English savant, who says Lombroso is a fraud; Bertillon’s system of measurements never caught a criminal, and there is no such thing as a “criminal class.’’ He supports all this with a book equally as voluminous as any published by the two great criminologists, and is obtaining a large following. One of strongest impressions gained by visitors to this institution, is the number of bright, clean cut young men, everywhere in evidence, with nothing in their appearance to suggest a “criminal class.” The All-conquering White Elephants, surrounded by five hundred of Philadelphia’s most opulent citizens gathered in the main banquet hall of the Bellevue-Stratford, one evening last week, and enjoyed themselves, as only a bunch of good fellows know how. Wine, Wit and Appolinaris effervesced throughout the evening, and guests and hosts, vied with each other in saying complimentary things most of which would have made a trolley man blush. Everybody talked, even Connie Mack,’ and Chief Bender. The latter did even better, for Indian though he is, he showed his versatility, by singing an Irish song. Some men are naturally fast, and some are tied to their wives’ apron strings.
