---
title: The Changing Jailer
author: The North American
issue: 12
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 35
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE CHANGING JAILER    A New Classification of Criminals Coming—True Worth of Men and Women Require Larger Justice—    WE DO not know the name of the first jailer or at what date he entered upon the performance of his duties. He must have come early, for crime marred the second generation of the race. And crime begot prisons.    For centuries he functioned, varying little as to type. Barring such externals as speech and raiment, he was alike in all times and lands. Into his keeping might be given Saul of Tarsus, a saint, or Dick Turpin, gentleman of the road ; John Bunyan or Sam the pickpocket. It made no difference to him. To all these, from Cervantes to the Younger brothers, he was not a human being with a heart. He was a machine with a pump, automatically measuring off to each the cell length society had decreed: Sometimes one of him spat sparks and ran wild, as machines will do. But machines never see or think or sympathize. Neither did the jailer. He had a perfectly clear understanding of his place and part. His to see that the penalty imposed by society was carried out to the last minute of the last hour of the term of sentence His, also, to make sure that the penalized sensed fully the width and depth of the impassable gulf between him and them. Always there was a superiority of the jailer in his domain of despair.   Only outside the prison did the ice-water pump become a heart lifting blood. Within, his heartlessness matched the cold gray walls, the chill, damp air. Even the French revolution, with its melting scenes of parting, did not change him. Thousands of years of heartlessness almost had made this lack his religion. He believed in it as the judge on the bench believes in dignity.    He was a keeper of men and women who had done wrong. Never did he think how little a step it might be from his desk to the dungeon—even tor him! He was guarding society against some of its enemies They were not even names to him, but numbers; and he marked them up when they came in and when they went out—to ostracism or the rope—as he might have checked bales of Tyrian cloth or Virginia tobacco.    For scores of centuries this was the jailer.    He was the accurate reflection of the spirit and the letter of the law.    The spirit and letter of the law were accurate interpretations of the civilization of the times.    Though a different doctrine was taught by Jesus, the most influential teacher who ever lived, for more than 1900 years the civilization which made the law and the law which reflected the Civilization supported this jailer and all that dovetailed with his heartlessness. Humanity was banished from the house of punishment.   The wrongdoer, whether or not armed with any excuse aroused contempt. “It is strange that you should not be angry when you meet a man with an ill-conditioned body and yet be vexed when you encounter one with an ill-conditioned soul,” said Socrates. While every effort was made to relieve the sick body, sick souls were as wholly neglected as if they were sawdust.    It has been reserved for the day in which we live—this day of swift changes—for the viewpoint to change. We have risen above the eye-for-an-eye and tooth-for-a-tooth attitude as between the law and its victim. We have come to understand that punishment is not to be administered as though the law were wreaking vengeance on the prisoner.    Its sole purpose is the protection of society. But this does not mean society is to be protected by placing the offender behind the steel bars and degrading him, so that when he comes out he will be even a worse menace.    It means putting into his heart a feeling different from that which prompted the offense. It means planting there new aspirations; displacing the old crookedness with new straightness; enlarging upon the good that is in him.    Yet think what a shudder of fear would have coursed through the land even twenty years ago at the mere mention of such news as that published in this paper the other day—the release from the Eastern Penitentiary of fifty-three convicts on parole. The plan contemplated the release of fifty-seven more as part of the same lot. Since the announcement nearly 100 have received their freedom, and the remainder of the 110 are shortly to be set free.    Some of those who thus share the first benefits of the new law authorizing the board of pardons to take such action are murderers. Their sentences run from two to forty years. Yet the law says none can leave the prison without definite assurance of employment. Already Warden McKenty has helped to get jobs for all who have gone.    Yes, the jailer has changed! Because the civilization back of the law which is reflected in the jailer has changed. The extent of the change is best evidenced by that provision of the law which makes it possible for him to assist in the designation of those to be paroled, for this list originates with the prison inspectors, who naturally consult the warden.    “I am ready to stake my life that 95 per cent of the 110 convicts who are to leave in a few days will make good,” said McKenty when the delivery was announced.    Here is a jailer who spends most of his time trying to lift up, encourage and hearten the hundreds of convicts under his care. The board of pardons spends its time trying to select those who should be pardoned or paroled. The whole trend of the new spirit is to liberate, to reestablish, to increase rather than decrease the chances for a return to normal conduct. The modern theory is to restore the criminal to society to make him useful—to convert a liability into an asset.    Society is beginning to realize that a term in prison in no small measure hinges on chance. “But for the grace of God there go I,” is being thought by an increasing number of men and women who see others go to prison. Science has proved that criminal tendencies may result from physical defects. This has helped to establish the new viewpoint. Then, too, men are gaining the higher ground upon which Robert G. Ingersoll stood more than thirty years ago, when he said:    I am perfectly satisfied that there are millions of people incapable of committing certain crimes, and it may be true that there are millions of others incapable of practicing certain virtues. We do not blame a man because he is not a sculptor, a poet, a painter or a statesman. We say he has not the genius. Are we certain that it does not take genius to be good? Where is the man with intelligence enough to take into consideration the circumstances of each individual case? Who has the mental balance with which to weigh the forces of heredity, of want, of temptation; and who can analyze with certainty the mysterious motions of the brain? Where and what are the sources of vice and virtue? In what obscure and shadowy recesses of the brain are passions born? And what is it that for the moment destroys the sense of right and wrong?    Thus was set forth many years ago at least one phase of the spirit of the new order. To understand this radical change one has only to trace the development of the new attitude toward the child. ‘‘As long as children are raised in the tenement and gutter, the prisons will be full,” said Ingersoll. He might have added that this would be the result so long as they were ground into dividends, so long as they are deprived of their rights to increased profits by others. But the child is no longer regarded as legitimate material for the millstones of men’s greed.    No longer is the woman viewed as a mere adjunct. In the changed attitude toward her is to be found one source of this new spirit. In part, it grows out of the law which says to the corporation, “You shall not strike down the breadwinner and throw the burden on an innocent wife. You yourself must carry the burden, with the understanding, of course, that you shift a proper share on society.”    In brief, it is the discovery of the true worth of men and women that is leading us into this field of larger justice. We are beginning to understand what Christ taught. We are coming to a new classification of criminals. —From The North American. 

