---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 35
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
MENTION WAS MADE in these columns a few weeks ago, of the enactment of a law in Wayne county, Michigan, under which confirmed inebriates are to be sent to a sanatorium for medical treatment, rather than to the Workhouse.    This law has been placed into effect ; the first beneficiaries, being a woman 63 years of age, who in the last twelve years has been sent to the Workhouse 80 times, and the other a former brilliant attorney, who succumbed to the liquor habit, and for many years has occupied a cell in the county prison, with only short intervals of freedom.    These are extreme cases. Doubtless others, representing a fair average will be selected, and the experiment attain wider interest.    In view of the fact that it has been common knowledge for a great many years, that intemperance was accountable for more than seventy per cent. of all crimes, it seems remarkable that humanitarians have not taken up this phase of criminology, and endeavored to effect the reformation of a man while he is in prison, through curing him of the habit of drink.    For at least twenty years, science has been able to effect a cure for drunkenness in a large percentage of cases, and every year, this percentage is increasing. When a man arrives in prison, he is carefully examined as to his health, and if found to be a tubercular, or syphilitic, he receives immediate which Why not extend this to the chronic inebriate ? Why not endeavor to cure the nervousness of which he is medical attention, continues throughout his term. a victim so that he may leave the prison in normal health, and in such a condition his system will not crave a stimulant ? Large amounts of money and time are spent in earnest endeavor to regenerate the criminal by various means but no one seems to have thought of doing so through reclaiming him to perfect health.    The idea has been, that if after serving a number of years in prison a man was released in comparatively as good condition, physically, as when he entered, the authorities charged all of their obligations.    Society which demanded his imprisonment, and taken away from him the right to provide for himself, and maybe others, owes it to him, to at least restore him to liberty in as nearly a normal state of health as it is possible to attain.    The man who leaves the front gate to go direct to a barroom is not a healthy man.    His, is a weakened system, crying for stimulant. 

