---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 35
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Thomas Mott Osborne, who recently served a self-imposed term of one week, in the Auburn prison, in order to familiarize himself with conditions there at first hands, has sailed for Europe for the purpose of examining into prison affairs in that country. He says, he believes there is a wider field there. In one of Sherlock Holmes stories, it is said, that if you wish to effectually hide an article from a person, place it, figuratively, right under their nose, and they will search everywhere else, but in the place most apparent. This seems to be the case with Mr. Osborne, for there is ample material, and then some, in this country, without going abroad for it. Evidently the Auburn prison is not such a bad place after all, for there were only a few suggestions for improvement made by the philanthropist, and none calling for serious attention. He recommended that the men be provided with raincoats, or entire change of clothing, to protect them from inclement weather on their way to and from work. He also deemed it a hardship for the men to be required to sleep without the comfort of a “‘nightie;” and thought it particularly unfair, that they should not be allowed to eat the fruit which was rotting on the grounds of his orchard ; all very serious matters, calling for reform. In view of Mr. Osborne’s statement, and the absurdity of his complaints, it is strongly suspected that it is his intention to break into vaudeville and is now engaged in some clever little advertising ‘‘stunts.”

