---
title: Grape Juice for Germans
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 35
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
GRAPE JUICE FOR GERMANS    Discover Alcohol Lowers Efficiency Following Kaiser Wilhelm’s renunciation of the German national beverage and the acceptance of grape juice, comes the dispatch, stating the German youths are renouncing “prosit” for “nein” in their vocabulary, thus indicating the wave of teetotalism in the greatest beer country in the world. It is not attributed to any especial awakening of’ moral or religious emotions; it is simply due to the German realization of a fact, and his sane method of going at a problem. With no particular fuss they have set out to make of Germany the most efficient nation in the world; alcohol deters efficiency, therefore, cut out alcohol. Such action is eminently sensible; it is strange that any person or nation in its right senses could do otherwise than discourage the excessive use of alcohol. Yet the statistics are telling us that in every nine days alcohol carries to death as many persons in this country as went down with the Titanic. It is not a temperance lecture, only a statement of fact to say that three-fourths of the cases in criminal courts can be traced to alcohol. It is not a lecture on morals to say that children are born with weak bodies, predisposed to disease and defective mentality because of alcohol. It is not a lecture on ethics nor the displaying of horrible examples to declare that women are still beaten, and children are still left destitute and. brutally treated by reason of alcohol. ; Twenty per cent. of the admissions to the Massachusetts Insane Hospital in 1906 were due to alcohol. Forty-three per cent. of the patients in the Illinois Hospitals for the insane are directly due to alcohol. Thirty-seven per cent. of the pauperism of the United States is due to the same cause. Infant mortality, degeneracy, crime, murders, suicides, tuberculosis, disease due to lowered vitality, premature deaths owing to hardened arteries and. degeneracy of the organs, all these you may*trace to alcohol. This is no temperance lecture, but if a habit is destroying life, efficiency, prosperity, happiness—not only for today but for years to come— isn’t it time to cut it out? 

