---
title: Talked About
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 35
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TALKED ABOUT    Nearly 100 men are wearing the “ smile that won't come off,’ as a result of the Board meeting last week.    Adolphus Busch of St. Louis is dead. He left an estate of $50,000,000, which will permit each of his heirs to draw exactly $1,000 per day. How much of your money will they spend?    Softly—I am almost afraid to speak it out loud, but it appears to me, that the Parole Board has adopted a more liberal policy lately.    Mr. Bonsal probably overlooked the fact that with only a trifling expenditure of time and money, some of the finest rabbits in the country may be had in the—Reading Terminal Market.    Miss Jessie Wilson, daughter of the President will be married the 25th inst., before a small gathering of about one thousand guests.    With true Democratic simplicity, each member of Congress chipped in five dollars to purchase a suitable wedding gift for the young lady.    The Mayor of Atlantic city places himself on record as favoring unusual courtesy to men of known wealth, who may be apprehended for crime.    I am one who don’t agree with him. The greater the man’s education, wealth and _position, the less excuse for him to violate the law.    He should not be granted any courtesy which is not accorded to “Yiddisha Sam,” or “One-Eyed Hogan.”    Governor Blease of South Carolina, has pardoned more convicts serving sentences in the state penitentiary then any previous Governor in the history of the state. He said:    “Every pardon granted by me has been concurred in by the State Pardon Board, and recommended by the jury and judge on the case. Other Governors have refused pardons because they did not have the back-bone to do the right thing by these poor devils.”    The Editor rushed into the office one day last week, and nearly fell over a big stack of bank books upon which the Chaplain was busily engaged. These books represented accounts in the saving funds held by men in this institution.    Every month, the amount of their earnings are deposited in bank to their individual credit by the Chaplain, who is just about as happy to see this evidence of thrift, as the men are to know they “have a dollar.’    Money in the bank is a nice thing to have at any time, but especially nice, on the day we leave. Freedom, together with a “bank roll” will turn the dreariest sort of a day into sunshine.    Chorus girls are talking “strike” in New York. Why not? The bootblacks had theirs. The girls want $25 per. and ought to have it. This is what they say:    “Decent dinner, less than three?    No sir, Childs’ won’t do for me.    Luncheon costs almost as much—    Where’s the price for cabs and such?    Things a perfect lady needs    Can't be bought for twenty seeds.”    It is said the Governor of this state is being urged to accept the presidency of the National Baseball League, and he has signified his willingness, if the election is made unanimous.    President W. F. Baker, of the Philadelphia club is conducting a campaign in Governor Tener’s behalf, and claims he has the support of six out of the eight clubs in the association.    The Governor’s familiarity with baseball affairs, coupled with the administrative experience he has gathered in the Executive Mansion, renders him most eminently fitted for the position.    Magistrate Gorman who was elected one of the Municipal Court judges, has announced that he would organize a body of lawyers to act as free counsel for poor prisoners appearing in the new court.   This is a matter which should have State provision. No man can have a fair trial as provided for in the Constitution, unless he is represented by a trained lawyer. Judge Gorman will experience some difficulty in organizing such a force, unless it be from students, as lawyers have always been very loath to give of their services, without reasonable, or unreasonable compensation; it is a violation of-one of the ethics of their profession, I believe.    John L. Sullivan has ‘‘retired’’ again. This time in Philadelphia, where an informal buffet was held in the Pen and Pencil Club to celebrate the event last Friday night. John retires from the fighting game, and vaudeville, but merely that he may be able to devote his whole attention to a new moving picture house he has purchased in Boston.    Things are sizzling down in Mexico these days, and the correspondent working on space rates is making as much as the President, or ought to. Mr. Wilson has signified to Mr. Huerta, that he must step off the throne or chair, or whatever they call it in that country of revolutes, and Mr. Huerta, doesn’t say a word, or move an inch in reply. At this writing, Mr. Wilson has assembled a large force of war ships at Vera Cruz, others are on their way, and yet others are within convenient wireless distance.    The militia boys, are taking the camphor balls out of the pockets of their uniforms, and urging their best girls to speedy marriage. It is making a nice lot of newspaper reading, but it is hardly probable Mr. Wilson will ask congress to declare war on Mexico, simply because Mr. Huerta will not resign and “obliterate ”’ himself when told. It is. not everyone who would care to “obliterate” himself anyway.    However before this is in type, many changes will doubtless occur in the land of the “hot tamale.”

