---
title: The Innocent Suffer Says A Famons [sic] Penologist
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 35
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE INNOCENT SUFFER Says A Famous Penologist That our present prison system is all wrong has been admitted for quite a few years, but as a rule the individuals expressing themselves were persons of such meager experience, their opinion carried but little weight. But when a man like Major R W. McClaughery, who has practically devoted his whole life to prison work, and brought to his aid the benefits of extensive investigations at home, and abroad, comes forward with a statement concerning conditions, it at once commands the interest and respect of the thinking public. Major McClaughery for many years was in charge of the Joliet prison, and later, warden of the Government penitentiary at Leavenworth. He is everywhere recognized as an authority ‘on penology. and recently expressed himself as follows: After having spent forty years of my life in the management of prisons, and fourteen years constantly in charge of the Federal prison at Leavenworth, I am convinced that the system is wrong. ; The theory of the law is to punish the culprit. As a matter of fact, in the administration of the law it is not the prisoner who suffers nearly so much as the innocent wives and children left be him absolutely at the mercy of the world. When the breadwinner of the family is convicted in the courts and he is sent to prison to pay the penalty, his wife and children are left helpless The scientists are taxed to provide the most improved facilities tor guarding his welfare. The food he is given is always wholesome and scrupulously clean. The task of the management is to provide tasks for him, that will fit him to battle with the world when he emerges. But not one thought does the government give to the despondent wife and the, daughters who may be entering womanhood, and who, until the head of the family came into contact with the law, may never have had to struggle for a livelihood. : Work should be provided inside the prison walls for all the prisoners, so that they could earn something. The earning, of course, should not go to them. The earnings should be cared for by the officials, and form a fund that should go toward the support of the families of the men. Thus while the man was serving his time he would know the fruits of his labor were going to provide for his family, deprived by law of his help. He would know that not one cent would go to enrich the coffers of the man who, because of his influence, makes a profitable contract with the state, and for a ridiculously small sum owns the output of the prisoner’s labor. Of course such a plan would meet with disapproval of demagogues, but honest labor would not object to competition such as this, when the fruits of prison labor went directly towards relieving actual want, and did not go to create the fortunes of those who wax fat on the prisoner’s labor. 
