---
title: Talked About
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 36
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TALKED ABOUT    Western turkeys are quoted in this city at 32 cents a pound. No, thank you.    2000 convicts of the San Quentin prison, all garbed in new gray cadet suits, stood and watched a huge bonfire destroying the old striped uniforms just discarded, while the prison band added to the enthusiasm manifested at this historic event.    Ducky has entirely recovered from his distressing accident of last summer and is now at work. During his enforced idleness, he designed a new “ball,” said to be the most elusive ever introduced in a ball game. He calls it the “Valve twist,” and has joined the plumbing crowd in order to bring it to a high state of perfection.    Warden Francis of the Western Penitentiary, without any aid, took five prisoners, “(desperadoes”) to the new prison site in Center county. They were ‘‘on honor,’’ and wore no shackles. Mr. Francis says he proposes to take a carload there, in the same way, very shortly.    It is reported, that notwithstanding the enormous seating capacity of the New York Polo grounds, where provision has been made for 465,000 spectators of the Army—Navy football game, this number is entirely inadequate, and fully thirty thousand applicants for tickets have been refused.    A lifetime man here, B 4545, has just completed and had printed and bound, a compilation of difficult mathematical problems, with their answers fully worked out, which he is offering for sale at 25 cents each. The proceeds of the sale are to go toward the expenses incidental to an application for his pardon. He expects a generous demand for his “Vest Pocket Mathematics.”    The Umpire would be glad to hear from B 6171 with some more of his dialect prose or verse.    It is expected that about 250 men from the Western Penitentiary will make application for parole, to the State Board today. Arrangements have been made by which all of those paroled who cannot secure sponsors and employment otherwise, will be furnished with work on the new prison building.    An interesting news item is headed “How Can I Invest $500” The question agitating the most of us is ‘Where can I Find $500 to Invest?”    It occurs to me that one of the strongest influences that can be brought to bear on the Parole Board, is the Chaplain's report, that the man in question has established an account for himself in a savings fund. Such an account isa wholesome indication of a step toward good citizenship.    A dastardly outrage was perpetrated upon one of the Umpire’s most valued contributors, one day last week, when Jingles was verbally ejected from the culinary department of this institution where he had gone upon a special assignment by direction of the Editor. His feelings were badly lacerated in the encounter with the Boss Chef, and at first he entertained serious thoughts of a suit for damages. His newspaper instincts prevailed, however, and he at once evolved a plan to outwit the Cook and secure the information he was sent for. The following day, he disguised himself as a “ham,” and bribed a lugger to carry him into the sacred precincts of the kitchen. Once there, he used all five of the senses with which nature endowed him, thus enabling him to gather a full report of the proceedings in the domains of the cook Jingles is now busily engage in the preparation of an account of his adventure, which he promises will contain some spicy reading.    In the Jefferson City (Missouri) prison 1695 men and 44 women are engaged in making shoes, clothing, brooms, saddlery and leather findings. These industries are controlled by contractors, who pay the state 70 cents a day for the able-bodied men, and 50 cents a day for 46 “cripples,” and the 44 women. They manufactured during the year 1912, goods valued at $4,294,494, out of which the contractors only turned into the State treasury $362,228. This was less than 814 per cent. for the labor.    Two women underwent voluntary imprisonment in the Auburn institution lately with a view of obtaining inside information upon conditions among the women there. They praise the management, but condemn the system. Most glaring faults discovered were that the inmates are only allowed one little stingy towel a week, and can talk with each other only fifteen minutes during the day. This is certainly hard on the women.    The Umpire Word Contest is going along splendidly, and many lists coming in. It is very gratifying to note that the lists evidence more care in the preparation, and are in every way of a higher class than those submitted in the contest of the previous month. This is very encouraging, and we want a great many more. This is the last week, as all lists must be in by November 26, so you want to get busy at once.    Advertisements for the Umpire must be sent through Overseers, the same as any other contributions. The Editor will be glad to do anything to promote the sale of goods, but all transactions must accord with institution rules.    The frequent lashings of convicts in New Castle Delaware, has lately received widespread notice, with the effect that a resolution was introduced in Congress requesting the Attorney General to take action to secure an injunction against the Delaware authorities prohibiting them from the use of the whipping post. For want of a quorum, the resolution went over, but the Attorney General learning of it, at once gave it as his opinion, that the Federal Government could not take any action in the matter under the Constitutional Amendment, prohibiting, ‘cruel and inhuman punishment,” for the reason the United States could only enforce the Amendment in its application to Federal cases.       There is gloom upon the Storehouse,    “Jimmy” Loan is rushed with work,    For Albert is about to leave him,    And he loses a dang good clerk. 




