---
title: Chouteau Relief
author: The Penitentiary Bulletin
issue: 19
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 36
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CHOUTEAU RELIEF    A Fund Conceived, Established and Maintained by Prisoners in Kansas Penitentiary    When a man with family is taken in custody * by the state, and taken to prison, often the family is left in destitute circumstances. Many times the children are small and unable to be breadwinners, thus throwing a heavy burden upon the unfortunate mother. The state makes no provision to speak of, for the care of the helpless family. The amount given by the average board of county commissioners is very meager, and frequently instead of helping them they donate a little money to get the family away and off their hands. Sometimes these families come to Lansing, and are stranded and in a destitute condition. One family on arriving here, consisting of a wife and two children. Besides a sister of the man in custody, who also had a child, making a family of five to be supported It was necessary for them to appeal to the authorities for aid. Even the drayage of their baggage had to be paid for by the deputy warden. The Chouteau Relief Fund came to this unfortunate family’s rescue. Their rent was paid, and their groceries furnished until the husband was released from prison. Had it not been for this fund the family would have suffered. This is only one case of many that this association has assisted This fund was established January 27, 1910, with a donation of $103.50 by a prisoner, Gerard M. Chouteau, for whom the society is named. The management is under the supervision of the prison authorities. The Fund is maintained by gifts from prisoners and others, and by sale of souvenirs and trinkets made chiefly by the prisoners. Occasionally those who have been helped by the fund become able later to repay what has been given to them. The need of such a fund is very apparent. Women suddenly deprived of a husband's assistance have overworked caring for little ones until they broke down. Children have died for lack of nourishment; have been hungry and cold, and kept out of school because of lack of clothes and books. Some have learned evil ways leading to more lawlessness. Wives have become discouraged, and in some cases, have gone into evil ways, or have obtained divorces, breaking homes, and leaving the erring, lonely prisoner to grieve and grow bitter, and go out in time with no home to go to, no wife and children to care for, the responsibility for whom would keep him in industry and sobriety. The Penitentiary Bulletin. 


