---
title: "Thanksgiving Day: Its Origin"
author: Mitch
issue: 26
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 37
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THANKSGIVING DAY    Its Origin    By Mitch   The practice of setting apart a day to be observed in general thanksgiving to the Creator for the blessings of the year is distinctly an American custom. It is an annual festival designated by the President, and Governors of the several states by proclamation and is usually held on the last Thursday of November.   It was first celebrated by the Plymouth Colony, those early settlers of the country, in 1621, and gradually became general in what was then known as New England. After the Revolution the custom slowly extended to the Middle States, and later to the West, and more slowly to the South. Abraham Lincoln was the first President to recommend its observance in 1863, since which time, successive Presidents have continued the custom, giving it National importance.    The reasons for its first observance vary, but were evidently the outgrowth of the intensely religious character of the Puritans, or first settlers. Religion entered into their everyday life in a manner which is difficult for the present generation to understand or appreciate. They lived close to God, and called upon Him almost incessantly for their slightest needs. The granting of these prayers was devoutly acknowledged by services of praise and thanksgiving, while the withholding of them was borne meekly as a justifiable retribution for misdeeds.   The first settlers coming over in the Mayflower, and landing at Plymouth Rock, formed their little colony on the sandy and unproductive New England coast. Fear of the Indians further inland, restricted any attempts by them to seek a more fertile country, and as a result, their crops were always meager, and at times failed entirely. They landed in this country ill prepared to take up husbandry, and were entirely without seeds or farming implements. A few friendly Indians gave them a small quantity of corn for planting purposes, and this they cultivated assiduously, but the soil was not suitable, and poor returns for their labor was the result.    The story runs, that they were facing utter famine: the last grain of corn had been eaten, a heavy snow covered the ground, and the members were all pitifully. weakened from lack of food, and the bitter cold. They had assembled in their principal house to hear suggestions, and take measures to relieve their own distress. It was proposed, that notwithstanding the rigors of the weather, and probable danger of meeting with hostile Indians, that a party of the younger men, should go out, penetrate into the woodland some miles in the interior, and endeavor to kill some wild fowls or animals upon which they might subsist for a while at least.    Six of the hardiest of the young men volunteered for this service and after spending some hours in prayer, departed with the blessings of those who remained behind. They had not progressed many miles, when afar off on the brow of a hill they discerned a movement indicating life, and watching yet closer, they made out the forms of huge birds.    Using extreme care, they gradually approached, the fowls without giving them fright, until close enough to safely venture to discharge their ungainly blunderbusses into the flock. Taking careful aim, for they fully realized that the lives of those awaiting for them were in the balance with their success, they fired their pieces, with the result that a number of large plump wild turkeys came tumbling around on the snow covered earth before them.    As they stood in the midst of the huge feathered creatures, their beautiful plumage staining with blood, and watched their convulsive movements becoming slower and slower, their religious fervor overcame their lust of slaughter, and knowing that the immediate wants of their friends would be satisfied with the fruits of their first shots, they desisted from continuing the hunt, and decided to return.    Distributing the burden between them, they hurried back to the Colony, where they were met with loud acclamations of joy. Notwithstanding the dreadful hunger affecting them all, the Governor had them fall upon their knees at once, and offer a prayer of thanksgiving for this Divine relief.    And, so it is said, on the anniversary of this day ever afterward special prayers were ordered, from which the custom grew, and extended to all parts of the United States, and into those countries where any little party of Americans may be assembled on that day. 

