---
title: 'Thanksgiving Dinner: The “Roast”'
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 37
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THANKSGIVING DINNER THE “ROAST” LIEUT. Bausewine lays the spread of crime to the Parole system. He declares the release of convicts is responsible for the increase in robberies. He says, “you can’t cure a crook. Most of them when they get out feel the itch for easy money and succumb to it. Recently the downtown section has become a rendezvous for the men of the underworld and I have been able to observe the effects of the parole system. I don’t like the looks of dt, and I don't mind your saying so in the biggest type you've got.” “Treat them like criminals that they are, and give them every punishment that is coming to them, because fear, after all is about the only emotion they know.” The Bulletin say: The coincidence between the numerous releases of State prisoners on parole and the increase of serious criminality in the city, which Lieut. Bausewine of the police notes, compare sufficiently with the thought of not a few citizens in regard to such a general prison delivery, that the advocacy of the parole system, as well as the general interest in the safety of the community, calls for a special effort to determine the facts. Something of a miracle in the way of prison administration must have been accomplished if such a depopulation of the prisons can take place without a greater or less number of the liberated offenders returning to their old pursuits of crime. Good behavior in prison cannot always be accepted as the sure sign of moral reformation and there is always danger that a shrewd criminal will grasp his cue and earn the good graces of a lenient keeper, which is certain to be increased if there is the certain incentive of a statutory promise of parole at the end of two-thirds of the court’s sentence. The possibility of reform is not to be challenged. The law would be a failure if sentences were wholly punitive. Not every offender repeats his misstep. Wholesale parole, such as now, is an entirely different proposition. from that of pardon. Reduction in prison terms apparently becomes the rule. Extraordinary evidence of accomplished reform no longer seems to be necessary. Ordinary compliance with prison rules and obedient demeanor seem to be convincing. When prisoners by the hundred sentenced to terms varying from a few years to life, are declared qualified for release, their cases and their merits cannot be said to be exceptional. Referring to the above Mr. Robert A. Balfour one of the Prison Inspectors, said, “that the results obtained by the parole system entirely confirmed the wisdom of it. The careful observation of the prisoners in general showed which ones were worthy of parole, would keep, it and the monthly reports by themselves and their sponsors gave them little opportunity to break the terms of their release. The few cases which have proven failures were probably caused by the hounding of the prisoners by unsympathetic officers of the law. The parole system is the most humane that has ever been devised. I differ absolutely with the police on this question.” 
