---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 37
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THANKSGIVING Day in prison! Thankful? Wherein are we worse off than the sailor on the sea; the keeper in the lighthouse, the digger in the mines; the weather observer on Pike’s Peak; the lumberman in the camp; the forester in the great western woods, or that pathetic creature, the man without a home? We have much to be thankful for, despite our position, and if we have not more; if we have not freedom’ let us be honest with ourselves at least, and admit that the fault lies with us alone.    We should be thankful, for the health and strength with which the most of us are blessed.    We should be thankful for the many little kindly acts, and courtesies we are constantly receiving one from the other.    We should be thankful, that since it was our lot to be imprisoned at all, that circumstances and a wise judge decreed that it should be in this institution, where kindliness is the key-note, and intelligent, sympathetic care is constant. Where love of humanity is taught, and practiced; where the rigors of the law are softened as much as may be, and where a man is treated as a human being, and not as a piece of Society’s discarded junk. Certainly we should be thankful for the Warden.    We should be thankful for the officers, from the Chaplain down to the newest “night hawk,” for there is none of us, who has not at some time received favor at their hands, while courtesy from them has become so usual, we are at times in danger of forgetting its priceless value.    We should be thankful for the “King’s Daughters,” that band of gentle ladies who are doing so much for the inmates in a quiet but nonetheless effective way. We should be thankful for the time they spare in maintaining a correspondence with us, designed to keep us in touch with the outside world, and the many good people in it. For their individual contributions to the creature comforts of so many of the men and women, as well as for the words of cheer and hope they bring us from time to time.    We should be thankful for the many Christian visitors who give so much of their time and labor in efforts to make our lives better and brighter; who in summer and winter; sunshine and storm, never fail in their self-appointed task of providing our Sabbath services.    We should be thankful for the constancy and faith of those we have left without the walls.    We should be thankful for the joy of living.    We should be thankful that we have bread to eat.    We should be thankful for the privilege of work.    And after we have communed with ourselves, and admitted just how many things we have to be thankful for, let us pause, and offer just a little prayer of thanksgiving for Mrs. Fassitt. 

