---
title: Our Chaplain
author: Jingles
issue: 16
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 5
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Our Chaplain      When we awake, at break of day. Right at our cell door, do we stay,   And to the first one, that we see, We give a note, this is our plea:-   "Oh Mr. Chaplain, please do come, I must see you, this ain't no fun,   For wood and wool, I need real bad, The same as I before have had."   Of course, the notes are not the same, -For some are wild, and others tame,   But to everyone, who writes or sends, A willing ear, the Chaplain lends.   An extra letter, a cake of soap,   Or anything for which we hope,   We write at once, for the Rev-er-end, Who is to all, a real true friend.   When through our Block, he makes his way, · A cornet, for some lad to play,   And in the other hand, he bears,   A bird cage, clock, and other wares.   Just sign your name, and that is all, Away he goes on another call,   From early morn, till late at night, He's always here, to do things right.   The other day, the writer saw,   Our Chaplain, at the big front door,   The day was dark, and cold and wet, But on the job he was, you bet.   From his hat and coat, big rain-drops fell, But he wore the smile, we know so well,   And in his arms, six bundles lay,   That he had gone for, that bad day.   So let us thank him, one and all,   The one who waits, our beck and call,   And don't get sore, if things go bad,   Send for the Chaplain, he'll make you glad.   -JJNGLES.      Moral:-Many a true word is spoken in jest, but the above rhyme isn't any joke. And boys, none know it any better than we do.   How about it.
