---
title: Ingratitude
author: B-6594
issue: 26
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 37
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BRAIN FOOD    INGRATITUDE    By B 6594    From time immemorial, many of us have been ungrateful and unthankful toward God and man. The heart and soul and mind of man are the same under every sky in all the varying circumstances of life; and it is indeed with reverential awe that we see, hear and must believe, how human beings show their ingratitude in their daily life toward their Creator and fellowman. Being conscious of the fact that God loves and cares for us, even to the least event and smallest need of life. It is a blessed thought. that from our childhood God has been laying His fatherly hands upon us, and always in benediction; that even the strokes of His hands are blessings, and among the chiefest we have ever received. When this feeling is awakened, the heart should beat with a pulse of thankfulness Every gift should have its return of praise.    The ungrateful man-lives in the world as if it was made altogether for him, and not he for the world, and yet with all this the Divine Father has blessed him with every ‘‘ good thing needful ’ from the earliest dawn of his existence. He has watched over him as a shepherd watches over his sheep, and yet man will show his ingratitude to Him as well as to his best earthly friend—his mother—the dearest, sweetest friend, that has born him into the world; who cared and guarded him in his childhood days to manhood; when he left the home fireside to try the realities of the world, even then she gave her good, honest, parental advice, with a mother’s love, a mother’s prayer, and anxious tears that never fade out during his succeeding years. Other friends that have helped us over many rocky and stony roads, removing many thorns and thistles from our pathway; lending us a In return we have shown our ingratitude by becoming a pest, a monster to them, because of our unthankfulness for what they had done. helping hand in many ways. They befriended us and yet we were greedier than the sea, and barrener than the shore, a scandal and an exception from common humanity, and upon no other account fit to live in this world but to be made an example of God's justice. For “men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents unthankful” etc. They have forgotten that brotherly kindness worketh no ill will to men. Look around us almost anywhere—discontent prevails, even among fellow prisoners—language most unbecoming a gentleman is used among us, cursing and swearing—the most useless, unmeaning and brutal of regularities. Nothing can be so silly and unmeaning, not to say shocking, repulsive and sinful as the oaths so common in the mouths of vulgar swearers.    Why not implant in our soul a principle, Divine in its origin and Divine in its tendency—ever bearing upward for the good and be thankful to God and our fellow creatures for favors, though small they be.    There is true manhood in all of us. Let us be men and show it. Manhood comes from self-culture. Do not show your ungrateful character and conduct. Though we have erred in the past. The future is before us and if we do right it will be as bright as a midday sun in a cloudless sky. 


