---
title: The American Turkey
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 11
year: 1913
month: 37
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE AMERICAN TURKEY    The suggestion has been made that the American turkey, rather than the American eagle, should be the emblem of our country. Perhaps the answer should be that while the turkey is highly satisfactory to the stomach, no bird but the eagle could satisfy the soul.    When the Spaniards sailed into the Antilles and landed upon one of the islands of the south seas, they found wild turkeys plentiful. These turkeys while not identical with the North American fowl of the same name were of the same family. The hungry sailors feasted and were glad.    The turkeys indigenous to the southern countries are the Honduras and Mexican varieties, the former being the smallest of the turkey family. In plumage they are the most beautiful of turkeys, but they cannot be domesticated.    The scarcity of turkeys in recent years has resulted from criminally careless management of them. So little attention has been given to the selecting of breeding stock that a race of weaklings has succeeded the robust fowls of fifty years ago. A century ago turkeys lived the year around on rugged mountain sides, resisting the rigors of winter, the attacks of wild animals, and often the scarcity of food. In spite of all these things the flocks thrived.       —The people who take offense easily are kept busy taking it.    The question for each man to settle, is not what he would do if he had means, time, influence and educational advantages, but what he will do with the things he has —H. W. Mabie 

