---
title: The Prison Kitchen
author: Jingles
issue: 3
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 38
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE PRISON KITCHEN    Enormous Amount of Foodstuffs Consumed Every Year—Cleanliness the Keynote    By JINGLES    IF BY ANY chance the United States should go to war with Mexico, the amount of food consumed in this place in one year would feed 500,000 of Uncle Sam’s fighting-men for one day. It would feed every man, woman and child, from the Delaware River to Thirty-second street, south of Market for one day, and then have some left over for the Sunday Morning Breakfast Association.    625,000 pounds of beef, mutton, pork and fish are used in this institution in one year. Fifteen car loads of potatoes and onions; nearly 5,000 barrels of flour, 25,000 quarts of molasses, tons and tons of sauerkraut and cabbages; 18,250 pounds of tea and coffee; rice, barley, beans oatmeal, all used in carload lots. Apples dried fruits, butter, eggs, milk, lard, all are purchased, and used in huge quantities, blissful for the storekeeper, but rough on the State.    The amount of work necessary to keep account of this volume of foodstuff is enormous, but so perfect is the system, that the amount consumed in any one year up toa given time, together with the amount on hand can be ascertained in a moment.    The preparation and cooking of this large quantity of food also entails a great amount of labor, yet the work in the kitchen is so arranged that everything passes along according to schedule without friction, and with the labor of but a comparatively few men.    How many of us, when passing the kitchen realize the enormous quantity of food that is prepared daily for our consumption? Visitors who are shown through the place are astonished at the speed these few men display in preparing our food. Of course the actual work is greatly reduced due to the modern appliances used, which are of the most approved type. Also the men have long since become very accurate and efficient in their duties, and would do justice to any of the large hostelries in the city, in the cooking or baking departments.    At 5.30 each morning the men are up and preparing breakfast, while most of us are fast asleep. The breakfast as we all know consists of coffee and bread. Every day 25 pounds of coffee are consumed, and about 15 barrels of flour a day are used for baking the bread. Dinner is on the trucks leading from the kitchen by 11.15 A.M. and wheeled up on a huge three-deck freight truck to the Center, from which point all the small trucks from the blocks receive their consignment. This meal which varies throughout the week usually consists of soup, meat, sauerkraut, potatoes, pork and beans, or cabbage, pot-pie etc. It requires about 1500 pounds of meat, 25 bushels of potatoes, 15 bushels of onions, and when rice or barley are used, about 250 pounds of these cereals. During the 4 months that we receive tomatoes in the summer about 1400 baskets are used. On days when cabbage is distributed the enormous amount of two tons, or 4,000 pounds are necessary. 375 gallons of sauerkraut for one meal, and about 1400 pounds of half smokes for a Wednesday dinner. On Friday nearly fifteen hundred pounds of fish are used. Sunday pot pie consists of about 1500 pounds of meat and potatoes and 750 pounds of baked crust.    Supper which is brought to the center in the same manner as the other meals requires 25 pounds of tea, and when rice is on the bill of fare about 350 pounds is allotted for supper. Nearly 11 bushels of onions are used on evenings when these are served.    During the week 150 bushels of potatoes are used, and about 75 bushels of onions Syrup which is served once a month amounts to 1500 qts. or a quart to teach man and woman. Besides this large amount, 25 gallons are consumed in making 3500 ginger-cakes each Sunday.    The diet kitchen which is an entirely different department, is situated on the Third Block, and is devoted’ wholly to the cooking and preparing of the food for those who are unfortunately too sick to attend to their regular work Of course it is evident, this food is of an entirely different nature, than that of the wholesome heavy meals that are served to the majority. Milk about 100 qts. a day ; eggs, about 15 doz ; sugar about 25 pounds; meat, about 75 pounds; butter about 10 pounds, besides other small necessities, constitute the average food required in the hospital. Of the men who are able to do light work, there are a few, mostly elderly men, who are served from the diet kitchen. The Doctor is in direct charge of this department, and takes a great interest in attending to the welfare of those in his care.       All supplies are carried from the storehouse, and are carefully inspected. by the overseers in charge there, to see that the food is fresh and good. As the best quality is bought, there is little chance of anything being unfit, but nevertheless Mr. Loan and his corps of assistants make a very strict examination of everything that is brought in, or taken from the storeroom. In addition to this inspection the Doctor and assistants examine every piece of meat on arrival in the prison.    The bake house which adjoins the kitchen is where all the bread, cakes, etc. are baked. Large ‘‘Kolb”’ ovens of the latest model are in use, and the entire place is tiled in white, making a very pretty appearance. Tables about 20 feet in length are used for mixing the flour,    (CONTINUED ON PAGE 4)       THE PRISON KITCHEN    (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1)    and kneading the dough. Directly opposite the bakeshop is a small storeroom for the bread, which is kept a day before it is distributed. Here also is a large slicing machine, for cutting the bread, and the man that operates it, can cut an incredible amount in a very short space of time. I am at a loss to state exactly where the ginger cakes are stored, and I doubt very much, if I would state the location even if I were aware of it. In both kitchen and bake-house the utmost care and attention is exercised to keep all the implements and utensils, and in fact, the entire place in every way sanitary. All articles used in preparing and cooking the food, are cleaned before and after each meal. This rule is imperative. Cleaning steam cauldron of which there are five, each one capable of holding 500 gallons is not a sinecure by any means, but the work is all done, and done well.      The figures stated in this article are approximately correct, and obtained through the courtesy of Mr. James Loan the storekeeper, who kindly assisted in their compilation.       We are all apt to forget the people who pay their debts much sooner than those who don’t.

