---
title: Honor System in Prison Now Successful in Six States
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 38
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR SYSTEM IN PRISON    Now Successful in Six States    The practice of putting convicts on their honor, especially prisoners who are at work constructing or repairing highways, has been started in several States and is meeting with much success, according to reports received by the National Committee on Prison Labor. North Dakota, Oregon, New Jersey Michigan, Ohio, and Colorado are among the States where the honor system has been ‘developed to its highest degree.    Under the laws of North Dakota, the Board of Control may employ convicts on the public highways, their expenses to be paid by their respective counties in which they work. The law stipulates that the prisoners perform their duties under the supervision of skilled laborers, who act as guards; but, so far as possible, the law declares, the convicts are to be placed on their honor.    Of 275 convicts who were worked under the honor system in Ohio, only 18—less than 7 per cent. —attempted to escape, according to the report of Warden Preston E. Thomas, of the Ohio State Penitentiary. While these men were thus employed, there was no barrier except their own honor between them and freedom. Of the 18 men who broke faith, all but seven were caught and returned to the prison, so that the percentage of those who failed to serve their full sentences was only 214. This record, says Warden Thomas, compares favorably, with trusts in the outside world.    Also in Michigan, where all persons convicted of drunkenness or vagrancy are sentenced to work on the roads instead of to jail, the practice of trusting prisoners has been found successful.    It was in Colorado, under Warden Thomas J. Tynan, that the honor system was first employed among prisoners at work on the highways, and it is in that State and Oregon that the system has been most extensively developed. Governor West, of Oregon, in a statement to the National Committee on Prison Labor concerning the honor system among the prisoners at work on the road, said:    “Our road gangs are made up of from 15 to 20 men, with a free man as foreman, who lives and works with his crew. His word is law in camp, and his report as to conduct of the prisoners carries great weight with the prison officials. It is most essential therefore, that great care be exercised in the selection of these foremen. We have had unexpected success in the operation of our road gangs. Some have been maintained es far as three hundred miles from the prison and nearly all in the hills and mountains, where every opportunity was given to escape. At first we lost a number of men, due largely to the novelty of the plan and unjust newspaper criticism, which made many of them fear the abandonment of the policy and their return to prison. There has been less newspaper criticism of late, and the public seeing the merits of the system, is accepting it as a settled policy.” 


