---
title: Whipping Convicts
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 38
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WHIPPING CONVICTS    Congressman John M. Evans, of Montana is still making efforts to secure the abolishment of the Delaware law which permits the flogging of convicts. During a speech in the House of Representatives, he recently said: l am perfectly willing to abide by the decision of the Attorney General. Notwithstanding that, I still feel that somewhere, at some time, a remedy will be found that will forever put a stop to the practice of the courts of Delaware. Despite all the good things Delaware has done, there are millions of people who feel there is one thing she has left undone that does not add to her credit—that is her failure to keep abreast of the times and abolish the last relic of cruelty incorporated in her laws before even the adoption of the American Constitution. Why is a woman not flogged in Delaware? The answer comes back immediately: To flog a woman would be cruel, so cruel that the good people of Delaware would not sit complacently by and permit it. All of which appeals to me to prove that corporal punishment as inflicted in the great State of Delaware is cruel and in direct violation of the best sentiments of the country. To resort to the whipping post in this, the 20th century, is simply a “call of the wild.” No crime was ever deterred by the commission of another crime. To take a helpless human being, bind him to a post and beat him to the extremity of human endurance must of necessity be degrading to the helpless victim, the man who applies the lash, the mob which looks upon the crime and the State or nation that sits idly by and does nothing to prevent its commission. 




