---
title: The Band Concert
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 38
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE BAND CONCERT    Thanksgiving Day Entertainment    An Enjoyable Affair    Those who had the pleasure of listening to the splendid concert given by the E. S. P. Band on Thanksgiving Day would probably be surprised if told that the membership of that musical body was practically made up almost wholly of novices, not a few of whom, had scarcely three months experience with the instruments which they were playing. Nevertheless it is a fact, for the Band suffered the loss of a considerable number of its oldest players through the operation of the parole law, and the present organization is largely made up by recruiting from the auxiliary Band.    They gave a magnificent concert. In the first place the program as arranged by Prof. Wiegandt was one designed to appeal to the tastes of the men, and in the second, the rendition was equally as good as one might expect from professional musicians. Certainly, Sousa’s spirited “Thunderer” was never rendered with more thrilling effect than that displayed by our own men. The selections from the beautiful opera of ‘Martha,’ as well as those from the “Mikado,” also call for the utmost commendation. The cornet solo, ‘Friendly Rivals,” gave Prof. Wiegandt and B 5163 a splendid opportunity to bring out the beauties of this instrument when in the hands of skilled performers. Master and pupil both excelled. When the amount of pleasure to be derived from one of these Band concerts is realized, it is to be regretted, that we cannot have them more frequently. 


