---
title: FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 38
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS    FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks: 25 cents each or will close out entire stock of 100 for $14.00 B 3925, Sixth Block.    FOR SALE—Beautiful inlaid boxes with pearl decorations; all sizes, for all purposes. Will sell to inmates at $1.00 to $8.00, according to size. B 5649, Seventh Block.    FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies, all sizes and colors. Will make shawls of any color upon order of same. All orders will be filled promptly up to December 20. Send Your orders in now, also mention color, if you prefer any special color. Yeap, B 6031, Sixth Gallery.    FOR SALE—Cards, all hand work, with fancy designs, birds, flowers etc., also Christmas and New Years Cards, with your name and address penned on same. Price 50 cents per dozen. Jingles, Eighth Block.    FOR SALE—Shults’ vest pocket Higher Mathematics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block.    FOR SALE—Handsomely designed tidies and shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery    FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth Block.    FOR SALE—Handsome tidies, shawls, bedspreads, centerpieces, paintings on linen. All done by hand. Prices range from $1.50 upward. B 5323, Ninth Block.    FOR SALE—Ball tidies, shawls and scarfs. Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth Block. aN FOR SALE—Inlaid frames, different sizes: jewel boxes, walking canes, etc. Will sell to inmates reasonable. B 4765, 12th. Block.    FOR SALE—A beautiful Xmas gift for Mother The Lord’s Prayer, done in black and_ gold, with handsome scroll border, and framed in either mission or gilt moulding. Prices from $1.50 to $10. according to size. Jingles, Eighth block. (Always on the job)    FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, button-hooks, butter knives, also will repair Phonographs. Locks and keys for sale. Prices reasonable B 5826, Ninth Block : MUSIC Edited f arranged, composed, transposed and copied for all instruments, combination of instruments or voice. Song poems set to music; work done neatly and at moderate charge. B 5647, 7th. Block.


