---
title: Price of a Man’s Honor
author: Unknown
issue: 10
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 39
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PRICE OF A MAN’S HONOR. A young bank clerk arrested on the charge of a theft of stock certificates and brought to this city ascribes his downfall to his low salary. He declared that the clerks who, like himself received $75 a month did all the work, while the magnates of the executive administration sat in comfortable chairs and occasionally affixed their languid signatures to important papers. The clerks, he says, ‘“‘do not get enough to enable them to resist temptation.” It is a favorite theory of certain persons who are paid little for their work that they are justified in making up for the alleged deficiency in some other fashion—that their meager pay is a valid apology for stooping to dishonorable and immoral practices. To admit that the poor have a superior right to steal is to insult them with the cynic’s contemptuous assertion that each man has his price. The man of honor, poor or rich, is beyond the reach of the lure of gold His peace of mind and his good name that is the “immediate jewel”’ of his soul, are not in the market to the highest bidder. Most people live on modest means and live honestly; nor do they believe that because they have little they have the license to rob their affluent neighbors and fill their own pockets. The clerk in question had agreed to take $75 a month. Many a man gets less than that and enjoys the infinite riches of preserving his honor. 
