---
title: The Italian’s Defense: A Monologue
author: B-6171
issue: 10
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 39
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE ITALIANS DEFENSE A Monologue BY B6171 (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED ) Mistaire Judgea. You aska me, why I try for keela dees-a man. chance to speaka for mysel’ I tella you justa how ita was. ’Bouta five year ago, I livea ina da sunny It; I gotta da nicea home; gooda da wife anda nicea leetla da babe. One day when I outa ona my farm to work, isa da come one beega swell ’Merican man, whata you call da toorist. He stop for my house and aska for drink of water froma my wifea; she bring da water and he say tanka very mooch, and after dees, he comea da couple times when I out by my work, he pincha my wife cheek and tella her she ver-a nice woman. He tella her she fool for stay dees a small place and aworka hard all the time. He say if she go to ’Merica country wida heem, he buy da nicea clothes and furs and diamonds. My wife she beleeva all deem afoolish talk and runned away weed him. I stay for my place, be a gooda da fader to my leetla girl, but I swear some day I find deesa man and getta revenge. My leetla girl she all time cry “‘mama;” bimeby she getta sick and die. Deesa almost breaka my heart, I gotta nothing for to leeve but revenge. I sella da home and buya da tick for comea da beeg city New York, where I hear my wife go. I comea dees country, buya da hand organ and da monk, and go rounda every place looka for deesa man who steala my wife and broke my homea and my heart; because I losea my leedla girl, and I swear I gonna keel him. Last night when I walk long Broadway street I seea onea man comea out froma da swell, what you call eet, da cafe. He gotta da finea silka da hat, fur coat, nicea clothes, everyt’ing. Justa when he comea out, I see onea woman, clothes alla tore, just samea’s rags, face alla da white and pinch. I know her my wife. She dropped down ona knee fronta deesa man and beg wid him he send her backa homea to sunny It. He raisa hees walking stick and make for to strike her. Deesa make my blood boil. I reach back for my stillet, and try for to keel heem, but da police comea just ina time, and grabba my wrist and locka me up; he breenga me here to you. Now, Mistaire Judge, Boss, you hear me say, if you gotta da heart you letta me takea my wifea and go back to sunny It. Whatsa dees you say? Deescharge? Mistaire Judge, Boss, please tella me whata you meen by deesa onea word, deescharge? Whata you tella me I can takea my wifea ana be free; canna go back to my countree? Tank you judge, tank you. If you gimme
