---
title: Alcohol and Crime
author: Penitentiary Mirror
issue: 10
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 39
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ALCOHOL AND CRIME    Does alcohol produce propensity to kleptomania? In other words; is it possible for alcohol to make the desire to appropriate other people’s property irresistible? I emphatically declare that there can be no doubt that such a possibility exists, and to an alarming extent at that. Where can we find an adult human being today who can deny the fact that they know a man who, when not under the influence of alcohol is absolutely to be relied upon for honesty and square dealing, but that same man after taking a few drinks takes the first thing that he can lay his hands upon whether he has use for it or not. Is not such a man to be found in every community? Are not the jails, workhouses and penal institutions filled with many unfortunate men of this particular failing? There are thousands of men serving their second, third, fourth or fifth penal sentence today who should never have even served their first sentence. They are classed as habitual criminals. They are almost regarded as beyond recall and undeserving of good, but in the vast majority of cases the man leaves prison believing that there is no use to try and do better. Why not give these men the treatment that will do them the most good? Prisons do not reform them—then why send them to prison and deal out suffering and punishment to them for a crime for which they are not morally responsible? I believe that the suspended sentence can be made of more benefit to the men of this class than long terms in prison. A man knows that if he takes one single drink or even frequents the saloons that he will immediately be returned to prison. There is no probability about it, it is an absolute certainty, and he knows it, and he is not going to deliberately walk into prison under these conditions, but he is going to keep away from saloons and alcohol and do his utmost to rebuild his character. This man is easily separated from all other wrong doers. He always does his work faithfully and diligently. He can always be depended upon as long as he leaves drink alone. He never has trouble of any kind with anybody and every man who has employed him speaks well of him, except for his failing for strong drink. In prison he always does the best that he can and labors to obey the rules and keep out of trouble and he is very seldom reported for breach of discipline. I know a man who has spent neatly seven years in different prisons for theft committed while under stimulation of strong drink, who has had, in all this time, only two reports against him. Are not men of this kind worthy of encouragement and aid? Penitentiary Mirror 
