---
title: A Convict Road Camp: Honor Men Building Roads Divide Their Time Between Work— Play—Sleep 
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A CONVICT ROAD CAMP Honor Men Building Roads Divide Their Time Between Work— Play—Sleep ON the doorstep of a little gray house up in the hills of Northern New Jersey a man was sitting one day recently placidly soaking up all he could hold of the glorious Indian Summer sunshine. Two cats beside him and a pump in the little house behind him purred contentedly in unison. The man looked healthy, happy—and free. Not even a fence separated the grass plot in front of him from the highroad which swept past on its way to Newton. Yet there was just about as much probability of the pump behind him getting up and strolling off along that road as there was that the man himself would go. Aside from that spot there was only one place on earth where the law said he might be. was the penitentiary at Trenton. The man was a convict ; one of thirty prisoners with whom the State of New Jersey is conducting an interesting experiment. The little gray pump house is one of a group of seven buildings. In the grass plot in front of them isva neatly painted sign which reads : DEPT. OF PUBLIC ROADS, STATE OF NEW JERSEY 1st Division—Camp No. 1. That is all right for official purposes. But it failed to measure up to the men’s ideas of a name. So they nailed another board to the corner of the fence around an adjoining field, and on this board they painted, not quite so neatly, perhaps, but very clearly indeed, the inscription : DON’T WORRY CAMP. The house of the farmer who sold the land is within 100 yards of the camp buildings. Yet neither he nor any of the people living near has made a single complaint of their new neighbors. The camp is not even a blot on the landscape. The men themselves cut down a tall, straight tree, painted the pole, set it, and every day hoist a big flag which makes a gay note in the picture. At the top of the grassy slope is the office building where the three foremen from the Department of Public Roads have their quarters. Back of this are the “mess hall,” the bunk house, and several smaller buildings. The whole place is kept in apple-pie order, and one might pass it a hundred times without suspecting its real character. The flag is not the only thing in sight that wears stripes. The men’s garb is the regulation plain gray of the penitentiary; but in the daily life at the Don’t Worry Camp it undergoes many modifications. The man on the pump That. house doorstep, for instance, was in his shirt sleeves, and his prison cap was turned visor backward, so that he could get the full beat of the sunshine in his face. “Convict” was not written in the look of his clothes any more than it was written in his ruddy face and smiling eyes. And it was the same with the groups at work a quarter of a mile down the road. The chief difference between them and an ordinary contractor’s gang was that these men looked about ten times as clean as the others generally do. An observing person might have been struck by their evident preference for gray trousers. But aside from that peculiarity he would not have noticed anything unusual except their cleanliness. There are thirty prisoners, five guards, and three foremen at Don’t Worry Camp; and the life they lead there, judged by our present ideas on prison methods, is remarkable. The camp was started last June. One building, now used for the mess room and kitchen, was put up by workmen from a nearby town. An artesian well was drilled and a pump installed. With the exception of that beginning and of the steam fitting and plumbing, the men have done everything else. They have built a bunkhouse, 76 by 16 feet long with two wings, each 30 by 26 feet. They have built an office with two large rooms; also a pump house, a gasoline storage house, a repair shed, a shelter shed for the motor truck, a cement lined pit for the heating plant, besides innumerable smaller things, such cupboards, shelves, tables, and so on. They have painted three or four of the buildings, as well as a dozen big barricade signs for use in roadwork. They do every bit of labor about the camp, from cooking to running the great motor truck. Five men, including the two cooks are detailed for the regular camp work. The other fifteen work on the roads. They have an eight-hour day. By putting in extra time on certain days they make up the week’s total in five days and a half and get Saturday afternoon free. There are no cells. The men sleep in the long main room of the bunkhouse, their cots ranged in two rows. There is absolutely free communication among them. There are no rules about silence at meals or that sort of thing. The men, the guards, and the foremen all eat in the same room and have absolutely the same food. The men may talk together at the table just as freely as the guards and the foremen may. When work is done they may amuse themselves as they choose. Three well-worn baseball bats just inside the door bore silent testimony to many hours of good, wholesome recreation. A guitar and three other musical instruments hung from nails at the heads of as many cots. Well-thumbed packs of cards and a set of battered quoits were in evidence. To the average outsider the chief interest in (CONTINUED ON PAGE 4) A CONVICT ROAD CAMP (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1) this experiment is the’ fact’ that a wholesome life has been offered these thirty men in exchange for the regular prison regime. I tis true that they have guards. The five keepers occupy one of the wings of the bunkhouse. This house is built in the shape of a cross, with the two short arms in the middle. One arm is the guards’ quarters, the other contains the shower baths and toilet facilities. One guard is on duty in the center of the bunk: house at night. Of the other four, one remains at the camp during the day, and the other three go out with the road gangs. Naturally they are armed. But they do not wear their revolvers conspicuously, and as for the usual spectacle of a man with a shotgun, it is absolutely unknown around Don’t Worry Camp. 
