---
title: "Progressive Argentina: Interesting Lecture on the Country and its People"
author: B-6594
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PROGRESSIVE ARGENTINA    Interesting Lecture on the Country and its People.    REPORTED By B 6594,   THE first lecture of the Winter Course was given last Saturday afternoon, with stereopticon views, in the school room, by a Professor of the University of Pennsylvania.    The subject was progressiveness of “Argentina,” a country of South America, which is rapidly developing its resources in agricultural and manufacturing far in advance of its sister Republics in the South.    He prefaced his lecture by saying that by travel and observation, more knowledge can be acquired and is more effective when applied, than that gained from the leaves of books.    Argentina today is one of the most progressive countries of opportunities in South America. This vast territory is inhabited by about 7,000,000 people, most of them progressive and industrious.    Cotton, lumber, flax and linseed meal, are some of the chief exports. More linseed meal is shipped from Argentina than from any other country in the world. The views of the stock yards, of sheep and cattle, as well as the wide scope of plains with herds and flocks were very interesting. Tropical products from the northern part of the State, such as oranges, bananas, lemons, etc., are brought to Buenos Ayres by boats Grapes grow in abundance; most of which are made into wine.    The Plaza Hotel, with its magnificent dome, ball rooms and other accessories makes it the finest in the world. The Opera House is one of the largest and handsomest in architectural features; and fabulous in expenditure, and grandeur than any in the world. To gain admittance tickets must be engaged far in advance. The Jockey Club building, Spanish Bank, Cathedral at the head of one of the principal parks form one of the most picturesque scenes in the city. Aventajado Boulevard is noted as the most beautiful street in the world—wide, with tall modern buildings on each side makes it far preferable to the finest in Paris. This was brought about eight years ago by the President ordering the city to buy the small houses and make a street superior to any in the world, and now there are miles of this beautiful Boulevard.    At the top of the Andes, marking the boundary line between Argentina and Chile, which had been in dispute between the two countries for many years, is located a magnificent monument composed of the metal taken from the guns of the two great Republics, and erected jointly by them to commemorate the peaceful settlement of a discussion which had many times threatened their peace and prosperity.




