---
title: Six Prison Papers
author: Ohio Penitentiary News
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SIX PRISON PAPERS    In the penitentiaries of six states are published periodicals that are of great value in their fight for the underdog. Prisoners do not ask for maudlin sympathy or sentiment of the sloppy variety, and there is no class of people on earth who turn on that sort of rot quicker than a convict. Most of us realize that society must have some method of dealing with and controlling its refractory brother, some place to keep him in bound —hence jails and penitentiaries. In the past, vindictive punishment and inhuman treatment has been meted out regardless of future effects in retaliation upon society. This was all wrong, and no one knew it better than the victim. It is for the purpose of changing or correcting this erroneous method that prison papers are published, and in consequence thereof many changes have been and are being made that may be credited to the efforts of such periodicals as LEND A HAND, of Orgon; Reflector, of North Dakota; MONITOR, of Texas; Mirror, of Minn.: News, of Ohio; Goop Worps, of Georgia. All of these periodicals are continually setting forth in a new light, conditions as they were in old days, as they are today, and as should and will exist, in the future. There are other prison papers published besides those mentioned above, but many are given over to storytelling or Sunday school work, which, while laudable in a way, is not productive of much good, as the public is taught nothing of real prison life. Lend A Hand would like to see all prison papers direct their efforts toward prison affairs, and no doubt they would do so if censorship were removed to a reasonable degree, thereby making their publication really one for and by the prisoners in place of officials —LEND A Hand Reprinted from the Ohio Penitentiary News.




