---
title: Contentment
author: B-6594
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
MORAL ESSAYS CONTENTMENT.By 6594 It seems true that the fountain of contentment must spring up in our minds: and if we have so little knowledge of human nature as to seek contentment by changing anything but our own disposition we will waste our life in fruitless efforts, and multiply griefs which we purpose to remove. The chief secret of a comforting, contented spirit lies in not suffering trifles to vex us and in prudently cultivating our undergrowth of small pleasures. We make ourselves wretched by not cultivating cheerfulness and taking things as they come, looking on the bright side, trusting God as we go on our way. You have noticed that contentment and happiness is not always found in palaces, fancy cottages and homes, in riches nor in poverty, in learning nor in ignorance, nor in any sphere of life but only in doing right motives and doing one’s whole duty toward God and man. There is nothing more natural than for everyone to try to be content, and nothing is more substantial and satisfactory but supreme good. The deeper we go and the larger we drink the better contented we are and, and thus we can attain the summit and perfection of this possession and then only are able to learn and say “for I have learned in whatsoever state lam therewith to be content.” The reason that so many of us are not content with our state and condition with such things that we have or confront us is that we have not learned that “Godliness with contentment is great gain.” It isa pearl of great price and if we procure it at the expense of ten thousand desires, it makes a wise purchase. In my own life, how often have I thought, to gain this grace was like a beautiful butterfly, which when pursued, was always just beyond my grasp, but when, if I sat still and quiet it came and alighted on me. When you are discontented try it and look on the bright side of everything and you will soon acquire this “pearl of great price.” Remember for every bad there might be a worse, and if you break your leg be thankful that it was not your neck. This is the true spirit of cheerfulness and submission— one of the most beautiful traits that can possess a human heart. Resolve to see the world on the sunny side. and you will almost have won the battle of life. It is not a matter of great talent, not entirely a matter of great energy; but rather of earnestness and honesty, and of that quiet, constant energy, which is like a soft rain gently penetrating the soil. Therefore, it is rather a grace than a gift. Contentment will help us to go through the world much easier, cheerfully and pleasantly then when we have a frown upon our brow and a morose feeling in our heart as though the east wind was always blowing, which will always make us discontented and disagreeable to ourselves and others. The contented mind has a continual feast and brings the chief end of man—which is happiness. We know there are very few of us happy and real contented—that is, we are not contented to-day, but expect a full measure of tomorrow. Tomorrow is a great way off. We look for it and must have it to enjoy life. We all can have it if we will. Throw care and fretting to the winds. Plant good seed, reap a good crop. Be kind to all. Follow the Golden Rule. If you do you will have very little trouble. Most of it is imaginary anyway, so let us look on our success, not failures. 
