---
title: Pittsburgh Vice Report: Recommends That Criminals and Degenerates Be Sterilized
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PITTSBURG [sic] VICE REPORT    Recommends That Criminals and Degenerates Should Be Sterilized    Many and various have been the commissions and committees, self-appointed, and otherwise that have been investigating the social evil for many years, but probably the best report that has ever been submitted in this connection is that of the Morals and Efficiency Commission, of Pittsburg, just made public.    This commission has been delving into causes of crime among men and women for the past two years, and the result of their investigations has led to opinions that may be summed up in a short sentence: “Ultimate elimination by gradual restriction.” It finds that elimination is not impossible if the commercial profit can be taken out of vice, but segregation is not possible, it claims.    The toll of human life and treasure exacted by commercial vice is simply appalling. The remedies suggested for the evil include better housing, better wages for men and women, and consequently better home influences; more activity on the part of the churches, and education of parents and children alike in the sex problems. Continuing the report says :    “The practices of vice should be rigorously punished, but that itself is an educational policy. It is certain, however, that every step to better housing and cheaper living is a step in the direction of healthier morals. Good wages and low rents encourage earlier marriage. Family life and home joys are the preventives of illicit passion and roving pleasure.   We should have educational movements to inculcate a saner philosophy of life. Not, indeed, the sort of education which, by prolonging the period of a young men’s dependency to nearly the thirtieth year, causing marriage to be deferred, but the sort of education that makes young men self-supporting in honest industries, makes them producers instead of parasites; teaches young women the neglected domestic vocations and the forgotten virtue of economy; teaches them that true happiness is in the simple life and the love of home. Church, and school, and press—the three great educational agencies of our time—have all neglected their duty in this regard.    Some of the recommendations are:    “Legislation providing a minimum wage for women and minors, together with obligatory moral and hygienic protective measures to be used by extensive employers of female labor.    “Confirmed criminals and degenerates should be sterilized. 
