---
title: Things Talked About
author: Mitch
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THINGS TALKED ABOUT The State Board of Pardons will act on an unusually large number of cases today in order to dispose of the annual Christmas rush. Not satisfied with “votes for women,” they are now organizing and crying “votes for children.” Wouldn’t be at all surprised to hear them shout “Votes for Prisoners.” Up in Reading, C. E. Parkes, a traveling man was kept in jail for two months and 11 days awaiting trial because of a $1 hotel bill. Oh, you Reading! Miss Olive May Wilson, a 17 year old girl from Jenkintown, will play Miss Santa Claus to 5000 children of this city including 53 of the children of men now in this place, who are deprived of giving this pleasure for themselves. Railroad men say that while at this time last year there was a general congestion of freight, today there are idle cars everywhere. Eastern railroads continue to lay off men, while in Chicago and Cincinnati, the number of idle is growing so large, the city authorities have taken the matter in hand with a view to furnishing work and relieving the situation. Jobs are scarce and not so easy to be gotten, so once more we caution patience, and a good appetite. The Rev. Zed Hetzel Copp, (significant name) drew a large crowd of unemployed men to the Cohocksink Baptist Church, one night last week, through an advertisement stating that he would tell his congregation how to secure work. He told them to start at City Hall and go eastward on Market street, and stop in every store and ask for employment. “You will obtain employment before you go a few squares,” he said. It is every way evident that the Rev. Copp has never tried the experiment, or he would not have spoken so recklessly. The scheme might work once in a while in almost any other section in Philadelphia, but never in the territory he prescribed. Little Mary, loaded down with gifts of every description left for her new home up State last Monday. On Saturday she called on her different friends including the Umpire to say goodbye. The officers and men all played Santa Claus for her with the result that she carried with her many presents of money, clothings, toys, dolls, etc., and not the least important, a handsome coach. —The whipping of convicts in Delaware has such a splendid deterrent effect, that City of Wilmington has increased its police force. To signalize this event, a vicious burglar, or yeggman, visited the home of a recently created policemen, during his absence, and carried away, fifteen pullets out of a collection of eighteen. Papers don’t state when the whipping will take place. On December 9, Governor Tener was unanimously elected president of the National Baseball League for a term of four years, at a salary in excess of $10.000 per year. Just as soon as the Republicans make up their minds to permit Col. Roosevelt have his way for eight years, and they are then in a position to resume control of the Nation, there is no great reason why the Governor should not be able to continue the honor of the title, and make his headquarters in Washington. If that should happen, I shall come forward and claim the Ambassadorship to Russia as the “original Tener man,” and if it doesn’t, why no one will ever know. The moral, as Jingles would say, is, “never lose your opportunities.” —Mitch. 
