---
title: Warden Pleads for Prisoners
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WARDEN PLEADS FOR PRISONERS    The Warden entertained the Jovian Electrical League during a luncheon at the Bingham Hotel last week, with his experiences of many years as a police officer and later, as a prison warden.    He said if the average criminal was better understood there would be a reversal of opinion in his favor, and greater inclination to give him a chance. “I am not a bit sentimental,” he said. “I never was. In all my years of police experience my aim was to run down criminals and bring them to justice. That is right and necessary, but having once punished a man for his crime, why blast his whole career for it? Why not give him a fighting chance to reform and make good?”   He told of instances where convicts had donated their savings to help distressed families of other convicts. He condemned the attitude of some ministers who visit the prison and in talking to convicts assume such an air of superiority that the prisoners resent it. He said this attitude made convicts more bitter against mankind, instead of softening them.    Work, said the Warden, was the best preventive of crime, and if all men were taught trades and trained in industry from childhood it would cut down crime 50 per cent.    In conclusion he pleaded for charity and kindness in considering the unfortunate men who have gone so far wrong, and give them another chance. 




