---
title: Umpire Ads Do the Business
author: B-6591
issue: 17
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 40
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
“UMPIRE” ADS DO THE BUSINESS    Editor Umpire:—Please stop my ad in your paper, as I sold out my whole stock of inlaid boxes two days after the notice appeared. B 5649    SEND us the New Year’s resolutions you contemplate making, and we will print them in the Umpire, that you may keep in them mind.    Do your Christmas Shopping Early and Often.    FOR SALE—Xmas Post Cards in oils, watercolors and tinsel. Also paintings and crayons of beautiful subjects to order. B 5384 Fourth Block.    FOR SALE—Christmas and New Year Cards, last call. Men who want cards should send for Jingles, 8th Block, at once.    FOR SALE—Shults’ vest pocket Higher Mathematics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block.    FOR SALE—Handsomely designed tidies and shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery    FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth Block.    FOR SALE—Handsome tidies, shawls, bedspreads, centerpieces, paintings on linen. All done by hand. Prices range from $1.50 upward. B 5323, Ninth Block.    FOR SALE—Ball tidies, shawls and scarfs. Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth Block.    FOR SALE—Inlaid frames, different sizes: jewel boxes, walking canes, etc. Will sell to inmates reasonable. B 4765, 12th. Block.    FOR SALE—A beautiful Xmas gift for Mother The Lord’s Prayer, done in black and gold, with handsome scroll border, and framed in either mission or gilt moulding. Prices from $1.50 to $10. according to size. Jingles, Eighth block. (Always on the job)    FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, button-hooks, butter knives, also will repair Phonographs. Locks and keys for sale. Prices reasonable B 5826, Ninth Block    FOR SALE Carpenter chest of tools, complete. B 5295, Sixth Gallery.    FOR SALE—Canary birds, sweet singing male birds excellent female breeders, from $1.50 up. B 5532, Seventh Gallery.    FOR SALE—Ships in glass cases, $3 each; combination sand windmill $2.50; unsinkable, self steering sailboats from 25c. to $2.50; acrobats that jump, 25c. each. Xmas houses; the Nativity $2.50 to $3.50. B 3847 12th Block. FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes of every description; Glove jewel, handkerchief etc., from $2.50 to $5. All work with piano finish. B 3133, Seven Block.    MISCELLANEOUS    SHORTHAND—If you have a common school education, and will study, I will teach you the rudiments of the Pitman system in six weeks for $5. After that it will be up to you to be a real Stenographer. B 6591, Seventh Gallery.    MUSIC Edited, arranged, composed, transposed and copied for all instruments, combination of instruments or voice. Song poems set to music; work done neatly and at moderate charge. B 5467, 7th. Block.    PORTRAITS copied and done in watercolors. Also cards for Xmas, New Year Birthdays, etc. Also fancy colored sketches all worth framing. Reasonable to inmates. B 5163 7th Block. 


