---
title: And A King Is Born: The Child of Bethlehem
author: Mitch
issue: 24
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 41
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
“AND A KING IS BORN” The Child of BethlehemNINETEEN hundred and thirteen years ago there was born of Mary in a lowly stable in the city of Bethlehem, a Man Child. And as its feeble wail burst upon the air it was breathing for the first time, we are told the stars in the firmament became motionless, and the heavens became illuminated, so that it was as bright as noonday upon the earth. And with the first feeble wail from the tiny child, there came a revolution of mankind. From the moment it was proclaimed, “A King is born,” a proclamation that sent Herod, and his soldiers on an errand of butchery of infants throughout the kingdom, down through the long centuries to the present time, the life that came into being on that wintry night has wrought its influence on mankind everywhere—and ever will. It is for the birth of that Child we sing today, and will forever sing. He came into the world to teach a new doctrine, a new faith, a hope of life everlasting, a revelation of man’s duty to man, and to his God. And through the teaching of this faith He gave up His life that we should be benefitted by His death. And so He passed away. But the lessons that He taught; the example of His life, the words He spoke, have come down through countless vicissitudes; through fire and flood, and war. Through outpourings of blood and treasure, when men yielded up everything they held most dear on this earth, and when that was gone, gave up their one last supreme possession—their life; ail-that the Divine Word He spoke should be disseminated to the uttermost parts of the Earth. And so He passed away, but He is born again and will continue to be born in the hearts of men. And as He is so born in their hearts, then at each birth there arises to Heaven a song; a glad song, a song of peace, of joy, of good will toward men. The birth of this Child was the most revolutionary event in the history of the world. From the moment the three Magi following the direction of the star fixed in the heavens over the stable in Bethlehem and beheld the Child of their vision, the changes began; and these changes are constantly taking place in the hearts of men, and through their hearts into their deeds, influencing conditions, and making everything and everybody better for this birth. That civilization has about attained its highest pinnacle is due to the spread of the Word of this Child of Bethlehem. The vast differences between the peoples of this earth at the present time, and those who lived before His coming we owe to this Child: this Prince of Peace. That we are better fed, better clothed, better housed, better informed and enjoy the faith of an everlasting life, is entirely due to the advent of this miraculous Child—this Son of God—this one greatest gift, of all Divine gifts} from an all-wise Creator. It is the joy of this great gift which inspires the feeling to have all partake of it with us. The feeling of good fellowship which overwhelms us at this season is inherent, natural, and cannot be set aside by reason of stress of circumstance. It is a day of great joy and feasting, but in the midst of it there should also be a feeling of deep appreciation. For everything we possess of material or intellect, and of the sweetest of all emotions, the power to love; all we have and enjoy, is because of that feeble wail, of that little child in the lowly stable, in the city of Bethlehem. 
