---
title: The Bertillon System
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 41
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE BERTILLON SYSTEM.    FOR MORE THAN twenty years the world has bowed in deference to the genius of M. Bertillon, and his wonderful system of identification through minute measurements of the human frame, and of the marks and scars upon the body. This country heard of this remarkable system, for over five years, before it became interested in the great possibilities it offered for the identification of criminals. Police and prison officials were sent abroad to study the manner of its use, and Major McClaughrey, of the Joliet Prison, at that time, wrote a book fully illustrated, which was used as a text book for the students of criminal identification in the United States.   It was prophesied that the days of the criminal were over; for he could never evade the officers of the law while his Bertillon measurements were on file in every police centre in the country. Central office men felt that they might lose their jobs, through lack of crime to be detected, and Society smiled complacently, and said “at last.” But with all of its claims to effectiveness, and well-nigh infallibility, it is doubted if a criminal was ever caught through his Bertillon measurements, or that they were of the slightest value to the police after he had been caught. And for the very simple reason that you must first catch your man before he can be measured. After he is under lock and key, it doesn’t make any difference if his r. ear is 7.5 or 5.7; or if his nose is rec cay. or vex; or if he has a rec. cic. at r. ant. frm. 6 above bd. of wrist; or not; you have got him. He may be identified as a man who has been arrested before and served his time, but that is not an indictable offense. Its most formidable use then is to make the case against the accused as black as possible, and that we regret to say, is what it is the most extensively used for today. Fortunately, the police cannot pick men off the street indiscriminately and lug them off to a Bertillon room to be measured. And unfortunately for the officers of the law, a criminal does not leave his measurements at the scene of his crime for their benefit, so as it was said before, the Bertillon system loses all value as a means of detecting criminals for the very reason, that you have got to catch him first, and having caught him, it doesn’t make any difference what his measurements are.    Possibly M. Bertillon was aware of this weakness of his system, when he cribbed the idea of fingerprints from the Chinese, who used it two thousand years ago, and added it to his own plan. Fingerprints as a means of identification are as near infallible as anything possibly can be. The Chinese and Japanese are very thorough in all they undertake, and it is very difficult to improve upon their methods. M. Bertillon thought differently. He devised a system of indexing these prints, so that any special finger mark could be referred to in an instant. He has a similar system of indexing in connection with his measurement plan, and it is so complicated in its requirements, that if a single error is made in the filing of a card, that card is almost as hopelessly lost as a needle in a haystack.    About two years ago Vinci’s priceless painting known as the “Mona Lisa” was stolen from the Louvre in Paris. The most famous detectives in the world kept up a hopeless search for the famous painting, and the man who stole it, While we have said a criminal does not usually leave a copy of his Bertillon measurements behind him to aid the officers, yet in this case the thief left dozens of imprints of his fingers on the glass covering the picture, which he removed so as to permit of his cutting it from the frame. M. Bertillon and his assistants pondered over these prints, and could not “match” them with any in their collection of 750,000.    The other day, the thief surrendered the picture and his person, and then it was discovered that upon two different occasions he had submitted to the recording of his finger marks, and they were in the files of the Department at the time of the depredation, but never located.    M. Bertillon attributes the failure of his system in this case to the fact that only the imprint of the right thumb is used for classification or indexing purposes, and the wretch who stole the “Mona Lisa” left the imprint of every other finger he possessed, except that right thumb.    This was a piece of gross carelessness on his part, entitling M. Bertillon to the cordial sympathy of all good people, who must deprecate the vicious character of the thief as evidenced by his failure to meet up with the requirements of the famous system. Our own dear P. T. Barnum was the veriest tyro in comparison with Lombroso, Bertillon, and kindred scientists. 
