---
title: The Yule-Tide Philosopher
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 41
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE YULE-TIDE PHILOSOPHER They say nobody loves a fat man, but ez for me Santa Claus allers looks pretty gocd, spite o’ thet equator o’ his’n. It’s one o’ the wise pervisions o’ Nature, my son, thet they hain’t never yet been a stockin’ so small it wouldn’t hold a nice fat Christmas check, pervided some one had a mind to put one into it. When a feller’s goin’ through this life with a grouch on everythin’ in sight his Christmas absence is a derned sight more desirable then his Christmas presence. When I see’a gal with rosy cheeks and smilin’ lips and a sort of a wink in her eye standin’ under a sprig o’ mistletoe, it beats me how anybody can say he don’t believe in Christmas. I don’t believe in a man’s ever deceivin’ his wife, but I guess we'll hafter fergive the feller thet pretends to be supprized with the knit gloves she’s been makin’ fer his Christmas all fall, when he’s known all along whut she was goin’ to give him. The feller thet sets out to destroy a child’s belicf in Santa Claus had oughter be dern sure beforehand thet he’s goin’ to be able to step in and take the old boy’s place hisself Santa Claus is a pretty human sort of a feller, but all the same he’s the only feller I ever heerd on thet didn’t care to be seen givin’ things away. The toughest luck I ever had in my life, Jedediah, was some years ago when I seed the prettiest girl in town standin’ under a sprig o’ mistletoe and me with a cracked lip. — Selected. DON’T FORGET to send your New Year resolutions to the Umpire office before next Monday. Be sure to attach your number. 
