---
title: A Christmas Message To the Inmates of this Institution
author: Lyon, F. Emory
issue: 24
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 41
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A CHRISTMAS MESSAGE    To the Inmates of this Institution    Christmas is the giving time, a preparation for the living time of next year. More and more the principle of giving instead of getting is seen to be the object of life. The largest happiness will be attained only when every Institution is organized on that basis, and all people have that ideal.    Christmas is the time of peace on earth, when we are all children together, forgetting every animosity. It is for the reconciliation of our differences and the extension of our fellowship. To convince each inmate that he may have as much of a part in this spirit as he will, that this annual Christmas Message is sent to all prisoners. Some of you have heard a similar message from me before, but this one is the good news that times have changed.    The attitude of the public toward the prisoner is changing with the process of the suns, and with the progress of the sons’ of men, and with the wider adoption of the good old Golden Rule.    Ten years ago my first Yuletide greeting to prisoners was like a voice in the wilderness of prejudice and distrust. Today this expression of your highest hopes and possibilities is an echo of what one hears on every hand and reads in every magazine. It is the first time in the history of the world that the offender has had a chance to make good. Society seems ready to accept and practice the gospel of forgiveness.    Do not conclude, however, that society sanctions sin. Crime will always be horrible, and never heroic. Honor is bestowed, not because of wrongdoing, but in spite of it. Your judges are not blind to badness, but they see the goodness that is greater.    There is a new recognition of the fact that temptation is transient, while the higher aspiration abides. All men would have you know what you have but dimly guessed, that dissipation is destructive, while character is cumulative. Society as never before is confessing its responsibility for misfortune, for limited opportunity and for the handicap of the hindmost man. But this does not relieve the individual from doing his best.    As the friendly interpreter for the prisoners to the public, allow me to remind you once again that the door of opportunity is open as never open before. Now that the states are making better provision for parole, probation and honor systems, each may fairly rise or fall by his own efforts. Now that employers are generally willing to forget the past, and give released prisoners a place to prove their merits, none need resort to devious devices and dishonor. Better than ever, the Central Howard Association is prepared, by wider recognition and co-operation, to extend the friendly hand to the man who really wants to start right. The twelve thousand men who came to us, have taught us much. We know what a man can do if he will, in spite of misfortune, a broken record and fractured faith as an asset. The courage and persistence of effort shown by these men, has been our inspiration, and can be duplicated by you.    Our offer of help is made freely if you will accept it gladly. Write me of your hopes and of your needs. However little of promise the future may seem to have in store for you, be the best you know how to be now. Give kindness to your associates and serve well in the task assigned; for you are on a voyage of self-discovery.    F. Emory Lyon, Sup't.    Central Howard Ass'n.    1245 Monon Bid’g.    Chicago, Ill. D   ecember 24, 1913. 




