---
title: Brinkerhoff’s Selected vs. Band & Plasterers United
author: Unknown
issue: 16
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 5
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BRINKERHOFF’S SELECTED vs BAND & PLASTERERS UNITED    April 9    On account of defective drain pipes, the Ninth Block ground was in disorder, and the game was ordered to be postponed.   Consequently, the members of the above teams dispersed amongst the various games, and when the Warden ordered the game to proceed, the men could not be gotten together right away.   The First block were out to witness the game, and rather than disappoint them, our friend Mr. Brinkerhoff, jumped into the breach, and selected nine of his men to challenge the remnants of the Band and Plasterers combined, who had been rounded up.    If we were not limited to space, we would make some startling revelations, respecting the latent talent inside these walls, Suffice it to say, that the Band plus Plasterers met with a decisive defeat, chiefly through the untiring energy which Mr. Brinkerhoff displayed, in urging his men on to victory.   As briefly as possible, we give an account of the game as follows :—   Many familiar faces were seen on the grounds, including Louis, erstwhile pitcher for the Cubs, who played a good and cautious game; the well-known Beef Trust made a bold bid for victory, but was overhauled; Mose walked, stole second and third and went home on Harry's error; he also caught two men very cleverly at short stop; the Cook and Climat both got to third, but faded, Chick hit a three bagger, but could not quite make it, Whitey singled, stole second and third, and in a tremendous dash for home, succeeded amid terrific applause, Skinny got a base on balls, and got home on an error.   Shipwreck was in the game, and enjoyed every minute, even if he did swat the air, Chippy singled, stole second and third, and hit the dust with vengeance, and scored with a dash, And now we come to the surprise package of the whole game. Firstly, we want to know who it was that said, “Old Folks can’t come back”? Why Dad gave an exhibition today, that puts that assertion in the shade entirely; replacing the Cook in left field, who retired, he soon was presented with four wide ones, and stole fetched in another run, second and third cleverly, in spite of! The work of Freddie, the Cub mask Josh’s gaff. Then on Whitey’s line man, was wonderful, when we consider drive, he (Dad) like a flash of greased that he has never had any practice in lightning hot-footed home and received /that position; his regular place being in the hearty congratulations which he merited, Incidentally we mention that if a certain part of his anatomy had been made of glass when he stole second, it surely would have been broken.   Look these dark horses well over managers, when you are in need of players! And you will profit by it.   Eddy umpired the game in a most pleasant, humorous and efficient manner, and proved that he can be kind if treated properly.    As the clock struck the hour of retiring the score stood 9--3 in favor of Brinkerhoff’s dusky warriors. 

