---
title: Convict Road Builders: Their Employment Urged for Improvement of American Highways
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 42
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CONVICT ROAD BUILDERS    Their Employment Urged for Improvement of American Highways    THE employment of convict labor in building highways and a system whereby the convicts shall the money they earn, so that their families may not suffer for need of the necessities of life , was warmly advocated by State officials from several Southern States at the session of the American Road Builders’ tenth annual convention in the First Regiment Armory, last week.    The system of arrangement, as outlined by Joseph Hyde Pratt, State Geologist of North Carolina, does not include the lease system, but a more humanitarian idea. Mr. Pratt had statistics taken from actual work done by convicts on which to base his plea for a reorganization receive a certain amount of convict labor.    Mr. Pratt’s idea was to divide convict labor on roads into three classes. The first group of men he has styled honor men. These men are to be allowed to work without the stripes, from which the convict shrinks but in place a neat in conspicuous uniform. This group of individuals are subdivided into three divisions. The first division is to receive 50 per cent. of what they earn, their wages being based on the rate of wages paid for labor by the State. This money will be accumulated, being placed to the credit of. the convict or sent to aid his family. The other two divisions are to receive smaller amounts of the day’s wages.    The second group of men are to work without stripes, but inconspicuous uniforms, and with guards watching over them. Because it costs the State to pay these guards, the pay this class of convicts will receive, will be less than the first group of “honor” men, but the average has been placed at about 30 per cent. of the day’s wages.    The third group of convicts will work in stripes, with ball and chain attached. These men are to receive no remuneration for what they do and will not benefit by any commutation of time on their sentence, such as it is proposed for the first two groups to receive.    It is such a system that Mr. Pratt offered for the consideration of the convention. He spoke at length on his actual contact with convict labor in North Carolina, where he has had the supervision of 2,000 prisoners in building up the roads of his State, blazing a way for other States to follow.    Mr. Pratt believes in treating the convict as a human being and not as a chattel, and he has many ideas that coincide with those of Warden McKenty in relation to the amount of trust that should be placed in convicts. He quoted figures to show that only in rare instances have “trusted” convicts betrayed the confidence imposed in them.    As an evidence of how the North is beginning to take up with the Southern idea of using convict labor. he pointed to New York and New Jersey, which are now utilizing convict labor on State farms. 
