---
title: Rules of the State Board of Pardons
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 42
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
RULES OF THE STATE BOARD OF PARDONS    We have received so many inquiries relative to the rules of the State Board of Pardons, that we print them herewith for the benefit of all. As they are quite lengthy, we have divided them into two parts, the second instalment of which will be printed next week.    RULES    First.—The Board will meet in open session to hear applications on the Third Wednesday of each month, except July and August, at ten o'clock, A. M., in the Supreme Court room at Harrisburg.    Second.—The petition of the applicant may be made personally or by any resident of this Commonwealth on his or her behalf; shall be in writing, and contain in concise terms the following information:    Section 1. The crime, conviction and sentence.    Section 2. Age, trade or profession. and family status of the applicant.    Section 3. Whether applicant was ever convicted of any crime, and if so, its nature and the time and place of sentence and its expiation.    Section 4. Whether the applicant has even applied for any relief from the sentence in question, when, and what disposition was made thereof.    Section 5. The grounds or reasons for clemency.    Third—The petition shall be filed with the Clerk at least two weeks before the day for presentation and hearing named in the advertisement and shall be open for inspection, perusal, and copying by any citizen.    Fourth—Notice of the application must be given to the judge who tried the case, to the district attorney, or attorney who prosecuted, and to the warden, sheriff or chief jailer where the applicant was confined, stating when the application will be presented,, and the grounds or reasons upon which the application is based, and no grounds other than those contained in such notice will be entertained by the Board. Proof must be made that such notice and copy of reasons were served upon the judge, district attorney, or attorney, who prosecuted, and prison official as aforesaid, at least five days before the day of hearing.    Fifth.—Notice of application for pardon of persons convicted of crimes committed in any city of this Commonwealth must also be given to the mayor and head of police department of such city respectively, and proof of the service of such notice at least five days before the hearing be filed in each case.    Sixth.—The following papers, all plainly endorsed, must accompany every application for pardon: Section 1. A certified copy of the en- the second including docket entries, minutes of the court copy of indictments, pleas and all other papers on file in court relating to the case.    Section 2. The notes of evidence taken on the trial. If no notes of testimony were taken that fact should be stated in writing to the Board and a summary of the testimony be filed.    Section 3. Letters from responsible persons in the community where the crime was committed, and affidavits of material information when necessary.    Section 4. A short, concise statement of the reasons sustaining the application, the facts in the form of a history of the case, and a schedule of papers, will be required with every application for the Record. Five copies of a Brief containing copies of the application, the history of the case, the reasons, and the schedule of papers and documents must also be filed, so that each member of the Board and the Clerk may have a copy during the argument and consideration of the case.    (TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK) 


