---
title: New Years Entertainment
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 42
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NEW YEARS ENTERTAINMENT.    An old gentleman by the name of Pandemonium will take charge of this institution to-night at twelve o’clock, and for a while at least will be in supreme command and act as sponsor for the villainous noises always following in his wake.    Later, at seven o'clock, the Bakers will distribute samples of their fine art in the shape of magnificent “Dutch cakes,’ which notwithstanding their foreign name, are products indigenous to Philadelphia alone. By that time the Night Hawks will have gone home, and we will be permitted to catch up some of our lost rest until noon. Then at 2.30 P.M., “Little Joe” and his Orchestra will be in possession of the Center and discourse sweet music as outlined in the program printed below.    In the evening, the Band will take a turn under the leadership of B 5163, (Dave), in the absence of Prof. Wiegandt, who has other more important engagements. Both programs are well selected and if “music hath charms to soothe the savage breast,” then certainly, by nine o’clock to-morrow night, peace and quiet should reign in Cherry Hill.    ORCHESTRA PROGRAM    Center 2:30 P.M.    1 March Sousa    “King Cotton”    2 Overture J. Offenbach    “Orphee aux Enfers”    3 Waltz Dox Cruger    “Birds and Bloosoms”    4 Polka Cornet Solo J. O. Casey   “The Lily” B 5163    5 Idyll Thos. Allen    “Sleepy Hollow”    6 Medley Overture No. 13 Remick   “Bits of Remick’s Hits”   7 Serenade R. Drigo    “Les Millions D’Arlequin”    8 Overture A. Conradi   “Berlin in Smiles and Tears”    9 Meditation L. A. Drumheller    “Love and Deyotion”    10 Selection J. B: Lampe    “The Kiss Waltz”    11 Rag Ed. Mahony    “The Comet”    12 Waltz E. Waldtenfel    “Les Patineur’s”    13 Rag Thos. Allen    “The Sandy River”    14 Overture A. Maillart   “The Hermit’s Bell”    15 Final Louis Maurice    “The Great Divide” 

