---
title: Things Talked About
author: Mitch
issue: 31
volume: 12
year: 1913
month: 42
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
 THINGS TALKED ABOUT    Happy New Year !   The Warden and the Chaplain certainly had a “bully Christmas.”   The Christmas tree in the centre of the second block is a beauty; tall, symmetrical, and beautifully decorated.    My sympathies go out to the poor fellow who had lavishly decorated his room with tissue evergreens, wreaths, etc., and then accidentally set a match to them.   A harrowing incident of the day occurred when the Warden refused to permit little Jerry to go home to a dinner which was awaiting him only six squares away.    The institution’s mail, both incoming and outgoing, was the heaviest in years. The boys should feel mighty grateful for so many pleasant Season’s remembrances.   The closing of the saloons in Atlantic City on Sundays entailed a loss to the proprietors of a million dollars this year. That’s all right. The fellows who saved it are the one’s who can chuckle.   Eggs are so scarce they are being used in the mountainous sections of Arkansas as a medium of exchange, and accepted by merchants and moving picture men as cash. With “half-pound” as the unit of value, tobacco has been a recognized legal tender in this institution for some years.   The Christmas dinner was the biggest sort of success in every way. It also demonstrated the fact, that the cooks can put up a first-class meal if they want to, and now every one expects them to maintain the standard they fixed for themselves last week. Improperly cooked food is a criminal waste of good material.   George Washington Yeap, star baseball pitcher and all-around good fellow, who sometimes does a little printing on the side, will be fired out into the cold world next Sunday morning. George has acquired a thoroughness in everything he undertakes, which will be of great service to him in his future. He leaves a host of friends who wish him well.   The Umpire did all it could to facilitate the sale of novelties, etc., and was cheerfully assisted by most of the Overseers. It is to be regretted that any of them should have failed to enter into the spirit of the movement, and refused their aid. However, it was to be expected, for there never was a venture undertaken, big or little, but there was always someone to dash a little iced water on it.   To be awakened from a sound sleep at six o'clock on a dark wintry morning with the blare of four brass trumpets belching forth Christmas carols, is an experience not at all productive of angelic thoughts or language. Most of us feel more in the humor for “carolling” after a good dinner.    The full Band made amends for the early morning transgression, however, when it furnished a delightful concert in the afternoon.   A bounty of $2 is paid on weasel pelts in any county in this State. A Philadelphia man applied to the City Treasurer last week for this amount and before he got untangled from the mass of red tape the officials bound him in, he was in debt. He had to make two affidavits at 50 cents each; then appear before a Magistrate with a duly qualified elector to certify that he saw the Magistrate cut off the ears of the weasel and burn them; then hike back to the City Commissioners for a voucher, and then to the City Treasurer for his cash. No wonder “Philadelphia lawyer” is a byword for the world. —Mitch   




