---
title: Ninth Swamped: Plasterers Play all around the Ninth and Defeat them 9— 3 
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 6
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NINTH SWAMPED    Plasterers Play all around the Ninth and Defeat them 9— 3    The Ninth and Plasterers met for the first time this season, and the result was appalling. Yeap was in the box for the Ninth, and was hit freely; and with the aid of Timmy, Lefty, and Yeap himself, the Plasterers piled up nine runs. Rube and Augie also contributed a couple of runs, by losing a fly in the out-field. The Ninth hit Curley hard enough to win any ordinary game, but the breaks went all against them; the Plasterers having six or seven double plays.    Dave, at short, played a great game. and was invaluable to his team. He was also very valuable to the umpire, giving him instructions as to what was a foul ball, and what was a fair. But the umpires had nothing to do with the defeat of the Ninth. It was the Ninth themselves. We believe they were a little overconfident at the start, but it soon disappeared.    One of the features of the game, was the batting of Rube, he getting two home runs the first two times at the bat; but Chee Chaw had his fingers crossed, and the bags were empty. Toney, for the Plasterers, did the next best stick work; getting a home run and a three bagger, the latter would have been: a home run, too, but he stopped to argue with Timmy at second, and was held at third. The Barber was there with a three bagger, also a pretty one-handed pick-up off of Slick’s bat, which stopped a rally of the Ninth.    We notice that Fatty, Alec, and Harry, the catcher of the Plasterers, have not forgotten how to play disreputable ball. The final score was 9-3. 
