---
title: Sunday Services: The Lemon Hill Choir Accompanied by E.S.P. Orchestra
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 4
year: 1913
month: 6
day: 2
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Sunday Services   The Lemon Hill Choir Accompanied by E.S.P. Orchestra   April 20   An interesting song service, by the Lemon Hill Choir, accompanied by our Orchestra, was held on the Center, Sunday at 3 P.M.    The hymns, of which there were several, were well sung by the visiting choir, which was composed of a number of well-trained voices. The orchestra rendered several selections. Joe, the Orchestra leader, selected a very difficult classic, entitled Rubenstein’s “Melody in F”, for his solo, which he played very creditably.    The Pastor of The Lemon Hill Association, delivered a stirring address; our Chaplain also made a few remarks, which made a distinct impression.    The visiting Pastor, in the course of his sermon, thanked the Orchestra for their assistance, and invited them all to be present and participate in the opening services of the Lemon Hill Choir, at a near date. Of course, this remark caused some merriment, but the Pastor quickly faced the congregation, and used the following words:— ”I can safely state, as far as I personally believe, that if every member of this Orchestra were permitted to be let out to visit us at our meeting, they would all return here, of their own free will. Wouldn’t you boys?” All heads bowed assent.    “That’s the trouble” said our Chaplain, “some of them don’t stay out, when they are out.”   We extend our heartiest thanks to the Lemon Hill Choir, and hope they will soon be with us again.    hope they will soon be with us again.   
