---
title: 
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: March
day: 19
volume: 2
issue: 1
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_006.jpg
tags:
  - sports
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
The E. S. P. League for 1913 will be
opened on or about April 7th. ‘There
will be six clubs again in the field viz:
Plasterers, Stocking Shed, Ninth Block,
Cubs, Library and Band.

New material has been injected into
all the clubs; also the unusual spring
crop of managers, star pitchers, catch-
ers, etc. By unanimous consent of the
League managers, (that is Dave the Plas-
terer suggested and Timmy of the Ninth
agreed ), our old friend Doc, in the En-
gine Room, was again elected president.

The League will be governed by the
same rules which were in effect at the
close of last season, that is to say; the
managers will comprise the Board, with
a president, who as we stated above was
unanimously chosen by the League man-
agers; and all disputes and other matters
connected with the League will be settled
by them. :

The Plasterers, with Dave at the
helm, looks to be the strongest team on
paper. The Ninth, with Timmy as
temporary manager, has collected as
many of the 1911 team as possible,
(which a great many will admit, were
some team ), for their 1918 team, and in
the main have succeeded. The next
most formidable team from our point of
view, is the Library, with the Poet in
charge. He hasassembled a bunch that
will give any team trouble.
of the Clerks from the Writers Room,

Jimmy, one |

has, (in devious ways known only to |

himself), secured a team that will test

the supremacy of the Ninth Block club, |
yea, even unto the Plasterers will this
young giant, (pardon, I mean Cub), |

question theright to first position. An-
other young man of studious pursuits
has been inveigled into the coming battle,

clubs.
BAND
Manager 5163
4209 5261 . 'HBOL - BISLY S57521
5754 583 6034 6283 6460 |
6086 6436 6461 6462
CUBS
Manager to be selected
4984 4264 5336 6124 6130
6280 6353 6442 6445 6202
6388
LIBRARY
Manager 6182
2042 5215 5552 5669 5771
5908 6981 6165 6178 6331
6344 6492
NINTH BLOCK
Manager to be selected
2222 2331 3041 3342 3619
4997 5627 5807 5904 6031
6193 6420
PLASTERERS
Manager 3034
1393 4258 4664 4770 4998
5192 5456 5591 5614 5804
6003 6114 6161 6275 6293
6424
STOCKING SHED
Manager 6087
5101 5293 5653 5725 5805 |
5962 6076 6126 6191 6381
16438 6440 6443 6458
Season tickets for our games, can
'be obtained at the City Hall. Apply to

and will endeavor to make a showing |
with his trusty braves; we refer to Fin- |

gers, clerk on the Fifth Block, who will
be at the head of the Stocking Shed, as-
sisted by Duckie, a last season scout for

the Ninth Block. Last, but not least,
we have the Band, an unknown quantity.
What the Music Master has in store for
the other five teams, he alone can tell.
Dave who plays the cornet is at the head
of this gallant band, and if they can play
ball as well as they can music, well all
that we have to say is—As we were about
to say, ‘“That is all problematical.”’
The first may be last and the last may
be first, there is no telling; but to para-
phrase ome of the popular songs:
“There’s a Fellow from Missouri who
wants to be shown.”” Below are some

of the players signed by their respective |

Judges of Quarter Session Court.

If there are any men in the Institution,

‘who know how to keep correctly an offi- |

cial score card, will gain the everlasting
gratitude of the editor, by communicat-
ing with this paper at once. e

' ball used in a league game,
‘covered with white tape.

‘ pointed.

We are going to try and follow the
Big League as closely as possible in keep-
ing the batting and fielding averages of
the players. Every hit, error, stolen
base, and etc. will be closely followed by
competent score keepers.

We understand that the ‘‘Corsican
Brothers’’, Jimmy and Joe, have made °
application for umpires. Any club which
object to these men, will file their pro-
test at once. Kindly make way for the
Ninth Block truck so we can unload their
protest. |

In the future, tape will on sale at the
Store House. Through the kindness of

' the Warden, we will be able to purchase
| tape on our store orders.

The tape 1is
of best quality, and white in color.
Tt will cost 58 cents per pound. Every
must be

Yard Superintendent, Mr. Gillespie,
filed a protest with the Commission in
connection with the removal of the games
from the Coal Pile to the Stable ground.
The matter was refered to ‘‘Dave’’, of
the Plasterers, acting as a committee of
one; and he recommends to dismiss the
protest, thereby following out the orig-
inal schedule and playing at the stable
grounds. Step aside ruffian, and let
that lady pass. ;

No %Houbt there are some good players
in the Institution who have not been un-
earthed by the managers. Ifsuch should
be the case, they by getting in touch with
some of the managers, they could undoubt
edly be placed. But, if any one thinks he
can getout on the strength of his saying
he can play ball, he is going to be disap-
He will have to ‘‘show me’’
or be ‘‘canned’’. Managers can’t afford
to carry any deadwood this year.
