---
title: Books Worth Reading
author:   
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: March
day: 26
volume: 2
issue: 2
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_009.jpg
tags:
  -   library
  -   reading
  -   books
layout: item
--- 
BOOKS WORTH READING.
“LIFE IS A GLORIOUS THING.”

If you wish to be lifted out of the
cares of to-day, read one of the following
books, which are to be found in the Li-
brary:—

For those of a  historical turn of
mind,—The History of Babylonia and

Assyria, will be found interesting. It tells
about The Towers of Babel, which is still |

standing. Do you realize that 4000
years after this most wonderful of all
towers that was built by the Ancients,
(aceording to the Book of Genesis about

2400 B. C.,) its seven stages still rise|

high above the plains near the site of
Babylon:

For those who care for fiction, ‘‘The
Garden Of Allah’’, is a most remarkable
and interesting story. ‘The story isofa
monk who breaks his oath, and flees
from the monastery, and later on falls
in love with a beautiful young .woman.
The story is full of romance and adven-
ture, and gives a vivid description of
life on the desert with caravans of camels
and natives.

To those who have never read Charles
Dickens work, I would advise any one
of the following book’s:—

David Copperfield,—Little Dorrit,—
Pickwick Papers,—Oliver Twist, and
The'Lamplighters. Charles Dickens is
the greatest master of story-telling the
world ever knew. His keen humor, his
command of pathos and perfection of
character. His writings are fascinating,
and appeal to both old and young. We
breathlessly follow the fortunes of David
Copperfield, laugh at the adventures of
Mr. Pickwick; and shed a tear over Little
Nell. :

“‘Ben-Hur,’’ is another most delightful
book, from the opening of the volume to
the very close, the readers interest will
be kept at the highest pitch. Its real
basis is a description of the life of the
Jews and Roman sat the beginning of the
christian era, and- this is both forcible
and brillant. - We are carried through a
surpassing variety of scenes; we witness
a sea-fight, a chariot race, the internal
economy of a Roman galley, domestic
interiors at Antioch, at Jerusalem, and
among the tribes of the desert; palaces,

prisons, the haunts of dissipated Romans
Youths. There is plenty of exciting in-
cidents.

‘“‘Blennerhasset’’, is a most remark-
able and interesting story,—it is a Rom-
ance, full of life, and founded upon
Events in American History.

‘“Miss Petticoats;’’ this is a story of
modern life, and is full of interest and
brightness, and so full of action that the
incidents fairly step on each others heels.

“Quincy Adams Sawyer and Mason
Corner Folks’’—This is the best New
England story ever written.—A simple
love tale of country life with a wealth
of New England characters, scenes and
incidents.
