---
title: 
author:   
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: March
day: 26
volume: 2
issue: 2
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_010.jpg
tags:
  -   sports
  -   baseball
  -   advice
layout: item
--- 
Now when we are on the verge of
‘another base ball season, the time is most
seasonable for us to address a few re-
marks in the shape of advice and warn-
ings to our friends, who will be fortunate
enough to have the privilege of seeing
‘and enjoying the games. This article is
indited principally for the edification of
our recent initiates, who have no line or
precedents to guide them, and who may
unconsciously, and possibly through no
fault of their own, fall into error and
bring trouble to themselves. With regard
to the old heads, they surely must have
profited by our constant appeals to them
in the UmMPIRE of last season.

Firstly, we wish everybody to under-
stand that -the great privilege of playing
base-ball, was granted us by our chief
executive under certain conditions, and
secondly it is incumbent upon us to obey
these injunctions to the letter, because
‘““walls have ears’’, and certain people in
the outside world of puritanical disposi-
tions, take umbrage at the very idea of us
poor mortals being granted one hour’s
relaxation from the regular routine of
discipline, which they think we are en-
during in ‘‘durance vile.”” Complaints
have arigen in the past, and unless we
maintain reasonable quietude, they may
increase, and there is no telling what
results, disadvantageous to ourselves,
may occur. Therefore it behooves us all
to regard ‘‘silence as golden’’ during the
process of the games.

Right here, we have the most impor-
tant condition and rule, which we
urgently commend to the careful consi-
deration of the spectators, and we trust
it will be devoutly adhered to, and re-
spected by them at all times.

We agree, that during the course of
the season there will be times, and situa-
tions will present themselves, which will
cause the excitement to become ex-
tremely intense, and it will require
almost superhuman power to keep our-
selves under perfect control, but you
will find with a little cultivation this
self-control can be attained.

The officials on the field, from the
highest to the lowest, have always treated
us as ‘‘Bohemians’’, and it is up to us to
demonstrate to them that we are men
like unto themselves, with impulses,
passions and instinets, which we can and
will hold in check when we make up our
minds to do so.

At any time, when any one of our
friends, through thoughtlessness, be-
comes over enthusiastic on the field, and
for the moment ‘‘loses himself’’ in ap-
plause, it would bea good idea for the

gently administering a reprimand to his
next door neighbor ; say, something in
this way ; ‘‘Steady yourself old chap,
steady !,”” then we ghall find that good
order will be the result.

Now with reference to the men who
will participate in the games ; they will
receive their instructions from their re-
spective managers, but for their further
information we wish it to be explicitly
understood that no ‘‘horse play’’ will be
tolerated for one instant. It is much
the best thing to commence as we intend
to go on, and it is only fair to all the
men, that they should be fully acquainted
with what is to be, and what is not
to be. :

The E. S. P. Base Ball League, thanks
to its promoters, is now firmly founded
on a rock, and whatever may have been
its shortcomings in the past, we feel con-
fident that perfection has now been
attained.

Every objection or protest must be
made by the manager, and him alone,
and no matter what an individual play-
er may think, it will be well for him to
keep his mouth closed; it is' quite possi-
ble however, for him to obtain his point
if he goes the right way about it, that is
through his manager; but let it be
clearly understood, that brawls of any
nature approaching rowdyism, will only
cause loss instead of gain to the party
implicated.

Also let it be understood, that the

slightest sign of hostility of any kind

will be promptly suppressed, and the
offender or offenders may be closely
“‘confined to barracks’’, for a more or
less protracted period in consequence of
his unruly conduct. We feel, and we
sincerely trust, that the necessity to
enforce these rules will never occur.
Nobody on earth could have been more

considerate for our welfare in the past
than our respected Warden has been,
and now the time is ripe for us to show
him that his kindness is appreciated.

Now we come to what has hitherto
been the toughest question in the whole
situation, namely—that of UMPIRE.

In the first place, we wish to point out
that the utmost care will be exercised in
selecting the most qualified men to fill
these positions, and we do beseech every-
body to work in accord with us to that

'end.
more level heads to adopt the plan of | "

Most of us are men in every sense of
the word, and are not devoid of honor,
and the men who are selected to
UmpiRE should be looked upon by us
as men of that calibre. Pray don’t
commence at the outset of the season, to
regard them as your mortal enemies, or
entertain the idea that they are a set of
‘‘welshers’” who are out for your scalps.
Better by far would it be if you would
sympathize with them, and begin to
know that theirs is a most arduous and
thankless job, when they are expected
to perform an absolute impossibility,
which is to please everybody.

In the last issue of the UMPIRE, it was
announced that the Cubs were to be
managed by ‘‘Jimmy’’, of the Writer’s
Room, but unfortunately for the Cubs,
this gentleman had been  signed as a
player by the Library, previous to his
contract with the Cubs. However,
‘“‘Marty’’, a member of last year’s
Stogies, has accepted the berth, and
if he exhibits as much enthusiasm in
playing the game as he does in securing
equipment to play with, the Cubs will
not have lost by the change.

¢Dick,”” in the Tin Shop, has entered
a claim for six ginger cakes against the
Ninth Block, for service rendered.

“Fingersand ‘‘Ducky’’, of the Stockino
Shed, are out to duplicate the record of
the Shed’s team of 1911----quite a job,
boys ; but confidence is half the battle.

SITUATION WANTED. Ball player,
steady, sober and honest, can furnish

best of reference. Apply to ‘“Whitie’
at the E. S. P. Library.
