---
title: Belief in Signs
author:   
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: March
day: 26
volume: 2
issue: 2
page: 4
tags:
  -   advice
layout: item
--- 
BELIEF IN SIGNS.

A subscriber recently wrote asking the
“Ladies Home Journal’’ if, in this en-
lightened day, it was sensibleto ‘‘believe
in signs.”” The reply of the editorial
oracle was to the effect, that only the
most ignorant of people nowadays placed
any credence in ‘‘signs’’ being the fore-
runners of certain evenss.

Perhaps this is correct. Yet it causes
a certain twinge to us of the old school,
brought up in the country, where, time
after time, as boys, we witnessed the
certain prophecy of various signs and
omens that apparently never failed.

For instance, the writer, when a
country lad, grew into a firm belief,
which has not yet been lost, in the fol-
lowing signs.

To meet a skunk is a sign that you
are going to get a new suit of clothes.

To be hit on the head with a brick
is a sign of bad luck.

To find yourself in the field with a
bull, who is rushiug towards you with his
head lowered, is a sign that youare going
to travel.

To hear a negro tramp singing him-
self to sleep in your barn, is a sign that
you are going to meet a dark man with
a club.

To feel the limb of a cherry tree
breaking beneath your weight, when
about 40 feet from the ground, is a sign
that you will see stars.

To be called quietly to the woodshed
by your father—but what’s the use? No-
body believes in signsnowadays, and we
don’t have any woodsheds now!
