---
title: "Bob"
author: Jingles
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 2
volume: 2
issue: 3
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_013.jpg
tags:
  -   baseball
  -   sports
  -   advice
  -   ESP League
layout: item
--- 
ATTENTION

On the eve of the opening of the season,
| it will be well to outline the policy of
| the League.

 If any League player shall conduct
" himself in such a way as shall be detri-
mental to the game, the manager of the
f club to which he belongs shall suspend
# him from the game, and shall report said
& suspension, with his reasons therefore, to
the League President, whose duty it
& shall be to call a meeting of all the man-
agers, and take such action against said
& player as they deem necessary.

If any manager shall at any time show
il favoritism to any player or players, or
should in any way cause dissension

‘dhamong the players, a protest can be filed |

Wednesday April 2, 1913

with the managers, (provided it is signed
by at least two-thirds of the members of
the team ), and if the protest of the players
is upheld, said manager shall be depos-
ed by the President. If at any time any
manager is deposed for any reason, it shall
be the duty of the President of the League
to assign a player from the team, to act as
manager, until the members of the club
shall elect a new manager.

If any player shall refuse to play any
position to which his manager shall as-
sign him, or shall in any way work
against his own team, such manager shall
suspend such player; and said player
can appeal to the President in writing
within two days, and it shall then be the
duty of the President to call a meeting
of the managers to act on such appeal
from suspension. Any player who is

| sick, suspended, or for any reason not

able to play, shall stay in his cell until
such disability is removed. Any player
who shall be ordered from any game by

'an umpire, shall for the first offense be

suspended for one week, for the second
offense, one month, and for the third
offense for the balance of the season.
All umpires shall be under the direct
supervision of the President. Any man-
ager or vmpire who desires to resign his
position, can not resign until he has
given the President at least one week’s
notice of such resignation. Any mana-
ger or umpire who resigns without giv-
ing such notice to the President, shall
suffer the same punishment as a sus-
pended player.

The above rules or regulations being
approved by the 'Warden, must be obeyed
to the letter, and any League Officer
who shall neglect to enforce these regu-
lations, will answer to the Warden, and
will be prohibited from witnessing or
playing any games at his discretion.
