---
title: 
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 2
volume: 2
issue: 3
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_014.jpg
tags:
  -   advice 
layout: item
--- 
We notice that the preparations for
the opening of the Base Ball season go
on apace, and the various teams are be-
ginning to shape well for the initial on-
slaught. Several of the old warriors are
to be seen on the field practicing, and
we view with much satisfaction their
changing and mixing with different
teams. Ban'J, Ollie, and Wagner are
going with the Library, which should add
considerably to their chances, and make
them a team to be feared and respected.

The Plasterer’s destinies will be vested
in that well known and zealous hero,
“Davey,”’ who needs no boost from us to
proclaim him *‘incomparable.” He will
be supported by several of his old and
trusted prodigies of last year, who will
demonstrate that once a ball player al-
ways the same. Little Dick, Harry,
Stump, and that redoubtable old horse
“Curly,”” will beamongst his supporters.

Our worthy Editor, we note is going
to direct the guns of the old ‘‘Death or
Glory’’ Ninth, and with the powerful
contingent that he will have at his com-
mand, we have not the slightest doubt
but that he will render a good account
of his stewardship.

Most men are happiest while hustling!
The rust of idleness is what breeds the
microbe of misery in 2 man’s mind, but
a busy man even forgets his dyspepsia
and his debts.

Push! If youcan’t push, pull—If you
can’t pull, please get out of the way and
give another fellow a chance.

Managers of baseball teams who de-
sire the addition of a mascot to follow
their flag to victory, can secure same by

applying to Bill or Dud at the stable, as

Bess is the proud mother of seven——.
Don’t fail to grasp this opportunity.
Prices are arranged according to the se-
lection.
‘Will not honor letter or phone orders.
Stable Boys.
