---
author: null
day: 2
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_014.jpg
issue: 3
layout: item
month: April
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags:
- trumpets
- music
- history
title: A Few Notes
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

A Few Notes.

The origin of the trumpetislost in an-
tiquity. No doubt the early savage dis-
covered the sound produceable from a
conch, or big shell. It was a simple
matter to make a hole in a cow’s hoin,
and a natural step to copy it in metal.
The ancient Romans knew the true
trumpet. It was their Lituus, and was
used by the cavalry. It was made by
placing a long strip of thin bronze on a
metal rod, turning it over neatly flang-
ing and riveting it, and then coating the
seam with wax to make it air tight.
Nor was this all. The ancient Romans
also learned how to bend the tube back
on itself to make their trumpets more
portable. It was forgotten during the
dark ages, to be rediscovered in northern
Italy in the thirteeuth century.

FI RSk

On the walls of the House of Gladia-
tors at Pompeii, there is a fresco m' de
1,850 years ago, showing a trumpet
almost identical in shape with the mili-
tary keyless trumpet in use to-day.
The oldest known sackbut, or posauie,
or trombone which is still in existence
was made by Jorg Neuschel, of Nurem-
berg, in the year 1557.
is as much a trombone as any instrument
fini-hed yesterday, and has as good. a
tone. The only difference is that the
bell does not spread out quite as abrupt-
ly as the modern bells do, but swells out
gradually, more like a cow’s horn. The
instrument is beautifully finished, and

the mouthpiece is very smoothly turned

and artistically designed.

R S

A curious musical instrument of great
antiquity, which is played by Hindus in
a remarkable manner, is described by a
writer in Harper’s Weekly. 'T'his instru-
ment, it is explained, consists of two
small silver trumpets, with a most. deli-
cately arranged apparatus within.

When the natives play upon this instru-
ment, they invariably excite the greatest
wonder in the foreigner, who is perplexed
to determine how the player produces the
sounds, for he does not place the instru-
ment to his lips, but adjusts it to his neck.

Foreigners have thought that a player
of such an instrument must be a ventril-
oquist, employing the trumpets to con-
vey a false impression. It appears,
however, that the variations of tone are
produced by the variations in the quan-
tity of air propelled through the instru-
ment by the pulsations of the neck.

Nothing could be more curious, it is
said, than to witness a performance upon
this instrument, and to hear the soft,
sweet, musical sounds that emanate from
the silver trumpets. — Musical World.