---
title: Our Stenographer
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 2
volume: 2
issue: 3
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_015.jpg
tags:
  -   gossip
layout: item
--- 
OUR STENOGRAPHER

Mr. Flora, our stenographer---came to work
today,
And told us he had learned the Graham
system.
Two hundred words a minute seerned to him,
he said like play
And word for word at that---he’d never
missed ’em!
Mr. Kratz, gave some dictation---a letter to a
man,

And this, as I recallit was how the letter
ran :

“Dear Sir: I have your favor, and in reply
would state

That I accept the offer in yours of recent
date.

I wish to say, however, that under no con-
dition

Can I afford to think of your free lance

: proposition.

I shall begin tomorrow to turn the matter
out,

The copy will be ready by August 10th
about.

Material of this nature should not be rushed
unduly.

Thanking you for your favor, I am yours
very truly.”

He took it down in shorthand with apparent
ease and grace.

And didn’t hurry back, all in a flurry,
‘‘At last,”’ thought Mr. Kratz, ‘“Flora’s struck
his natural gait;”’
Then said, “Now write it out---you
needn’t hurry.”’
The Remington he tackled---now and then
he struck a key,

And after thirty minutes, Mr. Kratz began
to read:

“Dear Sir, I have the Fever, and in a Pile I
Sit

And I except the Offer as you Have reasoned
it,

I wish to see however That under any con-
dition

| Can I for to Think of a free lunch preposi-

shun?

I shal be intomorrow To, turn the mother
out,

The cap will be read and Will cost $10 about

Mateerul of this nation should not rust N.

y Dooley

Thinking you have the Feever I am yours
very Truly.”
