---
author: null
day: 9
editor: B2331
image:
- umpire_1913_017.jpg
- umpire_1913_020.jpg
issue: 4
layout: item
month: April
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum:
- 1
- 4
tags:
- events
- baseball
- ESP League
title: Stocking Shed vs. Library
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

STOCKING SHED vs LIBRARY
On April 8, under a clear sky, with the

Ninth Block, 5.

Store House steps. Always thought Tim- |

Timmie and Slick, with Jack, 1st base- stmosphere a little chilly, the Library
man, a close second. Cap., catch Oijourneyed to the Stable Grounds to meet
Lefty’s wild throw, holding his man on|the Stocking Shed.  This game marked
3rd was a corker. His work was excel- gne of the first battles of the K. S. P.
lent, both at bat and in the field. Tim-|yeague, as the opening day of the sea-
mie done good stick work, so did Jack gopn’s schedule, dated April 7, was post-
and Slick. Got to go some to beat this|poned, and while I think from the large
bunch of players. Behinda mask Slick attendance that the day lay over helped
feels at home, and covering first comes |ty ‘‘incite’’ enthusiasm, as some of the
natural to Jack as working inside the|gpectators were present without their
roped arena. Makesno difference if they | coats, which was a very acceptable com-
are boxing or baseball gloves, do they :‘panion under the prevailing weather
Blackie? The restof the ‘‘ Ninth '’ all|

' conditions.
played good ball. Base-ball has certainly set the wheels
The Cubs have a good team,
of eagerness in turn, for wherever one
goes he will meet a group of rooters or
| stars, discussing their views and knowl-

edge of the National Game.

I think that before we continue fur-
ther, that we should extend our gratitude
of thanks to our Warden, for his kindly
consideration given to this amusement,
by permitting every inmate of the insti-
tution to attend the gamesand create an
interest that was heretofore put to a diffi-

ter on more pleasant inclinations. Think
of the entire Eighth Block, with the Ov-
erseers, out to see rivalry in action. So
fellows, keep order, and have the War-

den feel that you appreciate this exten-
sion of liberty ; for the real fun has not

commenced, and every one wants to be
on the ground floor when the summer
arrives to see the ball travel.

1 will go back to the stable cinders for
the benefit of those who where not pre-
sent, and first of all; the other teams want
to pay strict attention to a few words that

should take root and they are: 'There
are some good material existing in these
two teams that is worthy of attention.’’

When the umpire called ‘‘play ball,”’
the fans were occupying every available
perch. We will have to have a grand-
stand built if the crowd increases.

Jimmie, of the Library, was the first
man to lead off the season with the bat,
and the first ball thrown by the opposing
pitcher, cut the pan in two ; but Jimmie
waited and walked. Eggie followed
with a sacrifice, that brought Jimmie to
third, where he died ; Whitey and Louie
going out on strikes.

3725, the first batter up for Stocking

'Shed, hit the first ball thrown by Yellow

and was safe at first. 5293 followed
with the same.dope ; 3527going to third;
he tried to steal home and was out.

Duckie hit the air and quitely sat down.
The second baseman of the Shed was
off in his fielding ; perhaps a little over

anxious. Summary of the game below.

STOCKING SHED LIBRARY
A.B.R.H.0. A E. A.B.R. H.0. A E.
5725,1b 3 0 1 6 0 0 4263, 1f 4 2 0 0 0 0
5203,'8b 8 21 02 00 HBs5E an U d i G BEER
5101,ss 3 0 1 1 1 0 5981 4116 10
6126)1f 3 0 1 0 00 6l65,¢f 401010
Boi2 cf 3 0 2 0 0 0  5H908,8b 4 2 0 1 3 0
5805 p 8 0 1 072 07 5659 p 48 3NEE0NG
5653 ¢ 2 0 0 0 0 3 5215¢c 400 400
6087, rf 20 0 0 0 0 6178rf 4100 01
6443,20 2 0 0 0 0 4 6182, 3 0 0 0 0 O
Total 242 7 7 b 17 Total 85 106 116 1

SCORE BY INNINGS:

STV DR 0205 3 0.10

Stocking Shed-==* =" ______ 10000 1.2
2' hits 5805. 3$B hits, 5293; 5659. Struck out by 5659, 7.

By 5805, 8.

Base on balls off 5805, 5. Hit by pitched ball, 5908.
Wild pitch, 5805. Stolen bases, 4263, 5908, 6178.
Left on bases, Library, 6. Stocking Shed, 4.