---
author: null
day: 9
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_018.jpg
issue: 4
layout: item
month: April
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags:
- gossip
- advice
- proverb
title: Worry
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

WORRY

If you realized just what Worry is, you
would stop using it in your business.
For Worry is the name given by the
Devil, to his choicest brand of smelling

salts; and the more you get into the habit |

of using them the more you come to know
what Hell is really like. Here’s an an-
tidote for worry—

Smile, Smile, Smile—Smile!

For where Smiles are, Worry ig not.
Worry is just plain poison.
most treacherous of poisons, for it not
only eats into the finest powers of your
mind and life, but it spreads and radiates
like a contagious disease. Worry. can
do no harm in the atmosphere of cheer,
great faith, hope—Work.

Work, Work, Work—Work.

How useless Worry is—how foolish!
Realize but this and you will very soon
banish it, and forever abhor it. Can you
think of a single instance where Worry
rendered you a service? Well then, get
rid of it.

Smile, Smile, Smile—Smile!

Worry never did and never will bring |

' Plasterers and Ninth to be on their met-
It never earned a cent

anything to pass.

and it never helped a human being. But

if you keep busy, if you are continually

seeking to render some service, you will

never have time nor inclination to Worry.
Work Work, Work—Work.

A lot of fellows in here, are always
kicking to the doctor about losing
weight—Yes, they are weighed in the
balance and found wanting.

We are glad to report that the players
on all the league teams, are abiding by
their manager’s demands to refrain from
drinking and late hours.

A great many of the men in prison
would make very poor sharp-shooters
their aim in life is so bad.

It is the|

~THE UMPIRE

They say life is a game of give and

have preferred the latter.

All things come to those who wait,
thought the batter, as the umpire called
four balls,

————— ———
You cannot expect a man who has
been convicted ten times to believe in
luck.

Andy, of the Bake House, is certain-
ly doing some great back-stop work for
the Library.

They’re off !

We understand that Overseer Hickey
is very fond of peanuts.

Managers should warn their catchers
about holding the third strike this year.
If he drops it, he’ll have to play it to
first base to put the batter out.