---
author: Jingles
day: 9
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_019.jpg
issue: 4
layout: item
month: April
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags:
- joke
title: A Dream
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

A DREAM

The twirler stood in the pitcher’s box,
Trying hard to stop the kuocks,

Of the men upon the other team,
Who played with snap, and had the steam.

1st. Inning

His eyes were on the little pan,

He tried real hard, his man to fan,
The batter hit an awful slam,

The pitcher thought he’d get the can.

2nd Inning

Back to the mound, he went once more,
Worried a bit, but game to the core,
Another hit would swell the score,
It came, and also did three more,

3rd Inning

Another pitcher goes in to twirl,
He looks at the plate, and with a whirl
He sends one over with a twist and curl,
And fans the side, don’t even toil.

4th Inning

' On every side we hear them say,

That he’s the boy that saved the day,
And Timmie thinks he’ll raise his pay,
If T,ongie, with the Ninth will stay,

Sth Inning

Then in the fifth, three men on base,
That old time ‘‘has-been,” takes his place
And with old fashioned courtly grace,
Proceeds the first ball pitched to lace.

The whistle blows, the game is through,
The score now stands five runs to two,

Longie and Tim have shown the way,
How baseball stars the gameto play.

Tast Inning

Just then someone let out a roar,
Right outside old Timmie’s door,

Get up you dub, it’s seven O’clock,
Shame to give him such a shock.

Moral—Do not chew the UMPIRE’S baseball
type, before retiring. :

—Jingles.