---
title: Band vs. Plasterers
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 9
volume: 2
issue: 4
page: 4
image: umpire_1913_020.jpg
tags:
  -   event
  -   ESP League
  -   baseball
layout: item
--- 
BAND vs PLASTERERS

The base ball season opened today
without undue excitement or fanfare of
clarionets, but nevertheless it was accom-
panied by that visible manifestation of
interest which was prevalent throughout
the whole of last season. The weather
was cold and the players did not come
out of their shells as might have been
expected.

In spite of these unfavorable condi-
tions, a good game was presented, and
many amusing incidents occured.

The Plasterers with their old and
seasoned manager have several new play-
ers, but their strongest supporters are
still to be seen in their line up. ‘‘Dave”’
“Curley’’ “Toney’’ and ‘‘Stump’’ open-
ed the game with a great exhibition;
each scoring a home run more or less
luckily.

“Dave’’ commenced the season with
his usual chapter of accidents; first by
trying to hug the wall and injuring his
index finger instead of catching the|
ball, and secondly by getting nearly
frost bitten.

He introduced a new pitcher into the
box who is supposed to be a corker; he,
was somewhat stiff in the arm, but|
for the timely transfer of his responsibil-
ity to old war horse ‘“‘Curley”’ the result |
may have been recorded differently.

The Band, which by the way is a new |
creation, played a very commendable |
game, and from their shaping today we|
expect to see some good plays before the |
the season is very far advanced. They|
have several well known players in their
team including ‘‘Reddy’” ‘““Josh’ and
“Kirky"” Junior the latter of whom bids
well to become a very valuable piece of |
property as time goes om. ‘‘Jacobs’’
and ‘‘Josh’’ each scored a home run..

Whilst we admire the coaching of:
“Josh,;" at the same time we hope he
will not ‘‘shoot his bolt’’” before the i‘,
season is well advanced. |

The details are as follows:—

Plasterers : —I1st inning, ‘‘Dave’’ and |
‘““Toney’’ each hit a single and went
home on ““Stump’s’’ hit; who likewise |
got home on ““Curley’s home run.

2nd inning; ‘“‘Dave’” took 18t on a
dead ball; got to 3rd but was cleverly
caught stealing home. “‘Stump’’ hit a
two bagger and faded.

srd inming; ‘“Poney’’ made a home

{
|

!

run; ‘“Stump’’ hit a singfe and subse-
quently completed the circle through a
series of errors; the ‘‘Barber’’ hit a two-
bagger stole 2nd and 3rd and faded.

4th inning; ‘“‘Harry”’ took base on
balls and ‘‘Alec’’ hit a single, both land-
ed safely on ‘‘Dave’s’’ remarkably lucky
home run which was brought about en-
tirely by errors of all deseriptions, which
at this stage are quite excusable.

6th inning; ‘‘Felix’’ singled and was
caught cleverly stealing 3rd.

7th inning; ‘‘Dave’’ hit an apparent
home run, but through ¢‘Kirky Junior’s’
quick handling of the ball and his accur-
acy in throwing it to the home plate, he
(Dave) was caught on the post about
three feet from the goal.

Through our inability to obtain ‘‘nom
de-plumes’’ of the new players, several
plays will have to go by the board on
this occasion.

2nd inning;‘‘Kirky’’ took base on balls,
stole 2nd and 8rd and went home on

l ¢« Jacob’s’’ home run, brought about by

an overthrow
3rd inning; ‘‘Josh’’ singled and got home
on errors.

6th inning; ‘‘Larry’’ got to 1st on an’

error, stole 2nd 3rd and faded there.
Result; 8—3 in favor of the Plaster-

ers. :
‘We observed with much pleasure the

continued liberality of our Warden, in

' releasing ‘‘en masse’’ whole blocks to

see the games; also we understand that
each cell is to receive an ‘‘Umpire’’ which
action will be met with admiration.

Now for the benefit of those who have
not read the Umpire of April 2nd , we
repeat that now is the time for everybody
to prove their worth, and also show the
Warden that they appreciate his kind-
ness. by obeying his injunctions and de-
sist from being noisey or entering into
any broils or rowdyism. Its up to the
men now, and we have no fear but that
things will sail along smoothly.
