---
author: null
day: 23
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_025.jpg
issue: 6
layout: item
month: April
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags:
- music
- church
- event
title: Sunday Services
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

SUNDAY SERVICES
The Lemon Hill Choir Accompained
by E. S. P. Orchestra

April 20

An interesting song service, by the
Lemon Hill Choir, accompanied by our
Orchestra, was held on the Centre, Sun-
day at 3 P. M.

The hymns, of which there were sever-
al, were well sung by the visiting choir,
which was composed of a number of well
trained voices. Theorchestra rendered
geveral selections. Joe, the Orchestra
leader, selected a very difficult classic,
entitled Rubenstein’s ‘‘Melody in F’’,
for his solo, which he played very credi-
tably.

The Pastor of The Lemon Hill Asso-
ciation, delivered a stirring address; our
Chaplain also made a few remarks,
which made a distinet impression.

The visiting Pastor, in the course of

his sermon, thanked the Orchestra for

their assistance, and invited them all to
be present and participate in the open-
ing services of the Lemon Hill Choir, at
a near date. Of course, this remark
caused some merriment, but the Pastor
quickly faced the congregation, and used
the following words:—‘I can safely
state, as far as I personally believe, that
if every member of this Orchestra were
permitted to be let out to visit us at
our meeting, they would all return here,
of their own free will. Wouldn’t you
boys?’ All heads bowed assent.
«“That’s the trouble’’ said our Chaplain,
“‘some of them don’t stay out, when they

are out.”” We extend our heartiest
thanks to the Lemon Hill Choir, and

hope they will soon be with us again.