---
title: 
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 23
volume: 2
issue: 6
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_026.jpg
tags:
  -   gossip
  -   jokes
layout: item
---
YEs dear reader; if his conduct is
good, an umpire is elligible for parole
the same as anyone else.

Tue Cubs would never grow very wild,
if they had the Ninth for pernament mas-
ters. Proof there is nothing in a name.

JinGLEs says that he has discovered
perpetual motion, in watching the lips of
Bingles, even when he performs on the
B flat claronet.

THE Doctor is pretty busy these days,
calling ‘‘bluffs.”” Everybody in a cell,
feels that he must have fresh air, be-
tween four and five P. M. Wonder
whats the reason?

OvERSEER O’ Brien, on the Eight Block,
wants to know if Sunday playing is pro-
hibited in this State, owing {o the foul
balls being made so often. Pass the
soup please.

Mk. Weigandt became very indignant
the other day, when some one told him
the Band was playing at the stable—He
wanted to know what was the matter
with the band-room.

THE bakers were short of men one day
last week, and were behind with their
day’s batch, until Overseer Moore went
in and helped them out, but that was
not enough, so Moore wentin the dough
—Every little bit of dough added to

what you’ve got, makes just a little
bit Moore.

IN the future, the Umpire will not
print apy criticism of any article con-
tained therein. As a rule, the critic’s
article is very poor and it is presumptous
to say the least, for him to decry the
the efforts of another. The Umpire will
gladly accept from any inmate, clean, in-
structive articles; but don’t send any
other kind, as our waste-paper bag is
only emptied once-a-week, and we don’t
like to have them lying around over the
floor.

IN the game on Friday Bill, one of
our printers, was so confident of the Li-
brary winning from the Ninth Block that
he approached Timmie before the game,
and volunteered to assist him to his cell
at the close of the game, but unfortunate-
ly when Cap hit a home run, Bill wasso
overcome that he fainted away and was
assisted to his cell. Next morning he
saw Timmie very proud, wearing a huge
flower on the lapel of his coat, and he
wanted to know where Bill was, so Bill
apologized, and said he was called away
to assist an' UMPIRE reporter.
