---
author: null
day: 23
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_026.jpg
issue: 6
layout: item
month: April
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags:
- event
- ESP League
- baseball
title: Ninth vs Library
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

NINTH vs LIBRARY

APRIL 18

That much talked about game was
played today, between the Library and
the Ninth. The weather was ideal, and
everyone who could get away was on
hand to watch the contest. The bat-
teries, were Ban and Andy, for the Lib-
rary, against Longie and Slick of the 9th.

Tim, the first up, waited and walked.
Rube hit safe. Slick out to Eggie. Jack
struck out, but got to first on Andy’s
muff of the third strike, Lefty hit safe,
and Longie struck out Lefty’s hit score
the first run, and a wild throw to home
let another run in, making two rumns.

The Library failed to tally. In this
inning, Whitey hit for three bases, but
was left onthird. In the second, Bobbie
walked, and came home on a wild throw.
Ollie made a good catch of Tim’s long
foul. Rube hit again, and was safe.
Cap hit the longest swat of the year,
for a homer, bringing in Rube. Slick
out at first—38 runs. The Library went
out 1-2-3 order, Longie had great control
and plenty of speed. Third inning, and
two more were added to the Ninth’s
score, but again the Library bit the dust.
Neither side scored again till the sixth,
when the Library started to rally, but
could only get one single tally. Andy
oot to first, stole second, got to third on
a balk, and came home on Eggie’s single.

The game was well played, even though
the score was not very evenly balanced
Ollie, of the Library, made two catches
out in the field, that won him applause
from the crowd. Ban, the pitcher, also
showed up good, as did Eggie, the second
baseman. The team work of the Ninth
was hard to beat. Longie and Slick,
are certainly a great pair, and nothing
can be said against their work. Cap
got in the game with a broken finger,
and played real ball from start to finish.
His home-run was a beauty, and in the
sixth, he hit again for a single with such
force, as to break the bat in half. Mike,
the Library short stop got rattled at this
and fielded the broken piece of the bat
which came in his territory. ‘‘Well we
hope for a better result on Tuesday,”’
said Poet, manager of the Booklovers, as
he wended his way sorrowfully toward
the Block on which he studies out his
intricate dope. Final score 7—1 favor
the Ninth. Umpire Mr. Rabbie, who is
improving some.