---
title: And They All Played Ball
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 23
volume: 2
issue: 6
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_027.jpg
tags:
  -   event
  -   ESP League
  -   baseball
layout: item
---
AND THEY ALL PLAYED BALL

The game opened with Molasses at
Tthe stick, and small-pox catching.
Cigar was in the box with plenty

of smoke. Horn on first base, and Fid-
dle on second base, backed by Corn in
the field, who made it hot for Umpire
Apple who was rotten. Ax came to bat
and chopped. Cigar let Brick walk, and
Sawdust filled the bases. Song made a
hit, and Twenty made a score. Cigar
went out and Balloon started to pitch but
went straight up. Then Cherry tried it
but was wild. Old Ice kept cool in the
game until he was hit by a pitched ball,
then you ought to have heard ice scream.
Cabbage had a good head and kept quiet-
Grass covered lotsof ground inthe field
and the crowd cheered when Spider
caught the fly. Bread loafed on third
and pumped Organ who played fast and
put Light out. Inthe fifth inning Wind
began to blow about what he could do.
Hammer began to knock and Trees be-
gan to leave. 'Theway they roasted
Peanuts was a fright. Knife was put
out for cutting first base. Lightning
finished pitching the game and struck out
six men. In the ninth Apple told Fid-
dle to take his base. Oats was shocked,
then Song made another hit. Trombone
made a slide, and Meat was put out on
the plate. There waslots of betting on
the game but Soup cleaned up. The
score was 1 to 0. Door said if he had
pitched he would have shut them out.
