---
title: Cubs Win the First Game from the Band
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 23
volume: 2
issue: 6
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_027.jpg
tags:
  -   event
  -   ESP League
  -   baseball
layout: item
---
CUBS WIN THE FIRST GAME
FROM THE BAND

April 18

After the cessation of play for a whole
week, caused by the inclemency of the
weather, the teams again arrayed them-
selves to do battle.

The above teams played a rather un-
interesting game, and it was easy to see
that the players were off colors. Both
the pitchers are good men but they com-
plained of stiffness, and consequently the
pitching was not of the first water. Also
there were several quite avoidable errors,
which as the season advances we are sure
will be elminated.

Herb told us that he was off some, to-
day, but he means to make things hum
before the temperature becomes tropical.
We append the most conspicious plays:—

First inning: Joe walked, stole second
and third, and scored on Freddie’s hit,
who was doubled by Larry.

Second inning; Herb walked, stole
second and third, and scored on Ralph’s
hit, Alfred walked, stole second and
third, and scored on a fumbled bail.

Fourth inning; Frank passed, stole
second and third, and scored on Charley
hit. Jordon singled, stole second and
third and both men scored on Kreddie’s
hit, who faded later.

Fifth inning; Herb singled, stole
second and third, Mike passed to first,
and Josh made a smart double play.
By the way, keep quiet Josh, you make
to much noise, it make us tired and people
don’t care for it.

While we wish this really industrious
team all the very best of luck, and are
quite satisfied it will attend them if they
persevere, we must state that on this
occasion there is little to report.

In the fourth inning, Josh came very

-|near scoring, but was unfortunately sand-

wiched between third and the plate.

Go to it Band! and let ‘‘Nil desperan-
dum’’ be your war cry, and we exhort
the rooters to attend you closely.

The score at the close was 6—0 in
favor the Cubs. Incidently we observed
that the Band had three men on bases
when the whistle blew.
