---
author: null
day: 23
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_028.jpg
issue: 6
layout: item
month: April
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 4
tags:
- baseball
- gossip
title: Notice
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

NOTICE

At the opening of the season, Wwe
endeavored to have the games conducted
as nearly as possible as those on the out-
side. One of the reforms to be inaugurat-
ed, was the keeping of official averages.
To do this, we had to conform more
closely to the rules in force on the out-
side; that is, we had to account for every
out. Heretofore, the catcher in here
never had to hold the third strike—an
old rule which was in use, when we first
started playing ball, and had no gloves
to catch with. At this stage of the
game, we can see no reason Wwhy the
catcher should not catch the ball, the
same as in any other position. The Libra-
ry team is adhering to the rule, likewise
the Cubs, (they being the only teams
the Ninth have met this season.)

At the opening game on Monday, at
the Ninth Block grounds, we learned
from the Plasterers’ catcher, they would
not recognize the rule, claiming it was
made expressly for and by the Ninth
team. Well, Harry, my boy, you are
right. But you should not have been
alarmed, no one would have accused you
of making any rule, good or bad for base
ball. The only thing you can make, is
a “kick’’. They are few, if any, who
will admit that all of the rules we are
now playing under, were devised by two
or three men, and outside of those two
or three men, the others have done noth-
ing but reap the benefits of their labor.
So Harry, dear, if there are any other

rules that you don’t like, say so, and

they will be dropped. The compositors
in the Printing Room, will tender you a
vote of thanks for cutting out the third
strike rule; for setting tabulated work in
six point type, is just a little bit harder,
than catching a game of ball once or
twice a week.