---
title: Plasterers vs Stocking Shed
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 30
volume: 2
issue: 7
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_029.jpg
tags:
  -   baseball
  -   ESP League
  -   event
layout: item
---
PLASTERERS vs STOCKING SHED
April 22nd.

Fumble, fumkle, fumble, seemed to be
the order of the day, when the above
teams played their postponed game.

There was never for a moment any
doubt about the issue, because the Plas-
terers started in with runaway scoring

This team, who by the way are at the
head of affairs, are a real good team and
the one that beats them in the finish
has got its work to do.

They have no excess baggage, and
from all indications, we assume that
their crafty manager was right there
when the contracts were signed. They
seem to have all their last year’s strength
and vim, in addition to a number of new
“‘bloods *’ who are all masters of the art.

They have never won a pennant, and,
without a doubt, their victory this year
would be received with nuch satisfac-
tion.

Today they had it all their own way;
but times and conditions change, and
the weaker teams will improve, and if
the leaders get careless and too cock-sure,
as they have done in former years, it is
quite probable that the tables may be
reversed before the end of the season.

The Stocking Shedisa very fair team,
and under the guidance of their efficient
manager, Stuart, who is one of the most

TERESTS OF RECREATION AND G

WEDNESDAY APRIL 30, 1913

ardent workers in the league, and of
whom it has been said with a deal of
accuracy that ‘‘he would rather play
ball than eat.”’

The chief difficulty that has always
troubled managers, is in enlisting pitch-
ers of ability. Cheer up Stuart! and
never say die; we wish you luck in de-
veloping your team, and we know you
can bhandle the situation. The result
was 15—3 in favor of the Plasterers.
