---
title: 
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 30
volume: 2
issue: 7
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_030.jpg
tags:
  -   baseball
  -   advice
  -   gossip
  -   proverbs
layout: item
---
Crumbs of comfort don’t always mat-
erialize by casting our bread down the
pot.

Some of the stories told the Chaplain
are pretty hard to swallow, and the truth
may not be palatable either --but better.

They say the saloon is the poor man’s
club - - yes, and if you are a steady mem-
ber, you become connected with the
policeman’s club.

A great many fellows here, complain
of always having the blues, when in a
great many cases, it’s only a streak of
yellow.

Itis a well known fact that the Ninth
has very few, if any rooters ; the players
of the Ninth claim they know of none.
But in this, they are mistaken. After
the game on Friday, one of the happiest
men in the institution was Joe Pot. He
wore a smile on his face a mile wide, and
we thought at first the parole law had
passed. Upon asking Joe the cause of
his joyfulness, all he couldsay was ‘‘six
to two favor the Ninth.”” We were grati-
fied to learn that Joe is for the Ninth,
regardless of the fact that he rooms with
the manager of the Plasterers’.

Harry, the Plasterers’ catcher, wishes
it known, that he did not say the rule
of catching the third strike was made
for the benefit of the 9th Block, but

did say that the managers did not recieve ||
word from the President, that catchers||

must catch the third strike this

should make this rule, until the

him withouta hole in the end of it.

‘“ Go to it Timmie ; you had better get ||
some kind of a rule that will enable you ||
to reach first base ; as yourself and I are||
about even when it comes to batting, and |
I can assure you I wish you the best of !

success. ’’

year. ||
Harry did not see why one manager |
game ||
between the 9th and Plasterers. Timmie, | §
who showed such a remarkable improve- | |
ment in his batting in this game, that the||
Warden is going to have abat made for ||
