---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-2331
id: '102'
image: umpire_1913_026.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' inside joke'
- ' The Umpire'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

Yes dear reader; if his conduct is good, an umpire is eligible for parole the same as anyone else. The Cubs would never grow very wild, if they had the Ninth for permanent masters. Proof there is nothing in a name. Jingles says that he has discovered perpetual motion, in watching the lips of Bingles, even when he performs on the B flat clarinet. THE Doctor is pretty busy these days, calling "bluffs." Everybody in a cell, feels that he must have fresh air, between four and five P.M. Wonder what's the reason? Overseer O' Brien, on the Eight Block, wants to know if Sunday playing is prohibited in this State, owing to the foul balls being made so often. Pass the soup please. Mr. Wiegandt became very indignant the other day, when someone told him the Band was playing at the stable—He wanted to know what was the matter with the band-room. The bakers were short of men one day last week, and were behind with their day's batch, until Overseer Moore went in and helped them out, but that was not enough, so Moore went in the dough —Every little bit of dough added to what you've got, makes just a little bit Moore. In the future, the Umpire will not print any criticism of any article contained therein. As a rule, the critic's article is very poor and it is presumptuous to say the least, for him to decry the efforts of another. The Umpire will gladly accept from any inmate, clean, instructive articles; but don't send any other kind, as our wastepaper bag is only emptied once a week, and we don't like to have them lying around over the floor. In the game on Friday Bill, one of our printers, was so confident of the Library winning from the Ninth Block that he approached Timmie before the game, and volunteered to assist him to his cell at the close of the game, but unfortunately when Cap hit a home run, Bill was so overcome that he fainted away and was assisted to his cell. Next morning he saw Timmie very proud, wearing a huge flower on the lapel of his coat, and he wanted to know where Bill was, so Bill apologized, and said he was called away to assist an UMPIRE reporter.