---
title: Library vs Ninth
author: Timmy
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: April
day: 30
volume: 2
issue: 7
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_031.jpg
tags:
  -   baseball
  -   ESP League
  -   event
layout: item
---
LIBRARY vs NINTH

April 23

After the severe drubbing the Ninth
received from the Plasterers on Monday,
they met the Library on Tuesday, and
the change of form was remarkable.
From the tap of the bell the Ninth was
at the ‘“‘Bookworms’’ tooth and nail, and
when the smoke of battle had cleared
away, the Ninth had five runs to their
credit. Yellow was the victim for Tues-
day’s slaughter, and stcod it for five in-
nings, and then he made way for Tom-
my, who at this writing, is a pitcher of
some importance, being claimed by both
Library and Stocking Shed.

Longie did the honors for the Ninth,
and was strong all the way, both at the
bat and in the box. = Rube had his third
home run in two days, and Cap., not to
be out-done, put one in the same place
for another. Yellow was poorly sup-
ported, Ban, Big Whitey and Dud, mak-
ing costly errors. After the third inn-
ing, Andy, as usual lost heart, and play-
ed a lifeless game behind the bat. In
the first inning, with two strikes on Lef-
ty, he waited and walked. Big Whitey
was reading a volume of Henry James,
and didn’t see Augie’s bounder in time
to get of the way, and Augie landed on
second. Cap. struck out, but Slick sent
Augie home with a hié to center. He
scored on Yeap’s sacrifice.. Jack hit
safe, stole third, and came home on
Wade’s badly played bounder by Ban.
Bobbie ended the inning with a fly to
Ollie. The Library was shut out until
the 6th, when Andy, who had two strikes
on him, landed on a straight one and
placed it in the yard for two bases. He
was caught a mile off second, but Lefty
dropped the throw, and Andy crossed
the plate with the first run. The field-
ing of the Library team was off color,
with the exception of Ollie, who play ed
his usual good game at third. —Timmy
