---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-2331
id: '106'
image: umpire_1913_027.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
title: Library Wins Third Game From Stocking Shed
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

LIBRARY WINS THIRD GAME FROM STOCKING SHED April 17 After five days of rest and time to plan how to appear in the limelight of the E.S.P. League, the Stocking Shed bowed for the third straight time to the Library. Overseer Campbell's lavender ward were interested spectators. But for errors, the game would have been much closer contested, as the pitchers of both sides stood well at their posts, Yellow having thirteen strike outs to his credit, followed by Tommy, who forced eleven of the Library to punch the atmosphere. Jimmie, of the Library, allowed Dud, of the stable, to fill his place, so that he would not have too many strike outs to his credit. Following is the game in detail :— Jimmie out on a fly. Eggie beat out a bunt, and scored on the catcher's error. Whitey walked, and scored on Ollie hitting for two sacks on the roof. Mike hit a crisscross on the wall, enabling the Shed to retire Ollie at third. Louie pulled a two base hit away from 5725. Jack hit the air. 5101 lost out, over the wall. Ban singled, and came home on Yellow's three bagger on the roof, and died, trying to steal home. Andy out at first. Jimmie fanned. 6443 out on strikes. 5962 and 5895 going out, over the wall.Eggie out on third strike. Whitey hit a funny one against the wall getting to second. Louie fanned. Whitey scored on Ollie's fumbled grounder. Mike hit over the wall. 5653 and 6191 out on strikes. Ban fanned. Yellow also. Andy hit on the roof for two pans, and Jimmie brought him home, himself safe at first, but was caught stealing third. Slim out at first. 5553 hit a fly to Eggie. 5101 struck out. Eggie out at first, with Tommy's help. ‘Whitey safe at first," said the umpire, and scored on 5908, who was out at first. Ollie retired at first. Yellow fanned the entire side again. Mike walked. Ban safe on first. Jimmie out at first. 6191 and 5653 punched the air. 5230 out at first. Positions changed. Andy walked. Jimmie was nervous, allowing Dud to bat in his place, bringing Andy across the plate. Eggie fanned. Whitey hit a fly to the pitcher. Slim hit safe, got to third but couldn't get home. Jack, 6442, and 5963 hit the air. Louie fanned. Ollie got hit, and went to first, to wait for Mike and Ban to punch holes in the air. The game was very interesting, and the crowd went in well pleased.

LIBRARY 
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
|----------|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
| 4263, rf |    | 4  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5553, 2b |    | 4  | 1  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 0  |
| 5986, 1b |    | 4  | 2  | 2  | 2  | 0  | 0  |
| 6165, cf |    | 4  | 1  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 0  |
| 5908, 3b |    | 4  | 0  | 2  | 0  | 1  | 0  |
| 2042, ss |    | 4  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 0  |
| 5669, 1f |    | 4  | 1  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 1  |
| 6178, p  |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 1  | 0  | 0  |
| 5215, c  |    | 3  | 2  | 1  | 13 | 0  | 0  |
| Total    |    | 34 | 7  | 7  | 18 | 2  | 1  |

STOCKING SHED
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
|----------|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
| 5725, 1b |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 4  | 0  | 0  |
| 5293, 3b |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 2  | 1  | 2  |
| 5105, ss |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 1  |
| 6443, 1f |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5692, cf |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5805, p  |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 2  | 2  | 0  |
| 6191, c  |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 13 | 2  | 0  |
| 5653, rf |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 0  |
| 5230, 2b |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 1  |
| Total    |    | 22 | 0  | 0  | 22 | 6  | 4  |

SCORE BY INNINGS:
Library _______________2 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 __ 7
Stocking Shed _________0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 __ 0

2B hits 5908. 5215 Struck out by 6178, 13 By 5805, 11. 
Base on balls off 6178, 0. Off 5805, 2.
3B hits, 6178 Wild pitch, 6178.
Stolen bases 5986, 5908 (2), 2042, 5215, 5725.
Passed balls 5215, 2 6191, 1.
Left on bases, Library 1. Stocking Shed, 4. 
Umpires "Rabbi", "John Henry."