---
title: Library Lose Out
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 7
volume: 2
issue: 8
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_033.jpg
tags:
  -  baseball
  -  ESP League
  -  event 
layout: item
---
LIBRARY LOSE OUT

One of the Most Interesting Games
of the Season Pulled Off

The Bear-cats beat the Students 4-2.
Curley again pitched championship ball.
His new cream ball is a peach. Dave
drove a dandy homer in the first. In
the fourth, Jim hit and scored on Felix’s
furious fumigatory home run. Curly
hit. In the seventh, the ‘‘ new player ’
hit a home run. Toney hit hard, but
was unfortunate. Dave picked thrown
ball off wall at third. A wild throw al-
lowed one soph. to score. Fielding was
first class. Three home runs off Yellow
beat Librarians, otherwise, Yellow used
a cannon ball to good effect.
hit made only five off Yellow.

For Students, Andy stung one for a
home run. Beef Trust hit, and scored
on Harry’s wild throw to second. Ollie
and Big Whitey each hit. 4 hits off
Curley. A sizzling game. Once before
[ said, that the Student’s will bear watch-
ing. Fast fielding on both sides kept
the crowd in good humor.

All managers and players enrolled in
this league, should not forget that the
commission laid down certain restrictive
rules, in regard to unfieldable hit-
ting. A hit to the roof goes for three
‘bases only. A hit into a yard goes for
two bases. An agreement between man-
agers, does not invalidate rules formu-
lated by the Commission. Both sides in
this game gained on questionable home
runs, and, for that reason, protestation
is useless. The game stands as played.
In future, rules must be observed.—R.

asterers e, L8 s, 1002001 0—4

b rary® e . 001010002

Stump’s-
