---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-2331
id: '118'
image: umpire_1913_029.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
title: Plasterers vs Stocking Shed
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PLASTERERS vs STOCKING SHED April 22nd. Fumble, fumble, fumble, seemed to be the order of the day, when the above teams played their postponed game. There was never for a moment any doubt about the issue, because the Plasterers started in with runaway scoring This team, who by the way are at the head of affairs, are a real good team and the one that beats them in the finish has got its work to do. They have no excess baggage, and from all indications, we assume that their crafty manager was right there when the contracts were signed. They seem to have all their last year's strength and vim, in addition to a number of new "bloods '' who are all masters of the art. They have never won a pennant, and, without a doubt, their victory this year would be received with much satisfaction. Today they had it all their own way; but times and conditions change, and the weaker teams will improve, and if the leaders get careless and too cocksure, as they have done informer years, it is quite probable that the tables may be reversed before the end of the season. The Stocking Shed isa very fair team, and under the guidance of their efficient manager, Stuart, who is one of the most ardent workers in the league, and of whom it has been said with a deal of accuracy that ‘‘he would rather play ball than eat." The chief difficulty that has always troubled managers, is in enlisting pitchers of ability. Cheer up Stuart! and never say die; we wish you luck in developing your team, and we know you can handle the situation. The result was 15—8 in favor of the Plasterers.