---
author: Henry
day: '30'
editor: B-2331
id: '119'
image: umpire_1913_029.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
title: Plasterers vs Cubs
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PLASTERERS vs CUBS The opening game of a series between the above teams was played today, and a very decent game resulted. The Plasterers won, but they had very little in hand, and nothing to brag about. As we remarked before, if Dave will persist in wearing his old warrior down, there's nothing but disaster ahead for him. Alec is playing great ball these days, and it appears to us that he utterly ignores anything but a home run. Herb pitched for the Cubs; there is not a more zealous player in the league, and he plays for all he is worth at all times. The Cubs have some good players, amongst whom we noticed one in particular, who made some remarkable steals, and is coming to the front by leaps and bounds. We were sorry to see the way the players jumped on the base umpire when the poor fellow, through nervousness, made a slight miscalculation; really, anyone would think from their attitude, that they were paying these men big fat salaries to stand on the field to be ballyragged; it would be much more generous and gentlemanly on their part, if they would think of their own faults instead of picking holes in others. The final score was 6—3 in favor of the Plasterers. Details of the game:— Plasterers:—1st inning; Dave, passed, stole second, and scored on Stump's home run. Alec singled, stole the first Curley passed, stole Second inning, second and third, and scored on baseman's error; second and third, and scored on a wild pitch. —Henry.