---
author: Henry
day: 7
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_035.jpg
issue: 8
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags:
- baseball
- ESP League
- event
title: Ninth and S. Shed
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

NINTH and S. SHED

Ninth Certainly had to Play Ball to
Win from the Stocking Shed

History repeated itself today in the
above game which produced one of the
most exciting duels from start to finish,
that has been witnessed in this university
this season. Last week the Stocking
shed handled the Plasterers with a rough
and relentless hand, and today they
gave the Ninth the most severe gruelling
they have had this season.

So strongly was the game contested,
that up to the Seventh inning the score
was 2-—2 ; at the conclusion of the next
inning, the Stocking shed had forged to
the front with such a dash, that they
held a clear lead of three runs, and at
this stage the old Ninth began to hand
out signals of distress, inasmuch that
Slick suggested to Jack to walk all the
rest with a view of killing time.

However, they rallied again, and the
traditional luck, which has so many
times previous to this attended them,
came again to their rescue, and enabled
them to scramble home with the score
7—>5 1n their favor.

We feel constrained to state, that if
the whistle had sounded promptly as the
clock struck five, the game would have
resulted in a tie. By this, we do not
wish it to be construed that the Ninth’s
foxy manager is in collusion with the

chief of the siren, even though he was

absent from the gaine.

Several home runs were made, and al-
together the play was of the first water.
Jack pitched a fine game, and the only
word we find to describe the dexterous
way in which Tommy handled thesphere
1s —superb—. Tt will be remembered
that our correspondent in last week’s
UmPIRE, stamped him as a sure comer.

About the Ninth’s qualifications, no
words of ours are needed, and with re-
gé,rd to the composition of Stewart’s
team, there is very little to say, because
they demonstrated today that they are a

dangerous lot to fool with. —Henry
INTthSBlocle s & OROBISOROFIE0R5 =21
Stocking Shed........ 000000235