---
title: Band Beaten by Library
author: Rocky
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 7
volume: 2
issue: 8
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_035.jpg
tags:
  -   
layout: item
---
BAND BEATEN BY LIBRARY

April 30

The measure of the Band team was
decisively taken by the hard hitting
Library team.

Yellow was in the points, and had a
baffling out-curve that the Bandits could
not solve, and that tells the whole story;
if to it is added some ragged fielding.
Up to the beginning of the fifth inning,
the Band boys only got one hit. In the
fifth, Big Six, as the Warden came
through the gate, swung and put the
home run label on one of Yellow's
straight ones. That was their only
score.

Beef Trust caught a perfect game, and
kept his infield steady. Jack, the Port
sider, pitched for the Band, but kept his
stuff in his cell. He was hit hard and
consistently. Dave, his receiver, had
the double task of steadying the pitcher
and infield. He tried hard, and thatisall
we can ask of any man. Firstand third
sacks were well protected by two bung-
lers.

This was a bad feature: Jack, the
Portsider, failed to run out his hit, in
the fifth. It might have been the start
of a rally. One never can tell what will
happen in baseball.

Hard hitting garnered ten runs for
the students

Two runs in the first on hits and mis-
plays.

In the second, Yellow kit for a double,
and the fight was on. And, upon my
word, it was fun to see him run to third;
his chest a-heave with a great elation.
Louie’s hard hitting featured the game.
Two doubles and a single marked his
portion.

Eggie was Louie’s rival with
willow.

Yellow got two doubles, also.

Williams hammered out a stinging
triple.

Many others hit well.

Poet beat out a pretty bunt.

The Students will bear watching.

The game lacked fielding features.

the

Why prolong the agony ?
I A LA Y s e oo 10224110
o] e e e OROEOROS1IRO=—N]
—Rocky
