---
author: Rocky
day: '30'
editor: B-2331
id: '126'
image: umpire_1913_030.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
title: The Ninth and Plasterers Battle in Lively Game
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THE NINTH AND PLASTERERS BATTLE IN LIVELY GAME April 25 The best game of the season was played today between the Plasterers and the Ninth. Curly, pitching for the Plasterers, expended too much energy, trying to hold a man on second. He paid the penalty for it in the third inning. After that he settled down and pitched star ball. Quick return pitching is useless, except to catch a batter napping. The third inning was ‘Old Home Week' for the Ninth. Lefty was the brilliant Cobbite, when it came to slamming the sphere. Single, double, and home run, was his contribution. In this third inning, Brownie poled a homer, and delighted the fans with a dazzling burst of speed on the bases. Lefty took the same. Waters rubbed it in with another. Rube and Timmie helped the good work along with a double and single, respectively. After that, Rube took several bites out of the ozone. "Timmie had another hit up his sleeve. Both catchers were on their toes all the time. Longy controlled the situation with speed that was terrific. In the second, Dave, of the Plasterers, raised the hopes of his followers by hitting on a clean home run. After that Longy stopped speeding them to him. Toney was there with a couple of hits. Little Dick had a chance to put his team on the right side of the ledger, but was not equal to the emergency. ' Alec clouted for a home run in the sixth. Only once was Longy in danger, that was in the seventh, when Little Dick, Stump, Toney and Felix, hit in succession. The fielding features were the close-to-the-wall catch, by Dave, and Alec's great catch that spoiled a home run, Many good hits were wasted over the street wall. Too many players try at the same time, to field the ball to make the put-out at first; it only results in confusion. Let captain or manager call out the name of the player who should get it. Given a regulation diamond and all these players would put up a star brand of fielding. The score ,6—2 Say, you ardent fan, how would you like to slide on those cobble stones? Don't criticize too harshly. —Rocky