---
author: Timmy
day: '30'
editor: B-2331
id: '127'
image: umpire_1913_031.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
title: Library vs Ninth
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

LIBRARY vs NINTH April 24 The Ninth defeated the Library in the final game of the series, thereby making a clean sweep. Andy, who can play any position on a ball team, took up the pitching end in today's game for a change, and done exceedingly well. He was opposed by Bill, of the Ninth, who held the Librarians helpless. The Library only could put one man across the plate. Jimmy walked, stole second and third, and on Slick's throw to third, to catch him napping, he scored; Slick's throw being wild. The only clean hit by the Library, was a two bagger, by Ollie to left. Lefty, first up for the Ninth, started trouble for Andy by hitting the second ball pitched for the circuit. Cap. hit safe and stole third, and while Walter was getting his breath, Cap. stole home. In the second, Timmy walked, and after several attempts by Andy to catch him off second, threw wild and he landed on third, from which he scored on Yeap's long fly to Eggie. One of the most interesting features of the afternoon was the performance of Slick, who unloaded 250 bushel of potatoes in eight minutes and twenty-two seconds on a bet. Of course, the game was delayed until the potatoes were unloaded, so Jim, the runner on the first block, came to Slick's assistance by taking four potatoes and putting them in his pocket. —Timmy