---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-2331
id: '130'
image: umpire_1913_031.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
title: Plasterers vs Stocking Shed
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PLASTERERS vs STOCKING SHED April 24. The last game today between the above teams was witnessed by a goodly crowd, and brought forth much merriment, and uncertainty reigned throughout until the final inning. ‘The aspiring youngsters, well organized, and under the able directorship of Ducky, held the Plasterers well in hand, and but for a most welcome burst of luck at the right moment, we should now be recording a victory for the Stocking Shed. On no occasion this season, has Dave had to put on his considering cap and get a move on as he had to today, and nobody knows more than he does, how near his team was to defeat. We sympathized with him in his dilemma; he rushed about with a worried look, exhorting his men to stand firm, and be of good cheer under the great strain; because we appreciate that it would have been a severe shock to his team's prestige, if one had been slipped over on them by such a ‘as people erroneously think,) mediocre team as the Stocking Shed. Don't believe it friends, when you hear people speak lightly of these weaker teams; as a matter of fact they are going ere long to surprise the natives. Just imagine what it will mean to Dave with the reputation he has, and the formidable array of sturdy fighters he commands, if he gets caught napping. Certainly he has not a dead head among the whole lot, which goes to show that the Stocking Shed's chances must not be ignored. Ducky was brimming over with satisfaction, and the result did not disparage him perceptibly, for he had put up a great battle. ‘‘Big Find' pitched for the visitors, but retired in favor of the old war horse, who undoubtedly saved the day for them. Tommy pitched for the Stocking Shed in great style, and in passing, we advise him to keep a little better control over his balls and not get so wild ; he is a comer all right. The result was 9—6 and space does not permit of details; so we merely give the men who scored:— Plasterers:—Barber (2), Alec (2), Stump (2); Harry, Tony, Felix. Stocking Shed:—Slim (2), Pete (2); Betts, Toady. One word before closing must be said for young ‘‘Spetts'? Ducky's latest acquisition; he made a splendid catch in the outfield, and threw the ball to home plate with great precision; he also hit a two bagger, as well as several other good plays. He is a promising boy Ducky, and our advice to you is to hold on to him. —Henry