---
title: Cubs Lose to Ninth
author: Timmy
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 14
volume: 2
issue: 9
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_037.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
CUBS LOSE TO NINTH

VOL. 2 NO, 9,

Cubs Made the Ninth Play To Win,
and Put Up a Very Strong Game

The Cubs journeyed over to the Ninth
Block on Monday, with the determina-
tion to do or die—they died; but they
did not pass away quietly. Up to the
fifth or sixth inning they were too live-
ly for the Ninth. When the Cubs ar-
rived on the field, the Ninth thought a
mistake had been made, as quite a few
of the Cubs’ players were on the Stock-
ing Shed last week. Tommy, who piteh-
ed for the Cubs, has tried to beat the

Ninth three times this season, and each

time with a different team. Changes were
rife. The Cubs were changed, and after
playing four or five innings, one of the
Cubs hit a ballin a cell on the first block,
and the Ninth found that the rules had
been changed, allowing the batter a home
run. The umpire, Rabbi, had changed
his shirt, and during the game he chang-
ed his mind and called a Ninth  Block
player out on a foul, thinking it was a
strike. As we mentionedabove, Tommy
was on the mound, and pitched very
good ball. In the first inning the Ninth
put a couple of runs over on some freak
fielding by the Cubs. The Cubs got one
when Butt hit one of Longie’s shoots
over the roof for a home run. Iongie
was in the box for the N inth, and was
invineible, holding the Cubs by the back
of the neck, and giving them no chance
to use their teeth. He also contributed
two hits, one of which was a home run.
The Cubs got their second run, when
Tommy hit on the first block roof, and
the ball bounded into an open sky-light
for a home run. In the last inning,
Slick made a clever steal home. When
Freddie threw the ball to Stewart, Slick
started home. The players hollered
to Stewart, but he turned to the left, and
Slick went by him on his right and slid
into the plate. The hitting was rather
weak on both sides, Longie’s home run
with Slick and Rube’s two baggers, and
Wade's single was about all the Ninth
could get. The Cubs got but two hits,
both homers, but one was of the freak
variety. Bobby and Jack for the Ninth
fielded well, as did Tommy and Charlie,
the first baseman of the Cubz. Final
score was 71—2. —Timmy
