---
author: Henry
day: 14
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_037.jpg
issue: 9
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags:
- basebal
- ESP League
title: Library vs S. Shed
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

LIBRARY vs. S. SHED
Stocking Shed Plays Under
Difficult Circumstances

The above teams bumped into one an-
other today, and as has occurred many
times before, the superiority of batteries
told the tale. It is remarkable that
such a dearth of pitchers continues,
but we are fain to regard this exhibition
as not the true state of affairs; in other
words, we believe that there are twirlers
of the horse hide in this institution, and
if they were sought out a different com-
plexion would de put upon some of the
issues.

It was pitiful to see the frichtful maul-
ing that was administered to the Stock-
ing Shed, and poor Ducky and Stewart
were absolutely non-plused. Pitcher
after pitcher was introduced, and batted
clean out of the box, but the climax
of their troublescame in the third and
fourth innings, when a phenominal
bunch of hits and runs was made, amid
mighty humping.

At this stage of the game a dispute
arose, and for a few minutes foreboded
trouble. It appears that Andy was on
third base, and the base umpire proclaim-
ed him out, but the battery umpire im-
mediately protested against his decision,
and claimed the man safe, and was sus-"
tained.

Now in order that all friction in the
future may be avoided, it should be
made known, and established by the
commission, without the least possible
delay, which of these two umpires is
invested with supreme command when
these ruptures arise, or if both should
act independently of each other.

Our representative, out of respect for
the vanquished, quit before the game
terminated, because he feared that by
staying he would be compelled to ‘‘pile
on the agony.” —Henry