---
title: The Editor's Nightmare
author: J. P. C.
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 14
volume: 2
issue: 9
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_038.jpg
tags:
  -   poetry
  -   printing
layout: item
---
The Editor’s Nightmare

“Pimmie” lay down on the Press room floor,
Having written so much he could write no more
And fell asleep with a troubled brain,
To dream that he rode on the “UMPIRE’S” train.
The engine with ink was red and damp,
And dismally lit with a ‘“9th Block’ lamp
“Big Head,” for fuel, was shoveling ‘“‘quads’
As the engine roared at such fearful odds
“Dragon’s Blood’ filled the boiler near
And “Manager Bert” was the engineer;
The passengers made such a motley crew,

«Pjcas and “capitals,”” ‘“resin’ and “‘glue.”
“Eight-point”’ and “ten-point,’ “wood-cuts” in bags,
Engravings of “Fatty’” and “Jimmy’ and ——Rng

«vellow’ and ‘‘Blackie,”” “Reddy” and ‘White,’
T,ocked all together, a horrible sight.
Faster and faster the engine flew;
Wilder and wilder the country grew;
I,ouder and louder the ‘‘Gordon” crashed
Brighter and brighter the sparks were flashed;
Hotter and hotter the air became,
¢Ti11 the clothes were burned from ‘“Boston’s” frame.
Out of the distance a cry of distress—
<Blink” with his oil-can had broken the Press
But oh, how “Yeap’’ with might and main,
Begged of “Bert’ to stop the train.
But he cappered about and danced in glee,
And laughed and joked at their agony.
‘My faithful friends you have done my work,
So the damage at hand you cannot shirk.
You have roasted the “manager”’ many the time
hen were your chances—now I have mine
“Spook’s” workedin ‘‘zinc” even my face;
““Milton” in satire has given me space.
“Ducky the devil” has in the type lied,
‘" Wooden-head’’ mocked at me in his false pride.
You've paid fullfare, so I carry you through,
For it’s only just that you get your due.
For every laborer is worth his hire,
So I land you safe in my realm ofire.
“Big John” and “Old Joe” will torture yoxl best,
And answer your pleas with their stolid word *Yes.”
Then ‘“I'immy’’ awoke with an awful ery;
His clothes soaked wet and his hair standing high.
And he prayed devoutly, in accents loud
To be saved from “kert’” and The Press Room Crowd
And his crying and praying were not in vain

For he never more rode on the ‘“‘UMPIRE’S train.
