---
title: Raffles Eludes Pursuers
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 14
volume: 2
issue: 9
page: 4
image: umpire_1913_040.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
RAFFLES ELUDES PURSUERS

LEVEN Hundred and Sixty-five
prisoners madly rushed to the cor-

ner of Market and Chestnut Btreets, to
find Raffles. Raffles saw them coming,
and quickly ran to the corner of Chest-
nut and Market Streets, and got away.
Chee-Chaw was wild. A ham was hang-
ing on a hook in front of a butcher shop.
The prize hunters were struck dumb
at Raffles sudden disappearance. He
was now on Ridge Avenue. After a
council of war, it was decided to take the
ham by assault. Des Moines Ike, the
celebrated detective, was sitting in a
quick lunch room, with his back to them,
but he knew what was going on. He
would frustrate their attempt to get that
ham. Ike quickly pulled a dictagraph
from his pocket and said: ‘“Watchu guys
chewin’ de rag about?’ The frenzied
crowd fell back. Raffles, on Broad St.,
laughed. Chee-Chaw, pointing to the
Delaware, said to Ike: ‘‘There goes a
man who threatened to break into the
woods !”7  Des Moines Ike, without los-
ing his watech, ran at full speed toward

‘the river.

The hunters then tore the ham ruth-
lessly from the hook, and took up the
trail again. Raftles joined in the chase.
They went through alleys, pockets and
deserted streets. After following the
trail an hour, they arrived at Market
and Chestnut Streets. In the meantime,
Des Moines Ike was exploring Camden.
Only a lionheart would

The butcher knew the ham was miss-
Did he

No. Only one man

| could solve the mystery, and that was
On hands and knees|§
