---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-2331
id: '152'
image: umpire_1913_035.jpg
issue: '8'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ''
title: 'Library Beat Band: Barely Win Out, as the Band Team is Strengthened Considerably'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

LIBRARY BEAT BAND Barely Win Out, as the Band Team is Strengthened Considerably One of the most interesting and finely played games of the season, was pulled off at the Store House grounds Friday afternoon. From the time the umpire cried, ‘‘ play ball,'' until seven minutes of five, there was always something doing. Yellow was the slab artist for the Library, and was steady with men on bases. Larry, the Band pitcher, deserved a better fate, but some of his misfortune he brought on himself. Until the eighth inning was reached, the score was two to two; and the two runs secured by the Library was a gift from Larry. In the first inning with two down, he had plenty of time to get the batter at first, but threw hard and wild, and the first run crossed over. In the third inning, with one down and a man on second, Larry thinking there were two out, told Big Six to get the man at first, instead of getting the man going home, which caused another run, which goes to show that a player should have his mind on the game. In the fourth, Josh walked, and Big Six hit safe. On Ban's error of Nelse's easy grounder, two runs crossed the plate, tying the score. Both teams then settled down and played fast ball until the last half of the eighth. Lew drove a liner to left, and Yellow hit the roof for three bases, but the umpire only allowed him two. Big Whitey smashed one over the roof fora home run, and Ban made up for his error hitting to the same place for another. The little fellow who plays third for the Band, is some fielder. He is not only a good fielder, but he knows what to do with the ball when he gets it. Josh, excelled at short, and made some very clever stops. Lew also gathered in two difficult flies out in left field. Space will not allow us to go any further, but we will close by saying, both teams played good ball.

Library      1 0 1 0 0 0 1 4—7
Band         0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0—2