---
title: Library Beat Ninth
author: Timmy
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 21
volume: 2
issue: 10
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_041.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
LIBRARY BEAT NINTH

struck out.

The Library Outplayed the Ninth,

Owing to Their Errors

A finely played game was marred, by
the stalling resorted to by the Library
players. They had the Ninth beaten
from the first inning, and it only takes
the credit that rightfully belongs to the
Library away from them. The unfair-
ness of the spectators was manifested at
this game, by urging the Library team
to continue stalling; even the umpire
was luke-warm in trying to stop it, in
fact he did not stop it. However, the
Ninth have no one to blame but them-
selves. They had three different chances
to tie the score, but each batter tried
to make a home run, and, of course,
The Library made but two
hits off of Bill; a home run by Ban, and
Mike’s single, Their two other runs were
due to errors after two hands were out.
Four hits were made off Yellow—three
two baggers and a single. He had them
breaking their necks after a high ball,
trying to put it over the roof. Cap.
made two two baggers, and reached third
each time with none out, and had to
stand there looking at the next three
batters trying to make a home run.
Slick also made a two bagger, and scor-
ed on Cap’s. two bagger. The Ninth
may be a very good team, but they will
never win many games unless they put
aside their individual batting records,
and play more together. — Timmy
