---
author: null
day: 21
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_042.jpg
issue: 10
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags:
- baseball
- ESPO League
title: Cubs vs Ninth
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

CUBS vs NINTH

One of the most deliberate and inten-
tional efforts to injure a player, was dis-
played by Tommy, the Cubs’ pitcher, in
Friday’s game. With a man on third,
the batter bunted and started for first.
The short-stop fielded the ball clean, and
threw it home, forcing the runner at the
plate. Tommy had nothing to do with
the ball at all; he was not anywhere near
the play, but when the runner was run-
ning to first, he deliberately steps in
front of him, braced himself and threw
the runner on his back. This sounds
pretty strong, but nevertheless true; he
knows it’s true; and he knows that we
know it’s true.

This is the second time this gentleman
has done this same trick in the last three
weeks. The man who plays ball in that
frame of mind, should not be allowed to
witness the games, let alone play them.
So let him take heed; for he is likely to
receive a taste of his own medicine.
The game itself was never in doubt, the
Ninth hit Tommy at will. He was hit
harder than the score indicates, but ex-
cellent fielding by his team-mates kept
the score down. Jor, at third, was es-
pecially brilliant, making some wonder-
ful stops at that bag. Longie ‘held the
Cubs hitless, but three men getting on
base, and they received free transporta-
tion, and only one of these reached third.
The Cubs did not hit a ball as far as
second base. Of course, the weather
aided both pitchers considerably, as the
dark clouds made it hard to see the ball.
Yeap led with the stick, getting a home
run and a single. Cap came through
with a home run also. Score 6—0 favor
Ninth.