---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-2331
id: '162'
image: umpire_1913_038.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- proverb
- ' ESP news'
- ' baseball'
- ' ESP League'
- ' opinion'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

There are some hope for the fool, but none for the fellow that knows it all. Many a man has been returned to prison because his wish bone is bigger than his backbone. If some of the fellows here would use the same energy and enthusiasm in trying to live straight as they use in going wrong, the population would be somewhat diminished. You will often hear a fellow say ‘‘ I know I have a bad temper, but it is over within a minute.'' Yes, and it is taking some of us fifteen and twenty years to get over that minute's work. In commemoration of Mother's Day, the King's Daughters distributed flowers to the sick prisoners occupying the Hospital Block. Sweet pea, snow-ball, and other varieties were gladly received. Flowers, the most beautiful creation of the Unseen Hand, awakens of home. memories Why do some players persist in always kicking over every technical decision of the umpire? Is it because they have a reputation as kickers to sustain? Or do they think the spectators are amused at it? As to the latter, decidedly NO! For the past few years, the Ninth were considered habitual ‘‘kickers,'' but this year the Plasterers are endeavoring to annex that title, and from the games played with the Library, they are succeeding to some extent. The Library, too, were not deaf and dumb, and used up valuable time discussing ground rules that should have been arranged before the game. We will admit there are times, when a man cannot help from kicking a little; but why keep it up and delay the game? The players are not the only ones interested in the games. The men who get but one hour a week out of their cells should be considered. Why use up twenty or thirty minutes of their hour in useless argument? They don't come out to hear what you think of the umpire, and from side remarks, our correspondent heard from the spectators, the umpire was a gentleman alongside of some of the players. Why don't the president and managers look around for new umpires? We see the same old faces umpiring games that were umpiring last year, and the year previous. And the players were kicking as hard then as they are now. There are some efficient men umpiring, and some who are not, and those who are not should be replaced. Why not try a player from each team, and let them alternate back of the bat at the end of each inning? But no matter if the umpire is giving you a square deal or vot, it is up to you to give the men from the cells a square deal, by playing ball every minute of the hour which is allowed them. ‘These games are arranged for them as well as for you. Those who are able to play, are out three times a week, and those who but witness the game are out but once. The majority of us are here to expiate a just debt due society, and the officials are trying to make that payment as easy as possible, by allowing us to get away for an hour from our sordid condition; and you players and umpires are also contributing in your own way to lighten the burdens of your fellow-prisoners. So keep on playing, and if the decisions are unjust, you can let the managers correct them after the game. Hits mean runs. Be a good loser. Play ball and don't pose. A ginger snap—Dave B. Ginger is swell motive power. "Honor to whom honor is due.'' ‘Teamwork is the key to success. Umpires, always watch the ball. Don't throw the bail till you get it. Circus stunts Arlie Latham. Many good ball players hidden away, scout for them. Tony could well waste poundage—if the doctor would stand for it. Owing to angle-ground formation, infielders make excusable errors. A losing game is often recovered in the ninth—stick. declined with Everybody gets home in time for supper—what ! Has anyone a slow ball ? Change of pace has great virtue. Notice to managers: Tie the left leg of some of your batters to the plate.