---
title: Exhibition Game
author: Rocky
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 21
volume: 2
issue: 10
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_043.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
EXHIBITION GAME

An exhibition game that caused spec-
tators to bubble over with enthusiasm,
was played between the Ninth and High-
brows—a picked up team that made the
Ninth extend themselves to the limit.
The Ninth had to play just as hard to-
day as they do a scheduled game.

The score of 5-0 in favor of Ninth,
merely demonstrated that u picked up
team embued with vigor, and despite their

lack of practice—could play ball at that.

Jack and Rube formed battery for the
Ninth, and did good work. Only two
hits were made oft Jack--some pitching.
Stoney singled and Jim., doubled.. Con-
nolly and Butler are vicious hitters.
Great fielding by Cap. and Lefiy,
stopped their heavy hitting that surely
meant home runs. Base ball breaks cut
ice in every gane.

Flohr piteched and Connolly caught him
in a manner that was unsurpassable.
Only five hits were made off Flohr. But-
ler played his position in gilt-edged style.
Johnnie guarded the keystone sack in
good shape. A little training would
make this Literary society a dangerous
factor. Connolly and Butler could re-
juvenate a team like the Bandits. Tim-
mie walked and advanced on Rube’s
slashing hit. Slick hit short and Con-
nolly started a lightning double-play.
In second, Longy lived up to his repu-
tation by clouting for the circuit. Jack
and Cap. doubled, and Slick hit. Lefty
made a brilliant catch close to yard wall.
Fielding of Cap, and Connolly’s great
catching featured the game.

Mr. Smith, umpire-in-chief, showed
good judgment on balls and strikes.
His raucous ‘*Tim Hurst’’ could be heard
a mile. The base umpire enjoyed the
game. Jingles has the happy faculty of
amusing spectators, whether it be base
ball or poetry.

Unfortunately, Jingles was hit on the
mouth by a ball that was indiscriminate-
ly thrown by some one practising for
fun. ‘This dangerous practice should be
stopped. Play catch somewhere else
and don’t interfere with players in the
game. Connolly and Butler would
strengthen any team in the league.
Flohr also. —Rocky.
