---
author: Rocky
day: 21
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_044.jpg
issue: 10
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 4
tags:
- baseball
- ESP League
title: Cubs vs Ninth
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

CUBS vs NINTH

Spectators saw a pitchers battle that
had whiskers on. It was Tommy, Cubs,
and Yeap, Ninth. Cubs got five hits off
the latter.

Tommy dished up four hits. This
game fairly oozed ginger. It was the
kind of a game that grandpa tells the
little ones who gather round him. The
heavy hitting champions were as putty
in the hands of Tommy.

With great support of his teammates,
Tommy had the distinction, and was in-
strumental in pulling the Ninth from the
front seat. He was the quintessence of
coolness when runners were on the bases.
Betts was the only Cub to hit until the
fourth inning, when Freddie straightened
out one of Yeap’s left handed out-curves
for a home-run. In sixth, Tommy hit
one a mile over domiciles, but Lefty’s
sensational catch made it worthless.
Freddy followed with another screamer
that Lefty, by good fielding, only stood
for a double. Butler and Jor’s hits
brought the score up to 4. That proved
to be enough.

In seventh, Longie atepped into the
breach, and mowed down the remaining
nine. He cut loose some Walter John-
sonese stuff that was almost invisible,
but it was too late. :

The Ninth fielded just ag snappy as
the Cubs. I should have said the Cubs
fielded as well as Ninth did. Jack play-
ed first in style. One run for Ninth,
when Slick put the ‘K. O.”” on one of
Tommy’s fast ones. ITongie hit safe in
same inning. No more hitting until the
seventh, when Cap tore off a triple and
scored on Jack’s sizzling hit. Rube bat-
ted for Wade without avail. Batting
work of both teams first class. Every-
body played good ball.

Tommy and Freddie have a natural
free hitting style, that other batters
should emulate.

Denver Eddie’s umpiring was of major
league quality. His assistant fell asleep
at the switch several times.

Keep up the good work, Cubs, and
the two top teams will not always make
a running race to the gonpalon. Keep
it up and force their weight to bring
them back to you. —Rocky.