---
title: Plasterers vs Band
author: Henry
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 21
volume: 2
issue: 10
page: 4
image: umpire_1913_044.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
PLASTERERS vs BAND

Mankind is fickle, and after witness-
ing today’s game between the above teams

none other than those persons who from

personal experience can bear testimony
to the fact, that certain players in the
league, at times when they feel disposed,
play mean tricks and shabby ball, would
believe it possible. Not one ripple of dis-
content appeared upon the ocean of good
humor, and all went glimmering as merry
as wedding bells.

Both teams put up a good game, but
the Plasterers were not content by win-
ning the game by a decent margin, for
from all appearances they were out for
stern  athletics and on annihilation
intent.

The Band opened the ball with two
runs in the second inning, but they were
unable to pile up any more runs, where-
as the Plasterers’ score ran into the teens,
and unmercifully did they jab the sphere.

Like several other teams, the Band is
sadly in want of pitchers, although to do
him justice, Herman tried his best, and
put up a good battle.

‘We noticed Dave’s recent acquisition,
(6445), who bids fair to become a player
of some note, make a first rate catch of
an outfield fly, and a hit and run in
professional style. Curly pitched in his
usual form, and incidentally we observed
old time friend Ollie, whiff the air thrice
in as many innings, and cause much
amusement. We are inclined to think
that he judged himself to be somewhat
harshly treated, but as a matter of fact
the ball cleft the plate every time, and
when we state, that our famous and im-
partial umpire ‘“The Rabbi’’ was offi-
ciating behind the bat, then everybody
has a right to infer, and it should go
without saying, that it represented a
square deal allround. Several boundary
licks were made, and altogether a very
pleasant hour was enjoyed. —Henry.
