---
title: Cubs Beat Library
author: Henry
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 28
volume: 2
issue: 11
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_045.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
CUBS BEAT LIBRARY

In a Very fine Galn_(a_:That Was Not
Marred by Arguments

Monday May 26.
here seems to be no reason to doubt
Tthat certain teams are begining to
lose heart and have abandoned all

hopes of getting into the front rank
of our Base Ball League, inasmuch as,
when an interesting game is in progress
on some other grounds, their line up is
quickly decimated. The Library ranks
were hopelessly depletely to-day, which
left them entirely at ‘the mercy of the
Cubs, who used their strongest line up
and literally wiped the earth up with,
and annihilated them, which brought
about an ignominious shut out. Pomp
was quite off color, and discouraged,
and little wonder at it, because he knew
that his support was absent; lounging
about and basking in the sunshine at
the Ninth and Plasterer’s game.

The Cubs took advantage of the situ-
ation and waged the battle fast and fur-
ious.

Herb and Freddy scored in 1st inning;
latter Woody got to third as did Freddy
and both faded; Bett’s scored on third
baseman’s error; Charley scored on But-
lers two bagger, who was caught steal-
ing third; Woody made a boundary luck;
Betts hit two bagger and scored on error
and in the last inning Herb and Freddy
by tremendous dashes, clinched the issue
by adding two more runs to the score.
~ Tommy pitched and incidentally we
observed him hit four men.

The Library, had plenty of hitsand as
a matter of fact got many bases, and on
two occasions when three men were on
base and one out, the anxiously looked
for hit did not materalize.

In the fourth Jimmy passed and was
caught stealing by Freddie’s lightening
catch, and throw to third. Beef Trust
‘converted himself on occasion into a
most lucious sandwich between third and
Home. It is hoped on Wednesday, to
see the Library atone for todays most
distressing and severe defeat. — Henry.
