---
author: Mitch
day: 28
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_045.jpg
issue: 11
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags:
- baseball
- ESP League
title: Tail Enders Tie
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

TAIL ENDERS TIE

Band and the?(_)_—mc—king Shed Play
Lively Ball

The Band tuned up to high C Mon-
day afternoon in its contest with Stock-
Shed, and it was oaly for the lack of a
‘“‘pinch’’ batter in their last of the sixth,
that prevented victory from perching on
their big bass viol. As it was they suc-
ceeded in making it a tie game.

The Stocking Shed used two south-
paw artists on the slab, in the persons of
Spitz and Floyd whose erratic curves
were handled by Harry, while Owens
and Larry were in the Band box, and
with the exception of the second inning
did creditable work.

In the first, Harry for the Shed, was
given his base, stole second and third,
coming home on Billies hit. Josh was
the only man to reach® third, where he
died, for the Band. Then the Shed woke
up and Owens blew up. Fingers, Bob,
Spitz and Harry, banging out 3 two bag-
gers, and 1 triple, netting 3 runs, before
they tired. Spitz then grew wild, giv-
ing Johnson and the Poet a little walk,
which only terminated at the plate when
Owens whacked a hit for two bags, but
who was caught stealing third.

In the fifth, the boys from the Shed
landed three hits, but failed to score.
Then Owens of the Band walked and
Josh running for him, stole second and
third, coming in on Johnson’s single.
The latter stole second and in attempt-
ing to make third on Julius’ single, both
were out on a double play.

Fingers belted out a two bagger in the
sixth, stole third and raced home on
Floyd’s hit. Score now stood 5—3 in
favor of the Shed and then the Band
played. With two down, the Poet got
in a single, stole the next two bases, and
brought up at the plate by Slim’s hit,
who also scored by Owens’ single. Josh
who was running for thelatter had stolen
around to third and only needed a little
hit to come home with the bacon. But

the next man up was not equal to the
occasion and poor Josh was left gasping
at third with the score 5—5.

Mitch.