---
title: 
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 28
volume: 2
issue: 11
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_046.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
  - gossip
  - advice
layout: item
---
There is no desire to inflict unnec:
essary pain upon anyone through the pub-
lication of adverse criticism in these col-
umns. At the same time, it must be
borne in mind that the UmMpIrRE does not
represent anyone man or set of men,
but in performing its functions aims to
be fair and acceptable to its entire num-
ber of readers.

Therefore, it feels entirely jﬁstiﬁed in
calling attention to, and bestowing cen-
sure upon anyone who threatens to
curtail the amusements and privileges
of our own little community and for the
same reason will always be glad to give
full eredit and even glory to those who
have rightly deserved it.

It is in this connection that attention
is called to the conduct of “‘Jimmy ”’
manager of the Library, during its con-
test with the Ninth on Friday afternoon.

It is assumed that ¢ Jimmy '’ was
honest in his belief that his own con-
struction of the rule regarding ‘‘blocked
balls’”’ was correct, and that he was
within his rights when he protested, but
when he withdrew his men from the
field when the decision went against him
he committed an act that was a direct
affront to the players and more than a
hundred men from the *‘Blocks’” who
were interested spectators. It was an
act, the consummation of which meant,
the curtailment of a great privilege one
of similar, which if persisted in must
inevitably lead to the abolishment of the
League. It requiresno greatdiscernment
to anticipate the action of the Warden.
if this sort of ‘‘baby play’’ is continued,
and certainly would be a grave mistake
to allow the faults of a few to detract from
the privileges of so many,

One of the governing attributes of a
manly man is his consideration of the
comfort and pleasures of others. Let it
be hoped that ‘‘“Jimmy’’ knows this and
in the future will act accordingly.

Bill, Shea short-stop, bid goodbye to
his batting slump by smashing Curly
for a home run. Keep it up!
