---
author: J. P. C.
day: 28
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_046.jpg
issue: 11
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags:
- baseball
- ESP League
- poetry
title: Library vs Ninth
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

Library us Niuth

The outlook sure was dismal for the Library
team that day,

With the score at one to nothing and five

minutes left to play;

So when ‘‘Longie” died at second, and ‘‘Cap”
did the same,

The Library ‘I'eam was jubilant at chance to
win the game.

The other Blocks were Jeaving, for they thought
the Library won,
The Library by their playing had them stop-
ped without a run,
Then a youth, by name McKenty, came to bat
and toed the plate,
His wary eye was gleaming and his batting
poise was great.

But ‘“‘Eddy’’ who was umpire, recalled an error
grave,
In giving “‘Bill”’ precedence over ‘‘Lefty”
and o’er ‘“Wade,”
So in the Ninth Block corner a death-like sil-
ence saft,
There seemed but little chances of <Bill”
getting to the bat. :

But “Wade”’ let drive a ‘‘single,’’ to the wond-
erment of all,
And the much despised ¢ Lefty”” ‘‘tore the
cover off the ball,’
And when the dust had lifted, and they saw
what had occurred,
There was ‘‘Lefty” safe at second, and
“Wade’’ a hugging third.

Then from the Ninth Block multitudes went up
a joyous yell,
It rambled in the Store House; it sounded
long and well;
It struck upon the Fifth Block and rebounded
on the flat,
For “‘William J. McKenty”’ was advancing
to the bat

There was ease in ‘‘William’s” manner as he
stepped into his place, :
There was pride in “William’s”’ bearing and
a smile on ‘“William’s’’ face
And when responding to the cheers he lightly
doffed his hat, :
There was no doubting who it was, for “Bill’’
was at the bat.

Two hundred eyes were on him as he rubbed
his hands with dirt,
One hundred kands applauded when he wip-
ed them on his shirt;
And when the ILibrary’s pitcher ground the
ball into his hip,
Defiance gleamed in ¢ William’s’’ eyes, a sneer
curled ‘‘William's’’ lip.

And now the white tape-covered sphere came
hurling thro’ the air,
And ‘“William stood a-watching it in mighty
grandeur there;
Close by the little Latsman the ball unheeded
sped—
‘““That ain’t my style,”” said ‘‘William.”
“Strike one !”” then ‘‘Eddy’’ said.

From the crowded lines of ‘‘inmates” there
went up a mighty brawl,
Like the beating of a storm wave on the
“Fair-mount Avenue wall;”’
““Chase him? chase the umpire I”’
someone from the ‘“‘Band,”
And it’s likely he’d had ‘‘Klondike had mnot
““William’’ raised his hand.

shouted

With a smile of Christian charity ‘‘McKenty’s”
visage shown,
He stilled the rising tumult, he bade the
game go on;
He singled to the pitcher, and once more the
spheroid flew,
But “William” still ignored it, and then
“Eddy”’ said, ‘‘Strike two!’’

«Praud!”’ yelled the maddened Ninth Block,
and the echo answered ‘‘Fraud!’
But one scornful look from ‘‘William” and
the audience was awed;
They saw his face erow cold and steru, they
saw his muscles strain, /
And they knew that he would’nt let that
ball go by again.

The sneer is gone from “Willjam’s’’ lips, his
teeth are clenched in hate
He pounds with cruel vengeance his bat up-
on the plate;
And now the pitcher holds the ball, and now
he lets it go,
And now the air is shattered by the force of
“William’s’’ blow.

Oh, somewhere here in ‘“‘Cherry Hill” the sun
is shining bright,
The “Band” is playing somewhere, and some-
where hearts are light;
And somewhere men are laughing, and some-
where others shout,
But gloom is on the Ninth Block—‘‘McKen-
ty’’ has struck out.
—J. P. C.