---
author: Henry
day: 28
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_047.jpg
issue: 11
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags:
- baseball
- ESP League
title: Stocking Shed Tie Plasterers
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

STOCKING SHED TIE PLASTERERS
May 23. T s T

Coals to the right of them, coals to the
left of them, coals in front of them; coals
those eternal coals. This was the cause
“of theabove game being delayed for fully
15 minutes, and it was actually 4:20 be-
fore the game got fairly under way. We
confess we thought then, that it would
be better to postpone the game.

On account of these continual inter-
ruptions by coal-wagons, not the slight-
est interest seemed to be displayed by
either team, and incidentally we noticed
our Harry who, to while away a little
time, was entertaining a few of his friends
with a little comic opera. Ollie and
Alec were indulging in a friendly bout
of wrestling, and from general appear-
ances, the whole concourse was bent on
diversion rather than strict base-ball.
Little did we guess, at this stage, that,
very speedily, the game was to assume
an entirely different aspect, and that we
were in for one of the best games of the
season.

For the Plasterers’” Stump made the
running, by jabbing the horsehide for a
home run and Alec quickly scored on an
error. In 3rd inning Stump hit a ball
but shot his bolt in trying to make it a
triple, and Felix got to 3rd and faded.
In the 5th Dave was in sore distress
and quickly sent out his famous ““C Q D"’
signal in the very nick of time. It was
promptly answered and with their com-
bined effort, in the very last stride man-
aged to catch up and make a tie of it.
The credit must go to Alex and Dave
who both scored. Ollie got to 3rd and
although he made a tremendous bid for
victory by a splendid dash for home; he
was nabbed at the plate. Curley offici-
ated on the hill in his old time incom-
parable style, and still remains the won-
der of the age.

~With regards to the Stocking Shed we

_start right out by handing it to Duckey.
He pitched gilt edge ball, and at the
finish was literally great. His eye was
keener, and lis nerve steadier than ever
before, and but for the merest chance
his team would have won to-days game.

Don’t despair Ducky! you are there
with the goods, and you have a good
team behind you. Nothing transpired

for their good until the 4th inning when
Bob tripled and scored; Jack got to 3rd
but was caught napping. In the 5th

they bunched 3 runs which placed them

in an enviable position. That consistent
little player Spetz, getting home, and
Duckey ditto; while Bill walloped a ball
for a home run. At this stage, it ap-
peared a cast iron certainty for Duckey’s
team, but they were destined to be dis-
appointed. However, the game ended
as we have said, in a tie 4—4, and when
they meet again, no one will censure us
for saying, go in Duckey and win.

Before concluding we wish to point
out that it displays very bad taste to as-
sail the score-keeper as certain of our
friends did today. Remember, these
men devote their whole time to making
analysis and keeping scores, and should
be respected. This time we will let the
matter pass without mentioning the of-
fenders names, for we are convinced this
warning is sufficiently salutary.

Lippy umpired in a very able manner,
and we exhort him to keep himself under
control at all times under any trying
circumstances that may arise. —Henry.