---
author: null
day: 28
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_047.jpg
issue: 11
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags:
- baseball
- ESP League
title: Cubs Clean-up for Band
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

CUBS CLEAN-UP FOR BAND
May 21

Despite the apparent one sided score
there was an interesting game of ball on
the store House grounds on Monday af-
ternoon when the Lions whelps met and
defeated the Wind-jammers in a seven
inning contest by the score of 9-2.

While the Band was hopelessly out-
classed, there was nothing in their de-
portment to denote it as they played to
win at every stage of the game. Many of
their costly errors being due to lack of
proper team work and of course a weak-
ness in the box.

Owens pitches pretty good ball for
about three innings, which appears to be
his limit, and with anything like fair
support, would make a much better
showing.

In Monday’s game he was taken out
in the fifth inning at his own request,
and Smith was put in to be slaughtered.
The Cubs batted him so hard, that he
lost his head entirely and it was a toss-
up if he could rightly distinguish the
plate from second-base. Tommy for the
Cubs played good ball and held the Mu-
sicians down to less then seven hits,
Rob being the only man to make a two-
bagger off of this delivery. The game
was devoid of excitment and ‘‘Kickers,”’
Indeed it was very much of an affair
like ‘‘after you, my dear Alphonse,”’
which probably accounts for its running
seven innings.

John Henry officiated behind the
catcher in the latest 1913 mode to the
gratification of both the players and the
crowd, which is certainly strong com-
mendation. If Ban Jonson or Thomas
Lynch ever hear of his work they will
be after him with a net.