---
title: Reaping Rewards for Resolutions
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: May
day: 28
volume: 2
issue: 11
page: 4
image: umpire_1913_048.jpg
tags:
  - filler
  - advice
  - baseball
layout: item
---
REAPING REWARDS
FOR RESOLUTIONS

Do you Remember That Old Story
about Robert Bruce and the Spider?
Robert was Hiding in a Cave. His
Enemies Had Him ‘“ In The Hole,”’
Temporarily, So to Speak, As It Were.
‘While Reflecting on the Rocky Road to
Royalty, Robert the Bruce Espied a
Spider Spinning His Web Over the En-
trance to the Cavern. Nine Times Did
the Spider Swing Across the Opening in
a Vain Attempt to Effect a landing, but
the Tenth Time he Touched the Home
Plate, and Robert, Admiring the Persist-
ence of the Insect, Cried Out Loud —
‘“Bravo,”” Two or Three Times, One
Right After the Other. Shortly After
That Bruce Got Busy and Captured a
Kingdom.

All of This Preamble is Intended to
Point a Moral,which is—*‘If At First
You Don’t Succed, Slap On More Steam,
and Sand the Track.”’

In This Connection I want to Inquire
about Your New Year’s Resolutions,
and to Ask If You Have Kept the Faith,
and If Not—Why Not? I Believe the
Pathway to Prosperity is Paved with
Good Resolutions. Therefore, let Us
Resolve, and Keep Resolving until Vie-
tory is Perched on our Banners. Re-
member, You Have Fought Many a Vie-
torious Waterloo that the World Knows
Nothing About. The Man who GCets
Up every Time He Falls Down Will
Some Day Cease to bea ‘“Fall Guy’’
Good Resolutions Will Be Rewarded

with Rich Realizations, and It Shall
Follow as the Night the Day.
