---
author: Timmy
day: '21'
editor: B-2331
id: '195'
image: umpire_1913_043.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' catcher'
title: Some Inside Base Ball By An Out-Sider
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

SOME INSIDE BASE BALL BY AN OUTSIDER After many fruitless attempts to interview Mr. Connolly, the clever catcher of the Amanuensis team, our correspondent's efforts were at last crowned with success. As we entered the office, we noticed this great catcher standing at a desk, which was loaded with books of all description. He had a daybook in his left hand, and pen behind each ear. With his right hand, (the one which is such a terror to base stealers), he had an enormous ledger, in which he was adding up large columns of figures, and at the same time explaining to a companion, why "Chief" Myers of the New York Giants never will be a successful catcher. In a lucid and exhaustive manner, he told how Myers would not be able to meet the requirements; and this, coming from the peer of them all, was, to say the least, interesting. Upon looking around, and seeing a stranger, he became absorbed in his work. When we told him of our errand, he said, ‘I do not desire to talk for publication.'' But when we told him in what regard the readers of the Umpire held him, he reluctantly consented to answer a few questions. The first question put to him, and the one that hundreds of fans here are discussing, was this: ‘In the third inning of Tuesday's game, with three and two on Slick,'' what did you ask for, that allowed ‘‘Slick'' to hit for three bases???' He replied: ‘‘The success that I have achieved as a catcher, has been the result of a systematic study of the batter. I noticed when ‘‘Slick'' came to the bat in the first inning, that he was a free hitter. Now Mr. Flohr, by following my instructions, has been very successful against these kind of hitters in this way. His out-drop, the batter as a rule, hits for home run, and his in-drop generally goes for three bases, of course, I choosed the latter. Mr. Connolly thinks that Slay, their 250 pound right fielder, is one of the best in the business. He said, ‘‘If Slay would lie down out in right field, he would cover more ground than any other man now playing that position."' —Timmy.