---
author: Mitch
day: 28
editor: B2331
image: umpire_1913_048.jpg
issue: 11
layout: item
month: May
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 4
tags:
- ESP League
- baseball
title: Ninth Outplays Library
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

NINTH OUTPLAYS LIBRARY

May 23

The game between the Ninth and the
Library on Friday afternoon went for
five innings and resulted in a victory for
the former by the score 7—2.

TLongie and Slick formed the battery
for the Ninth while the Library boys,
for a contrast, presented a color scheme
in Yellow and White(y). :

Eddie, all the way from Denver, es-
sayed the difficult task of refereeing the
bout.

Rube, Ban and Lefty distinguish-
ed themselves at the bat, the two former
by home runs, and the latter by a three
bagger.

There was only one little kick coming.
It was relative to the statusofa blocked
ball, which was subsequently allowed,
but, the debate was of such length that
it consumed the time necessary for full
six innings. The event iIs summarized,
without the ‘‘kick.”’ s

For the Library, Jimmy and Mike,
both caught at first; Reedy fouled out.
Ninth led with a single by Lefty who
was driven home by Rube’s two bagger,
converted into a home run by a wild
throw. Next three men up failed to
land.

In the second, Whitey of the Library
fanned, Ban earned his sobriquet by
belting out a well earned home run and
Eggy passed, stole second where he died,
as the next two men failed at the bat.
In their half, the Ninth, Brownie, fan-
ned, Yeap took first and Wade fouled
out; Lefty smashed out a triple, bring-
ing in Yeap and scoring on Slick’s sin.
gle; Cap. struck out.

Jimmy walked, stole second and came
home on a passed ball. The other three
men struck out.

Yellow got in his work in the Ninth’s
half when the first three men to face
him, retired.

Longie retaliated in the next inning
when the Librarians emulated the ex-
ample of their rivals.

The first two men of the Ninth never
reached first, but [ efty waited and was
given his base; then Rube hit out a soul
crushing smash for a home run, chasing
Lefty in before him. TLongie struck out
leaving Slick to die at third.

In the fifth inning only three men of
each team faced the pitchers, and they
went out in regular order —Mitech