---
title: Shed Shut Out
author: Rocky
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B2331
year: 1913
month: June
day: 4
volume: 2
issue: 12
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_049.jpg
tags:
  - ESP League
  - baseball
layout: item
---
SHED SHUT OUT

One Sided Game Boosts the Ninth’s
Percentage.

ig Jack was game enough to make

his debut as a pitcher before one of

the two hardest hitting teams in the
league, and suffered a set-back owing to
lack of practice. Brownie opened fes-
tivities by singling but was caught steal-
ing second. Rube walked and Lefty
did the same. Then Cap, with a mighty
wallop, cleaned up with a home run.
Jack walked and scored on a wild throw
after stealing third. In second inning,
Brownie and Rube were passed again,
and Lefty, a most vicious hitter, sent
the sphere sailing skyward, so sudden
and far, that it must be going yet.
- It was another clean up clout for
the circuit. Then Ducky, who would
be a winning pitcher behind a hitting
team, relieved Jack, who went
to second and played the position well.
In the third, Brownie walked and scored
on Rube’s slashing double. In fourth,
Augie walked and scored on Jack's
thrilling triple. Longie’s sacrifice bunt
‘scored Jack.

The Shed could do nothing with [ongy.
Spitts was the only one to hit safely,
but he died in his tracks. Ducky pitch-
ed fine ball, but without hits, no team

- ‘can win.

Bill and Rube relieved Longy and
Augie in the fifth.

Home runs, Cap and Lefty; triples,
Jack; doubles, Rube. Struck out by
Longy, 13; Ducky, 4. Score, Ninth
10, Shed 0. Umpires Lippy and Happy.

— Rocky.
