---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-2331
id: '199'
image: umpire_1913_043.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
title: Exhibition Game
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

EXHIBITION GAME An exhibition game that caused spectators to bubble over with enthusiasm, was played between the Ninth and Highbrows—a picked up team that made the Ninth extend themselves to the limit. The Ninth had to play just as hard today as they do a scheduled game. The score of 5-0 in favor of Ninth, merely demonstrated that u picked up team imbued with vigor, and despite their lack of practice—could play ball at that. Jack and Rube formed battery for the Ninth, and did good work. Only two hits were made off Jack--some pitching. Stoney singled and Jim., doubled. Connolly and Butler are vicious hitters. Great fielding by Cap. and Lefty, stopped their heavy hitting that surely meant home runs. Baseball breaks cut ice in every game. Flohr pitched and Connolly caught him in a manner that was unsurpassable. Only five hits were made off Flohr. Butler played his position in gilt-edged style. Johnnie guarded the keystone sack in good shape. A little training would make this Literary society a dangerous factor. Connolly and Butler could rejuvenate a team like the Bandits. Timmie walked and advanced on Rube's slashing hit. Slick hit short and Connolly started a lightning double-play. In second, Longy lived up to his reputation by clouting for the circuit. Jack and Cap. doubled, and Slick hit. Lefty made a brilliant catch close to yard wall. Fielding of Cap, and Connolly's great catching featured the game. Mr. Smith, umpire-in-chief, showed good judgment on balls and strikes. His raucous ‘Tim Hurst'? could be heard a mile. The base umpire enjoyed the game. Jingles has the happy faculty of amusing spectators, whether it be base bail or poetry. Unfortunately, Jingles was hit on the mouth by a ball that was indiscriminately thrown by someone practicing for fun. This dangerous practice should be stopped. Play catch somewhere else and don't interfere with players in the Connolly and Butler would in the league. Flohr also. —Rocky.