---
title: Big Time in the Cubs Camp Win Two From Plasterers
author: Henry
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: June
day: 11
volume: 2
issue: 13
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_053.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
BIG TIME IN THE CUBS CAMP
WIN TWO FROM PLASTERERS

Closing Mid-Season Games Arouse Great Interest,

Leaders Give

Splendid Exhibitions of Ball Playing

June 4.

With the game standing 3--3 in the
last half of the eighth inning and only
two minutes of the hour remaining,
Freddie of the Cubs put his whole weight
on the bat, smashed out a fly to the
south wall and came romping home with
the winning run amid a scene of excite-
ment that has not been equalled in any
of the games here.

It was a magnificient game, abound-
ing in sensational plays and perfect team

work. Jore for the Cubs played wonder-
ful ball, acceptirg every chance and mak-
ing eleven assists. Three times did he
make side-running stops of hits that un-
der almost any other player would have
been safe, while he was equally as good
at the bat; banging out a three base hit,
and run in the second. Tommy was hit
freely; they were invariably short infield
hits, quickly handled and of no avail
against Jore and Woody. Kvery man
played bang-up base ball.

Curly, the invincible, pitched in his
usual good form, but the Cubs found
him at the opportune moment and he re-
. tired in disgust after Freddie hit him
for a home run. Stump made his first
appearance behind the bat for the Plas-
terers and ‘‘made good,’”’ bringing in the
first run of the game. Timmy (No. 2)
made a beautiful drive that would have
been a ‘*homer’’had he notfell at second.
As it was he recovered himself quick
enough to reach third and was brought
home by the Kid's single. '

No better exhibition of ball playing

could have been made, and certainly the
spectators had a good run for their money
What! The only John Henry, and
Denver Eddie were the umpires and—

did good work. — Mitch.
June 6. 5 ?
‘“And everybody, said quoth he,”’
‘It was a famous victory.”
Great! Splendid! Magnificent! Use

which you like of these adjectives,
apply it to the above game, and you have
the whole thing in a nut-shell.

Why is the UmPIRE not larger? Then
we could do these two teams justice.
Pray, don’t get sore at us boys, if your
good plays are sometimes omitted, for
our paper is not spacious enough to re-
cord, in one issue, the commendation
you deserve.

How are the mighty fallen? What!
is it possible that the champions were
shut out by those terrible Cubs? VYea,
yea! -

Not even that rising prodigy, Tommy,
who fought and won a tremendous vic-
tory, and earned unqualified praise, dare
raise the voice of condemnation, but on
the contrary let him be thankful that

| the fates were with his team today. His

support wag peerless; and Jordon who
played 3rd base professionally; Freddie,
catcher, and the outfielders shone con-
spicuously.

The quickest execution we have seen
in a long while, was performed by the
Cub’s redoubtable battery, in catching
Curley two feet from home plate.

Stew opened fire, and scored the first

PRICELESS

run. Jor in quick succession, jabbed
the sphere for a circle, moving like a
race horse. Freddie, Herb and Woody
negotiated their quota of bases, but
could not convert them into runs.

The Plasterers played in their usual
style, but the fates frowned on them.

In the 2nd inning an irreparable cala-
mity assailed them, from which they
never recovered. With much regret we
have to record that Andy met with an
accident which will incapacitate him for
some time, and thus reduce their strength
considerably. Stump that efficient 2nd
baseman then assumed the mask, and
this enforced change of front spelt dis-
aster, and proved ‘the beginning of the
end. We firmly believe, but for this
accident, we should now be writing an-
other tale.

What’s the score? said Dave. 2-0 in
favor of the Cubs, said a bystander. Gee
whiz! said Dave; but we’ll get ’em yet.
But it never came to pass, although they
fought and died like only heroe’s can.

Alex scored in the last incomplete in-
ning, which counted nil. Marty was
active and caught several balls well.
Andy, Ollie, Tony and Felix got on bases
but no further. The game concluded
as it is written above. The lagt we saw
of the ‘‘old champion’’ was when he was
wending his way toward the surgery,
with a bleeding leg, brought about by
contact with cement or granite. How-
ever, alls well that ends well, and we
hope to see Dave and the other invalids
in the field next time, recuperated, rein-
forced, and ready to fight it out to a
finish. —Henry
