---
title: Mother
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: June
day: 11
volume: 2
issue: 13
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_054.jpg
tags:
  - advice
layout: item
---
Mother

Could we but realize beforehand the mean-
ing the following lines convey, how much
happier we could make mother’s life.

It may be you have noticed a
careworn look upon her face lately. Of course
it has not been brought there by any act of
yours; still it is your duty to chase it away.
Would it not be a happy surprise to her if you
should occasionally bid her sit down and rest
while you performed the arduous duties in hand?
And how a tender kiss will cause her dear face
to brighten. Anyway you owe her a kiss or two.
Away back, when you were a little bit of a girl
she kissed you when no one else was tempted
by your fever tainted breath and swollen face.
You were not so attractive then as you are now.
And through those years of childish sunshine
and shadows, she was always ready to cure by
the magic of mother’s kiss, your little dirty,
chubby hands whenever they were injured in
the first skirmishes with the rough old world.

And then the midnight kiss with which she
routed so many bad dreams as she leanedabove
your restless pillow, have all been on interest
these long, long years.

Of course she is not so pretty and kissable
as you are; but if you had done your share of
the work during the last ten years, the contrast
would not be so marked.

Her face has more wrinkles than yours, and
yet if you were sick that face would appear far
more beautiful than an angel’s as it hovered
over you watching every opportunity to minis-
ter to your comfort, and everv one of these
wrinkles seem to be bright wavelets of sun-
shine chasing each other over the dear face.

She will leave you one of these days. These

@ould we but realize before hand the mean-

\burdens, if not lifted from her shoulders, will

break her down. Those rough, hard hands
that haved one so many necessary things for
you, will be crossed upon her lifeless breast.

Those neglected lips that gave you your first
baby kiss will be forever closed, and those sad,
tired eyes will have opened on eternity, and
then you will appreciate your mother; but it
will be too late.
