---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-2331
id: '222'
image: umpire_1913_047.jpg
issue: '11'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Cubs Clean-Up For Band
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

CUBS CLEAN-UP FOR BAND May 21 Despite the apparent one sided score there was an interesting game of ball on the store House grounds on Monday afternoon when the Lions whelps met and defeated the Wind-jammers in a seven inning contest by the score of 9-2. While the Band was hopelessly outclassed, there was nothing in their deportment to denote it as they played to win at every stage of the game. Many of their costly errors being due to lack of proper team work and of course a weakness in the box. Owens pitches pretty good ball for about three innings, which appears to be his limit, and with anything like fair support, would make a much better showing. In Monday's game he was taken out in the fifth inning at his own request, and Smith was put in to be slaughtered. ‘The Cubs batted him so hard, that he lost his head entirely and it was a tossup if he could rightly distinguish the plate from second-base. Tommy for the Cubs played good ball and held the Musicians down to less then seven hits, Rob being the only man to make a two bagger off of this delivery. The game was devoid of excitement and ‘‘Kickers,'' Indeed it was very much of an affair like ‘‘after you, my dear Alphonse,"' which probably accounts for its running seven innings. John Henry officiated behind the catcher in the latest 1913 mode to the gratification of both the players and the crowd, which is certainly strong commendation. If Ban Jonson or Thomas Lynch ever hear of his work they will be after him with a net.