---
title: A Bitter Struggle
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: June
day: 11
volume: 2
issue: 13
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_055.jpg
tags:
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
A BITTER STRUGGLE

June 5

The same bitterness that has marked
the struggles of the Plasterers and the
Ninth for supremacy in the E. S. P.
League since the beginning of the sea-
son was in evidence to-day, and while
the Ninth had a lead of two runs in their
half of the sixth, the Plasterers came up
smiling in their turn and wopped out
three runs, and the game.

Both Curly and ILongie, were perfectly
supported and pitched professional ball
until the sixth, when they weakened.

Up to this time it was an even break,
with even money offered and
takers. The game in detail follows:

First:—Ninth—Brownie and Lefty hit
out; Rube struck out.

Plasterers—Frankie, Stump, and Tony
went out the same way.

Second-—Ninth—Cap struck out, Augie
walked. Jack and Longie each flied to
Felix, who was eagerly waiting.

Plasterers—Felix hit out; Barber
singled, stole second and came home on
Andy’s hit. Curly hit, stole second but
was left on third as Dick and Fats both
struck out. 1 run

Third—Ninth—Chef sent a beautiful
fly to Fats, who got it. Yeap did the
same for Felix, who got his. Brownie
walked, stole around to third where he
died owing to Timmie’s high fly being
grabbed by Frankie.

Plasterers—Frankie singled, but, could
do no better than make third as Stump,
Tony and Felix hit out in succession.

Fourth—Ninth—Rube walked right
up, turned around and banged a triple
for luck. Chef sacrificed, bringing in
Rube. Augie hit out; Jack singled, stole
second; I,ongie hit out. 1 run

Plasterers—Barber flied out to Longie;
Andy and Curly both hit out.

Fifth—Ninth—Chef singled, caught at
second; Yeap flied to Stump and Brown-
ie hit out.

Plasterers—Dick hit out,
Frankie struck out.

Sixth—Sowmething doing!

‘Ninth—Timmie lifted one of Curly’s
pets for a three bagger and was chased
home by Cap’s crashing merry-go-round.
Rube bunted out; Augie, and Jack hit
out. 2 runs

Plasterers—Stump singled, stole sec-
ond and third. Tony walked, reached
second; Stump scored on Felixs’ hit,
and then the Barber, after many efforts
walloped a beauty, bringing in Tony and
Felix, but was caught himself. Curly
and Andy each went out, but the game
was won, and lost. Result 4—3. Um-
pire, Mr. John Henry.
