---
title: Ninth vs. Stocking Shed
author: Henry
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: June
day: 11
volume: 2
issue: 13
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_055.jpg
tags:
  - ESP League
layout: item
---
NINTH vs STOCKING SHED

June 4

By no means the least interesting of
the games played to-day was that of the
Ninth vs Shed. For some inexplicable
reason, the contest did not begin until
4.15, and at the outset it was uneventful.
Timmy scored the first run on an error,
and 6492 to offset it, hit a clean cut fora
circle. Soon after, Lefty scored on a
fumble, and in quick succession Jack,
for the Stocking Shed, tied the score
making it 2-2 At this stage the game
looked well within the grasp of the home
team, and the Ninth were quite alive to
that possibility, insomuch that Big Jack,
who was pitching, retired in favor of
Longy. Under Longy’s fusilade, the
Stocking Shed wavered somewhat, but
nevertheless plaged for all they were
worth. Lefty tripled, and subsequently
both he and Augie scored on passed balls,
which practically decided the game.
Ducky pitched indisputable ball,and his
support was a remarkable improvement
on the last time we saw them. Some
weeks ago we stamped Spetz as a comer,

and today he justified our prognostica-
tion. His agility and aptitude were
the admiration of all; and catching dif-
ficult balls, his unerring aim,and batting
capabilities were most noticeable and
spectacular.

The umpire, a new installation, was
somwhat at fault in his decisions, but
they were equally fair to both sides.

It would be well, if the managers,
prior to the game would point out and
explain to the new men the various and
intricate limit lines. in order that dissa-
tisfaction and comment may be avoided.
Score 4——2 favor of Ninth. — Henry.
