---
title: Some Local Pickups
author: Jingles
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: June
day: 11
volume: 2
issue: 13
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_055.jpg
tags:
  - gossip
  - advice
layout: item
---
” SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ”

The Band is improving. At what?
Music or Ball playing? Guess.

The Bear-Cats attacked the Cubs last
week but although they succeeded in
taming them in the first game, the Cubs
proved so vicious in the gecond session,
that they completely routed their com-
mon enemy.

The sporty back-stop of the Plasterers,
has resigned from his team. He gives
as reason, for this deplorable act, the
fact that he is perfecting a plan, in which
he can be hit by a pitched ball, thereby
gaining his base, without being hurt.

The ‘‘brother team’’ now appearing
in a limited engagement with Our Quar-
tette, are rehearsing a new act which they
will take on the road, sometime in the
future. Managers and agents, kindly
write. ;

Cap of the Ninth believes that a
man should always pay his debts. He
claims that, as baseball is more or less a
game of honor, baseball players especi-
ally should take notice of this rule.

The Plasterers played excellent ball
against the Ninth on Thursday. Hair-
raising stops, daring base running and
an exciting climax, distinctly marked
this game as one of the best played this
season.

The man who has never been known
to make a ‘‘kick,”’ or in any way create
a disturbance in a ball game is Felix of
the Plasterer team. Follow his example.

The only way is the right way, says
Joe our Orchestra Leader. He is whip-
ping the orchestra into great shape,
these days. Classics are his favorites.
Just listen to some of these they are
practicing, Overture Morning Noon
and Night in Vienna, by Suppe, Selec-
tions from the Opera, Baron Trenck,
and also William Tell, and a score of
others.

““Bob’’ of the Bindery, went swim-
ming last Wednesday morning about
4 A. M. Down at ‘‘Atlantic’’ he claims
it was, and such a vivid, realistic dream,
that it took him and his cell-mate all
morning to mop the water from the floor.
You see Bob left the window open and it
did rain quite bhard that morning.

Herb wants the address of some re-
sponsible physician who will pay in ad-
vance for a good live body to be deliver-
ed after death. A sort of ante-pay,

post-mortem. Jingles.
