---
title: 
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: June
day: 18
volume: 2
issue: 14
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_058.jpg
tags:
  - advice
  - filler
layout: 
---
No man can stand alone. Every one
of us is dependent, more, or less, upon
one or another. Everyone of us there-
fore, owes a duty to another, and the
debt must be paid, no matter in how tri-
vial a manner, yet, still to be paid.
How? Many ways, not .the least of
which, is to be pleasant.

While human nature craves the beau-
tiful, it also demands things, that are
pleasant, no less to the eye, than to the
taste. Therefore in requiting our obli-
gations, we can at least smile, and then
smile some more. Not a

senile grin,
but a pleasant smile,

with a hearty
laugh, not a giggle, at the proper time.

Laughter and yawning are both con-
tagious, but, inspired by different emo-
tions. One expresses pleasure, the other
boredom. There is always a welcome
for the man of cheery manner, who can
induce laughter; so there is for the man
with the sunny smile. Therefore, smile.
I it costs an effort to smile kindly, so
much the better, for then it is done at a
sacrifice, which means an exercise in
self-control for yourself, and pleasure
to another. Reserve your frowns for
yourself and the wood pile. There is no
better outlet for a man’s ill humor, than
a big husky pile of wood and a dull axe,

with no one in hearing. But, smile.

There is no good reason why an iron-
clad rule should mnot to be enacted, and
rigidly enforced, requiring the mana-
gers of all teams to come upon the
grounds with their line-up already pre-
pared and handed to the score-keepers
immediately. These men are doing good
work, for which they receive little or no
thanks, and they should be assisted and
not hindered.

Thanks are due to B 5750 (Doc.) for
the painstaking care he has evidenced in |
the compilation of the standing of indi-
vidual players which appears in this
issue.
