---
author: Jingles
day: 18
editor: B6591
image: umpire_1913_059.jpg
issue: 14
layout: item
month: June
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags:
- gosssip
title: Some Local Pickups
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

” SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ”

“What’s the score?”’ said a new arrival
last week as Mr Joe Morgan, was taking
his pedigree. Sounds like Chee-Chaw.

Chew your food well. It don’t pay to
get sick. You won’t even get sympathy.
So keep healthy.

The new automobile is now
stable and is a dandy. :

Harry‘‘ came back’’. Heis once more
behind the mask, and by the way he is
hitting the ball, these days.

Davie, ex-manager of the Plasterers,
left for other parts Saturday morning
He received a royal send off, and he has
the best wishes of all who know him.

Curly has a bad habit of falling on his
knee. In Saturday’s game he bruised
that member, for a second time, within
a week.

Did it pass? What did you hear?
Will it atfect yon ? How much longer?
Well it’s about time. These are only a
few of the ordinary remarks, heard on
every hand.

in the

The second half of the series promises
to furnish some excellent sport. The
different teams have been signing up new
material, and strengthening their re-
spective line-ups during the last few
weeks.

The Ninth won the first half of the
season’s series by a slight margin. If
they want to duplicate this performance
in the second half, they will have to start
early and work late.

Andy is still out of the game with a
broken finger. So is Whitey. They
travel together all over the place. Well
misery loves company, the old proverb
says. —dJingles.