---
author: null
day: 25
editor: B6591
image: umpire_1913_061.jpg
issue: 15
layout: item
month: June
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags:
- ESP Leaegue
title: Second Half of the E. S. P. League Season Opens
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

The second half of the E. S. P. Base-
ball League season opened on Monday
under gratifying conditions and was a
welcome relief to both fans and- players
after a week of idleness.

Several changes in the teams were
made during the interval, including the
management of the three principal clubs.
Stump will hereafter manage the Plas-
terers, instead of Dave retired; Jingles
takes hold of the Librarians, vice Mike,
while Waters, temporarily at least, will
manage the Ninth, in place of Timmy,
resigned.

The Plasterers desired to change their
name to ‘“Bake-house,”’ and the Stock-
ing Shed, wanted to be known as the
“Printers.”’” Formal approval of these
proposed changes, however, has not been
granted.

Mike and Yallerr of the Librarians)

were traded to the Plasterers for Fats,
Tim and White Hope. Ban, formerly of
the Library, was exchanged with the
Cubs, for Bobbie and Betz. 'The Ninth
was anxious to secure Eggie of the Lib-

~ rary in exchange for Yeap, but, the deal
~ fell through.

The staff of umpires comprises, John
Henry, Neal, Rabbi, Lippy, Happy, and
Ken. A professional umpire, formerly
of the New England League has recent-
ly registered in the institution and will
probably soon make his appearance on

the grounds.
A professional catcher is also on his

way, and due to arrive within the week.

One enterprisinoc manager it is said, has third baseman played in sensational
already opened up communication with {style, making two difficult stops, and
him. accepting every chance. It was a very
The trading of Ban, Mike and Yaller, |exciting and well played game, indicat-
all Strong p]ayars,‘ has weakened the ing what the tail-enders can do when
Librarians considerably, and leaves them |they want to. John Henry and Ken.
with only one good pitcher, Charlie, a|were the umpires.
new man, who was unfortunately in-
jured in his first game, and probably
will not be able to play for some time.
The Cubs have materially strengthen-|
ed their team and are to be reckonedi
with, from now, on. ‘The Shed and
Band remain the same. and it is conced-
ed that the struggle for last place will be
between these two clubs.