---
author: null
day: 25
editor: B6591
image: umpire_1913_062.jpg
issue: 15
layout: item
month: June
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags:
- ESP League
- advice
title: No Title
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

The eagerness with which the men
scanned and analyzed the tabulated state-
ments showing the standing of the in-
dividual members of the teams compris-
ing the E.S.P. League, as published last
week, was no less than wonderful.

The interest of those who were per-
sonally concerned in this public notice of
their respective merits as ball players,
was as intense as it was earnest. Iach
one noted his relative position to that of
the leaders and gave expression to his
satisfaction, or dismay as his standing
demanded. And this suggests a thought:

How entirely different would be this
good old world of ours, if we played the
game of life, with the same care, am-
bition and endeavor to avoid errors as
we do the game of ball. If we had the
same horror and shame of being called by
some other, and usually applicable ep-
ithets, in the life game, as we have of
being called a ‘‘mutt,”’ a ‘‘freeze,”’ or
“‘bone-head’’ in the ball game; how
vastly would it influence our efforts to
enact our lives so that our names would
appear close up to that envied man in
the 900 per cent class.

It is a thought that grows, and grows,
as the wonderful possibilities of such a
condition grows, but, the millenium is
far distant, it is feared.

A German highbrow, with an unpro-
nounceable name, announces that after
years of exhaustive study, he can now
determine by the conformation of
the toes of a newly-born infant, if it
will grow up to be a eriminal.

We are now waiting to hear from an-
other source to learn just what confor-
mation of any other member will be re-
quired to determine the length of sen-
tence such a child will eventually have
to serve; the particular branch of erime
he will choose, and more important still,
if he will grow up at all.