---
title: Some Local Pickups
author: Jingles
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: June
day: 25
volume: 2
issue: 15
page: 3
image: umpire_1913_063.jpg
tags:
  - gossip
layout: 
---
| SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ||

Whitey underwent an operation last
week, in which the Doctor of the Board
of Health, completely wiped out one of
Whitey’s ‘‘joints.”” Don’t worry boy,
better days coming.

Ban now playing with the Cubs, be-
lieves that variety is the spice of life.
He has been on nearly every team except
the Band, and they also would give
something to get him.

Talking about how fast news travels,
listen to this : Otto of the ninth, found
a small box, in the vicinity of the Store
House, at 9.15 A.M. Monday morning.
At 9.16 he reached his cell, and five of
his friends were waiting for their share.
But ask Otto what was in the box.

The little barber-shop on the ‘‘fourth’”’
is the only up-to-date place of its kind
in the country. Cigars, tobacco, matches
in fact anything at all is at the disposal
of the regular customers. That’s the
reason ‘‘Stony’’ of the Post Office gets
a shave two and three times a day.

Rufus and his orchestra of fifteen
stringed instruments are rehearsing re-
gularly. They are ‘‘booked solid’’ for
several seasons. Andy, is the vocalist,
and his pathetic and sentimental select-
ions are very touching. Ih, what ?

There were severalAmericans invited,
to attend the 25th Anniversary of the
German KEmperor’s reign, which was
widely celebrated in Germany. Quite
an honor, but they did’nt have much on
us; we too were all presented at Court.

Jack Rags claims that this hot weath-
er is affecting him, and causing him to
lose weight. Well 248 pounds is an aw-
ful load for one person to carry around
all the time.

A correct impersonation of Dr. Jekyl
and Mr. Hyde, can be observed during
a base ball game in which Alec is play-
ing. If his team is winning, he’s Dr.
Jekyl, but let them lose and he (Hydes)

Wonder could Cobbsteal as many bas-
es as Kggie or Stump if he had to play
ball on our grounds. :

A young man on the 8th who cannot
understand English very well was asked
who discovered America. ‘‘Warden
Mackan-tee, he quickly answered.

— Jingles.
