---
author: null
day: 2
editor: B6591
image: umpire_1913_066.jpg
issue: 16
layout: item
month: July
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags:
- advice
title: null
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

Dox’r worry. Don’t be discouraged.
The world is large; the world is good.
Just how good it is to us, is determined
by just how good we are to it.

That which the world demands of us,
is work; the very best work thatis in us.
Compliance with this demand will merit,
and receive its favor. Refuse, and we
meet with it’s frowns and disfavor, but,
work of some kind we must do. So de-
termine to do your share, and do it
cheerfully, for in this way, and only in
this way, can you really be happy.

Some day we will again take a place
in the world, and when we do, by all
means let it be a proper place. A place
among men who are doing things, and
doing them right. Let the present be
considered as time alloted to us to repair
deficiencies; to learn better, the things
of which we may now have only a sup-
erficial knowledge; to learn new things of
value in the making of the world, and
in the building of a place for ourselves
in it.

We have the opportunities now.
With well conducted schools, courses in
manual training, and the practical ex-
perience to be gained in at least halt a |
dozen different trades, coupled with the
advantages to be derived from a well se-
lected library, individual instruction,
and the hearty co-operation of the offici-
als, there is no excuse for any of us, when
the time comes, why we should not re-
enter the world ably equipped to do our
share of its work.

For the man who simply will not avail
himself of epportunities fairly thrown at
him, there is positively no hope,—in’
this world at least.