---
title: 
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: July
day: 2
volume: 2
issue: 16
page: 2
image: umpire_1913_066.jpg
tags:
  - letter
layout: 
---
To Mrs. Horace Fasserr, the gentle
lady who has given so many years of her
life in serious endeavor to better the
conditions surrounding penal servitude,
and to whom every one of us isindebted,
the following letter has been indited :

Eastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, July 1, 1913.
Mrs. Horace Fassett,
Philadelphia.

Dear Madam : Probably during the whole
course of your life, and among all the many acts
of benevolence you have performed, there never
wasa time when you so thoroughly and beauti-
fully illustrated your manifold generosity and
untiring energy, in ameliorating the sufferings
of the unfortunate convict, as you recently
have done in giving your valuable assistance
to the passage of the supplement to the 1911
Parole Act.

Therefore, Madam, at this auspicious moment,
we, the members of the Committee, representing
the commutation prisoners in the above institu-

tion, do on their behalf, deem it most proper

to approach you in such a manner, that you
cannot fail to be impressed with the sense of
deep gratitude, and thanks, that go out to you
from all the men who are capable of realiz-
ing what you have done for them, in this, their
hour of dire distress and need.

In this, the brilliant achievement of a life’s
work, you have performed an act of mercy, of
which you may justly be proud, and no words
of ours are adequate to convey to you, the
feeling, of the men who have, and will eventu-
ally become eligible to parole under what, we
should not err, if we called it your act.

It is our fervent, and earnest prayer, to Al-
mighty God, that you may be spared for many
years to come, in order that you may con-
tinue your good work, so that many more poor
wayward, and misguided sinners, may receive
the benefits of your benign influence and bene-
factions, and be led into the straight and nar-
rOw way.

We are convinced that the most fitting re-
turn we can offer you on this occasion, and
one that you will gladly accept is our sincere
promise, that we intend on our release, using
the word of our Master, to ‘“Go and sin no
more.’”’ We have the honor to be Madam,

Most respectfully yours,
Committee.
