---
author: Henry
day: '18'
editor: B-6591
id: '289'
image: umpire_1913_059.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
- ' game'
title: Library vs Plasterers
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

LIBRARY vs PLASTERERS. June 13 The Plasterers won another from the Library this afternoon in a manner so decisive as to leave no room for doubt. The old ‘‘Warrior,'' as we hoped, was again at his favorite post, and pitched gilt edge ball. It seemed as though he was determined to demonstrate, for the last time, to his departing manager Dave that he need not. leave us in fear and trembling on their account, for the fame of the team was in no danger, but on the contrary was in good hands, and could be trusted to maintain its prestige and glory of the past so dearly bought. There was a frightful fusillade all the time, and fast and furious singles and doubles were dispatched to the four cardinal points; so much so, that at times we could well imagine we were witnessing a Marathon race; runs being scored in such quick succession. At 4:55 when 8 innings had been played, the stock of balls became exhausted, otherwise a full game of 9 innings would have been recorded. The following men scored: Felix home run; Barber (3), Tony (2), Stump (3). Alex and Harry. Tony, Alex and Felix also hit two-baggers, and many other good plays were executed Curley effected a fine catch, straight off the bat at terrific velocity, which retired the side in that inning. The Library were entirely outplayed but withal, played a very plucky game. Yaller was on the hill but it seemed to us, hopeless from the beginning. We are sorry there is not much to record about the Library's play, who but for Ban's most opportune home-run, would have been left with a round O. Jimmie twice got to 3rd but was ousted forthwith, on each occasion. Joe, Dud and Beef Trust each essayed to score, but their hopes were frustrated. "A word before closing should be said ‘for their outfielder, Big Six, whose chances to exploit himself were greatly minimized, and impeded by the line of spectators. — Henry.