---
author: Jingles
day: '18'
editor: B-6591
id: '294'
image: umpire_1913_059.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' baseball'
- ' ESP League'
title: Some Local Pick Ups
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ‘‘What's the score?'' said a new arrival last week as Mr. Joe Morgan, was taking his pedigree. Sounds like Chee-Chaw. Chew your food well. It don't pay to get sick. You won't even get sympathy. So keep healthy. The new automobile is now stable and is a dandy. in the Harry ‘‘ came back''. He is once more behind the mask, and by the way he is hitting the ball, these days. Davie, ex-manager of the Plasterers, left for other parts Saturday morning He received a royal send off, and he has the best wishes of all who know him. Curly has a bad habit of falling on his knee. In Saturday's game he bruised that member, for a second time, a week. Did it pass? What did you hear? Will it affect yon? How much longer ? Well it's about time. few of the ordinary remarks, heard on every hand. within These are only a The second half of the series promises to furnish some excellent sport. The different teams have been signing up new material, and strengthening their respective lineups during the last few weeks. The Ninth won the first half of the If they want to duplicate this performance in the second half, they will have to start early and work late. season's series by a slight margin. Andy is still out of the game with a broken finger. So is Whitey. They travel together all over the place. Well misery loves company, the old proverb says. —Jingles.