---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-6591
id: '301'
image: umpire_1913_061.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
- ' opinion'
title: Second Half of the E.S.P. League Season Opens
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

SECOND HALF OF THE E. 5. P. LEAGUE SEASON OPENS Leading Clubs Materially Strengthened— Promises To Be A Determined Contest.—Changes in Personnel—Opening Games The second half of the E. S. P. Baseball League season opened on Monday under gratifying conditions and was a welcome relief to both fans and: players after a week of idleness. Several changes in the teams were made during the interval, including the management of the three principal clubs. Stump will hereafter manage the Plasterers, instead of Dave retired; Jingles takes hold of the Librarians, vice Mike, while Waters, temporarily at least, will manage the Ninth, in place of Timmy, resigned. The Plasterers desired to change their name to ‘‘Bake-house,'' and the Stocking Shed, wanted to be known as the "Printers.'? Formal approval of these proposed changes, however, has not been granted, Mike and Yaller of the Librarians were traded to the Plasterers for Fats, Tim and White Hope. Ban, formerly of the Library, was exchanged with the Cubs, for Bobbie and Betz. The Ninth was anxious to secure Eggie of the Library in exchange for Yeap, but, the deal fell through. The staff of umpires comprises, Jobn Henry, Neal, Rabbi, Lippy, Happy, and Ken. A professional umpire, formerly of the New England League has recently registered in the institution and will probably soon make his appearance on the grounds. A professional catcher is also on his way, and due to arrive within the week. One enterprising manager it is said, has already opened up communication with him. The trading of Ban, Mike and Yaller, all strong players, has weakened the Librarians considerably, and leaves them with only one good pitcher, Charlie, a new man, who was unfortunately injured in his first game, and _ probably will not be able to play for some time. The Cubs have materially strengthened their team and are to be reckoned with, from now, on. ‘The Shed and Band remain the same, and it is conceded that the struggle for last place will be between these two clubs.