---
author: Mitch
day: 2
editor: B6591
image: umpire_1913_068.jpg
issue: 16
layout: item
month: July
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 4
tags:
- ESP League
title: Band Tuned Up
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

BAND TUNED UP

June 2s.

Big Louie pitched the Band to vic-
tory over the dangerous Cubs to-day in
an exciting game which was wholly a
pitchers battle. He held the Cubs down
to three scattered hits, struck out nine
of the twenty-three men who faced him;
walked one, and was going stronger at
the end of the seven innings than when
he started. Freddie was the only man
that hit him safe, to score a run.

Tommy of the Cubs did good work,
but, had poor support. TFive hits were
made off of him, four of which resulted in
runs. Big Louie driving a beautiful fly
to the wall and scoring a home run.

The Cubs started off with a three bag-
ger by Freddie, who got home by way
of Walt’s error, making the first and only
run for the Cubs. Marty the one man
given his base was the only other Cub to
reach third, though Woody tried it in
the fifth, and was caught there by Josh.

The Band gained confidence with each
succeeding inning, and showed better
team work than in any game they have
thus far played. The Cubs on the con-
trary, did not show their usual amount
of ginger, and several of their star players
were decidedly off. ‘They had a shade
the worst of the umpiring, but, even so,
they were clearly outplayed by the reju-
venated Band asshown by the score 4--1.

The Band traded little Julius for Ban
of the Cubs, to secure another good pitch-
er, and the exchange seems to have been
a good one for both teams. Dave has

also secured a prowmising playec in Read- |

ing who has the hall-mark of a' comer.

— Mitch.