---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-6591
id: '313'
image: umpire_1913_063.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prison
- ' baseball'
- ' gossip'
- ' inside joke'
- ' ESP news'
title: Some Local Pick-Ups
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS Whitey underwent an operation last week, in which the Doctor of the Board of Health, completely wiped out one of Whitey's "joints." Don't worry boy, better days coming. Ban now playing with the Cubs, believes that variety is the spice of life. He has been on nearly every team except the Band, and they also would give something to get him. Talking about how fast news travels, listen to this : Otto of the ninth, found a small box, in the vicinity of the Store House, at 9.15 A.M. Monday morning. At 9.16 he reached his cell, and five of his friends were waiting for their share. But ask Otto what was in the box. The little barbershop on the ‘‘fourth'' is the only up-to-date place of its kind in the country. Cigars, tobacco, matches in fact anything at all is at the disposal of the regular customers. That's the reason ‘‘Stony'' of the Post Office gets a shave two and three times a day. Rufus and his orchestra of fifteen stringed instruments are rehearsing regularly. They are ‘‘booked solid'' for several seasons. Andy, is the vocalist, and his pathetic and sentimental selections are very touching. Eh, what ? There were several Americans invited, to attend the 25th Anniversary of the German Emperor's reign, which was widely celebrated in Germany. Quite an honor, but they didn't have much on us; we too were all presented at Court. Jack Rags claims that this hot weather is affecting him, and causing him to lose weight. Well 248 pounds is an awful load for one person to carry around all the time. A correct impersonation of Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde, can be observed during a base ball game in which Alec is playing. If his team is winning, he's Dr. Jekyl, but let them lose and he (Hydes) Wonder could Cobb steal as many bases as Eggie or Stump if he had to play ball on our grounds. A young man on the 8th who cannot understand English very well was asked who discovered America. ‘Warden Mackan-tee, he quickly answered. —Jingles.