---
author: Bill
day: 9
editor: B6591
image: umpire_1913_071.jpg
issue: 17
layout: item
month: July
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags:
- ESP League
title: Plasterers Shut Out Ninth
volume: 2
year: 1913
---

PLASTERERS SHU O I

July 2.
The best game of the season was play-

_|ed to-day, between the above teams, re-

sulting in the Plasterers shutting out
the Ninth. It was a well played, clean
game, with only one error throughout.
The Barber of the Plasterers was the
first man to face Bill, and he singled on
the firse ball pitched, stole second and
third, and came home on Stump’s two-
base hit, making the only run of the en-
tire game. Curly was on the slab for
the Plasterers, and pitched the best ball
that has been seen in here this season.
Bill also pitched in excellent shape, but
could do nothing with the sluggers that
played behind Curly. The sensational
play that Lefty pulled off, in the form of
a triple, was, without a doubt, the best

and only one of its kind, seen here, this|
He caught a fly ball, over the |

year.
roof, from Andy’s bat, retiring him, ran
over to second, catching Felix, and then
threw Tony out.

The best hits of the game were as fol-
lows :—3 base hits, Lefty; 2 base hits,
Lefty, Jack, Stump, Tony and Andy.

The credit of the game should go to
Curly, as he accepted three chances on
singles, with two down, and a man go-
ing home each time. He never for a
moment lost control, and played the first
bag each time, retiring the side, and
discounting the runs.

Each of the pitchers had fives strike-
oubs to his credit.. Kggie played fast
ball for the Ninth at short, getting sev-
eral foul balls off the wall, but failed at
the bat when runs were needed. Mike
also shared in the foul balls, accepting
three. Andy caught excellent ball be-
hind the bat. - Cap, together with Felix,
excelled in the field, in holding down
fly balls out by the Burnery. The
one-time invincible Longie fanned each
time he came up, doubtless due to an
eagerness to make a home-run record,
when a bunt or a sacrifice was the play.
Final score,1—0. Umpires, Mack ; Jack
and Lippy.- — Bill.