---
author: Henry
day: '25'
editor: B-6591
id: '316'
image: umpire_1913_064.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- ESP league
- ' game'
- ' score'
- ' baseball'
title: Plasterers Win
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PLASTERERS WIN June 23 After a weeks cessation of ball-play, and amid most salubrious conditions, the teams came up smiling. It was immediately perceptible that the Plasterers had not been idly wasting their time, but had taken advantage of the recess to reinforce their team with some well known players from other teams. No doubt they would be glad to see the ultimate issue pan out in their favor. Today, the Plasterers made terrible havoc with their opponents, and apparently are as much to be feared as ever. Yaller, one of their new acquisitions, was on the hill, and put up a great battle, and the runs they piled up were legion. The game was virtually finished after the 1st inning was played. That ardent player Andy, with his finger still in plaster, was in great form, and scored very cleverly. While we were pleased to see him out, we nevertheless think him ill advised to take chances so soon after his reverse. Everyone of the players put in some meritorious work, and the following are the men who ran the score up to a dozen. Felix, Toney, Alec, blush no more. Harry and Yaller, each scored a brace; Barber and Andy scored one each. Eor the first time in the history of the E. S. P. B. B. League, the old ‘‘Warrior'? was seen taking things easy. People could hardly believe their own eyes, when he was discovered smoking a Havana, and intently watching the 9th vs. Library contest. Doubtless he had got wind of the great benders the Library's new pitcher has up his sleeve. The Stocking Shed were battered about unmercifully, and it was grievous to see Ducky's bombardment culminate in utter failure. Jimmy scored on Spetz's hit, and that was the end of their exploit. Many times that young aspirant has come to the rescue, and it will be a sorry day for them if they ever lose his services. Outside of the fierce onslaught upon the ball, the game was devoid of interest, because when teams are so unevenly matched, as these were today, it naturally follows that all interest must be eliminated. —Henry.