---
author: B-6290
day: '25'
editor: B-6591
id: '318'
image: umpire_1913_064.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- racist
- ' anti-semitic'
- ' joke'
title: The Irrepressible Jew
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THE IRREPRESSIBLE JEW A few years ago while cruising in Southern waters the writer had the misfortune to be in a vessel, that was followed many miles at sea by a tremendous man-eating shark. The vessel containing besides the passengers, a lot of Bananas, Oranges and other produce. The shark's actions were watched for a considerable distance, and noting that he was of a hungry disposition they began to feed him the produce, thinking that then he would leave the vessel unmolested. After everything had been cast overboard, even including the captain's three-legged stool, and as the man-eater still followed, it was decided the only way to be rid of the monster was to feed him one of the passengers. As some volunteered for the service, lots were drawn for this distinction and. fell to Ikey Goldstein, a typical New York Jew. Ikey was not at all downcast. With a smile on his face he said he was only too glad to go. Men, women and children, crowded around Ikey and proclaimed him the greatest hero ever. After receiving the blessings of the entire assemblage he leaped overboard and at once disappeared into the mouth of the shark. ‘The latter still continued to follow. Seeing that serious danger was imminent, unless something was done to be rid of the shark the Captain ordered him harpooned and dragged aboard the vessel, which was done. He was then cut open, and all they expected to find of poor Ikey, was a few crushed bones. But not so, for lo, and behold, when the shark was laid open and his stomach exposed there was Ikey Goldstein, bright as day sitting on the three legged stool, selling bananas and oranges at five cents a dozen. —B6290.