---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-6591
id: '322'
image: umpire_1913_065.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- band
- ' music'
- ' '
title: 'Band Anniversary: July Fourth'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

BAND ANNIVERSARYJULY FOURTH On Friday next, the fourth day of July, the E. S. P. Band will celebrate the fourth anniversary of its organization. The Band is one, of which the institution may well be proud, and while opportunities for it to appear in public are limited, the individual members are none the less attentive to their practice. Prof. A. F. Wiegandt is a strict disciplinarian, and that his methods are unquestionably the proper ones, there can be no doubt. When it is considered how very much ‘‘raw material'? he en- countered at the beginning, and then note how he has welded it into an harmonious whole, shows both musical and executive ability of a high order. He is naturally very proud of the work being done by his men, and states that he is at all times ready to aid any of them who are capable, and worthy who may wish to take up music as a means of livelihood hereafter. Many of the men who have formed a part of the Band in the past, secured a musical education while here, that has enabled them to fill lucrative positions in the outside world, where they are "making good.'? A ‘Lady Orchestra,"' now touring the country, is composed wholly of former inmates of a New York prison for females. The latter statement is made to show, that which was in many cases, a study for mere pastime or personal gratification, has been diverted into the more serious matter of providing a living. The men will have an opportunity to hear the Band on Friday afternoon when it will play on the Center in dual celebration of Independence Day, and its own anniversary. A splendid program appropriate to the day has been arranged by Prof. Wiegandt, and will be found on another page.