---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-6591
id: '324'
image: umpire_1913_066.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

Don't worry. Don't be discouraged. The world is large; the world is good. Just how good it is to us, is determined by just how good we are to it. That which the world demands of us, is work; the very best work that is in us. Compliance with this demand will merit, and receive its favor. Refuse, and we meet with it's frowns and disfavor, but, work of some kind we must do. So determine to do your share, and do it cheerfully, for in this way, and only in this way, can you really be happy. Some day we will again take a place in the world, and when we do, by all means let it be a proper place. A place among men who are doing things, and doing them right. Let the present be considered as time allotted to us to repair deficiencies; to learn better, the things of which we may now have only a superficial knowledge; to learn new things of value in the making of the world, and in the building of a place for ourselves in it. We have the opportunities now. With well conducted schools, courses in manual training, and the practical experience to be gained in at least half a dozen different trades, coupled with the advantages to be derived from a well selected library, individual instruction, and the hearty cooperation of the officials, there is no excuse for any of us, when the time comes, why we should not reenter the world ably equipped to do our share of its work. For the man who simply will not avail himself of opportunities fairly thrown at him, there is positively no hope,—-in this world at least.