---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-6591
id: '326'
image: umpire_1913_066.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' parole'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

To Mrs. Horace Fassett, the gentle lady who has given so many years of her life in serious endeavor to better the conditions surrounding penal servitude, and to whom every one of us is indebted, the following letter has been indited [sic] : Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia, July 1, 1913. Mrs. Horace Fassett, Philadelphia. Dear Madam: Probably during the whole course of your life, and among all the many acts of benevolence you have performed, there never was a time when you so thoroughly and beautifully illustrated your manifold generosity and untiring energy, in ameliorating the sufferings of the unfortunate convict, as you recently have done in giving your valuable assistance to the passage of the supplement to the 1911 Parole Act. Therefore, Madam, at this auspicious moment, we, the members of the Committee, representing the commutation prisoners in the above institution, do on their behalf, deem it most proper to approach you in such a manner, that you cannot fail to be impressed with the sense of deep gratitude, and thanks, that go out to you from all the men who are capable of realizing what you have done for them, in this, their hour of dire distress and need. In this, the brilliant achievement of a life's work, you have performed an act of mercy, of which you may justly be proud, and no words of ours are adequate to convey to you, the feeling, of the men who have, and will eventually become eligible to parole under what, we should not err, if we called it your act. It is our fervent, and earnest prayer, to Almighty God, that you may be spared for many years to come, in order that you may continue your good work, so that many more poor wayward, and misguided sinners, may receive the benefits of your benign influence and benefactions, and be led into the straight and narrow way. We are convinced that the most fitting return we can offer you on this occasion, and one that you will gladly accept is our sincere promise, that we intend on our release, using the word of our Master, to ‘‘Go and sin no more.'' We have the honor to be Madam, Most respectfully yours, Committee.