---
title: Three League Leaderss Battling with Second Division
author: 
  - Mitch
  - Bill
  - Henry
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: July
day: 16
volume: 2
issue: 18
page: 1
image: umpire_1913_073.jpg
tags:
  - ESP League
  - baseball
layout: 
---
THREE LEAGUE LEADERS
BATTLING WITH SECOND DIVISION

Contest Close Enough To Insure Careful Playing—Leaders P‘Iovt Taking
Chances— Games This Week May Surprise Fans—

The Clubs in the first division are pit-
ted against those of the second,
this week, and the result of the series
will probably only serve to fatten the
percentage of the leaders.

The Band has been playing pretty
good ball of late, but, in their game with
the Ninth on Monday afternoon, they
were clearly outclassed. Both the Cubs,
and the Plasterers, should not have any
difficulty in winning their series with
the Shed and Library, but, it i3 the un-
expected that usually happens.

NINTH vs BAND
Jnly 14
The Ninth piayed all around the Band

this afternoon, and won as they pleased,
by the score of 12—3.

Dave put in Louie and Baltimore, to
do the heavy work for the Musicians,
while Longie and Betz did the same for
the Beef-eaters. The latter found the
ball in the second inning, when Augie
singled, and came home on Chef’s triple,
who also scored, by a daring theft. In
the fourth, Augie doubled, Eggie singled,
and both came in on Betz’s two-bagger.

In the fifth, Longie walked, stole se-
cond and third, and rushed across the
plate on a wild throw. Timmy walked,
got around to third, and home. In the
sixth, Augie swatted out a singer for a
home run, and in the seventh, everybody
took a whack, for Louie was all in, and
blowing like a winded horse. Longie
walked, Timmy hit, and Rube drove one
to Billy Penn, who missed it, and then
all three came strolling in together.

Augie was hit by a wild ball, took his
base, and both he, and the Chef got
home on a series of errors. :

There was nothing doing by the Band
until the fourth inning, when Yeap, who
had received a vicious blow from one of
Longie’s cannon balls, in the second, re-
taliated by smashing out a home run.

In the sixth, both Longie and Josh
hit for two-baggers, and scored through
the Poet’s hit.

The Band played a fair game, but could
do nothing with the terriffic in-shoots,
that Longie put over, as he fanned twelve
men, out of the twenty-eight who faced
him, and only five hits were made off his
delivery.

Louie struck out five of the thirty-four
men up,and walked four, three of whom
Umpires— Jack and Lippy.

— Mitch.

scored,

PLASTERERS v8 LIBRARY.

July 14
The Jingle Bells went down to defeat

to-day in a well played game, that was
not marred by an argument of any kind

The game was snappy, with good hitting
and sharp fielding on both sides.

For the Plasterers, Jim and Felix
scored on Curly’s triple and in the 2nd
Ban and 6103 came in for the Library.
In the same inning Yaller made a clean
home-run, and Harry and Stump also
each added a tally to the Plasterers
score. Timmy and Stump led the bat-
ting for their respective teams; the form-
er scoring a home-run in the fourth, and

the latter making two and three-bag-
gers throughout the game, and scoring
two of the 4 runs made by the Library.

In the 6th, the Plasterers had every-
thing their own way, Curly making a
homer; Harry a triple and Jack a single,
each scoring on Yellow’s hit.

Ban and Yaller each pitched good
ball, the former having seven strike-outs
and the latter eleven to his credit.

Final score, Plasterers 9, Library 3.
Umpire Mack. —Bill,

Cuss vs STOCKING SHED
July 14

A very snappy game was played to-
day, between the above teams, and al-
though the Cubs were victorious, it cast
no reflection upon their opponents who
played equally as good as the Cubs, with
the one exception of batting, in which
they were outclassed. S

The Shed were in hard luck, other-
wise they certainly would have scored
some runs. Fight innings were played
and were dispatched as quick as wheels
are changed at movies. Tommy pitched
high-class ball, and his support was peer-
less, several of the men making brilliant
plays.

Ducky was in the box for the Shedmen
and pitched a fair game. He allowed
several free passes, but taking all things
together, his team played a steady and
consistent game. Hissupport was well
maintained, with only one error.

The result was 3—0 in favor of Cubs,
but it is no ecriterion from which to
judge the remaining two games that will
be played between these teams dur-
ing the week. — Henry.
