---
title: Cubs vs Plasterer
author: Henry
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: July
day: 16
volume: 2
issue: 18
pageNumber: 3
image: umpire_1913_075.jpg
tags:
  - baseball
  - ESP league
layout: 
---
CUBS vs PLASTERER

July 9
Speculation was rife on the stable

ground to-day, when the above teams
met to determine whether the passing
into oblivion of one of our erstwhile
champions, was to be, or not to be.

A great battle was fought and the
Plasterers did not relinquish their hold
without a severe tussle.

Curly pitched in his usual style, and
the Plasterers played as well as usual,
but the fact of the matter is, the Cubs
of the past, is an entirely different pro-
position, to that of the present day, and
the disparity between the teams was very
apparent.

Tommy was on the hilland pitched a
masterful game, and crashed in some
choice openings. Freddie their catcher,
rushed into fame by his exceptional good
work, and he once made a marvelous
catch, with one hand, off the stable wall.
Notwithstanding the great-fight that
both sides put up, there never was at
any time any uncertainty about the is-
sue.

It was an ominous signal to the Plas-
terers when the goats rushed onto the
diamond to witness the last act in the
drama.

In the second inning, Freddie, Woody
and Jore scored, which placed the Cubs
in an enviable position.

In the fourth inning, Butt scored on
Stewarts hit. TFreddie also slammed the
ball for a triple and faded, and Butt

doubled in the last inning, but was

caught stealing third.

So well did the young Spartans acquit
themselves that, with the one exception
stated above, no Plasterer got as far as
third base. Umpire, Mack. Result 4—0

favor of Cubs. — Henry.
