---
title: Plasterers Win a Game
author: Mitch
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B6591
year: 1913
month: July
day: 16
volume: 2
issue: 18
page: 4
image: umpire_1913_076.jpg
tags:
  - ESP League
  - baseball
layout: 
---
PLASTERERS WIN A GAME

July 1L
The concluding game of the series be-

|tween the Cubs and Plasterers was play-

ed this afternoon, before an immense
crowd, and while the former put up a
magnificent battle, the Plasterers bunch-

-led their hits in the last half of the fifth
40 linning and mnosed out a victory by the

score of 4—3.
The game was played with the spirit

¢land dash that keeps alive enthusiasm,

and is successfully popularizing base ball

303 [all over the world.

The clubs put in Tommy and Freddie,

_|as opposed to Tony and Jack for the
| Plasterers, in the battery line, and they

did effective work. Tony only struck
out 4 men to Tommy's 8, while 5 hits were
made off of the former, and 9 off of T'om-
my. Both teams fielded with but few
errors and played like professionals.
The Plasterers started the run-mak-
ing in their half of the second, when
Aleck singled, and came home on a
passed ball. In the fourth, Jack hit,
stole around to third, and reached the
plate, through Aleck’s single. In the
fifth, Yaller hit safe, and Aleck doing
the running for him was driven in by
Tony’s beautiful three-bagger; then Felix
singled, bringing Tony home, but, died

at the third when Jack hit out.

The Cubs did their work in the run
factory in the fourth inning, when Tony
grew wild, passed two men, and alloswed
four hits. Jore singled, Freddie and
Woody walked, and all three came home
on a beauty, driven by Tommy, over the
new printing office for two bags, but,
who was later caught at the plate himself.

The result was in doubt until the last
man was out, and the entire game went
through without a single discord. Mack
and Jimmy attended to the umpiring,
and did it well. —Mitch.
