---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-6591
id: '347'
image: umpire_1913_069.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
- ' standings'
title: 'All-Stars vs Ninth: Brilliant Game Between The Pick of League Players'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

ALL-STARS vs NINTH Brilliant Game Between The Pick of League Players July 4 Yeap picked an "All Star" team to put it over the Ninth block boys this morning, with the following line-up: Freddie, c; Barber, 3b; Yeap, 1.f; Tommy, p; Jore, 1st b; Woody, 2nd b ; Mike, s.s.; Aleck, cf.; Ban, s.f. 5. The Ninth put in their regular nine, with Billand Augie to do the heavy work. The first three men up for the Ninth went out without reaching a base. Then the All Stars took a whack with a vengeance. Freddie struck out; Barber and Yeap each singled and came home on Jore's two bagger. Woody smashed the ball for two bases, sending in Jore and came home himself on Rube's error. Total for the inning and the game, 4 runs, for throughout the remainder of the session, despite their struggles, they were unable to get a man across the home plate. In the third, Eggie found the ball for two bags and came in on Woody's error. In the fifth Tommy, who had been pitching the game of his life, up to this time, walked three men, two of whom came home on Rube's single. The remainder of the game was a brilliant exhibition of quick field work, and while the All-Stars had a man on third upon two different occasions, the ‘‘pinch'' hit was lacking to advance them home. Following is the result by innings: Ninth O. Oa Te Oe Ws AllStar 40 00:0 0 0 0 x—4 Struck Out. by Bill 10; by Tommy 11; Hits, Ninth 5, All Stars 7. Two base hits, Jore, Woody and Eggie. Three base hits, Ban. Umpires, Mack and Hank.