---
author: Bill
day: '16'
editor: B-6591
id: '393'
image: umpire_1913_075.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Cubs vs Plasterers
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

CUBS vs PLASTERERS July 9 Speculation was rife on the stable ground today, when the above teams met to determine whether the passing into oblivion of one of our erstwhile champions, was to be, or not to be. A great battle was fought and the Plasterers did not relinquish their hold without a severe tussle. Curly pitched in his usual style, and the Plasterers played as well as usual, but the fact of the matter is, the Cubs of the past, is an entirely different. proposition, to that of the present day, and the disparity between the teams was very apparent. ‘Tommy was on the hill and pitched a masterful game, and crashed in some choice openings. Freddie their catcher, rushed into fame by his exceptional good work, and he once made a marvelous catch, with one hand, off the stable wall. Notwithstanding the great-fight that both sides put up, there never was at any time any uncertainty about the issue. It was an ominous signal to the Plasterers when the goats rushed onto the diamond to witness the last act in the drama. In the second inning, Freddie, Woody and Jore scored, which placed the Cubs in an enviable position. In the fourth inning, Butt scored on Stewart's hit. Freddie also slammed the ball for a triple and faded, and Butt doubled in the last inning, but was caught stealing third. So well did the young Spartans acquit themselves that, with the one exception stated above, no Plasterer got as far as third base. Umpire, Mack. Result 4—0 favor of Cubs. — Henry.