---
author: Mitch
day: '16'
editor: B-6591
id: '397'
image: umpire_1913_076.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Plasterers Win A Game
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PLASTERERS WIN A GAME July 11The concluding game of the series between the Cubs and Plasterers was played this afternoon, before an immense crowd, and while the former put up a magnificent battle, the Plasterers bunched their hits in the last half of the fifth inning and nosed out a victory by the score of 4—3. The game was played with the spirit and dash that keeps alive enthusiasm, and is successfully popularizing baseball all over the world. The clubs put in Tommy and Freddie, as opposed to Tony and Jack for the Plasterers, in the battery line, and they did effective work. Tony only struck out 4 men to Tommy's 8, while 5 hits were made off of the former, and 9 off of Tommy. Both teams fielded with but few errors and played like professionals. The Plasterers started the run-making in their half of the second, when Aleck singled, and came' home on a passed ball. In the fourth, Jack hit, stole around to third, and reached the plate, through Aleck's single. In the fifth, Yaller hit safe, and Aleck doing the running for him was driven in by Tony's beautiful three-bagger; then Felix singled, bringing Tony home, but, died at the third when Jack hit out. The Cubs did their work in the run factory in the fourth inning, when Tony grew wild, passed two men, and allowed four hits. Jore singled, Freddie and Woody walked, and all three came home on a beauty, driven by Tommy, over the new printing office for two bags, but, who was later caught at the plate himself. The result was in doubt until the last man was out, and the entire game went through without a single discord. Mack and Jimmy attended to the umpiring, and did it well. —Mitch.