---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-6591
id: '407'
image: umpire_1913_078.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- The Umpire
- ' printing'
- ' inside joke'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

It is said that the wearing of a new silk hat, and a good suit of clothes is conducive to dignity and sobriety. If this is true, then the Umpire has a reason for feeling particularly good, for it issues among its readers today from the new Printing Office, all ‘‘dolled up" in a a brand new suit of specially cast type, in the fullest hope of meeting with everybody's approval. The new Printing Office, adjoining the Sixth block, which has recently been completed, is a modern one in every detail, and a credit to those who designed and built it. The present building has enabled the officials to bring the bindery, composing and press rooms under one roof, on the same floor, where it has the direct supervision of the Chaplain, whose office adjoins. The working conditions are vastly improved, which means increased facilities, and better execution, and therefore, more satisfactory results. Everybody's' doing it. A team of Chinese baseball players direct from the Orient, met, and defeated the Stetsons of Philadelphia last week, and now the girls of Germantown have formed a league with all the accessories of real players, even to swatting the umpire. Now, will you be good ? Philadelphia policemen are going to a school of instruction in the gentle art of catching crooks. They must have been reading about the schools of MacKentieville, and taken a hint. Just as we were about to go to press, it was discovered that for once, no mention has been made of Jingles' bald-head, so this paragraph has been hastily inserted to supply the omission.