---
author: Henry
day: '30'
editor: B-6591
id: '429'
image: umpire_1913_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' '
title: 'Shed Plays Well: Plasterers had to Play Real Ball to Down the Ducklings'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

SHED PLAYS WELL Plasterers had to Play Real Ball to Down the DucklingsCurly and Rabbi represented the the Plasterers and Shed in the box Monday afternoon, and held the game down to nil up to the end of the 4th inning. At this stage the Plasterers scored two runs, with Tony and Felix scoring on Jack's hit. The Stocking Shed immediately took up the gage of battle, and in the next inning contrived to get three men on bases at the psychological moment: John, Harry and Baltimore, and but for Andy's opportune catch of an outfield fly, a different story might be written. The Plasterers scored again with Stump, and later Andy tripled, and scored on Yaller's triple, who scored on Jack's sacrifice, making the sum total five runs. The Stocking Shed scored with Fingers and John, both scoring on Joe's hit, who, through being ill-shod, came to grief, when he had the game well within his grasp. They scored two runs, and in justice to them we must say that the Plasterers won the game by sufferance. John Henry had all his work cut out in keeping steady, on account of the volley of stupid remonstrances that were hurled at him all through the game. There was far too much talk and criticism attending the bout, but we were pleased to observe John Henry remained forbearing, and took it in the spirit in which it was meant. However, practical joking often leads to mix-ups, and these apparently friendly expositions sometime may lead into channels not intended. Curly! you reprobate; you are the transgressor, so just be good enough to mend your ways in the future. Nobody in the institution knows better than you do, that John Henry is conscientious, and renders his decisions in a manly and straightforward manner, and the finger of distrust can never be leveled at him. Score 5—2. — Henry.