---
author: Timmy
day: '30'
editor: B-6591
id: '440'
image: umpire_1913_083.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Cubs Shut Out
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

GAMES OF JULY 23 Ninth vs Cubs—Library vs Shed— Plasterers vs Band CUBS SHUT OUT The Ninth decoyed the Cubs onto their lot Wednesday, and took a short hold of their tails and held them fast for seven innings, not allowing one of them to reach third base. Nevertheless the Cubs fought back savagely, snarling and biting, but to no avail, as the Ninth had too short a grip, and Bill was pitching masterly ball. Bill fanned eight men and walked one, while Tommy was close behind with seven fanned and two passes. The Cubs appeared dangerous in the fourth only, when Bill issued his only pass of the game, walking Charley, and Tim followed with the only safe hit secured off him, but Charley died stealing. Eight hits were made off Tommy, for a total of 16 bases, but were well scattered. In the second, the Ninth bunched three hits for two runs, Cap hitting one around the tenth block, for a home run, and Longie's two-bagger, followed by Bill's single. Through Julius' unintentional interference, Rube got a three-base hit. The Chef hit, what would have been for extra bases, but the First block wall stopped it. The features of the game was the batting of Cap, of the Ninth, and some clever stops by Julius, of the Cubs. Little Bobbie, of the Ninth, objected too strenuously to his out at third, and he was banished from the game by the umpire. Score 3 to 0. Umpire, Mack; who took charge of the bases also. — Timmy.