---
author: Henry
day: '30'
editor: B-6591
id: '441'
image: umpire_1913_083.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Band Lose Another
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

BAND LOSE ANOTHER The combat between the Band and Plasterers today was virtually begun and ended in the first inning. The writer does not make a point of censuring any player unless it is for culpable neglect. An incident occurred in this inning which tested one's patience. Before the game was' by any means lost to the Band, a situation arose when a most certain double play was imminent, but through the Poets indecision, and evident inability to do the right thing, at the right moment, Harry, on a bunt was allowed to occupy first base and Curly retained third. Both men ultimately scored, and to everybody's consternation, 7 runs were bunched in quick succession in this one inning, practically through the faux-pas already mentioned. Yellets, Stump, Tony (2), Curly, Jack and Davis were the next who scored. In the second, Felix scored on a wild throw; Curly and Jack also reached the plate in safety, and as the bases were again all full and the men were running about like rabbits, the writer deemed it useless to stay and be compelled to pile on the agony. Louis was on the hill for the Band, and after he had been beaten about shamefully, he retired in favor of Yeap, whose task to make up lost ground was now stupendous, and there was no hope left for the Band. Josh tallied in the first inning, and Yeap, Roge and Slim raised the score to 4. Score 11—4 in favor of Plasterers. —Henry.