---
author: Bill
day: '30'
editor: B-6591
id: '448'
image: umpire_1913_084.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Library Wins From Shed
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

GAMES OF JULY 25 Ninth vs Cubs—Library vs Shed— Plasterers vs Band LIBRARY WINS FROM SHED. The Shed and Library teams again crossed bats on Friday, and fought tooth and nail for eight fast and furious innings, the latter winning out by 1 run. Ban was on the mound for the Library, and his opponent was Ducky, Ban having twelve strikeouts and walking three; Ducky striking out eight, and passing four. John played excellent ball in the field for the Shed, catching four fly balls that saved runs from going home; he also excelled at the bat, having a double and two singles, scoring both of the runs that were tallied for the Shed. 6579 is certainly a comer for Ducky, as he played 2nd base in fine shape, retiring several men. Fingers made two hair-raising catches, one he ran in from center field and got behind second base, the other hot one he caught along the wall. Jore excelled for the Library, by fast and snappy playing, also having a double and a single to his credit, and scoring the first run, along with Ban and 6103 in the first inning. Every player was on his toes, and very good judgment was exercised by both teams alike, they were fast and snappy innings. Joe and John had the two best hits of the game, each having a double. The old reliable home-run Ban seemed somewhat off as he could not connect with Ducky's shoots. The game went through without a dissent from anyone, and was played clean and masterly. Ban allowed three hits, and Ducky allowed five. Jack and Smithy umpired in a very efficient manner. Final score :-—Library 3; Stocking Shed 2. — Bill.