---
author: Millsy
day: '6'
editor: B-6591
id: '454'
image: umpire_1913_085.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Plasterers Lose to Ninth
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PLASTERERS LOSE TO NINTH The Plasterers and Ninth, met on the stable grounds for the first game of the week's series. Both these teams are well matched, and whenever they come together on the diamond the spectators look for a good game, but the constant kicks by the Plasterers today disgusted all present. Mack is a professional umpire and in today's game rendered efficient service both behind the bat and bases, yet the Plasterers were continually finding fault with his decisions, which practically were ashade in their favor. But there was continual knocking against Mack's decisions which were undoubtedly fair and impartial to both teams. Curley was taken out in the second inning, after Timmy's hit, Betz's two bagger, and Lefty's home run, netting the Ninth three runs. Big Jack was in the box for the Ninth, but was relieved by Longie in the second inning who pitched splendid ball. Yaller took Curly's place on the mound, and was in fine form, Big Jack was the first to score for the Ninth. In the first inning the Barber for the Plasterers hit a ball over the twelfth block roof, going three bases, and coming home on Felix's hit, who died on first base. In the second inning, Lefty drove a ball over the sixth block make a home run and bringing Betz and Timmie home. In the third inning, the Ninth scored two more runs. In the fifth, Eggie sacrificed, bringing home Cap, who had received free transportation. In this inning the Plasterers also scored two runs, by the Barber and Stump. In the third inning a ball pierced the mask of Davis the catcher for the Plasterers, knocking him out, and Andy took his place behind the bat. Score 7—3 favor Ninth. —Millsy.