---
author: Mitch
day: '6'
editor: B-6591
id: '463'
image: umpire_1913_087.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Cubs and Band Tie
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

CUBS AND BAND TIE The Band clearly outplayed the Cubs in their game this afternoon, but, through the silliest sort of errors, on the part of their short fielder, the best they could do was to make it a tie. It was the prettiest and cleanest exhibition of ball-playing seen here in a long time, and every man taking a part in it is worthy of credit. Neither side was taking any chances and each used two pitchers in their efforts to win. The Cubs started with Butt in the box, but, after the Bandmen had touched him up for two passes, four hits and three runs in the first inning he gave way to Tommy, who held them down without a hit or run during the remainder of the game, while he struck out eight of the seventeen men up. Big Louie opened up well for the Band, holding the Cubs hitless until the fourth inning, when he went away up in the air, and was soaked for a single, two doubles and three runs. Yeap then took a hand, and while he was hit pretty freely, good fielding on the part of his team mates prevented the Cubs from obtaining the winning run. Marty came very close to it however in the fifth, but, was caught napping at third base. Swig distinguished himself by catching two high flies to center field, and Freddie nailed Yeap at the plate in good style. Umpires John Henry, James. Score 3—3. — Mitch.