---
author: Musical World
day: '2'
editor: B-2331
id: '47'
image: umpire_1913_014.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- history
- ' music'
title: A Few Notes
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

A Few Notes. The origin of the trumpet is lost in antiquity. No doubt the early savage discovered the sound producible from a conch, or big shell. It was a simple matter to make a hole in a cow's horn, and a natural step to copy it in metal. The ancient Romans knew the true trumpet. It was their Lituus, and was used by the cavalry. It was made by placing a long strip of thin bronze on a metal rod, turning it over neatly flanging and riveting it, and then coating the seam with wax to make it airtight. Nor was this all. The ancient Romans also learned how to bend the tube back on itself to make their trumpets more portable. It was forgotten during the dark ages, to be rediscovered in northern Italy in the thirteenth century. On the walls of the House of Gladiators at Pompeii, there is a fresco made 1,850 years ago, showing a trumpet almost identical in shape with the military keyless trumpet in use today. The oldest known sackbut, or posaune, or trombone which is still in existence was made by Jorg Neuschel, of Nuremberg, in the year 1557. The instrument is as much a trombone as any instrument finished yesterday, and has as good a tone. The only difference is that the bell does not spread out quite as abruptly as the modern bells do, but swells out gradually, more like a cow's horn. The instrument is beautifully finished, and the mouthpiece is very smoothly turned and artistically designed. A curious musical instrument of great antiquity, which is played by Hindus in a remarkable manner, is described by a writer in Harper's Weekly. his instrument, it is explained, consists of two small silver trumpets, with a most. delicately arranged apparatus within. When the natives play upon this instrument, they invariably excite the greatest wonder in the foreigner, who is perplexed to determine how the player produces the sounds, for he does not place the instrument to his lips, but adjusts it to his neck. Foreigners have thought that a player of such an instrument must be a ventriloquist, employing the trumpets to convey a false impression. It appears, however, that the variations of tone are produced by the variations in the quantity of air propelled through the instrument by the pulsations of the neck. Nothing could be more curious, it is said, than to witness a performance upon this instrument, and to hear the soft, sweet, musical sounds that emanate from the silver trumpets.—Musical World.