---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-6591
id: '494'
image: umpire_1913_092.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' player standings'
- ' ESP news'''
title: Among the Players
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

AMONG THE PLAYERS Rube and Eggie are tied for home-run honors; both having five to their credit. Cap leads the run-getters with a record of 20 runs in 16 games. Longie has a record of thirteen straight wins. Tommy of the Cubs shows a Pitcher's average of .583, but, he twirled in three more games than Longie, and in an average of eleven more than each of the other five men above him. Tony has a great record, pitching 1000, batting .420 and ranking third among the run-getters. The Ninth not only lead the League in games won, but, their players also lead in pitching, batting, fielding and run-getting. They look to be an easy winner on paper. The heavy swatters seem to have been corralled into the camps of the Ninth and Plasterers. The former have made 30 home runs, which is more than those obtained by all of the other clubs combined. Duckie can lay claim to being the "wildest" pitcher, passing 46 men in ten games. He was also the hardest worked, for he was obliged to face 219 batters in ten games in which he pitched. Yaller is the steadiest pitcher, passing only 12 men in a total of eight games played. Cap leads the batters. In 37 times up, he made 17 singles, 4 doubles and 4 home runs, with a total of 20 runs. The many trades made by the Library management in its effort to secure first class men has sadly interfered with the individual records of several star-players. Little Freddie, in addition to being a star catcher, is also some batter (.306) and run-getter (.71). Longie struck out 40 per cent of the men who faced him. Verily, he is the " strike-out Kid." From the figures at present, it looks as though the Cubs will have to hit the ball a little livelier, in order to nose out the Plasterers.