---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-6591
id: '496'
image: umpire_1913_093.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '5'
tags:
- criminality
- ' news'
- ' food'
title: Food Disease and Crime
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

FOOD DISEASE AND CRIME Professor Giddings, Columbia University, has been making an exhaustive study of the relation of food, to disease, crime and human inefficiency. It is as subject that is receiving wide attention, at the present time, from sociologists and medical men. Careful, proper and sufficient diet, it is claimed, is just a necessary for the able-bodied, as for the sick. The Medical Times says in this connection: "It is a conservative estimate that one-third of the people in the large cities of the country do not get enough to eat. These cannot be expected to make a winning fight against tuberculosis. Prof. Giddings thinks that human beings who have made it possible to cross the ocean in five days and who have made it possible to communicate the state of the entire world into editorial rooms all over the world every day and night could, if wanted to, bring it about that all persons in the world would have enough to eat. Millions never have enough to eat in a world in which hundreds of millions worth of things are wasted every year. Businessmen who are not in the least likely to die in the poorhouse maintain barbaric conditions in their factories and oppose decent legislation to improve these conditions. Prof. Giddings thinks it will be the work of the dangerous agitators to rectify conditions unless others wake up and make it their business—and soon. Otherwise we are fated to have loss of life and property and needless bloodshed. The medical profession is taking a decided interest in the bearings of economics upon disease. Nobody knows better than the physician the relation of underfeeding to tuberculosis and ineffectiveness of crusades that do not include changes in the social order."