---
author: Henry
day: '20'
editor: B-6591
id: '513'
image: umpire_1913_095.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Plasterers vs Library
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PLASTERERS vs LIBRARY After the Library's performance of last week, a close contest was expected between them and the Plasterers today. A disappointment was in store, because the Plasterers, through a large percentage of luck, had it all their own way, and brought the game to a conclusion with a shutout. Ban and Yaller pitched for their respective teams, and the latter pitched an exceptionally good game. Ban has not had much practice this season, which accounts for a little deficiency in that direction; but to say the least, his support today was putrid. Nearly all the runs were obtained on errors. Jack scored in the second inning on an overthrow. Andy in the fifth scored a home run with extreme luck. Jack scored on Barber's sacrifice. Stump scored on third baseman's error. Andy was sandwiched between second and third, and in the last inning Barber scored on Tony's triple. Yaller and Barber executed a nice double play which inconvenienced Slip and Louie somewhat, and Stump made a spectacular catch, of an outfield fly. The Library had opportunities to break their duck's egg. One occurred in the third inning,when Stew hit a two-bagger, and none out. Josh tore off a smoking single to center but was caught stealing third. Result, 5—2. Umpire, Mack.—Henry.