---
author: Henry
day: '20'
editor: B-6591
id: '533'
image: umpire_1913_098.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Band and Library Tie
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

BAND AND LIBRARY TIE. Amid most salubrious conditions in every way, the above game was played to a tie, and never, in our recollection, was a game followed. with more intense interest by the fans. The teams are pretty evenly matched, the men sleek as racehorses, trained to the hour, and above all, extremely zealous players. Ban opposed Yeap on the hill, and both pitching and fielding were superb. The feature of the game was Wilfred's splendid catch of Louis' equally magnificent clout to the wall in the 5th inning. The Library sustained a severe check in the loss of Josh, their famous third baseman, who dislocated his thumb. He did splendid work, making two doubles, which materialized runs on each occasion. Ban and Stew each scored a home run, and the final runs were made by Louis, (home run) and Beef Trust. The Library missed a splendid opportunity to score, when Tommy injudiciously attempted to steal third and was caught. Slim, for the Band, tripled and scored on Ike's home run. The latter is the smartest little player who has ever played in our League. Swig scored and Yeap tripled in the third inning. Ike passed, stole third very cleverly, and was scored by Julius in the fourth inning, who was caught stealing at third. Ban struck out 13 men, and deserved a victory. John Henry umpired with his usual efficiency. —Henry.