---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-6591
id: '544'
image: umpire_1913_100.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- alcohol
- ' labor'
- ' opinion'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

A Most insidious piece of flattery was injected into a recent communication to the Editor, when it was addressed, "the Auditor of the Empire." A LOCAL PAPER SAYS, "that it is always to the man who has a job, that the better one is offered. The fact that a man is out of work being too often accepted as prima facie evidence that he deserves to be." This statement expresses a fact, that only in a few instances can be controverted, always excepting sickness as a cause, of course. If the man who is out of a job will be honest with himself, and go over in his own mind the causes leading up to it, he will invariably find that he has shown some deficiency, which rendered his dismissal a matter of expediency to his employer. He may have been a fair or even a good mechanic, or clerk, or salesman or whatever his vocation, but was lacking in some other essential which made him objectionable. All of us have met the skilled mechanic with the ‘‘swelled head" who firmly believes that the business would go to the bow-bows, were it not for him. That man is objectionable to his fellow workmen and employer, alike, and his place will be vacant, the moment the proper man comes along. Another man, otherwise efficient, will have a surly, quarrelsome disposition that is sure to unfavorably affect his coworkers to an extent that his absence is desirable, in order to maintain that complete harmony, necessary in a working force. Similar instances could be multiplied many times, but just these two are mentioned to illustrate the point that in order to succeed, you must not only know your work and do it the best you are able, but, you must also regulate your deportment and habits, so that they will not come into conflict with the rights, privileges and comforts of others. THERE Is a great big lesson in the following: THE people of the United States consumed 143,220,000 gallons of whiskey and brandy, and 65,246,000 barrels of beer during the fiscal year of 19138, resulting in revenue to the government alone, $222,788,000. The amount paid by the actual consumer, was about five times this amount. Enough to buy baby several pairs of shoes.