---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-2331
id: '57'
image: umpire_1913_017.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' scores'
title: League Season Opens
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

League Season Opens

The Ninth Block starts the Season off by Opening with the Cubs

With a large crowd in attendence, the “Ninth” and the "Cubs" played the opening game of the season, and also their series at the Store House grounds. Four o’clock sharp, the umpire started the ball rolling. The first up to face Lippy, the Cubs pitcher, was Timmie, the Ninth’s manager, who hit first ball pitched for a single. The hit was a “bird,’’ and it nearly knocked a bird off the hat of a lady visitor, who was intently watching the game from the Store House steps. Always thought Timme was a ‘‘lady killer,’’ but he don’t have to prove it. Slick hit safe, Yeap fanned. Cap, hit by pitched ball, filling the bases. Lefty drew a pass, forcing Tim home. Then that old reliable slugger, both with his fists and stick Jack, hit a clout for one sack, scoring one run. Augie fouled out. Wade hit a liner scoring 2 more runs, and Bill followed suit with a two bagger. Timmie up for the second time, hit to the pitcher, retiring the side—6 runs. That was enough to sew the game up in a sack for the ninth.

Bill was a trifle wild, and allowed a few complimentary trips to first, but after the 1st inning he steadied down. He received excellent support, and was never in any danger.

Neither side scored in the second, Lippie, the Cub pitcher, using a slow ball, which was hit freely, but owing to good fielding behind him, no hits were scored.

Among the players on the Cubs, Jor., the 2nd base, Freddie 3rd and Marty the Cub’s manager, stood out from the rest. Jor’s catch of Slick’s liner in the 3rd doubling up Timmie wasa ‘‘beauty.’’

Marty caught a foul fly off the Storej House roof in the first, which brought applause from the crowd. Freddie showed that he can play any position by his snappy work on 3rd.

The ‘‘stars’’ of the Ninth, were Cap., Timmie and Slick, with Jack, 1st baseman, a close second. Cap., catch of Lefty's wild throw, holding his man on 3rd was a corker. His work was excellent, both at bat and in the field. Timmie done good stick work, so did Jack and Slick. Got to go some to beat this bunch of players. Behind a mask Slick feels at home, and covering first comes natural to Jack as working inside the roped arena. Makes no difference if they are boxing or baseball gloves, do they Blackie? The rest of the "Ninth" all played good ball.

The Cubs have a good team, which they demonstrated in the 5th, when they made a brave rally, but what they really need is a few hitters, and one or two more good pitchers, to take some of the burden off the present "flingers" who have been worked hard all last week and this.

Among the spectators, were a number of visitors. One of the Honorable Inspectors, the Warden, and the entire 5th Block, also a few who strayed from foreign parts. The behaviour of the boys was excellent, and showed their appreciation of the privelege extended them, by our respected Warden. Keep it up boys. The same teams play again today. Final score 13-1 favor the Ninth.

NINTH BLOCK
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
| 2331,ss  |    | 3  | 1  | 2  | 0  | 0  | 1  |
| 5904, c  |    | 4  | 2  | 1  | 0  | 1  | 0  |
| 6031, 1f |    | 4  | 2  | 0  | 1  | 1  | 0  |
| 3342, 3b |    | 4  | 3  | 0  | 1  | 4  | 0  |
| 5807, 2b |    | 4  | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 4997, 1b |    | 4  | 1  | 2  | 6  | 0  | 0  |
| 6410, rf |    | 4  | 1  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5627, cf |    | 4  | 1  | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| Bill, p  |    | 4  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 1  | 0  |
|          |    | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| Total    |    | 35 | 13 | 8  | 8  | 7  | 2  |

CUBS
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
| 6280,ss  |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 2  |
| 6353, 2b |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 2  | 0  | 0  |
| 6130, c  |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 1  |
| 5251, 1b |    | 3  | 1  | 0  | 6  | 0  | 0  |
| 5021, p  |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 1  |
| 5336, 1f |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 6114, 3b |    | 2  | 0  | 1  | 5  | 0  | 2  |
| 6210, rf |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5762, cf |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 4  | 0  |
|          |    | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| Total    |    | 24 | 1  | 1  | 15 | 5  | 6  |

SCORE BY INNINGS: 
Ninth Bloc 6 0 0 2 1 4 __ 13
Cubs         0 0 0 1 0 0 __ 1

2B hits, 5627, Bill. 3B hits, 5904.
Struck out by Bill, 9. By 5021, 1.
Base on balls, off Bill, 4. Off 5021, 7.
Hlt by pitched ball, 3342, 5021. Wild pitch, Bill.
Double plays, 6114, unassisted. 6343, unassisted. 
Stolen bases. 5251.
Left on bases, Cubs, 4. Ninth Block, 5.