---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-2331
id: '58'
image: umpire_1913_017.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' score'
- ' baseball'
title: Stocking Shed vs. Library
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

STOCKING SHED vs LIBRARY 

On April 8, under a clear sky, with the atmosphere a little chilly, the Library journeyed to the Stable Grounds to meet Lefty’s wild throw, holding his man on|the Stocking Shed. This game marked one of the first battles of the E. S. P. League, as the opening day of the season’s schedule, dated April 7, was postponed, and while I think from the large attendance that the day lay over helped to ‘‘incite’’ enthusiasm, as some of the spectators were present without their coats, which was a very acceptable companion under the prevailing weather conditions. 

Base-ball has certainly set the wheels The Cubs have a good team, of eagerness in turn, for wherever onegoes he will meet a group of rooters or stars, discussing their views and knowledge of the National Game.

I think that before we continue further, that we should extend our gratitude of thanks to our Warden, for his kindly consideration given to this amusement, by permitting every inmate of the institution to attend the games and create an interest that was heretofore put to a different angle, allowing our minds to center on more pleasant inclinations. Think of the entire Eighth Block, with the Overseers, out to see rivalry in action. So fellows, keep order, and have the warden feel that you appreciate this extension of liberty ; for the real fun has not commenced, and every one wants to be on the ground floor when the summer arrives to see the ball travel.

I will go back to the stable cinders for the benefit of those who where not present, and first of all; the other teams want to pay strict attention to a few words that should take root and they are: there are some good material exiting in these two teams that is worthy of attention."

When the umpire called "play ball," the fans were occupying every available perch. We will have to have a grandstand built if the crowd increases.

Jimmie, of the Library, was the first man to lead off the season with the bat, and the first ball thrown by the opposing pitcher, cut the pan in two ; but Jimmie waited and walked. Eggie followed with a sacrifice, that brought Jimmie to third, where he died; Whitey and Louie going out on strikes.

3725, the first batter np for Stocking Shed, hit the first ball thrown by Yellow and was safe at first. 5293 followedwith the same dope ; 3527 going to third; he tried to steal home and was out. Duckie hit the air and quitely sat down.

The second baseman of the Shed was off in his fiekling; perhaps a little over anxious. Summary of the game below.

STOCKING SHED
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
| 5725, 1b |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 6  | 0  | 0  |
| 5293, 3b |    | 3  | 2  | 1  | 0  | 2  | 0  |
| 5101, ss |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 1  | 1  | 0  |
| 6126, 1f |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5962, cf |    | 3  | 0  | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5805, p  |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 2  | 0  |
| 5653, c  |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 3  |
| 6087, rf |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 6443, 2b |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 4  |
|          |    | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| Total    |    | 24 | 2  | 7  | 7  | 5  | 7  |

LlBRARY
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
|----------|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
| 4263, 1f |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 6  | 0  | 0  |
| 5553, 2b |    | 3  | 2  | 1  | 0  | 2  | 0  |
| 5986, 1b |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 1  | 1  | 0  |
| 6165, cf |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5908, 3b |    | 3  | 0  | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5659, p  |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 2  | 0  |
| 5215, c  |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 3  |
| 6178, rf |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 6182, ss |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 4  |
|          |    | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| Total    |    | 35 | 10 | 6  | 11 | 6  | 1  |

SCORE BY INNINGS: 
Library              0 2 0 5 3 0 __ 10
Stocking Shed  1 0 0 0 0 1 __ 2

2 hits 5805. 3B hits, 5293; 5659. Struck out by 5659, 7. By 5805, 8.
Base on balls off 5805, 5. Hit by pitched ball. 5908. 
Wild pitch, 5805. Stolen bases, 4263, 5908, 6178. 
Left on bases, Library, 6. Stocking Shed, 4.