---
author: Detroit Journal
day: '10'
editor: B-6591
id: '590'
image: umpire_1913_109.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prison
- ' criminality'
- ' opinion'
title: Better Prison Conditions
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

BETTER PRISON CONDITIONS One hundred years ago men seemed to try to make prisons as bad as possible, hangings as frequent as possible and laws as comprehensive as possible, so that the prisons could always be full. Today it is one sign of better times that we are trying to make the prisons as little like dungeons as we can. States which have not abolished capital punishment are withholding severity and extending clemency on the smallest excuse. And finally, we are devising mechanisms by which even actual lawbreakers will be kept out of prisons with a chance to reform. The old legalism demanded that a man cast into prison should by no means come out, until he had paid the uttermost farthing of penalty. Smug people talked of justice being satisfied, when really what was being satisfied was not justice, but cruelty. The law was not an ameliorative agency looking for persons to help, but a vindictive and voracious creature seeking victims. The trouble with those past ages is not, the criminals were worse than those of today, but the good people were worse, than the good people of our times. Our sainted forefathers would do things which we would be horrified to hear of. It is fortunate for us that psychology has come in to help, and that surgery and eugenics have explained many problems of criminology to us. —Detroit Journal.