---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-6591
id: '599'
image: umpire_1913_110.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- gossip
- ' inside joke'
- ' baseball'
title: Local Pick-Ups
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

LOCAL PICK-UPS "What smatter, Pop?" The grounds are in good condition, the weather is ideal, the players are in trim, the boys promise to be good, so, ‘"what smatter?"' "The King is dead; long live the King!', Timmie has gone, but, the Chef is on the job as manager of the Ninth, and only waiting to show the people that he can manage a ball-team as well as a sirloin steak, or a filet de boeuf. Jack Coombs, the Athletic's great pitcher has injured himself again, it is reported, and it is doubtful if he will ever play the game in the future. The nature of his injury is being kept a secret. Oh! Ah!! There has never been a gross violation of the prison rules by any member of the E. S. P. League, or the genuine "fans"? witnessing the games. The delinquents may be found anywhere else than at a ball game. The dove of Peace has settled over the camps of the Army and Navy, for responding to the vigorous urging of their superior officers, they have both finally agreed to play their annual football game on the New York Polo grounds this year. Arrangements will be made immediately after the World's series to put the grounds in shape to accommodate 40,000 people, which will be some crowd. Sunshine, fresh air and physical exercise, made enjoyable by some sport, will do more to take a man out of himself, and kill the "‘brood"' germ, than all of the drugs on the Third Block. Life is just one dang thing after another. Now the theaters in this city have all combined in an agreement to stop the issuing of passes to their houses. There is to be no exception. Everybody barred excepting two dramatic critics on each of the daily papers, and they will only be favored on Monday nights throughout the season. Sorry, but we have engagements for those nights for some time to come. The President of the Commission says he is having an easy time of it just now, as there doesn't seem to be any Commish to preside over.