---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-2331
id: '6'
image: umpire_1913_006.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- baseball
- ' ESP League'
- ' ESP news'
- ' jokes'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

The E. S. P. League for 1913 will be opened on or about April 7th. There will be six clubs again in the field viz : Plasterers, Stocking Shed, Ninth Block, Cubs, Library and Band. New material has been injected into all the clubs; also the unusual spring crop of managers, star pitchers, catchers, etc. By unanimous consent of the League managers, (that is Dave the Plasterer suggested and Timmy of the Ninth agreed), our old friend Doc, in the Engine Room, was again elected president. The League will be governed by the same rules which were in effect at the close of last season, that is to say; the managers will comprise the Board, with a president, who as we stated above was unanimously chosen by the League managers; and all disputes and other matters connected with the League will be settled by them. : The Plasterers, with Dave at the helm, looks to be the strongest team on paper. The Ninth, with Timmy as temporary manager, has collected as many of the 1911 team as possible, (which a great many will admit, were some team), for their 1913 team, and in the main have succeeded. The next. most formidable team from our point of view, is the Library, with the Poet in charge. He has assembled a bunch that will give any team trouble. Jimmy, one of the Clerks from the Writers Room, | has, Gin devious ways known only to) himself), secured a team that will test the supremacy of the Ninth Block club, yea, even unto the Plasterers will this) young giant, (pardon, I mean Cub), question the right to first position. Another young man of studious pursuits has been inveigled into the coming battle, and will endeavor to make a showing with his trusty braves; we refer to Fingers, clerk on the Fifth Block, who will be at the head of the Stocking Shed, assisted by Duckie, a last season scout for the Ninth Block. Last, but not least, we have the Band, an unknown quantity. What the Music Master has in store for the other five teams, he alone can tell. Dave who plays the cornet is at the head of this gallant band, and if they can play bail as well as they can music, well all that we have to say is—As we were about to say, ‘‘That is all problematical." The first may be last and the last may be first, there is no telling; but to paraphrase one of the popular songs: "There's a Fellow from Missouri who wants to be shown.'' Below are some) of the players signed by their respective clubs. BAND Manager 5163 | 4209 5251 5504 5731 5752 | 5754 5830 6034 6283 6460 | 6086 6486 6461 6462 | CUBS | Manager to be selected 4984 4264 5336 6124 6130 6280 6353 6442 6445 6202 | 6388 LIBRARY Manager 6182 2042 5215 5552 5669 5771 5908 6981 6165 6178 6331 6344 6492 NINTH BLOCK Manager to be selected 2222 2331 3041 3342 3619 4997 5627 5807 5904 6031 6193 6420 PLASTERERS Manager 3034 1393 4258 4664 4770 4998 5192 5456 5591 5614 5804 6003 6114 6161 6275 6293 6424 STOCKING SHED Manager 6087 5101 5293 5653 5725 5805 5962 6076 6126 6191 6381 6438 6440 6443 6458 Season tickets for our games, can be obtained at the City Hall. Apply to Judges of Quarter Session Court. If there are any men in the Institution, who know how to keep correctly an official score card, will gain the everlasting ‘gratitude of the editor, by communicating with this paper at once. We are going to try and follow the | Big League as closely as possible in keeping the batting and fielding averages of the players. Every hit, error, stolen base, and etc. will be closely followed by competent score keepers. We understand that the ‘‘Corsican Brothers', Jimmy and Joe, have made application for umpires. Any club which object to these men, will file their protest at once. Kindly make way for the Ninth Block truck so we can unload their protest. In the future, tape will on sale at the Store House. Through the kindness of ‘the Warden, we will be able to purchase tape on our store orders. The tape is of best quality, and white in color. Tt will cost 58 cents per pound. Every ball used in a league game, must be covered with white tape. Yard Superintendent, Mr. Gillespie, filed a protest with the Commission in connection with the removal of the games from the Coal Pile to the Stable ground. The matter was referred to ‘‘Dave'', of the Plasterers, acting as a committee of one; and he recommends to dismiss the protest, thereby following out the original schedule and playing at the stable grounds. Step aside ruffian, and let that lady pass. No doubt there are some good players in the Institution who have not been unearthed by the managers. If such should be the case, they by getting in touch with some of the managers, they could undoubtedly be placed. But, if anyone thinks he can get out on the strength of his saying he can play ball, he is going to be disappointed. He will have to ‘‘show me'' or be ‘‘canned''. Managers can't afford to carry any deadwood this year.