---
author: B-6591
day: '17'
editor: B-6591
id: '600'
image: umpire_1913_111.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' opinion'
- ' editorial'
title: 'When the Gate Opens: A Reminder'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

WHEN THE GATE OPENS A Reminder BY THE EDITOR WHEN the big front gate opens shortly to allow nearly two hundred men to pass out from here to freedom, it is devoutly hoped, it will be closed against them for all time to come. The writer is scarcely in a position to preach on the subject of morality, nor has he those qualifications necessary for a moral instructor, but he does wish to call attention to the deep debt of gratitude due to the lady, whose persistent efforts have made possible the release of so many men at the present time. In a communication to the men in this place, which was printed in these columns on July 9th, among other things, Mrs. Fassit, said: "And now boys the time is coming, when you will again go forth into the world, to take up its burdens and sorrows. Do try to mean to be something, You can, if you will. And remember always that the greatest sorrow you can bring to me, will be to hear that you have returned to your old lives, and the greatest joy, to know that you are good men and true, in every sense of the word." These are beautiful words, faultlessly expressed, and within the understanding of every one of us. The lady asks very little—and certainly the little she does ask is clearly her due. It must be remembered, that what she has done for us, has been done solely through an earnest desire to help "her boys," as she is good enough to term us. She has helped many of us, when our own friends and even relatives have denied their aid. She believes in us, and for you men who are about to obtain instant benefit, the remainder of us, are waiting and hoping that you will not fail to pay your debt to this generous lady; that she may not be disappointed in her expectation, and that when our time comes, we too may go forward, determined you shall not outstrip us, in the payment of the debt, nor in the abundance of our gratitude. The writer believes that in our saner moments every one of us has a yearning to be good and honest; that even the most hardened among us, away down in his heart of hearts, would be willing to take a chance in the ‘‘honesty business," if he were shown the way. The main trouble is a foolish fear of what old associates might say, and another is, that he doesn't know how to "butt in." If this is so, don't be ashamed to accept the guidance of those who do know how, and are only too eager to show. others. When you are released do not walk the streets fearing that everyone you meet has been furnished a copy of your record, or that you are. bearing any marks distinctive from other men. Hold up your head, look every man in the eye, screw up your courage, and determine that you shall be judged by your present life, and not by that which has past. Having fully made up your mind to take up the proper life, stick to it, but get Busy. Get busy at once, for you have nothing to fear so much as idleness.