---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-6591
id: '602'
image: umpire_1913_111.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' exercise'
- ' opinion'
- ' parole'
title: 'Physical Exercise: Everywhere Being Recognized as Essential to Health and
  Morality'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PHYSICAL EXERCISE Everywhere Being Recognized as Essential to Health and Morality PERHAPS to the many conservative minds, the idea of installing a gymnasium, or large swimming pool, as a part of the equipment of a prison will seem a little short of preposterous. Yet the benefits that can be derived from both of these innovations are so great, that were the most conservative minds to give the idea but a limited consideration, they could not fail to become convinced of the health-giving usefulness of such a project. Everywhere throughout the land the benefits to be derived from athletic sports or systematic exercises are recognized; and yet within the walls of prisons but little or no provision is made to reap the benefit to be derived from instructing young men in good clean living. Baseball and other sports foster manliness and promote health, swimming pools make cleanliness a second nature; and gymnasiums promote morality and vigorous manhood. No diversion from his work or thoughts has a tendency to make the prisoner morose, anemic and lazy. His mind not being directed toward some useful channel, readily assimilates the criminal instruction and information which charges the atmosphere of every penal institution. Athletics would clarify the prison atmosphere of much of its criminal taint. No one can deny but what fresh air, and sunshine, and exercise are a panacea for most of the ills of humanity. Then, why deny them to the unfortunate individual behind the bars? Good Words.