---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-6591
id: '604'
image: umpire_1913_112.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' parole'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THE NATURAL interest aroused by placing into effect the recent Legislative enactment affecting the ‘‘old-timers," great that we give in full a copy of the bill, from which it may be seen that all persons convicted prior to July 1, 1911 are entitled to all of the benefits accruing under the Act of Legislature June, 1911, after they have served one-third of their original sentence. The Supplementary bill providing for this is as follows: No. 340 A SUPPLEMENTTo an act, approved the nineteenth day of June one thousand nine hundred and eleven, entitled "An act authorizing the release on probation of certain convicts, instead of imposing sentences; the appointment of probation and parole officers, and the payment of their salaries and expenses; regulating the manner of sentencing convicts in certain cases, and providing for their release on parole; their conviction of crime during parole, and their re-arrest and reconviction for breach of parole and extending the powers and duties of boards of prison inspectors of penitentiaries."Section 1. Be it enacted &c., That any convict in the State penitentiaries, who is now serving under a sentence or sentences imposed prior to the first day of July, one thousand nine hundred and eleven, may, when he or she shall have served one-third of such sentence or sentences, be eligible to parole under the provisions, and subject to the conditions of the Act of which this is a supplement.Approved -- The 19th day of June, A.D. 1913.John K. Tener. A man who has a job has a chance. The Eternal Question. Did you make parole?  The waters of the Pacific ocean have been let into the Panama canal, and it looks now as if it will be ready for business, long before the date set for the official opening. Any man who thinks he is so very much better than other men, isn't. President Wilson appears to have more faith in the money power of Wall Street, to bring the Mexican President to terms, than he has in the power of the Army and Navy. The man who is severe to himself, is gentle in his judgment of others. A local paper states that the daughter of the President of the United States was compelled to occupy the upper birth of a sleeping car, because "no gentleman or Democrat would surrender his reservation." But why this distinction between a gentleman and a Democrat? I've always noticed that those who have diamonds, wear them. The giant ocean liner, "Imperators" sailed from England for New York last Thursday with the largest number of persons ever aboard a ship, a total of 5019 including a crew of 1400. A year in jail is long enough, but a week would be better. In sending in matter for publication in the Umpire, if not original with the writer, please state the source from which it was taken. And another thing, be concise; write against ‘‘space,'' not for it.Health must be earned. Get it, you Lobster. The Warden accompanied by the Rev. James E. Ely, will lead a parade of 2000 mission workers through the streets of the Tenderloin tomorrow night, to mark the closing of the Lemon Hill Association's summer service on the City Hall plaza.