---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-6591
id: '612'
image: umpire_1913_113.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- alcohol
- ' opinion'
title: Real Men Don't Drink to Excess
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

REAL MEN DON'T DRINK TO EXCESS There are very few, if any persons addicted to drink who are not always ready to place the blame on some other person or happening, as an excuse for the reprehensible habit. Some drink when they have trouble, others to "drown their sorrows," others when they get married, others, yet, because they are married, but, any old thing, just so that they may be able to justify their failing, in their own mind, at least. In this connection a correspondent of a local paper appears to have hit the matter correctly, when he says: In fairness to men—men of courage, strength, wisdom and resolution—they do not drink to excess under any pretext whatsoever. They do not drink at all unless they find certain medical qualities in it for an exhausted physical condition. Youth is prone to err—always will. In the impatient fever of becoming a "man" the youth gets "gloriously tanked" or "three sheets in the wind.'' When he becomes a man—man in the strict sense of the word—he has done with those follies. Your man recognizes no obstacles in the so-called pretext or incentive arising from environments of cross-purposes. His indomitable spirit masters the situation. A lost job, domestic complications and other misfortunes only arouse his fighting spirit. I say that real men do not drink to excess. Others drink for no other reason than they can get it to drink, and the "pretext" is only an excuse.