---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-6591
id: '622'
image: umpire_1913_114.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' baseball'
- ' band'
- ' parole'
- ' gossip'
title: Local Pick-Ups
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

LOCAL PICK-UPS The football season has opened up, with several catastrophes, and the surgeons are looking for a prosperous year. Jingles states that he has retired from the management of the Library team. The big supply of base balls, which Connie Mack sent in, is liable to get moth-eaten for want of use. Prof. Wiegandt expects to lose many of his most valuable members of the Band, when the operation of the new law is placed into effect. The Orchestra has been "‘licked"' into splendid shape by little Joe, and the weekly concerts now being given are a genuine musical treat. Cincinnati is now the scene of a great gathering of baseball magnates who are attending the annual meeting of the National Baseball Commission which will supervise the drafting of players from the minor leagues. The minister who recently advocated the generous use of the slipper in upbringing children, has just electrified the country by spanking his own father. He probably had no children of his own to spank and the next nearest thing was his aged parent. He now wonders if the publicity given the affair will in any way impair his usefulness. Shouldn't wonder. Among the members of the Band who have been granted parole and will leave here shortly, is Jake of the Seventh Gallery. He has been here for four years, during which time he has made many friends among the officials and inmates. He takes with him their best wishes. Philadelphians who refused to support their wives and dependent children will hereafter be required to break stones in the House of Corrections quarries for 65 cents per day and the money thus earned paid over to their families. The operation of this law, it is thought will have a beneficial effect, and do much toward reducing the work of the Court, where about 4000, of such cases are disposed of annually. A graduate of the Mentor Correspondence School, a bang-up mandolin and guitar player, and a valuable member of the Bindery force will leave here tomorrow morning, when ‘‘Cal." starts on his long "hike" to Shamokin carrying with him loads of good wishes.