---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: B-6591
id: '624'
image: umpire_1913_115.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' criminality'
title: 'Honor Men Making Good: Come Through Rigorous Test With Credit'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

HONOR MEN MAKING GOOD Come Through Rigorous Test With Credit A MOST interesting piece of news matter appeared in the papers recently, which was probably passed over by a majority of the readers as scarcely worthy of attention. It related to the arrival in prison of two bodies of convicts who had been employed on road work, at widely separated points, and who had been ordered to return to the prison, without a guard, or escort, of any kind. They were simply handed tickets for their destination, and told to "Heat it back" and they did. The two bands of men met a few miles away from the prison, where a junction was formed, and together they made the rest of the journey. To the penologist, the fact that they did return was the all-important matter, but it is safe to say the prison authorities were on tenterhooks until their arrival was reported. But who can imagine the thoughts, the inclinations, and temptations overcome, by this crowd of "word of honor men" as the prison walls loomed before them? It was a severe test of the new system, and that the men came out of it in such splendid shape, will go far towards convincing the skeptical that there is indeed such a thing, as honor among those in whom it is least expected. Confidence begets confidence, and what is being done in respect to testing the value of the "word" of a criminal could very well be tried within the walls, without the serious risks involved in the "open-air'' experiment.