---
author: B-6594
day: '24'
editor: B-6591
id: '632'
image: umpire_1913_117.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- advice
- ' proverb'
title: Moral Truisms
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

MORAL TRUISMS By B 6594 TRUE HAPPINESS Look on the bright side. It is the right side. Our lot may be hard, but it will make it no easier to wear a gloomy and sad countenance. It is the sunshine and not the cloud, that makes a flower. There is always before or around us that which should cheer and fill the heart with warmth. The sky is blue ten times where it is black once. You have troubles, so have others. None are free from them; and perhaps it is as well that none should be. They give sinew and tone to life—fortitude and courage to man. That would be a dull sea, and the sailor would never acquire skill where there was nothing to disturb the surface of the ocean. It is the duty of every one to exact all the happiness and enjoyments he can, within and without him, and above all he should look on the bright side of things. What though things do look a little dark? The lane will turn, and the night will end in broad In the long run, the great balance will right itself. What is ill becomes. well, what is wrong, right. Men are not made to hang down their heads or lips, and those who do, only show that they are departing from the paths of true common sense and right. There is more virtue in one sunbeam then in a whole hemisphere of clouds and gloom. Cultivate all that is warm and genial—not the cold and repulsive, the dark and morose. You have known people within whose influence you feel cheerful, amiable, hopeful, equal to anything. I do not know a more enviable gift than the energy to sway others to good, to diffuse around us an atmosphere of cheerfulness, fidelity, truthfulness, piety, and generosity. It is not a matter of great talent, not entirely a matter of great energy; but rather of earnestness and honesty, and of that quiet, constant energy, which is like soft rain gently penetrating the soil. It is rather a grace than a gift. There is nothing substantial and satisfactory but the supreme good, in it, the deeper we go and the more largely we drink, the better and happier we are. Therefore, look on the bright side by doing right by right motives.