---
author: B-6591
day: '1'
editor: B-6591
id: '641'
image: umpire_1913_119.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: 'League Season Closed: Ninth Block wins the Pennant—Season a Big Success—Men
  Were Well Conducted—President''s Review'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

LEAGUE SEASON CLOSED Ninth Block wins the Pennant—Season a Big Success—Men Were Well Conducted—President's Review E. S. P. Baseball League season closed with the games of August 19, and the positions of the clubs on that date is announced as their standing in the race. A review of the season by the President of the Commission (Doc.) follows for which we extend thanks. Outside of the regular players there are very few men who knew of the existence of this official, nor of the amount of detail work which fell to him as the result of his office. Without him the games could not have succeeded with any degree of system, and he has frequently been called on to bring order out of chaos, which he did in a quiet unostentatious way, agreeable to all. He was thoroughly familiar with the rules of the game, enforced them impartially, and exercised rare judgment and patience, in passing upon the matters which came before him. With the sanction of the officials, he supervised the games along the same lines as those governing the big leagues, as near as possible, and to him must be accorded the merit of making the season a success. [Editor]

THE PRESIDENT'S REVIEW The E. S. P. League Baseball season for 1913 closed on August 19, and the winning club is announced as the Ninth Block. The official standing of the clubs at the close of the season is as follows:
|            | W. | L. | Pct. |
| Ninth      | 22 | 3  | .808 |
| Plasterers | 20 | 5  | .800 |
| Cubs       | 16 | 9  | .640 |
| Band       | 8  | 17 | .320 |
| Library    | 6  | 19 | .240 |
| Shed       | 3  | 22 | .120 |

Throughout the entire season the Ninth and Plasterers demonstrated their superiority over the balance of the clubs, and attained their positions solely on their merits. In the first half, the Library and Cubs were tied for third place, but with the beginning of the second half, the latter steadily drew away, and the Band, through the infusion of new material, jumped from last position to the fourth. The Cubs played a remarkably consistent game in both halves, though going better and stronger toward the close of the season. The Stocking Shed was entirely outclassed, winning only nine games the whole season out of 55 played. This was expected, however, and no one was disappointed. The most remarkable reversal was that of the Library team, which from a percentage of .567 in the first half, fell back to .240 at the close. The whole season has been a wonderful success when it is considered the conditions under which we labored, and it is very gratifying to be able to state that both the players, and the men witnessing the games, conducted themselves with propriety. This is particularly satisfying, in that it shows that the confidence of the Warden has not been misplaced. The games were fought out according to the rules, and the umpires rendered their decisions fairly and honestly as they understood the rules of the game. They worked hard, and displayed both moral and physical courage which entitles them to the favorable commendation of all who are interested in baseball. The scorekeepers also did splendid work throughout the season, and I wish to thank them now for their painstaking efforts. It is only fair to state that the men from the Blocks who witnessed the games this year for the first time, conducted themselves in a manner which must inure to the credit of all, when the question arises in the future as to the advisability of making the E. S. P. League a permanent feature of the institution. The President.