---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-6591
id: '642'
image: umpire_1913_119.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Giants
- ' Athletics'
- ' baseball'
title: World's Championship
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP Athletics and Giants Will Begin the Series in New York Next Tuesday HE beginning of the great baseball classic will be staged on the New York Polo grounds on Tuesday, October 7, and alternate between that beautiful spot, and Shibe Park, on successive days until either the Athletics or Giants have tallied up four victories. The Athletics lost the toss for the opening game which goes to the Polo grounds. That does not disconcert Mr. Connie Mack, or any of his cohorts, for they believe they can administer the necessary drubbing at any old place. New Yorkers to a man have picked the Giants to win, but, they are not backing up their views with money, except as an even thing. Both champions are putting up a weird game of ball these days, which indicate almost anything other than star performances. This may be only a blind, however, for both teams are watching the other's playing, through their experts, in hopes of securing a line on their weak points. All the details of the big event have been gone over very thoroughly; the prices of admission and disposing of tickets adjusted, and it is now up to the weatherman to do his part, to insure the biggest attendance ever at an athletic event. Conolly and Egan, of the American League, and Klem and Rigler, of the National, will umpire the games.