---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-6591
id: '645'
image: umpire_1913_120.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- The Umpire
- ' printing'
- ' prison'
- ' University of Pennsylvania'
- ' news'
- ' Panama Canal'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

AUTUMN began September 23, 10.37 A.M. The Editor of one prison paper gives his readers something like this: "Only a few more weeks." "Five long weary years." "Once we counted years, but now we are counting weeks."' Suppose he thinks he is the only one. On September 27, there was an historic event when the tug Gatun entered Gatun Lake, by way of the mammoth Gatun locks, and achieved the distinction of being the first vessel to make practical use of the Panama Canal. THE EXHIBITIONS of rowdyism indulged in by the University of Pennsylvania boys, is a disgrace to any city and should not be tolerated, for a moment, no matter whose sons they are. Recently a crowd of Sophs, marched a Freshman through the crowded streets, and forcibly made him kiss a strange young lady. Fortunately, she had an escort who was provided with both brawn and courage, and he effectually put the ruffians to rout. A few years ago about this season, they took a Freshman, stripped him as on the day he was born, and then tied him twenty feet up in the air, to a telephone post, where he hung in full view of the residents of the fashionable neighborhood in which it occurred, as well as the many passersby, until he was finally rescued by the police. Some time previous to this, the boys from the same University, knocked down and trampled an old lady nearly to death, in one of their insane college rushes in Broad street station. What the authorities term an ebullition of boyish spirits in these fortunate young men, would be called a sure sign of criminal depravity in "‘Yiddisha Sam,'' or "Reddy" Murphy, and land them behind the bars in a hurry. A course in deportment with Professors Jack Johnson, and Sam Langford, to beat it in, is what these young "gentlemen" need. The lad who lassoes an idea and hog-ties it, is the only one who really counts. A STRIKING instance of the law's delay, when money is used to brake it, is shown in the recent statement that the cases against the Bayliss Paper company, have been postponed to the next November term of court. The defendant concern was adjudged by a special jury as responsible for the great Austin Dam catastrophe, September 30, 1911, in which 84 lives were lost, and $1,500,000 worth of property swept away. The reason given for the delay is that the defendants are endeavoring to make a settlement out of court for a measly $300,000. A committee is a thing which takes a week to do what-one good man can do in an hour. THE MECHANICAL work, as well as the preparation of the subject matter of the Umpire is done wholly by inmates. Except to pay the cost, the officials take no part in its publication, even by way of suggestion. The Editor made an effort some time ago to have the paper given at least a semi-official standing, but the response was, "No, give it all to the boys." All that I claim for myself is that I am right part of the time. And that is better than being dead wrong all the time. A correspondent asks us to print the lines, "The Face on the Bar-room Floor." Will someone please furnish the words?