---
author: B-6594
day: '1'
editor: B-6591
id: '649'
image: umpire_1913_121.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- advice
title: Moral Essays
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

MORAL ESSAYSBy B 6594 HELP ONE ANOTHER This little sentence, help one another, should be written and stamped on every heart and memory. It should be a "golden rule,' practiced in every inhabited land throughout the world. By helping one another we not only remove thorns from pathways and anxiety from the mind, but we feel a sense of pleasure in our own hearts, knowing we are doing a duty to our fellow creatures. A helping hand, or an encouraging word is no loss to us, yet a benefit to another. Who has not, in this and other similar institutions, felt the power of this sentence ? Who does not and has not needed the encouragement of a kind friend 2? How soothing when perplexed with trials and burdens which have come upon us, just or unjust, to feel a helping hand, on our shoulders, and hear the kindly voice whisper,—‘‘do not be discouraged; I see your trouble—let me help you." What strength is inspired— what hope created—what sweet gratitude is felt, and the great difficulty dissolved like dew beneath the sunshine. Yes, let us help one another by endeavoring to strengthen the weak, and lift the burden from the weary and oppressed, that life may glide smoothly on, and the fount of bitterness yield sweet waters, and he whose hand is ever ready to aid us, will reward our humble endeavors, and every good deed will be as "bread cast upon the waters, to return after many days," if not to us, to those we love. Thousands breathe, move and live, pass off the stage of life, and are heard of no more. Why? Because they did not partake of the good "‘help one another'' in the world, and none were blessed by them; none could point to them as the means of their relief from distress; not a line they wrote, not a good word they spoke, that could be recalled; and so they perished; their light went out in darkness, and they were not remembered. Will we thus live and die ? O, man immortal ! Let us live for something. Do good, and leave behind us a monument of virtue that the storms of time can never destroy. Let us write our names in kindness, love and mercy, on the hearts we come in contact with We will then never be No, our names, and deeds will be as legible on the hearts we leave behind as the stars on the brow of evening. Humility is another form of energy. simply going after the thing by another route, and deceiving yourself as to the motive.