---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-6591
id: '652'
image: umpire_1913_121.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- joke
- ' racist'
- ' inside joke'
title: Said To Be Funny
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

It is SAID TO BE FUNNY Let us be thankful for occasional visits from the man who sees the funny side of things. Many a fellow has been cornered who wasn't square. Blink—(To circus manager) "Soy, I'm a actor, and I wants a job wid your show." Manager—‘‘Who told you about the vacancy so quick? Step right in, the job is yours; the monkey died five minutes ago, and you can take his place." "I never realized before," said the newcomer, "how much water there is in soup, until I swallowed a ginger cake, and heard it splash."Oh, the Irish. One of them called on Mr. Loan the other day, and asked him for an empty flour barrel to make a hog pen for his dog. Dunnie unloads the following: "Did you say mah train'd be along in ten minits, suh," asked and old darkey of the railway station agent. "Yes Uncle."' "I jest axed you, suh, 'cause I ain't got my rabbit foot ‘bout me, an' dat dere board say, 'All trains on time 'cept one,' I was jest figurin' dat one would be mine." "Some one's tampered with the bulletin board," declared the agent, rushing excitedly to the platform. The bulletin read: "All trains on time—Sept. 1." okThe Doctor says that the feeble growth of hair just discernible on Jingles' head may be attributed to the fact, that he has not had an opportunity to ‘‘butt in" lately. Slay of the Writer's room says he was unable to be fitted with a bathing suit in his hometown, so he placed his order with the Spaulding people, of Philadelphia, who acknowledge it in the following letter: Dear Sir: From the measurements enclosed in your order for a bathing suit, we judge it myst be for an elephant, and suggest that what you probably need is a tent, which will be furnished reasonably by Vanderhoechen Sons, this city.