---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-6591
id: '653'
image: umpire_1913_122.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Athletics
- ' Giants'
- ' baseball'
- ' alcohol'
title: The Big Leaguers
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THE BIG LEAGUERS This is the Last Week--League Championships "Cinched" by the Giants And Athletics—Now For The Big Doings

NATIONAL LEAGUE
|            | W. | L. | Pct. |
| New York   | 97 | 48 | .669 |
| Phila      | 85 | 58 | .594 |
| Chicago    | 86 | 65 | .570 |
| Pittsburg  | 78 | 69 | .531 |
| Boston     | 66 | 82 | .446 |
| Brooklyn   | 64 | 81 | .441 |
| Cincinnati | 64 | 87 | .424 |
| St. Louis  | 49 | 99 | .331 |

AMERICAN LEAGUE
|           | W. | L. | Pct. |
| Athletics | 95 | 53 | .642 |
| Washin'n  | 86 | 53 | .577 |
| Cleveland | 83 | 65 | .561 |
| Boston    | 76 | 69 | .524 |
| Chicago   | 77 | 72 | .517 |
| Detroit   | 64 | 85 | .429 |
| N. York   | 55 | 91 | .377 |
| St. Louis | 56 | 94 | .373 |

This is the last week of the season for the two big leagues, but so far as the championships are concerned, they have been won by Connie Mack's bunch, and McGraw's prize packages. In the National League the Phillies win second place, but the honors of that position in the American, is still in doubt, as both the Washingtons and Clevelands have a fighting chance. It was only by the narrowest margin that this city missed the glory of having a monopoly of the championships, for had the Phillies not suffered that awful skimp in midseason, they would have had McGraw's bunch beaten to a frazzle. Dooin has demonstrated that if he is allowed a free hand, and a little money to buy the material, he can put a "champeen" team together with the next one. Well it was for Mr. Mack, that he started to make a runaway race of it in the beginning of the season, and obtained such a commanding lead, for the Athletics have fallen much below the high standard of championship form, which they established for themselves. In the world series they will only have two veterans in the pitcher's box, Plank and Bender, with Houck, Pennock and Bush as the youngsters. Houck leads all the others of Mack's men in the pitching department, with a percentage of 789; Bender follows with .679: Pennock, .667; Bush .650 and Plank .630. The Giants have Demaree, .825; Marquard, .697; Maithewson, .676 and Tesrau, .618. They have only two hitting over .800. Meyers, .310, Snodgrass, .300. The Athletics show up much stronger with heavy men and will tersin the persons of Collins, .340; McInnis,. 326; Baker .324; D. Murphy, .298 and Strunk, .288. However, there is little use to try and dope it out on paper. Sufficient data is given above to try it out for yourselves. While all of New York is rooting for the Giants, it is significant of the true situation that they are not offering any odds, and the only bets recorded as yet, are a few stingy $20. and $50. ones. The most money is being placed at present on the result of the pitchers, and the real big money will probably not be in evidence until after the first game, when the fans will have a line on the players. It is interesting to note that Connie Mack is a total abstainer from liquor and tobacco, and never uses swear words at home or abroad. He scores every game played by his men, and his voice is never heard in protest on the field. The attention of both Rube and Jingles is called to this little idiosyncrasy of a successful baseball man. The Athletics have been under the management of Mr. Mack for thirteen years, during which time, they have won 5 championships; 3 times in second place; once in third position; twice in the fourth; once in the fifth, and once in the sixth. In addition to this they were twice winners of the World's Championship. Some record. Ty Cobb still leads the American League hitters with .381. Joe Jackson, second with .373.Walter Johnson has all the other pitchers put to rout, with a percentage of .833. Houck, of the Athletics, second with .789. An English nobleman who recently witnessed his first game of ball in Canada, purposes to remain in this country long enough to see the world series, and learn how the game is pulled off by real artists.Connie Mack has demonstrated that baseball can be conducted in a quiet, honest way, without resource to trickery or jockeying of any kind, and has done more to dignify the game, than any one man, living or dead. He is respected by the magnates, idolized by his men, and held in the highest esteem by newspaper men.