---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-6591
id: '682'
image: umpire_1913_130.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' parole'
- ' Judaism'
- ' The Umpire'
- ' printing'
title: Local Pick-Ups
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

Local Pick-UpsBig day in Harrisburg, to-day. Gee, but Philly's a good old ball town. Even a worm will turn. Who's a worm ? The high cost of living has struck Mackentieville in a sore spot. Sauerkraut is $17 a ton and the market going stronger. There will be a ‘Concert Recital' on the Center by the Temple Girl's Octette of Philadelphia, next Monday evening at 7 p.m. Timmie is some hustler. He left here; took a two-day holiday; started to work was taken sick; underwent two painful operations in the hospital, and back, again on the job, all within four weeks. The expected exodus appears to have been delayed, and there are quite a few sore hearts in this place in consequence. There are certainly some game sports here. Quite a number of them were in evidence last week, and had the nerve to back the Giants to win. Such courage is worthy of a better cause. Ty Cobb is not in it with our own Cap John, who batted .481, without winking a lash. Even Rube touched the ball for .373. Walter Johnson was given an automobile for being the most valuable man to his team in the American League. By the way, the Senators were all rooting for the Athletics to win.The Hebrew Day of Atonement, (Yom Kippur) was observed by the Jewish inmates last Saturday, by prayer and fasting, from 6 a.m. until 6 p.m. The Warden was good enough to permit the use of the Emergency Hospital building for the occasion, and the men are very grateful to him for this distinguishing mark of his favor. An important dispatch from Washington states that President Wilson is becoming worried about his continued loss of hair, and has decided to call in a specialist in hopes of saving the remainder of the crop. That Turkish method sounds good to me, especially the butter part of the treatment, if it could be taken inwardly.The boys in the Printing office took off their coats and did some good work last Wednesday, so that the readers of the Umpire could have the very earliest news of the Big Game. Thirty-five minutes after the last piece of ‘‘copy"' had been turned in, the form was on the press, and Mackenteville Weeklies turning out as fast as the power would permit. At the last moment however, the carrier-boys struck, which was the only reason the papers were not served with your dinner. While 11 rescue vessels summoned by wireless stood helplessly by in a raging gale, the ocean liner Volturno, of the Uranium fleet, from Rotterdam to Halifax and New York, burned in mid-Atlantic from Thursday morning to Friday morning last. About 136 of her passengers and crew were lost, and about 521 persons saved, after the gale went down. All of them were foreign born, and mostly Russians, Dalmatians, Poles, and Germans. It is estimated that up to the present time fully 5000 persons have been saved by wireless telegraph.