---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-6591
id: '699'
image: umpire_1913_134.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- music
- ' concert'
title: Splendid Concert Recital
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

SPLENDID CONCERT RECITAL It would be rather singular, if the eight young ladies comprising the Temple Girls Octette, who gave us such a delightful entertainment on Monday evening, were not just a wee bit nervous when they were confronted with such boisterous applause. These signs of approbation seemed to roll in waves, from block to block, as each succeeding one took up the key, and then augmented the sounds with the familiar and peremptory cry of "‘singatover,'' ‘‘singatovergain;"' cries peculiarly characteristic of the place, and the men. It must have been a new experience for the ladies to sing for an audience which could not be seen, and which gave expression to its highest approval with such frantic cries. Doubtless they were also greatly pleased to be assured that so much enthusiasm was safely housed. However, the applause was properly inspired by the beauty of the singing, and conveyed the hearty appreciation of the men, for we are rare critics, and keenly alive to the delights of music, faultlessly rendered. The Concert was a royal treat, such as we have not enjoyed in many days, and doubly appreciated by the knowledge of the generous impulses which prompted these charming young ladies to give the inmates of the institution an hour of the rarest pleasure. The beauty of their hearts and faces must certainly be in keeping with the beauty of their voices, for such exquisite melody could only emanate from a source entirely in harmony. The numbers selected for the program indicated an acquaintance with the tastes of the men, and were rendered with beautiful effect, rather emphasizing the intent of the composer. None of the voices was strong, but all had the peculiar bird-like sweetness eminently feminine, and associated with youth, and therefore greatly satisfying. The men wish to extend their warmest thanks to Mr. William Powell Twaddell, the Musical Director and Organist of the Baptist Temple, and the young ladies, for the great pleasure the Concert gave them. Being only human, they, of course, also beg for a repetition of the entertainment. The ladies taking part were, Miss Ida Wiggins, Miss May Clayton, Miss LaRue Kellar, Miss Irene Forbes, Miss Evelyn Steinman, Miss Gwendolyn Vance and Miss Elizabeth Vance.