---
author: B-5847
day: '29'
editor: B-6591
id: '700'
image: umpire_1913_135.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- London
- ' '
title: The Colossal City
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THE COLOSSAL CITY By B 5847. LONDON does not rest, never sleeps, grows always, and very few, that were born and have spent their lives there, know it thoroughly well. Mostly all are foreigners, who climb into the cupola of Saint-Paul's, from whence an admirable conjunctive picture of the great city can be obtained on clear days. Seen in such a way London offers a picture that is unique, that captivates and makes the beholder feel sad at the same time. Buildings, always buildings, some of them over a thousand years old, while at the same time others are constantly being constructed. There are in the colossal European Metropolis 657 miles of railway-tracks; 84 miles of underground tracks, with 161 miles now building. There are 750 railway stations. Before ten o'clock in the morning, 2,400 trains have entered the stations of the different companies. The City proper, or center of business, occupies no more than about one square mile, yet, in spite of this restricted area, there enter daily, an average of 1,200,000 persons, about half of them come by the Metropolitan Railway. Added to this enormous monument of trains, must be about 400 miles of tramway, or street-car tracks; besides the omnibuses, both horse and motor-power cabs, hansoms, etc., which cover about 235 miles of streets. The port of London has wharves with a total length of 37 miles. statistics, for the year 1910—merchandise worth 228 000,000 pounds sterling entered, and worth 132,000,000 pound sterling, left the port of London.London is lighted by 88,836 gas lamps, and 12,394 electric arc-lights; for this alone London has to pay daily 15,000 pounds sterling. One hears and speaks of the parks in Paris, the gardens in Berlin and Vienna. In Paris, the parks and gardens occupy an area of 4,992 hectares; including the woods of Vincennes and Bolougne. The garden area of Berlin proper, is only 1,740 hectares. The garden area of Vienna even a great deal less. In London's administrative radius are 327 parks and gardens, with a superficial area of 15,894 hectares. London's police force counts 19,221 men, with 248 Inspectors. There are (55 Courts, not including the High-Courts of Justice and Children Courts. London counts 885 elemental schools, with 17,000 teachers of various grades, and with about 850,000 pupils, plus 117 secondary schools, 71 technical schools, 31 colleges, incorporated with Universities and 299 night schools. There are about 57 theatres, 52 music ‘halls, 266 dance halls, and innumerable moving-picture shows, circuses etc. Through the streets circulate daily 15,955 public carriages of all sorts. Of these 6,397 are autos. Motive-power vehicles are constantly replacing those propelled by animal power. The municipal authorities have taken ae annually 1,000,000 tons of garbage and waste. The drainage-pipes have a total length of 557 miles. For telephone service the enormous population is connected with 776 exchanges, with an annual connection of over 850,000,000 calls, besides, in London proper, there are sent about 31,000,000 telegrams.The Bank of England has a circulation in Bank of England, notes of over 28,000,000 pounds sterling, and has a reserve of 39,000,000 in her vaults.London more than any other city, is a conformation of smaller cities.By the side of palaces are found infested and miserable hovels, narrow and dirty streets open into some of the most wide and elegant avenues, where imperial luxury, hygiene and opulence holds superior sway. Such is London, the colossal, with a population of about seven and a half millions of people.