---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-6591
id: '708'
image: umpire_1913_136.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- news
- ' prison'
- ' warden'
- ' The Umpire'
- ' news'
- ' jury system'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

A Good ONE from a local paper: "A woman makes the trip alone, but when a man goes to the devil, he nearly always takes his wife and children with him." Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties. THE British GOVERNMENT has a commission at work looking into its entire jury system with a view of remedying its defects, or abolishing it all together. In this connection Mr. George S. Graham, former District attorney of this county, recently made a savage attack upon our own jury system, in the course of his argument in the case of former Director Henry Clay, appealing from the lower courts from his conviction of conspiracy, about a year ago. To speak wisely may not always be easy, but not to speak ill requires only silence. THE WARDEN's TALK on "The Man Behind the Bars," judging from the little bits we have gathered, is rather along the line of educating the public to a better understanding of the convict, and as such, should have a wide distribution. As he plainly can reach but a small fraction of the people in person, it is believed his "talk" might be printed and given a wide circulation, with good results. Fame is a bubble, but mighty few of us get hold of the right kind of soap. JULIAN Hawthorne, the novelist, recently released from the Atlanta prison, is adding to his laurels as a writer of fiction, by printing some of the most dreamlike bits of prose ever written in connection with prison conditions. It is suspected that Julian has been the victim of some prison practical-jokery who filled him with "‘hot-air."' This is what he claimed, when his vivid stories of wealth buried in the Canadian mines, successfully lured the dollars from the pockets of credulous victims, and paved the way to the penitentiary for himself. The son of his father has been very persistent in demanding large chunks of sympathy for himself, but, he has never been heard to express a single regret for the people who were fleeced. It's a selfish old world, after all. A poor barber and a dull razor, generally pull together. THAT THE EDITOR of a local paper which has the habit of roasting us every few days, must be ill, and a substitute writing his editorials, is the only explanation we can give for the following, taken from a recent issue: "Most men who go to jails, are not to spend their lives there. They are to come forth someday into the sunlight again to look for occupation, and the influences that surround them in their captivity, should be those which will reclaim them to moral health, and not drag them to a lower spiritual level." "Prison is the last place for petty tyranny and official exaction. It is not—never can be—a clubhouse where amenities and comforts make existence within the walls preferable to life without, for a human derelict and Ishmaelite, But a man's a man. and the judge's sentence does not rob him of his right to his own identity and retrieval." Hike for respectability and cuddle safely under her paisley, and it is you for a Mollycoddle Get weaned. For goodness sake, get weaned.