---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-6591
id: '712'
image: umpire_1913_137.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- warden
- ' prison'
title: Warden Defends His Men
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

WARDEN DEFENDS HIS MEN: About ten days ago the Warden put on his Sunday clothes, and broadest smile, and the evening being pleasant, he strolled over to the Unitarian church, on Girard avenue to give one of his interesting little talks to the congregation which was awaiting him. They had come prepared to be interested, and indeed to be entertained, but, they were hardly prepared for the shock they experienced, when the Warden told them, that he had less trouble with the fifteen hundred men, and women he has in charge than many ministers have with their congregations of 500, or less. There was a stiffening of necks, and some smiles of incredulity, which wore away as the Warden proceeded to place "The Man Behind the Bars" before them, true light. He declared that many of his men ought not to be in prison at all, for it was entirely due to the cupidity of some magistrates and other minor officials of up-state towns, that many men were serving time in Cherry Hill. Men convicted of petty crimes and misdemeanors, he said, are sent to the prison by officials, who are anxious to earn a fee. Answering criticism levelled at him following the parole of over 100 prisoners he said since 1910, seven hundred prisoners had been paroled. Of this number only 13 have been returned for crimes committed; 55 returned for breaking parole; 3 for leaving the jurisdiction of the State without permission, and 4 who voluntarily returned because they could not find employment. He claimed Pennsylvania had been the most successful in educating prisoners, many of them becoming efficient engineers, and mechanics. in his He spoke earnestly of the frugal habits many of the men have acquired while here, and the number of them who have substantial balances to their credit in the institution, or in savings banks. He pointed out to his attentive audience that of the men recently discharged, over $2,000 had been handed to them, representing in most cases, from the savings of their earnings while in prison.