---
author: B-3116
day: '5'
editor: B-6591
id: '725'
image: umpire_1913_140.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- poetry
- ' prison'
title: Only One and a Few
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

With the PoetsONLY ONE AND A FEWOf all the pet sayings that pleases the boys, In their present unfortunate state, There's none that pleases them more than the The one I'm about to relate. [one, While here you're confined, you're troubled in mind, With your five or your ten here to do, And you long for that day when you boldly can say, ‘‘T've only got one and a few," So keep up a stout heart, from your courage don't part, But do your "‘bit'"' manfully through; Be it four, five or ten, or twice that again It will come down to one and a few. Quite often while sitting alone in my cell, After working quite hard all the day, My mind often goes to the day that I fell, And the "‘bit'"' which I now have to stay. Often 1'l. own, wbile sitting alcne, I feel sad and discouraged too, And I long for the day when I gladly can say "I've only got one and a few." There's many a home that is cheerless to-night And many a mother feels drear, 2 As she thinks of her loved one away from her sight, It causes her many a tear. Although others forget you, to her you're the same, Misfortune but makes her more true And although she feels sad, wont she feel glad When you've only got one and a few. Now don't feel discouraged no matter how long You have in this prison to stay, For you know that to fret and to worry is wrong, While laughter drives dull care away. Old Time is the boy that you want to employ, And he'll jog along, constant and true. And you'll find in the end that he is the friend That has brought you to one and a few. Z (Refrain) But here you were confined all through your time, So cheer up the days have come down to rhyme O, wont she feel g ad when you tell her your time, For I've only got one and a few. — B 3116.