---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-6591
id: '732'
image: umpire_1913_142.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- word game
- ' notice'
title: 'The Word Contest: Results in Favor of B-6397'
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THE WORD CONTEST Results In Favor Of B 6397 Men Showed Great Interest and a Large Number of Contestants Resulted. The Editor is very much gratified with the success of the Word Contest as proved by the large number of entrants. He believes it was a pleasant diversion for those who took part in it, while at the same time it was undoubtedly of educational value to all. B 6397 submitted a list of 191 words, but of this number 48 were rejected, as improper, obsolete, foreign, provincial and misspelled. There were quite a few foreign names, which were not allowed. He evidently had access toa Websters Unabridged Dictionary, and went carefully through the book. Even at that it represented a great deal of painstaking labor, and we do not wish to detract from his success, but announce him the winner with great pleasure, his credit being 143 words. B 6181 submitted the next largest list, 145 words, of which 18 were rejected, leaving 127 to his credit. Of all the lists submitted, his was by far the neatest, and showed a better understanding of what was required, than any of the others, B 6612 and B 6815 each sent in lists of 100 words, all of which were correct B6898 submitted a list of 112 words, 15 of which were rejected, leaving 97 correct. B 6495 97 words, and B 6115 with 96, follow in order; all others being under 90 words. The success of the first Contest has decided the Editor to continue this as a feature of the paper for a while at least, or until he finds that interest in it is flagging. The word selected for this month's contest is THANKSGIVING See how many proper English words you can form with the letters contained in the word THANKSGIVING? Rules: Only proper words to be found in Webster's Dictionary will be counted. Names or slang words must not be used. The same letter in one word may only be used as many times, as it is contained in the word THANKSGIVING Write the words in columns, numbering each one as you go along. In the event of the contest being very close, the Editor will decide in favor of the neatest list. No questions will be answered in connection with the contest while it is in progress. Contest will close November 26, and the winner announced in the issue of December 3. Sign your list with your registered number, and location, address to THE Umpire, Printing Office, and hand to your Overseer, who will have it delivered. Following is a list of 150 words made up from the letters forming the word Gratitude: G—gate gait get gad gear grade grate great gut guide gutter grit gritted guitar guard gaited gutted gaiter grated gaudier girt girted gird gaud gride gutta gratitude R—rat rate rated rut rug rag rue rued red rud read rid ride rite rage raged rig ridge rade reit ret rutted rude A—"a" at ate are aired age aged adit audit art arid argue argued auger attire attired aid adieu ague adure ait atter augite air T—tat tea teat tar tied tide tear tare tie tire tired tried taut true tit trait tag tug ted trite tart trade trig triad tread tiger treat tirade tier turgid trudge tige target tret tig tride trug tut tetrad I—it "I'' idea ire irate ideat U—urge urged utter urate urea D—die diet dirt date dig dug drag drug due dear dare dire dater duet dart dirge dag deg dite dure E—eat ear edit era ergat etui