---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-6591
id: '754'
image: umpire_1913_147.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' health'
title: Health in Prison
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

HEALTH IN PRISON Simple Rules to Keep the Body and Mind in Trim The following article taken from a recent number of Good Words, the Atlanta prison publication, is reprinted here, as being of particular interest and value to the men in this institution: Prisoners watch their health with a peculiar anxiety, and incline to exaggerate small ailments. Each man fears he may die in his cell—a fear additional to the common dread of death. But this has the advantage of prompting him to take good care of himself; and not a few prisoners, for all the adverse surroundings, leave the prison better in health than they entered it.Note, first, that health does not depend on drug taking—though many, to their undoing, imagine otherwise. True, drugs have their place, not unimportant, but subordinate. Let us take the broad view of the whole theme of hygienic life, taking account not only of the physical and material, but of the psychological, functional and automatic ones also. 1. Psychological —As the steam boiler needs fuel, so does our physical body need food The engineer guides the work of the boiler, and our mind that of the body. But with the mind not in the right condition, we fail to relish or assimilate our food, Therefore, as a first step to health, study and discipline your mind You are what you are, and wish to be no one else—therefore make the best of yourself. Use your own spiritual force, which you alone can control Say to yourself, ‘I am part of the great spiritual whole. I will maintain my serenity in no matter what pain or trouble. I will be in good health! [am greater than circumstances!" Breathe into your mental self—into your being —your own conquering spirit. Be a man, for God is man's God. 2. Functional.--A law of healthy existence is, that no natural function can be preserved without exercising it. This applies to the brain and nerve system, the muscular system, and lymphatic and blood-circulating systems, the glandular system, the teeth—and so on. As eternal vigilance is the price of liberty, so is eternal exercise and use of bodily functions the price of functional health; and combination of healthy functions constitutes a healthy body. Any one function allowed to lapse causes a minor penalty; many, general ill-health. Even gland and nerve center functions, which act automatically to produce internal secretions absolutely essential to health, or which control action (as of the heart, respiration and temperature). require a constant healthy blood supply and removal of waste by the lymphatics. If an ageing man fails to use his brain, it earlier lapses into senility. A sedentary man's muscles grow flabby and his body falls out of shape. Teeth without coarse food to grind, decay; hair unexposed to the air, sun and rain falls out, and so forth. All people who live the simple life, eating coarse, plain food and taking plenty of open-air exercise, are wonderfully vital and healthy. By neglect of these general principles, civilization grows at the top but decays at the bottom. It shoots up, sloughs off above, while the semi-savage and peasant people fall in line below, and in their turn grow up and topple over. Such, throughout history, has been the rise and fall of nations. From the above we may draw two lessons: First the value of natural exercise in the open. Second the use of natural, simple, coarse food. We hardly realize how limited is the control of our will over our living and health. Regardless of any thinking of ours, the heart beats about 70 times a minute; we draw our breath about 18 times a minute, and be the weather hot or cold, 98 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature of our bodies. The digestion and assimilation of food goes on, with a worm-like movement of stomach and intestines: the forty or more glands of the of the body are manufacturing their own peculiar chemical substances to be poured into the blood or other parts of the human mechanism—each one of these substances essential to life and health. Thus our bodies constitute a mechanical and chemical laboratory, compared with which our artificial apparatus is absurdly clumsy and inefficient. Such is the automatic process of life. What we have to do—all we can do—is to keep a normal state of mind, to exercise the limbs of the body, and to eat so as to maintain, in their highest perfection of function, the unobtrusive contributors to our being. The main factor in their preservation is to supply ourselves with pure, clean blood. This we can do. Nature grows the plants, we must water and fertilize the garden. We may run pure blood into our brains and so promote high thought, (viz: the brain controls the quality of the blood supply; the blood supply controls the action of the brain; all moves in a cycle. The spiritual is captain of the physical). 3. Material.—Important hints for preservation of bodily health may be gathered from accepted principles of the evolution of the human race. Every departure from natural laws carries a penalty. As a race we must live along the lines of our primary evolution. Mentally and spiritually we progress, but physically we are in the main chained to the conditions prescribed by the environment under which our evolution took place. The following points may be noticed : (a) Deep breathing—The early men lived in the open air. Get all the fresh air you can. But, even as when Mahomet went to the mountain when the mountain would not come to him, so, if you can not go out to the fresh air, you may get some fresh air to come to you Adopt the habit of "deep breathing." Stand erect ; breathe in to your utmost and inmost: let the air out of your lungs slowly; repeat this a dozen times in succession , ‘and thrice daily. You may as well close your eyes and repeat the words, "I will be well!" (b) Calisthenics—The early man, except when he was asleep or eating, was in constant pursuit of food, and thus in continual movement. Exercise is essential to our health. You may be in a tailor shop, the stone-shed, or at clerical work—in any case, adopt in your cella routine of calisthenics for morning, noon and night Persist, and you will be astonished to see the improvement in both muscle and health. Though the number of individual muscle-fibers remain always the same, exercise enlarges each fiber. (c) Skin Stimulation; Cleanliness—In our evolution, the hairy covering of the body diminished as clothing was adopted. Hence, our skin should be frequently exposed to moving fresh air. When opportune, take a good "rub-down"' after wetting the body with water and drying off with a towel. If the weather is hot the outer moving air cools the skin by evaporating the moisture: if cold, it stimulates the skin and excites the activities of the body. He who, by night or by day, coddles himself in too much clothing gets sickly. The skin needs circulating air. (d) Diet—Early man used general diet—he was omnivorous. He ate roots, grain, fruits, eggs, fish and meat. We have both cutting and grinding teeth. Out digestive tract and digestive fluids are adapted to mixed diet— starches, sugars, fats and meats Avoid "notions" about diets: do not have fads: Eat a little of anything you can get, the greater variety the better. In the very food you avoid may be the particular element (iodine, arsenic, iron, flourine, lime, phosphorus, potash, soda, etc.,) that your system needs. Your own intelligence cannot help you here. In avoiding a mixed diet you have broken a natural law. No artificial substitutes called medicines can replace these elements in their form. Man cannot imitate Natural chemistry. Foodstuffs are divided scientifically into proteids [protiens?], fats and carbohydrates. The proteids include meats, eggs, milk, and the vegetable proteids found in peas, and beans and other lentils. Fats include fat of meat, nut oils, olive oil, cotton seed oil, peanut oil, etc. Carbohydrates include starches, sugars, and also cereals and vegetables, wheat, corn, rice, potatoes, tapioco, etc. As a rule, the normal man requires, to keep his health, about equal parts of proteids, fats and carbohydrates. The important thing is that food shall be savory or appetizing of about equal parts of meats, fats, and starches and sugars, and to the proper amount. As a rule we eat a great deal to much. Thorough chewing of food is important, not only to subdivide it, but to provide abundant saliva. The salivary glands are very large, and pour out a copious fluid. Why? Because you are meant to use these functions. Do not therefore, "bolt" your food.