---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-6591
id: '756'
image: umpire_1913_148.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- criminality
- ' prison'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

It Is VERY DIFFICULT for the great majority of people to disassociate the criminal from a preconceived impression of him, and imagine him as just a plain, every-day man, with all the feelings of other men. They have never seen him behind the bars; their only idea of his personality is the one gained from the comic papers. The fact that his clothes are not striped ; that his head is not shaven, and that he does not wear a ball and chain as a part of his apparel, usually comes as a shock to those who meet him for the first time. It is doubtless very difficult for these good people to imagine that the convict may have imbued any of the moral attributes of a normal man—that he may practice love and charity. It will therefore come to them as a distinctive surprise, when told that in one prison at least, the inmates have conceived, established, and are at present maintaining a " relief fund, " having for its broad base, the universal love of humanity, and the helping of one another. Such is the ‘‘Chouteau Relief Fund, " of the Kansas State Penitentiary. The object of this Fund is the care of indigent families of the inmates. More important yet, it is fulfilling its object. It is doing even more, for as long as it exists, it is a standing rebuke to those responsible for the present prison system which throws a man into jail, and then appropriates the earnings of his labor, to the distress of those depending upon him.