---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-6591
id: '766'
image: umpire_1913_149.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- prison
- ' health'
title: Prison Insanity
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PRISON INSANITY That there is a considerable amount of abnormal mentality in every jail is a matter of observation. Many authorities believe that there is a causal relation here and that some prisoners are driven to insanity by their prison life. This, however, is not the case, according to Dr. Paul E. Bowers, of the Indiana Hospital for the Insane, who has investigated the matter with some care. Insane prisoners, he says, were either insane when received or were potentially insane. Confinement may have developed the trouble, but did not cause it. Jails are "‘social clearing houses;"' in them accumulate the dregs—the part of society whose inherited and acquired traits steer them straight for the prison. The prison does not bestow these traits upon them any more than the magnetic pole excites in the magnet its susceptibility to the north-and-south direction. He further says, "I would rather dissipate the prevalent idea that prison life of itself pro duces insanity.' The burden of proof is with those who support this theory, but the preponderance of evidence is against such hypothesis, for the alleged . . . factors—worry, remorse for crime apprehension, and introspection—exert but little influence on the... convicts who develop insanities. "The insane criminals are recruited from the ranks of the recidivists. who do not mentally suffer because their neural organizations are below par, and their normal and ethical senses are blunted and poorly developed. ‘This being true, it is rather difficult to accept the theory that prison life itself causes insanity.