---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-6591
id: '792'
image: umpire_1913_154.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: For Sale
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, 25 cents each or will close out entire stock of 100 for $14.00 B 3925, Sixth Block. FOR SALE—Beautiful inlaid boxes with pear! decorations; all sizes, for all purposes. Will sell to inmates at $1.00 to $3.00, according to size. B 5649, Seventh Block. FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies, all sizes and colors. Will make shawls of any color upon order of same. All orders will be filled promptly up to December 20. Send Your orders in now, also mention color, if you prefer any special color. Yeap, B 6031, Sixth Gallery. FOR SALE—Cards, all hand work, with fancy designs, birds, flowers etc., also Christmas and New Years Cards, with your name and address penned on same. Price 50 cents per dozen. Jingles, Eighth Block. FOR SALE—Shults' vest pocket Higher Mathematics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block. FOR SALE—Handsomely designed tidies and shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth Block. FOR SALE—Hair and clothes brushes ~ with inlaid backs. Good material, fine work. Prices from 25 cents to $1.50. B 3829, Sixth Block FOR SALE—Silver butter and paper knives, glove and shoe buttoners, toothpicks, etc., pearl handles and mountings. Just the thing for Xmas gifts. Prices 25 cents to $1. B 3649 Fifth Block. FOR SALE—Handsome tidies, shawls, bedspreads, centerpieces, paintings on linen. All done by hand. Prices range from $1.50 upward. B 5323, Ninth Block. FOR SALE--Ball tidies, shawls and scarfs! Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth Block.