---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-6591
id: '807'
image: umpire_1913_157.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- word game
- ' notice'
title: Word Contest
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

WORD CONTESTHonors of November " Hunt" go to B 5459 While there were not near so many lists sent in for the November contest, as for the one for October, it was in every other way a great deal more successful. The contest narrowed down to B 5459 and B 4435 both of whose lists, after deductions of improper words, gave them each 174 to their credit. The careful manner in which they were prepared was also of equal merit, and the Editor was in a quandary which to choose. Finally he decided to leave the matter to a third party; an expert in these contests, and after deliberation he decided in favor of B 5459, and the honor is so awarded. It is only fair to B 4435 to say that the reason the decision went against him, was the defect of several blurs of his ruled lines. Otherwise, the excellence of his writing would have carried the day for him. This week we will give you a little variety, in the way of a hunt for HIDDEN CITIES This has been sent in by B 6475, to whom acknowledgment is made.  In the following bits of verse there is concealed the names of 16 cities of the United States See how many of these cities you can find. For instance in the first line; "I had a little rocking chair," the city is Little Rock. Find the others and also name the States they are in. I had a little rocking chair, Placed on a high oak landing, So that my little son Jack may see, The bathing very handy. Hanna, Polish girl, his maid. Says he is bold enough, Not all himself she often says, To hand over his sweetest puff. Once Hanna saved my little Jack, From a lion's den very cheap, She will get a new bed for doing that, And a vacation away for ten weeks, Now little Jack can't run nor walk, He'll have an automobile or bust, So I will not try to dodge for that, Will be all set in August. —B 6475.