---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-6591
id: '821'
image: umpire_1913_160.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' smoking'
- ' opinion'
title: Untitled
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

The Director of Public Safety of this city has inaugurated a crusade against the cigarette habit. He has discovered that every "criminal" and "degenerate" is a cigarette fiend. Right here we pause long enough to thank the Director for the confirmation of an opinion the writer has long entertained concerning himself, but in which he could never find anyone to concur, until the Director's encouraging words reached him in the confines of his little 7x14. The reason for his complacency becomes apparent, when he states, with his hand over his heart, that he is not, and never was addicted to the cigarette habit, hence; ergo, etceteras he cannot possibly be either a "criminal," or a "degenerate!" The editor has suspected this for some time, but it is delightful to have his suspicions confirmed by so eminent an authority, and certainly it comes to him as a soothing balm in these days of stress. To proceed with the Director's remarks: He said that he "telephoned to the House of Correction for data, and learned that 75 per cent of the boys in that institution, under twenty-one years old, were cigarette fiends." That ought to be very convincing, but it isn't, for just a week previous to the Director's little talk in Germantown, the principal of a High School with a taste for statistics, gave out for publication the result of his own observations and investigations in this line, which showed, that of the boys under 18 years of age, attending High schools in this city, 85 per cent were addicted to the use of cigarettes. If both statements are correct, then the advantage is with the smoker, for proportionately there would appear to be a greater number of minor cigarette fiends out of jail, than in it. These remarks are not intended to convey the impression that the writer is in favor of cigarette smoking. Not at all. He only wishes to point out the futility of trying to overcome a great national habit by the enforcement of an old ordinance prohibiting the sale of cigarettes to minors, when the sidewalks and gutters are littered with the discarded "butts'' of older smokers that furnish a never ending source of filthy supply to the wants of the small boy when he feels the craving for a "draw" It is on a par with the advice of another gentleman, to "swat the fly," as a means of ridding the country of that little pest. It was the custom not a few years ago, when a small boy was discovered indulging in the forbidden weed, for his father to entice him to a secluded spot, and there with the aid of a stout switch, give him a practical example of the terrible disaster sure to follow indulgence in the tabooed cigarette. The efficacy of this method has never been questioned, and may be safely followed today with good results. If any arrests are to be made, arrest the "old man," and it is guaranteed he will then look after the cigarette business in his own household with a vigor that will seriously affect the tobacco interests within a very short time."Swat" the Cigarette!