---
author: Mitch
day: '10'
editor: B-6591
id: '832'
image: umpire_1913_162.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- education
- ' parole'
- ' prison'
- ' gossip'
title: Things Talked About
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THINGS TALKED ABOUT 48 up this month, and all going home as soon as they secure employment papers! There is a woman under sentence of death up in Connecticut and the suffragettes are besieging the governor to secure a commutation for her. They have given nineteen reasons why she should not hang, and the only one reason in favor of hanging is that she is guilty of murder in the first degree. Majority rules. The editors of the "Cornell Widow," the humorous monthly, published by the students of Cornell University, have been expelled from that institution because of the objectionable character of a recent issue. I wonder how that "stunt" would work with the Umpire. The first of the Winter Course of lectures will be given next Saturday in the school room, by an under-graduate of the University of Pennsylvania. The subject will be "Argentina" one of the most progressive and interesting countries of South America. The lecture will be illustrated with splendid views of the principal city, Buenos Ayres, the agricultural district surrounding it, and many of its industries. It is feared that old reliable "alibi" as a defense, will have to take a back seat shortly, for an ingenious youth of Pottstown charged with robbing a gas meter, has just sprung anew one on the Montgomery county court. He claims that he is irresponsible because of the pressure of bone on the brain, and therefore should be released. Ring up the ambulance. Operating table for his. The attention of "Our Quartette" is respectfully called to a recent article stating that one George Schroeder, a convict in the Walla Walla penitentiary, through the means of his magnificent baritone voice secured his release from prison where he was serving a twenty year term, and is now drawing $100 per week as a vaudeville star. It is presumed the Opportunity is open to tenors, and bassos as well. "A word to the wise," etc. As the result of the investigations and reports, of Mr. Osborne, and two ladies who served five days voluntary imprisonment in order to obtain information of conditions in New York prisons at first hands, the Superintendent of Prisons, announces "sweeping reforms." in the management of all penal institutions of that State. In the first "sweep" the women are to be benefited by the abolishment of the "silence rule," and hereafter, they will not only be allowed to talk as much as they wish, but, encouraged to do so. Guess they won't need much encouragement. Industrial affairs are not altogether on the boom just now, and it will probably help those men who are waiting for employment papers before their discharge to understand conditions better, when it is known that both the B. & O. and the Reading Railroads have each laid off 1000 men; that the Pennsylvania contemplates a reduction of from 5 to 10 per cent. or labor on all lines East of Pittsburg; that the Bethlehem Steel Works have just dropped 700 men from its pay-rolls and the immense Baldwin Locomotive Works of this city recently discharged 3000 workers, and expects to drop that many more on the first of the year, unless orders come in a little livelier. So be patient, and glad you are not paying any board here while waiting for a job. There has been quite a few criticisms of Jingles' article on "The Prison Kitchen," printed in last week's Umpire, and in this connection I want to say, he secured the figures from Mr. Loan, the storekeeper, who later confirmed them as being approximately correct. The figures were given and accepted in good faith by both Jingles and the editor, and the latter attaches much more weight to the statement of a man who is in a position to know what he is talking about, rather than to any number of statements from inmates, who necessarily cannot know. We stand by Jingles' report as being approximately correct. —Mitch