---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-6591
id: '842'
image: umpire_1913_164.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' penal press'
- ' The Umpire'
title: Prison Papers
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

PRISON PAPERS IN ANOTHER COLUMN we print an excerpt from a recent number of ‘Lend A Hand," the Oregon prison publication in which the editor takes credit, along with five other prison periodicals, for many changes for the betterment of prison conditions which have taken place within the past few years. He admits the existence of some other prison publications "given over to storytelling, or Sunday school work, which while laudable in a way is not productive of much good, as the public is taught nothing of real prison life." It is this remark in connection with teaching the public which the writer wishes to deal: The circulation of a prison paper is practically confined to the inmates of the institution in which it is published. The great big, busy public rarely sees it. ‘The few copies that do find their way outside the walls are looked upon with interest solely because they represent the work of a class of men who are not supposed to have any attainments other than the ability to blow a safe or "stick up" a What the To harp man. editor says carries little, or no weight. upon conditions with a view to mitigating them is alike to beating against the stone wall with the naked hand, and does as much good. Aside from its futility, it adds to the discontent and self-commiseration of a body of men who are easily influenced toward self-pity and cannot possibly aid in the betterment of their environment; their state of health, or their peace of mind. Prison officials do not take kindly to suggestions from their charges, even though presented in type. It appears to be a matter of principle with them to turn a deaf ear to any such, though they must admit there are at times considerable merit in some of the suggestions. Large business interests encourage suggestions from their employees, and give prizes for the best ones offered, but not prison wardens. It is doubted if "Lend A Hand" can point to a single one of its recommendations which has been adopted by the officials or the public. When vast business interests combine in a nationwide newspaper campaign designed to influence the public in favor of some project they have in view; spending hundreds of thousands of dollars in doing so, and then fail, as they often do, the idea of a prison paper with its restricted circulation, teaching the public anything, is not only a presumption, but the veriest tommy-rot. The Umpire attaches primary importance to its obligations to those in whose interests it is published—the inmates, and if once in a great while, it is successful in teaching some little good to only one man, it will be well pleased, and defer taking up the education of the public, until the State puts in a dozen Linotypes, a "Hoe Octuple," and we have a half million circulation on the outside.