---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-2331
id: '87'
image: umpire_1913_023.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
title: Ninth vs Cubs
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

NINTH vs CUBS April 9 The Cubs and the Ninth lined up for their second game last Wednesday, at the Store House grounds. The weather was fair, but trifle cool. However, the boys pub up the real article; both It seemed a sides doing excellent work as though the Cubs had decided to get revenge for the defeat they sustained in the opening contest Tuesday, and for a time it looked as if they were going to ‘turn the tables on the Ninth. The Ninth went to the bat first but failed to Slick, who hit safe, and Yeap, who walked, were both caught stealing. Tim was out on a long fly to right which was well fielded by Henry of the Cubs. In the last half of the first, the Cubs took the lead, scoring two runs, Char walked, Woodie got to first on a and Freddie, who caught today, slammed a dandy for two bases, scoring both men on base, ‘That ended the Cubs batting festival, and in the remainder of the game, they failed to score.In the second, neither side scored. Kirkie, the Cubs pitcher, was in great form, and was well supported by the rest of his team. Yeap, who pitched for the Ninth, also was in mid-summer condition, and after the first inning never had ‘much trouble in keeping the Cubs bats: ‘men in check.In the third, Longie and Slick, both hit for the circuit; Slick bringing in Wade who was resting quietly on second. Timmie's sacrifice was well laid down, and fetched another run.The work of Freddie, the Cub mask man, was wonderful, when we consider that he has never had any practice in that position; his regular place being in the box. Slick, the Ninth's catcher, who relieved Augie in the first, was also beyond reproach, and he led his side at the bat. When we stop and look at that Ninth line up, and watch them warm up, we can come to only one conclusion, that the team who beats them, must go some. However, the Ninth must also make up their minds, that they are not going to have any lead pipe cinch in grabbing the pennant. Get that Timmie ? If the same article of ball that was handed out today, continues, we will not have to regret our inability to witness the Athletics and Phils uphold the honor of our city. Tomorrow, all teams lay off, and the managers welcome the respite; as they will have an opportunity to strengthen up the weak spots, and incidentally dish out some heart to heart talks, Final score 6—2 favor Ninth. Time of game 57 minutes. Attendance 200 ½. The half was one of the umpires, but I won't mention any names. Those who know kindly think, but refrain from doing so out loud.

NINTH BLOCK
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
| 2331, ss |    | 2  | 1  | 1  | 0  | 3  | 0  |
| 6410, c  |    | 3  | 1  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 6193, 1f |    | 3  | 1  | 1  | 0  | 1  | 1  |
| 3342, 3b |    | 3  | 0  | 1  | 1  | 0  | 0  |
| 5807, 2b |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 1  | 0  |
| 4997, 1b |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 7  | 0  | 0  |
| 5627, rf |    | 2  | 1  | 1  | 1  | 0  | 0  |
| 5904, cf |    | 3  | 2  | 3  | 6  | 0  | 1  |
| 6031, p  |    | 3  | 1  | 1  | 1  | 2  | 0  |
|          |    | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| Total,   |    | 25 | 6  | 8  | 17 | 7  | 2  |

CUBS
|          | A. | B. | R. | H. | O. | A. | E. |
| 6280,ss  |    | 3  | 1  | 0  | 0  | 4  | 1  |
| 6130, 2b |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 2  | 0  | 0  |
| 6114, c  |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 3  | 2  | 1  |
| 5251, 1b |    | 3  | 1  | 0  | 10 | 0  | 0  |
| 5242, p  |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 2  | 0  |
| 5829, 1f |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 0  |
| 6353, 3b |    | 3  | 0  | 0  | 2  | 1  | 0  |
| 4987, rf |    | 2  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| 5762, cf |    | 2  | 0  | 1  | 0  | 3  | 0  |
|          |    | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| Total,   |    | 22 | 2  | 1  | 18 | 12 | 2  |

2B hits. 5762; 5807; 5627. Home runs 5904; 6193. Sacrifice hits 5242; 2331; 6031. Struck out by 6031, 6. By 5242, 3. 
Base on balls off 6031, 3, off 5242, 3. Wild pitch 5242, 6031. Stolen bases 3342.
Left on bases, Ninth Block, 2. Cubs, 2.
Umpires "Rabbi," "John Henry."