---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: B-6591
id: '873'
image: umpire_1913_170.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- parole
- ' facts'
- ' Christmas'
- ' charity'
title: Things Talked About
volume: '2'
year: '1913'
---

THINGS TALKED ABOUT Merry Christmas! The Rev. Augustine D. Ohol, of India, will address the Saturday afternoon class, on the 27th inst. Our Christmas dinner comes from the hindquarters of steers weighing not less than 1000 pounds each, the very best to be had in the open market, and not included in the contract for meats supplied to us throughout the year. The State Board of Pardons was not so liberal at its session last week, as expected. At the same time it is to be commended for straightening out some gross cases of injustice, and not permitting the spirit of the season swerve them from their better judgment in refusing some others.The benefits accruing by educating the police are now apparent, for when the police board of inquiry held their regular session this month, there was not a single case for it to consider, an incident unparalled in 20 years. The men are taught first aid to the injured, physical and military drill, discipline, patrol duty, the platoon system, the geography of the city, how to make reports, crimes and offenses, where and how to make arrests without warrant, how much force may be used in making an arrest, the collection of evidence, permits and licenses, and where they may be obtained, and the professions or trades requiring licenses. If any poor little children in this city fail to have a merry Christmas it will not be the fault of the many charitable persons and organizations. Greater preparations have been made in this connection this year than ever before, and aside from the work of the Missions, the Salvation Army, Volunteers of America, and kindred societies which will feed 10,000 people, Miss Olive May Wilson, a young girl; will send presents through the mails to 5000 kiddies. Over 1200 bachelors will play Santa Claus for from three to 25 children each, while churches of all denominations will care for their own poor. Moving picture men are organizing in this city for mutual protection, which means, they are contemplating raising the price from a nickel upward. One of the promoters in advocating this step said if the price was raised from five cents to ten cents it "was possible to make more money by that scheme." The only effect would be to freeze out the little fellows, and make the big ones, bigger. The old story in all lines of business. A prominent real estate man disappeared from his home in this city with a bank roll, two weeks ago, and has just returned declaring he was a victim. of aphasia—blank mind. It is noticed when these prominent citizens disappear in this manner, as they frequently do, they always have a bunch of money, while the aphasia has them in its grip. When the money is gone, then old man "aphasia" disappears. Down in the "Neck," they say "Hooligan's gone on ernuther bat !"