---
id: "10"
title: "Across the Years"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ACROSS THE YEARS
by Robert D. Heinemann

In the course of serving 16-odd years, many
things have become etched in my memory. Some of
them are important, others trivial. Some are print-
able; many are unsuited for Penal Press; others
are so incredible that I would hesitate to portray
them in any publication. The few selections here are
a brief sampling of such persons and experiences
which I share with you in the hopes that some of
them will prove of interest.

* * * * *

The 1950 visits from the blonde Czech girl who
spent five years in German Concentration Camps;
who lost her father, mother and brother in the
camps and who had stood five times in line before
the gas chambers herself; who had twice had a
pistol put to her head while a count of ten was
made, at the end of which she was supposed to be
shot; who had been beaten and starved and forced
to do slave labor — all this for the ‘‘crime’’ of
having a father who was half Jewish.

Her bitter disillusionment that there should
have to be maximum security prisons for American
criminals. America, which had been her dream of
freedom and civilization.

She pitied me that I could not begin to under-
stand her strange reasoning and sent me a small
picture of her naked four year old son, which meant
“I am helpless to help you.’’

* * * * * 

The year of my reception and my first and
last illicit crap game when I clumsily inserted a
known set of crooked green ‘‘tops’’ into the game.
The group leaders paused in stunned unbelief,
looked hard at my oh-so innocent sixteen year old
face, then went on with the game as if nothing
whatever were wrong until I had won a small
peck of loot before quietly pulling me aside to
read me the riot act.

The devastatingly nice way they told me how
old I was, cured me on the spot. ‘‘ All right, sonny,
you have your cigarettes and now you ean go.
Find some boys your own age to play with. And
when you find them, stay there and keep your nose
elean.”’

* * * * * 

B’art G. who was transferred from Graterford
for doing a man up and breaking a few bones in
the process; whose record included numerous as-
saults; who looked lke the enormous, pug-ugly
ex-bouncer and bartender he had been and who one
day quit his job quietly, announcing to me, ‘‘Now,
I know there is another life and I want it and I’m
going to stay in my cell 24 hours a day until I get
it

Two years later, at the time of hearing for
parole, his Block Officer reported him to be a quiet,
scholarly sort who never left his cell other than to
eat. With his fists he now held books like ‘‘ Limits
of Art’’ and ‘‘Thus Spake Zarathustra’’ and “Nar-
rative Technique’’ and took shorthand notes, gasp-
ing in amazement at the richness of that other life.

When he left the institution, it was with a mad
gleam in his eyes that read ‘‘Leary’s Book Store’’
and the words on his laughing lips ‘‘Oh, that
Petronius Arbiter. What a character!’’

* * * * * 

Waking up Radio Room Pat, who always
snarled disagreeably on such occasions, and before
he had time to get angry telling him, ‘‘You made
a commutation, Pat.’’

Blinking and without getting out of bed, he
looked up at me and smiled, ‘‘Thanks for waking
me up. Thanks.’’

* * * * * 

The time Captain Sloan, acting on inmate tips,
sent Center men on three raids in one week. Their
target—me, doing whatever I was not supposed to
be doing. After the third episode which produced
nothing of contraband, misconduct or even sus-
picion, the Captain called me to the Center. Angrily
I appeared before him. In a matter-of-fact way, he
arose, stretched his huge frame straight up and
held out his hand for me to shake.

"What’s that for?’’ I asked.

“I want to shake your hand, Bobby. I’ll never
believe what another inmate says about you again
and I want you to know it.”’

From that day years ago to this one in 1956,
Captain Sloan has kept his word. In my books,
that took a man.

* * * * * 

The solid heart of gold presented to W. J.
Banmiller when he left E.S.P. The inmates who
presented that award in behalf of the population
knew to whom it belonged. Only Mr. Banmiller
couldn’t believe it. If you have trouble understand-
ing, turn to the article in this same issue which
presents just a few of the many reasons why he
deserved the regard and feeling that the inmates
had for him.

* * * * * 

Editor Joe Corvi who chuckled and chortled
his head off when the Maintenance Dept. could not
open an unlocked, heavy steel door, and who play-
fully pulled his editorial rank and insisted that the
whole incident be thoroughly lampooned in the
June ECHO. Then, but one month later, the same
205 lb. Genial Joe trying to get in his own partition-
type office door and calling 230 1b. Lamarr Faison to
assist him. They tried the key; they crashed their
shoulders in unison against the flimsy structure;
finally, a disgusted and grim Corvi punched the
glass out to reach inside and work the simple lock
mechanism. Satisfied that the door had to be dis-
mantled, Laughing Boy called—you guessed it—the
Maintenance Dept.

To the rescue came 135 lb. Sam Sortino who
simply turned the doorknob and pushed open the—
unlocked door.

* * * * * 

The incredible perfection of my sisters’ children
seen through the visiting screen. I look at their
pictures now and wonder. Can mere man produce
such loveliness? Or is it true as the Old Testament
women said, ‘‘I have a son from God.’’ Boys
and girls, perhaps He sent them all.

* * * *

All the men I knew who left this prison and
especially the ones who left laughing. Big Ed Lucy,
who after 24 years imprisonment said, ‘‘Gee, I don’t
hate anybody.’’ J.K., who turned around, grinning,
to say ‘‘God, I’m scared and I don’t know why.”’
R. 8., who called back over his shoulder, ‘‘I won’t
forget you, Bob’’ and who is responsible for much
of the help I now have on my ease. Tony Scoleri,
who at the time of his departure repeated his de-
termination to go out and become a minister—and
who is now in the schooling process of doing it!
Bill Vogt leaving for the hospital in which he
fully realized he was soon to die, and managing to
leave us one of the most courageous and gentle
smiles of all.

* * * * * 

Waiting each December 25th to hear the re-
cording of Silent Night sung in German by the
immortal Ernestine Schumann-Heink. Which voice
and carol has always been my private celebration
of Christmas in prison.
