---
id: "100"
title: "Conversation, Read into the Echo Record"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CONVERSATION By R. D. H.

It is common practice among the member staffs
of Penal Press to exchange copies of their magazines
with each other. This custom enables prisoners
housed in institutions scattered across the continent
to converse with each other via reprints. A re-
print is an article, story, or excerpt from same,
picked up from its source in another institution’s
magazine and quoted in the local press. As time
goes by, various such reprints and excerpts will
appear under CONVERSATION which, in the
opinion of the Exchange Editor, have something to
say to us. And, sometimes, for us.

From THE EYE OPENER, McAlester, Okla.,
via THE ATLANTIAN, Atlanta, Georgia:

‘‘Henry S. Hayward of the London Bureau of
the Christian Science Monitor compares the penal
codes of the United States and Great Britain:

‘‘Although the British appear less tolerant of
legalistic delay in carrying out capital punishment
sentences, they are opposed to long jail sentences.
The precept is that long sentences cause only the
moral or physical deterioration of the condemned,
whereas if the penalty is not capital punishment,
the objective should be to reform and rehabilitate
the criminal as rapidly as possible.

“During the first half of the 20th Century,
British courts imposed 1,210 sentences of capital
punishment. Of this total, 553 were commuted for
one reason or another. That means 45 percent were
reprieved after sentence.

“Up to 1939, most British criminals under life
sentence were being released between ten and thir-
teen years. During World War II, lifers were being
paroled in six to ten years. While the postwar
figures have increased somewhat, in the 1940 to
1950 decade only one man served as long as 14
years in prison while under life sentence.

‘‘One other served 13 years; three served 12
years; two, 11; eight, 10; ten, 9; eighteen, 8; eight-
een, 7; and six, 6 years, according to official reports.

“Thus statistics indicate that a British criminal
sentenced to capital punishment can expect much
swifter justice and fewer delaying factors than his
American counterpart.

“If, however, his crime merits only the longest
jail sentence, he can look forward to freedom within
an average of eight or nine years in Britain. This
again is believed here to be a much shorter time than
an American counterpart would face.

"A study was made in Britain of 129 prisoners
convicted of murder who were reprieved and later
discharged from prison. Only one was reconvicted
and only thirteen others had any subsequent brushes
with the law. This is considered by Britons as indi-
cation that short sentences are justifiable.’’

Of course, British opinion of long sentences has
been known and discussed by Eastern inmates for
many years, but the above supplies the statistics.

This classic is from an editorial in E A GLE, re-
print from Agricola, via Vermont State Prison’s
SENTINEL:

"... Discretion is the better part of censorship, and
it should be left to the inherent good taste of the
individual to be his own judge on what and what not
should be written. Any topic, of course, that is of-
fensive and offends normal good taste would not be
accepted for publication anyway. Anything along
these lines should be censored. What we are talk-
ing about is censorship of subjects that are cold
facts and known throughout even the sheltered
prison camp.

"A free penal press should include criticism of
the prison it is in, the administration that runs it,
and the State or Federal agency that has built it in
the first place. This can all be done with discretion.
and common sense, and in good faith. It would
certainly let down the bars between relations with
penal administrators and prison inmates. . .’’

Anyone seriously interested in Penal Press and
sufficiently acquainted with its publications is con-
cerned with the problem of what constitutes a
mature prison magazine. This problem, in turn, is
closely bound in with the question: What is the
purpose of Penal Press?

Any answers which fail to take into account
both inmate and official standpoints are not realis-
tic. A prison magazine CANNOT exist to serve
inmate purposes alone; it SHOULD not exist to
serve official purposes only. Instead, it must be
permitted to serve the best interests of both inmate
and official. Inmate, as both a rehabilitative feature
and public relations instrument; official, as a good
public relations measure, for a good inmate maga-
zine is of course a credit to the administration under
whose care it is written.

In the light of the above, for a prison publica-
tion to be mature it must reflect not just the inter-
ests, but the best interests of both the inmate body
and the administration. It must stretch into an
objective frame of mind which neither passively
writes only what it is told, nor cries protest without
first examining all sides of the question. A prison
magazine which dares not critically evaluate inmate
viewpoints when such need criticism, and which
cannot make suggestions in good faith to the ad-
ministration for the betterment of the inmate body—
such a magazine is not mature.

This standard of maturity requires a meeting of
minds and identification in a common pursuit. The
prerequisite for attainment of such a standard is
enlightened censorship for which the above quoted
writer pleaded so persuasively—but a sine qua non
(without which, nothing) of this standard is that
inmate editors must accept the large responsibility
of maintaining the standard by means of courage,
sound judgment, good taste and in good faith with
all concerned.

Maturity in a prison magazine is not found in
its right to DISAGREE with officialdom but rather
in a wise and sober handling of a granted right to
AGREE or DISAGREE with anyone: prison ad-
ministration, civilian, civilian group or current in-
mate opinion.

FOR CONSIDERATION

The Editor and Staff of ECHO consider any
prison magazine privileged to be able to present the
suggestions of its inmates for consideration by the
administration of the institution. Through the co-
operation of Tom Graham, Educational Director and
supervisor of ECHO activities, and with the approval
of our new Warden, W. J. Banmiller, the ECHO is
proud to announce that, with this issue henceforth,
such a column is open to the inmates of E.S.P.

Crank gripes and crackpot ideas are definitely
not wanted, but if you feel that you have a legitimate
suggestion to make for the betterment of the inmates
of this institution, then jot a short note to your
Editor, marked FOR CONSIDERATION, signed
with your name, and it will be considered for pre-
sentation by the ECHO. We will try to have some
indication of the official response to your request in
time to make the column in which your request
appears.

To start the ball rolling (and anticipating coffee
on the commissary, home town newspapers and an
enlarged visiting facility to be already in the offing)
the ECHO formally suggested to the Treatment Staff
which met on 10-17-56 the following:

(1) STEWED FRUIT AT BREAKFAST—
either through the preparation, the attempt to make
too much juice from too little fruit, or simply be-
cause stewed fruit is naturally lacking in something
called appeal, we respectfully requested considera-
tion of suitable replacements, from among fruit
juices and canned fruits, for this item on our menu.
(Results: Pending.)

(2) WRIST WATCHES—because many men
require watches at their work as well as in their
cells (for catching radio programs, etc.) and be-
cause many others would be grateful for the priv-
ilege of having a watch, we also suggested that
wrist watches might be placed on the commissary.
(Results: Will be taken up at the next meeting of
the Wardens.)
