---
id: "1000"
title: "Editorial"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial - - -
Write As You Would Talk

Whenever a new group assumes responsibility for any operation or organization,
changes should be expected and inevitably are effected. Since its new staff was
established in December 1964, the ECHO’S policies have, of necessity, changed.

We believe the transition from old to new is now complete with the publication of
this, our Spring 1965 issue.

It is appropriate that we express our thanks to Edward T. Miller, the former
editor, for his assistance and encouragement.

We would like to PLEASE EVERYONE; but being the practical guys we are, we
realize this AIN‘T possible. So, we are going to attempt to please the majority of our
inmate and outside readers, and hope that some new rooters will join our corner.

SUGGESTIONS, we will listen to.

YOUR WRITTEN ARTICLES, we will consider.

COOPERATION, we will accept.

You know, “cooperation” is a very useful word with a multitude of meanings. The
most important, to those of us in this environment, is living together and working to-
gether toward a common goal — freedom!

If you have writing talent — or believe you have — submit your written work for
consideration by the editors. Give yourself a chance; and us, too. We hope we will
not be so very limited that we cannot help ourselves toward accomplishing that common
goal. Some do it through the other institutional programs. We'd like to attempt it
through the ECHO.

We ask only for sensible articles, stories (fact or fiction), prose and poetry, or
simply your experiences.

It’s easy, too!
Just write as you would taik.

Cur editorial staff will assist those of you who may need help in applying proper
English, grammer, punctuation and spelling rules; likewise, we reserve the right to re-
ject any article, for what we deem to be justifiable cause.

We would like to see your story, beneath your name, in the ECHO.

Surely you would, too.
