---
id: "1001"
title: "Incarceration: like Sickness?"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Incarcera-
tion:
Like
Sickness?

Imprisonment is hardly a pleasant, carefree experience for any man or woman
who is emotionally stable — or, for that matter, for the person who is emotionally
unstable. He suddenly finds himself in a depressingly abnormal environment which
contributes to frustration and emotional instability.
He finds himself in a situation which he naturally despises and fears, until he is
set free. To be free again is foremost in his thoughts, speech, and dreams; moment
by moment, week after week, year after year that he spends in prison. It is beyond
question, one of the most distressing predicaments he may ever encounter during
his allotted three-score-and-ten.

At times, in his solitary musings, he may feel an utterly hopeless despair that
weighs him down; and his thoughts may be dismal and morose. As an escape, he
may permit his mind to wander to some of his earlier experiences which have been
pleasant. He may resort to comfort in his imagination — and this is not wholly un-
healthy. It allows the organism to adjust to the painful circumstances under which
he is living.

Some, we are told, liken their imprisonment to that of
a less dreary illness, and they may discover it to be a way
to compensate. An illness may have caused a person to
become bitter; but acceptance may permit recovery —
if this is humanly possible.

Only a hypochondriac enjoys illness. The well-adjusted
individual does not like any physical disability; or, in the
case of a man in prison, any restrictions. But, there it is,
and we are helpless for the moment — in most cases —
to do much about it.

Like a disabling illness, imprisonment can change a
man. How? For one thing, he can temporarily escape
from the problems that beset him at the onset of his
malady. There are no pressing debts — other than So-
ciety’s bill — to worry about. There are no heavy respon-
sibilities, except to himself and his own preservation. Most
of his basic needs are taken care of: food, shelter, cloth-
ing — omitting love.

Now, relieved of these cares, he may begin to think
about his “illness.” He may become introspective and self-
analytical. He may be objective for the first time in his
life. He may recall how many times he has alibied for his
failures and weaknesses, privately conceding that he had
not really faced reality when he was “healthier.”

There are many well-known men who have been simi-
larly affected by an unpleasant experience, such as pris-
on. O. Henry (nom de plume), who once served time for
embezzlement, was one of them. His personal true story
is as famous to the world as his classic fictional stories.
He, like some other now famous or successful men, found
themselves and were able to discover inner powers re-
sulting from their erstwhile confinement.

When disabled or imprisoned, the basic instinct of self-
preservation becomes increasingly acute. The seemingly
insurmountable obstacles of prison confinement are the
challenges that must be met and conquered. This, if ac-
complished, can only result in a sharpening of the mental
powers — the ability to slice through unimportant details
of the present to gain access to the doorway of a better
future.

If our imprisoned man uses his “period of invalidism”
wisely, he may, sooner than he could believe, be able to
rise again and find fresh strength in his legs; new power
in his hands, and a peace of mind he has never known
before!
