---
id: "1003"
title: "Music Within"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Music Within
by Thomas Wiliams

Music has enriched the lives of people in many nations
throughout the world. It has stirred the emotions of indi-
viduals to the point of tears, laughter, joy and sorrow. It
has influenced the judgment of kings and queens and
monarchs of every description. It has been the rallying
theme for men embarking on the endless journeys into
wars. It has been the balm for the sick and aged and the
impetus for young lovers to view the world as only their
own. Millions of words have been written about this art,
and yet the subject is still inexhaustible. The few proseful
words written as a prelude to this article's main theme
cannot begin to equal the full range of possible thought
variations, applicable to music.

Today there are thousands of professional, amateur
and just players of musical instruments listed in the
United States. It is obvious that music today is playing a
major part in our lives, in spite of any negative opinions
expressed by a minority.

Even the music program in the public school system has
developed into an important phase of the educational pro-
cess. It has even inspired modern day composers to write
more for the concert band — which is this institution's
main forte. Because of this interest and the importance
of this new movement, there is more music published to-
day than ever before.

Even in the remotest regions of our vast world, people
strum and blow on ancient instruments to produce sounds,
harmonious and indigenous to their region. Even the ani-
mals of the lowest order respond to music in various and
distinctly different ways. Many of them are able to make
sounds so pleasant to our ears that we invariably say,
“they are making music.” And who is there to dispute
these claims when we are being enthralled by strange but
fascinating sounds?

The world of the shut-ins is no less appreciative than
any other segment of society. In spite of their limited
freedom they are acutely aware of any joy in their daily
existence. The world of closed-in personalities that we
are endeavoring to speak of is, of course, the many men
and women that are housed in penal institutions. Con-
trary to many cynic’s opinions, their contributions to
music have been considerably above average. Many of
our popular songs of past and present were written by
men and women in prison or those who were once in
prison; and, many persons who studied music in prison
have found it to be a considerable source of income after
their release.

This institution has a long and interesting history in re-
gards to music. It has had its share (figuratively speak-
ing) of musical applause, catcalls and boos. Some of this
history will be briefly noted and merged with this institu-
tion’s present musical program — its aims, dreams and
plans for the future, coupled with the past and relative to
today.

The history of music in this institution has been varied
and interesting. One of the highlights of its career took
place near the turn of the century. At that time John
Philip Sousa the great “March King” took time out to
visit this institution and take part in the band’s musical
activities. In the late twenties one of our better radio
stations (now defunct) decided to air some of the talent
in this institution. A weekly broadcast was started and
continued into the early war years. It was subsequently
transferred to the institution at Graterford. In the last
decade there has been a program in which civilian in-
structors were hired to augment and develop the talent
and musical program into an organized affair. There has
been a succession of band directors, the !ast being our
present leader, Mr. Barclay, who arrived here in July of
1964.

The music program in this institution has now become
a part of the overall rehabilitative aspect of the inmate.
This statement may sound slanted but it is no secret that
in past years, prisons all over the United States once re-
garded the study and/or playing of music as an individual
endeavor. This thought prevailed until personality
changes were detected in many of those (so called) be-
havior problem cases. Many officials were skeptical be-
cause they were always comparing the professional sounds
they heard with the inmates in their charge; and this form
of thinking led them to believe those sounds could not be
duplicated by the outcasts of society. There were many
other reasons, too numerous to cite for their skepticism.
However, it was soon discovered that men given the
chance could perform no matter where they are.

This institution’s musical program is now, as they say,
in full swing. The concert band has 40 men. Aside from
this there are the musical novices. That is, they are be-
ginners who are learning the rudiments of music, but yet
not knowledgeable enough to perform in the band. There
are three performing groups connected with the music
program. The main section is the concert band comprised
of men who are called upon to play all types of music...
marches, semi-classics, show tunes, etc. The second
section consists of the dance band which specializes in
playing what is commonly known as popular tunes. These
men are also members of the concert band. The third
section consists of the sax quintet which is a group that
specializes in playing informally especially when the oc-
cassion warrants a smaller group of men than ordinarily
used. In the near future small brass and woodwind en-
sembles will also be initiated to enrich the overall versa-
tility of the organization.

The three sections of the band and the orchestra as a
whole are invited to play at such functions as the sports
and chess banquets, official functions, A. A. meetings and
periodic concerts for the inmates. The orchestra and
musical program as a whole has been lauded by the offi-
cial personnel and inmates of this institution. It is note-
worthy to add that the band rehearses as a unit, two
nights a week. This has been one of the surprising fea-
tures of the excellence of the band’s playing. In spite of
the many plaudits they have received for their profession-
al type style, their unit practice time is far less than the
time allotted in many other institutions. There is, of
course, individual instruction given daily in a classroom-
like atmosphere and manner by Mr. Barclay. The in-
structions given are suited to the individual's ability. In
other words, he is taken step by step until he progresses
enough to be included as a performing member. And even
then he is encouraged to continue his classroom lessons.
For men who do not take to instrument playing but rather
express themselves vocally, there is an inmate choir suited
to this need. The choir specializes mainly in religious
songs but practices other compositions in order to vary
its program when the occasion arises.

Another of the outstanding features of this program is
the fact that participation is solely of a voluntary nature.
The individual musician performs with no other com-
pensation than his own enjoyment and sense of accom-
plishment. Many of the men far exceed the regular pro-
gram of study, becoming adept at playing more than one
instrument plus progressing into advanced courses on
harmony, composition, theory and arranging.

CONCERT BAND
Mr. Robert Barclay, Jr. — Director

PICCOLO
Karl Thornton

FLUTES
William Archey
Thomas Williams
James Alexander
Elisha Pilcher

CLARINETS
Alphonso LaRue
Clarence Howard
Thomas Connors
Rudolph Thomas
Martin Harris
Lindsey Lawrence

BASS CLARINET
Frederick Adams

ALTO SAX
Howard Schrank
Robert Walker

TENOR SAX
Nathaniel Dupree
Eugene Floyd

BARITONE SAX
Robert Crenshaw

CORNETS
Joe Fatio
Robert Johnson
James White
William Holloman
Charles Clark
James Robinson
Walter Heath
Rosevelt Minter

ALTO HORNS
Charles Myers
Harry Walker

BARITONES
Dominic Valentino
Teasy Brumskill

TROMBONES
Nathaniel Freeman
Joseph McFadden

TUBA
Richard Keys*

STRING BASS
John Klauzenberg

PERCUSSION
Socrates Cantoral
John Anderson
Stanley Moroz

 *Clerk


One of the main features of our musical program was
the inauguration (by Mr. Barclay) of a band committee.
This committee is made up of four members chosen by the
men to act as intermediators between the band director
and the men who play under him. Is this type of com-
mittee necessary in prison? To answer my own question . .
Yes.

Whenever you have a large unit under the control of
one person it is difficult to ascertain the problems of so
many complex personalities. In music, as in sports or any
activity that depends on more than a few men to realize
its achievements, this type of committee is a must. The
majority of the players in sports, etc., have long recog-
nized the need for this type of spokesman. I will cite a
few examples to illustrate these statements more clearly.
Every musician, no matter how qualified or objective he
may attempt to be, has his own evaluations concerning
the particular unit with which he is working. He may
think the music he is playing is not suitable or rehearsal
time is of too short or too long a duration. He may think
the particular instrument is not suited to his personal
need for excellent playing. I could cite extensively the
many personal problems involved. Multiply this one
hypothetical person’s problem by forty or fifty and you
begin to see exactly what I mean. The band director
could not possibly attend to all of these needs properly
without detracting from his main duties.

Then, you have the type of men who are reluctant to
speak with the band director personally, but readily with
one of their fellow band members. Hence, the band com-
mittee takes over. They are a sounding board for all
problems, gripes or just conversation in general. The
band committee will report any problem they deem legit-
imate to the band director at their regular meetings the
last Friday of each month. The band director will state
his views and ask for the views of the committee and act
accordingly, in response to their negative or affirmative
answers. There have been many times when the band
director has overruled the committee in favor of the mus-
ical problem. To this date, the musical program here —
has achieved wonderful results with this type of intra-
mural function.

As stated, the band at present has approximately
forty men. This is not a constant figure. The band suf-
fers numerous losses through men being transferred to
other institutions, or release. At times this leaves a ser-
ious gap — as the particular man may be playing a lead
instrument. This can, however, act as an incentive for
the man moving into the vacant spot. He realizes he must
study harder as he now has more responsibility. The band
director suggests to all transferees to continue their
music studies wherever they are and no matter how lim-
ited the program may be at their new place of confine-
ment or as a free man in society.

THE BAND DIRECTOR SPEAKS

Before accepting the position as Director of Music at
Eastern, many questions came to my mind concerning the
development of the institutional music program. How ex-
tensive could such a program be? Were the men really
anxious to learn and build a good program? Or, were
they just looking for something with which to pass their
time until something else caught their fancy? To say
that all those who come into the music program do so be-
cause of their desire to become musicians would be fool-
ish; however, many who have become exposed to this,
wonder why they never became interested in music be-
fore.

In the short time that | have been here, it has been in-
teresting to watch the musical growth of the individual;
not only in his technical ability, but in his eagerness to
play compositions that, prior to this time, held no inter-
est for him.

DANCE ORCHESTRA

SAXES
Mr. Barclay**
Nathaniel Dupree
Robert Walker
Frederick Adams
Alphonso LaRue
**Director

TRUMPETS
Joe Fatio
Robert Johnson
William Holloman
Rosevelt Minter

TROMBONES
Dominic Valentino
Nathaniel Freeman
Richard Keys

FRENCH HORN
Charles Myers


RHYTHM
John Klauzenberg
Socrates Cantoral
Stanley Moroz

BAND EQUIPMENT MAN
Evan Hall

As in any organization of this type, which deals with
many different personalities, it is most important to re-
spect each individual for his ability and his contribution
to the organization, rather than to evaluate his personal
differences. Once this has been established, you can then
set the criteria on which to build your organization.

To answer my first question, I feel that the music pro-
gram can be quite an extensive one, so long as its impor-
tance is realized by the institution and the inmates con-
tinue to combine their efforts and abilities. Setting aside
the individual reasons for becoming a member of this unit,
I do believe that the men are anxious to learn and make
the program a success.

It is the opinion of Mr. Anthony Andrews, one of cur
institutional psychologists, that the musical program is a
tremendous aid to many of the inmates. The opportunity
to be creative and the personal attention that each man
receives while learning his instrument, is believed to be
self-satisfying. This interest also helps to detract from
many periods of depression and anxiety during incarcer-
ation.

For those who have completed the basic fundamentals,
and those who are more advanced, the band offers a
wonderful opportunity to combine their talents and learn
to work with others as a team. After working together,
the men begin to realize how important team work is by
listening to the overall result of their combined efforts.
Like everything else, there must be a goal in mind. We
have set periodic goals for ourselves. We prepare our-
selves for numerous concerts and programs, making each
one a new accomplishment and receiving recognition for
all.

An important member of the music department is the
band director’s clerk. This job requires an inmate who
must be more than just an institution clerk. He must
have a basic knowledge of music and the desire to help
others learn their instruments, as well as the ability to
carry out the work that is expected of him in the band
office. Here at Eastern, we are fortunate to have such a
man in this position, one who is not only interested in his
own progress, but the progress of the entire music pro-
gram.

I hope that in the near future, more emphasis will be
given to the music program and the music department will
become a regular part of the daily work schedule as it is
in many institutions throughout the country.

SUMMATION

Music has enriched the lives of so many people in so
many ways that it would be ludicrous to attempt a specif-
ic analysis suited to each individual. The individual’s own
reasons are varied. Many persons take up the study of
music as an expression of their egos. Many individuals
study music to make others happy through individual ex- ©
pression. The reasons go on and on but the overall
emotional feelings remain the same. The scientists have
defined the difference in music and noise as a “decibel”
equivalent. A statistical number and census cannot de-
tract from the skill of the many musicians who are mu-
sically able to thread this fine needle line of musical de-
marcation. The majority of people applaud the audible
and visionary excellence of the performers.

Each person is an opinionated body within himself as
to his particular thought on what is good or bad in music
and for music generally. We agree that each person is
entitled to his own personal observations. It is a welcome
change that prison personnel all over the United States
are beginning to recognize this fact. An organized music
program is becoming more and more an integral part of
the prisons’ rehabilitative programs. It isn’t a revolu-
tionary idea, but institutional officials have been slow to
realize that music is just as important as academic study
to the development program of inmate treatment.

A few years ago music became a part of vocational
shops and buildings in many cities of the United States.
lt was introduced as a medium to work by. One of the
first illustrations of this was during the second world war,
when music was heard via loudspeakers in many wartime
plants in operation at the time. This supposedly was
done to enable the workers to put more energy into their
respective jobs, while being mentally soothed by the varied
sounds being played. Another example but a somewhat
farcical one are the many oral advertisements pertaining
to — “Music to dance by, to sleep by, to work by, etc.” So,
it goes on and on. The future may produce different in-
struments or variations in musical sound, but I think we
can all agree that music is here to stay. It has survived
wars, politics, public defamation and many other calam-
ities. It has survived because of its beauty and simplicity.
Some people may refute the statement pertaining to its
simplicity. However, when you hear even the most mu-
sically unlearned individual humming or whistling a song,
this is proof enough. It has been said that, “everyone has
music in them, if not technically, at least in their hearts.”
This statement is as true today as it was some fifty years
ago.

There are so many facets to music that it would be in-
congruous for me to attempt even a general outline of
them. It is important to note that the prison bands have
come a long way.

In the western part of the United States there is a
prison that allows the members of its band to play con-
certs outside the prison proper. They are dressed in semi-
civilian clothes and supervised in a medium manner. To
this date there has not been one behavioral or security
problem as a result of this privilege. We cannot attri-
bute this particular phase of musica! function to every
institution. This example is illustrative of the progres-
sive-minded thinking that is slowly taking place in an
otherwise nationally archaic penal system.

Music abounds through the land from many types of
mechanical sources and reproduction instruments. There
is joy felt for music by persons in the sometimes forgotten
houses of repentance. This is the world of the shut-ins.
The men and women in prison studying, singing and en-
joying the sounds — no different than any other human
beings. The difference lies only in their walled enclosures
and the regimentation of their limited existence.

In this world of chaos there is a semblance of beauty
emanating from music played and sung. Even though its
producers are brown-clad shut-ins of society, this does
not detract from the excellence of the music within.
