---
id: "1005"
title: "Profile"
author: "MOROZ, Stanley"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PROFILE

by Stanley Moroz

Nicholas Derembeis has served 32 years of his life in prison. As
a present for his twenty-second birthday, he was given his first
sentence of 3912 to 97 years in the Allegheny County Courts. He
was able to prove his innocence of most of the charges, and the
sentence was reduced to 11 to 24 years.

In 1944, Nick was returned to prison with a new sentence — 32
to 64 years. His early years were marked with institutional ad-
justment problems. Six consecutive years were spent in isolation
at another Bureau institution. He was eventually transferred here.
He pointed out that too much idle time at the other institution
set the scene for his disciplinary problems.

Shortly after his arrival here in 1954, he drew a picture of one
of the officials. This resulted in his being given pastels. Later,
some of the staff secured other art supplies for his use and
encouraged him to further develop his talents. As others became
interested in Nick, he became interested in others. “Nick the
Greek,” as he is affectionately called by his many friends, began
to teach other inmates how to draw, paint and carve. He was
responsible for operation of the Craft Shop up until a few years
ago. He sold many of his creations to Bureau Officials and visitors
to the institution.

When Bureau policy was changed, and inmates were no longer
permitted to sell certain products privately, Nick entered the art
shop and has been employed there ever since.

During the years, Nick has entered his paintings in numerous
local and state art exhibitions. He has received considerable
public acclaim for his work.

Our talented “colleague” was very active in art classes taught
by a former institutional instructor, Anton Redling. Mr. Redling’s
services were obtained through the efforts of former Protestant
Chaplain, Rey. Gordon Reynolds and then Director of Education,
Thomes H. Graham.

Recently, a new art instructor was employed, and Nick has again
become active in this reorganized art educational program. He
said, “No matter how well one can paint or draw, there is always
something newer to learn.” If he were allowed to sell his paintings,
he estimated that he would be able to earn hundreds of dollars
each month.

Nick has prided himself on his work with other inmates. He has
helped many to learn to develop their artistic abilities, even to the
point of self-sacrifice. He has, in past years, purchased some sup-
plies for some of the men who could not afford funds for such
a purpose.

Nick has presented gifts of carvings and paintings to interested
people outside of the institution, and because of this gesture on his
part, they expressed their appreciation by contributing supplies to
the Art Class. One woman was contributing $20 monthly for the
purchase of various supplies.

In the twelve years he has been actively developing his talents
through the art program, Nick has not had a “misconduct”. He
aiso participates in the Music Program and is presently learning to
play the violin. He has already mastered the clarinet, piccolo,
saxophone and trumpet.

Certainly, this man exhibits all the characteristics of a man who
is rehabilitated — not those of an unregenerate human being.
