---
id: "1006"
title: "Inside Information"
author: "COLL, Don"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
INSIDE
INFORMATION

Jack Leeds of the print shop has a problem: he can’t quit smoking, and he says,
“I wish they would remove the mirrors from the cigarette machines; I can’t stand look-
ing at a weak man!” How about bar mirrors, Jack? ... I was talking to Big Bill Bakey
about getting old, and he said, “You'll always stay young if you live honestly, eat slow-
ly, sleep sufficiently, and lie about your age.” .. . Jerry Haas made a beautiful sign
for the Chaplains’ office door, but its display was forbidden. It said, “This is the office
of a man who works to beat hell!” ... The Mad Russian, Al Raskie, said that he goes
for girls who go for the more refined things — like OIL! . . . It’s not true that the
Librarian took Frank Ellsworth’s eye glasses away for a whole year for having a book
that was a week overdue . . . Johnny Lujack, the demon compositor, rushed into the
psychiatrist's office shouting, “Help me, Doctor, | can’t remember anything for more
than a few minutes.” “How long,” asked the doctor, “has this been going on, John?”
Our John replied, “How long has what been going on?” .. . Joe Fatio, Mister Music,
reads a lot of historical novels. He says that when Ceasar first saw Cleopatra he said,
“Wow, a perfect XXXVI!" .. .

THINGS I NEVER KNEW: When Felix Capone checked into this Fairmount
Avenue Hilton, the cells were so dark that the mice had seeing-eye cats to lead them
cround .. . Gee, when I arrived we had miners lamps on our hats . . . Lou McCloud,
the velvet-voiced A.A. orator, uses “Beatle Soap.” You put it in the tub and watch
the RING-GO . . . Nate Dupree said that the last time he was on the street he saw
a father and son together; you could tell the son by his beard . . . The cannibals
just came up with a new cook book entitled, “How to Serve Your Fellow Man.” . . .
The guy who whistles on 12-block every morning and evening is so stupid that you
could put all his brains in a flea’s navel and still have room for seven slices of cold
corned beef . . . Noisey Baker's ball club was so far down in the cellar that all the
players now are raising mushrooms . . . Schaeffer, the paper cutter, said he works
with a guy who is so dumb that he failed the sandbox test in kindergarten . . . Don
Donley, of the Dye Shed, has that place really spick and span. He was chasing
two flies when I was in there last week and he said, “Why, oh why, didn’t Noah swat
those two he had on the Ark?” ... I heard that every summer there is a big sign outside
the gate reading, “It’s 30% crueler inside.” . . . Nick Cardone is the oldest living
Italian handball player on 8-block ... in 13 cell... Glad you have that new number,
Nick... Billy Cantoral is building a snow-blower — a real Rube Goldberg contraption.
It should be completed in July or August ... Walt Stepper, the boy photographer, has
a complaint. The camera he uses is actually 37 years old; the tripod is bow-legged;
the lens has whiskers; and besides, it takes only UGLY photos — you wanna see
mine? ... There is a real brain running around this institution. He always has a
collection of textbooks under his arms. With the grades he has been getting, he
can’t possibly be cheating — 35, 0, 65, 10, 25, 0,0... A certain guy | know is a real
horse follower, and the horses he follows, follow other horses . . . The day before
Thanksgiving I asked Cleve Brown what he had to be thankful for. He replied,
“I'm just thankful that I’m not a turkey.” .. . Blackie O’Lock, that old nature lover,
remarked, “A yard without a tree isn’t fit for a dog.” .. . Well, that about gets it for
this time . . . Just remember, if all your dreams don’t come true, neither do your
nightmares . . . Now, bow your heads and repeat after me, “Hurrah for Gideon-
Wainwright! Hurrah for Gideon-Wainwright!” ... Amen. . . 30.

by Don Goll
