---
id: "1007"
title: "Poetry"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0014.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
Poetry

FETTERED TRAVELER 
by Charles C. Clark 

I sat down with my pencil to write one dreary night,
The storm was roaring outside but my heart within was
light.
I had just received a letter, from a sister far away,
A tender morsel written, to brighten up the day.

She had asked me how I felt, and showed concern indeed,
She wanted to know what she could do, to satisfy my need.
She told me how she loved me, and wished that I was 
She said if I couldn’t make it, to please try and phone. 

The holiday was coming, and I was needed there, 
To bless the family table, and to do a brothers share.
I read the letter again, and I laid my pencil down,
I fell down on my knees, and uttered this soulful sound.

“Oh, dear God in Heaven above, please transmit to 
sister the depths of my love.
My Lord, please bless our family table every day, while
within these walls I waste away.
Let her feel my presence there, Father, let her know that 
in my heart I care. 
Even as my body is required to pay this debt, grant that I 
might be welcome in spirit yet. 

Please, please, I beg, hide not Thy grace from me,
For though I be in prison my spirit is ever free.

DEEP THOUGHT 
by E. F. Schwenk

There was a night in ‘35 when all the world stood still.
It waited with its hopes held high for either Jack or Jill.

Then came the cry from Pottsville so early in the morn. 
A son had come ‘O strong and true, Ed Franklin Schwenk
was born. 

They wrapped him up in silk and lace for all the world to to
see
And when he grew to manhood size he turned out to be 
me. 

So here I am at twenty-nine, not quite certain all is fine. 
I have an existential problem now with questions of: 
What, why and how? 

Someday I’m sure T’will all be clear, when I am very, 
very far from here. 

MODERN TEMPO

Life today is very complex.
It deals with things called “X”
And tubes and robots with brains
That with each electric charge explains.
But may we expect peace of mind
While atom bombs burst and missles wind
Their way to places off in space?
That is something we have to face.
I sat down with my pencil to write one dreary night,
The storm was roaring outside but my heart within was

SONG OF AUTUMN
October's golden songs are being played
From flaming glens and distant alder glades.

Like striking cymbals in some bright parade,
Leaves flash and fall, throughout the autumn days.

Autumn’s bands blare out in leafy style;
With martial music for fighting a frosty foe;

Sounding its notes of coler all the while
‘Til “windy horns” of November begin to blow.

The orchestral notes are swiftly fading now;
my Sharps and flats are turning russet brown;

Soon the Great Conductor will take his bow
As winter's curtain falls “softly” down.

Although autumn’s song has ended
And the symphony has been played,

Another composition will soon begin;
With the robin’s April serenade.

COPY EDITOR’S PRAYER

Let the scientist probe.
Let the moralist rage,

But let me remember
To number each page.

Keep the nation secure,
Keep the bomb well-controlled

But keep me from light face
That should have been bold.

Guard minority rights,
Guard the leaders we choose,

But guard me, | pray,
Against style-book taboos.

Grant to all persons peace,
Grant blessings in myriad,

And grant me one look
At a real wrong-font period.
