---
id: "1008"
title: "Immaturity... Is It A Prison Ailment"
author: "Haas, Jerry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
IMMATURITY

Is It A Prison Ailment?

by Jerry Haas

Immaturity is one of the principle causes of both ju-
venile and adult deliquency. However, it cannot be clas-
sified as strictly a prison “sickness.” By comparing the
childish actions of some prisoners to those of people on
the outside, one may glean some interesting information
that may be helpfu! in gaining a better understanding of
immaturity.

The critical phase of human experience is the passage
from childhood to maturity. During adolescence the
prime question seems to be: Will childish habits and ex-
pectations persist; or are they to be transformed? Ob-
viously, people grow chronologically older, and they
mature physically, but there is no certainty that they will
grow up emotionally. Human characteristics and their
development are complicated; their elements do not
necessarily march in unison.

Take a good hard look at the chains that bind prison-
ers, and then try to learn if some of their childish acts be-
fore incarceration forged the links of those chains. With-
out a doubt, it is possible to be a sage in some things —
before and after incarceration — and still be childish in
others; to be at once precocious and retarded, shrewd,
and foolish, serene and irritable. Such inconsistencies of
character are the result of parts of the personality being
healthier than other parts.

In order to make a successful transition from immatur-
ity to maturity, the human organism must break away
from “childish things” and reconstruct the habits that
served it during its earlier experiences. This, then, is the
very essence of progressive, healthy emotional develop-
ment.

Maturity has numerous meanings. It means ability to
judge all known possibilities. It means sacrificing current
pleasures for possible future enjoyment; to decide the
best course of action — whether a move toward the
heights, or a conservative and calculated move — which
will result in greater accomplishment and pleasure in the
final analysis.

One of the characteristics of infancy is the “I want it
now, grownups can wait” approach. This attitude is pe-
culiar to the immature infant, but often it appears in the
habits of SUPPOSEDLY MATURE adults.

The capacity to face negative circumstances, frus-
trating situations, and defeat without collapse, is evi-
dence of the mature person. One can’t have everything
his own way. People, circumstances, and time, are healers
of disappointments experienced by a mature person. A
mature person may fight (according to the rules) for
his rights, but he will not violate the rules to gain what he
feels is rightfully his. Realizing that in the arena of
human endeavor, the ends seldom justify the means.

Maturity is acceptance of individual responsibility.
Dependability is a trait of the mature person. It means
keeping your word, even as you might expect someone
else to fulfill his promises to you. Dependability equates
with personal and intellectual integrity. “Do you mean
what you say, and say what you mean?” The world is
filled with unreliable people; those who never seem to
come through when another might be in need of help;
people who substitute alibis for action; those who are al-
ways late, if they appear at all; the constantly confused
and disorganized; those whose lives are full of chaos,
tumult and unfinished business.

Maturity is portrayed by willingness to make a decision
and stick with it; but at the same time, to be open to
suggestion in the event the decision could be modified
for better effect. Folk who spend a lifetime looking for
many goals and accomplishing none, are probably im-
mature. Action requires courage. There can be no ma-
turity without courage!

Capacity to collect one’s energy and organize a logical
plan of action, and then to implement the plan success-
fully, is indicative of the mature person. However, if the
plan is disrupted, the mature person can make a healthy
adjustment.

Mediocrity is not for the mature. He is highly moti-
vated; but he acts wisely and generally calculates his
moves. Distorted behavior patterns are indicative of im-
maturity.

All to often this “ailment” is treated in jail, and then
not adequately.

The condition of the world today — the “mad”
scramble for power in government through politics; the
mass hypnosis of the public through communications
media, with excessive emphasis on sex in advertising and
on psychological methods of selling pseudo products; the
forefeiture of individual Spiritual values — has resulted
from the immature acts of responsible, and supposedly
mature, people. The majority has never spent a day in
prison, but their immature acts are a grave threat to
civilized society!

How many people have we known who might be per-
fectly comfortable to permit those around them to handi!e
civic responsibilities. There is the fellow who is content
to let well enough alone where government and the con-
stitutional rights of others are concerned. Then, we've
all met the type who wiil not budge to assist a service
organization, community chest or some other charity,
or even another person in distress.

Complacency in an adult is a strong indication of im-
maturity. We might give lip service, but we lack the
courage to step out and act, or participate.

We have on a rather large scale in this country, salient
examples of immaturity in groups, led by immature lead-
ers. Such organizations as Conservative, U.S.A., The
American Nazi Party, and the Black Muslim sect, are ex-
amples of how the extremist elements are and have been
affected by the immaturity of some of their spokesmen.
The Klu Klux Klan is another. Oh, the extremist is good
for certain types of reformation; but he is generally quite
immature.

Religious and racial prejudices are strong indications
of immaturity — and how many people in this country
hold such prejudices?

It is true that immaturity has caused the commission
of crimes, but it is also true that immaturity has caused
civil strife and conflicts, and international war.

It’s immaturity that causes some to be OVERZEALOUS
in desiring to over-punish those who have offended
society. It’s immaturity that causes some to be over-
zealous in punishing to the disregard of individual rights;
but it is also immaturity that is threatening society “‘out-
side” of prison walls. Immaturity is not peculiar to pris-
oners alone. It is a disease — psychological and Spirit-
ual — that prevails in an otherwise free society.
