---
id: "101"
title: "Read Into the Echo Record"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
READ INTO THE ECHO RECORD

The following editorial appeared in the Phil-
adelphia Evening Bulletin for Wednesday, Sept.
26, 1956:

A PROPER QUESTION

Judge Toal in Delaware County Court is
asking the State Parole Board a question that is
entirely proper, and which deserves an answer
in detail.

The background was this: in June, 1954,
Robert Shutters was sentenced to five to ten years
in prison and ordered to pay $1,537 to the City of
Chester for damage he had caused to parking meters.
Early this month Shutters was arrested again on
the same charge — breaking into parking meters.

When the defendant came before Judge Toal,
the record was disclosed. After Shutters had served
11 months, he was released by the State Parole
Board. Only $200 of the bill for damages had been
paid. Judge Toal wants to know: ‘‘How Come?”’

This is the second time this year the Delaware
County Court has had some harsh things to say
about the Board. Last March, in speaking to the
Grand Jury, Judge Bretherick took the Board apart
for its clemency to numbers writers.

The Board frequently has been charged with
showing more mercy for criminals than consideration
for the public as a whole. Rarely do the details of
hearings before it become known.

Here is another State agency which usually
operates in secrecy and thus gives rise to suspicion,
whether or not justifiable. It may have a satisfactory
explanation in this case; but surely an explanation
is needed.

On Friday, September 28, 1956, Paul J. Gernert,
Chairman of the Board of Parole, replied in a letter
to the editor:

Shutters Case Never
Before Parole Board

Your editorial, ‘‘A Proper Question,’’ on Sept.
26, dealing with the case of Robert Shutters in
Delaware County, cites Judge Toal’s demand for
an explanation from the State Parole Board as to
why Shutters was released after serving 11 months
of a five-to-ten year term for breaking into parking
meters.

This case was never within the jurisdiction of
the State Parole Board. The answer to Judge Toal’s
question will be found in the Delaware County
Courthouse, for Shutters was released on order of
another Judge in that county.

Under the law the case could not have come
before the Parole Board until at least the minimum
sentence had been served.

Paul J. Gernert,

Chairman State Board of Parole
Harrisburg, Pa.
