---
id: "1010"
title: "Night Cap"
author: "COLLIER, Melvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Night Cap

by Melvin Collier

Ed stole into the house with the effort of not awaken-
ing his wife, who knew he knew at this late hour would be
asleep. As he mounted the stairs he thought of how nice
Maggie, his mistress, had been to him tonight; yes,
Maggie had been wonderful. He could still feel her lips
against his, and her body pulsating in response to his
love-making. He peered into the darkened bedroom and
at the lump which lay covered in the bed, which would be
his wife. “Yes,” he thought, “asleep as always.”

Funny woman, his wife. Always wanting him to spend
time with her. She couldn't see him anyway, because she
was blind. That’s how he got money to take care of his
mistress.

His wife had been blinded in an accident . . . well it was
an accident; even though he knew it was acid in the bottle
instead of eyegene.

Yes, the insurance company had been generous, just
like Maggie with her lovely, sexy self. He undressed in
the dark and eased himself into bed, mindful not to touch
his wife, not only for not wanting to awaken her, but he
just couldn't bear touching that blind, homely wife of his.

Ed was just about to fall into sleep and a dream of
Maggie, when he was startled into full awakefulness by
the stopping of a car in the driveway. In a state of anger
from the loss of his dream, he lay and listened, wondering:
“Who in hell could be this late visitor?’ He was about to
get up when he heard a voice that caused him to fall back
on the pillow. The voice he heard was that of his wife talk-
ing to a cab driver, with regards to helping her into the
house. I must have drunk to much he thought, because
my wife is here beside me, yet that’s her talking to that
cab driver.

Slowly he moved his hand across the bed to touch his
wife ... he had to be sure. His hand came in contact with,
and was held fast to the slimy, gurgling and writhing mass
that lay next to him. He opened his mouth, and the
horrid, blood curdling scream, of one damned unto all
the demons of hell, filled the house.

Soon the screaming stopped, and all that could be
heard was the confused footsteps of Ed’s blind wife, and
her tender voice imploring: “Ed, where are you? What's
wrong? Ed... ?”
