---
id: "1011"
title: "In The Court Of Reason"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
IN THE COURT OF REASON

“JUSTICE” vs. “LAW”

Heard by Judge Integritus
Plaintiff Justice (represented by Ethicus)
Defendant Law (represented by Forensicus)

CLAIM: Ethicus asserted that miscarriages of Jus-
tice were not of her womb, but rather were
the monstrosities dragged to her door after
Law's indiscretions with Avarice, Wealth
and Politics. Ethicus further contended
that the marriage of Justice and Law was
a shotgun wedding and therefore should be
dissolved.

DEFENSE: Forensicus, a cunning counsel, replied with
much circumlocution, that IF Justice had
a cause of complaint, she should have
brought up her grievance a long time ago.
Forensicus, cleverly laying his defense,
stated that Justice, in deferring her pleas
until now, had placed herself in the shade
of obloquy.

JUDGMENT: His Honor, Judge Integritus, stated: “The
Court concedes the defendant but one
point in that Justice should have brought
up her real or fancied hardships a long time
before this date. However, the tardiness
on the part of the plaintiff in no way places
her in a state of disgrace:

“It goes without saying that Justice is
blameless of all wrong and that Law is no
better than those it serves. That these
charges have been raised here shows, not
so much the dissolute disposition of Law,
but the indifference of men who wink at
Law’s derelections and infidelity. Law can
be made an ideal consort of Justice; this
is not only desirable, but is vital to the
continuance of social order.

“The marriage of Law and Justice must
be a harmonious one; man must make a
collective effort to ensure this. To divorce
Law and Justice would be to disintegrate
our entire society.

“Justice was not violated by Law; nor
was the wedding brought about to satisfy
the ego and honor of a few individuals. The
marriage was one of necessity and aims to
bring moral unity to our society. Bad as
this relationship may seem at times, it is
the only tie that helps bind one individual
to another in making him aware of the
rights of his fellow man.

“It is not in the province of this Court to
dicate men’s morals. That is a matter that
lies entirely in the collective conscience of
man. Without mitigating the seriousness
of the charges raised it is the opinion of
this Court that Law has been made the
whipping boy for what are the doings of
men. Therefore, the Court is compelled to
issue the following decree:

“Henceforth it shall be the duty of all to remold Law
in such a way that he will make Justice an ideal husband.
To disregard this edict will bring man and society in con-
tempt of this court. However, the Court will hold sentence
in indefinite abeyance, because the failure to comply with
this edict will result in social chaos and misery that would
be more severe than any punishment this Court could
impose.”
