---
id: "1013"
title: "Vocational Rehab Administration To Aid Public Offenders"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
VOCATIONAL REHAB ADMINISTRATION
TO AID PUBLIC OFFENDERS

In a news release dated February 4, 1965, a new pro-
gram to expand job training and health restoration ser-
vices for disabled persons conyicted of crimes was an-
nounced by the Vocational Rehabilitation Administration,
Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, Wash-
ington, D. C.

The work will start in the Washington State Division of
Vocational Rehabilitation and later will be extended to
yocational rehabilitation agencies in Georgia, Alabama,
and six other states to be selected. All nine projects will
be supported by VRA grants.

Miss Mary E. Switzer, Commissioner of Vocational Re-
habilitation, said that in all nine states, vocational re-
habilitation counselors will be assigned full time to Fed-
eral probation offices for the first time.

Under this arrangement, the counselors will supple-
ment the work of Federal probation officers who supervise
public offenders paroled from prison or placed on proba-
tion contingent upon good behavior.

The counselors will provide counseling and guidance,
and will arrange for medical and psychological examina-
tions, job training and placement.

The Vocational Rehabilitation Administration admin-
isters the State-Federal vocational rehabilitation pro-
gram to prepare physically or mentally handicapped per-
sons for jobs. The VRA also conducts programs in reha-
bilitation research and training.

Growing numbers of counselors in the State vocational
rehabilitation programs are joining forces with their pro-
fessional counterparts in correctional agencies through-
out the country in preparing prisoners and other public
offenders for paid employment, according to Miss Switzer.

An article in the November-December 1964 issue of the
Rehabilitation Record, professional magazine published
by the Vocational Rehabilitation Administration, de-
scribed how this is done. The writer is Richard A. Grant,
formerly a prison psychologist in the Oklahoma State
Penitentiary at McAlester, and now a VRA rehabilita-
tion consultant.

Correctional institution workers have long prepared
prisoners for return to their communities. The signifi-
cance of the work described in the Rehabilitation Record
article is that the State rehabilitation agencies are in-
tensifying their efforts to supplement the work of the
correctional institutions in rehabilitating disabled
prisoners.

Miss Switzer pointed out that, while the interest of the
Vocational Rehabilitation Administration goes directly to
the large numbers of public offenders who have physical
or mental handicaps, “the problem of crime is closely as-
sociated with the more general problems of poverty, un-
employment, and social disadvantage and as such should
be of concern to all of us.”

(The ECHO will carry a study of this subject
as related to the state level, in the Summer
1965 issue.) — Editor.
