---
id: "1014"
title: "A. A. Anniversary"
author: "Joe S."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A, A. ANNIVERSARY

by Joe S.

The Alcoholics Anonymous Group of the State Correc-
tional Institution at Philadelphia, held their Third An-
niversary celebration on the evening of November 16,
1964.

Approximately 240 inmates were entertained by yari-
ous speakers, band music, and they enjoyed coffee and
donuts. The affair, held in the chapel auditorium, was
presided over by the Reverend Sidney E. Barnes, Protest-
ant Chaplain and A. A. sponsor.

Two members of the host group, Lou McC. and Joe D.
gave very interesting presentations which drew spon-
taneous applause. Ted Mc. was the principal A. A. speak-
er amongst those from the various A. A. groups repre-
sented.

Honored guests included: Superintendent A. T. Rundle;
Deputy Superintendent Joseph R. Brierley; Mr. Robert
Barclay, music director; Paul J. Gernert, chairman, Penn-
sylvania Board of Parole; Dr. Kurt Konietzko Ph.D.,
supervisor, District Number One, Pennsylvania Board of
Parole; Jack D., Intergroup secretary; Bill B. and Frank
C., chairman and co-chairman of the A. A. Prisons Com-
mittee, respectively; Max W., president of the Intergroup
Steering Committee; Lee H., long-time outside partici-
pant in the Eastern meetings, and Joe Paull, counselor of
Jewish prisoners.

Mr. Rundle, in a brief address, expressed his whole-
hearted approval of the A. A. program, and indicated his
pleasant surprise in the changed attitudes of some of the
inmate members. He gave much encouragement to the
group.

Mr. Gernert told of the role alcohol plays in returning
parolees to prison. He said that alcohol is a major con-
tributing factor to criminal offenses. He pointed out that
A. A. is a practical and proven program.
