---
id: "1016"
title: "Surgeon Appointed Medical Director"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SURGEON APPOINTED MEDICAL DIRECTOR

Dr. Armando F. Gor-
acci has been appoint-
ed medical director of
the State Correctional
Institution at Philadel-
phia, to succeed the
late Nathan Blumberg,
M.D. He has been as-
sociated with the med-
ical staff as chief sur-
geon since 1952.

A graduate of the University of Scranton, the doctor
received his M. D. degree from St. Louis University in
1943. During World War II, he served two years on
active duty with the Army Medical Corps in the Far East,
and was discharged with the rank of captain.

Dr. Goracci is instructor in surgery and anatomy, Jef-
ferson Medical College; assistant in surgery, Jefferson
Hospital; visiting surgeon, Philadelphia General Hospital,
and a chief of surgery and member of the Board of Di-
rectors at Doctors Hospital, Philadelphia.

The doctor is certified in general surgery by the Amer-
ican Board of Surgery. His membership in various pro-
fessional organizations, include: American Medical As-
sociation, American College of Surgeons, Pennsylvania
Medical Society, College of Physicians of Philadelphia,
and the Philadelphia County Medical Society.

In the future, Dr. Goracci would like to see dental and
psychiatric services expanded here. He said that the new
absolute filter system in the operating room has been a
major factor in controlling otherwise harmful bacteria.

A fishing and golf enthusiast, Dr. Goracci is married
and the father of a daughter.
