---
id: "1017"
title: "Eastern Echo Under Education Department"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
EASTERN ECHO UNDER EDUCATION
DEPARTMENT

In February 1965, the
Eastern Echo was pla- 
ced under the supervi-
sion of the education 
department by the di-
rection of Superinten-
dent A. T. Rundle.
Heretofore, the Echo 
staff was required to 
clear manuscripts with 
the superintendent of
the institution, and ad-
ministrative details with the director of treatment.

Director of Education William Berg is now responsible
for supervision of the Echo. A native Philadelphian, Mr.
Berg spent the majority of his life in the Quaker City with
the exception of 17 years service with the United States
Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Prisons as a
librarian, parole officer and supervisor of education.
Later, he returned to the Philadelphia area and became
associated with the prison system and the school district
of the City of Philadelphia.

Mr. Berg was educated in Philadelphia, graduating
from Central High School and the University of Pennsyl-
vania. He majored in chemistry. He has done graduate
work at Penn and Bucknell, and is presently studying at
Temple University.

In August 1956, Mr. Berg entered the Bureau of Cor-
rection as a casework supervisor. In early 1964 he was
appointed director of education and has primary respon-
sibility for direction of the education and educational
testing programs for both SCIPHA and Eastern Diagnos-
tic and Classification Center.

During a recent interview, he said: “I am looking for-
ward to continual service to the inmate population in the
years to come.”

Mr. Berg is married and the father of a son and daugh-
ter. His son is currently serving with the U.S. Army in the
Far East.
