---
id: "1018"
title: "Hospital Banquet Serves 32"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
GUESTS: S. E. First, M.D.; P. J. Marone, M.D.; R. R. Frantz, M.D.; T. H. Graham; A. F. Goracci, M.D.; A. T. Run-
dle; J. Newman, M.D.; J. J. Gunson, D.D.S.; O. A. Edwards; L.E. Fred.

Hospital Banquet Serves 32

On February 23, 1965, the inmates employed in the
hospital were honored at the Annual Hospital Banquet.

Dr. Armando F. Goracci, newly appointed medical
director, together with Drs. Frantz, First, Marone, Gun-
son and Newman, had a special word of thanks for the
men who worked together in the hospital during the pre-
ceeding year. Dr. Goracci commended all departments
for their outstanding work and, emphasizing this, enum-
erated the various procedures: surgical, 226; laboratory,
7,807; dispensary, 5,227; X-ray, 2,023; and general hos-
pital admissions, 448. Indeed this is a credit to any hos-
pital.

Superintendent A. T. Rundle, presented a book, “Prin-
ciples of Internal Medicine,” to the medica! department.
The book was purchased from funds left by the late

Dr. Nathan Blumberg. These same funds also provided
a headlamp which is already in use in the dispensary.

Thomas H. Graham, director of treatment, hosted the
ceremonies.

Other guests included: Deputy Superintendent Joseph
R. Brierley; Lt. Ronald Marks, OIC hospital; Mr. O.
Edwards, and Mr. Leroy Fred.

Needless to say, the dinner was thoroughly enjoyed.
Steak (cooked the way you like it) was served with French
fried potatoes, peas and hot rolls. Delicious banana
cream pie was served for dessert. In fact, it was so good,
“Bulldog” ate two pieces.

After all the doctors and officials had given their
special thanks to the men, Lt. Marks closed with the
benediction.
