---
id: "102"
title: "Farewell, Chief"
author: "Corvi, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FAREWELL , CHIEF
by Joseph J. Corvi

It’s hard to conceive: he was such a large part
of our life; a tower of strength; a strict disciplh-
narian, but one who unbended at just the right time
when he thought unbending would serve to the best
interest of anyone, and to think that he is no longer
a part of our daily routine is inconceivable. After
thirty-three years of service followed by a short
period of retirement Colonel Frank G. Martin suc-
cumbed to a malignant illness. During his tenure
he established one of the finest records in this or any
penal institution. Upon his retirement he left as
casually as he would leave on any normal working
day; the day did not seem momentous but you felt
as you saw him walk out that you wanted to stand
at attention and salute. He was that kind of man.

Colonel Martin was considered one of the most
security minded prison keepers in the nation. But
did he accomplish this security with bars of steel
‘and walls of stone? No! His bars were work pro-
grams and hobby shops. During the past recent
wave of strikes and riots, not a rumble issued from
the men of this institution. They were too busy;
their minds too occupied with their various hobbies
and programs. Their work was a personal thing,
a privilege that was not to be abused or placed in
jeopardy by any rash acts. Riots or strikes weren’t
even a decent topic of conversation here. He knew
all the whys and reasons for strikes and riots and
took precautions not to permit even the thought of
them to enter the institution.

I have had the good fortune to be given access
to a sheet of paper that Colonel Martin once used
to jot down a few fleeting thoughts. The holder
thinks so highly of these thoughts that were personal
to the Colonel that he requested that I return the
original. I shall include it in its entirety.

‘There can be no regeneration except in free-
dom. Incarceration in prison encourages degener-
ation in morals, abilities and the responsibilities of
life. Confinement in prison is a utopian existence
inasmuch as the responsibilities of normal life are
missing and liberty not in the term of years should
be restored when subject ceases to be a menace to
the community. There is no scientific approach to
what is in a man’s mind. His resocialization must
take place from within himself. He must be reborn.
Programs established within prison such as religion,
work and education are helpful. The qualified per-
sons to gauge this change are the ones who have
custody of him 24 hours a day. Since the big prob-
lem of readjustment takes place upon release on
parole it appears that the parole supervisor be a
guardian to insure his resocialization by placing him
in employment and aiding him in re-establishing
himself in his community.

‘‘Parole supervision is so limited that the system
fails to deter or detect one who has re-entered a
life of crime. The parole agent then becomes a
transfer agent, transporting parole violators back
to prison. This was never the intention of the
sponsors of the parole law. He, the agent, was to
take the parolee (the damaged goods) and remould
him into a respectable citizen. His contacts should
be personnel managers, government agencies and
homes for the unfortunates.’’

Martin was a shrewd judge of character. He
was usually able to gauge a man and when he found
that the man was making a voluntary adjustment he
was his ally and friend and confidant. But he kept
himself aloof from whiners and sympathy seekers.
He knew that the change had to come from
‘‘within’’. Any pseudo-adjustment was as trans-
parent to him as the adjustment was shallow.

Martin in his caleulating way knew that one
of the prerequisites of returning to civilian life as a
permanent part thereof was to have his inmates con-
tinue to assume, in what little capacity they may,
their responsibilities on the outside. He knew the
dangers of the ‘‘degeneration of morals;’’ the at-
rophy of disuse. With this in mind he installed
hobby shops and other various projects wherein an
inmate may earn just a little more money. A little
more money that could be sent to a dependent or
loved one; that could be placed in a saving fund to
be set aside for eventual release with fair prospects
of crossing the Rubicon.

As a former Army sergeant, the hobby shops
were to Colonel Martin a source of much pride dur-
ing World War II. In an effort to give the men here
an opportunity of helping in the war effort, he con-
tracted with the Marine Quartermasters Depot to
manufacture tent pegs and the men here expressed
their feelings by producing pegs in such tremendous
proportions (13,800,000) the Marine Production
Award E was conferred upon our institution. This
citation still proudly hangs in Martin’s old office.

This citation, since it was conferred upon ‘‘his”’
men was received gracefully. It would appear odd
that a man who rose to such esteem in the eyes of
penologists all over the country had not been show-
ered with trophies, awards and citations until you
remember the man that Martin was. He was not a
glory-seeker, yet trophies, awards and citations were
his in abundance. His trophies did not hang in his
office or in the inner sanctum of his den. They are
walking the streets, a constant reminder that his
services to the public and the men in his charge
were not in vain. The cards and letters he received
from his former charges were all the citations he
enjoyed reading.

In a telegram expressing his regrets upon learn-
ing of Martin’s retirement, Arthur T. Prasse, Com-
missioner of Correction stated:

“We deeply regret your decision to retire as
Warden of the Hastern State Penitentiary. We hope
it does not mean that we will not be able to call
upon you again and again to help us in the big task
in which you played such a prominent part.

“Both Gov. George-M. Leader and Attorney Gen-
eral Herbert B. Cohen, who know of your ingenuity,
faith and unimpeachable integrity have joined with
me in saying we are sorry to lose you, one of the best
prison wardens to serve in this state.’’

Almost to the last Colonel Martin thought of us
as exemplified by his statement to his staff before his
retirement: " .......these men in your charge
have run afoul of the law and have been caught.
What they did is not the question. Your job is to
try, in every way possible, to make law-abiding citi-
zens of them, and to return them to their families
and communities for useful purposes.’’

Mr. Martin is no longer with us but we all know
that he has left his mark throughout the institution
and among the men here, and it will not be easy
to erase.
