---
id: "1022"
title: "Some Thoughts On Health"
author: "WOODHOUSE, Larry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SOME THOUGHTS
ON HEALTH

by Larry Weedsouse

The horse-and-buggy doctor surely deserves to live
in romantic legend but some of his rules to good health
must be switched to conform with today’s knowledge. Just
as the family doctor of yesteryear switched from the horse
to a motor, we must switch from some of the old medical
gospel to the theories of today’s modern practitioners.

Our 1965 medical doctors have no basic quarrel with
such time-honored dictums as “Balance Your Diet,”
“Take Your Medicine and Relax” or “Keep Out of Drafts”
— IF — the patient will recognize that they are NOT a
sure-fire guarantee of buoyant good health. In our pres-
ent environment our diet is balanced FOR us; we ARE
“taking our medicine” but may find it difficult to “relax,”
especially should we be sweating out commute or parole!
We may try to keep out of drafts, but would surely ap-
preciate “a call” from our local Draft Board — if — no
one raised “a wall” of objections!

Seriously, any good rule has its exceptions. Here are
six ways in which commonly-held beliefs from the “horse-
and-buggy days’ can be dangerous:

1. BELIEF — “Most bothersome aches and pains will go
away if you just take it easy.”

FACT — Many chronic diseases develop almost un-
noticed, especially in the middle or late years. It is a
mistake to dismiss persistent disturbances such as skin
blemishes, aches and stiffness in joints or muscles with —
“I guess I’m just getting old.” (NOTE: when we finally
step out into the outside world it will be well to remember
that a yearly medical check-up is the best protection
against a sneak attack. Though a half-day of work may
be lost, the benefit may last a lifetime. In fact, the re-
ward may even be MORE of a lifetime.)

2. BELIEF — “It’s a good idea to save our left-over med-
icines in case we have a recurrence of our previous ail-
ment.”

FACT — This is most unwise; throw all medicines away
after you are cured (other than standard medications
for minor headaches and diarrhea). Medicines may de-
teriorate and become either worthiess or too highly con-
centrated with age. Furthermore, taking left-over med-
ications may not be proper for your current problem and
may tend to “mask” your symptoms, so that a diagnosis
might be difficult. SELF-DIAGNOSIS and SELF-MED-
ICATION are dangerous.

3. BELIEF — “Eating three good meals a day will keep
you in good health.”

FACT — Obviously, skipping meals is not going to
help in the pursuit of good health, but just eating reg-
ularly is no guarantee against illness. If on a diet, you
can still eat three meals a day merely by cutting down on
the quantity. In NO case - OVEREAT. Specific vitamin
requirements vary with age, stress and other factors, but
vitamin supplements are not a substitute for food; true,
they may help offset nutritional deficiencies which may
not be readily apparent.

4. BELIEF — “Sitting in a drafty or chilly room (or cell)
will cause you to catch cold.”

FACT — It is not advisable to try the experiment your-
self, but evidence compiled from a group of English vol-
unteers seems to have disproved this old adage. Their
findings indicate that sound nutrition and EXERCISE are
better “cold preventives’ than worrying about drafts or
cold feet.

5. BELIEF — “A little hard work never hurt anyone.”

FACT — A little hard work can overtax a person’s
physical strength even though one may feel physically
capable of doing the job. DO NOT OVERTAX yourself;
STOP FOR A BREATHER before you become exhausted.
If you must lift a heavy object, handle it so that most of
the weight is borne by your legs, NOT your back. Never
lift while holding your breath or with a sudden jerk. This
will help prevent a hernia (rupture), a sprained back, a
wrenched muscle or a slipped disc. (NOTE: A “Chiro-
practer’ is NOT “a slipped-disc jockey.”)

6. BELIEF — “Get plenty of exercise to keep physically
ite

FACT — This is only O.K. if done REGULARLY, and
NOT in sudden violent spurts. It is much better to con-
centrate on regular morning push-ups, or some other
moderate exercise, on a DAY-TO-DAY BASIS, than to
SAVE your “work-out” for the week-end. Exercising in
sudden violent spurts is most dangerous. | have witnessed
two men, both in their fifties and both active in sports,
die here from coronary thrombosis. Daily exercise may
seem to be a problem to most of us, especially during the
“no yard out” season. | had often wondered just what to
do in this “September to June” period, however, my wife
finally solved this in a letter that suggested | use “‘iso-
metric” exercises. This method involves the pushing a-
gainst, or pulling of, immovable objects. NO equipment
other than what you find in your “room,” is necessary.
There are most assuredly plenty of immovable objects all
over our area to insure us being able to do this several
times a day. Many forms of this exercise may be used;
for example, stand in your doorway (which | can’t do and
| have the bumps to prove it!) place the palms of your
hands against each side and then PUSH THE SIDES A-
WAY. Another one is to sit on your bench and then reach
under the seat and LIFT YOURSELF UP. Or you may just
sit there, cross your arms and then push against your
knees, using your thigh muscles to resist your pushing ef-
forts. You are pushing or pulling against a set of muscles
that are pulling or pushing against another set. Another
example of this is to sit on the side of your bed and extend
both legs straight out — then, push down on your knees
with both hands, again resisting the push with your leg
muscles.

CAUTION: The period of time for these exercises should
not be more than 8 seconds. To extend the duration of
the exercise could ruin all benefits derived to date. The
secret is to do the exercise, or exercises, several times a
day and to do them DAILY.

Those who are anxious to “body build” may supplant
the foregoing exercises with “push-ups,” “leg and body
raises,” “duckwalks” or “squats.”

The physician of today advises against all strenuous
WEEK-END activities after a ‘no exercise” five day per-
iod. In lieu of the above he might even suggest “a nice
long walk every evening.” A brisk walk is one of the finest
of conditioners. All of us surely look forward to the day,
or rather — evening, when we may take this “unconfined
walk.”

Before closing, I must state how wonderful it is that our
government is finally doing something about the physical
fitness of our children. Experts had been clamoring for
years that we were turning out a nation of softies.” Prac-
tically half of our school children are over-weight or lack-
ing in strength and stamina. No wonder; life today is
easier than it ever was with thousands of gadgets to save
us labor. No more garbage for junior to carry out (dis-
posal unit); no more lawnmower for our son (or us) to
push (motor); we even have private snow-shoveling ma-
chines. These push-button gadgets make it easier to do
anything from opening a can to switching TV channels
without moving from your chair. Progress? Of course,
but look what it has done to our bodies!

Fortunately, President Kennedy decided to do some-
thing about the physical fitness of our school children. He
appointed a Council of Physical Fitness to check our
young boys and girls. 48% failed basic physical fitness
tests. He then selected Bud Wilkinson, ex-Oklahoma
University head football coach, to head and direct a
Council on Youth Fitness. At this moment they have al-
ready developed a program in the states of Oklahoma,
Minnesoto, Missouri, North Dakota, Georgia and Penn-
sylvania. Their program stresses SIMPLE EXERCISES to
bring strength, agility and flexibility.

His last act was to appoint Stan Musial as “Special
Consultant to the President on Physical Fitness.” Stan-
the-Man says, “the most important thing to remember
about keeping physically fit is to exercise REGULARLY
and NOT JUST ON WEEK-ENDS.”

Once we religiously follow the above exercises and ad-
vice, the EVERYDAY program will soon become HABIT
FORMING, as you develop and strengthen your form.
How much can physical fitness contribute to your well-
being? Take the words of no jess an authority than Nobel
Prize winning scientist Dr. Albert Szent-Gyorgi: “Human
happiness and efficiency are dependent to a great extent
on the good working order of our muscles, and no end of
suffering is due to their disfunction.” With these words
in mind, and remembering Stan Musial’s advice we
should immediately start a DAILY EXERCISE and never
make the common mistake of thinking that week-end
bouts of strenuous work-outs make up for a whole week
of sitting on — — the sidelines.
