---
id: "1023"
title: "Telstar: World's First"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
TELSTAR:
World's
First

Years ago theoretical suggestions had been made that
artificial “moonlets” be used for world-wide communica-
tions. But it remained for Bell Telephone Laboratories’
Dr. John R. Pierce — in 1954 — to make the first con-
crete proposals that space satellites be used for over-
seas communications. This was three years before
Russia’s Sputnik | was orbited. In a technical paper pub-
lished the following year, Dr. Pierce analyzed two methods
for communicating via satellites: by reflecting signals
off mirror-like “passive” satellites or by transmitting to
“active” satellites which would catch and amplify the
signals before retransmitting them back to earth.

Echo I, the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-
tration’s ten-story-high reflecting ballon satellite, orbited
in August 1960, proved Dr. Pierce’s ideas. Voices and still
photographs were “bounced” off Echo I in experiments in
which Bell Labs and its unique Holmdel, N. J. horn an-
tenna were major participants.

The Bell System has taken a stride forward in the quest
for better communications with the launching of its own
experimental satellite — Telstar — the world’s first
satellite built and paid for by private industry. Within
hours of its July 10, 1962 launching — made from Cape
Canaveral (now Cape Kennedy) by NASA — Bell engi-
neers had successfully sent telephone conversations, tele-
vision and telephoto microwave transmissions from the
Bell System’s earth station at Andover, Maine, up to
Telstar in space and back to earth.

This story of the TELSTAR projects, is published for general infor-
mation and educational value. The research we have done has been
extensive.

Recently, two American astronauts “blasted off” for a multi-orbital
flight around the earth. We have chosen to publish this illustrated
article at a time when our thoughts are on “outer space” activities.

Although some of this material is old, we feel there is educational
value in such an article.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

The United States had only 550 transoceanic telephone
circuits with which to handle the more than 4.3 million
overseas calls made in 1961. This includes a 15 percent
call increase in that year — a continuation of the ever-
increasing demand. Even with the laying of more under-
sea cable, the demand promises to mount. Bell System is
also providing overseas circuits via both cables and high
frequency radio. Both of these methods, however, are sub-
ject to a variety of ills which limit their reliability: cables
are difficult to maintain and costly to build, while radio
is subject to interruption, and even complete blocking, by
high energy particles from sun spots.

Bell Labs’ research by some 400 scientists, engineers
and technicians has led to the development of the Telstar
satellite and its associated microwave experiments. More
circuits of three types instead of only two, as mentioned
above, with increased flexibility and even greater overseas
service reliability, are among the benefits anticipated
from an operating communications satellite system fol-
lowing the Telstar and other experiments.

We wish to express our sincere appreciation to Martin B. Christy,
Jr., public relations manager for advertising, and William Schramm,
Jr., editor of THE TELEPHONE NEWS, Office of the Vice-president of
Public ‘Relations, The Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania, for
their valuable assistance in supplying the photographs which appear
herein, as well as much of the background information for this feature.
We are also indebted to our own S. R. Cantoral and Stan Moroz for
their excellent illustrations. — Editor

Each of Telstar’s 15,000 components was subjected to
painstaking tests and inspections. Repairs can’t be made
in space! Engineers at Bell Labs’ Hillside, N. J. facility —
where the four “fly” (i.e., —flyable) models were made —
check electronic subassembly used to switch various cir-
cuits off and on in response to commands sent to the
satellite from the ground. Telstar’s principal transmitter,
for example, can be turned off to conserve power while
the satellite orbits around the earth’s far side.

Telstar’s only electron tube is the traveling wave tube.
The tube is a 12-inch-long, pencil-thin glass tube con-
taining a spiral wire. Despite its minute size, the travel-
ing wave tube is the only device in the world capable of
the tremendous broadband amplification (10,000 times)
needed to boost the signals Telstar receives for retrans-
mission back to earth.

Seven transistors, specially fabricated by Bell Lab-
oratories, are used in the satellite to measure varying
amounts of Van Allen belt radiation damage to solid state
devices. These are but a few of the 115 items of data
that are reported on by Telstar’s telemetry.

Two hemispheres are joined together to form the Tel-
star satellite. The satellite’s electronic package is se-
curely held within the inner framework by nylon cord lac-
ings which enables it to withstand the shocks and high
frequency vibrations encountered during and after
launching.

Power for Telstar comes from 19 nickle-cadmium cells
rimming the inner periphery of the satellite’s 20-inch
electronic package. These cells, of the type used in re-
chargeable flashlights but specially designed for the
space environment, are charged by 3,600 solar cells,
mounted on a ceramic base in a platinum frame, on the
satellite's skin. The solar cells convert the sun’s energy
into electricity.

TESTING AND REFINEMENTS

Numerous models of the 34/2-inch-diameter Telstar
satellite, as well as the four “fly” models with their com-
ponents and subassemblies, were put through an infinite
variety of exacting tests. Records were kept on each
item’s performance. Construction and testing of all “fly”
models was done under hospital-like, dust-free condi-
tions.

Still more tests — of solar cells, antenna, transmission
and telemetry — were made when the satellite arrived at
Cape Canaveral. Some continued even after the satellite
was mounted atop its Delta launch vehicle.

CONSTRUCTION OF SPACE HILL
Complex as it may seem, the Telstar satellite has been
kept relatively uncomplicated by the fact that the great-
est portion of the work in the Telstar experiments was
done on the ground at the Andover, Maine Space Hill
tracking site. A powerful continuous signal (2,000 watts
and 25 megacycle bandwidth) is “shot” up to the satel-
lite in space and the extremely sensitive ground receiver
picks up the comparatively weak signals coming back to
earth. To accomplish this, Bell Labs’ engineers designed
a 177-foot-long by 94-foot-high horn antenna that is an
engineering accomplishment of astonishing proportions.
Although the horn weighs 380 tons, the 70-foot-diameter
wheel on which it rotates is accurate to within 1/32nd of
an inch. It transmits microwave signals to Telstar; con-
tinuously tracks the satellite to accuracies of better than
1/50th of a degree, and scoops up returning signals of
about a billionth of a watt.

Telstar Satellite Model

In September 1961, a temporary inflated radome 16
stories high was put up so that construction of the horn
antenna could continue through the severe Maine winter.
The Maine site was selected because it is remote from
interference by outside radio signals and because the sur-
rounding mountains cut off any such signals without pos-
ing a serious barrier to tracking Telstar as it rises and
sets in its orbital flights around the earth.

By late December 1961, the horn antenna’s 70-foot
diameter elevation wheel was up, paneling was placed in
the body of the horn and steel framework was being built
for its large, scoop-like open end.

The horn’s 68-foot-wide mouth funnels down inside a
cab structure, referred to as the upper cab, to a one-
square-inch waveguide and finally to a pencil-thin tube
that leads to the heart of the ultra-sensitive receiving
equipment — the ruby maser. The maser is an extremely
low-noise amplifier whose central element is a synthetic
ruby rod immersed in liquid helium at minus 456 degrees
Fahrenheit. Its function is to boost the approximately
one-billionth of a watt signal picked up by the horn to
usable strength.

RAISING THE PERMANENT RADOME

With the coming of Spring 1962, there came the her-
culean task of replacing the temporary radome with a
permanent one. Both structures, the largest inflated
shelters ever built, are about 210 feet in diameter and 160
feet high. The permanent radome, made of 1/16th-inch
thick Dacron and synthetic rubber, weighs 20 tons and —
if laid out flat — would cover three acres. What made
the change so enormously difficult was that the tempor-
ary radome had to be kept essentially in place while
the permanent one was pulled up over it.

After several tons of hay were spread out on the ground
ror cushioning, the permanent radome was laid out in neat
roids. Cables from several huge cranes were fastened with
special triangular clamps to the grommeted edges of the
fabric. The entire lifting operation was coordinated by
men with walkie-talkies placed at intervals around the
structure. This successful 36-hour effort on April 18-19
came five days after an earlier week-long attempt which
was defeated by high winds and heavy snows. Inflated,
the permanent radome is held steady against winds of
hurricane force by air pressure of less than 1/10th of a
pound per square inch. Its synthetic fabric is essentially
transparent to radio energy.

Nearby the radome stand the control building from
which engineers are carrying out the various Telstar ex-
periments. Inside of the one-third acre, single story
building is a maze of intricate equipment. The seven-
position master control console is flanked by tracking
equipment and computers. Television monitors for ob-
serving and comparing TV signals are built into several
console positions. Others are hung at an angle overhead.
As action center for the Telstar experiments, the control
building's equipment and personnel track the satellite,
send it commands, monitor its 115 data measurements,
control the horn antenna’s movements, and relay the data
received to the Murray Hill, N. J. laboratory for evalua-
tinn and study by scientists and engineers.

A quad-helix command tracker, looking like something
out of science fiction, is used for initial acquisition of Tel-
star as it rises above the horizon, for sending commands
to the satellite, and for telemetry (receiving radioed re-
ports on the 115 data measurements being made’ by Tel-
star). After initial acquisition, this antenna’s: tracking
functions are assumed with much greater accuracy by the
precision tracker which locks on the satellite’s 4080
megacycle beacon.

At 4:35 a.m. on July 10, 1962, NASA used a Douglas-
built Delta vehicle to boost the Bell System’s Telstar sat-
ellite from Cape Canaveral, Florida into a nearly perfect
elliptical orbit. The Bell Laboratories-Western Electric
command guidance system, used for more than 90 suc-
cessful space and missle launches, including Tiros and
Echo, guided Telstar into space. The Bell System paid the
entire launching cost of about three million dollars.

The historic first television transmission made via an
active communications satellite showed Old Glory waving
in the breeze in front of the Andover radome, accom-
panied by the strains of the “Star-Spangled Banner.”

TELSTAR SATELLITE ORBIT

Approximate track during first orbit of the earth

EXPLORING NEW VOICEWAYS IN SPACE

The principle purpose of Project Telstar is to test the
actuai use and reliability of active satellites for the trans-
mission of broadband microwave radio signals. To date,
the results have been spectacularly successful. On Tel-
star's sixth orbit — the first that it was in the desired
position to receive signals from Andover — Bell scientists
achieved an historic breakthrough. A telephone call was
sent from A. T. & T. Board Chairman Frederick R. Kap-
pel at Andover via the satellite to then Vice-president
Lyndon B. Johnson in Washington, D. C. Mr. Johnson's
voice returned to Andover over conventional land lines.
Minutes later the first television transmission took place.
Next, another “first” was logged as Bell engineers tele-
photoed a still picture up to Telstar and back again.
Theory gave way to proven fact as the historic television
transmission was received with near-perfect clarity at the
Andover earth station where it originated and also at the
Holmdel, N. J., Goonhilly Downs, England and Pleumeur
Bodou, France stations. The following night Telstar star-
red again when the nation’s three major networks aired
the first east-west telecasts from the French and Eng-
lish earth stations. Many other important achievements
have followed.

Project Telstar is a tribute to the free enterprise sys-
tem as well as to American spirit of cooperation between
business and government. Through its own initiative,
spending millions of dollars of its own money, the Bell
System is exploring new yoiceways in space to help bring
better communications to the nation and the world.

SECOND TELSTAR EXPERIMENT — TELSTAR II

The Bell System’s second Telstar communications sat-
ellite was rocketed into an orbit around the earth on May
7, 1963. This experimental satellite continued Telstar
I’s explorations of space and communications and will
bring the future reality of worldwide communications by
commercial satellite. Information gained is being given
to NASA, to the Communications Satellite Corporation,
and to the scientific community.

The spectacularly successful experiments with Telstar
produced a wealth of technical data. Telstar II is con-
tinuing those tests and is providing new data on space en-
vironment.

Specifically, Telstar II is being used to: Learn how to
extend the useful life of communications satellites, es-
pecially by avoiding or overcoming radiation effects;
check the performance of new equipment and methods of
tracking at the earth station in Andover; conduct trans-
mission tests with a higher altitude than before.

TELSTAR | & Il
TYPICAL ORBITS

Approximate track of Telstar II’s first orbit
compared to that of TELSTAR I.

TELSTAR II BASICALLY SAME IN APPEARANCE

Telstar II is basically the same in appearance as its
predecessor although modifications within it have added
four and a half pounds to its weight. These changes in-
clude some new radiation-measuring equipment.

Telstar Il reports 118 measurements by telemetry, six
more than Telstar I. The principal additions include
measurements of the command circuit and a more pre-
cise check on pressure inside the satellite. Also, Telstar
il can send its telemetry reports via microwave as well as
on the VHF (Very High Frequency) beacon used by Tel-
star I. Availability of an improved, more powerful Delta
rocket made it possible to place this satellite into an
orbit with a greater apogee than Telstar I; provides about
fifty percent more simultaneous visibility per pass be-
tween the United States and Europe than did Telstar I.
Also, it is on occasion simultaneously visible to Japan and
this country, thus permitting experiments with the Orient.

NEED FOR COMMUNICATIONS SATELLITE SYSTEM

A communications satellite system is needed for two
principal reasons. First, along with undersea cables and
high frequency radio transmission, it will provide the
greatly increased number of overseas circuits that will be
needed in the immediate future; and second, it will serve
to increase the flexibility of world-wide communications.

Telephone service today extends from the United States
to 180 countries and territories. Altogether, Bell System
telephones can be connected to nearly 98 percent of the
telephones in the world. Use of overseas facilities is grow-
ing rapidly. In 1963 there were more than five million
overseas telephone calls.

CONCLUSION

Even though a cable connects us with central America
and notwithstanding the fact that one was stretched
across the vast Pacific in 1964, plus the actuality of a
fourth European-U. S. A. underwater cable (now in pro-
gress) ... it is evident that even more circuits will still be
needed.

This new satellite communications system will surely
meet this demand for more pathways in an amazingly
practical and efficient manner. Furthermore, as a com-
plement to underwater cables, this astonishing satellite
system will give overseas service the same versatility we
now enjoy in providing land communications by both
cable and microwave system.

Today, in the Spring of 1965, A. T. & T. no longer owns
or operates any satellite communications. Instead, they
are leasing voice channels from “Comsat” — the newly
formed communications Satellite Corporation which was
sponsored by the U. S. Government. Only 50 percent of its
200 million dollar issue of 10 million shares can be pur-
chased by the public; the other half (5 million shares) is
reserved specifically for communications companies (A.
T. & T. among them) and such organizations as the New
York Times and Time, Inc., which have common carrier
subsidiaries. It is notable that the general public over-
subscribed the issue by a three to one ratio even though
Congress set a limit of but 50 shares per person.

From the above it is evident that these investors are
looking far into the future, inasmuch as the system to be
developed by Comsat cannot possibly be in full operation
before 1967, or later. This means, naturally, that there
cannot possibly be any dividends for some time to come,
inasmuch as no profits can be earned prior to 1969, ‘70 or
later. No doubt they, as we, have the same dreams as an
engineer of A. T. & T., who stated, a year or so ago, that:
esd: let us say that in the ultimate, whenever a baby
is born enywhere in this world, he is given at birth a num-
ber which will be his telephone number FOR LIFE. As soon
as he can talk, he is given a watch-like device with ten
little buttons on one side and a screen on the other. Thus
equipped, at any time when he wishes to talk with any-
one in the world, he will pull out the device and punch on
the keys the number of his friend. Then, turning the de-
vice over, he will HEAR the voice of his friend and SEE
HIS FACE, in COLOR and in THREE DIMENSIONS. If he
does not see him and hear him, he will know that the
friend is dead.”

Certainly, we may expect the outgrowth of the TEL-
STAR experiments to better our world societies as world
communications improve; we pray, in fact, that these in-
credibly fast and far reaching transmissions will help
bring the rest of our world closer to the United States of
America — in PEACE and UNDERSTANDING.
