---
id: "1025"
title: "The Overseer's Log"
author: "SNYDER, George N."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE
OVERSEER’S
LOG

by George N. Suyder

EXCERPTS FROM THE OFFICIAL RECORDS
OF THE EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY AT
THE BEGINNING OF THE TWENTIETH
CENTURY.

March 14, 1900: “Warden Michael J. Cassidy died at
10 o'clock, this AM, after a servitude of 40 years — as
Carpenter — Overseer — and Warden. He endeared
himself by his kindness to Officers and Prisoners alike.”. . .
Sept. 11, 1901: “B-324 whose time expired today was held
for 30 days on account of fighting with his partner 319 on
Sunday morning, 8 inst.” . . . Oct. 27, 1901: “President
Roosevelt’s birthday, 43 years old. Long life to you,
Teddy!” . . . Feb. 2, 1902: “Ground Hog Day. Could not
see his shadow and went way back and sat down.” .. .
Jan. 15, 1903: “Tooth pulled by Overseer Smith.” (The
next victim had an outside dentist brought in; there was a
Staff Dentist within a year) .. . March 3, 1905: “Mrs.
Maypbrick, late of English prison where she was doing time
for the murder of her husband, visited the prison.” . . .
Feb. 27, 1906: “Four inmates lost exercise privileges for
one week for talking in yard.” . . . July 27, 1906: “1930
(runner) locked up; too much missionary work for his own
good.” .. . Sept. 22, 1906: “2414 from 6 Gallery to Soli-
tary; was caught in one of the 2 Block yards.” (2 Block
then was the women’s prison . . . August 27, 1907: “Mr,
James O'Neill, Esq. (Overseer) going on his vacation re-
joicing and may God bless him and give him a safe return,
well and happy.” . . . Christmas 1907 brought the follow-
ing gifts to inmates: garters, sleeve-holders, suspenders,
handkerchiefs, two wreaths, a box of cut flowers, books,
pens & pencils, belts, matches, cups, saucers, pitchers,
and a rocking chair. All the above were permitted, but
candy and a necktie were forbidden . . . Jan. 28, 1908:
"3244 visited by Cousin; received two canary birds.” .. .
March 31, 1908: “Bologna sausage served for dinner.”
... Sept. 22, 1908: “Warden Church visited 3593 in 5 Gal-
lery office at 5 PM; then took him down to the Main Of-
fice and put him through the Third Degree.” . . . Noy. 16,
1908: “B-3631 taken down to Court to stand trial for
jumping over the Wall.” . . . Feb. 10, 1909: “B-3212
bought B-978’s false teeth for $9.00.” 
