---
id: "1026"
title: "Chess News"
author: "Pearson, Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0028.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
CHESS NEWS
by Martin J. Pearson

INDUSTRIAL LEAGUE

The ESP Chess Club became the first team
to win the Industrial League Championship
two years running. The club literally ran
away with the title, winning all six matches:
Water Dept., 5 - 0; SKF, 4 - 1; General
Electric, 3 - 2; Blue Cross, 5 - 0; DISC, 342 -
114, and Phila. Electric, 5 - 0.

Following are the individual scores of the
members of the team:

Martin J. Pearson, 5 wins, 1 draw; Joseph
Antoniewicz, 5 wins, 1 loss; John Walker, 5
wins, 1 loss; Thomas Williams, 5 wins, 1 loss;
Stanley Moroz, 3 wins, 1 loss; Leonard
Massey, 2 wins.

The crucial match was with DISC, who,
like ESP, were undefeated. Williams and
Antoniewicz posted early victories while
Walker was losing to Fraser. On board #1,
Pearson busted Chess Master Robert Sobei’s
pet variation against the French Defense,
but instead of immediately securing the win,
decided to play patty cake and had to be
satisfied with a draw.

The burden then fell on L. Massey. A win
or draw would cinch the title for our club and
a loss would throw both clubs into a tie for
first place. The tie would then be broken by
total game points. Before the completion of
this important game, a quick tally was taken
of game points for both clubs and it was dis-
covered that regardless of the outcome of the
game ESP would find the championship.

The final game in the match is given be-
low with notes by the winner, Leonard
Massey.

BALOGH DEFENSE

 WHITE             BLACK
L. MASSEY       R. CINTRON 
 (ESP)             (DISC)

 1. N-B3        P-Q3 (a)
 2. P-Q4 (j)    P-KB4
 3. PxP (b)     BxP
 4. Q-B3 (c)    Q-B1
 5. B-Q3 (d)    B-KN5 (e)
 6. Q-N3        N-QB3
 7. B-K3 (f)    N-B3 (g)
 8. P-KR3 (h)   B-B4
 9. N-KB3       BxB
10. PxB         Q-B4 (i)
11. O-O         O-O-O
12. N-B3        N-QN5
13. QR-Q1 (j)   P-K3
13. R-B1        KN-Q4 (k)
15. NxN         NxN (l)
16. N-N5        P-KR3
17. N-K4        P-KN4
18. R-B4        B-K2
19. KR-B1       P-B3 (m)
20. P-N4        NxB
21. QxN (n)     P-Q4
22. N-N3        Q-B2
23. R/4-B2      BxP (o)
24. R-N1        B-Q3
25. Q-B1        R-Q2 (p)
26. RxPch       PxR (q)
27. QxPch       R-B2 (r)
28. Q-8ch       K-Q2
29. QxR         R-B7 (s)
30. R-N7ch (t)  B-B2
31. P-B3 (u)    K-B3 (v)
32. RxP         R-B8ch
33. N-B1 (w)    B-R7ch
34. KxB         QxR
35. N-N3        Q-QB2
36. QxP (x)     Q-K2 (y)
37. P-KR4       PxP (z)
38. QxRch       K-Q2
39. N-K2        P-K4
40. Q-B5        Q-B2
41. PxP         Q-K3
42. Q-Q6ch      Resigns

a) This move generally indicates that the
second player intends to adopt the Pirc De-
fense, which can be positionaily complicated;
yet, has the drawback of permitting White
too much leeway in the Center. Thus, the
reason for Black's second move, which
launches an immediate counter attack
against White's Center.

b) This capture is best for retaining the
initiative as it provides White with a half-
open file directly opposed to the hostile King.

c) Attacking the Bishop and the Queen’s
Knight pawn simultaneously.

d) Black was threatening 5... BxP.

e) While convention holds with 5... BxB,
this move is disconcerting to the extent it
forces the Queen to occupy an unfavorable
square.

f) This is wrong. White is foolishly led
astray by the possibility of 7... Q-K3; 8. P-
K5, winning a piece. Better is N-KB3 and if
fine 7 oo o Nie &, xd, NhPe ©, OalSyeln,
P-N3; 10. BxPch with advantage to White.

g) Black correctly continues with his de-
velopment.

h) The only way to regain the squandered
tempo.

i) Preparing to castle Queen side and im-
posing the threat of preventing White from
castling. The pawn must be abandoned.
However, after 11. O-O, QxP; 12. N-QB3,
White’s lead in development, plus the half-
opened files, more than compensates for
the pawn.

j) This is the best move, as the capture of
the pawn now results in the loss of a piece.
But White confusing his calculations, is under
the impression that he has wasted time.
Therefore, on his next move, attempting to
correct this error, he plays into an inferior
variant which could have resulted in a de-
cisive advantage for Black.

k) White played his 14th move with the
variation 14... NxP; 15. R-B2, N-K4; 16.
KR-QBI with strong pressure on the Queen
side. Overlooking the simple reply available
to Black on move 15 . . . N-QN5 attacking
the Rook and threatening N-K5 attacking
directly and the Rook pawn indirectly.

l) While Black has not yet completed his
development, his position has been improved
by the exchanges. Also in his favor, is the
positional plus of the outpost in the Center.
White is forced to regroup in order to or-
ganize an attack.

m) Black is laying the groundwork for a
combination which he expects to net him a
piece, but only yields a pawn, whose capture
only aids White.

n) Not PxN, because 21 .. . P-Q4 wins.
The recapture with the Queen readies KN3
for the Knight to attack the Queen.

o) This capture has the defect of further
exposing the King, which in this instance
proves decisive.

p) One of the King’s valuable flight squares
is now occupied by the Rook; making possible
the following combinction which not only re-
gains White’s less material, but yields a de-
cisive positional advantage as well.

q) Better is 26... R-B2 and Black still has
winning chances.

r) Best for Black as 27... B-B2, is met
by 28. Q-R8ch, B-NI; 29. QxB mate.

s) Black now threatens mate in two.

t) Black’s reply is forced. White thus
gains enough respite to put his house in
order.

u) Defending against the mate.

v) Black attempts a cute swindle by offer-
ing a pawn; but White is able to find suf-
ficient defense.

w) Not 33. K-R2, BxN; 34. KxB, Q-B5ch;
35. K-B2, Q-Q7ch; 36. K-N3, Q-K8ch; 37.
K-R2, drawn. If 37. K-N4, Q-R5 mate.

x) Despite being down the exchange, White
has a won position. Black cannot defend all
his weaknesses.

y) A noble attempt to defend the pawn, but
it must fall

z) A catastrophic blunder.

CHAMPIONSHIP SECTION

The Championship Team showed a slight
improvement over the play of last year, win-
ning two (Pawn Club, 3 1/2 - 1 1/2 and Ukrain-
ians, 3 - 2), losing five matches (Univ. of
Penn., 4 - 1; Franklin - Mercantile, 5 - 0;
Germantown, 3 - 2; Post #396, 3 1/2 - 1 1/2,
and Greater Northeast, 3 1/2 - 1 1/2).

For the first time in the history of the
Phila. Chess Assn. the Team Championship
Tournament was an official U. S. Chess Fed-
eration rated event. All members of the
team representing the ESP Chess Club have
become members of the U. S. C. F. and will
receive official ratings in the near future.
These ratings will be published immediately
upon reception. The following are the scores
of the team players which will determine
their rating:

Martin J. Pearson, 3 wins, 3 draws, 1 loss;
Joseph Antoniewicz, 1 win, 1 draw, 5 losses;
Thomas Williams, 2 wins, 1 draw, 4 losses;
John Walker, 3 wins, 1 loss; Stanley Moroz,
1 win, 4 losses; Leonard Massey, 3 losses.

The following game was played on the
first board in the match with American
Legion Post #396, between Chess Master
Kimball Nedved, Phila. Individual Chess
Champion for the past two years, and ESP’s
Martin J. Pearson.

FRENCH DEFENSE

   WHITE         BLACK
K. NEDVED     M. PEARSON
  (#396)        (ESP)

 1. P-K4       P-K3 (a)
 2. P-Q4       P-Q4
 3. P-K5 (b)   P-QB4
 4. N-KB3 (c)  N-QB3
 5. B-Q3       PxP
 6. 0-0        KN-K2 (d)
 7. B-KB4      N-N3
 8. B-N3       B-K2
 9. QN-Q2      B-Q2
10. N-N3       Q-N3
11. P-KR4 (e)  P-B3 (f)
12. R-K1       O-O
13. BxN        PxB
14. PxP        PxP
15. Q-Q3 (g)   K-N2
16. P-R5       PxP
17. N-R5       P-B4 (h)
18. N-B3       B-B3 (i)
19. N-K5       NxN
20. BxN        BxB
21. RxB        K-B3 (j)
22. QR-K1      QR-K1
23. Q-R3       R-KR1
24. Q-R4ch     K-B2
25. NxP        Q-Q1 (1)
26. Q-B4       Q-B3
27. N-B3       KR-N1 (m)
28. R/5-K3     B-B3 (n)
29. N-K5ch     K-B1
30. NxB        PxN
31. Q-Q6ch     K-B2
32. QxBP       R-K2 (o)
33. Q-06       P-R5 (p)
34. R-KR3      R-N5 (q)
35. Q-R3       Q-N4
36. Q-KB3      K-B3
37. R-K3       R-KN2
38. P-KN3      PxP
39. RxP        RxRch
40. PxR (r)    P-Q5 (s)
41. R-Q3 (t)   Q-B8ch
42. R-Q1       RxPch
43. QxR        QxRch
44. K-R2       QxPch
45. K-R3       QxP
46. Q-R4ch     K-K4 (u)
47, Q-R8ch     K-Q4
48. Q-R8ch     K-B5
49. Q-B6ch     K-Q6
50. QxP        K-B6 (y)
51. Q-B8ch     K-Q7
52. QxP        Q-B6ch (w)
53. K-N2       P-Q6
54. Q-B4ch     K-B7
55. Q-R4ch     K-B8 (x)
56. K-B8       P-Q7
57. Q-KB4      Q-Q6ch (y)
58. K-B2       K-B7
59. Q-R4ch     K-N7
60. Q-Q1 (z)   Q-B7
61. K-K2 (aa)  QxQch
62. KxQ        K-B6 (bb)
63. P-R3 (cc)  P-R3
64. Resigns

a) This move signals the French Defense.
In King Pawn openings Black’s weakest
square is KB2. With the text move he for-
tifies this square, entices White to establish
pawns in the Center and then proceeds to hit
at the Center with P-Q4, P-QB4 and usu-
ally P-KB3. White then has two basic plans:
(1) maintaining the Center pawns with a
view to cramping Black’s position; (2) ex-
changing off the pawns and using the va-
cated squares as posts for his pieces. The
big drawback of this defense is the diffi-
culty encountered developing the Queen’s
Bishop. Biack also has to be content with a
cramped positien which usually continues
well into the middle game. One of the out-
standing features of the defense is to en-
tice White to initiate a premature attack.
White has more control of space; but on the
other hand this space control may be a hand-
icap, since it gives Black more points for
attack.

b) Releasing the tension in the Center.
More common are N-QB3 and N-Q2, the
latter being the most popular today. The
move made gives Black the opportunity to
smash the Center.

c) White plays a gambit variation and one
in which he intends to utilize his K5 as an
outpost.

d) Black is in no hurry to play P-B3. He
intends to concentrate on development first,
retaining the option of castling on either side
until White discloses his plans.

e) This looks powerful, but Black’s follow-
ing moves will demonstrate its weakness.

f) The only logical move. If White plays
P-R5 then simply NxP. Files on the King
side will now be opened for utilization by
Black’s Rooks.

g) Not so much to attack the Knight pawn
as to force P-B4 by Black so White can use
K5.

h) White has achieved his objective, se-
curing K5 for his pieces. On the other hand,
he has practically ceded a half-open file
(KN) to Black. At first this seems un-
important due to the superior mobility of the
White pieces, but this is an illusion.

i) Black battles for the vital square and
threatens QR-K1 followed by P-K4. White
can only prevent this by exchanging a brace
of minor pieces and occupying the square
with a Rook.

j) Protects the King pawn and vacates the
Knight file for the Rooks.

l) A real critical position. Black made the
move realizing that an exchange of Queens
would leave him with three isolated pawns.
But he believed that the resulting end game
would be drawish as the following varia-
tions demonstrate: 26. QxQ, RxQ; 27. NxKP,
BxN; 28. RxB, KR-K1 (not QR-Q1, which
would be met by 29. R/6-K5 and White wins
as Black cannot protect all his weaknesses) ;
(1) 29. RxR; RxR; 30. RxR, KxR; 31. K-R2 (or
31. P-KB4, K-B2; 32. K-B2, P-R5; 33. K-K3,
K-N3; 34. K-Q4, K-R4; 35. KxP, K-N5; 36.
K-K5, K-N6; 37. KxP, KxP and Black wins) ;
31... K-B2; 32. K-R3, K-N3; 33. P-KB4,
P-Q5. The point is, that White cannot
abandon his King side and attempt to at-
tack Black’s Center pawns, because this
would enable Black to penetrate the King
side for a decisive advantage. (2) 29. RxR,
RxR; 30. R-QI, K-K3; 31. K-R2, R-QB1 at-
tacking the Bishop pawn and intending to
operate on the fifth rank. This variation is
the most complicated one, but with exact
play, should in all probability, end in a draw.
This position alone calls for a very thorough
analysis which is impossible to give because
of a lack of space.

m) Threatening R-N5 followed by either
Q-N3 or R/1-KNI. White stops this tem-
porarily.

n) The Bishop threatens to come into its
own. An eventual P-Q5 would be devas-
tating. White now eliminates the Bishop and
regains his pawn, but what a price he pays.

o) Safeguarding the second rank and pre-
Paring to move this Rook to KN2.

p) Until now White assumed he had the
better game. The text enab!es Black to play
Q-N4. The immediate Q-N4 would be an-
swered by R-N3, forcing the Queen to re-
treat and enable White to ease the pressure
by exchanging a pair of Rooks. The text
move prevents White from contesting the
Knight file.

q) Again Q-N4 would be premature be-
cause of Q-R2 and Black would have to de-
fend his. The following moves are more or
less forced.

r) Of course, not QxR which would lose to
Q-R3 and bye bye Queenie.

s) The real smasheroo. White has two
choices, R-K1 and R-Q3 as played. Let's
look at R-K1. 41. R-KI, QxPch; 42. QxQ,
RxQch, 43. K-B2, R-R6 (with the threat of
R-R7ch) if 44. K-N2 then R-K6 and White’s
only chance lies in 45. RxR, PxR; 46. P-B4,
P-K4; 47. P-N4, K-K3; 48. P-R4, P-K5; 49
Pals, [xlOee SiO, (PSN, Pole Sil, (el3il,
P-B6; 52. P-R6, K-B4; K-K1, P-K7; 54.
K-B2, P-K6ch; 55. K-K1, K-Q5!! 56. P-N6,
K-Q6; 57. P-N7, P-B7 mate. The alterna-
tives are too numerous to illustrate.

t) White chooses to go into a Queen end
game where he retains the possibility of a
perpetual check.

u) Black has the choice of two courses.
One retaining his three passed pawns or
abandoning the Bishop and King pawns, re-
taining the Queen pawn, manuevering the
King to the eighth rank, and pushing the
pawn home. Black rejected the first because
White’s King was closer to the Bishop and
King pawns and would have better counter
chances.

v) Beginning the final manuever to Queen
the pawn. White attempts a last-second
trap.

w) If QxP the Q-B2ch and White wins as
Black loses his Queen.

x) Not Q-B4ch as Black interposes with a
check and forces the exchange of Queens.

y) Keeping the White King away from the
Queening square.

z) Q-N4ch is answered by K-R8 and the
pawn Queens.

aa) A last try!

bb) KxP is also good) (e.g., 62 . . . KxP:
63. KxP, K-N7, and the Rook pawn goes
thundering through).

cc) Still trying, hoping from 63 .. . P-R4;
64. P-R4 and Black would either have to
abandon his Queen pawn or stalemate the
King.

ONE HOUR LEAGUE

This past summer saw the advent of a new
chess league calied the One Hour League.
Four Clubs: Post 7396, King’s Knights,
Greater Northeast, and ESP entered teams.
The teams consisted of six players, with each
player on a team playing every player on the
opposing team.

A single match was worth 36 points with
the winner being decided on total game
points. Ironically, ESP won all matches (19 1/2
- 16 1/2, over #396; 29 1/2 - 6 1/2, over K. K,,
and 19 - 17, over GNE), but lost the title to
GNE because they piled up more points
against #396, mostly through forfeits.

ESP’s last match was with GNE, and going
into it they had a seven point lead. After
the first-half, ESP not only overcame this
lead but jumped into first place with a four
point lead. The second-half of the match
was a complete reverse of the first. The
team just collapsed and GNE finished first
by four points.

RESERVE SECTION

The Reserve Team saw very little action in
the early part of the season, but they have a
full schedule for the next two months, with
matches every Sunday afternoon.

This start has been anything but auspi-
cious. At the time of wiriting they won one
match (3 - 2, over Castle), lost two (Marple-
Newton, 412 - 2, and #396, 3 1/2 - 1 1/2) and
have been credited with forfeits over the
Paladins and the Divinity School.

Most of the members of this team are ex-
periencing their first taste of outside com-
petition and it is evident they are suffering
from a case of the jitters. This will soon wear
off and their play will improve.

In the next issue we will attempt a com-
plete rundown on the members of the Re-
serve Team, giving games and if possible a
little background.

CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT

The grueling 12-round ESP Chess Club
Championship Tournament ended in a vic-
tory for Martin J. Pearson, who posted an
11 1/2 - 1/2 score. Second place went to John
J. Walker, with a 10 - 2 score. Filling out the
top ten places, in the order mentioned, were
Robert Moore, Rudolph Thomas, James Ryder,
Joseph Antoniewicz, Robert Lee, Al White,
Herbert Mitchell and John Orsino.

This was a very peculiar tournament.
Halfway through over half of the club’s A
and B class players were either transferred
or paroled. Of course, this gave the lower
class players a great opportunity to advance,
with several taking advantage of this chance.

Thomas Williams has set a club record by
being upset in the first round of this yearly
tournament for the second year in a row.
Tommy, going to try for three?
