---
id: "1027"
title: "Krazy Korn Korner"
author: "PARKER, Cornelius 'Glets Appletree'"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
KRAZY KORN
KORNER

by Cornelius “Glets Appletree" Parker
from Tonkawanna, Mississippi

(NOTE: Kindly excuse “Kornelius” for his
grammatical errors; he had a very rough time
in school, flunking “Sand Box” three times
before being graduated from Kindergarten.
He was forced to quit school! (after four years
in the first grade) when — instead of him
taking an excuse TO his teacher — the
teacher sent one to his father that demanded
“an excuse for him being present’’!!)

My wife is so bolegged she gotta drive de
kar with both dorr open!

And talkin’ ‘bout feet. Man, my wife got
some bad trotters. Why she got enuff korns
on one feet to feed a mule for too months!

Day kall my cuzzin “Blisters” kause he
allays shos up after de men have dun all de
work!

I shore yoted for Efbe J in November be-
kause i herd he wuz gonna air condition de
cotton fields. i hope dis ain’t one of dem
politic promices dat go in one year and out
de utter!

Bob Hope wuz takin atour o Mississippi an
he wuz so scare doun dere dat he afraid to
order a mix drink!

My muther en!aw so skinny every time
she kauff, her dress faul down! In fac, she
stand neath shour and no water fawl on er!
She shore has perfec “Turnpike Figger’’ —
not a kurve in site! Well, she may have
number one figger, but she shore hain’t
number one wit me!

Me gramma sez dat dere is now a better
feelin all aroun since wimmen quit wearin
korsets!

KORNY’S KWOTES: “You don’t need to
be a carpenter to make a bay window — all
you really need is a knife and fork.”

KORNY’S KNOTTY KUESTION: “Who
was the last man to box John L. Sullivan?”
Answer: The Undertaker.
