---
id: "1028"
title: "The Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0031.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The
Musician's
Corner

by Frederick Adams

The training, care and feeding of jazz musicians are
subjects which should be of concern to many more of us.
Jazz is a significant and vital musical language — truly
of our time, a child of the 20th Century. Its value has
increased with the passing years, as it has developed from
its humble origins to become a sophisticated art form of
international popularity.

As jazz has broadened its expressive and technical
scope, it has made increasing demands on its performers
and composers. To clarify this statement, one need only
compare the thorough musical education required of
1965's jazz professionals with the limited training needed
a generation ago; and further, consider the fact that the
jazz men of World War II were far better trained than
the pioneers of the 1920's. In the “Roaring Twenties” no
self-respecting jazz musician aspired to read or write
music. A skilled “ear’’ and a good memory sufficed for
the simple tunes of that era. Today no musician can hope
to become a professional until! he has mastered the skills
of reading and notating musical composition. The few
“old-timers” still active have long since remedied their
early shortcomings.

In by-gone days the young musician acquired his skills
(his “bag,” in jazz parlance) in the “jam session” and the
“big band” — two long-deceased institutions. He gained
experience in the practical, everyday challenges of crea-
ting music; and he learned the art of pacing himself, ar-
tistically and physically. He learned from his fellow “side-
men” as well as from his leader. Above all, he had time
to learn by trial and error; to try new ideas, even at the
risk of failure. He had time to edit himself and to acquire
the subtle art of artistic discrimination. The young jazz-
man of today has no such opportunities. Deprived of the
“jam session” and the “big band” (the schools of yester-
year), the modern young player is thrown into the jazz
arena and left to fend for himself as best he can. Perhaps
the “stage band” development of recent years will help
fill this void. It is too early to be sure, but there are signs
of its good influence.

In any event, the gap left by the demise of the “jam
session’ and the road-traveling “big band” is all too
obvious. At the same time, the indication is clear that
jazz has arrived at the stage where it can develop its own
teaching and analytical methods, relative to its own
special needs and standards.

Five factors are responsible for the outcome of the
jazz player's improvisation: intuition, emotion, intellect,
sense of pitch, and habit. His intuition is responsible for
the bulk of his originality; his emotion determines the
mood; his intellect helps him solve technical problems
and, with intuition, assists his development of melodic
form; his sense of pitch transforms heard or imagined
tones into notes and fingerings; his playing habits enable
his fingers quickly to find established pitch patterns. Four
of these elements — intuition, emotion, sense of pitch,
and habit — are largely subconscious. Consequently, any
control over his improvisation must originate in the
intellect. While the intellect is limited in its capacity for
control over intuition and emotion, it can be responsible
for the training of the ear and for establishing a variety
of helpful fingering patterns, in addition to its function
of solving technical problems.

It is virtually impossible to assign relative values to
these five factors; jazz is an art, not a science subject to
immutable laws. A few gifted jazz musicians can per-
form adequately by relying solely on the subconscious
elements. However, all but the rare genius are eventually
limited in their development. Most performers need
special study, due to problems of deeply ingrained habits,
the unaccustomed rigors of working up to every potential
and, in some instances, an inability to admit or evaluate
their shortcomings.

Since the intellect is the only controllable factor, the
budding musician must approach the problem of learning
to play jazz almost solely through this factor, and hope
that the other four (intuition, emotion, sense of pitch, and
habit) will progress at the rate established by the intel-
lect.

The above statement undoubtedly will raise again the
old question of whether jazz can or should be taught; and,
I suppose, many still feel that it should not. In fact, I
never cease to be amazed at the doggedness with which
various cut-moded attitudes and prejudices regarding
jazz persist, despite overwhelming evidence that jazz has
undergone radical change during recent decades. In view
of these changes, it is surprising that the “teaching” of
jazz and the whole subject of “formal education” in jazz
is a controversial issue. Only religion and politics seem
capable of generating more heated discussions; but then,
the vehemence of these discussions attests to the amount
of interest in and vitality of the subject.

There are a number of myths which contribute much to
the controversy surrounding the subject of teaching jazz
and its characteristic techniques. One of these was bor-
rowed from “classical” music and applied to jazz. This
legend consists of the unfortunate notion that the crea-
tion of music is a yague, mystic act fundamentally out-
side the control of the creator (the composer); and that
there is a state called “inspiration” which periodically
descends from “above,” being granted only to those com-
posers who, for equally mystic reasons, are especially
endowed with the ability to receive such inspirations. An
additional inference of this fantasy is the idea that such
ingredients as thought and work (other than the mere
notation of the “inspiration” on music paper); in fact,
any intellectual activity whatever, is solemnly banned to
“true” artistic creativity.

In improvised jazz, where even the “work” of notating
the music is not required, this misconception of the crea-
tive process seemed even more readily applicable. Indeed,
until quite recently, if one dared to suggest that Lester
Young or Charlie Parker did some kind of “thinking” be-
fore, during or after a given solo ABOUT that solo, one
was ostracized as a spoilsport taking all the fun out of
jazz or, at least, not very “hip.” Solos were thought to
emanate full-blown from the mouth and fingers of the
player without benefit of his brain.

This deception was, and is, possible because very few
people bother to make the distinction between what is
conscious and what is subconscious in the creative pro-
cess. In fact, this deception often leads to the further
fallacy that, if a composer or improvisor did not CON-
SCIOUSLY conceive a certain rhythmic pattern or an in-
terval relationship, then that pattern or relationship ac-
tually did not exist in his mind. This fallacy conveniently
ignores the fact that a relationship, once it has been dis-
covered and proven to exist, EXISTS and is functional as
such, whether its creator was fully or dimly or not at all
aware of it at the moment of creation.

This apparent paradox easily is explained by the fact
that the creative process occurs at all levels of conscious-
ness, ranging from minute to total awareness. This is
possible because “inspiration” occurs precisely at that
moment when the most complete mental and psycho-
logical preparedness for a given task (be it only the
choice of the next note) has been achieved. Inspiration
resembles a seed which cannot come forth until the
ground has been prepared and a certain formative period
has elapsed. In a sense, the composer or improviser is
“inspired” at the moment of DISCOVERING the next
move. But this discovery can occur only when all, or al-
most all, of the inherent possibilities for that next move
have been appraised. We tend to forget how much of the
creative act is negative; that is, how much creativity con-
sists of discarding that which is irrelevant or invalid, so,
by a process of elimination, we arrive at that single “‘dis-
covery” which is (presumably) most valid. This process
can take hours or even weeks or — and this is common in
the case of improvisors — only a fraction of a second.

Thus, what I have called “the most complete mental
and psychological preparation” really is the crux of the
matter. It is the requisite condition under which inspira-
tion can take wings. If this is so, obviously some kind or
some degree of mental “intellectual” process must take
place. This process may take many forms ranging from
very specific thinking about a very specific problem to the
most elementary and comprehensive kind of preparation,
which we call “training” or “study.” Artistic accomplish-
ment requires academic training, and this training is the
foundation upon which to build your capacity to enjoy
fully your own work and the works of others.

The absorption and utilization of theory and tech-
niques, the improviser's tools, can not guarantee an inter-
esting musical personality. Jazz is made up of many in-
tangible qualities that, together, create appeal. This
appeal becomes a matter of taste. Each jazz player will
find his own musical style and his style will be subject to
the criticism of his listeners. He may develop a style
which is physical or intellectual, faddish or original,
coarse or subtle, rambling or formful, grotesque cr beau-
tiful, flexible or rigid, tense or relaxed, exciting or monot-
onous, or any combination of these extremes, all of which
could be the products of a technically equipped performer.
The style of the individual musician is affected by his per-
sonality, intelligence, talent, and coordination; all of
which are beyond the scope of any text. 
