---
id: "1029"
title: "Power of Selection"
author: "VALENTINO, D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0033.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Art Page
by D. Valentino

POWER OF SELECTION

The term “Art” may be used about any kind of labor
that is done skillfully, either with the hands or with
machinery. We often hear people speak of the art of
cooking, or the art of healing the sick, or the art of print-
ing. Used in this way, the term means the perfect per-
formance of these things. But when we speak of the “fine
arts,” we do not mean such arts as these. A fine art is
more a work of the soul rather than that of the muscles.
It is valued not because it is done so beautifully and
thoroughly, but because it will reveal to us a glimpse of
the artist himself. In viewing a work of the fine arts, we
should be able to see some of what the artist has seen and
feel some of what the artist has felt. Should our emotions
not be prompted to some extent of appreciation, then we
can truly say our likes of the arts are of a decorative
sense alone.

To take a photograph clearly and sharply with a
camera is an art. To take a photograph in such a way
that, when you see the finished picture, you experience
the emotion intended by the photographer, is a “fine
art.” Let’s say two photographers take a picture of a
block of stone. The first man photographs it without do-
ing anything that would make it seem more interesting
to us. What does his picture say to you? Perhaps, “here
is a block of stone against a solid background,” and that
is all. The second man is an artist in the field of photog-
raphy. He understands not only the art of photography,
but also the secrets of the fine arts which he will reveal
to us in his picture. The artist waits for a special time of
the day to capture the sky in all its beauty. He may await
until the sun is low upon the horizon, casting its rays of
golden yellow upon the stone, making its great mass look
much more radiant, as well as catching the shadow it
casts, as though reaching into nothingness. To really tell
a story, the artist not only must know that nature has her
flaws, as well as her many beauties, but he must also be
able to comb out the tangles and give her an even bright-
er glow.

It is common knowledge that all artists go to nature
for their inspirations as well as for their color, shapes and
sounds; yes, even sounds. Chopin, in one of his many com-
positions, took from nature nothing more than a little
raindrop. He imitated the soft monotonous sound of the
raindrop falling. It is so delicately done that the repeti-
tion of the “drip-drop, drip-drop, drip-drop,” is like a
charm, enslaving our senses. Yet, had he tried to put in
a great deal more of nature than he did, had he sent the
sound of the waves on the beach crashing through the
rain, or included the roar of thunder, or the high shriek
of the wind, his raindrop would never have been the ex-
quisite work of art that it is. Chopin used his artistic
power of selection and by so doing allowed us to share
some of his loves, and some of his hates.

This type of artist we speak of is an educated man; one
who has learned the laws of rhythm, sound and color, and
who has profited by all the lessons the artists before him
have left to the world of art. But, now and then, there
have lived artists whose great skill the world mistook for
genius; there was no real love in their work at all only a
vast cleverness. So as the years roll by and man advances,
the work of such artists perishes while the products of
purer spirits lives on. This is the “test of time’ we hear
spoken of so much.

To do great work | honestly believe a man must have
the love of his work engulf his heart. In studying the
lives of the “Masters,” as the great artists are called, it
will be found that the fire of their genius flamed up from
the love that was in their hearts.

“Lord, grant that | may always desire more than | ac-
complish.” These words were spoken by the greatest
name in all the history of art, Michelangelo, who was
truly a man of great knowledge and compassion.
