---
id: "103"
title: "The Eastern State Echo Spotlight on the Dental Lab"
author: "Chandler, Selvian R."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo
SPOTLIGHT
on the
DENTAL LAB

by SELVIAN R. CHANDLER

Approximately two and one-half years ago, a
most beneficial facility was established here in the
form of a dental laboratory. This is a self-sustaining
department under the Correctional Industries. Oper-
ating on a non-profit basis, this lab constructs dentures
not only for this institution but also for the State
Penitentiary at Graterford, the Pennsylvania In-
dustrial School at Camp Hill, the Industrial School
at Huntingdon and the Home for Women at Muncy.
Any person in one of these institutions may obtain
a set of dentures from our lab. The fee charged
covers only the actual costs, spent for materials and
the labor in the making of the product, and is paid
not to the lab but to Correctional Industries. As
beforesaid, there is no profit of any kind cleared from
the work produced.

At the present, ten inmates are employed in this
department. Because of the skilled nature of the
work done, these-men were selected for their assign-
ment on the basis of special aptitude and ability.
Under supervision, they construct artificial dentures,
both partial and full restorations, and they do the
work of servicing them, including remodeling, re-
lining and the making of repairs. It is encouraging
to see men, most of whom have never had any pre-
vious experience in the work, applying themselves
to their tasks and doing them well.

Albert L. Pilch ig the civilian supervisor and
instructor. With 43 years spent in the field of pros-
thetic dentistry, his experience is great in his calling.
Well thought of by the men under him, Mr. Pilch
communicates his knowledge to his workers in a
quiet, likeable way that enables those doing close
and exaet work to relax. It is his belief that a man
who becomes proficient in one specific area of this
field has a far better chance of advancement in the
trade than one who tries to cover all phases. As he
puts it, “‘This is the age of specialization’’.

Actually, prosthetic dentistry does cover a wide
field and offers excellent positions and steady employ-
ment in the free world. Men who learn the trade
here, while they are confined, will not only increase
their employment possibilities upon their release but
establish themselves in a lifetime career as well.
Time wsa when the neighborhood dentist did his
own lab work. Now, however, dental laboratories
handle the bulk of it.

Upon first being employed in our lab, a man
begins with a daily pay rate which may be peri-
odically increased until the maximum allowed by
Correctional Industries is reached. He finds himself
in clean surroundings where even the air is kept
clear of dust by means of exhaust fans. The work
benches are equipped with a suction machine with
individual intakes to absorb the dust from his polish-
ing and grinding. The most modern equipment is
available for him to work with. In time, with effort
and application to his job, he becomes an artisan
fully able to fill a comparable position in an outside
laboratory.

Because of the enormous volume of practical
work being done in this department, it has been pro-
posed to expand. This would necessitate moving to
larger quarters, where more men can be given the
opportunity to learn the making of dentures. With
the present planning in mind, it is expected that
there will be accommodations for approximately 22
workers.

No, the work isn’t as easy, as the saying goes,
‘‘as falling off a log’’. Considerable time and effort
go into the making of each product that leaves this
laboratory, but it is important work, as evidenced
by the proposed expansion, and it does offer that all-
important future in an interesting trade. Suffice it
to say, we hope there will be so many men interested
in prosthetic dentistry that when the laboratory does
open in its larger quarters it will be fully manned
in record time.
