---
id: "1032"
title: "Philadelphia Patriots"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0034.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
PHILADELPHIA PATRIOTS
1964 Champtions

FINAL STANDINGS
           CLUBS             W   L   T
PHILADELPHIA PATRIOTS        5   2   1
PACKERS                      3   3   2
RED DEVILS                   2   3   3

The Patriots, as predicted by everyone in
the “know,” won the 1964 E. S. P. Footbali
League Championship. Hail to our men of
all sports, Marcellus Leach, manager, and
John “El Snako” Welty, coach, who molded
an imposing array of talent into a smooth
working unit — a job well done, fellows.

A well-balanced mixture of youth and ex-
perience describes the Patriot's roster.
Veterans Lou McCloud, Ed “Shaky” Colwell,
James “Flip” Flemming, John “El Snako”
Welty, Edward “Big Ed” Brewer, Dailas
“Chief” Custalow, Brother Goodie Goodmen,
Gerald “Richie” Richardson, Herb Alien and
John “Lujack’” Klauzenberg; bolstered by the
youth of Ronald “Big Boy’ Lomax, Joseph
“Jody” McFadden, Robert Snyder, ‘’Acey”
Blacgwell, Carl Green, Charles “Porky”
McCloud, Willie Brooker, Jim Dolan, and Joe
Gardner were impressive to say the least.

To illustrate the unity and spirit of this
team, I might point out that three different
quarterbacks were used during the course of
the season as a result of injuries, but this in
no way disrupted a determined march to the
goa! they had set for themselves — “THE
CHAMPIONSHIP”.

Perhaps the philosophical acceptance of
the above-mentioned misfortune was due to
the realization that these were the three
oldest quarterbacks in captivity: McCloud,
Welty and Lujack.

The unsung heroes, as in the case of any
football team, THE LINEMEN, merit con-
siderable praise for their aggressiveness on
offense and stubborness on defense. Herb
Allen, Ron Lomax, “Big Joe” Sally,
“Shaky” Colwell, anchored by center par-ex-
cellence Ed Brewer opened offensive holes
beautifully for the slants and quick “pops”
of Richie, Jody, Porky, Goody and Welty (who
played fullback when he wasn’t quarterback-
ing). These men also provided the kind of
pass protection a quarterback dreams of.

The defense, anchored by Smiley and
Dallas at ends; Herb Allen and Green at
tackles; Snake, Brewer and Brooker as line-
backers, along with Bobby Snyder and Jody
at defensive back positions and Chief at
safety, allowed a mere 21 points to be scored
upon them in eight league games. Needless
to point out — they were tough!

The most valuable player to the team (and
the most feared by the opposition), Dallas
“Chief” Custalow, had the proverbial “Midas
Touch” in that everything he tcuched turned
to gold, namely the numerous passes he
caught for touchdowns and long gains. He
was the favorite target of quarterbacks
McCloud, Welty and Lujack. Personally, |
also appreciated the manner in which he ran
the occasional end-around — go Wahoo!

Enough cannot be emphasized about the
unity and team spirit of this enthusiastic
club. Men such as Allen, Charles McCloud,
Dolan, Smiley, Shaky, Brewer and Snake on
defense, did exceptionally well in keeping
the opposing teams’ scores af a minimum.
Chief won the M.V.P. award; popular opinion
for runner-up honors goes to Jake the
Snake, who was unquestionably the most ver-
satile player on the team. He was the kicker,
quarterback, halfback and fullback as well
as playing well at other assignments when
called upon. This team always had UNITY.
There was no arguing in their huddles or any
form of dissention at any time.

The Patriots were just too much. Tkeir
line-up was stuffed to the gills with real tal-
ent and savvy. At quarterback, Johnny
Lujack ended the season with Lou McCloud
and Jake the Snake alternating during the
early going. Goodman, Richardson and Mc-
Fadden (the running backs) did their jobs
with deliberation and zest.

Someone heard owner Marcellus Leach say
that Chief was one of the main reasons for
his team winning the championship.

Richardson proved himself again with his
catlike moves and jetpropelled take-offs from
his halfback position. Charles McCloud
(though a rookie) came up occasionally with
some notably good defensive plays.

To all of those of the Philadelphia
Patriots we ertend our congratulations; but
— don’t become complacent — we'll be
after you this fall! !
