---
id: "1034"
title: "The Packers"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0035.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Packers

OWNER ... Charies Negri
MANAGER ... Arthur Bruno
CAPTAIN ... Harry Zietz

The Packers got off on the wrong foot —
but they hung on to end up in second place.
They had the lightest line —- but — not the
weakest. They never started a game with a
squad of more than fifteen men — but —
they always gave their very best! They aren’t
the Champs — but they're proud just the
same.

Joe Chink warrants credit for his aggres-
siveness and consistency on the line. He has
the swift reaction to obey his instincts when
diagnosing a play. You can’t tell when he’s
hurt or tired, for he’s always smiling, always
showing real sportsmanship. Chink shined on
defense! He caused the Patriots and the Red
Devils more trouble than they ever expected.
Pencil Willie gaye his usual best and added
much needed balance to the line. A couple
of newcomers, Howard Schrank and Walter
Slempa, really gave the Packers the impetus
which they needed. Although Slempa received
a broken nose in his first game, he cour-
ageously decided to finish the season to
vindicate himself; he surely did just that!
Schrank showed an uncanny ability to break
through the line and molest the quarterback;
quick and tough, Howard played every game
with dedication and determination to WIN.
To quote Johnny Lujack: “Schrank’s the
best!”

The other men in the below roster did their
best; never accepting defeat — always op-
timistic. Stan Moroz gained important ex-
perience for the 1965 season. Gil Collins
came to us late but was a commendable
Sheppard, Rice, Huginnie, Kingsley,
Eddie Brooks and Hill Billy all performed
objectively; each and everyone arising to the
call when imperative.

There was friction between Negri and
“Yours Truly’ but — never during a game.
Charley, a 60 minute player, who always
commanded respect, deserves iaudation.
Just ask him; he’ll tell you! Seriously though,
Negri has versatility; he can fill (and has)
any position when called upon. He was the
nucleus which kept the team a smocth per-
forming unit.

Charley Butler had all the attributes of a
fine fullback. We got fringe benefits with
him; he could catch a pass and, although a
big man, really fly. Harry Zietz, cur quarter-
back, did the best he could for the team but
did not pass enough. Negri had to crack the
whip occasionally. Running from the half-
back slot, Socrates Cantoral had a good
year. He steamed through the line as
though his life depended upen each yard
gained. Cantoral blocked exceptionally well;
running behind him, | should know. It was
unfortunate that he, who was also one of
the better tacklers on the field, was sidelined
with injuries before the close of the season.
Both he and | were injured in the same game.
Although riddled with injuries, our team was
far from through. Siegrest, Rocky, Butter
and Zietz worked like magic together and
finished the season in grand style.

Gina Lollobrigitta’s countryman, Arthur
Bruno, was our manager. Art was like Simon
Legree during a game and he did everythiing
possible for our Packers save donning a uni-
form. Negri afforded Bruno full authority to
do as he saw fit and Bruno really sharpened
the team up. Bruno, a Joyal enthusiast of ail
sports, was instrumental in keeping the team
together. We of the Packers thank him.

THE PACKERS ROSTER

Hill Billy
Ed Brooks
Charles Butler
Socrates Cantoral
Joe Chink
Gil Collins
John Collins
Chester Howard
William Huginnie
Joseph Jowett
Robert Kingsley
Fred Kneisler 
John McGuinness

Stanley Moroz
Charles Negri
Martin Rice
William Rice
John Salvanish
Howard Schrank
Edward Scoleri
Al Sheppard
Clarence Siegrest
Walter Slempa
Pencil Willie
Harry Zietz
