---
id: "1035"
title: "The Red Devils"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0035.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Red Devils
OWNER & CAPTAIN .............. T. Brumskill
CO-OWNER & MANAGER .......... L. Massey

Our living example of the New York Giants
is the Red Devils! Massey is far from through —
so | will not compare him with Y. A. Tittle,
but this team, like the Giants, had no excuse
for winding up in last place. I, therefore,
asked their owner and Captain for a written
explanation; here is his reply:

“In football any team with eleven men can
win the game; not so for the Red Devils!
This team consisted of some of the finest
players in the Institution, but, for some rea-
son, we were destined to lose. Let us review
the case of the Devils vs. the Packers. Here
is a team (the Packers) with all heart and no
forward wall (line) but endowed with a win-
ning spirit. Each time we met the Packers
we had the upper hand, yet — we never
seemed able to score. We did not lack
talent as we had such backs as Orie Paschell,
Peter Gunn, Bernard Harris, Leonard Massey,
Murry Dickerson, and William Riley. We had
a wonderful line with such men as “Horse,”
Big-Six Conners, Batman, Big Gene, myself
and others. So HOW did we lose? Have you
ever heard the word “‘dissention?” This killed
the Devils! That is all that I have to say for
the Red Devils for the past season, except —
WAIT FOR ‘65! However, with this opportun-
ity at hand, | would like to address a few
words to the officials. | know that they were
not the best, but anything that | said to them
in the heat of anger was not from my heart.
| hereby apologize for my big, fat mouth, and
— thanks fellows, for a good job.”

From the above it appears safe to assume
that the Red Devils were their own worst
enemy. As a football player, Massey lacked
one important feature — ‘control over his
team’. The arguing in the huddle was pa-
thetic. The intrigues, on and off the field,
killed any chance that there was left for unity
and team spirit. It appears that they re-
ceived their just desserts by finishing last.
Despite the discrepancies it’s only fair and
honest to say that no team just walked over
the Devils. Furthermore, we should not for-
get that they were last year’s Champions.

When T. Z. (Brumskill) alluded to talent
he wasn’t joking. Paschall won “The Back of
the Year’ award and he rightly deserved it.
Orie was a real bread and butter ball-carrier,
to say nothing of his fine defensive ability.
Murry Dickerson was a slick ball-toter, hay-
ing fine balance and agility. There were
countless occasions when Murry picked up
the important first down when his team
needed it most. He’s not only a top notch
athlete, but a real sport and a yaluable con-
tribution to any team. William Riley, who
came late but sparked the Devils, is all pro
and probably the best tackler on our grid-
iron. Riley, a true ball hawk, doesn’t say
much, but he meant a lot to his team and we,
of the opposition, can attest to it! Len
Massey is a natural passer who failed to live
up to potential. Frankly, he never got
enough time to execute what he had in mind
He will have to avenge himself this fail.
Bernard Harris, Peter Gunn and Charles
Clark all had fine seasons, even though thet:
efforts failed to produce a winning team.

There is no doubt that the reason for the
Red Devils disastrous season was, as T. Z.
(an exceptionally good, hard player himself)
said - - - “DISSENSION.”

RED DEVILS ROSTER

Anderson Bell
Raymond Bullock
Theo Brumskill
Charles Clark
Bernard Clarkson
Robert Clowers
Gil Collins
Thomas Conners
Murray Dickerson
Peter Gunn
Eugene Floyd
Bernard Harris

Levi Jones
Leonard Massey
James Moore
Norman Mosley
George Fal
Orie Paschall
William Perry
Ralph Quick
John Reed
William Riley
Ray Stanton
Eugene Walker
