---
id: "1038"
title: "The Sport's Banquet"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE SPORT'S
BANQUET

On February 9, 1965, Robert Barclay fed
his talented band through some “after steak’’
music as our athletes and guests took their
seats in the auditorium. Their rhythmic
melodies and sophisticated compositions were
thoroughly enjoyed by those attending the
1965 Annual Sports Banquet and program.

Athletic Director Kelly Lewis, initiated the
program by introducing the master of cere-
monies, Joe Sweeney, former president of the
Veterans Boxing Association, who is no
stranger to Cherry Hill. His eulogy of last
year's M. C ., the late Pete Byron, emotionally
affected the entire audience. Also introduced
as honored guests, were: A. T. Rundie, Super-
intendent; Thomas H. Graham, Director of
Treatment; Bob Montgomery, former light-
weight champion of the world; Dave Zing-
doff, sports announcer; Zack Clayton, fight
referee; Art McNally, N.F.L. referee and
teacher; Hank “Shag” Crawford, National
League umpire; Tony Pino, former baseball
player; J. J. Harrington, timekeeper-fight
businessman; Everett White, businessman;
Johnny McCure, sports enthusiast.

Dave Zingdoff, present 76ers’ announcer,
toid us of Wilt Chamberlain’s return cnd the
wonderful affect that this had upon team
play. He stated: “The 76’ers are going to
pulverize the Boston Celtics!” Zingdoff, who
had to work a game the evening of the ban-
quet, commended the fine performance of our
band and left with rousing applause.

Joe Sweeney then informed us that one of
our guests, Everett White, came to this insti-
tution 50 years ago as a youngster member
of a religious choir.

J. J. Harrington, who was also with us last
year, followed with some of his memoirs of
the Ring World. Art McNally, whom we have
all seen on T. V. came next; he proved that
he was just as quick on a speakers’ stand as
on a football field. He recounted an incident
which bears retelling: ‘Returning to Central
High School, where I teach, a boy came to
me and said, ‘Mr. McNally, I’m sorry but you
were wrong yesterday in making that call;
I know, because I heard it on radio‘! The
N. F. L. referee gladly answered many ques-
tions before giving way to the next speaker,
Shag Crawford, an old friend of ours.

Mr. Crawford, the well-known National
League umpire, revealed some very inter-
esting stories from his knowledgeable store-
house. He had our athletes in an uproar
with his story of the time he “got popped on
the nose” at Connie Mack Stadium.

Bob Montgomery followed, answering many
questions candidly and succinctly. Mr. Mont-
gomery has many friends here and they ex-
hibited their appreciation by trying to keep
him on the rostrum as long as possible.

Tony Pino, a close friend of Pete Byron,
philosophically advised us to “keep playing
ball and you won’t get into trouble.” He
checked his watch and prompted our old
friend, Zack Clayton, to speak.

Mr. Clayton, the well-known boxing ref-
eree, recognized Milt Bowers in the front row
and fractured the audience with a story of
Milt being knocked out in the first round at
the Cambria. Zack then called Orie Pas-
chall to the stage and wished him luck in the
future. Paschall, an inmate, was once a
heavyweight contender. Zack gave us the
inside story on the Patterson-Chuvalo fight;
he seems certain that Chuvalo will be Heavy-
weight Champion of the World within two
years. The great popularity of Zack was
much in evidence, but time was running short
and he bid us farewell, promising to “see you
next year.”

Mr. Rundle took the floor and promised a
bigger and better show in 1966. He said:
“Knock-Knock doesn’t fool me with putting
on a uniform to play the LAST football game
of the season” (in order to attend the
banquet).

Mr. Sweeney then called on Mr. Lewis for
the presentation of trophies to the following
men:

BASKETBALL

Most Valuable Player ....... LEON WALLACE
(CELTICS)


SOFTBALL
CUBAN LEAGUE

Most Valuable Player ........ WADE HORNER
(MUSTANGS)

League’s Leading Batter .. CHUCK TAYLOR
(MUSTANGS)

SOFTBALL
STOREHOUSE LEAGUE

League’s Leading Batter ........... AL LARUE
(RANGERS)

FOOTBALL

Most Valuable Back ........ ORIE PASCHALL
(RED DEVILS)

Most Valuable Lineman ............ A. BREWER
(PATRIOTS)

Most Valuable End .... DALLAS CUSTALOW
(PATRIOTS)

Upon acceptance of the above cherished
awards, the curtain was rung down on our
much appreciated ‘65 banquet.
