---
id: "104"
title: "Juvenile Delinquency the Result of: Lack of Parental Instruction"
author: "Williams, Jr. John L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
TODAY'S PROBLEM

JUVENILE
DELINQUENCY

THE
RESULT
OF: 

LACK
OF
PARENTAL
INSTRUCTIONS

by JOHN L, WILLIAMS, JR.

Before beginning this article, it is my desire to
enunciate that although I possess no college degree
on the subject of juvenile delinquency, nor on any
other subject for that matter, I do, however, possess
a few newspaper titles; namely, Butter-knife Bur-
glar; Cotton-foot Burglar; Cat-burglar and Elusive
Desperado. Therefore, I am of the belief that such
titles qualify me to speak as proficiently on the sub-
ject of juvenile delinquency as one who has never
actually been involved in law violations, and who
only writes on this subject through personal belief.

I wish also to state that I do not write on this
subject with prejudice towards parents or society.
I-am merely presenting the facts as I have observed
them over a period of many years. And the purpose
of my writing on this subject is to impress parents
with the knowledge that, in combating the many
temptations of juvenile delinquency, a youth needs
both a right conscience and a strong will, and that
the responsibility for preventing and controlling
juvenile delinquency rests upon parents as well as
upon society.

More than ever before, society is being coerced
into giving considerable and serious attention to the
subject of juvenile delinquency. One reason is be-
cause of the alarming increase of senseless assorted
thrill-murders; various types of sex offenses; bur-
glaries; robberies and larcenies, etce., which are being
committed by teenagers. This statement of juvenile
erimes is practically verified daily in every news-
paper in every city of these United States of
America. Today’s Evening Bulletin vindicates this
statement by an article headlined ‘‘City Juvenile
Arrests Up 28%’’ which is for the first half of this
year.

It seems that the rise in juvenile delinquency is
mostly due to the imprudent manner in which our
youth are being neglected in their up-bringing. And
the parents who are becoming concerned as to what
is wrong with our youth of today are mostly the
parents who have been perplexed and disgraced
because their own son or daughter has been incar-
cerated for some type of law violation.

The main cause for the increase of juvenile
crimes is that parents have alleviated family re-
straint and discipline and have not taken the essen-
tial time to teach their children self-discipline and
respect for law and order. Such teaching to children
at an early age is a peremptory necessity in their
becoming respected, law-abiding citizens. So, for
the preservation of our youth’s social acceptances
and behavior, parents must increase family re-
straint and discipline, not to extremes, but moderat-
ely, and alert their children to the precariousness
of wrong-doing; inspire them to lead good lives and
to produce good examples for others to follow. The
most customary way to inspire youth to display
good examples is for parents and society to set ex-
amples of probity and respectability.

If parents would only accept the fact that
juvenile delinquency is basically a moral problem
and direct more of their efforts to presenting right
ideals to their children, and to help them choose
good instead of evil, juvenile delinquency would be
reduced considerably.

The greatest aid to criminality is the fatuous
father and mother who believe that while there may
be problems for other children, their own children
need no instructions on behavior and can do no
wrong or harm. It is peremptorily unfair for parents
to believe or expect that the immature mind of a
child can perceive the hundreds of pitfalls which lie
ahead of him. Yet, unfortunately, that is the way
thousands of parents are thinking. Such selfish
thinking is hampering, twisting and warping the
minds of our youth to such an extent that it is, or
will eventually, lead them into the path of erimin-
ality.

It is not right for parents to turn their children
free and permit them to run wild through life in a 
world which contains as many Gargantuan jungles of
criminal temptations as does ours. And the parents
who do permit their children to run wild through
life, obeying practically every selfish and evil im-
pulse, are committing a manifestly unkind act to-
wards them. Children should be guarded at all times
against their first participation in crime, and from
association with criminals.

While the vast majority of today’s youth are
honest and decent, the increase in juvenile delin-
quency seems to be rising higher each day. It ap-
pears to this writer that the youth of today care
little about being arrested. One reason is because
they know, beforehand, that if they are apprehended
they will receive an amount of publicity equal to
that of any celebrated movie star who has completed
an exceptional thespian performance. Such pub-
licity will then be considered a mark of distinction
in the eyes of the youth’s associates who hang in
neighborhood gangs which admit only those who
have been arrested.

Anyone who has any association with the lives
of our youth in any way, should make it a personal
duty to imbue them, irrespective of whether they be
considered good children, with knowledge of the
aftermath should a youth get his name on the police
files for any type of law violation. How much more
important is it, then, that parents instill in the minds
of their children a healthy respect for authority and
alert them to the pernicious consequences of wrong-
doing.

There are thousands upon thousands of children
who are tragically ignorant of the noxious dangers
of a police record. The majority of those children
who are showing criminal proclivities could be help-
ed, if only there was someone at home interested
enough to give them a guiding hand. Much would be
accomplished, indeed, if parents would give more
time and enérgy.to teach their children how a police
record can.and will harm them in later years, and
what it will do-to their future, and how it can and
will destroy a career. Unfortunately, a police record
is classed as a trade mark, an immovable scar on any
person who has been arrested. A large percentage of
careers of persons who have straightened up and
who have become respected, and law-abiding citizens
as the years passed by, have been destroyed because
of just one criminal mistake in their youth.

Parents should consider it a vital obligation to
instruct their children that they should never per-
petrate any type of crime .... becatise if they
commit one and are apprehended, they will be
branded criminals.for the rest of-their life. Even
though a child may not actually become a continual
law-breaker, and regardless of how good a life he
may subsequently live, that one arrest can and often
does destroy much of his future happiness and
chances for social acceptance and advancement. It
should be a constant endeavor of parents to teach
their children that there is no future in crime, except
that of filth, disgrace and immurement for many
years behind walls.

Just remember the home is the matrix of a
child’s development, and that any child that is
destitute in proper parental care and guidance is
well on the way to being precariously led into the
course of life which may-make him liable to the
penalties of the criminal law; and which may also
cause him to have considerable difficulty in adjusting
to the social norm in later years. Neglect of a child’s
essential needs and desires during his formative
years is subject to lead to a permanent disaster.

You, the parents, are intrinsically responsible
for your childrens’ future. It is your parental ob-
ligation to teach them that nothing of a decent
nature was ever accomplished through an act of
crime; that decency and honesty is a remuneration
in itself; that crime is nugatory, degrading and
unclean. This knowledge is essential to your child-
rens’ future deportment, so teach it to them and
help them to practice it accordingly.

Incidentally, having been born, raised and
schooled in the various neighborhoods of jungle
criminality which encircle this Penitentiary, and
they are neighborhoeds of criminality, I can verac-
iously state I have known of only two neighborhood
and school friends to be committed to this institution
whose parents were sincere in teaching them through
their formative years the basic fundamentals of
becoming a respected and law-abiding citizen.

If parents of juvenile delinquents would have
begun teaching their children, at an early age, the
respect for law and order and the consequences of
wrong-doing, there would be less juvenile crimes
being committed, and society would be far from help-
less in the face of juvenile delinquency - - - - as
it seems to be today.

The criminals whose careers were terminated in
the electric chair, and by immurement, are mostly
the criminals whose careers began almost ‘in. the
crib — the result of: parental neglect. So, as’-a
precautionary measure to those of you who have
children, it is advisable never to neglect to complete-
ly administer your parental responsibilities to your
children. If you do neglect them, you may be one
day reading an article similar to the one you have
just read, written by your own son or daughter —
from within a penitentiary.
