---
id: "1044"
title: "Convicts and Rights"
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0039.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From Our Chaplains - - -

Convicts
and
Rights

Father John J. McHugh

In view of the furor that has been created
by recent decisions of the higher courts, it
might be well for ail of us to consider the fol-
lowing extracts from the encyciical, “Pacem
in Terris” by our tate Holy Father, Pope John
XXIII.

“Any human society, if it is to be well-
ordered and productive, must fay down as a
foundation this principal: That every human
being is a person; his nature is endowed with
intelligence and free will. By virtue of this,
he has rights and duties of his own, flowing
directly and simultaneously from his very
nature, which are therefore universal, in-
violable and inalienable.

“In human society, to one man’s right
there corresponds a duty in all other persons:
the duty, namely, of acknowledging and re-
specting the right in question. For every
fundamentel human right draws its inde-
structible mora! force from the natura! law,
which in granting it imposes a corresponding
obligation. Those, therefore, who claim their
own rights, yet altogether forget or neglect
to carry out their respective duties, are
people who build with one hand and destroy
with the other.

“Since men are social by nature, they are
meant to live with others and to work for one
another's welfare. A well ordered human
society requires that men recognize and
observe their mutual rights and duties. It also
demands that each contribute generously to
the establishment of a civic order in which
rights and duties are evermore sincerely and
effectively acknowledged and fulfilled.”

Since convicts are persons entitled to the
rights and duties of every human being, it is
our hope that those who have been illegally
sentenced will receive justice. It is also our
prayer that technical aspects of the laws
will not serve as a vehicle to avoid just pun-
ishment, because then it will be a case of
building with one hand and destroying with
the other.
