---
id: "1045"
title: "Where Do You Go From Here"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. N. L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0039.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Where Do You
Go From Here?

Rev. N. L. Williams

There was a biind boy who wanted to go
swimming with the other boys in his neigh-
borhood. Many times he was left behind be-
cause his contemporaries feared that his
disability would interfere with their pleasure.
However, one day they permitted him to ac-
company them. There was much argument
before one boy finally agreed to be respon-
sible for the blind youth’s safety.

The boys enjoyed their swimming until
they were tired and ready to go home. Alas,
all of them, including the “watchdog” forgot
their blind friend. The sightless youth was
a strong swimmer, and was disporting him-
self in the luxury of the cool water. Sud-
denly, the silence warned him that he was
alone in the lake; there were no answers to
his calls for directions to the shore. He be-
gan to tire, but continued swimming and
calling in an effort to find land. A passerby
heard him cry, “Where do I go from here?”
The passerby called, “Turn right and keep
swimming!” Though almost exhausted, the
voice of hope gave the blind boy the an-
swer he needed. His energy was restored
and he reached shore safely.

How many of us are blind to the Christian
way of life! God always leaves an unfinished
task on the work bench of the world. These
words fit perfectiy into the dreaming of the
Christian inmate. They confirm everything
Jesus said about the kingdom of God. All
Christians face an incomplete future; a fu-
ture that becomes more nearly complete as
more and more hands take up the tools and
begin building their generation in the like-
ness of Christ.

This, of course, does not mean that Christ
is calling all Christians into the ministry or
missionary service. It does mean that Christ
expects faithfulness and honest labor from
all who commit their lives to Him. Those
whose lives are dedicated to the tasks of
mill, mine, office or other business enterprise
eventually find that their reward is boredom
and drained vitality; but, if Christ possesses
the mind of the artisan, miner or clerk, then
their toil becomes significant because it is
related to and fitted into the total hope
which is God.

Here at the State Correctional Institution
at Philadelphia there are many opportunities
for each inmate to correct his mistakes. Each
man can decide to progress or retrogress, to
serve time or let time serve him.

Last month’s “War Cry” said: ““Opportun-
ity knocks once, but temptation bangs on the
door repeatedly.” The easier road is always
down; the wages of sin never go unpaid. Any
inmate who still thinks crime does pay is
fooling only himself.

In the Commonwealth of Pennsyivania
there are eight or more institutions where
men who have run afoul of the law can help
themselves. Some men have come here with-
out even the knowledge of what the shortest
verse in the Bible means! Most have asked
themselves, “Where do I go from here?”
Some have chosen the upward path.

There are at least fiye Christian crgan-
izations which offer free correspondence
courses in Bible studies. Many inmates have
improved themselves through such programs.
During the past year more than 150 inmates
haye joined a church and been baptised. This
I put in the category of progress. There are
those who sneer, “those church-goers are
just trying to build up a good record.” To
them I reply, “What’s wrong with a good
record? I keep myself out of trouble day by
day because I want a good record.”

I tell the men that I do not care why they
come to church, so long as they come. I feel
that God will give the speaker something
with which he can reach them. Some find
help from God; others do not because they
won't allow Him to reach them. I may go to
the greatest university in the world but, un-
less I apply myself, I will not get an educa-
tion. So it is with church.

You may say that this institution cannot
rehabilitate you. You are right. Unless you
give a portion of yourself and your interest
to the program that is offered, you will
retrogress instead of progress.

It was St. Francis of Assisi who included
in his prayer: “It is in giving that we receive;
it is in pardoning that we are pardoned; it is
in dying that we are born into eternal life.”
William Penn said, “Who does good for
good’s sake seeks neither praise nor reward,
but he is sure of both in the end.”

I am sure there are those of you who have
inferiority complexes and feel that you can-
not do things as well as other men; but it is
better to be great in your littleness than to
be little in your greatness.

No man is fit for success if he cannot en-
dure the discipline of toil. This incarceration
may be a crossroads in your life. It is your
decision: the hard road up, or the easy road
down.

As you hear the psychologist and psychi-
atrist, the medical doctor and chaplain call-
ing out to you, as the voice of the passerby
in the story of the blind boy; as you continue
to cry, “Where do I go from here?” Hear
them say, “Turn RIGHT and keep swim-
ming.” Heed them and you, too, will reach
shore!
