---
id: "1046"
title: "Passover"
author: "RUBENSTEIN, Rabbi Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "38"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0040.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Passover

Passover, the Festival of Freedom, was
held on Friday evening, April 16, 1965, and
was celebrated for a period of eight days. The
first two and the last two days of the festi-
yal were observed as full holidays, while the
intervening days were semi-holidays.

Passover commemorates the exodus or lib-
eration of the Israelites from Egyptian slav-
ery more than 3,000 years ago. With the
help of God and Israel!’s greatest prophet
and teacher, Moses, the Jews were finally
granted their freedom. The festival is called
“Passover because the Lord “passed over”
and spared the homes of the children of
Israel when he brought the tenth plague upon
the Egyptians and smote the first-born in
every Egyptian home. The Hebrew name of
the holiday is ‘Pesach’ and is the Hebrew
term which has been translated as Passover.

There are several observances which are
introduced into the home in celebration of
the holiday. The most widely known of these
are the Passover Seders, which are held in
Jewish homes on the first two nights of the
holiday. The word “‘seder’’ means order and
refers to the special order of impressive
ceremonies which are the distinguishing fea-
tures of the evening meals on the first two
nights of Passover. The Bible commands the
head of every family to tell the story of the
deliverance of the children of Israel from
Egyptian tryanny. The story, as well as a
step by step explanation of the various cere-
monies and symbols, are contained in a
specially prepared booklet known as the
“Haggadah.”

Rabbi Martin Rubenstein

The festival is also known as “Chag Ha-
matzohs,’ the Festival of the Unleavened
Bread. This name is derived from the fact
that on Passover the Jew is commanded to
abstain from eating any leavened products.
Therefore, the eating of bread and other
foods considered leaven, is forbidden. Mat-
zoh, the unleavened bread and special foods
prepared under strict Rabbinical supervision,
are brought into the homes during the eight
day period. The reason for this command, as
stated in the Bible, was that the Jews had to
leave the land of Egypt in such haste that
they had no time to prepare the dough on
their shoulders and they ate these Matzohs
— the unleayened bread — which did not
have a chance to rise.

The timeless message of Passover is sig-
nificant for us today eyen as it was in the
days of Moses. It reminds us that the policies
of tyranny can lead only to plagues upon all
of mankind. It inspires us with the hope in
the ultimate universal victory of freedom and
the destruction of those who seek to oppress
their fellow man; that God is concerned with
the weifare of all mankind and provides the
leadership and inspiration so that man will
strive for freedom rather than to live under
the yoke of oppression and tyranny.
