---
id: "1047"
title: "Before You Quit... Consider"
author: "Barnes, Rev. Sidney E. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "38"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0040.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Before You
Quit... Consider

Rev. S. E. Barnes

The strategy of some who are faced with
deep frustration or a seemingly insoluble
problem is... to quit... give up... stop
trying. But consider a young man who suf-
fered such severe burns on his legs that he
faced amputation. After amputation proved
unnecessary, he was told that he would
henceforth walk only with difficulty — and
with a limp! Yet, the young man did not give
up. He went to work and eventually became
the greatest runner of his time. His name is
Jesse Owens.

Another boy with less than one year of
formal education did not quit because of this
handicap. He read voraciously and worked
diligently to educate himself — and went on
to become one of the great presidents of this
nation. His name was Abraham Lincoln.

A fragile Scottish boy spent most of his
childhood in bed, racked with pain and sick-
ness — was plagued with this throughout his
life; but he never gave up. He became a
writer and story-teller, beloved by genera-
tions past, present, and to come. His name
was Robert Louis Stevenson.

These three all encountered difficulties
within themselves. But they persevered —
they never gave up — and they became
victors.

Have you stopped trying?

Try putting your trust in God and in that
new Self which He can make of you. Get to
work ... and maybe we will be writing about
YOU someday.
