---
id: "1048"
title: "And Good Night, God"
author: "WARNER, Gary"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "39"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0041.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
And
Good Night,
God

by Gary Warner

From DECISION magazine
Used by permission

(c) 1965 The Billy Graham Evangelistic
Association, Minneapoiis, Minnesota

Into bed now, little girl of ours. Patter
across the cool floor, blue flanne! pajamas
drooping about your feet. Slip warmly be-
neath the covers and hold the ever-smiling
dolly tight against your cheek. Close the
curtains and blot out the soft white strands
of moonbeam that lie across your flaxen hair.

'It was a nice day, Daddy.'
'Yes, a nice day, sweetheart.'

Slide your hand across the blanket, little
girl, and enclose it in his as he kneels in the
darkness beside your small bed.

'Dear Lord, thank you for this wonaful day
and sunshine and clouds and people and
grass and trees and eveything you made.'

(And God created . . . every living crea-
ture ... and he saw that it was good.)

'Lord, bless Mommy and Daddy and Jeffy
and Greggy and all my friends, and help
eveybody in the world to become a Kistian.'

(Blessed are the pure in heart for they
shall see God.)

'Lord, help me to be a good girl tomorrow
and not be silly or tease or cry or hit Jeffy
. . . too hard.'

(Blessed are they which do hunger and
thirst after righteousness: for they shall
be filled.)

‘And Lord, help all the kids to play nice
and have fun, and let Sally and Billy be able
to play in my yard.’

(Blessed are the peacemakers; for they
shall be called the children of God.)

‘And Lord, watch over me tonight and let
me have nice dreams and not be afraid.’

(Peace I leave with you . . . Let not
your heart be troubled, neither let it be
afraid.)

‘In Jesus’ name, amen.’

Curl up now, little girl, and sieep in the
hollow of His hands.

‘It was a nice day, Daddy.’
"Yes, a nice day, sweetheart.’

“Why are you sniffling, Daddy? Do you
have a cold?’

‘No, I just love you, dear.’

‘I love you, too. And I love my dolly and
my bike and Mommy and this house and the
trees... I just love everything.’

Slip away now, Dad, quietly over the creak-
ing floor. But pause at the door for one last
listen.

‘Good night, Dolly. Good night, world . . .
and good night, God.’

(Verily I say unto you, Except ye be con-
verted, and become as little children, ye
shall not enter into the kingdom of
heaven. Whosoever, therefore, shall
humble himself as this little child, the
same is greatest in the kingdom of
heaven.)
