---
id: "1049"
title: "The Penal Press Exchange"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: "41"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0043.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE PENAL PRESS EXCHANGE

THE CRITERION, Mansfield, Ohio

I was sorry to hear of the unfortunate accident that
occurred at your furniture factory. Without the publica-
tion of your weekly, the heroic act of George Miller, as-
sisting your instructor out of danger, would be unknown.
We take our hats off to Miller. Keep up the good work
on your rag.

(NOTE TO GOVERNOR: Miller’s a man deserving of a
Pardon).

THE FORUM, Lincoln, Nebraska

After going over your magazine, I can we!l understand
why it’s the midwest’s leading prison weekly. Good lay-
out, nice clear print, and exceedingly good writing on the
part of your staff. This may seem odd to many, but the
article that held my attention most, was your Bridge
Scores. Keep up the good work and best of luck to the
new members of your staff.

ANGOLITE, Angola, Louisiana

Your weekly is a pretty swingin’ sheet as far as the
articles I’ve read go; however, your offset is very flat and
much of your print is in poor shape. Get on those printers
there, so your next issue will blaze with life. I know you
can do it — so do it!

THE PENDLETON REFLECTOR, Pendleton, Indiana

Of all the rags I’ve read from the various walls, the
Reflector gets the gold star from me for the best publica-
tion. I must compliment the editor and all of his staff for
a real solid sheet. Every page was filled with something
of interest. Keep up the good work boys and let’s hear a
little more of your Butch Davis. I remember when he
first played with the Duke. That boy can blow!

THE SPECTATOR, Jackson, Michigan

Your January 15th issue has quite a number of inter-
esting articles, especially the one on ‘“World’s Perfect
Prison.” It’s hard to believe that the Russians are far
more advanced than we are in the rehabilitation of con-
victed felons. Very interesting. No, !’m not thinking of
going to Russia for my next pinch. As antiquated as our
laws may be, I’d much rather rough it up here.

Don’t forget us on your next Issue.

THE LENS, Lewisburg, Pa.

I've just finished reading your anniversary issue from
cover to back. Like all the class “A” publications we re-
ceive here from various walls, your's rates high with us.
Remember to keep us on your exchange list.

Incidentally, you now have in your presence our former
clerk in our EASTERN ECHO office — Joe “Pep”
Renaldi. He was recently paroled from here to you, and he
left an interesting note before departing: “I arise from
the depths of hell; I become myse!f once again, and | will
NEVER RETURN. What I was before, I can never be
again.” He signed the note, “Joe Pep.” We miss the
little quy. He was a big help to us here.

SEAGOZETTE, Seagoville, Texas

The one article that was most interesting in your
December 1964 issue was, “It Came Upon a Midnight
Clear,” by Elbert Dyer. Also, your back page, “Headin’
Home,” which shows 51 men for release in December and
27 more for January past. “Headin’ Home,” what a sweet:
phrase!
