---
id: "1053"
title: "Contents"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Fall 1965
Vol. 14   No.2

Editorial Staff

EDITOR
GERALD J. BAAS

ASSOCIATE EDITOR       HUGH H. WILLIAMS
MANAGING EDITOR            PAUL J. KANE
PRODUCTION EDITOR      STANLEY R. MOROZ
ASST. PROD. EDITOR    HOWARD P. SCHRANK
COPY EDITOR            GEORGE M. SNYDER
COPY EDITOR              NORMAN PEARSON
ARTS EDITOR             FREDERICK ADAMS
SPORTS EDITOR         JOSEPH E. SCOLERI
EXCHANGE EDITOR      MARTIN J. KRATLIAN
ARTIST                  CALVIN MILLIGAN
ILLUSTRATOR              S. R. CANTORAL
CIRCULATION MGR.       CHARLES G. SMITH
TYPIST                 ALBERT B. CROSBY
TYPIST                 CHARLES C. CLARK
PHOTOGRAPHER               WALT STEPPER

PRINTING

TECH. CONSULTANT        FREDERICK ADAMS
FLOOR SUPERVISOR      WILLIAM SCHAEFFER
LINOTYPE            JOHN J. KLAUZENBERG
VARITYPER                NORMAN PEARSON
COMPOSITION           HOWARD P. SCHRANK
COMPOSITION            FRANK MATYASEVIC
OFFSET PRESSMEN        STANLEY R. MOROZ
OFFSET PRESSMEN             DONALD REED
OFFSET PRESSMEN          JOSEPH McNEAIR
IMPOSITION & LOCK UP  JOSEPH E. SCOLERI
BINDERY                 CLEVELAND BROWN

Administration
GOVERNOR                 WILLIAM W. SCRANTON
ATTORNEY  GENERAL     WALTER E. ALESSANDRONI
COMMISSIONER                ARTHUR T. PRASSE
DEPUTY COMM.         KENNETH E. TAYLOR, Ph.D.
SUPERINTENDENT                  A. T. RUNDLE
DIRECTOR OF TREATMENT       THOMAS H. GRAHAM
DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION           WILLIAM BERG
GENERAL SUPERVISOR, C.I.   VETO A. IAVECCHIA
PRINTING INSTRUCTOR        ALFRED FRENCH, Jr.

THE EASTERN ECHO is published quarterly by the in-
mates of the State Correctional Institution at Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania. Editorials represent the views of the maga-
zine. Articles represent the views of the author and do not
necessarily reflect the opinions of the magazine staff, or
those of Commonwealth Officials.

PERMISSION will be granted for reproduction of any ar-
ticle upon request. PERMISSION for reproduction of any ar-
ticle, by members of the PENAL PRESS, is hereby given.

CONTENTS
Disabled Public Offenders              4
Vocational Rehabilitation              5
Dental Laboratory                      7
Pre-Trial Publicity                    8
Concert                                9
Hope FormineiDriowAdticr              12
Graymoore Friar Helps Addicts         13
Philadelphia's Unique Chess Club      14
Health                                18
Poetry                                23
July 4th Sports Events                32

DEPARTMENTS
Editorial: Death Penalty & Penal Laws  2
From The Superintendent’s Desk         8
The Overseer’s Log                     6
The Art Page                          10
Inside Information                    11
Chess News                            14
Echo Crossword Puzzle                 15
Profile: Harry R. Zietz               16
From The Chaplains                    24
Sports Section                        29
Beadle Press Exchange                 33

COVER; The cover was designed by S. R. Cantoral and Calvin
Milligan. It is an attempt to convey “football” behind, these walls
in our exercise yard.
