---
id: "1054"
title: "Editorial: Death Penalty and Penal Laws"
author: "Haas, Jerry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial - - -
THE DEATH PENALTY AND PENAL LAWS

(This article expresses the editorial policy of the ECHO on certain issues, but it is also the voice or view of people......
real human beings. The article was inspired by the enactment of recent legislation in New York and other states.)

Last Spring the New York state legislature abol-
ished the death penalty for all capital crimes except
homicide involving policemen in performance of their
duty and killings in prison.

Since 1891, when electrocution was established as
the punishment for capital crimes in New York, 614
men and women reportedly have taken the agonizing
stroll from “‘death row’’ to the electric chair.

New York has become the thirteenth state to make
this great sociological stride out of the past—literally
- out of the Dark Ages. This is part of a very humane
program to revise the criminal code in that state.

Other states recently eliminating the penalty are
Oregon and Vermont. Unfortunately, the legislatures
of Pennsylvania and nearby New Jersey have turned
down similar opportunities to follow such an enlight-
ened path. Almost 40 foreign countries have abolished
the death penalty.

Just and wise men have not been too influenced in
recent years by the arguments for the death penalty,
because there exists no positive proof that it has ever
been a deterent, especially to the young person who
might encounter other circumstances of crime.

It is quite evident, also, in a system of justice
such as ours, stemming from antique legal and moral
principles, that the barbaric act of legal murder is
usually dealt to those who have not resources to buy
complete due process of law. Certainly, indigent peo-
ple can’t even begin to engage the best available legal
counsel.

Our U.S. Supreme Court has recognized the failure
of many jurisdictions in our system of justice to pro-
vide competent counsel at all critical stages of legal
criminal proceedings involving the indigent. They
have, in recent years. acted courageously to insure that
all people—guilty and innocent~should not be de-
prived of Constitutional rights intended by this coun-
try’s founding Fathers to be available to every man,
woman and child, so that ". . . life, liberty and the
pursuit of (individual) happiness. . .” is guaranteed.

Yet, there are those who would condemn our higher
courts for performing their duty; for merely re-empha-
sizing that which already exists in the law; for wishing
to secure each person’s rights!

Beyond these considerations of sociological pro-
priety and ethics, the great moral argument against
the death penalty stands unresolved. The system
actually debases all human life and it permits those
who profess belief in a Holy and Just God, to usurp
the powers of that God. These same peopleapparently
fail to realize that the New Testament condones only
love and declares: “Vengeance is mine sayeth the
Lord; I will repay.” The penalty went out with the
birth of Christ. He was meant to be sufficient sacri-
fice. In addition, the penalty erases any future possi-
bility of rehabilitation of the offender, and perhaps the
development of useful talents in a free society.

In this Commonwealth, a commission consisting of
jurists, legislators, attorneys, penologists and sociol-
ogists have turned over to the legislature a proposed
new penal code, and we understand lengthy legislative
hearings are scheduled.

Although it is doubted that the commission sought
the opinion of prisoners—those really affected by our
archaic laws—we hope the legislature will conduct ex-
tensive investigations, that will include their meeting
with prisoners, parolees and ex-convicts. We believe
the legislature will now have an opportunity to review
penology in this state. We hope that the outcome may
result in a new penal code and the enactment of laws
governing and providing for standard rehabilitation
programs.

Other possible considerations are a “good time’’
law; a law establishing “half-way houses” for men
about to be paroled; a law providing for temporary
commitment to a state hospital for mentally ill inmates
(not as is the current practice: indefinite commitment
to the “last stop’’—Farview). Also essential is a
modern law establishing standard procedures for hand-
ling such commitments and ensuring that each candi-
date is guaranteed due process (protection of his
rights) eliminating entirely the possib:lity of sham pro-
ceedings.

We also believe the lifer should be given an oppor-
tunity for release at a date earlier than has been the
practice in this Commonwealth. How tragic and utterly
disheartening it is to see a rehabilitated lifer con-
tinuing to waste his talents doing time! How mindful
it makes the rest of us that vengeance seems to be the
only reason.

Another problem which is very real is the disparity
in sentencing from county to county—and even within
the same county. This must be considered by the
legislature if we are ever to see consistent justice in
Sentencing in Pennsylvania. Wehaven’t the answer,
but we believe there are thousands of prisoners with
suggestions.

There is the need for a law providing an opportunity
for each prisoner in any prison or correctional institu-
tion in this state, to secure his own private medical
and/or psychiatric evaluation by his own means, in the
event there is a question of handling his particular
medical problem; thus, insuring protection of his
individual rights and good health. The legislature
has already seen the need to enact a law providing
similar guarantees to inmates and patients under the
jurisdiction of the Department of Public Welfare.

We live in the State where all the legal guarantees
were inacted into law in the Colonial days. In that
same period we were also first in the field of penology,
Unfortunately, it does not appear our penal laws have
made too much progress since those days—and we
wonder about recidivism!

As stated, the legislature of this Commonwealth
will now be able to re-examine the death penalty and
our penal laws. They will have an opportunity to con-
sider other logical and humane transformations in this
system of law and jurisprudence.

We sincerely hope that this august body will recall
the Biblical exhortation of a just, wise, and loving
God: "Vengeance is mine, sayeth the Lord; I will
repay’’!    G.J.H.
