---
id: "1056"
title: "Disabled Public Offenders"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
DISABLED PUBLIC OFFENDERS

(We wish to express our sincere appreciation to Miss Mary E. Switzer, Commissioner, Vocational
Rehabilitation Administration, Department of Health, Education and Welfare, Washington, D. C., and
to Mr. Peter Furek, Rehabilitation Counselor, Pennsylvania Bureau of Vocational Rehabilitation, for
their cooperation in supplying general information included in this article.)   —Editor

The prisoner who has failed in outside life is often
the fellow who has been unable for one reason or ano-
ther to do a good job in outside employment. Students
of correctional problems have found evidence to bear
out this lay opinion. They cite a close relationship
between vocational performance and overall community
adjustment among offenders.

It seems logical, therefore, that the governmental
program which deals with the restoration of disabled
persons to jobs would have a significant role to play
in the correctional field.

The Pennsylvania Bureau of Vocational Rehabilita-
tion has been conducting a program at this institution
since late 1964, to aid disabled men to secure an ac-
tive rehabilitation program—intended to restore them
to economic feasibility. Rehabilitation Counselor
Peter Furek of the Bureau’s office in the Philadelphia
State Office Building, has been responsible for the
program here. The program actually dates before 1964,
but its presently enlarged scale dates to November of
that year. Mr. Furek works closely with State Parole
Board Counselor Wendall Bristol, who is primarily re-
sponsible for coordinating the program at SCIPHA with
the Bureau offices in Philadelphia.

During an interview, Mr. Furek explained that many
services are available to qualified disabled offenders
from this institution. Of primary importance to a dis-
apled person, are such services as physical restoration
(for example, artificial limbs, braces, glasses, psycho-
therapy and physical therapy). Other important ser-
vices available, after a client regains medical feasi-
bility, include: Educational-vocational counseling,
college training, business courses, technical special-
ty, training in heavy equipment operation, tractor
truck driving, barbering, beauty culture, and any other
type of training accredited by the Pennsylvania De-
partment of Public Instruction.

Furek said: “It is the Bureau’s philosophy that
any service necessary to effect a client’s rehabilita-
tion would be considered.”’

The Pennsylvania Bureau of Vocational Rehabilita-
tion is under the Pennsylvania Department of Labor
and Industry, and is directed by Charles L. Eby.

Since 1962, the Vocational Rehabilitation Adminis-
tration of the U. S. Department of Health, Education
and Welfare, has supported ten or more research and
demonstration projects designed to apply vocational
rehabilitation concepts in which the public offender
was the focus of study and/or services. They utilize
a wide range of special techniques, varying from in-
stalling vocational rehabilitation units, to the use of
surgical procedures to aid the rehabilitation of dis-
figured offenders.

(left to right): Parole Counselor Bristol; Disabled Inmate; Rehab
Counselor Furek

In 1962, the first institute was held, bringing to-
gether professionals from both rehabilitation and cor-
rectional fields....to explore ways of working more
closely together. One of the principal outcomes of
this institute and related conferences was an aware-
ness of the critical need for vocational rehabilitation
services on the part of probationers and parolees.

Experimental projects were organized at various
lederal probation offices throughout the country. Each
project included research objectives and full rehabili-
tation services to probationers, parolees, andreleasees,
under the jurisdiction of the respective probation
offices.

Another recent development is approval by the
National Advisory Council for Vocational Rehabilita-
tion of a project under which the National Council on
Crime and Delinquency will establish a Joint Commis-
sion of Correctional Manpower and Training. This
very commission will try to relieve the critical short-
age of competent professional manpower in the correc-
tional fields. Vocational rehabilitation will be includ-
ed in the planning of this project, and rehabilitation
concepts and principals will thus go into many public
and private programs aimed at prevention, treatment
and control of crime.

One reason for this lack of emphasis on public of-
fenders has been uncertainty as to the extent and na-
ture of their disability. To understand this, it is
necessary to look at the eligibility requirements of the
State-Federal program. The regulations governing the
program specify that, to be eligible for service, an in-
dividual must meet the following conditions: (1) He
must have a physical or mental disability which re-
sults in functional limitations or limitation of activi-
ties; (2) The functional limitations must result in a
substantial handicap to employment; and (3) There 
must be a reasonable expectation that vocational re-
habilitation services may render the individual fit to
engage in a remunerative occupation.

In considering the offender as a candidate for the
program the various Rehabilitation agencies undoubt-
edly face frequent difficulties, particularly in terms of
conditions one and three. Is there, in fact, a describ-
able disability with resultant functional limitations—is
a question frequently considered.

This leads to consideration of a second factor—
which has impeded large scale rehabilitation program
in the correctional areas—the question of the "worth”
or ‘‘deservingness” of the convicted offender as a
client in the program. Public attitudes toward the of-
fender do pose problems for the professional as well
as the layman.

It is important to note that hard realities are in-
volved in this ussue. The problems are (1) there is a
mounting backlog of eligible people who are not reach-
ed by the program and (2) hardening debt situations
which make it increasingly difficult for some State
agencies to find funds in sufficient amounts to match
those available from Federal sources. Consequently,
we find State programs faced with burgeoning case-
loads, insufficient funds, and staff shortages.

There are obviously many offenders who have such
clear-cut disabilities as mental retardation, psychosis,
and psychoneurosis upon which eligibility can be bas-
ed. Even those who have no flagrant physical or men-
tal condition may, with intensive psychiatric or psy-
chological evaluation, be shown to have describable
emotional disabilities which are limiting and handi-
capping within the definition applied by the Federal-
State program.

The decision to declare the offender eligible for
service will ultimately be based on a judgment of
feasibility; that is, on the probability that rehabilita-
tion services will put him on the job. In these pro-
jects, it is possible to defer a determination of eligi-
bility until services have been provided to demonstrate
the client’s feasibility for rehabilitation. As more of-
fenders prove to be amendable to rehabilitation, they
may inevitably be up-graded on the priority scale of
cases chosen by the State agencies for service.

The Federal-State vocational rehabilitation program
undoubtedly holds the potential for making a major con-
tribution to the correctional field. Although the role
is still in the formative stage, the belief in the capa-
bilities of the program is predicated on the following
premises: (1) Many offenders are disabled persons
who are eligible for vocational rehabilitation services;
(2) The program provides an array of services design-
ed to assist disabled persons to become employed;
(3) There are ways in which the program can effective-
ly complement existing correctional programs in both
preventive and remedial efforts; (4) By augmenting
the vocational potential of a given offender, agency
efforts can increase the probability of his making a
successful adjustment to the community.

In concluding this discussion on VOCATIONAL RE-
HABILITATION, you, the interested or the prospective
applicant for this program, will be interested to know
that rehabilitative and correctional services are al-
ready joining hands in three areas. First, there is the
ever closer working relationship between special edu-
cation and vocational rehabilitation programs across
the ‘country. Second, many correctional institutions
provide rehabilitation services, in some degree, as a
part of their intramural program. Third, there appears
to be a closer relation between vocational rehabilita-
tion and the probation function of Municipal, State, and
Federal courts. It is from the THIRD AREA that im-
mediate and tangible benefits will come.

There is increasing concern across the Nation about
this topic of Vocational Rehabilitation....because of
high crime rates....which are getting higher each year.
The problem of crime is associated with the more gen-
ral problems of proverty, unemployment and social
disadvantages. This should be of concern to everyone.
To relate the matter more directly to the mission of
the Federal-State agencies, we may see that evidence
is rapidly accumulating to suggest that vocationally
oriented services can play a vital role in contributing
to the social adjustment of the public offender. We
might see this work as providing an opportunity to
make visible the significance of the vocational reha-
bilitation process in dealing with one of the major so-
cial problems of our time!

This is not a social program; nor is it a welfare or
social security program. It is intended as a means of
helping the patient become independent—
dent economically. We have every reason to believe
that this program will prove to be most successful in
aiding inmates here at SCIPHA as well as at all other
institutions in our state.
