---
id: "1057"
title: "Vocational Rehabilitation"
author: "SWITZER, Mary E."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
VOCATIONAL
REHABILITATION

by MARY E. SWITZER

Commissioner of Vocational Rehabilitation
Department of Health, Education, and Welfare

“As you see it, what is likely to be the biggest
problem facing you following your release?"

This question was asked of 300 inmates of Federal
prisons in Atlanta, Georgia, and Tallahassee, Florida.
About half of them replied that their chief problems
would be finding employment and lacking money to
spend.

As one prisoner explained: "I will have about
$50 upon release and no outside help. Many places re-
quire two weeks for pay—not counting time seeking
work. This cuts it pretty thin.”

This article is being written in the belief that many
inmates of the State Correctional Institution at Phila-
delphia may well have similar concerns. It will tell
the mentally or physically handicapped persons in this
institution about a government program that will pre-
pare them for useful work and help them find jobs, if
they are found eligible, after they get out of prison.

The article also will explain howefforts to prepare
disabled prisoners elsewhere in the country are being
accelerated.

Services for handicapped inmates of the State
Correctional Institution at Philadelphia are compara-
tively new. The Pennsylvania Bureau of Vocational
Rehabilitation started a special program for former
prisoners at the institution, including those on parole,
last November.

Within this short time about 20 have been sent by
the parole officer to the Pennsylvania rehabilitation
agency for assistance with their disabilities, as well
as with preparation for and help in finding a job.
Among them are paralytics, deformed persons, those
with epilepsy, and some who are mentally retarded.

There already have been some successes. One
man has been placed in a job as door screen packer at
$50 a week, and another man has been provided with a
course in tailoring to prepare him for work in that field.

Another former inmate, who was paroled from the
State Correctional Institution to the care of the Penn-
sylvania Bureau of Vocational Rehabilitation, has re-
cently undergone extensive surgery and is receiving in-
tensive physical therapy at the Piersol Rehabilitation
Center of the University of Pennsylvania.

Miss Mary E. Switzer

These men have been receiving help under what we
call the State-Federal vocational rehabilitation pro-
gram. ‘The program is not only for disabled prisoners
but for all persons with physical or mental disabil-
ities who need help in preparing them for useful work;
people with speech and hearing disorders, blind per-
sons, those who have suffered from heart disease,
cancer and stroke, those with mental illness, for
example.

The program is a working partnership of the Voca-
tional Rehabilitation Administration in the U.S. De-
partment of Health, Education, and Welfare and the
State rehabilitation agencies. There is an agency in
every State, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands, and Guam.

The State agencies provide the actual rehabilita-
tion services. Pennsylvania, for example, has a very
good program. The State led the Nation for the fourth
time in the last six years in numberof persons rehabil-
itated to useful work during the year ended June 30,
1965, with a total of 12,794. President Johnson re-
cently. announced that a National record of about
135,000 people rehabilitated also was established in
the same year.

To qualify for services from the Pennsylvania Bur-
eau of Vocational Rehabilitation and other State rehab-
ilitation agencies, an applicant must have a physical
or mental disability that prevents him from working.
Another requirement is thathe must be of working age.

Applicanis for services are interviewed by a rehab-
ilitation counselor. If accepted, they are given a med-
ical examination, trained for and placed in a job. All
of the services are free if the applicant cannot afford
to pay.

In order to become adjusted to life in the commu-
nity after his release, it is very important for a prison-
er to get personal advice from someone interested in
helping him find a job. The rehabilitation counselor
is indispensable in providing this service.

For further details about the Pennsylvania program,
inmates of the State Correctional Institution at Phila-
delphia should see the parole officer.

As for the problem nationally: Certainly, disabled
prisoners are among the most difficult persons to re-
habilitate for employment. In the first place, they
have a physical or mental handicap. They also have
a criminal record. Many employers hold the record,
even more than the handicap, against them.

As one prisoner put it in a poll at Atlanta, Georgia:
‘When you ask for a job, one of the first questions
they ask is, ‘‘Have you ever been in any trouble?”’

3ecause ofthe special problems of disabled prison-
ers, the Vocational Rehabilitation Administration has
invested almost $1,000,000 in 18 research projects to
find ways of rehabilitating more such individuals.

Oklahoma was the first State to provide intensive
services for public offenders through studies of this
nature. Since 1961, the State has been carrying on a
project at its reformatory for disabled young inmates.

In a more recent Oklahoma project, services have
been provided for many prisoners in the State’s peni-
tentiary system. Nineteen persons released from one
prison in a recent year were prepared and placed for
in jobs.

In a different type of project at Montefiore Hospital
in New York City, plastic surgeons are removing tat-
toos and scars from prisoners. The researchers be-
lieve that by improving a prisoner’s physical appear-
ance he will regain confidence in himself and be more
likely to qualify for and hold a job after his release

In addition to research projects to increase prison-
ers opportunities for employment, some States are ex-
panding disabled prisoner rehabilitation programs.
This is particularly true in Georgia, Arkansas, and
Washington State.

But, no matter how much money is spent or how
much job preparation is offered to former prisoners,
the ultimate decision to work must be made by the in-
dividual himself. It takes courage for a person con-
victed of a crime—especially if he has the added dis-
advantage of disability—to train for and hold a job.
Nevertheless, we have seen it done even by men with
long criminal records.

Those of us in vocational rehabilitation believe
that many disabled prisoners are willing to work and
have the capacity to hold a job. As one prisoner has
expressed it, there still are many employers who will
hire a man on the basis of ability and not his past.
