---
id: "1058"
title: "The  Overseer's Log"
author: "SNYDER, George N."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE
OVERSEER'S 
LOG
by George N. Snyder

EXCERPTS FROM THE OFFICIAL RECORDS
OF THE EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY AT
THE BEGINNING OF THE TWENTIETH
CENTURY.

Jan. 1, 1900: "New Years Day; each prisoner
received a large Dutch cake at breakfast time.’’..
June 1, 1900. "Straw hats issued to the offi-
cers."...  July 4, 1900: ‘‘Independence Day —a
day held sacred in the hearts of the American peo-
ple. The day was observed in the usual way,
speech-making and flags flying from nearly every
home, and a liberal display of fireworks in the
evening. The large flag on the tower of the insti-
tution was thrown to the breeze and now waves
proudly over one of the oldest and best managed
institutions in the United States." Feb. 17,
1901: ‘‘Ginger cakes served at tea time.’’... July
13, 1901: ‘‘12 prisoners discharged — new com-
mutation law... Oct, 13, 1901; “Sunday, the us-
ual morning services; sour kraut and pork for din-
ner." ... Dec. 5, 1901: No visitors allowed dur-
ing epidemic of smallpox." ... Dec. 25, 1902:
“Christmas day. Each prisoner received seven 
apples and a small mince pie in the morning, and
as much roast beef, mashed potatoes, turnips and
gravy as he could eat." ... Oct. 3, 1903: "D. W.
Bussinger, late Warden, was uncerimonially boun-
ced from his position by the Board of Inspectors.”
...Oct. 24, 1903: ‘‘D. W. Bussinger, late Warden,
removed from Penitentiary today.’’... April 22,
1904: "Prisoner 1384 taken with epileptic fits;
Doctor and Principal Cverseer visited him and had
him removed to 8 Block — three days punishment.’’
... Sept. 9, 1904: ‘‘Watermelon Day — 1/4 to each
man.” ... Oct. 22, 1904: “Toilet paper given out
first time.’’... Jan 24, 1906: ‘‘Moving Day; all in-
mates changed cells.’'.. March 2, 1906: ‘‘Prison-
er 3007 had his underclothes taken away from him
for trying to steal a sheet.’’...May 10, 1906: "Pri-
soner 3097 received a penknife by mail.’’... June
20, 1906: ‘‘Prisoner 3117 removed to 3 Block Hos-
pital —nose bitten off by 3130.’’... Dec. 18, 1906:
"Wooden cell tubs replaced by iron ones; ‘Cop-
peras Water’ put in tanks.’’... Dec. 28, 1906: ‘‘Pri-
soner 3046 received from 6 Block —under a cloud.’’
... Feb. 17, 1907: ‘‘B-1228 discharged this morn-
ing — good prisoner. .. July 16, 1907: "Men
locked up this afternoon; Elks’ Convention in the
City and some of them may visit the institution.’’
... Jan. 10, 1908: “3007 discharged this morning
no good, mean prisoner.’’... Jan. 30, 1908: ‘‘No.
2212 (Hunky) sent out one inlaid box by Chaplain
for his King’s daughter.’’... April 17, 1908: ‘‘Pri-
soner 3791 received by express a box containing:
1 vice, 1 hacksaw, 2 basins, 1 drinking glass,
1 piece of hose, 1 piece of chamois, 1 necktie,
1 box of cigars, 1 file, 1 pair of sleeve-holders,
1 pair of garters, 1 pair of suspenders, 1 penknife,
1 looking glass, and 3 packs of safety pins.’’.....
July 20, 1908: ‘‘Prisoner 8432 received bird and
cage." ... Feb. 4, 1909: ‘‘Bread cutting machine
went into operation.”... Feb. 2, 1909: “Officers
received their new uniforms.’’... March 29, 1909:
“Prisoners 1407 & 3594 (runners) locked up on
general principles, for the good of the service.’’..
May 9, 1909: "Mothers’ Day was observed by
each prisoner receiving flowers this morning.

From those of us who enjoy the tempo of the Polkas,
our hands go up to Little Eddie Cole, with the fastest
squeeze box in town!
