---
id: "106"
title: "The Toughest Little Redhead on Market Street"
author: "Rosselli, Joseph"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Toughest
Little Redhead
On
Market Street

by JOSEPH ROSSELLI

Mickey Dugan, they said, was no good. Never
would amount to anything.

‘‘Your Honor,’’ bellowed the hefty, finger-ac-
cusing Assistant District Attorney, ‘‘this is the young
man known by our entire Police Department as the
toughest little redhead on Market Street. Amazing
as it does sound, he himself actually stole a dozen
expensive cars and a police cruiser, all in one week.
Besides that, your Honor, he’s got a bad juvenile
record. First, it was skipping school. Then, steal-
ing bicyeles. ‘Then, breaking into garages.”’

The Assistant D. A. paused for breath. ‘‘Now
he says he pleads guilty and asks for another chance
because next week is Christmas. Imagine that!’’
He glared at Mickey. ‘‘Yes, another chance to
steal a dozen more cars and spoil Christmas for many
of our fine citizens.’’

So, Mickey drew two-to-four years. Riding
down to The House the day before Christmas, one
of the Sheriff’s Deputies said:

‘Mickey, you’re going to a man’s prison. Get
rid of those crazy ideas, snatching autos. Straighten
up before they throw the switch on you.”’

‘Look, Mae,’’ Mickey wrinkled his pug nose.
‘“My old man always told me I had good Irish blood
im me. | em take 1 see? fm tough see: tle
balled his fists, straining bony wrists away from the
shiny handcuffs. ‘‘Don’t even hurt... I’m tough,
see?’’

Behind big iron gates at the Identification Office,
they left Mickey. So long,’’ they said, proffering
their hands.

“Yeah, yeah,’’ sneered Mickey, ‘‘ Ya don’t catch
me shaking hands with the law. Can’t you guys
leave me alone?”’

All through the three-card fingerprint and front-
and-side camera routine, the sneer dominated Mick-
ey’s thin lips. Even during clothes exchange and
while being escorted to the Receiving Cellblock,
the sneer remained. But once the cellblock guard
snapped the heavy padlock on Mickey’s stout, latticed
eage, he flung his few personal belongings against
the wall and threw himself on the narrow cot.

Christmas Eve away from home? No slipping
into the living room? No peeping at the presents
under the ceiling-high tree his old man always fixed
specially for his redheaded brat? No, this couldn’t
happen to him. No! No!

Mickey grew bitter. Wasn’t he tough? Sure,
and he could take it. Sure, and someday somebody
would pay double for this hurt inside. Just wait - -
hat’s all - - just wait!

His bitter, stubborn streak lasted through a dis-
smal Christmas, New Years, and tedious weeks of long
interviews. On the grapevine, aS new arrivals do,
his ears picked up word of the new system. With
psychologists and psychiatrists, doctor and educa-
tional director, sociologist and Chaplain and voca-
tional director, he suffered through their evaluating
tests and prolonged talks.

Where was his home? Who were his folks?
What jobs had he held and why had he quit? What
did he intend doing, if paroled?

He didn’t know and he didn’t care. As for his
home, well, he just didn’t have any to speak of. His
had been a broken home, marked by Mom’s death
and Dad’s drinking too much. His play-ground had
been chases through rubbish-littered alleys and hang-
ing around street corners. The only heroes he knew
were the older, tough corner kids. He’d run their
errands, steal fruit from fruit stands for them and
battle rival street gangs. Around stores, he’d watch
for the beat-cop while they’d swipe bicycles.

Many a late evening he’d limp home with a
peach of a shiner or knuckles swollen. If his Dad
noticed, he’d say, ‘‘Mickey, me boy, yer doing it the
hard way. If yer trying to be the Champ, ya gotta
sidestep when ya see a fist aiming for yer peepers.’’

Other than that, his Dad’s problem, stretching
a slim pay-check to provide clothes and three healthy
meals for Mickey, besides a bottle or two for himself,
kept him far too occupied to speculate on how Mickey
spent his after school time.

Caught stealing bicycles, Mickey took a trip to
the Institutional Farm for Juvenile Delinquents.
Later, for breaking into garages, followed another trip
to the Reformatory. Rules and discipline were strict.
Mickey toughened it out. He got by, someway.

A cellmate who cleaned the garage bragged to
Mickey he could start any car with ‘a little piece of
wire’. From him, Mickey promptly mastered the
art of using a ‘“‘jumper’’ to “‘borrow’’ a car in a
hurry.

Released from the Reformatory, it was past
midnight when he reached his Dad’s rooming house.
He noticed the swinging doors of a red-blinking am-
bulance parked at the curb were just closing. Neigh-
bors told him it was his Dad. They said he’d drank
one bottle too many.

After burying his Dad and with debts mounting,
Mickey moved to a cheap attic room. Days, he
hustled a few dollars at pick-up jobs around trans-
portation docks. Evenings, having no friends and
no place to go, he drifted back to his old familiar
street haunts.

Jinally, wanting what he believed was ‘‘fun’’ and
to play the tough big-shot he began collecting con-
vertibles. At the corner, he’d invite the fellows and
their ‘‘dolls’’ for joyrides. Because of his Reform-
atory hitch, he thought they’d look up to him as
their leader and would stick by him, come what may.

So he thought, until the day a beat patrolman,
whistling at the variety of sporty cars in his district,
idly asked Mickey the source of his sudden wealth.
Every friend Mickey possessed quietly vanished into
the night. Only one individual stuck by him - -
the admiring policeman. In Court and in the County
Jail, till his trip to The House, of his many ‘‘loyal’’
friends not a single pal showed his face at the
Visitors’ Screen. It stumped him.

Not only this, but during the long weeks in
Receiving Center he was puzzled by the daily revela-
tions. What he had constantly heard in the Reform-
atory of the terrible men’s prison hadn’t proven true.
Guards and officials talked to him like ordinary
people, like folks do across a neighborhood lunch
counter. They seemed interested in what he said.
They didn’t yell at him as though he were a ten-year
old. They hadn’t even scolded him once.

Here, as in other places he’d been, he expected
to be slapped and cuffed and cussed. That kind of
treatment he was used to, and could understand. He
could take it. Yet, nothing like that occurred. As
for swiping a police cruiser and being rated the tough-
est redhead on Market Street, that seemed to cut ice
with no one. :

On top of that, they weren’t even forcing him
to do the things he hated so much, like attending
prison school. They’d explained about correspond-
ence courses he could study, evenings. Or afternoon
classes to earn a grammar or a high school diploma.
He could attend a couple hours a day. Or mechani-
cal drawing, show-card writing, typing and playing
in the beginners band, he could try. Too, there were
trades to latch on to in the Bake Shop, Printery,
Laundry, Construction or Electric Shop.

As far as he was concerned, they could tie them
all to a pink arrow and shoot at the stars he eouldn’t
see. He wasn’t interested.

Towards the end of Mickey’s Receiving Center
period, he was called before a roomful of men.
Seated at the nearest end of a polished, rectangular
conference table, he recognized on every side many
of the officials he’d met before. Still, they spoke
kindly to him, not once scolding him. Some sug-
gested he could benefit himself by taking advantage
of the new program available to every individual.

Asked if he had any preference where he desired
to work, Mickey said he didn’t care. He just want-
ed to be left alone.

Assigned to one of the larger cellblocks, Mickey’s
duties proved light. Mornings, he helped sweep and
mop corridors, but afternoons till supper cell count,
rules permitted him to do much as he wished. He
could go to any of several small recreation yards, visit
the Chaplain or Priest, go to the Library, or simply
remain in his cell and sleep.

Not Mickey. He walked the least populated
yard, trying to unscramble his jigsaw-puzzle thoughts.
Having braced himself for a hard way to go, the oppo-
site had happened. Even the attitude and actions of
his nearby mates made him wonder about a tough
euy’s so-called shiny glamour.

He got to thinking maybe there was something
else worth fighting for. Once he’d battled heart and
soul to be a tough guy, to be a ‘‘wheel’’ and have
‘‘shots’’ give him the glad nod. His head clearing,
he was beginning to see that so far there had been
only painful headaches in it for himself. But, maybe
he could find a better answer on those shelves loaded
with old books.

Out of curiosity Mickey wandered into the small,
compactly-built library located at the entrance to
the Educational Department. Soon, lighted by an
awakening thirst to learn more, he dug deeper and
deeper into books on mechanics. Watching others,
he managed to manipulate the card index file to
avoid losing precious time asking the Librarian for
a particular volume.

On Fridays, Mickey borrowed enough to hold
him over the long weekends. Evenings he began
sweating out answers to a correspondence course in
mathematics. A new world had sprung open for
Mickey and at his request the Educational Director
enrolled him afternoons in Mechanical Drawing clas-
ses.

Came Spring and he applied for the Print Shop.
Again he was ealled before the roomful of men.
Again they talked like ordinary folks to him, seem-
ingly pleased with his progress. Yes, behavior re-
ports showed no detrimental marks. Still, since he
knew nothing of the printing trade, how could a job
there benefit him?

"Well,’’ said Mickey, in the first honest speech
of his life, ‘‘I’ve squeezed all I can from library
books on Mechanics. There’s a maintenance helper’s
job open in the Print Shop. I’d like to try my hand
ate it...

Mickey fully expected to be refused. He knew
from past experience that a fellow good at the barber
trade drew a broom-pushing assignment. A  shoe-
maker got a laundry job. Again, he was surprised
when his Block Officer notified him to report to the
Print Shop Supervisor the next morning.

Big, speedy, automatic-clicking presses fascinated
Mickey. More so, the row of stalwart Linotype
giants. Sticking close to the expert mechanic, help-
ing in the actual work of servicing, repairing and
overhauling equipment, Mickey caught on fast.

Observing his progress, the Shop Supervisor fre-
quently encouraged his efforts. Instead of a hin-
drance, Mickey soon developed into real assistance for
Whitey, the mechanic, a prisoner like Mickey.

“Red,’’ Whitey told him, ‘‘Keep on like you’ve
been the past six months and you’ll never have to
snatch another machine. A mechanic’s wages for a
week, Red, covers a down payment on a late-model
Cae

Curious thing, too, bitterness wasn’t churning
Mickey’s insides anymore. He didn’t hate the beat-
patrolman, the Judge, or that leather-lunged Assist-
ant D. A., as he used to. And a funny thing, - - in
place of the churning there was a happy feeling in-
side him, like sometimes he remembered his old man’s
carefree warbling after a St. Patrick’s Day street
march feeling the couple of shots under his parade
belt.

In the next year, Mickey became the pride of
the Print Shop. The experienced Linotype operators
and the beginners seldom complained of balky ma-
chines. Better copy flowed steadily from the smooth-
clicking giants. Too, because Mickey could laugh
with them and take a ribbing, the shop pulled for his
parole coming up.

Mickey’s case was heard on Monday, sixty days
before Christmas. It lasted fifteen hopeful minutes.
Then, after a month’s heartbreaking wait, the Board’s
decision arrived. They had voted ‘‘yes’’ for parole,
subject to an approved job, home and sponsor.

For Mickey it was only a paper parole. With
his Dad gone, having no relatives, and the prospects
dim of obtaining outside employment, freedom would
be a long way off.

“Sure, and the world can well do without me,”
Mickey took it grinning, handing Whitey his check-
in tools. ‘‘Suppose I don’t make it for Christmas.
Who cares? You guys are the only friends I have.”

That, Whitey told him, was the breaks of the
game. Hither you got them or you didn’t. You
learn a trade and what comes of it? Peanut shells.’’

“I wouldn’t say that,’’ put in the Shop Super-
visor. ‘‘Any plant can always use a good mainten-
ance man. In fact, this weekend I’ll be talking to
a Manager.”

Not only was Mickey offered the job, but the
manager agreed to act as his sponsor and arrange
a room for him at the Y. M. C. A., where he was a
director.

Now popped the puzzler - - could all this go
through the parole wheels of the Field Officers in-
vestigation for approval in time for Mickey’s holiday
release ?

Christmas week! The heartbreakingest seven
days of the year. Being absent from home and loved
ones never failed to reflect flicks of sadness on grey
faces. Men on galleries were doing a heroic job
trying to add a touch of old St. Nick to dismal cor-
ridors and bleak cells washed with more than one
sorrowful tear. And throughout the suspenseful
hours with crinkled strips of blue, green and white
tissue streamers, Mickey somehow passed the evenings
decorating his scrubbed walls.

Then the day before Christmas arrived! On
his block, happy friends shook hands with the ‘‘short-
timer’’. “Any minute, Red,’’ they said. And he
waited every minute to be summoned to the Parole
Office, told to get dressed. By noon the summons
still had not arrived.

Finally at evening lockup, after a supper which
Mickey never ate, the Block Officer paused in bolting
his door. ‘‘ Well, Red, I never thought i’d have to
put a lock on you again. It’ll be the toughest
Christmas of your life . . . you should be home,
right now. But, just remember you’re not the first
whose parole plan didn’t get approved in time.”

"I can take it,’’ Mickey said. . . crying.
