---
id: "1060"
title: "A View from Behind Bars"
author: "DILLON, Hugh R."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PRE-TRIAL
PUBLICITY _

by Hugh R. Dillon
Editor, SPECTATOR
Southern Michigan Prison

Reprinted by permission
(c) 1965 Editor & Publisher Magazine

A VIEW FROM
BEHIND The BARS

In all the discussions regarding pre-trial publici-
ty, many voices are being heard. Both sides, news
media and legal groups, have expressed their view-
points. But what of the “‘middleman’s”’ viewpoints?

No one seems too concerned about the viewpoint
of the person who will be, or has been, subjected to
pre-trial publicity—the prisoner.

This is not surprising because the prisoner—or
criminal, or defendant, or whatever—is resigned to be-
ing ignored as he is put through the “grist mill’’ of
legal procedure.

There is much to be said in favor of both sides of
the argument. This presents a paradox because, at
the same time, there is much to be said against both
sides. In the past neither side has been without sin.

NO ONE CARES

There have been instances where newspaper cov-
erage undoubtedly helped form conclusions before
cases came to trial. But if those cases could be
tallied, they would probably be found to be very much
in the minority among the thousands that go through
the legal “‘grist mill’’ each year.

The publicity given the majority of cases has
little, if any, effect because it is forgotten by the
time the case comes to trial. It is forgotten because
no one cares.

Oh, they care enough to read the “lurid details’”’ of
the moment. ‘They care enough to want to see so-
ciety protected. But they don‘t really care unless the
case affects them personally. How many persons
keep abreast of every case, all the way from arrest
to conviction? Very few.

Even in prison, where the “‘lurid details’? are de-
voured daily, very few remember the details by the
time the convicted man joins them among the “‘num-
bered.”

Where do newspapers get the “‘lurid details’’ to re-
late to their readers? From the very officials who
now want to shut the door in their faces. For years
they have been supplying the “‘facts’’ that make up
the news stories.

LIBELOUS PROCEDURE

This is an area that could stand correcting. Too
many times, detrimental and erroneous—sometimes
knowingly false—statements are issued to the press.
Officials have come to feel secure in this libelous
action because the party involved usually has neither
the means nor the power for recourse.

The press too often accepts these official state-
ments at face value, safe in the knowledge that they
have an attributable source in the event the statement
is challenged.

A few years ago,a jury found a man not guilty ata
Detroit murder trial. A woman testified, no doubt at
great personal embarrassment, that she and the man
had been together in a hotel room at the time of the
murder. Her statement was substantiated, making it
impossible for the man to have committed the murder.

If he were not guilty, the conclusion that someone
else is should be elementary, and the case still open.

When newsmen conferred with the head of the
homicide division, asking what the police were going
to do, he answered,,‘‘As far as we’re concerned, the
case is closed. He's the guy.”

A police official has a public responsibility. Part
of that responsibility is not to make public state-
ments based on personal opinion. This officer set
himself above the court and jury which had just ac-
quitted the man. In this instance the statement was
made after the trial, but in many, many instances
comparatively damaging statements:are made before
trials, and just as readily reported.

ABUSES IN SILENCE

These are some of the sinsof the press. What about
the official faction that claims they can correct these
sins by withholding information and forbidding pre-
trial statements? Granting that they would achieve
their goal, granting for argument’s sake only, wouldn‘t
they be opening the door to other more disastrous
abuses?

As conscientious and sincere as the American Bar
Association may be in its aims, how do we protect
arrested persons from abuses that could come out of
the “‘silent treatment?”

Somewhere along the line, some over-zealous police
official is going to take advantage of the opportunity
to ‘‘stack the deck’’ if he feels that the press won’t be
watching the game

If the right of a free press is going to be subjected to
“exemptions,’” where will the line be drawn? Later on
another group will come along and say,“We shall have
freedom of the press except when ----”

It should not be complex. Fither we have a free press
with no exceptions, or we have a controlled press. We
can’t have it both ways.

The U. S. Attorney General recently outlined his plan.
No information about a man’s past record, regarding his
confession, etc., etc., etc., No information—except in cer-
tain cases, he said. Who or what decides when this excep-
tion will be made? Even when officials set up new rules,
they still want to reserve. the right to make exceptions to
the same rules. Do we conclude that if it suits their pur-
pose they will “blast’’ a defendant?

They say their intentions are to assure a mana fair
trial. There are many other areas in which they could
concern themselves and assure a man a fair trial; many
areas far more important than suppressing pre-trial publicity.

BATTLE BETWEEN LAWYERS

They could concentrate on making a trial a thorough
seeking of the truth and less a battle of wits between
lawyers. Too many times men have gone to prison because
of clever subterfuges by prosecutors adept at withholding
from a jury information that would favor the defense. This
is also true of defense attorneys but it still is not right.
Also, many nen have gone to prison because of lack of pre-
paration or initiative on the part of their lawyers.

In a Detroit Court, a man was scheduled for sentencing
when a probation officer disclosed information that showed
the man was not guilty of embezzlement as charged but only
of resigning in an unorthodox manner.

He had been a driver salesmen for the complaintant. He
parked a company truck in a garage. He deducted the money
collected on his route pay, which he had coming, plus the
equivalent of a cash bond on deposit with the company. He
mailed the balance of the money, the truck keys and the
parking claim check to his employer and left town.

What if the probation officer had not learned these facts?
Why hadn’t his lawyer learned of them? What about the
prosecutor?

“I’d like to see somebody about my brakes.”’

BELATED REVELATION

In another Michigan County, halfway through a trial the
prosecutor disclosed that a jury member was the sheriff’s
brother-in-law. A mistrial was declared. Conscientious?
If the trial had been going his way would he still have made
the disclosure? It was a small town. It’s possible that the
prosecutor knew this at the beginning of the trial. It’s pos-
sible.

A few months ago, prosecutors commented on the finan-
cial burden being caused by a ruling that provided for ap-
pointment of counsel to indigents for appeals.

TAXPAYER’S BURDEN

At the same time, many prosecutors are bringing men in-
to court on new charges whenthey are already under another
sentence.

Where is the concern for the financial burden on the tax-
payer in these cases? When a man is under sentence for
five to ten years, what is to be gained by bringing him into
court for a charge that carries a four-year maximum?

The only possible gain is an impressive conviction tally
for the prosecutor. Society, the taxpayer, certainly does
not gain.

These areas are more worthy of the attention of the
American Bar Association and officialdom than the area of
pre-trial publicity.

SOME WRONGS EXPOSED

The sins of both sides are plentiful. Likewise, there
are credits to both. Newsmen have vindicated many wrongly
imprisoned men. Many lawyers have conscientiously left no
stone unturned and sucessfully sought the truth to the bene-
fit of imprisoned men. But they, like the cases affected by
pre-trial publicity, are in the minority.

THE RULES OF SOCIETY

We are taught that to steal is morally wrong. If we steal,
we will be punished. These are the rules of our society.
This is the way it should be.

The rules of our society also allow for freedom of the
press and fair trials. A more conscientious effort on both
sides would sustain these rules. 

Until this utopian goal is reached, if this writer were
faced with a choice, it might be better to be at the mercy of
the news media—as embarrassing as it might be—than to be
at the mercy of offialdom if they were permitted to operate
in secrecy.

M. A.C. SEXTET enjoying themselves with Jazz
