---
id: "1062"
title: "The Art Page"
author: "VALENTINO, Dominick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Art Page
by
D. Valentino

(We wish to thank Dominick Valentino for his valuable
contribution to this magazine during his tenure here. He
has sincerely and faithfully endeavored—and he has been
successful—ito share his talents with our readers, both in-
side and outside. We wish him success, good will and
good fortune as he prepares to leave “Cherry Hill.")—Ed

My hopes are high . . . that by the time this maga-
zine goes to press I will have departed from behind
these walls. By way of a swan song, to end my ten-
ure with a few words regarding my approach to these
columns, I wish to acknowledge some of the people
who have contributed to this feature.

Never have I written this page without experienc-
ing a sense of honest humility for presuming to im-
part knowledge in a field that has been so thoroughly
and competently covered by experts. I have felt that
my rashness could be justified only on the basis of my
modest aims: To write a page that would serve sim-
ply as an introduction to art for my fellow inmates,
who, under ordinary circumstances, would not be
caught dead in an art museum. ‘These are the same
people I have tried to reach and to show them that
art is even accessible to the “average Joe” through
my article; that art can play a very meaningful role in
"pulling a bit."

If I have measured properly some of the reactions
to this page, the point that seems to have gotten a-
cross is that participation in the world of art is a
means by which much of humanity, absent from prison
life in many respects, can be restored. My own exper-
ience confirms that view. When I am painting or play-
ing music or otherwise engaged in art, never do I cease
to marvel at the sense of triumph . . . I seem to exper-
ience over all that is squalid in prison life. It is
difficult to look beyond myself; but, in the process of
trying, I somehow recapture my own feeling of worth
and dignity. If I have been able to suggest some of
these redeeming attributes of art to even one person,
as far as I’m concermed, my efforts have not been in
vain.

It has been said that a man will turn over an en-
tire library to write one book. I can personally attest
to the validity of that statement. Whatever factual
merit may be claimed for these pages is due to the
freedom with which I have consulted the works of
scholars in this field. I have also sought andreceived
advice and encouragement from my good friends who
are actively engaged in art of one form or another.
To name but a few: Mr. Robert Barclay, Jr., Music
Director, who served for me as an invaluable source
of knowledge. Under Mr. Barclay’s leadership, I have
gained a greater mastery over my musical instrument
and a broader concept of music, generally. Freddie
Adams, a very fine musiciar and editor of THE ARTS
section of the ECHO, has helped me immeasureably,
both musically and editorially. As a matter of interest,
these art pages started under his direction, when he
served as editor of this publications.

Thanks "Paps” Nick. He is a very fine artist
and a thoughtful man, who has inspired me. tremen-
dously through his works and instruction. He has
helped me to improve my own painting technique and
has shown me the best way to achieve various effects-
with colorings, shadings, and colors. He has given
me a whole new artistic vocabulary and has contribu-
ted immensely to the refinement of my artistic tastes.
My own honest and deeply felt opinion is that Nick
Derembeis ranks along side of our great contemporary
artists.

All of these passions have, in one way or another,
enriched my writing, and it is hoped that they have
enlivened this column for the reader.

I wish to thank the editor and staff of the ECHO
for their cooperation and advice, without which nearly
nothing would have been possible. Finally, I wish to
express my gratitude to all the fellows who took the
time to read and comment on these pages. Their views
were always useful and stimulating. To any one whose
artistics temperament may have been outraged by my
attacks on the subject of art in this column over the
past two years, I ask for forbearance; and close as I
have opened, with an apology. Thank you, my friends.
