---
id: "1063"
title: "Inside Information"
author: "KLAUZENBERG, John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
INSIDE
INFORMATION

When it was suggested I consider the idea of writing this column I found my-
self wondering whether or not the knack, talent, or what have you, to express one-
self in a manner designed to gain the attention, hold the interest, and survive the
criticism of the severest critics in creation, was at my command. What would I say,
and how? What experience could possibly qualify me? Being honest and forthright,
(with myself) I concluded that authoring a postcard or two, and signing a commis-
sary slip each week couldn't quite be considered “literary” experience — by any
stretch of the imagination. Undaunted by these mere trivialities, I graciously ac-
cepted the offer for better or for worse, etc. Editorializing, serious subject matter,
fiction, sports, music, and art, are to be found elsewhere on these pages, written by
the “pros,” as it were. Those with intellectual tastes, and seekers of knowledge and
culture, who quite definitely prefer some semblance of logic and order, will probably
ask themselves “is this for real?’ At which juncture I'll probably get myself into a
proper ‘‘snit’” and include a picture of myself the next time.

Rumor persists that the old Cherry Hill Bastille has had “it”; that the State is,
in fact, seeking an agreement with the ‘City of Brotherly Love” regarding the site
for a new institution — which prompts me to ask: How come they need a new
“pokey”? The one we got is only a hundred and thirty-nine years old.

Rocky is circulating around and about informing all and sundry how impressed
he is with his team’s prospects for the coming football season. He did not stand on
my foot — he merely held me by the belt.

“Big Six,” “Rosey,” “Acey,” S. Cantoral, and Lorenzo have formed a swinging
little combo — I understand they call themselves the “Soul Brothers” — competition
Freddie? George Smith and his aggregation are “a-pluckin and-a-singin” again this
year; real “purty,” men. And then there are several vocal groups holding forth, too.
A big “E” for effort to Billy T., have mike, will “wail”, sans mike (in jail) did still
“wail.”

“Bye-bye” and good luck to “dapper” Mert, “Prune-face,” “Big Dutch,” “Bald
Paul,’ Dom Valentino, Felix Capone (the “Monk”), and Don Coll, my predecessor.

A classic example of unmitigated gall; or how to alienate a sports editor - - -
tell him you intend using him only as a “third-string, substitute halfback”; not very
subtle, Harry.

Exclusive, from a most “reliable” source - - the reason we here at E. S. P. don’t
get the ice cream desserts, courtesy of the State — there’s no facility for storage.
(Freezer). To point out just how narrow-minded one can become about things of
this nature, I was pretty well convinced somebody “up there” at Harrisburg was
peeved at us “city folk.”

A pat on the back to: Ray Wade who inherited the role of chief troubleshooter
mechanic in the print shop (with the passing away of Al Raskie); Butch Miller who
keeps one and all happy with sterile bedding; Tom Flannery, linotype operator par
excellence, burdened with the onerous task of instructing others in this exacting
vocation; Eddie Brewer, of the ice-plant, whose day is long, and duties many; “Mus-
cles,” who manages to stay so young - only 26 ! “Porky,” “Uncle Miltie” and co. who
keep the roofs intact above our heads; and to Mr. Robert Barclay, our Musical
Director, whose efforts have produced an organization — Concert Band, Dance
Band — which has provided some exciting and pleasurable moments this past year.

A certain sax-playing friend of mine looking so blase about the solo he'd just
finished playing wasn’t as unconcerned as it first appeared — seems he'd encount-
ered a minor problem like the neck-strap getting tangled up in whatever it is
neck-straps get themselves tangled-up in on the sax — researching insurance
statistics convinced me the chances of an incident of this sort occurring was next
to impossible, but mere odds failed to impress our boy, impaled on the “horn” of
his dilemma, “all’s well that ends well.” So, aside from a momentarily bruised
ego , Sonny S. plays on.

In closing I‘d like to impart to you three words of wisdom; if you remember
them you'll always have money — “Stick-’em-up”!
