---
id: "1064"
title: "Hope for the Drug Addict"
author: "LOCKNER, Bobby"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
HOPE FOR THE DRUG ADDICT

by BOBBY LOCKNER

The indespensible pre-requisite of individual and
social balance is the understanding not only of one’s
self, but of the power and forces that motivate oneself.

Invariably, the narcotic addict finds it is almost
impossible to escape from the treadmill of arrest, re-
lease, and re-arrest. Too little is understood of the
addict’s way of life. In some states it is impossible
to surrender yourself as an addict; nor is it possible
to seek the medical and psychological help that must
be administered to promote rehabilitation. The possi-
bility of being criminally charged with the use of dan-
gerous drugs—if treatment is sought—is a constant
fear. If professional treatment is not sought, substi-
tuting "cold turkey’’ treatment, the addict is placing
his life in further jeopardy, and may, even then, wind
up in prison.

The structure of our laws governing drug addiction —
should be reviewed, with an emphasis on treating,
rather than punishing. Punishment is NOT the solu-
tion-but only a temporary deterrent before the addict
returns again to the use of drugs.

What then are the corrective measures? What pro-
gram is offered in hope for the addict? What steps
can society take to help the addict from his treadmill
of troubles? What can really be done in the adminis-
tration of justice—in the humane understanding and
treatment of the plight of the drug addict? Here,
at the Eastern State Correctional Institution in Phila-
delphia, a program has been initiated by Mr. Charles
Cammorata, one of our staff members. He has devoted
many hours to classes on drug addiction. More recent-
ly, Dr. Kurt Konietzko, District Supervisor of the
Philadelphia District of the Pennsylvania State Board
of Parole, and his co-worker Mr. George Barbour and
Mr. Albert Levitt, have been visiting the Institution
each week in order to conduct classes on drug addic-
tion.

They have shown us that there is hope for the ad-
dict through rehabilitative measures of understanding
and counseling. It is true that behavioral scientists
have been searching for the evasive answer of WHY
the addict returns again and again and again to the
use of narcotics. We have learned through this pro-
gram that this answer lies within ourselves. This
program holds the key to open our inner-most thoughts.
Somewhere in these troubled thoughts is the answer
as to why we return again and again. We have only
hope—for the road to rehabilitation will be a long one
—but a torch of understanding has been lit to help
guide us back to all that is decent and constructive
in our daily living. Addiction must be categorically
classified not only as a physical ailment, but also as
a mental illness. We have learned that our dependen-
cy on drugs can be abolished by facing our problems
and ourselves, our real selves, and not what we think
we are—and by accepting the fact that we do need and
want to help ourselves. The physiological impacts of
addiction are measured and interpreted and then treat-
ed medically. What of the mental productivity of an
addict’s life and the behavior patterns that stem from:
it? What about his inevitable return to the use of
drugs? It is here that the real seeds and answers to
the individual’s problems of addiction lie. How to
penetrate our thoughts remotest caverns—to bring the
problems from the subsconscious to the conscious—to
explore them and grasp a meaningful solution without
the aid of chemicals. This is what we seek. This we
know we can attain. Those of our group know that we
must be honest not only to each other and our counsel-
or, but most of all to ourselves. We are learning to
accept reality. We know that this acceptance realizes
truth and the structure of things that are real. We ex-
cape from the fantasies of life and our character
strengthens and reflects ourselves as we are. This
is a prime requisite of our program. It is in this realm
of truth that we build our hopes for our tomorrow.
There will be many barriers to be leaped. There will
be many obstacles we will sometimes even have to
crawl over—but never around. We must be united to a
common cause of ridding our physical and psychologi-
cal structures of our irresponsibilities, our compulsive
motivations, our significant and expressive actions
and attitudes of this sickness that science calls drug
addiction. We seek for insight into our personality
defects and problems. Our success will be—and only
can be—measured by our properly utilizing this pro-
gram which is designed and structured to give an ad-
dict an opportunity for a better understanding of him-
self as a personality. The program is further intended
to provide the addict with an awareness of the forces
that motivate him to any act. When he recognizes
these fundamental elements, he will simultaneously
realize that these are the basic instruments of rehabi-
litation of the individual addict. We avidly seek this
opportunity—this precious opportunity—for the restora-
tion of ourselves not as only individuals, but as a
group, to become useful and productive citizens. We
must face our shortcomings and search for the solu-
tions to our problems. We seek guidance back to nor-
malcy and a constructive future when again we are re-
leased. This, we believe, we can and will attain by
our participation in this program. We must be sincere,
truthful and unafraid to bare the facts of our lives and
actions—for it is in these facts—these sometimes diffi-
cult to face indicents where, not only do the problems
lie—but the solutions as well.

This is not a plan of prescribed forces, but a pro-
gram composed of men who know what they want—what
they are—what they were—and with enough insight to
realize what they still can attain in structured living
without resorting to a ‘‘chemical crutch.”

The realization that somebody cares for such as
we, is a great psychological lift in itself. Each one
of us is humbly thankful to those who are giving so
freely of their time, their efforts, and their knowledge,
to help us gain the stature of good and useful citizens
through the recognizance and understanding of our
personalities.

We realize the road to normalcy will be long and
hard, but I feel each of us can see our goals and a
distant horizon of success. It isinthe hopes for more
understanding for the drug addict that this is written:
for by exposing ourselves we learn, and in turn, we
will be able to teach—to show—that there are correc-
tive measures for the addict without resorting to puni-
tive measures.

It is inevitable that one day society will recognize
and accept the fact that the drug addict does not be-
long in prison, but rather in some treatment center
staffed by medical and psychiatric personnel.

Prison does not serve as a cure to the user of
drugs. It is only a deterrent as it merely delays ow
return. It is only in the understanding and probing of
the formative years of an individual’s life that the
existing problems that led to his addiction can be
brought to the surface and treated. It cannot be by
scratching the surface, but only by probing the some-
times small and, seemingly, insignificant incidents of
that individual’s life. Compositely, these incidents
will tell the counselor the real story that led the in-
dividual to his addiction, and he in turn will show us
the corrective measures—the counteracting steps—that
lead to a life of normalcy. We are in a position to
help ourselves through this program. We know there
is hope WE KNOW there is a cure—the rest is up to us
—and we grasp it preciously and firmly with meaning.
