---
id: "1065"
title: "Graymoore Friar Helps Addicts"
author: "FRAME, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
GRAYMOORE FRIAR HELPS ADDICTS

by JAMES FRAME

Among the comparatively few clergymen working in
the field of narcotics addiction, one of the best known
and loved is Father Daniel Eagan, a Graymoor Friar,
who became interested more than a decade ago when
he discovered that a woman he was trying to help was
a heroin addict. To his amazement, no hospital
would admit her for treatment. He began to read
about the effects of various narcotics, what was
known medically about treating addiction, and the
laws governing the illegal sale or purchases of drugs.
Armed with this knowledge—and conscience stricken—
he proceeded to help addicts “kick’’ their habits.

Gradually, he came to know more addicts, mostly
women, who, he began to feel were even more pathe -
tic than their male counterparts. For them, the shame
of prostitution is often added to the stigma of addict
tion and jail.

Father Eagan’s regular work is preaching at re-
treats and missions in various cities. As soon as he
gets back “‘home,’’ he begins his rounds of visiting
addicts in the few hospitals that accept a limited
number, trying to get others admitted, accompanying
some to Court, and merely walking the streets where
he knows from experience he will find girls sick,
alone, afraid of the police, and with no one to whom
they may turn for help. At the House of Detention,
where 90 percent of the inmates have some history of
drug addiction, Father Eagan attends to their spiritual
needs, talks to them about staying off of drugs, and
what they will do when released from jail. He tries
to meet as many as he can when, upon release, they
are turned back into the streets with the 25 cents
that represents the City’s contribution to their rehab-
ilitation.

Sometimes a girl who has no money for food or
lodging, will return in desperation to prostitution or
other crimes, and almost immediately be arrested
again. Tense, frightened, and with no place to go,
they are strongly tempted to take a shot of heroin—
getting the money where they can—and forgetting
their troubles. The pusher who will sell them oblivion
is never far away.

Father Eagan finds that the hardest thing an addict
has to do is to forgive himself for the things he has
done to support his habit. For their immediate, prac-
tical relief when they leave a hospital or prison,
Father Eagan would like to establish a “half-way
house,’’ conducted by laymen, preferably a married
couple. There, addicts could live for three weeks or
a month until they were able to find a job and a room
of their own. Right now Father Egan has no money to
start such a project. Whatever money he receives in
retreats and missions for his personal use, is doled
out a few dollars at a time for emergency help to in-
dividual addicts. He often must deprive himself of
bare essentials in order to do this. He also begs
what he can from friends and relatives—clothes, cash
and even baby carriages—but they are used up almost
immediately.

Father Egan is also Chaplain of Narcotics Anony-
mous, patterned after Alcoholics Anonymous, and
founded in 1948 by Daniel Carlsen, who had been an
addict for some 25 years.

Before he died of cancer in 1956, Carlsen, by sheer
courage and perseverance, had been able to inspire
many addicts to follow his example. He was helped
considerably, however, by Brigadier Dorothy Berry of
the Salvation Army. Through her unselfish efforts,
and the Army’s welfare department, she provided
countless addicts and former addicts with food,
clothing and shelter. Through her constant sympathy
and patience, she has helped countless others to start
a new life.

Narcotics Anonymous (N.A.) has had its ups and
downs over the years. It has been hampered by lack
of funds, places to meet, and by the addict’s fear of
police spies or informers that might infiltrate their
meetings. All addicts are distrustful of each other
for the simple reason they invariably inform on each
other under excrutiating withdrawal pains. Some ad-
dicts have been known to suffer the supreme penalty
inflicted by sellers, or “pushers,’’ as they are called,
by means of a “‘hot shot’’—an overdose of heroin,
which causes sudden death. Such murders are rarely
detected and, of course, the assassin is never brought
to book as it is virtually impossible to establish legal
guilt.

However, as concern about narcotics addiction has
grown, N.A.’s open meetings have been visited by
priests, ministers, social workers and nurses, trying
to learn about addiction, and lately an occasional
politician, looking for votes on the promise of sup-
porting legislation helpful to addicts.
