---
id: "1068"
title: "Philadelphia's Unique Chess Club"
author: "TREBLOW, Mordecai"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0016.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
PHILADELPHIA'S
UNIQUE
CHESS CLUB

by MORDECAI TREBLOW

Philadelphia’s Benjamin Franklin Parkway is a
beautiful tree-lined boulevard running northwest from
City Hall to the Art Museum. Along its borders are
many fine public buildings and museums built in the
classical Greek style used in our nation’s capital.
Here, in recent years, many fashionable apartment
houses have displayed the most modern architectural
design. However, less than four blocks north of the
Benjamin Franklin Parkway at 21st Street, sits a
building of medieval architecture complete with thick
walls and commanding towers at each corner. This is
the Eastern State Penitentiary, one of Pennsylvania’s
two maximum security prisons. Imprisoned here are
about 880 inmates, all of whom have been found guilty
of felony crimes. Approximately one-fourth of the
inmates have received life sentences.

Yet within these grim and massive walls resides
one of Philadelphia’s most active chess clubs and
certainly one of the most unusual in the nation. ‘The
Eastern State Penitentiary Chess Club, or ESP Club
as it is popularly known in Philadelphia circles,
boasts a membership of 76 which is well over 10% of
its potential. | certainly know of no other institu-
tion that has so high a percentage in its chess club.

The ESP Chess Club was started in 1957 and it
joined the Philadelphia Chess Association in 1959,
entering teams in both the Championship and Reserve
League; it is a charter member of the PCA’s Indus-
trial League which is now in its third season. The
ESP's team in the Championship League has given
the best performance although it has yet to come out
on top of the League. However, they have performed 
very well against the team which has come out on 
top. In the 1959-60 season ESP beat the American
Legion Post 396 team, the following year they drew
the Germantown YMCA and last year they beat Post
396 by a 4-1 score. They are the winners of the In-
dustrial League this year.

I spent a day in the penitentiary and found it to be
a very rewarding chess experience. I had lunch and
a long chess chat with (a prison official) ... The
visit concluded with a serious talk with Superintendent
A. T. Rundle. In between, I talked with the prison
psychologists and a few of the guards. Every one of
these officials had nothing but high praise tor their
chess club and especially for the recreation and re-
habilitation value of chess. Superintendent Rundle
pointed out that while chess activity is not uncommon
in prisons, the ESP Chess Club may well be unique
in its great activity and participation with the chess
community outside the prison walls...

(A prison official) introduced me to the president
of the ESP Chess Club, Marty Pearson, who, of course,
is a prisoner. Marty learned to play chess at ESP
and has become a good chess player and a good lea-
der. He has even served as the secretary of the
Philadelphia Chess Association. Among the mem-
bers of his chess club, Marty is a stand-out. He
plays first board on the Championship League team
and has developed into somewhat of a simultaneous
player. Marty’s biggest and best simultaneous was a
43 board event in which he won 39, drew 2 and lost
only 2 in the time of five hours. His best at blind-
fold chess was a 12 board simultaneous in which he
won 7, drew 3 and lost 2; this took Marty 5 hours, 10
minutes with an hour break for lunch in the middle—
chess nuts in a prison can’t skip lunch even if they
want to...

Unlike this writer, when he wins Marty does so
rather quickly, e.g., he beat W. Arkless, Germantown
YMCA Chess Club, in 27 moves. He is a rough man
to beat having secured draws against experts Myron
Zelitch, Richard Abrams, and Tony Cantone.

I took with me on my visit a chess set; a guard re-
quested me not to take the set inside the prison. But
I really didn’t need it, for the prisoners are well
supplied with beautiful chess sets and boards, many
of which were made by the men in their hobby craft
shop. I played Marty with one of these hand-crafted
boards and sets; the workmanship was exquisite in
every detail. The Philadelphia Junior Chamber of
Commerce annually sponsors a display and sale of
prison arts and crafts in which chess equipment is
prominently featured.

But what of the attitude of Philadelphia chess
players toward playing matches in a prison? (A
prison official) informed me that there has never been
any trouble. Of course, ESP plays both home and
"away" matches in the prison. Ed Strehle, a USCF
vice-president and president of the Philadelphia
Chess Association, became so interested in the role
of chess in rehabilitation that he has become a parole
advisor. This is a voluntary post in which Ed has
helped several parolees obtain the home and job
which are prerequisites for parole. Since the mem-
bers of the ESP Chess Club can’t get to the PCA’s
annual banquet held at a Philadelphia supper club,
they hold their own banquet to which they invite re-
presentatives of the PCA’s member clubs and the
officers of the PCA. The invitations receive ready
acceptance!

I was given the opportunity of speaking with the
(former) editor of the quarterly prison magazine, the
EASTERN ECHO. (Former) editor Francis Murphy,
also a prisoner, spoke proudly of the ESP Chess
Club and told me that the chess players are respected
and considered the “‘intellectuals’” of the prison com-
munity. I reminded him that chess devotees come
from all walks of life and that probably the majority of
the U.S. Chess Federation members are not college
graduates. In each issue of the EASTERN ECHO,
there is a feature entitled “‘Chess News.” This fea-
ture, written by Marty Pearson, contains analyses of
games along with news.
