---
id: "107"
title: "Themes and Variations"
author: "Chandler, Selvian R."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Themes
And
Variations

by Selvian R. Chandler

A musical organization is based, primarily, on
the members contained therein. Therefore it is a
necessity for all persons who are a part of a musical
family to be interested in the upkeep and success
of their group. There can be no hap-hazard or half-
hearted attitude if the group is to be a success and
remain so. There must be at all times a love for
music and a continued drive to gain the utmost from
the instrument as well as from the compositions
played. A layman may say, ‘‘Oh well, music is all
right, but I can take it or leave it.’’ This can never
work for the practicing or performing musician;
whether he be professional, or one just beginning to
learn an instrument, or one just proficient enough
to work with a band or orchestra.

It is the purpose, I believe, of the musical pro-
gram of the Hastern State Penitentiary not only to
entertain the men incarcerated herein, and the per-
sonnel on the occasion of outside concerts, but to
direct those who have aspirations of becoming mu-
sicians. To do this, as in any other field, there must
be material to work with. With the men now in the
organization, which totals some 36 odd, it does not
have to be a problem. For these men, no doubt, are
definitely interested in becoming musicians, or it
is doubtful if they’d be participating in the activity.
If a concrete example of interest may be shown, at-
tention is called to a man who about eight months
ago had never played an instrument or studied music
to any degree where he could play. This man be-
came interested in music and asked to participate
in the musical organization. He was given a bass
violin and today is a member of the Concert Band.
It is a fact that he studies constantly, and practices
on any occasion that he can fit his bass fiddle into.
It is believed that he takes his instrument on the
job with him. And this is definitely not meant to
be a witticism. He takes pride in his instrument
and desires to master it to the best of his ability.
Should everything continue to progress as it has in
the last eight months, then James Johnson, better
known as ‘‘Bishop’’ or ‘‘Bish’’ will someday be a
good musician. So can anyone else who will apply
himself to studying and practicing. It is not some-
thing that one can do and no one else can.

New horizons are beckoning to the musicians
of this institution. And it is sincerely hoped that
all of them will be prepared when the time comes for
a show of talent. Potentially we have a fine organi-
zation here, therefore its potentialities can be culti-
vated and channeled correctly. The band has shown
ability in the past and it will no doubt do it again;
this time, it is hoped, better than the last, whereby it
will show progress has been made.

DANCE BAND ACTIVITIES

A few changes are evident in the Dance Band
as of the time we went to press. ‘‘Juice’’, Harry
Cohen by true name, is playing 3rd trumpet with
the group. ‘‘Hillbilly’’ is back on guitar, filling the
chair of William Moore, whom we knew as ‘‘Porky’’.
‘‘Porky’”’ left us to play under less restricted cir-
cumstances; to wit, the street. While speaking of
this fine musician, I would like to say that he per-
formed wonderfully with the dance band while here
and was a definite asset. Not only was he a fine
guitar man, but played very fine piano as well. We
shall wish him every continued success in his en-
deavor on the ‘‘outside’’. Good luck and best wish-
es from all of us, "Porky".

Also, we have George Makin on alto sax. This
guy has made the rounds as a musician and is help-
ing the cats in the reed section to continue swinging.
He’s blowing nice horn. Freddie Williams is hold-
ing down a spot in the trombone section of the
Dance Band with his valve trombone. He is a new
addition, having never played trombone before; he
came in after about four days of practice and played
a rehearsal with the boys. No miracle, for he plays
euphonium (baritone horn) in the Concert Band
and these two instruments are fingered relatively
same. Yet, he is to be, I believe, commended.

My illustrious predecessor, Al Raszkiewiez, who
plays Bari sax with the cats, is playing a nice horn.
He puts something into that horn that makes it a
pleasure to listen to. Especially on numbers such
as “‘Cooks Tour’’ and C’est La Vie’’. Keep swing-
ing Raski !

Before press time it was believed that a show for
the population would be held some time in November.
We went to press before the show was presented ; but,
with the arrangements that were being made at that
time, it should have been a whaler. As of now, no
doubt, you know if it was a lemon or an orange.
Trust it was the latter, for it appears that the men
go for these shows and the best should always be
theirs.

As the saying is in Show Biz, ‘‘ Always satisfy
the paying customers’’.

SUGGESTIONS

For all you cats that dig the cool and solid
sounds of our time, Jazz ’56 is still a presentation of
WRCV on Friday nights at 9:00 P.M. The time
may vary due to all the hubbub of an election year,
but more often than not you can pick it up. Then
there is the Eddie Newman show on WIP on Satur-
day evenings, after the football game, if there is one.
He often plays some modern sounds that are all right.
Then, too, there is MONITOR, that takes you places
and shows you things. Frequently jazz artists are
featured on this program and they say a lot, rather
often. For those with insomnia, there is Reddy’s
Roost on WIP each morning at 3:00 A.M. until 4:00
A.M.; there you can hear some good sounds, too.

For those of you who go for the classics, as I
do, watch your newspaper for station and time. It
is forbidden under dire penalties to say more in the
jazz section.
