---
id: "1070"
title: "Profile"
author: "ECHO Staff Writer"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0018.jpg"
tags: "profile"
layout: "item"
---
PROFILE
by an ECHO Staff Writer

Eighteen years ago, in December 1947, three months
after being discharged honorably from the U. S. Army,
Harry R. Zietz was sent to prison on a charge of first
degree murder. Nine of those years were under the
dealth penalty....and each and every day was spent in
solitary confinement. Of this time, five and one-half
spent on ““death row’ at Rockview State Correctional
Institution. The usual stay on death row is only a few
days.

While there he witnessed, by senses other than
sight, apout twenty executions and was within the clut-
ches of the electric chair on twenty-eight different oc-
casions; being as close to death as three hours....one
hour....twenty-five minutes. These encounters with
death exhausted Zietz both physically and mentally.

The thoughts of the throes of death on each and ev-
ery one of those twenty-eight breath taking moments
were not only shared by Zietz but by his mother and
father, whose health over the years declined rapidly,
They “‘died’ each and every time their son was sched-
uled for execution. His father, who bore the strain of
this for eight years, died of a cerebral hemorrhage in
1956. More agonizing than impending death was Harry’s
feeling of being indirectly responsible for death of his
father, and for his direct responsibility for the anguish
caused his beloved mother and family as well as the
family of the man who was killed.

Despite the many years of suffering and torment, he
never felt-bitter towards anyone because he firmly be-
lieves and has long recognized that this experience re-
sulted in personality maturation. He acknowledges his
responsibility for the death of another man, and he re-
grets his part in the crime. This permutation all hap-
pened within a span of five days—first five days on
death row!

The only literature which he was permitted to have
was that dealing with religion. It served as a great
counselor and inspirator. It caused him to respect the
meaning of prayer and the need for its employ. Besides
this literature prison chaplains, members of his family,
and the guard on duty, Harry had no contact with the
outside world. As the days passed by, he developed a
strong desire to gain knowledge. The chaplains sup-
plied him with textbooks on various subject. Because
of this, learning and studying became a deep-rooted ap-
petite. The greatest portion of each day was devoted
to studying. Here is a man who has made maturity and
intelligence his newly acquired companions, casting
off immaturity and irresponsipility, which were his com-
panions when he entered death row!

Harry Zietz’s life was spared!

His sentence was commuted to “life.’’ His work
did not go in vain. He learned a great deal about the
importance of living from the literature, the textbooks,
the chaplains, and from the members of his family. By
the time his sentence was reduced to life, he taught
himself an equivalent of two years of college. There
is no school record showing that he had completed high
school before being incarcerated.

Zietz has been at this institution for over eight
years. During those years he has earned high school
and typing diplomas. He has completed one year of
accounting, earning three college credits through Penn-
State University’s Correspondence Instruction Depart-
ment.

Vocationally, Zietz has-done equally well.
over three years he was clerk to Dr. Michael Morello,
former Director of Treatment. This is considered to be
a trusted position for an inmate. He is also a member
of the Chess Club, and he holds a Class-A Pennsy]l-
vania Projectionist’s License. Some years ago
Zietz was classified minimum security and is now as-
signed as an outside trustee here at this institution.

Mental health played a big role in Zietz’s dramatic
life. Even though he believed that this program was
not of his immediate need, he participated it in, never-
theless. Attending individual therapy and completing a
Mental Health Lecture Series, started him on the road to
becoming more interested in developing his personality.

Harry Zietz is—and always has been—an all around
sportsmen, sports organizer, manager, coach and play-
er. His sportsmenship does not begin and end on the
field or court; it’s. permeated thoughout his personality.
Even professional people knew Zietz Well. Two insti-
tution officials have written very well of his character.
They are Dr. Morello and William J. Banmiller, former
Superintendent. For future possible admission to Brad-
ley University, Dr. Morello had written to a University
official:

"Mr. Zietz is a very sincere individual who has ac-
tively entered into our rehabilitative program at this insti-
tution. He has a healthy personality and has demonstrated
stability during his period of incarceration. He actively
participates in our educational program and received a high
school diploma...His request for information in regards to
admission to Bradley University is an indication of his ma-
turity and planning for the future. I would recommend you
further his hopes by granting his request...”

Wm. J. Banmiller had written to the same official:

“There is very little I can add to Dr. Morello’s letter of
Spetember 24, 1959, regarding Mr. Zietz’s release from pri-
son and his achievements here since he has been confined.
As pointed out, Mr. Zietz is a very sincere young man and
has earnestly participated in our rehabilitation program as
outlined. I share Dr. Morello’s views on this man as I know
him personally. If you were to see this young man, you
would hardly conceive that he is a prisoner, as he is a nice
looking, healthy individual, the type one would see on a
college campus...."

Zietz has been confined, intermittently, to this in-
stitution since the beginning of 1956. For the preceed-
ing three and one-half years, he has been clerking for
the Chief Maintenance Engineer, Captain Joseph Roach.
He does all the accounting and bookkeeping work for
the maintenance department. All of Zietz’s spare time
is being put to use as a manual laborer and trustee
working outside of the walls. In addition, he is kept
occupied in sports events. The outside detail assign-
ment has enabled him to be a stone mason and pointer.

This entire tragedy occurred when Zietz was only
eighteen years old. Harry Zietz is nearing the age of
thirty-seven at a time when most people his age are
thinking in terms of attending to their home and family
life; thinking in terms of furthering their careers and to
a respected social position. They are thinking in terms
of the welfare and the education of their offsprings and
tueir futures. The things in life that normal people
nope for, pray for, and strive for....have become his
most valued ambitions.

Zietz, never forgetting his aged mother always did
good deeds in order for his mother to take greater pride
in him. Never has she stopped loving her son; never
has she given up hope for him. Throughout the years
of her son’s incarceration, Mrs. Zietz has served as
his "torch of life,’’ always bringing illumination to her
son’s soul; peace to his mind; warmth to his heart and
smiles to his face.

From the thoughts and fears of death to the joys and
prosperity of life, one Harry R. Zietz has undergone a
a unigue experience! An experience thathas gone down
in the annals of Pennsylvania penal history as being
unprecedented!

Harry R. Zietz was chosen to die for his crime, but
lived to gain the respect and admiration of many people.

When he applies for a commutation of his: life sen-
tence in the coming months, we of the ECHO believe
he has earned favorable consideration.
