---
id: "1071"
title: "Health"
author: "WOODHOUSE, Larry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Health

by LARRY WOODHOUSE

Can you imagine “living’’ materials—half water,
half solids—that are, pound for pound stronger than
steel? They are called BONES and youhave more than
200 of them in your body.

Strong as they are, bones have always been among
the most frequently injured parts of the body—and their
treatment one of the oldest of medical assignments.
Often, bones of cavemen reveal fractures which—pre-
sumably with some crude assist—had mended. It is
claimed that the Egyptians made the first splints—
some 4500 years ago. Through the ages, everything
from animal bones to metal rods have been used as a
device to help hold the broken bone in place until it
knits. Today, through a recent development, we have
a new balloon-like splint (SEE PHOTO) that makes
first aid for broken bones much simpler and safer.

This new splint is made of nylon film and is not only
strong and tough, but has the great advantage of not
irritating the skin. This loose-fitting sleevelike de-
vice is quickly eased over a broken limb and then in-
flated by mouth. It can be placed directly over cloth-
ing and will not only protect against further injury, but
will keep the injured limb immobile until hospital
treatment is possible.

Why are adult bones more subject to fracture than
young ones? ‘The answer lies in the changes which
take place in the solid portions of the bones. Almost

70 percent of bone solids is made up of mineral salts
which make bones hard; about 30 percent consists of
white fibrous tissue which loses its elasticity as we
become older—and thus bones become more brittle.
Children’s bones can be likened to a green twig and
bending; adults’ bones are like a dry stick and break
easily.

Young bones are special in another way—there are
more of them! If you are average, you have 206 bones
—as an adult—now. You were born with at least nine
more; early in life, some of your separate spinal verte-
brae became fused—giving you 24 although you start-
ed with 33.

There are but a few differences in the bone struc-
ture of the male and female. A woman’s skull is re-
latively longer than a man’s; her neck is shorter but,
her torso accounts for a greater proportion of her body
height—so that a seated woman is relatively taller
than a seated man. A woman’s thumb is shorter than
a man’s but her index finger is longer and her wrist
swivels with more ease—explaining why she has more
manual dexterity than her “‘all-thumbs’’ mate!

It is senseless to call anyone a “bonehead.’’ The
body’s structure, from head to foot, is a miracle of pre-
cision bone engineering and production—so, don’t
knock it! In the fraction of a second that it takes to
read the word ‘‘bone’’——the marrow in your bones has
produced more than 1,000,000 red blood cells. Cell
production is but one of the little-known jobs of your
bones. In effect, bones are both factories and ware-
houses, storing fats, proteins and other nutritive ele-
ments.

Your bones range in size from the stapes to the
femur. The stapes, an earbone, is but 3 millimeters
long; the femur, or thigh bone, makes up about 27% per
cent of your entire height—for example, a six-foot tall
man would have a femur that measures almost 20 in-
ches.

To perform their main job—providing a framework
for the body—bones are constructed to give the great-
est possible strength for their size and weight. The
long bones of the arm and leg are hollow; why? Ask
an architect and he will tell you that a hollow column
is stronger than a solid one of equal weight.

Bonewise, we humans are miraculously made but
very few of us will ward off a broken bone between
birth and the grave. Statistics tell us that more bones
are broken by falls in THE HOME than by any other
way—that would surely be a wonderful experience—
may we all soon enjoy “A break’ like this— At Home!
