---
id: "1074"
title: "Andrews Ordered to Army Duty"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Andrews Ordered To Army Duty

Anthony J. Andrews, Senior Psychologist at
SCIPHA, has received orders from The Surgeon Gen-
eral of the U. S. Army, to report for two year’s active
duty as a first lieutenant in the medical service corps.
He will report to Fort Sam Houston, Texas, on Janu-
ary 4, 1966 to undergo a two month orientation course
preparatory to permanent assignment.

Four years ago, Mr. Andrews held a commission in
artillery, but later transferred to his present reserve
branch by virtue of his professional status.

His employment here will terminate as of Decem-
ber 24, 1965 after 3% years of service. Prior to that
time, he served as a psychological research special-
ist at Temple University Hospital, psychometrist at
the Philadelphia House of Correction, and as a coun-
selor with the Jewish Family Service.

A graduate of North Catholic High School, Andrews
earned a bachelorof arts degree in general psychology
from LaSalle College in 1961. He did graduate study
in clinical psychology at Temple University, and will
receive a master of science degree in general experi-
mental psychology from Villanova University this
year. While in college, he minored in philosophy and
has been doing advanced graduate study at Villanova.

Mr. Andrews is a member of the American Con-
eress of Corrections; associate member, American
Psychological Association, and a member of the
LaSalle College Alumni Association.

When asked what he thought about entering military
service, he replied: “I’m looking forward to this
from a positive standpoint. I think it will be a good
experience.” He also said that he was hoping to se-
cure extensive professional training in correction
work while on active duty, indicating that there is a
possibility of being assigned to the type of work he
has been doing at this institution.

With regards to the future, he said that he would
like to return to employment in the Bureau of Correc-
tion upon completion of active military service. He
will also consider extended active duty beyond the
required two years, if there is definite opportunity for
professional advancement and training.

Mr. Andrews is married and resides with his wife
in Philadelphia. Mrs. Andrews will travel with him
to Texas.

(We wish to extend to Mr. Andrews our very best
wishes for success as he encounters this new exper-
ience.) —Ed.
