---
id: "1078"
title: "New Parole Board Members"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
New Parole Board Member

William F. Butler was
appointed a member of
the Pennsylvania Board
of Parole on December
31, 1964 by Governor
William W. Scranton.

Mr. Butler, 62, a native
of Washington, Pa., is
the son of the late Attor-
ney and Mrs. William N.
Butler. He was educated
in the Beaver Public
school and graduated from Geneva College, Beaver
Falls, Pa., in 1928, with a bachelor of arts degree, and
in 1931 from Howard University School of Law, Wash-
ington, D. C., with the degree of bachelor of laws.

Following his graduation from law school, Mr. Butler
served as law clerk to the late Honorable John C.
Asbury of Philadelphia, the first Negro member of the
Legislature. Later, he returned to Beaver County
where he became assistant youth adviser and teacher
under the NYA and the WPA education and recreation
programs. He was later named Recording Secretary of
the Beaver County Civil Defense, and in 1942 was ap-
pointed Clerk in the County Voter Registration Office.

In 1948, Mr. Butler was appointed by the Beaver
County Courts as Associate Juvenile and Adult Pro-
bation Officer, a position he held until appointed to
the Board of Parole.

Mr. Butler is a member and Chairman of the Board
of Trustees of St. John A.M.E. Church, West Budge-
water, Pennsylvania; Past Master of King Solomon
Lodge Number 78, Prince Hall Masons, New Brighton,
Pennsylvania; Past Exalted Ruler, Brighton Pioneer
Lodge of Elks (B.P.O.E. of W.), Beaver Falls, Secre-
tary-Treasurer of the Geneva College Alumini Letter-
men’s Club; First Vice-President of the Pennsylvania
Association on Probation, Parole and Correction; mem-
ber of the N.A.A.C.P. and the Alpha Phi Alpha Frater-
nity.

Mr. Butler is married to the former Azalia I. Lewis
and resides in Beaver, Pennsylvania.
