---
id: "108"
title: "The Thoughts of Harry W. Johnson"
author: "Johnson, Harry W."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0019.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
The Thoughts of Harry W. Johnson

COPYRIGHTED 1956 by HARRY JOHNSON


OH, WHY?

For you, my love, my arms so yearn,
But alas! for you there’s no return!
My heart is sad and in grief I ery,
Why did you go, my love, oh, why?

Never again will I see your smile
That made life a joy and so worth while.
My heart is sad and in grief I ery,
Why did you go, my love, oh, why?

My lips are cold, no more will I kiss,
‘Tis yours, my darling, that I so miss;
I miss them-.so, that in grief I ery,
Why did you go, my love, oh, why?

Your lovely eyes that charmed me so,
Their lustrous beauty and pensive glow,
Are closed forever and in grief I ery,
Why did you go, my love, oh, why?

JEALOUS WOMAN

Lurking in the depths
of her hazel eyes
are scintillating pools of adoration,
and her ruby lips
are deep reservoirs of ecstasy,
and the hollow of her breasts
the valley
of sweet forgetfulness ;
but in a moment her lips
become frigid and unyielding
to the swift caress
of my lips;
her eyes become seething, 
tempestuous pools of fury,
and she, a fiery goddess
wielding the sword of jealousy,
bent on splitting my heart
with one cruel stroke
of the blade.

YOUTH’S LOST YESTERDAY

When I look upon an aged man, his wrinkled face
and low bowed head of grey,

I never think of ridicule, for I myself
walk the beaten path he traveled every day.

And if I mimic his slow and arduous walk,
his bent and weary frame,

I heap only contempt on my own dull head
and drive my soul to shame;

And to laugh at his broken, faltering speech
when he tries to have his say,

Is to laugh at myself in the broken glass
of youth’s lost yesterday.

So I say to the young. . .and I plead they list:
have respect for the aged man, his wrinkled face
and low bowed head of grey,

For someday. . .you too will have to look .
in the broken glass

of youth’s lost yesterday.

RAMPARTS OF THE UNIVERSE

The luminous form of day, a gray mist
clouding its azure eyes,
stepped wearily across the earth’s heaving breast
to the purple rim of the horizon;
and with a last despondent look
upon the earth’s fading erest, sighed wistfully,
fluttered briefly its translucent gown,
now tinged with the tantalizing colors
of the setting sun,
and slipped quietly through the portal of time
and into the mystic cavern of infinity,
there to retire, (so I believe) in the tender arms
of sweet serenity ...

Night hovering beneath the celestial arch
on the friendly wings of a deep silence,
slowly descended and enfolded the earth
with velvety arms;
gray shadows absorbed the illusions of the day,
and the vibrations of humanity
subsided to soft murmurs
on the transitory stage of life...

Stars glittered and danced across the sky
with the luminosity and zeal of souls
gathered round the palatial throne of love;
and the moon, rotating in the sacred realm of purity,
smiled benevolently, permeated the atmosphere
with silvery arms,
and delicately caressed the earth
with warmth and compassion
and filtered through the trees to weave gay pat-
terns
in the fluttering shadows of leaves
against the starlit gown of night;
strange night-birds sang their songs of love
no voice could emulate,
and silver-winged seraphs, gay conspirators
of the night, scattered star dust
over lucid streams, and sprinkled the earth
with tiny pearls of dew.

Wild flowers on nearby slopes filled the air
with a fragrant, invigorating scent,
and honeysuckles spread their charm
with a fragrance near divine.
The leaves on the trees softly caressed each other
and whispered strange mesmeric words of love,
and the surrounding hills,
silhouetted against night’s noble brow,
were as sentinels standing guard
on the ramparts of the Universe.
