---
id: "1082"
title: "News Entry... Arthur Bruno"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
NEWS ENTRY... Arthur Bruno

In the Winter 1964 issue of the Eastern Echo, it
was reported that a former Montgomery County Judge,
Morris Gerber, initiated habeas corpus proceedings for
one of our inmates, ARTHUR BRUNO.

At that time, a bulletin appeared in the ECHO, quot-
ing an article in the September 15, 1964 issue of the
Philadelphia Inquirer, which reported that Bruno was
granted a new trial.

We now report that Bruno’s sentence of 7% to 15
years, imposed in 1942 was voided by the court and
time served was credited to another sentence.

It is important to note that Judge Gerber “went to
bat" for Bruno because he was convinced that Bruno
was a truly rehabilitated man. This he did, in spite of
the fact that he sentenced Bruno himself while on the
bench.

In order to justify this faith, the former judge un-
doubtedly considered, after corresponding with Bruno,
that he was a repentant man; that he was a good risk
for release; that he had made some notable accomplish-
ments during his imprisonment.

"Art’’, as he is affectionately called by many
friends, encountered some serious adjustment problems
in his earlier years in prison; however, he finally re-
alized his plight—and the change began. This was re-
cognized by the Commissioner of Correction, Arthur T.
Prasse, in a letter addressed to Bruno on January 17,
1965, where his changed attitude was acknowledged.

This letter was one of the important incentives
which caused Bruno to continue his upward march.

Although, burdened by severe physical problems,
the loss of sight in one eye—as a result of an accident
in prison; the loss of hearing in one ear; and the re-
moval of 80 percent ofhis stomach—he was determined
to prove himself.

He was given an opportunity to demonstrate this re-
solution when he was given a job as janitor in Correc-
tional Industries. From this, he worked himself up to
his job as supply clerk for Correctional Industries at
this institution—a very trusted position.

That Bruno is ready for release is evinced by a
unanimous parole recommendation by the institution
staff board... and by the former Judge Gerber’s letters
to the chairman of the Board of Parole. An excerpt of
what the honorable judge said follows:

"... I took an interest in Arthur Bruno and
corresponded with him reasonably and _fre-
quently... Over the years I have noted a tre-
mendous change in his attitude—and all for
the good...If there is anything further that
I could do. to help reconstruct the life of
ARTHUR BRUNO, please know that I would
gladly cooperate...”

Here is evidence of human sacrifice... human under-
standing...and recognition of accomplishment... and
that which can be achieved because somebody cares
and helps!

We wish Bruno good furtune in securing a favorable
parole decision—and we wish Mr. Gerber every wish
for his future prosperity, because he reached down to
pull somebody up.
