---
id: "1086"
title: "Spiritual Growth"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. Nathaniel L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Spiritual Growth

Rev. Nathaniel Williams

Spiritual growth will be in proportion to the attitude
we hold in relation to the Word of God.

Our Lord Jesus said very significantly, “Take Heed
what ye hear.’’ That is to say, how ye hear. Socrates
has said there is an eloquence of the lip and an elo-
quence of the ear. It is the eloquence of the ear that
is needed, giving attention to what God says, that this
word may enter deeply and germinatingly the heart.
But it must be a hearing that is prompt and inspired by
faith. All the failures of Isreal was due to the fact
that “the Word preached unto them did not profit, not
being mixed with faith in them that heard it.’’ I
dare say that each of my readers at one time or another
have had the Word preached to them but so many have
not heard it because there has been a lack of faith in
the Divine.

I am reminded of a young man walking across the
narrow path that had been bridged for one’s safety, from
falling into a deep chasm. Somehow the young man
took his mind off the journey he had pursued. He tripp-
ed and lost his balance, plunging into the deep, dark
pit. Without help, it was obvious to him that his trying
to get out was useless. But he knew with the help of
God that someone would come along and give him a
helping hand. From his long journey, he was exhaust-
ed; so exhausted that he fell asleep. Passersby could
not see nor hear him; thus the young man stayed in the
pit until he woke up. He, then, called for help. Some-
one heard his cry and came to his rescue.

Many people today have fallen over a deep cleft and
have not bothered to ask for Divine strength. God does
not condemn man for stumbling or falling. But he looks
down upon those who stobbornly remain at the bottom
of the chasm, to the point that the weakling falls asleep.
No; God does not interfere with those who do not call
for His help. This stumbling one or falling one does
not ask for—nor does he get any. He has brought on
his own condemnation.

Spiritual growth is...giving...asking...and receiving.
Spiritual growth is necessary, as is all types of growth
necessary for evidence of life—evidence to ourselves
and evidence to others—that we are alive for a purpose.
Spiritual growth can be maintained only by and through
the Word of God!

As we need norishment for the body to grow physi-
cally, likewise, we need God’s Word to grow spiritual-
ly. As we need to study inorder that the mind may
grow; so, too, do we need to worship God inorder to
grow spiritually.

There is only one way out ofthis deep and dark pit-
and one way to stay out. Grow out spiritually.
