---
id: "1087"
title: "Freedom"
author: "Barnes, Rev. Sidney E. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Freedom

Rev. S. E. Barnes

‘‘Freedom” is a popular word among inhabitants of
all prisons. All who are incarcerated in this place
look forward to their freedom—they seek it, hope for
it, “go along with the program for it, petition the courts
for it. “Freedom” in this sense is the opposite of im-
prisonment. It is the freedom to come and go as one
pleases, to be free to move about as one chooses.
This kind of freedom refers to the unrestricted move-
ment of the body. It is physical freedom.

Yet, there is another, more important kind of free-
dom. We refer not to the physical freedom of the body,
but rather to a psychological—spiritual kind of freedom
—a freedom of one’s mind and spirit from bondage or
enslavement.

In this sense a man can be imprisoned within high
walls and yet be “free’’ in mind and spirit (cf. the
Apostle Paul “praying and singing’’ in prison- Acts
16:25). On the other hand, a man can be ‘‘free
in the world and still be a prisoner of his own lust and
greed; or prisoner to the unconscious, vaguely under-
stood emotions that drive him.

This is not double-talk. It is all too commonto see
an inmate serve years of time impatiently waiting for
that time when he will be physically free to go through
the front gate. This inmate receives his long—awaited
physical freedom—goes out—and all to soon runs afoul
of the law or his parole rules and subsequently is re-
turned to prison and “unfreedom” again. The question
is: Was he ever really free?

Look at it this way. Bars of hostility, bitterness,
resentment, unbridled lust and greed imprison men as
do bars of steel and high, stone walls. Jesus said,
‘‘....Every one who commits sin is a slave to sin”’
(John 8:34). The most important question of life, then
is the religious question: How to be freed from these
forces that hold us in spiritual—emotional bondage?

Jesus said: ‘‘If you continue in my word, you are
truly my disciples, and you will know the truth, and
the truth will make you free.’’ This truth which makes
us free is found most fully in Jesus who identified
Himself as The Truth, The Way, The Life. In Him we
truly come to know our own deeper selves—our weak-
nesses and our needs. As Dr. H. Park Tucker, Chap-
lain at Atlanta Penitentiary, puts it: “‘Men who have
found God through his Living Word are free. When
prisoners have found God, His guiding presence pierces
the gray specter of meaninglessness and gives to them
a new sense of dignity, purpose, and hope. When a
man has found God and commited his life to His will
and purposes, he shall walk in freedom—even if he
walks within prison walls.”
