---
id: "109"
title: "Inside Sports Shorts"
author: "Poltorak, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0020.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
INSIDE SPORTS SHORTS
by STEVE POLTORAK

The Football season slid underway on a striped
day. The stripes on the flag, the white stripes on
the field, and even the spectators were adorned 1n
fashionable stripes. The Football scene had a
strangle hold, but the World Series had a half-
Nelson, and Basketball was also tugging at the at-
tention and interest of sports fans.

LITTLE BILLY WRIGHT: Rookie on the light-
weight Reds showed up on the local Football scene
looking more like a scholar than a football player,
but his play at left tackle soon turned the skeptical
looks to clapping hooks. By the way: Billy spelled
backward is Yllib.

RICHIE RICHARDSON: Playing right tackle and
roving ambassador, thinks a Split-T is a steak cut
in half.

ATTENTION COMMISSARY & HOBBY SHOPS:
Born in the fertile brain of Hank (the Tank) Myers,
Assistant Sports Editor, is an idea to sell advertising
space on the sports page.

JOHNNY LONG: Newcomer alternating at tackle
and guard is our early choice for Rookie of the Year.

THREE STRAIGHT SCORELESS GAMES: After
seeing the third straight scoreless football game, I
pushed the plug of my earphone set into the radiator
and heard this message: ‘‘Gap-Gap Flying Saucer
No. 9846 gaping at you. We have been observing an
odd series of maneuvers at an exclusive walled-off
section of Cherry Hill. Twenty-two humanoids,
eleven on each side, with each side wearing con-
trasting colors and both sides wearing space helmets,
have been carrying an oval shaped animal skin filled
with a quantity of nothing, back and forth on a field
in the most violent and strenuous manner imaginable.
Neither side could reach the last line on the other
side. Gap-Gap, our engineer, thinks they are road
testing girdles. Gap-Gap, could this be a game?
Gaping off.’’

STEWART: Came through the first game with
flying colors.....he got a purple eye. He is telling
cronies he fell out of a scrapple tree.

ATTENTION SPORTS EDITORS: J. E. ‘‘Bud’’
King—Recount, Colorado; Sports Editor—Agenda,
Washington, courtesy of Mr. R. A. Freeman,
Director of Education; and John DeBellis—San
Quentin News, California: Your contributions on
College Football were very well received here. All
I heard was nice noises and compliments. You have
added a continental air and a touch of class to our
sports pages and we hope to do it again, soon.
