---
id: "1092"
title: "Storehouse League"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
STOREHOUSE LEAGUE
by
EDDIE SCOLERI

“Hey!’’ Hold up that game!
I’ve got a protest! Don’t argue
with that umpire! He’s crazy!

Such shouted exclamations,
sounding every bit like orders,
were heard by the players of
the Storehouse League through
the first half of the Little Lea-
gue baseball season. The two
players who were noted for
shouting remarks like these—
and to say nothing of the many
more like them—were 3ob‘ King’
Kingsley and Sam Williams.
Both of the Mets. Both of the
top team.

Besides Kingsley and
Williams, other players of the
Mets were: Graham, Bedding,
Holmes, Canlin, Porter, 'lullman, 3ariow:
and Quigley.

The Phillies finished as the runner-up
Besides "T. Z.’’ Brumskill and
Benny ‘‘The Bum,” the other players
were Harris ‘‘Trigger’’, ‘‘Pee-Wee’’,
Wade, Morgan, Quick, Dick Junes Hollo-
well, and Walt.

What fun would there be on the Store-
house League if the players never en-
gaged in hot rhubarbs? Very little, if
any. Yet, these heated arguments oc-
curred in every game throughout the first
half of the season. And who were the
chief instigators? Well, just to mention
a few: Brown, Kingsley, Williams,
Benny and Brumskill.

The umpires, however, remained cool
and calm through all these rhubarbs. Is
this typical of the Storehouse League?
Yes. That’s the big drawing card for
the League.

The Mets came out on top, with an
18—11 record. Their manage-
ment and star players which
are responsible and credited for
leading them to the pennant
were: Fobert ‘‘Coaches Box’’
Weeks, Robert ‘‘Slow Draw’’
Kingsley and Sam “Strike-out
king’’ Williams. For example,
if Sam Williams goes to bat fif-
teen times, he strikes out in
fourteen of them. And the other
one, the fifteenth, is a walk!
Despite this, he stands out as
main one who led his team to
the pennant. (This bit of infor-
mation comes from a reliable
source, like the manager of the
team).

To get back to our second
place winner, the Phillies. The Phillies
closed out the first-half with a near
break-even record (15-14). ‘‘T. Z.’’ is
credited for leading his team to a bid for
the pennant, and is looked upon as be-
ing an all-aroung player. Some of the
positions he played were shortstop, first
base, second base, third base, pitcher,
catcher....to say nothing of ‘umpiring’
in each game. Versatile? You Bet.
Wouldn’t you say so?

The Lynx, with an exact break-even
record (14—14), took third place. The
outstanding players were J. “Smiley”’
Knowles and Fred ‘‘Good’’ Goodman.
Goodman was a Star fielder; he was also
a squawker, but he’ll get over that in a
matter of time.

In last place came the Yankees, the
old faithfuls, who closed out the first
half with a 10—18 record. Their all,
around star player was Harry Binns, an
outstanding hitter and fielder. Other
players who deserve to be mentioned are
Richard ‘‘Tuba*’ Keyes and Steve “1
need a player’’ Wilson.

Well, there’s your standing for the
first half of the baseball season, as
played by the Storehouse League. It
was a fine season. There was plenty of
fun and excitement. Congrats go to
the Mets—and the rest of the League—for
keeping the ball flying.

Official Standing    Storehouse League
| TEAM    | PLAYED | WON | LOST | PERCENTAGE |
| METS    | 28     | 17  | 11   | .607       |
| PHILS   | 29     | 15  | 14   | .517       |
| LYNX    | 28     | 14  | 14   | .500       |
| YANKEES | 27     | 10  | 17   | .370       |
