---
id: "1093"
title: "Softball"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SOFTBALL

FIRST HALF — FIRST PLACE CAPTURED BY THE “DODGERS”’ 4 5

“Noisy Baker has finally whipped-up a winning com-
bination. The Dodger’s fine battery, Massanova and Rice,
was the primary factor for their excellent showing in the
first-half of the season. Even if. this team does not take
the second-half (and they are determined to), they will be a
tough competitor in the seven-game series playoff for the
flag.

Baker, calling all the shots, strengthened his team as
the season progressed. The acquisition of Negri, Clark
and Milligan added depthand stability. Morales and ‘‘Spike”
played better ball than ever. Juan’s record speaks for it-
self—but not nearly as much as those line-drives he explod-
ed in every direction! Late-comers Bedford, Allen and Shep,
proved to be quite necessary and helpful when called upon.

One thing for sure, if the Dodgers were lacking in any-
thing, it certainly wasn’t Spirit! They had more of it than
the 2500 year-old brewmaster! All things considered, the
one standout factor—absolutely necessary to winning in this
league, where 75% of the teams are nearly balanced in ta-
lent—is TEAM SPIRIT! And, ‘‘by cracky,’’ the Dodgers had
more of it than the others!

The Falcon’s owner and manager, Joe McNeair and
Pearson respectively, have voiced their firm conviction that
the Falcons were ‘‘bamboozled’’ out of winning the first-
half! The club lost a crucial game by forfeit on a night that
the majority of their team had to work in the Print Shop! On
another occasion disabled players forced themto forfeit ano-
ther game.

‘‘No-No” relied a little more on defense than heretofore,
but his knuckler was really moving! When Lefty pitched,
Scoleri moved to second-base and No-No to the hot corner;
Lefty pitched only about 75% as well as he could, due to
control trouble. Next season he will be a terror!

Norman, Carl and Zietz are easily the best outfielders in
the league. Why it is that Carl is the only one that has
been chosen for ‘‘Outside Games” is a mystery to me.
Norman and Zietz were big factors in every capacity for the
team.

‘‘Chief’’ was the strong man of the league. If the out-
fielders had played him any deeper, they would have been
clear off the field! Chief hits a softball as far as most base
ball players can pound a hardball! It is true that Brooks,
Barney and Hawkins were slightly off this season, but we
look for them to come alive in the second-half. Here, the

| DODGERS   | POS. | AB | H  | RBI | AVE. |
| Bedford   | RF   | 18 | 6  | 3   | .333 |
| Llanos    | 1B   | 71 | 23 | 11  | .324 |
| Massanova | P    | 71 | 22 | 10  | .310 |
| Rice      | C    | 76 | 23 | 8   | .303 |
| Spike     | 2B   | 53 | 14 | 8   | .264 |
| Milligan  | 3B   | 23 | 6  | 4   | .261 |
| Negri     | SS   | 36 | 9  | 6   | .250 |
| Lawson    | LF   | 68 | 16 | 5   | .235 |
| Morales   | SS   | 73 | 17 | 11  | .233 |
| Shep      | RF   | 20 | 4  | 3   | .200 |
| Allen     | CF   | 42 | 6  | 2   | .143 |

OWNER ... Jacob "Noisy Baker" Wright
MANAGER ... Juan Llanos
CAPTAIN ... William Rice

acquisition of Murphy will strengthen the Falcons.

One way or the other, nobody had "a" field day’? with the
Falcons—injuries or no! ‘‘G. I. Joe’’ has avered that he has
full confidence in this club and that they will take the
second-half and then go on and beat the Dodgers in the
Playoffs!

The Mustangs: Last year’s ‘‘MAN O’ WAR” is this year’s
“MULE’’—THE MUSTANGS! It is unfortunate that this club
has deteriorated into a maze of dissention and disorgani-
zation. Only two of their original players are left, Gerlach
and Horner. Their present roster bears no relationship to
their former list of fine ball players. They will have to fight
and improve in order to get baek into contention. 

It is only fair to mention some of their better points, as
to do otherwise, would be tantamount to kicking a “dead
horse"! Last years’ batting champ, ‘‘Chuck’’ Moses; gets
more walks than anyone else in the league and—with his
speed—is a natural in the lead-off spot. Bobby Gerlach’s
batting has improved greatly—and there is no question that
he is one of the better second basemen in this institution.
The expression, ‘‘He wears a golden glove!’’ is what they
say around here about Bobby; the “laws of magnetism’’ come
into play when a ball is hit anywhere near him! We state,
with deep regret, that Lou McCloud is no Longer with the
Mustangs. Kalvitis can still ‘‘cart wheel’’ with the best of
them; the peculiar thing about him is that he gets key hits
to safeguard his wins—just give him a few runs and he is
‘‘rejuvenated’’—although he is over fifty years old, he has
the strength and exuberance of one in their early twenties!

The other Mustang Hurler, Miketish, has risen to owner of
the club. Anybody that owns a team and tries to manage it
and also play at the same time, is strictly ‘‘mad’’; but Mike-
tish not only does this, but does it well!

All of us wish the Mustangs luck; they really need it!

The Braves. All baseball fans know that a championship
team must be strong through the middle—catcher, second and
short, and center-field. The Braves started the season with
a good, experienced catcher—Oliver Hayman; however, due to
his age, his efficiency fell off. The smooth working key-
stone combination of Murray Dickerson (shortstop) and Cle.
Brown (second baseman) was broken up when the latter suf-
fered a near-serious groin injury. However, although the cen-
ter was weakened because of the above handicaps, mainstays
like Dickerson at short and the brilliant centerfielder, Donald

| FALCONS  | POS | AB | H  | RBI | AVE. |
| Pearson  | CF  | 53 | 20 | 10  | .377 |
| Castalow | 1B  | 64 | 22 | 5   | .343 |
| Thorton  | LF  | 63 | 21 | 10  | .333 |
| "No-No"  | P   | 44 | 12 | 4   | .273 |
| Brooks   | C   | 26 | 7  | 1   | .269 |
| Zietz    | RF  | 76 | 20 | 6   | .263 |
| "Gun"    | 2B  | 72 | 19 | 6   | .263 |
| Scoleri  | 3B  | 70 | 18 | 14  | .257 |
| Barney   | C   | 35 | 6  | 6   | .171 |
| "Lefty"  | P   | 33 | 5  | 6   | .151 |
| Hawkins  | SS  | 76 | 8  | 0   | .105 |

OWNER ... J. McNeair
MANAGER ... Norman Pearson
CAPTAIN ... Dallas "Chief" Custalow

Stopper kept the club alive. Later on, with Donald at second
base and another newcomer, Tucker, at third—plus the great
pitching of “Shorty’’ Jordan and with the old reliable Rudy
at first—the Braves really gave every club a tough last two
weeks of the first-half!

The Braves must be reckoned with in the second-half.
Jordan is accustomed to pitching on championship teams; a
well-traveled and ‘‘much talked about’’ Dutch will replace
the old-pro Hayman; ‘‘Pete’’, a new utilityman, will streng-
then the club; plus the keystone combine of Dickerson and
Butler and along with leftfielder Zachery, Donald Stopper in
center and Tucker; and with Rudy still at first—this team
will be heard from! Their greatly improved defense and of-
fense in the last two weeks of the first half attests to this!

Handing out accolades, this Section of the Echo opines
that the Braves Jordan can be a starter for any team in the
league—that Dickerson has no equal at short—and that Donald
is becoming the best centerfielder here. Playing for another
tea, as I do, but passing on my honest opinion, ‘‘the Braves
will be tough!’’ “Good Luck, Braves!’’

| MUSTANGS      | POS.  | AB | H  | RBI | AVE. |
| W. Williams   | Inf.  | 20 | 8  | 2   | .400 |
| Jess. Murphy  | 3B    | 39 | 14 | 5   | .359 |
| Jimmy Huff    | LF    | 3  | 1  | 2   | .333 |
| Bobby Gerlack | 2B    | 72 | 19 | 8   | .264 |
| Lou McCloud   | RF    | 41 | 10 | 5   | .244 |
| Willie Fagan  | 1B    | 33 | 8  | 3   | .242 |
| Chuck Taylor  | SS    | 55 | 13 | 6   | .236 |
| G. Kalvitis   | P     | 33 | 7  | 3   | .212 |
| C. McCloud    | CF    | 51 | 10 | 2   | .196 |
| Wade Horner   | C     | 69 | 13 | 7   | .188 |
| Mac Miketish  | P     | 40 | 6  | 2   | .150 |

OWNER ... "Mac" Miketish
MANAGER ... "Mac" Miketish
CAPTAIN ...  "Mac" Miketish

| BRAVES    | POS. | AB | H  | RBI | AVE. |
| Wilson    | LF   | 10 | 4  | 2   | .400 |
| Smith     | RF   | 41 | 15 | 7   | .366 |
| Stopper   | CF   | 28 | 9  | 4   | .321 |
| Hayman    | C    | 26 | 7  | 5   | .269 |
| Tucker    | 3B   | 40 | 8  | 4   | .200 |
| Rudy      | 1B   | 61 | 12 | 6   | .197 |
| Brown     | 2B   | 16 | 3  | 1   | .188 |
| Dickerson | SS   | 55 | 10 | 5   | .188 |
| Butler    | 2B   | 32 | 4  | 4   | .125 |
| Jordan    | P    | —  | —  | —   | ———  |
| Dutch     | C    | —  | —  | —   | ———  |

OWNER ... Oliver Hayman
MANAGER ... "Shorty" Jordan
CAPTAIN ... —————

FLASH: THE SECOND HALF HAS JUST BEEN COMPLET-
ED AND THE TEAMS FINISHED IN EXACTLY THE SAME
ORDER AS THEIR FIRST HALF STANDING:

CHAMPION ... THE DODGERS
2nd. Place ... THE FALCONS
3rd. Place ... THE MUSTANGS
4th. Place ... THE BRAVES
