---
id: "1094"
title: "Football Resume 1965"
author: "KAY, Jay"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0033.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL RESUME 1965

by Jay Kay

The Dodgers Softball Team, Champions of all the E. S. P. (as
reported elsewhere in this issue) were scarcely afforded the opportun-
ity to pick up “all the marbles,” as it were, and retire gracefully from
the sport scene before the spotlight had focused on the various foot-
ball teams going through their respective paces in preparation for the
1965 season.

There are 3 teams this year, as follows: “Conquerors,” managed
by Johnny Lopes, coached by Orie Pascal and quarter-backed by
Calvin Milligan; “Red Devils,” managed by Leonard Massey, coached
by John Welty and quarter-backed by “Jumbo” Welty; Packers,
managed by Charles “Rocky” Negri, coached by Johnny “Lujack” K.
and quarter-backed by “roll-out” Zeitz.

The anticipation and enthusiasm of the fans generated by the
exciting brand of ball played in the 2 pre-season exhibition games,
has increased rather than diminished, particularly since the tempo of
the regular season play has more than lived up to expectations.

The score and a short resume of each game is reported here.
Complete coverage of all the teams, rosters, etc. will be found in
the Winter issue.

“Conquerors” 6, Packers 2, Sept. 18, 1965. This was a grueling
contest played on a blistering hot day. With both teams taking turns
at being “bridesmaids but never brides” it appeared almost certain
neither would score. But then the Packers mounted what turned out
to be the most frustating drive of the afternoon, with first and goal
on the “Conqueror” 2, a fumble ensued which somehow enabled the
Packers to garner their dubious 2 points. Subsequently the “Conquer-
ors” launched a most productive drive of their own and aided by an
interference call, scored from the 2 on a full-back plunge.

“Red Devils" 6, Packers 0, Sept. 25, 1965. Another see-saw
defensive battle typical of these two teams whenever they meet.
This game was decided by the fumble of a punt, which the “Devils”
recovered on the Packer 1 yard line, from which Teazy scored on a
1 yard plunge.

“Conquerors” 18, “Red Devils” 0, Oct. 3, 1965. The long awaited
power of the “Conquerors” was very much in evidence in this game.
The “Devils” were never really in this one except for two early goal-
line stands. Beautiful ball handling and clever picking apart of the
defense by Calvin Milligan, enabled Roosevelt to get loose on two
iong touchdown runs. Milligan scored the third t.d. himself. A very
impressive offensive display by the “Conquerors.”

Packers 2, “Conquerors” 0, Oct. 10, 1965. A bruising defensive
return engagement, in which both offensive teams were repeatedly
thwarted in their attempts to cross the opponent's goal line. The two
points the Packers garnered were as a result of a fumble into the
end zone which the “Conquerors” recovered, automatically resulting
in a safety.

Packers 19, “Red Devils’ 0, Oct. 17, 1965. The Packers vaunted
offense moved into high gear in this game. Newcomer Bob Delker
scored twice for the Packers, once on a fifteen yard pass, and once
on a twenty yard run with an intercepted pass. “Skippy” Seigrist
scored the other t.d. on a full-back plunge from six yards out. The
lone extra point was made on a “quick” pass to Delker. An altogether
satisfying victory for the Packer club, and fans alike.

“Conquerors” 25, “Red Devils’ 0, Oct. 24, 1965. Once again
the “Conquerors” put on an awesome display of offensive power,
scoring almost at will against a team that seemed to be completely
out of the contest except for the first quarter or so. Attempting to
play “catch-up” football, the ‘Devils’ threw 7 interceptions and
fumbled the ball away on 5 other occasions—making it virtually
impossible for them to win. There was a 40 yard pass play from
Milligan to “Brother Goodman; a 60 yard run from scrimmage by
Marvin Thompson; an 8 yard burst over the middle of the line by
Thompson, and a 4 yard slant by Goodman to wrap up the scoring.
Partisan “Conqueror” fans are still to be heard lauding their heros,
“oohing and ahing” the exceptionally fine showing.

All of which sets the stage for next week's attraction pitting the
fast-coming Packers against the high scoring “Conquerors.” Which
will play to a full house. 1! should have the ticket concession!

TEAM STANDINGS AS OF THIS DATE

“Conquerors” Won 3 Lost 1
Packers Won 2 Lost 2
“Red Devils” Won 1 Lost 3
