---
id: "1096"
title: "The Penal Press Exchange"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Baas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "2"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1965_body0035.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE PENAL PRESS EXCHANGE

by Mardious

THE SPECTATOR
Jackson, Michigan

The ECHO staff enjoys your paper very much, with
special emphasis on the “Night Keeper‘s Report.’’
We look forward to each issue.

THE MENTOR
South Walpole, Massachusetts

In our opinion, you have one of the best publica-
tions. Your reviews are excellent which is one of the
many reasons why we look forward to receiving every
issue.

PRESIDIO
Fort Madison, lowa

The article, “The Crime of Punishment,’’ by the
Honorable David L. Bazelon, was truly a masterpiece
of literature. In its structure are many fine points:
food for thought and insight into various problems.
Your publication is of great value to us. Keep up the
good work. You have an extremely fine publication
which we envy.

THE INSIDER
Washington, D. C.

Your publication is good, and we hope you keep it
coming. Incidentally, your March cover is great.

TIME AND TIED
D. C. Corrections

Your article, “A Glimmer of Hope for the Narcotic
Addict,”’ was well expressed. The progress explained
could be very beneficial if introduced at more institu-
tions. Be sure to watch for our group movement on
drug addiction in this issue.


THE CRITERION
Mansfield, Ohio

We anticipate every issue of your exciting weekly;
it’s compact....informative....very well edited.

THE PENDLETON REFLECTOR
Pendleton, indiana

We enjoyed your recent publication very much. Your
article, “‘The Parolee, A Product of Prison,’’ was very
well written and very well expressed. I am sure that
all of us can grasp a valuable lesson from its contents.

REFORMATORY PILLAR
St. Cloud, Minnesota

It was heartening to read in your issue of the
PILLAR of the choice that is now given to drug ad-
dicts hospital or prison. ‘This is a way to help the
drug addict. Look for the ““Drug Addict’’ in this issue.
We enjoy your paper very much. Your letter to the edi-
tor column is followed closely. Look for our next
issue.
