---
id: "11"
title: "Congratulations, Mr. B"
author: "CORVI, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CONGRATULATIONS, MR. B-

Bill Banmiller needs no introduction to the men
of this institution. During his brief stay here with
us he established himself in our minds and hearts
as The Senior Parole Officer and The Gentleman of
our time. His record of performance on his job
is still talked about as restoring inmate faith in
human nature: his representation of cases before
the Board of Pardons was painstakingly thorough
and conscientious; he spent endless hours correcting
mistakes in the interpretation and recording of sent-
ences; he initiated procedures to correct illegal
sentences through the courts, and at no expense to
the inmates involved. In one period of three weeks
duration, his former secretary reports Mr. B— sue-
ceeded in having 17 cases corrected, approximately
half of which number resulted in the men being
discharged, order of court; he secured commitment
time for literally hundreds of inmates as well as
dozens of Lifers who were often unaware of the
fact that they were entitled to such time; he succeed-
ed in having commitment time in cases of convicted
parole violators transferred from their back parole
time, where it used to be credited and where it
meant next to nothing to the inmates, to their new
bits, where such eredit really counts; he instituted
a technique in handling men which can best be
described as one of complete fairness and firmness.
Perhaps the best example of his sincerity can be
seen in the fact that we do not know of a single
instance where Banmiller lied to a man in discussing
his case or personal problems; through his own
vision and efforts, he expanded his job to its very
limits in offering concrete help, counsel and advice
to inmates on any matter, whether it was personal,
family, or legal; he had an ability for getting along
with his fellows, inmate and personnel, that reflect-
ed not only his 23 years experience in penal work,
but the character and personality of the man as
well. We say this record is unmatched and probably
will remain so for quite some time.

Mr. B— began his prison career at the Grater-
ford Penitentiary as Secretary to the Superintendent,
who at that time was Elmer HE. Lietheiser. From this
position, he rose to that of Institutional Secretary
and, finally, Deputy Warden. It was at this point
that he left Graterford to join us here at E. S. P.
as Senior Parole Officer for both E. S. P. and
Graterford. Here he remained until the time of
separation of our two institutions, when Mr. B—
chose to return to Graterford as Senior Parole
Officer, preferring that institution for its proximity
to his Norristown home.

Recently, — but a short time before the printing
of the Summer issue of EASTERN ECHO and, we
might add, too late for our press — Mr. B—received
an appointment to replace Angelo C. Cavell as
Director of Parole for the Bureau of Correction.
His new duties include supervising and coordinat-
‘ing the activities of the institutional parole offices
in the state penal institutions and acting as institu-
tional representative before the Pennsylvania Board
of Pardons on behalf of all those inmates not repre-
sented by attorneys.

It is a pleasure to have Mr. B—visiting with us
several times a month for interviewing purposes and
to know that from that end of things we are in good,
capable and caring hands wielded by as straight a
shooter as we know of. And this is not to take a
thing from Mr. Cavell who was the first Director
of Parole, and a good one.

But Mr. B—is Mr. B—. You know what we
mean. And if we were ever sure of anything in this
life, it is that all the inmates who ever had any
contact with Mr. B— do know exactly what
we mean.

Corvi — Heinemann
