---
id: "110"
title: "Football Panorama"
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0020.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL PANORAMA
by HENRY (HANK) MYERS

Under the quarterbacking of Stew and Buffalo,
the lightweight Red and Blue teams opened the
Gridiron season here at Cherry Hill. The little Reds,
although defeated, are to be commended for the fine
defense they put up against a veteran team carrying
some of the best running backs in the institution.
Stew, as was expected, did the lion’s share of ball
handling for the Reds, aided by Jameson who showed
his old spark at times. The Blues, however, domi-
nated the game and were at no time in jeopardy of
being upset. Felix Capone, Buffalo, and Billy
Hallowell displayed their usual pro ability and ate
up the yardage to make it a 12 to 0 score. All in
all it was a game well worth watching and all the
players are praised for their fine display of good
clean sportsmanship. This game had some historic
value in that it was the first inter-racial game in
many seasons at this institution. Another pulse beat
of history was Don Larsen pitching the perfect game
for the Yankees on this day.

OCTOBER 9th: Jameson, leading the lightweight
Reds, slugged it out with Irish’s Bluebirds today.
The Birds appeared to be the better organized club
and this gave them enough of an edge to slip by with
a 6 to O victory. Surprise of the day was the ball
carrying of Tommy for the Reds, a rookie with
plenty of promise; he captured the applause of the
spectators with his strong running.

OCTOBER 10th: The heavies unlimbered their big
guns this afternoon, as John O’Brien’s eleven met
head on with Buffalo’s Red Raiders. It was a rough,
tough, hard-fought battle all the way. The big lines
slugged it out up and down the field; the backs ran
hard and to good effect. Yet, rough as the game
proved to be, I have never seen its equal for clean
play. These are two inter-racial squads; and
here’s hoping that the big boys set the standard for
the type of playing we can look forward to this year.
The game ended 6 to 2 in favor of Obie’s Blue
Devils. But this is only the beginning of what looks
to be a great season. The Raiders are a good, solid
team and the Blue Devils will have to keep on their
toes to hold their lead.

OCTOBER 16th: Locked neck and neck in a fiercely
fought defensive battle, Obie’s Blue Devils retained
their undefeated record by holding the Red Raiders
scoreless in what proved to be a scoreless, tie game.
The Blue Devils threatened early in the game, but
an intercepted pass and a good kick by Chippello
got the Raiders out of a hole on their own ten-yard
line. Again, with minutes to play in the last
quarter, the Blue Devils moved within goal-to-go
territory, but the Raiders held and kept the game
scoreless. Both teams showed some new faces and,
along with their old hands, have bolstered their
strength, both in the backfield and line. Like the
preceeding game between these two teams, it was
as clean as it was hard-fought. In the two games
there was not the slightest evidence of dirty playing
—nice going fellows.

OCTOBER 24th: In another duel of the heavy-
weights, O’Brien’s Blue Devils again came out on
top. It was a real close one and the Red Raiders,
led by Collins, put up a real fight. A fake end-run
by Obie, who passed to Blackie in the end zone, re-
sulted in the only touchdown of the game. This was
only the second touchdown in three games by these
teams, a fact which must argue strongly for the
defensive ability of both squads.
