---
id: "1100"
title: "Table of Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
EASTERN ECHO
Volume 12   No. 2

Administration 

GOVERNOR 
WILLIAM W. SCRANTON

ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL 
EDWARD FRIEDMAN 

COMMISSIONER OF CORRECTION
ARTHUR T. PRASSE 

DEPUTY COMMISSIONER OF CORRECTION 
KENNETH E. TAYLOR, Ph.D. 

SUPERINTENDENT 
JOSEPH R. BRIERLEY

DIRECTOR OF TREATMENT SERVICES
DR. JOSEPH F. MAZURKIEWICZ 

DIRECTOR OF TREATMENT (SCIPHA)
JOSEPH P. MAHER 

DIRECTOR OF TREATMENT (EDCC) 
WILLIAM BERG 

GENERAL SUPERVISOR, C. I.
VETO A. IAVECCHIA

PRINTING INSTRUCTOR
ALFRED FRENCH, JR. 

Editorial Staff

EDITOR                     JOHN KLAUZENBERG
ASSOCIATE EDITOR           GEORGE M. SYNDER
ASST. EDITOR, PRODUCTION   STANLEY R. MOROZ 
NEWS EDITOR                  NORMAN PEARSON 
COPY EDITOR                  STERLING JAMES
ILLUSTRATOR                  S. R. CANTORAL 
ARTIST                      CALVIN MILLIGAN 
EDITOR, CHESS NEWS        MARTIN J. PEARSON
PHOTOGRAPHER                 WALTER STEPPER

PRINTING

TECHNICAL CONSULTANT        FREDERICK ADAMS
FLOOR SUPERVISOR       WILLIAM H. SCHAEFFER
LINOTYPE                      HAROLD FOSTER
COMPOSITION                    GALVIN CRISP
OFFSET PRESSMEN            STANLEY R. MOROZ
                             JOSEPH McNEAIR
IMPOSITION & LOCK-UP       FRANK MATYASEVIC
BINDERY                     CLEVELAND BROWN

Fall 1966

                CONTENTS
THE SUPERINTENDENT SPEAKS             3
ECHO’S 10th ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION   4
THE PRINT SHOP                        6
HISTORY OF THE EASTERN ECHO          14
A WORD FROM C. I. SUPERVISORS        16
PHILADELPHIA JAYCEES                 17
WHEN A FRIEND IS NEEDED              18
PEN-GRINS                            20
MAIL CALL MALADY                     22
PEOPLE COMPLAIN OF THE ODDEST THING  25
APPOINTMENT CONFIRMED                28
CONCERT BAND COMMENDED               28
IN MEMORIAM                          30
POETRY                               31
SO HERE I AM                         40

               DEPARTMENTS
EDITORIAL                             2
CHES NEWS                            26
SPORTS SECTION
   SOFTBALL CHAMPIONS, MAJOR LEAGUE  32
   1966 CUBAN LEAGUE                 33
   SOFTBALL CHAMPIONS, MINOR LEAGUE  34
   CHAMPIONSHIP FOOTBALL TEAM        35
   FOOTBALL WRAP-UP               36-37
   FIELD EVENTS, JULY 4th            38

THE EASTERN ECHO is published quarterly by the inmates of the
State Correctional Institution at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Editorials
represent the views of the magazine. Articles represent the views of
the author and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the magazine
staff, or those of Commonwealth officials.

PERMISSION will be granted for reproduction of any article upon
request. PERMISSION for reproduction of any article, by members of
the PENAL PRESS, is hereby given.
