---
id: "1101"
title: "Editorial...it's been"
author: "Haas, Jerry (Gerald J)"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial - - -
it’s been

Following publication of the Tenth Anniversary issue of Eastern Echo,
the magazine will be under the editorship of Bob Wallander and a new
editorial staff (see: so here i am, page ?). Barring the unforseen, I will have
departed this gray and brownstone “bastille” by the time the Tenth Anniver-
sary issue comes off the press. As I step aside, it seems appropriate to say:
It has been...

My association with the Echo and the incumbent staff members over the
past two years, has been richly rewarding. I am convinced my staff associates,
individually and collectively, are among the best that have ever served Echo.
Together we have faced, challenged, and, to some extent, resolved many of the
problems beseting Echo magazine. Some of the problems yielded to solution
only after laborious, time-consuming encounters. The effect of those encounters
upon the staff can be described as disheartening. The effect was temporary,
however. Through it all, the staff never lost faith. We now take some pride in
knowing that we have contributed to laying the groundwork upon which the
new editor and his staff can develop a reasonably viable, smoothly functioning
publication. Echo now has the potential to surpass present goals—goals which,
when looked back upon at some future date, may seem modest and quaint. I
would challenge the new editors, therefore, to strive to outdistance us!

I would further urge upon my successors the need to argue and debate
individual points of difference. Be open minded and objective. Listen, talk—
learn! True consensus can emerge only through the free exchange of ideas.
The result being that, as regards editorial policy, when you speak through the
magazine, it will be with one resounding voice. Policy arrived at through
eaucus should not be difficult to justify rationally and intelligently to the
official family.

As editor of the outgoing staff, I take full responsibility for errors in
judgment and tactics. In an operation dealing so intimately with human
frailty, perfection cannot and should not be expected. Recognition of failings
constitute, in my opinion, growth and progress.

Needless to say, it is impossible to please everyone. There will always
be that element of readers—inside and outside—who will disagree; their
words issuing from the entrance—or if you will—the exit of hollow drums.
Such frivolous responses should not be allowed to undermine your sense of
responsibility to the majority of inmates.

I would like to see the new staff develop some of the programs our
staff has been promoting and supporting. Some of these include: a) seeking
support from the Ford Foundation for a special two year penal press pilot
project. The American Foundation would be of vital assistance as our advocate
for this project with Ford. b) development of an enlarged circulation program,
soliciting subscriptions from lawyers, judges, public officials, doctors, business-
men; service, social, fraternal, civic and religious groups; c) improved public
relations and inter-institution relation programs.

It is important to encourage many more inmates to participate in Echo’s
program. But it is equally important to give inmates credit for that which
they do when they do it. Don’t be afraid to print many names in the magazine.

Best wishes, much luck and success!

G. J. Haas 
