---
id: "1103"
title: "The Eastern Echo: Tenth Anniversary Celebration, 1956-1966"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Considering the locale, it was a
great birthday party! The food (fillet
mignon, grilled to order, with all the
trimmings) and the speakers would
have been first class anywhere.

The Tenth Anniversary Banquet
of the Eastern Echo occurred in the
Officers’ Mess on the evening of Sep-
tember 20th, 1966. The principal
speaker was Mr. Donald Barnhouse,
the well-known news analyst of
Philadelphia’s Station WCAU-TYV.
Other featured speakers were Ken-
neth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner
for Treatment of the Bureau of Cor-
rection; Mr. Joseph Brierley, Super-
intendent of the State Correctional
Institution at Philadelphia; and Ger-
ald Jay Haas, Editor of the Eastern
Echo.

The guest list included Mrs. Carole
Woodward, Mr. Barnhouse’s secre-
tary; Dr. Joseph Mazurkiewicz, Di-
rector of Treatment Services for this
institution; Mr. Joseph P. Maher,
SCIPHA Director of Treatment; Mr.
William Berg, EDCC Director of
Treatment; a dozen more institution
employees; and approximately forty
inmates who were contributors to or
staff members of the Echo.

Dinner music—no kidding, in jail
yet!—-was provided by Mr. Robert
Barclay, Director of Music, and
Frederick Adams, Lennie Howard,
Bobby Lee, Al LaRue, John Klauzen-
berg, Richard Keys and William
Schoonmaker of the inmate band.
Father McHugh gave the invocation
and benediction. Joe Antoniewicz
and his assistants, under the super-
vision of Steward Broady, prepared
and served the dinner. (See photos
page 29)

Scene in the Officers’ Mess during the Eastern Echo’s 
Tenth Anniversary Banquet on September 20th, 1966. Dr. 
Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner of Correction is
addressing the audience; to his right at the speakers’ 
table are: Mr. Donald Barnhouse, news analyst from
Station WCAU-TV who was the principal speaker of the
evening; Mr. Joseph R. Brierley, Superintendent; Mrs.
Carole Woodward, Mr. Barnhouse’s secretary; and Dr.
Joseph Mazurkiewicz, Director of Treatment Services.

Jerry Haas, who then was about to
be paroled and was retiring as Edi-
tor, described the main events in the
Kcho’s ten years of membership in
the Penal Press. He spoke of the
many problems involved in publish-
ing an institutional magazine, and
the various projects then under con-
sideration. He said he had enjoyed
his tenure as Editor and expressed
his hopes for the Echo’s future.

Other inmate speakers were John
J. Klauzenberg, Associate Editor,
who described the magazine’s pro-
grams and ambitions; Stanley R.
Moroz, Assistant Editor-Production,
who discussed the Echo’s printing
and budgeting problems; and
William H. Schaeffer, Circulation
Manager, who spoke on the problems
and progress of his department.
Robert Wallander, the new Hditor,
recited his own poem, ‘‘Prose about
the Echo, The Other Side.’’ George
M. Snyder, Assistant Editor, was the
master of ceremonies.

Mr. Brierley told of his misgivings
when the Echo was founded—how he
then believed it would be just an-
other annoyance to institution offi-
cials and a means for inmates to beg
for sympathy. He declared his pleas-
ure in having his gloomy forecast
proved wrong, and said he expected
a prosperous future for the maga-
zine. He congratulated the Echo for
its ten years of service to the inmates
and the outside world.

Dr. Taylor also congratulated the
Kcho and complimented its staff for
the strenuous efforts made to pro-
duce a superior magazine. He an-
nounced his pleasure in seeing in-
mate energy being devoted to a con-
structive purpose, and said that the
Bureau of Correction definitely fa-
vors such activity. He compared the
Echo favorably with other institu-
tional publications, and expressed his
hope that it would continue to be a
leader in its field. Dr. Taylor demon-
strated his skill as an after-dinner
speaker by commanding unanimous
attention while he told several anec-
dotes about his experiences during
many years of work in penology.

Mr. Barnhouse had the rapt atten-
tion of every member of the audience
throughout the one and one-half
hours that he held the floor. Anyone
who has attended many banquets
knows that the waiters and musicians
disappear when the first speaker
stands up; they are not hired to suf-
fer hours of boredom. Mr. Barn-
house’s eloquence was proven be-
yond a doubt by the fact that no one
left the room after he began to speak
—the cooks even sneaked in from
the kitchen! Mr. Barnhouse pos-
sesses outstanding academic quailifi-
cations (graduated from high school
at 14 and from Harvard at 17, post-
graduate studies at leading American
and European universities, extensive
foreign travel, fluency in five lan-
guages) coupled with an unusual
ability to simultaneously educate and
entertain his audience.

Mr. Barnhouse began by remarking
that some of the inmate speakers had

Seated, left to right: Mr. Joseph R. Brierley, Superintendent; Mrs. Carole
Woodward (Mr. Banrhouse’s secretary); Mr. Donald Barnhouse, news analyst
for Station WCAU-TV and the principal speaker of the evening; Dr. Kenneth
EK. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner of Correction; and Father John J. McHugh,
institution chaplain. Standing: George M. Snyder, Assistant Editor; John J.
Klauzenberg, Associate Editor; Gerald J. Haas, Editor; William H. Schaeffer,
Circulation Manager; and Stanley R. Moroz, Assistant Editor-Production.

made rather caustic comments about
freedom of the press, and reminding
them that responsibility was free-
dom’s hand-maiden in a civilized
society. He went on to describe in
general terms his work as a tele-
vision news analyst. He said that
his job has two major facets: wide
reading and extensive condensation.
He reads a dozen or more major
daily American newspapers, most
American news magazines, and sev-
eral foreign newspapers and maga-
zines; he also keeps a close watch
on the teletyped reports of all the
major news services. His principle
task is selecting the important items
and re-writing them to fit into his
allotted time on the air, which norm-
ally is a dozen 14% minute talks per
week. He said he got into telecasting
more or less by accident and, at first,
was appalled by the strict time limi-
tations placed upon him. However,
when he learned that his average
audience would be 700,000 people
and he thus would have ten million
man-hours of human attention per
year, he decided to try it. Now he is
very enthusiastic about his occupa-
tion.

When Mr. Barnhouse asked for
questions from the audience, he im-
mediately was subjected to many
queries on a variety of subjects. He
was asked to comment on the fact
that many prisoners feel they were
convicted by the newspapers before
they ever went to trial. He agreed
that such claims often contained con-
siderable merit, and said that he be-
lieved it was due to economic pres-
sures. Many newspapers are none too
profitable, and sensation sells news-
papers. He also stated that it was his
belief that television stations gener-
ally do not pander to scandal, and
said that the only pressures upon
him from the management of his
station were the requirements that
he be factual and that he refrain
from crusading for any particular
cause. He pointed out that most tele-
vision stations currently are very
profitable businesses. He discussed
recent advances in psychiatry, medi-
cine and electronics, and said that,
someday, there would be a strictly
seientific method of conducting trials
and corrections—controlling the hu-
man brain to determine guilt or in-
nocence and to eliminate criminal
tendencies.

Since he was not on the air, Mr.
Barnhouse apparently felt free to
crusade for better housing in Phila-
delphia. He was critical of the over-
all ineffectiveness of this city’s anti-
poverty and urban-renewal cam-
paigns, characterizing them as noble
plans mired in a swamp of politics;
his viewpoint appeared to be shared
by most of his listeners. He startled
his audience when he stated that we
prisoners live better, insofar as crea-
ture comforts are concerned, than do
many of the free citizens in the slum
areas of Philadelphia and _ other
cities. Then he went on to say that
nearly all Americans, even the poor-
est ones, live better than the average
human being in the world; that one-
fifth of the earth’s population exists
on the verge of starvation.

Mr. Barnhouse answered numer-
ous other questions concerning a
wide range of national and interna-
tional affairs. It was apparent that,
if time had permitted, his audience
would gladly have listened to him for
hours. The banquet did not adjourn
until the unusually late hour of
10:00 P.M. when Mr. Barnhouse had
to leave for his next scheduled tele-
cast.

Without braggadocio the Echo
compliments itself for planning an
outstanding evening in this institu-
tion’s long history.
