---
id: "1104"
title: "The Print Shop"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE PRINT SHOP
by Frederick Adams

“Man, I ain’t worried about getting out, I know
when that will be. I’m concerned with staying out.”
Strange words? Not really.

One inmate speaks the words but many more are
also concerned with this problem. And it is a prob-
lem. The latest figure I have read shows 86% of in-
mates released return to prison.* Statistics can be
misleading and I want to believe that this one is.
But I can’t be sure. I’m worried now! I haven’t been
released yet, and the odds are 3% to 4 that I will
come back.

Let us look at this a little closer. Eighty-six in-
mates out of every 100 return to prison and with
crime on the increase, the intake of new prisoners
has increased considerably. If only 14 men out of
100 remain out and the new inmates in turn become
one of the 86 out of 100, it stands to reason that
prison populations are getting larger and larger. If
this continues then we can assume with statistical
logic that one day everyone will be behind the wall.
Well, we will have attained something, anyway. We
would be rid of ex-convicts.

To be sure, I have allowed myself to be carried
away; but only to show the fallacy of statistics. Re-
gardless of the percentage of men who return, it is
still too many. Why is this so? We read numerous
articles in the newspapers and magazines about the
rehabilitation programs being instituted in our pris-
ans. This should solve the problem.

Rehabilitation is an impressive word. It sounds
important. Webster says it means to restore to good

Veto A. Iavecchia, general supervisor of Correctional
Industries in Philadelphia, was cited for his interest and
efforts leading to state approval for printing UCPA’s
News, annual statements and various brochures in our
print shop.

repute; to fit to make one’s livelihood again. How is
one fit to make one’s livelihood again when one had
no livelihood to begin with? The majority of men in
prison come from poverty areas, have little educa-
tion and, in most eases, no trade or eraft in order to
earn a decent livelihood by today’s standards. Prison
does little to change this. Today, high school classes
are offered to all who want them terminating with a
high school equivalency diploma. This is a means to
an end, not an end in itself. The next logical step
would seem to be vocational training in one craft or
another. This is where the rub comes in. Except for
a few of the Correctional Industries, the possibilities
of acquiring a skill that would be acceptable by the
trade unions outside are extremely rare.

Contrary to popular belief, prisons have not
changed. New names have been bestowed upon them
and an array of fancy titles for the pesonnel but
prisons are the same as they have always been. The
greatest amount of jobs to be had are prison ori-
ented, ie., cell block runners, yard cleaners, brass
polishers, sweepers, moppers, pot washers, table
wipers and assorted labor work. The few men who
enter prison with any skill are immediately placed
into those spots, leaving little chance for the un-
skilled.

Correctional Industries is not, in itself, the answer.
It could be, but at present it offers little opportunity
for the individual to acquire a skill that, would be on
a competitive level with outside industry. They en-
compass the products that will be used mainly by
prisons, state hospitals and various state-operated in-
stitutions. The machinery and equipment is usually
antiquated, instruction personnel at a minimum and
production is geared to a large unskilled labor force
at the lowest possible cost.

The Printing Plant at Eastern Correctional Insti-
tution is one of the exceptions. Printing is one of the
highest paying industries in the United States and
has only just begun to realize its potential. Our
plant is equipped with contemporary machines and
uses production methods incorporated from outside
industry. Experienced instructors supervise all op-
erations of printing from beginning to end, but more
are needed. Through the efforts of Mr. Veto
Iavecchia, General Supervisor, and Mr. Al French,
Printing Instructor, the local printing trade unions
have been approached with the idea of accepting
qualified men into the union and placing them into
positions of employment upon discharge from the
institution. The unions have reacted favorably to
this and, to date, there are a few dozen men working
at this craft; linotype operators, compositors, press-
men, and two men who have become department
foremen.

The Printing Plant is, by no means, the answer to
a gigantic problem, it is only a small beginning. The
problem, immense though it is, must have a begin-
ning if it is ever to have an end.

*Judge Vincent A. Carroll

Linotype & Intertype Machines — These are automatie
linecasting machines that set type mechanically. The
operator sits at a keyboard similar to a typewriter. Each
type face and size has its own magazine, and the ma-
chines shown above hold three magazines at one time.
The process of setting type by machine and then remelt-
ing the dead metal for re-use is known as a non-distribu-
tion system. Our printing plant is 90 to 95% non-distri-
bution. Operators (from left to right) are John Royal,
Calvin Crist and Harold Foster.

Monotype Machine & Composition Frames — The
Monotype consists of two machines, a keyboard (not
shown) and a caster. The Monotype casts and assembles
individual types, strip spacing material, rules, borders,
case types and other composing-room needs. In the back-
ground are the Composing Frames where the Compositor
spends a major portion of his time in assembling, cor-
recting, and making up of forms consisting entirely or
largely of machine-cast matter. Some display lines and
some small or special display work is set by hand. Opera-
tor is Morales Adolph.

Office Personnel — Shown above are the three civilian
employees responsible for the complete operation of the
printing plant. From left to right: Al French, Jr., Print-
ing Instructor; Veto lIavecchia, General Supervisor;
Clarence Kinney (seated at rear desk), Accountant.
These men are not only concerned with a smooth opera-
tional plant but also the vocational training of the the
inmates employed. The duties of the office staff are varied
and complicated. The present office personnel is about
twelve inmates.

Imposing Table — When the type form has been proofed,
corrected, and OK’d, it is ready for printing. It is placed
on the imposing table, commonly referred to as the stone,
which is a cabinet with a smooth cast iron surface on
which type forms are imposed and locked up for the press
or for reproduction proofing. It takes its common name
from the fact that it originally consisted of a large stone
slab set in a wooden frame. A printer who locks up forms
is called a stoneman. Pictured below are stonemen: Kd-
ward Scoleri (left), Frank Matyasevie (right), and Mr.
Al French, Jr. (center), Printing Instructor.

The Little Giant Press — This is a small job cylinder
press. Nearly all cylinder presses are two-revolution ma-
chines, the cylinders of which make two complete revolu-
tions for each impression. It has a flat bed to hold the
form and an impression cylinder to provide the pressure.
The paper is printed as it passes between them. It is
used primarily for small work in large quantity such as
labels, filing cards, small business forms, invitations, an-
nouncements and many other similar jobs. With modifi-
cations, the cylinder press is used by carton manufac-
turers for cutting and creasing.

The Platen Press — A platen is defined as ‘‘a machine
where the impression is obtained by bringing two flat
surfaces together.’ The first presses used the principle
of impressing a sheet of paper against the printing form.
From the beginning to the present, this principle has
been used. The ability to regulate the amount of
‘squeeze’ makes platen presses extremely versatile. They
can print from the simplest one-color form to fine-register
color-work, on stock ranging from the thinnest paper to
heavy cardboard. Larger platen presses can also be used
for embossing, stamping, die-cutting and scoring. Shown
below are pressmen Joseph McCann and Sheldon Glass-
hoffer.

The Miehle Verticular Press — This is the ‘‘workhorse”’
and the press room is equiped with three of them.
They are flat-bed cylinder presses with the form being
locked in a vertical position. These presses are extremely
versatile and geared for speed. They are used for printing
booklets, a variety of forms, catalogs, letterheads and
brochures. They are adaptable to most types of printing
from rough work on coarse paper to the finest halftone
and color process reproduction on coated paper. Shown
in picture are pressmen Wade Horner and William
Hamilitt.

The Miehle Horizontal Press — This is a flat-bed cyl-
inder press also, and is the largest one used in the print-
ing plant. Jobs run on this press consist mostly of large
forms, Pencor can labels and book work requiring signa-
tures from four to sixteen pages. It is the most difficult
press to operate in our plant and requires a greater
degree of training. The EASTERN ECHO was printed
exclusively on this press for the first six of its ten year
existence. Also shown in photo (far right foreground) is
the Envelope Press. Men appearing below are pressmen
William Hamlitt (left) and James Robinson.

MGD 22 Offset Duplicator — The offset press operates
on the rotary principle of making one impression with
each revolution of the cylinder. The printing image is on
a level with the non-printing area. The word offset refers
to the process which transfers an image to paper by
means of three cylinders, instead of two, as in letterpress.
The ink plate prints on a rubber blanket, which offsets
this ink impression to the paper. Instead of assembling
type and plates, it is necessary to assemble photographic
negatives or positives of illustrations and type matter.
Make ready is eliminated in offset printing. The MGD 22
is the larger of our two offset presses.

Multilith 1250-W Offset Duplicator — Shown below is
pressman Donald Reed (background) printing KASTHRN
ECHO on the Multilith 1250-W. The ECHO has been
printed on this machine exclusively for the past three
years. In center foreground is offset stripper, Stanley
Moroz, checking plate for the next run of pages on the
ECHO. The presses are quite versatile, printing light-
weight manifold or onionskin up to cardboard of 1/16”
thickness, at speeds to 9,000 impressions per hour. They
are ideal for quick printing of office and plant forms, in-
ventory sheets, price lists, sales letters, programs, sched-
ules, etc.

Tool & Repair Crib — Mechanical difftculties, break-
downs and general maintenance of all print shop ma-
chinery and equipment are the responsibility of the ma-
chinist-mechanic. Raymond Wade (left), specializing in
linotype repair, and James Land (right) are the ‘trouble-
shooters’ of the print shop, fulfilling aforesaid duties and
others that include remelting lead into ingots and stereo-
typing for composing room needs, ordering and stocking
spare parts for all machines, tool making and tool design.

Paper & Cutting Department — Paper has a definite
function in the complete job. It is an integral part of the
picture. Paper is the portion of the job which adds a
third dimension—-depth (thickness). Nearly all paper
used is made of wood pulp, but writing papers are made
principally of cotton and linen rags. Most paper comes
under the five general heads of news print, book papers,
writing papers, covers, and cardboards. An economic
cut-out from the size of paper available must be kept in
mind when choosing paper. A good paper cutter main-
tains a minimum amount of waste. Pictured from left to
right: John Salvanish, William Schaeffer and Donald
Weathers.

Bindery Department — The main function of this depart-
ment are folding, gluing and various forms of binding.
Folders include from the simplest Four-page Folder to
the Sixteen-page Folder. There are two methods of wire
stitching: saddle and side stitch. The more permanént
bindings are Edition Binding (hard cover), Perfect Bind-
ing (pocket books & telephone directory), and Mechan-
ical Binding (wire, strip metal, plastic or loose leaf).
With the increased use of snap-set forms for official use,
new semi-automatic gluing machines have been installed.
Pictured above is Cleve Brown (center) and the Bindery
workers.

Shipping Department — Shipping is the final operation
of all printing orders. Invoicing, packaging, mailing and
transportation are a few of the various jobs included in
this department. It also operates as the receiving de-
partment for items and equipment purchased by the
printing plant. At the present time, this area is being en-
larged to facilitate its operations due to increased busi-
ness. Personnel in photograph are (from left to right)
Richard Mosso, Edward O’Keefe, Charles C. Clarke and
Edward Gist.
