---
id: "1105"
title: "History of The Eastern Echo"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
History of
The 
Eastern
Echo

By Tommy Williams

The Penal Press is the official voice of men in
American prisons. Its origin is dubious and specu-
lative at best. Any notoriety has been of a dualistic
nature ranging from verbal acclaim to vociferous
condemnation. Yet, the Penal Press has survived,
mainly because many persons realized the benefits
of a constructive outlet through writing. The writ-
ings have been varied, but the slant has always been
directed at prisons, and people in prison. This is
not to say that this central theme has been the totality
of the inmate’s thought. Prison being the dominating
factor in the expression of thoughts through writing,
ean be justified, considering the closed environment
in which prisoner’s live. The writings of the Penal
Press have run the gamut in format; from the one
page sheets to the forty page slick cover magazines
of many of our larger prisons.

The Eastern Echo is the magazine printed here
at the State Correctional Institutional at Philadelphia.
It had its beginning ten years ago as a fledgling 20
page affair. Its inception can be attributed to the
ideas and official sanction of many. Included was
Mr. Frank G. Martin (Warden at that time - now
deceased) and the official treatment staff. However
the plans, groundwork and first edition can be cred-
ited to one man, Jerry Culp, the magazine’s first
editor. His goals regarding the Kastern Echo could
not be set in motion by himself as he was due to be
released from prison soon after the ‘‘Echo’s’’ first
publication date. Knowing this, he wrote his first
and last editorial as a sort of credo, which successive
editors have vainly sought to follow. I think it is
appropriate that a few paragraphs of this editorial
be quoted to illustrate the central meaning of this
man’s idea.

“Dear Reader:

‘‘This is the first issue of the Eastern Echo.
This magazine is the newest entry into the penal
press field. It will be the policy of the editors
to present articles, poems, and stories which ex-
press the thoughts and feelings of the men con-
fined at this institution.

‘‘The Eastern Echo is your magazine. It
will be only as good as you want it to be.

“The Eastern Echo is intended to be the
voice of the men in here. How powerful a voice
depends upon the quality and quantity of the
material submitted.

‘‘Many of us have long looked forward to
a publication for this institution. Since I will
be here for only this issue I would like to advance
my hope that the Hastern Echo will continue to
grow and take its place among the top members
of the Penal Press field. Keep this magazine
as the voice of all the men in here and not of
just one group. Remember that the articles and
stories published by the Hastern Echo will be
read by many citizens of this and other states.
Poor material will reflect on all. Good material
will bring favorable responses and undoubted
benefits. Make the Eastern Echo broad and pro-
gressive in its outlook.

‘‘Guard this tiny new flame of yours against
the glory seeker and the irresponsible. A new
freedom has been handed to you by those in
authority. They will wait to see how you accept
the responsibility.’’

This editorial speaks for itself. It lays down the
broad guidelines of Echo policy which subsequent
editors have felt obligated to follow. The words are
of another decade but time has not erased the value
of them.

Twelve editors have reigned over the magazine
since its auspicious beginning. They are here listed
in chronological order :

Jerry D. Culp: 1956
Joseph Corvi: 1956
Robert D. Heinemann: 1956-57-58
Joseph J. Cuff: 1958-59
James ‘‘Mike’’ Smith: 1959-60
Robert F. Cullen: 1961
Spencer Walden: 1961
Donald Gussman : 1962-63
Francis Murphy: 1963
Edward Miller: 1963-64
Gerald Haas: 1965-66

Each editor pervaded the magazine with his own
special personality. To speak in terms of this natural
trait as contributing to the success of the magazine
would be a prevarication. The majority of Echo
Editors assumed their literary position untrained,
and painfully groped their way through many dif-
ficult situations. It has been said that ‘‘The writer
as well as the orator employs for the accomplishment
of his purposes, the instrumentality of words. It is
in words that he clothes his thoughts. It is by means
of words that he depicts his feelings. It is, therefore,
essential to his success that he be provided with a
copious vocabulary and that he possess an entire
command of all the resources and appliances of his
language.”

These words will be recognized by many of our
readers, for they embody a principal that is neces-
sary but not often possible.

In spite of the temporary drawbacks I have
mentioned, the Hastern Echo can well be proud of
its literary achievements. In 1960 Mrs. Dorothy
Scheer, long a champion of the rehabilitation of men
and women in prison, lauded the Eastern Echo as
one of the finest in the entire national Penal Press.’’
Other words of commendation have come from such
persons as Dr. Negley K. Teeters, Professor of Soci-
ology; Morris Gerber, Esq., (formerly a judge in
Montgomery County); James W. Percy, (former
assistant to Mayor of Laneaster); Erle Stanley
Gardner, Writer, and many others. Echo has received 
similar commendations from various agencies and
boards like the Pennsylvania Prison Society, the Half-
way Houses and others. (My apologies to those indi-
viduals I have not mentioned by name, for they have
been the unsung heroes of our cause.) Without the
encouragement of these people during the Hastern
Echo’s ten year existence, the magazine could not
have been possible.

For a few years the Eastern Echo basked in the
1959-60-61 tributes that had been heaped upon its
literary head. Soon thereafter it went into decline
after being condemned by a few persons who rose to
the prison thrones of officialdom estranged from and
antagonistic to modern concepts of penology. Their
inimical precepts took the form of extreme restric-
tions on material accepted for publication. Thus,
they inhibited writing skills previously displayed and
retarded the latent skills of the would-be writer.

The magazine that once had attracted distin-
guished persons to actually submit articles, commen-
tary or intelligent rebuttals to opinions, degenerated
into a retrogressive format. For it has been proven
that “‘resting on past laurels,’’ however justified, can
only result in stagnation.

Subject material of the Hastern Echo during its
decade of publication has been diverse, with many
shades of literary differences. Some of the subjects
delved in included Parole and Commutation, Juvenile
Delinquency, Psychology and Psychiatry in Prisons,
Worldwide Penal Treatment, Prison Reform, Modern
Penology, Criminal Law, Prison Labor, and others
too numerous to name.

Prominent persons in the community who have
suhmitted articles to the Eastern Echo for publica-
tion are herein listed with the titles of their articles.
Fall 1966

Negley K. Teeters
“On Public Executions.’’

Hon. Judge Raymond Pace Alexander
‘‘A Judge’s View of Commutation in
Pennsylvania. ’’

Michael Von Moschzisker, Esq.
"On Stone Casting.”

Hon. Judge Juamta Kidd Stout
‘‘Shall We Recommend.’’

Hon. Judge Thomas Reed
“After Sentence."

Herman J. Pollock, Esq. (Chief Voluntary,
Defenders Association )

‘‘The Citizens Role in the Improvement of
Criminal Law.’’

Caleb Foote, Professor of Law
‘‘The Bail System and Equal Justice.’’

Paul J. Gernert, Parole Board Chairman
of Pennsylvania
"The Durham Rule; Alcoholism and Crime.”

On many occasions the persons listed were asked
to present their views on a particular subject. This
was done in order to acquaint the reader with the
other side. The editor responsible for this intelligent
presentation was James ‘‘Mike’’ Smith. He believed
that this kind of objective approach would evoke a
greater interest in the magazine.

He figured that most people had a danted view
on what the man in prison was aiming for, and to
present divergent views would provide the stimulus
for creative thinking as well as writing. The many
letters of praise that poured into the institution
from people of all walks of life lent validity to his
reasoning.

The Eastern Echo’s main premise has been a
magazine written by and for the inmates of the spec-
ific institution publishing same. This premise was
taken from the general creed of the Penal Press. The
“Echo’’ has added another sentence, though not writ-
ten. as clearly, was understood by the many staff
writers who have contributed articles throughout the
years. This addition embraces the idea that this maga-
zine is designed to help inmates by speaking through
them and for them, if for any reason they are unable
to do so themselves. In doing this, to present opinions
directly applicable to his incarcerated condition.

HISTORY OF THE EASTERN ECHO CONT’D

Echo magazine like many of its prison counter-
parts suffers publication problems similar to many
of society’s periodicals. It has been published on a
quarterly basis since its first publication date of
March, 1956. Considering that a great number of the
Penal Press magazines run bi-monthly, and monthly
(12 issues a year), it seems strange that this institu-
tion only prints its magazine four times a year. Echo’s
publication problems become apparent when it is
pointed out that when a prison magazine such as
ours is geared toward printing articles that are more
than a statistical outline of printing prison happen-
ings, then our problems become more complex. The
writers consume more time in articles presented by
gathering factual data through research; and the co-
ordination of this data into article or story form. The
need to be accurate becomes more acute especially
when you are submitting material that deals with
real facts and events in society. Also the manuscripts
submitted are read by the inmate staff for their ap-
proval and then submitted to an official staff for their
comments and approval (See Summer Issue - 1966
Editorial). The actual printing of this magazine is
a prime factor also, as our printing plant is set up
as part of an industry printing for state owned and
state aided agencies in the State of Pennsylvania.
Henee, the Hastern Echo’s printing must be handled
as part of a ‘‘customer manufacturing need’’ like
any other business order. It is this vocational inte-
eration that lends itself to teaching printing skills
and encountering problems comparable to what the
man will face in the productive ‘‘outside society.’’

Another aspect of the Eastern Echo’s creed is to
present the best type of objective writing possible.
A sad but true fact is the minimizing of a man’s past
wrongs against society by so many of the Penal Press
magazines in vogue today. A prime example is the
many instances cited in which the convict is depicted
‘‘stealing apples,’’ ‘‘jaywalking,’’ and the like, in
order to prove a point in favor of the argument pre-
sented. The majority of the Hastern Echo’s staff
through the years have endeavored to eliminate this
type of sloppy sentimentality. It has not, of course,
been always successful. The unnatural subjectiveness
that is inherent in most of us, due to our environment,
is a contributing factor to this kind of emotionalism.

The Eastern Echo has made it a policy to strike
a balance in considering the man as he has proved
himself, regardless of the wrong of yesteryear. Thus,
you will find the words ‘‘ Rehabilitation or Revenge’’
quoted in so many of the articles printed in this
magazine.

The aims of the Kastern Echo are woven into
the words, ‘‘Be broad and progressive in your out-
look.’’ To do this, the magazine must keep striving
for improvement. The best way is to present all
writings in an intelligent manner. To be ready to
face refutation with the courage of conviction, ‘‘dis-
agreeably agreeable.’’ To ever keep in mind that this
magazine is not one man’s sole property, but a con-
structive instrument of creativity for all the prisons’
inhabitants. It is interlocked in the words of your
author who stressed the fact of ‘‘helping the man to
help himself through the medium of writing.’’
