---
id: "1106"
title: "A Word from C.I. Supervisors"
author: "French, Alfred F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Word from C. I. Supervisors

MY ANNIVERSARY

In the ten years I have had the privilege of being
associated with the Echo staff, I have observed the
progress of many men who have worked in various
capacities in the preparation of our Institutional
Publication.

The person who writes an article must be versed
in english and all its ramifications. The type-setter
must have the proper mechanical training and expe-
rience. The operator of the proof press as well as
the proof-reader cannot be excused for errors. Print-
ing the article for publication becomes the responsi-
bility of the pressmen. He must not only have a
knowledge of the mechanics of his press, but also
the appearance and readability of the insertion fall
heavily upon his shoulders. Binding the magazine
must be done with precision and good judgement.
Finally, the shipper must be trained to know how to
prepare the copies for distribution within the institu-
tion and for outside delivery.

With proper application and with satisfactory
achievement in any one of these departments a man
ean qualify for placement in the printing industry. I
have had the experience of seeing men become experts
in all of these processes, from beginning to end. These
trainees are in demand and can be placed in the bet-
ter Jobs with golden opportunities for advancement.

Alfred F. French,
Supervisor
Print Shop

ECHO’S 10th ANNIVERSARY

The Echo serves a threefold purpose. Mainly it
is a media for transmission of ideas and thoughts
both educational and controversial. Secondly it brid-
ges a gap all to frequently overlooked or minimized—
that of our outside population having none or very
little concept of the action and activities going on
in a correctional institution.

Lastly, from the individual outlook with regard
to ones livelihood, is the training aspect whether it
be as a Skilled craftsman or a fledgling reporter or
writer, as an instrument toward self expression and
technique of presentation.

In conclusion such a publication is most impor-
tant since constant communication can promote better
understanding and human relations.

Veto A. Iavecchia,
General Supervisor
Correctional Industries
