---
id: "1107"
title: "Philadelphia Jaycees Expand Inmate Chapter Here Attempt To Establish Parolee Assistance Program"
author: "KLAUZENBERG, John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PHILADELPHIA JAYCEES EXPAND INMATE CHAPTER HERE
ATTEMPT TO ESTABLISH PAROLEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM

l. to r.: Wendell Bristol, Parole Counselor; Richard L. Behr, Chairman of the Parole
Committee; Stuart Harting, Publicity Chairman of the Committee; Gerald Haas, Editor.

by J. J. Klauzenberg and G. J. Haas

On July 27, 1966, we had the privilege of inter-
viewing two members of the Parolee Committee of
the Junior Chamber of Commerce of Philadelphia.

Parole Counselor Wendell Bristol arranged the
conference, which took place in the ECHO office with
Richard L. Behr, Chairman of the Parolee Commit-
tee; Stuart Harting, Publicity Chairman of the
Committee and the editor and associate editor of
THE EASTERN ECHO.

Both Jaycee members are businessmen in the
Philadelphia area. Behr is a financial analyst with
the Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company and holds
a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College. Hart-
ing is a real estate representative with Albert M.
Greenfield and Company, Incorporated. He holds a
bachelor of science degree from Temple University.

The men explained that the Junior Chamber of
Commerce is a service organization established al-
most thirty years ago with various forms of com-
munity service as its goal. Their parolee sponsor-
ship program is only one phase of their multiple-
community service program. The Parolee Commit-
tee consists of twenty-five members to serve from the
main membership body. Members of the Commitee
represent a wide variety of professional back-
grounds, including attorneys, stock brokers, insur-
ance executives, real estate executives and other
types of business and professional occupations.

The Jaycee Parolee Committee was organized in
1948 and was very active until 1961, at which time,
for various reasons, it became inactive. The program
was reactivated in 1964 and two parolees are pres-
ently being sponsored from this institution with 17
from other area prisons.

Having been organized with the intention of as-
sisting former prisoners to readjust and face the
realities of society, the Committee members have re-
ceived in the past year, 43 requests for full or partial
parole plans, in addition to the current 19 active
plans. They have rejected, to date, only nine.

Messers Behr and Harting said that none of the
men they have undertaken to assist, have been re-
turned to prison for new convictions or for technical
violations of parole; which, of course, speaks highly
of the type and extent of help they have been giving.
It seems to verify that the Parolee Committee is
seriously interested in assisting former prisoners.

When asked if they will sponsor repeaters, previ-
ously sponsored by their group, Behr replied: “We
have not been faced with this problem yet, but we
would certainly consider such requests after evalu-
ating the individual circumstances.”

Mr. Harting explained that when they consider an
initial application, the Committee uses the following
criteria in assisting them with making a determina-
tion, before they vote on the application: Recom-
mendations of the institution staff, parole counselors’
recommendations, summary of the inmate’s institu-
tional record and activities, previous educational
status, family history, occupational history, and
prior job stability before arrest and during ‘inear-
ceration, as well as- psychiatric and psychological
recommendations. Both men were quick to explain
that they objectively evaluate any applicant, re-
gardless of the nature of the offense for which the
man may be in prison.

Members of the Parolee Comittee attempt to com-
municate with applicants they have accepted, as
much as is possible, before their release from con-
finement. Following this, they assist him in finding
suitable employment, residence (if needed), and ad-
vice or counsel after release, as approved parole
advisors. They attempt to act as a buffer between
the unfamiliar outside society and the parolee. They
concentrate their efforts toward the man’s eventual
readjustment.

Explaining that they have received full coopera-
tion of all institution authorities in the various
prisons to which they have extended their program,
Mr. Behr said, “At the start, we received a few ex-
pressed reservations by some of our members about
our work. But these have been essentially over-
come.”

Both Parolee Committee representatives are
pleased with the program and they are interested in
expanding it to more inmates. When asked about
their personal goals, they explained they wanted to
make life better for former inmates and everyone
else. The Committee was of interest to them because
of the program itself and its great potential in mak-
ing life better for everyone. Both men indicated
they had no personal fears in working with prisoners
or former prisoners. “They are human; they’ve
made mistakes; they need help—we want to give it,”
Harting said.

Behr said, when questioned about expressions of
feelings by relatives and friends regarding their
activities: “They look up to us for what we are
doing. We have interested them in our activities.”

On future plans: They would like the Jaycees to
support or establish a half-way house;* consider
seriously the ECHO’s suggestion to start a chartered
Jaycee Chapter for inmates at this institution (simi-
lar programs have been established in other penal
institutions in other parts of the United States) ;
stimulate more community interest generally; and,
they would like to encourage employers to consider
hiring parolees directly from prison.

The idea of a Jaycee Chapter being established
here, will be presented to the entire membership of
the Junior Chamber of Commerce of Philadelphia,
in the near future.

I the event inmates have a need to formulate a
suitable parole plan, the staff of the ECHO suggests
you contact Parole Counselor Bristol to arrange an
appointment with representatives of the Jaycee’s
Parolee Committee. We are sure, in the majority of
coses, an applicant will receive all necessary
assistance.

* The Junior Chamber of Commerce of Philadelphia
proposed establishment of a Jaycee Chapter at SCIPHA
in September; however, the proposal was rejected by the
Bureau of Correction due to current policy considera-
tions. Both the Jaycees and the ECHO staff are disap-
pointed. —Editor.
