---
id: "111"
title: "A Fictional Interview"
author: "Poltorak, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A FICTIONAL INTERVIEW

by STEVE POLTORAK

One day while walking down the cellblock won-
dering what I should write about for the sports
feature, my train of thought was interrupted by the
sudden appearance of a slightly wild-eyed character
named Harry, crying out, ‘‘ Which way did they go?’’
Upon seeing me, he said, ‘‘Hello, Steve, come into
my Opium Den. You look confused, what’s on your
mind ?”

I was just wondering what I should write about
in the next issue of the ECHO, I replied. Supposing
I interview you?

‘It’s O.K. with me, but watch out for the
hippity-hop on the ash tray.”’

To begin with, what was your occupation on
the outside?

‘‘I was a panhandler down the ’Loin.”’

How did you spend your leisure time?

‘‘Drinking smoke—canned heat to you.’’

What is the best canned heat?

“Sterno is the best, definitely.’’

What would you say was your best approach for
a touch?

“The easiest mark is a man with his girl; the
man likes to act the big wheel in front of his girl
and is usually a good touch. I would ask the guy
for a half-a-man and, if he refused, I would quickly
flip my shoulder forward and upward and flip some
geese on him.”

What is a half-a-man and what are geese?

‘‘Half-a-man is half a buck and geese are louses.”

What were your dislikes down the ’Loin?

‘‘Sometimes a man who had his girl with him
would loudly say, ‘Here’s a half-a-man’ and piece
me off with a nickel. Another one of my dislikes
was the Rubby-Dubs who wouldn’t do their share
of squeezing the smoke through a cloth; but my pet
dislike was the double gulpers that are sneaky with
the double gulp.’’

What are double gulpers?

“There are two types of double gulpers. When
drinking smoke the amateur double gulper can be
quickly caught, because his Adam’s apple bobs up
and down. “The veteran double gulper can slide the
smoke by his Adam’s apple while holding it sta-
tionary, but he can be caught by lstening for the
eulp-gulp noise he makes when swallowing.’’

What happens if you should get arrested for
soliciting ?

“I just don’t anticipate in such activities; it’s
just not couth.’’

Let me put it this way. What happens if you
get pinched for putting the stitch on someone?

“You draw a three-bagger at the Burg.’’

What does that mean?

"It means three months at iloLuesburg County
Prison.’

What makes you such a rabid sports fan?

“I was bit by a rabid.’’

What if you got bit by a carrot?

“Then, I would be a sports writer.’’

What makes you such a loyal baseball fan?

"It all happened in one day: I was brought
up in South Boston and on this particular, unfor-
gettable day our eighth grade class was the guest
of the Boston Red Sox who were playing the Cleve-
land Indians. It was my first big league game.
Cleveland took an early lead and kept adding to it.
By the last of the seventh the Indians had an
overwhelming 11 to 0 lead. ‘uen it happened—tue
Bosox started to rally and I bought my first Hot Dog.
Who will ever forget the wonderful, spicy, tart flavor
of the first bite of that succulent concoction . . Ted
Williams walks, filling the bases and Junior Stephens
lines a double off the left field wall good for three
runs. Then Bobby Doerr hits a home run, making
the score 11 to 5... An elated excitement vibrated
the hair in my nostrils; somehow the emotional im-
pact of the rally becomes intermingled and fused with
my new-found appetite for Hot Dogs .......
Zarilla singles, Tebbetts waiks and Kinder batting
for himself also walks ... A steady electrifying roar
fills the air as the wild, heart throbbing, pulsating
rally continues—I can’t stand it any longer....I
steal my best friend’s Hot Dog—my first crime...
Dom Dimaggio singles in two runs, Pesky singles in
another run, the score is now 11 to 8 and Ted Williams
comes to bat .... The dizzy excitement reaches new
heights—I take a bite out of my neighbor’s Hot Dog
. . . Williams walks, loading the sacks . . . before
me is the spectacle of the human spirit achieving a
stunning, unbelievable comeback—my brain waters
for a Hot Dog; the burning hunger turns into a fury
. . . . Stephens hits a grand- slam home run, putting
the Sox in front 12 to 11. Everybody goes crazy.
One tiny cool corner of my mind notices that the
Hot Dog vendor is doing a mad Irish jig and has
completely forgotten his precious wares. I made the
erand-slam snatch and made off with his whole box
of Hot Dogs. I dashed under the stands and ag the
Sox went on to win, I madly stuffed myself with
those wonderful Franks. So that is the story of how
I became a sports fan and a criminal, all in one day.’’
