---
id: "1110"
title: "Mail Call Maladay"
author: "ROUSE, Frank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
MAIL 
CALL
MALADY

by
Frank
Rouse

There isn’t too much to this story except it might
be amusing to a few of you. But it bugged me so
much, I almost lost my marbles...the rest of them,
I mean. Oh, by the way, I’m Zave Bilkowskovie and
I'm a con... you know, a jailbird. And it all hap-
pened one day at mail call... the bug, I mean.

We just got back to the cell block, after a scrump-
tuous supper af Spanish Rice and Kidney Beans. I
was sitting on my bunk in my eell, rolling a smoke,
‘Billy the Kid’ style, when I heard my name hollered
for mail call. I leaped up and ran for the cell door.
But then I slowed down so I wouldn’t look too anx-
ious. We cons have a little pride too, you know.

I gingerly took my letter from the block hack with
an exaggerated display of casualness, and retraced
my steps back to the sanctity of my cell, with gusto.
I slowly turned the envelope over in my hand, play-
ing my usual little game where I try to guess which
erotic, shapely starlet had written me this time. But,
as usual, it was my monthly letter from mom; bulky
in volume, and written in her strong, heavy slavic
hand. I always know the letter is going to be from
mom, but I play the little game of the luscious broad,
anyway. Why shouldn’t I? A guy’s supposed to
have some pleasures out of life, ain’t he?

In my mind I was asserting my right to day dream
about the statistics “38-23-38,” as I savagely pulled
the letter out of the envelope and unfolded the huge
page. I don’t know where in the hell mom gets her
letter paper, but when I get through spreading it
out, it damn near covers my whole bunk. It takes
me almost as long to get it ready as it does to read
it. Anyway, here’s what she sez...

“My dear son, Francis Xavier,” ... 

...Mom named me after Francis X.. Bushman,
cause She told me once she had a crush on him when 
she was a little girl. But everyone calls me Zave. 
That’s short for Xavier. She sez... 

“I am written to you two days earlyer this
time than last time. How’s that? O.K., I
hope. How are you? Fine I hope. We are
all fine and hope you are the same. Are
you O.K. I hope so. Youre papa is out of
work again since the last time I wrote to
you, twice already. The first job was a
night watchman job in a whiskey ware-
house yet. 4 days he’s there and he gets
roaring drunk and trips over all the alarm
strings they lay out to catch the crooks. No
offence to you, my dear son, Francis Xavier.
Well, anyway, he got canned and comes
home with a shopping bag full of stuff from
the warehouse he was putting away for a
rainy day. I took outta the bag 7 bottles of
whiskey, 3 haff gallons of musketell, 2 bot-
tles of Rock and Rye, 1 little bottle of bit-
ters, but it tasted lousy, and 15 bottles of
chocklet covered crickets. I sez to papa,
‘how come 15 bottles of chocklet covered
crickets?’ and he sez, ‘b’cause it’s for gore-
mays, that’s why.’ Well, I ate a hole jar all
by myself and they don’t even taste like
crickets. Do they have crickets where youre
at? The sekond job papa had since I wrote
you last was at that big restrant down
town, the CHICKEN GALORE. And he
was a chicken plucker b’cause they only
cooked fresh chickens. One hole week papa
does good and makes $53.67 and then one
day papa wraps one of the haff gallon jugs
of musketell in his coat and takes it in the
chicken plucking room with him. When the
boss comes for the plucked chickens later
on, they ain’t plucked, and papa’s out cold
and the empty wine jug is layen on top of
the pile of chickens. He got fired. Tomorro
 he’s going frog sticking with Mr. Kaloostian
for 6 1/2¢ a frog, so hold your breth and say
youre beads. Youre little sister Pauline is
16 now and she was in the 9th grade. She’s
the only one of you kids who got to high
school, but she was ex-spelled last week. You
seen how big Pauline was when she came in
with me to visit you at Easter. She’s like a
woman and oi, those big legs. Well, she
comes home with one of those mini skirts
one day; $15.00 it cost, but where she got
the money, who nose. Theyre so short, those
mini skirts. They go all the way up and
Pauline’s got those big legs. And she wears
it to school last week, and I sez... ‘don’t
wear it to the 9th grade, Pauline. It’s too
short and your legs are like a woman’s.’
She sez, ‘it’s my skirt, ma, and I’m wearing
it. So what happens? Don’t that snotty
Inglsh Teecher, Mr. Wortter holler about
the skirt and slap Pauline’s bare leg. And
don’t Pauline jump up and flatten him with
one punch. She’s strong, that Pauline. What
a riot! They had to come and get me at the
factory, and Mr. Sauerwein, my boss, was
mad. He docked me a haff days pay, the
schmiel. Pauline cant go back to school, so
I gess [ll have to get her a job at the fac-
tory. I hope she don’t punch Mr. Sauerwein
if he pinches her legs. Oi, Francis Xavier,
what a lot of troubles we got out here. You
should be glad youre in a place where they
ain’t got no troubles. You remember you
ast me to tell youre old sweetheart, Olga, to
get in touch with you. Well, she’s living
with Bernie Morostrowski now and don’t
wanna do it cause Bernie’s got an awful
temper and hits hard. She sez for you to
give her a brake and don’t make Bernie
mad. But I was telling Mrs. Borazinski a-
bout it; you know her, the lady up the
corner with the anchor tattoed on her arm
and the big Goiter on her neck. Well, she
said her daughter, Stella, wood be happy
to write to you. You remember Stella Bora-
zinski, the fast kid, but she’s a looker. You
gotta admit that. Stella’s got 3 kids now
she never was married. But you cant hold
hold that against her cause she’s a looker,
and you gotta admit that. So I ast her,
‘Stella, wood you like to write to my son,
Francis Xavier, at the Pen?’ and she sez,
‘Wood I?! Youre damn right I wood!’ She
gave me this pitcher of her in a Bikini to
send to you and if you like it you and her
can get together when you get out...’

I let go of mom’s big letter and started to hunt for
Stella in the Bikini. I’m thrashing all over the cell
looking for Stella and I keep bumping into Mom’s
letter. It damn near fills the room, like a parachute.
I don’t see Stella anywhere, and the envelope is
empty. I'm starting to panic now, and I gathers up
mom’s titanic letter and rushes up to the block
hack’s desk, screaming, “Where’s Stella? What did
you do with Stella?”

He sez, “Take it easy, Bilkowskivic,” and I can
see the knuckles on his hand whiten as he grips the
edge of the desk. He’s thinking I’m snapping out,
but he don’t wanna blow the whistle unless he’s sure,
I don’t give him the chance to make sure, because I
run off the block to the Captain’s Office and bump
into Lootenant Krisp, just outside the door.

He grabs my arm and sez, “Take it easy, Bilkow-
skovic. Where’s the fire?”

I said, “Stella’s missing! I want to see Captain
Albright.”

He said, “Who’s Stella, and what’s that?” Point-
ing to mom’s floppy letter.

I said, “Mom sent me Stella’s picture in this letter,
but it ain’t here.”

He said, “Is that a letter, no kidding?”

I said, “Yea, and Stella ain’t here.” And just then
the Captain comes out.

He sez, “What are you doing here, Bilkowskovic?
And what’s that thing?”

I said, “Stella’s missing from Mom’s letter, here.”

He sez, “Is that a letter, no kidding? It looks like
a road map!”

Just then Major Brandt walks up and sez, “What’s
going on here, and what’s that thing?”

I explained about Stella’s picture and everything
and he sez, “Is that a letter, no kidding?” Then he
said, “We’ll have to take it up with the mail room to-
morrow.”

“I want Stella now,” I wailed. “I waited 4 1/2 years
for Stella and I want her now!”

“Look Zave,” he said. He used my first name but 
he didn’t sound to friendly. “You knock this crap
off and go back to your block.”

I started back to the block and then shot off the
main corridor towards the mail room. On the way
I bumped into a working buddy from the brick gang.
He grabbed my arm and said, “Hey, where ya goin’,
Zave? It’s check time already.”

I said, “Leggo, I gotta find Stella!”

He looked at me funny and sez, “For a minute
there I thought you said, ‘I gotta find Stella”.

I said, “Go to hell!” and pulled my arm free. But
I had to go back to the cell block anyway, cause my
buddy told me everyone down front went home al-
ready. When I got back to the block the hack sez,
“Where the hell’ve you been Bilkowskovie? I’m try-
ing to make count. Get in your cell!”

I said, “Go to hell,” and jumped in my cell. The
hack snapped the lock on me and said, “That’ll cost
ya, Bilkowskovic. I’m writin’ a misconduct on ya!”

At that point I didn’t care, so I sat down on the
edge of my bunk to mope and finish the rest of
mom’s big letter. She goes on-to say...

“If you don’t mind her three kids, because
she likes them quite’a bit. Theyre nice look-
ing kids, but they don’t look alike. I think
youll like them anyway, Francis Xavier.
Even if none of them looks like you. Stella
all reddy wrote and ast to go on your mail-
ing list, so good luck to you, my dear son.

So much love to you from your dearly be-
loved mother.

Yours truly,
Mom

I laid mom’s letter down with mixed emotions and
started to roll another ‘Billy the Kid’ when the thin
cigarette paper slipped out of my hand and fluttered
under my bunk. I got down on all fours and hunted
for it. The light was dim and I’m groping for it way
underneath, when my fingers bumped into a piece of
hard, curved paper. My hand trembled as I straight-
ened up and turned the paper over. It was Stella!
Holy Toledo!

She leaped out at me from the glossy print, and
her voluptuousness surrounded me with a warm feel-
ing. I had found the picture that wasn’t even lost.
Gad, those Bikinis are something! Or nothing, which-
ever way you look at them. And mom was right.
Stella is a looker, that’s for sure. And what a shape!
Wow!

I called the block hack over and said, “I found
Stella under the bed and I’m sorry I popped off at
Ya. Do you want to see her?”

He gives me this funny look and sez, “That’s O.K.
Bilkowskovie. I didn’t write you up yet, anyhow.”
Then he takes the picture and looks at it and his
Adam’s apple jumps up and down. “Wow!” he
croaks, ‘She sure is some looker, ain’t she?”

That night I stay in my cell and wrote a letter to
mom instead of going to the movie. Who wants to
see a crummy movie with Stella around. I said...

Dear Mom,

I received your letter and the picture of
Stella, and you’re right, mom. She sure is a
looker. You be sure and tell her right away
I’m glad she wants to write to me, and I
think she sure is a looker. Tell her I don’t
care about the 3 kids. None of us is perfect,
you know. You be sure and tell her that.

Mon, you gotta straten papa out. He had

13 jobs last year and 9 jobs already this
year. You tell him I said, “Straten up,
papa, or I'll whack your tail a good one
when I get out.” And tell Pauline I said to
put on a long skirt and go back to school,
and to stop sucker punching the teachers,
or she’ll end up a bum. There’s enough
bums in the family already. You tell her I
said so, or I’ll whack her tail a good one
when I get out. I don’t want her in the fact-
ory with that Sauerwein, either. Do you
hear? I know a few things about Moe, and
it ain’t all just pinching legs, either.
Well, mom there ain’t too much to write
about in this place, so I’ll close this letter
by telling you to tell Stella what I told you
to tell her. She sure is a looker, mom. I
grant you that, alright.

Your loving son,
Francis Xavier Bilkowskovic

P.S. No, mom. They don’t have no chawk-
let covered crickets here...
