---
id: "1111"
title: "Think You Have Troubles? People All Over Complain of the Oddest Things"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THINK YOU HAVE TROUBLES?
PEOPLE ALL OVER COMPLAIN OF THE ODDEST THINGS

A Pasadena, California, woman complained to the
police that someone was breaking into her home every
night...and leaving money in her purse!

Brownsville, Texas, lawmen heard the story of a
nine-year-old boy who was beset and pummeled by a
group of angry little girls...for refusing to kiss them!

In New Britain, Connecticut, a man charged that
someone was picking up his small foriegn car from its
parking place in front of his house, and putting it in
the middle of the road!

Even stranger complaints have resounded in the
ears of law enforcement officials throughout the world.

In Hanau, Germany, it was alleged that a hotel man-
ager was turning bedbugs loose ina competitor’s hotel.
A farmer in Lodi, Italy, complained that someone had
slipped into his pasture and snipped the tails off his
39 cows. A London women said that her landlord, who
wanted her to move, had seen her wash drying on the
line and had sprinkled her undies with itching powder!

Lawmen, of course, aren’t the only people who hear
odd complaints in the line of duty. Doctors do, too.
Valentin Medina, a 61-year-old Spanish farmhand, pre-
sented himself in 1960 at a Madrid hospital with the
claim that he never slept. A hometown doctor affirmed
that he had never known Medina to catch a wink of
sleep in 50 years!

Commonest health complaint? It seems to be atoss-
up between the common cold and the headache; the per-
son who has totally escaped either one is a medical
rarity. The average American gets three colds a year,
and an estimated 85% of Americans suffer from head-
aches.

With these statistics, its hardly surprising that as-
pirin, taken to relieve headache pain and cold discom-
forts as well as for a variety of other complaints, is
the world’s most widely-used medication. Americans
alone take about 16 billion aspirin tablets a year; rec-
ently, The Bayer Company produced its 100 billionth
aspirin tablet. Small wonder it’s been said that the two
things which answer more complaints+than anything
else in the world are the police department and the
aspirin tablet!

But even aspirin probably would not have cured the
"headache" of the young couple who returned to their
Pueblo, California, home after a vacation...and found
that someone had entered the house in their absence
and mixed about 30 gallons of cherry-flavored gelatin
in the bathtub!

On the other hand, a Tokyo man might have done
well to gulp a couple of aspirin tablets before he de-
cided that an inefficient telephone operator gave him
a pain...and showed his annoyance by setting fire to
the phone booth!

Short tempers have spurred other bizarre complaints.
In Cleveland, Ohio, a complaint was filed against a
painter who grabbed a women and painted both her
arms green. Seems she’d been bothering him with re-
peated criticisms of the way he was painting her garage.

The all-time bad sportmanship record is probably
held by the girl in Schongau, Germany, who attended
her former beau’s wedding...and demonstrated her dis-
pleasure by knocking him down during the ceremony!

Light fingered citizens come in for their share of
crazy charges. In Tuscon, Arizona, somebody broke
into a chicken coop twice inone week, each time steal-
ing a hen and replacing it with a rooster!

But that was nothing compared with the exploit of
the unknown thief who filched a 2’ x 18’ strip of as-
phalt from a Dunstable, Massachusetts, street...or
the burglar in Santiago, Chile, who entered a man’s
house while he slept, lifted him gently off the bed and
put him on the floor without awakening him...then made
off with the bed!

Less oblivious to it all was the Davenport, Iowa,
woman who complained that a teenager had ridden a
bicycle over her back while she lay sunbathing in the
park.

Some people won’t give a man a sporting chance:
a complaint filed in Columbus, Ohio, stated that six
men were gambling in the waiting room of the unemploy-
ment office.

On the other hand you can’t blame a Garfield, III-
inois, resturant owner for being disconcerted when a
man seeking a snack entered his eatery...on horseback!

It had to happen and it finally did: in Manila, the
Philippines, a man complained that his dog had been
severely bitten on the neck...by a seventeen-year old
boy!
