---
id: "1113"
title: "Philadelphia Chess Association"
author: "Strehle, Edward R."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0028.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Philadelphia Chess Association

Affiliated with the U. S. Chess Federation :
BLUE CROSS, 1339 Chestnut Street
Philadeiphia, Pa. 19107 

Officers
EDWARD R. STREHLE, President 
3480 Emerald St., Phila.; Pa. 19134

HERBERT C. GROSS, Secretary
1008 Walnut St., Phila., Pa. 19107

AL SUAREZ, 1st Vice President

ARTHUR CASTLEMAN, 2nd Vice President

SAMUEL N, GERSON, Treasurer

Tournament Directors

Championship Team — E. STREHLE
Reserve Teams — E. STREHLE
Industrial Teams — CHAS. VAN WINKLE
High School League — AL QUINDRY
Intercollegiate Teams— J. POLITOWSKI

July 25, 1966

Editor, Chess News 
The Eastern Echo

On behalf of the officers and members of the Phila, Chess Assn. I wish
to take this opportunity to congratulate the present and past personnel of the
Eastern Echo on its tenth anniversary. I also extend congratulations to the
entire management of SCIPHA for their continued encouragement of this fine pub-
lication.

During the eight years I have been a reader of the Echo, I have been
continually pleased with the type of material presented, and the talent of the
many writers of the various articles published. Of course, being a "chess nut"
one of my favorite pages is Chess News by Martin J. Pearson, This is another
example of accurate reporting, general throughout the entire magazine. 

I feel that the quality of the Echo is a reflection of the type of
person who will eventually be given another chance to resume the responsibility
of good citizenship.

I have been a guest of the ESP Chess Club on many occasions, and feel :
that I have never expressed my appreciation for what you contribute to the
chess commmity of Phila. First by being a perfect host to the various chess
clubs who match wits with you each year. Second by your continued display of
good sportmanship at each contest you play. Third by the type of players you
have been losing to the rest of the league, and I know that hurts ESP, but you
wouldn't have it any different. To the best of my knowledge these players trans-
ferring to other clubs are rarely returned to you.

The Eastern Echo is doing a good job in Public Relations by promoting a
better understanding between the community and the man who has been given another
chance to make good,

Happy Tenth Birthday,

Edward R. Strehle
