---
id: "1114"
title: "Appointment Confirmed For Director of Treatment"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
APPOINTMENT CONFIRMED FOR DIRECTOR OF TREATMENT

It takes skill to separate fact from fiction in the
fanciful yarns flowing constantly through the inter-
nal grapevine. One of the wildest and most wishful
stories to come through in recent times predicted the
appointment of Mr. Joseph Maher, 7-Gallery ‘‘head
shrinker’’ (as he and his colleagues were referred
to hereabouts) to the position of Director of Treat-
ment eons (and this is important to note) before
there was even a suggestion that the DOT position
was going to become vacant.

When the Director of Treatment vacancy actually
occured those of us who had picked up the Maher
appointment when it first appeared on the ‘‘wire
service’’ simply waited for ‘‘the day to follow the
night’’ so to speak.

The man, Joseph Maher, age 382, psychologist,
was officially appointed to the job, Director of Treat-
ment, September 1, 1966, after serving as ‘‘house”’
psychologist since August 1962 (also the date he
commenced working at SCIPHA).

Education: attended LaSalle College and did
undergraduate work in psychology; also did graduate
work and clinical training in psychology at Temple
University; took corollary courses in foreign lan-
guages and methods of teaching same—specializing
in German. Note: Mr. Maher plans to continue
studies toward a degree in criminology or corrections.

Experience: worked in casework department of
Philadelphia County, Department of Public Assist-
ance - 14 years; counselor and administrator of clinics
treating alcoholics in a local General Hospital and
suburban private hospital - 4 years; worked as a
psychologist at SCIPHA - 4 years.

Maher and his wife (no children—yet) live in
West Mt. Airy, Philadelphia. His hobbies include
camping, sailing, reading and music—he loves folk
music, attends folk concerts and, as he says,‘‘plays
at the guitar.’’ He has four years military service
in the U. 8. Coast Guard, was honorably discharged
and had obtained the rate of hospital corpsman
1/class at time of separation.

Mr. Maher is a member of the following orga-
nizations: West Mt. Airy Neighbors Association,
Middle Atlantic Conference of Parole & Probation,
Pennsylvania Association of Parole and Probation,
American Correctional Association.
