---
id: "1115"
title: "Concert Band Commended"
author: "Berg, William"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Concert
Band
Commended

It has seldom been the pleasure of the reviewer
to experience as enjoyable a program as the one
offered by the institution band on November 15, 1966.

This ensemble under the able direction of its
leader, Robert Barclay, Music Director, produced, in
this writer’s opinion, a tonal quality and beauty of
sound not often heard at a concert in an institution
setting.

To begin with, the band performed as a unit.
There were no noticeably missed cues; the various
sections came in precisely; and the coda executed as
required. Whatever flaws appeared, can be attributed
more to imperfect acoustics and amplification than to
faulty playing or poor musicianship.

Probably more outstanding than the instrumental
and vocal versatility displayed was the range and un-
usualness of the program itself. Mr. Barclay dared
to tackle musical works more adaptable for symphonic
groups and carried them successfully. The writer
must admit that he was apprehensive because of the
nature of the program selections and the limitations
imposed by the available instrumentation, but his
fears soon proved to be unfounded once the band
demonstrated its sure-fire proficiency.

The concert was a stunning success and proved
once again that spirit, determination, and skill will
overcome a dearth of instruments and personnel.

by—William Berg
Director of Treatment (EDCC)
