---
id: "1117"
title: "In Memoriam"
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
IN MEMORIAM

On July 38, 1966, a host of present and past pris-
oners of this institution lost a friend in the death of
Joseph Paull. Mr. Paull, born in the village of Mingo
in Poland, came to America in 1907 to represent
Switzerland in the International Motorcycle Races in
New York City. After this event, Joe decided to stay
in this country; he came to Philadelphia and got a
job in a Slaughterhouse. Later, he opened his own
butcher shop which he built into a thriving business
across the years.

On the side, he became a strong man and wrestler
with a professional troupe. Known as ‘‘The Iron
King,’’ he stood six feet, two inches, and weighed 220
pounds. He could drive a blunt penny nail through
a two-inch plank with the palm of his hand, and made
a practice of twisting iron bars into knots for the
amusement of his friends.

In 1926, Mr. Paull was asked to entertain pris-
oners at Eastern State Penitentiary with his feats of
strength. After the program, the strong man spoke
with some of the prisoners and found that many of
them were unable to obtain parole because they had
no jobs in prospect. He immediately undertook an
independent program aimed at providing jobs and
security for convicts and parolees.

Joe Paull was described in his obituary as “a
former professional strong man, and humanitarian.”
We, here at SCIPHA, knew Joe to be a humanitarian
and more. Many men knew him to be a friend and
helper—often when all other pleas for help went un-
heeded. It has been estimated that he was personally
responsible for finding employment for more than 300
parolees over the years. He was a familiar figure who
could be seen almost every Sunday morning at the
prison talking with inmates and participating in
Synagogue services. Although a devout Jewish man,
his counsel and help were available to any man re-
geardless of race or creed.

In the Bible (Genesis 45:4) the story is told how
Joseph, having been sold into slavery by his brothers
and thence taken into Egypt, yet managed with the
help of God to establish himself as the Pharaoh’s
governor. Later, in a time of famine, Joseph’s broth-
ers traveled to Egypt to purchase grain. In dramatic
sequence the brothers come before Joseph (now un-
recognized as the younger brother to whom they sold
years earlier into slavery). Joseph, compassion and
forgiveness welling up in his heart, cries to them: ‘‘I
am Joseph, your brother !”

Joe Paull, for years came to despairing and for-
eotten men in this place, and said to them by word
and deed: I AM JOSEPH, YOUR BROTHER ...

Father John McHugh
Reverend Nathaniel Williams
Reverend Sidney Barnes
