---
id: "1119"
title: "Major League Softball Champs"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_fal1966_body0034.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
MAJOR LEAGUE SOFTBALL CHAMPS

SOFTBALL (Major League) 
Front row, left to right: Herb Allen, Harry Zietz, Charles 
“Mutt” Holden, Norman Pearson, Thomas “Pee Wee’’ 
Hopkins. Standing: Dallas "Chief" Custalow, Heyward
Speaks, Jesse Murphy, Joseph ‘‘G. I. Joe’’ McNair, Ed
“Golden Glove" Scoleri, William ‘‘Arkansas’’ Wilson.

1966 CUBAN LEAGUE SOFTBALL SEASON

It started with a bang and ended with a wimper—
is the only way to adequately describe the Cuban
League Softball season.

The four clubs (in their finishing order: Falcons,
Dodgers, Mustangs and Braves), started the season
as do most clubs with great expectations. This
is where the similarity ends. Before we discuss the
high and low points of each club, however, a great
deal of credit must be given to the Commissioners
and Umpires—‘The Unsung Heros” of the game who
gave of their recreation time to make possible the
orderly and sometimes disorderly performances of
each game. Anyone who has umpired knows that
overseeing “‘the game” is (to put it mildly) a trying
task considering all the egos which come into play
with each ball, strike, hit or error. Our hats are off
to, Frank Armstead, Commissioner; Richard D.
Frick, Gen. Manager; William Schaeffer, Chief Um-
pire; Al. LaRue, Calvin Crist, George Hunter, Cleve
Brown and Jerry Haas, Umpires. We look forward
to a repeat performance next year—that is, if they
are unlucky enough to be here.

About club expectations. Let’s examine these
expectations and results. Starting with the champ-
ionship team; the Falcons were without a doubt the
most well rounded team, with the most dedicated
managerial, scouting and coaching staff in the
league. A club must have the ball players to win,
but they must also have leadership and this is where
the Falcons surpassed every club in the league with
its veteran owner G. I. Joe MeNeair at the helm.

The Falcons “Team” (and they played as a team!)
were lucky in that they retained six of their veterans
while recruiting some real top players. Since they
played as a team, we hesitate to mention any one
particular member but it is the opinion of the
League, as well as the Faleons team members, that
Charles “Mutt” Holden; pitcher for the Falcons, was
a real standout; winning 38 games, 3 of which were
No-hitters, and 18 were shut-outs. Other Falcon
members include, Ed. Scoleri, a real scrappy third
baseman, J. “Spike” Salvanish, James Frame, Willie
“Ark” Wilson, Barney McMullen and our Willie
“NoNo” Smith, the old pro. Marvin Thompson and
Dallas Custalow, first class first basemen, Ray Mur-
phy, “Mutt’s” capable battery mate, Herb Allen,
Murrell Bedford, J. Hopkins and Norman Pearson,
outfielders, Harry Zietz, the ballplayer’s ballplayer,
and Howard Speaks, scout and coach. The pennant
winning Falcons are the champs for now. Next year
they will be called on to prove themselves worthy.

THE DODGERS who finished second in the last
half of the season gave the Falcons its stiffest com-
petition in the stretch. After a dismal first half, its
club set out to prove what many had predicted:
“If there was a serious challenge to the Falcons,
it would come from the Dodgers. Lou McCloud, able
manager for the Dodgers, really whipped them into
shape. Joe Massanova after a series of injuries
pitched a pretty good second half, winning 16 games,
while only losing 7. It appears that the Dodgers’
weakness was its fielding. Its hitting was as good or
possibly better than any club in the league, but as
most ball players know, you can give ’em away much
faster than you can get ’em. This summation would
be incomplete without favorable mention of Wade
Horner, the Dodgers’ capable catcher, Bill Tatum,
Flip Ellis, Frank Smith and Rufus Hawkins, all of
whom figured prominently in the second half drive.
The Dodgers will be primed for the coming season
and are without a doubt worthy opponents.

As mentioned in the first half, THE MUSTANGS
are a ascrappy club and were expected to make things
hot for any elub it met. In the beginning it lived up
to its name, “Mustangs” but during the second half
a funny thing happened on the way to the stretch
and instead of tightening up, they fell apart. Man-
ager, Chuck Taylor, while an excellent player, leaves
something to be desired as a manager. Maybe it’s a
little unfair to blame the downfall of the Mustangs
on Chuck. But he is the manager! So, not to deviate
from the old maxim, I join the mob in ealling for
Chuck’s scalp! While I’m in this spirit of benevo-
lence, I might as well call for C. C. Clark’s sealp, too!
C. C. pitched a few good games and could have
pitched more if he would concentrate more on pitch-
ing and less on umpiring. Aside from the Mustangs’
disorganization, I feel this club has the material to
be a serious contender next year. Bobby Gerlack, for
example, has been the top second sacker in the
league. Other luminaries on this team include John
“Mae” Mangan, J. “Flip” Fleming, John Butler,
Martin Swoboda, and, last but not least, Chuck
“soon-to-be-scalped” Taylor. With better manage-
ment, this club can live up to its name, “Mustangs”
next year. After all, our “Mustangs” were famous
before Ford’s!

THE BRAVES had trouble getting a manager in
the beginning of the season, which might account for
their poor showing. The Braves finished last and,
as everyone knows, someone must finish last. If
anything can be said about the Braves, we must say
they were “brave”! This team hung in there and
proved that it’s not only the winning or losing that
eounts but how you play the game. These guys en-
joyed themselves and having nothing to lose (since
they were already in the cellar) gave the contenders
some anxious moments. Fred Jordan, in the dual
role of manager and pitcher, was hard pressed all
year. After pitching a strenuous game, not much
energy is left to meet the challenges inherent in
managing a ball club. In this ease, one hat is better
than two! Still in all, there are grounds for opti-
mism. There were a few standouts on this club, but
taking everything into consideration it was too much
of a team effort to mention any particular player.
The only place the Braves can go is UP! So let’s
get ‘em, Braves!
