---
id: "112"
title: "Somebody Hates Me Down There"
author: "Murphy, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SOMEBODY HATES
ME DOWN HERE

by Nudnick Gluskin, Ret.
as told to Francis A. Murphy

(With apologies to Rocky Graziano’s ‘‘Somebody Up There Likes Me’’)

My name is Nudnick Gluskin. I am the brother
of ‘‘Two-Headed’’ Gluskin who recently pitched for
the Phillies. He was the only pitcher who could
watch second base and home plate at the same time.
He’s gone now ... in his last game the bases were
loaded and he tried to watch first and third on a
double steal, and he blew a gasket. However, this
is a tale of MY frustrations in the prize ring.

To begin with, I was born Yemitch Gluskin, in
Las Vagas, but whoever heard of a fighter with a
name like Yemitch Gluskin? So I changed it legally
to Nudnick Gluskin. The first inkling that I was
fast with my hands came when I was seven years
old. I asked my Dad why I was never permitted to
go out and play with the other little boys and he
said for me to shut up and keep dealing. So I shut
up. You can’t fight City Hall. I knew Dad was in
a bad mood on account of losing his job in the Tele-
phone Company. Gee! If he only didn’t ask and
keep on asking, ‘‘Why are there 300 John Smiths in
the telephone directory and not one single Poca-
hontas?’’ And, to make matters worse, The Com-
mittee on Un-American Activities was after him for
reading ‘‘I Cut Stalin’s Hair’’ by Red Barber.

He finally found employment in a diaper
factory, writing slogans like ‘‘Use our Diapers—
Your Baby’s Bottom is Tops with Us.’’ But this
was not to last. About this time my four sisters
were born and when the nurse told him he was the
Daddy of four little girls he went out and bought
himself a fifth. When I finally found him, I thought
he had kicked the bucket but he only turned a little
‘paile. (iiates a easser, aint it?)

Yes, Dad finally went to pieces. His appetite
fell away and he would only take light nourishment,
real light nourishment, like... Three Feathers. He
wound up tickling himself to death with the same
Three Feathers. Died laughing, too.

As I’ve said, my brother, ‘‘Two-Head,’’ strangled
himself trying to watch first and third bases at the
same time and now Dad was poured away, so it was
time for me, Nudnick Gluskin, to make my way
alone, as all my sisters went to the Fiji Islands and
married itinerant cocoanut pickers.

I eventually made my way to New York City
and loitered around Gadison’s Spare Garden. I
was a pretty big boy in those days in my Adler
Elevated Shoes, and my appearance came to the
notice of a certain New York Boxing Promoter. He
approached me one day and asked, ‘‘You’re a fine
looking boy; what’s your Dad like?’’ I replied
that he liked beer and girls, Hal) ha! boy, me
replied. ‘‘With jokes like that, you must be able
to fight. Come with me.’’

What a night! My first fight and I'll never
forget it... it was almost my last. This palooka
came at me when the bell rang as if I was a Parole
Agent. With one punch he moved my nose exactly
nine inches upward and to this very day I have to
take my hat off when I want to blow my nose. In
the second round I seared him to death... he thought
he killed me. I had blood all over him... my
blood.

When I came back to my corner, my Manager
said, ‘‘Good boy, Nudnick, he never touched you.’’
I thought this over for a while and then I told him
that if that palooka had never touched me, then he
better watch that referee’s right hand because some-
body was belting me. That guy pounded me down
so far that after the fight, when I got dressed, my
ears were sticking out of my pants pockets. The
only time I touched him was when we shook hands
before the fight.

The next day I vowed to quit the ring. My
face was scratched up like a near-sighted berry
picker’s, and it took three king-sized Styptic Pencils
to stop the bleeding. I had a touch of the grippe,
too, for when that guy swung and missed me he
generated enough wind to give most people pneu-
monia. Anyway, I applied for employment at a
window shade factory and when the man asked if I
knew how to make a Venetian Blind, I replied,
‘‘Sure, just stick your cotton pickin’ finger in his
eye.’’ (So it’s an old joke. O.K., sue me—Author.)

Well, jobs were hard to get in those days
so I was lucky in being drafted even though I was
classified 4 F-X (Single Man with Furniture.) They
took me anyway. After the usual Army routine,
I was shipped to Egypt. (That’s why this story
Sphinx.) I didn’t mind that, but I did mind the
over-sized shoes that they issued to me. I was the
only man in my outfit who could do a Right-Face
without moving my shoes. It was while I was sta-
tioned in Egypt that I fell asleep while reading a
novel entitled, ‘‘Go Get the Rent Money, Dad,—
Mother Just Crapped out’’. I fell asleep inside an
Egyptian pyramid and my head has been pointed
ever since. There were many lovely Egyptian 
maidens in our area, but I never knew it until I
heard one fellow say, ‘‘Girls here are a dime a
dozen.’’ And all the while I had been buying Jelly
Beans! After that the fellows started calling me
“Soft Drink’’ because I’d go with anybody from
Seven Up.

One night while listening to the radio, I heard
my favorite song, ‘‘There Are So Many Holes In The
Mattress, It Might As Well Be Spring’’. Being in
a romantic mood, I accidentally met a real Egyptian
princess who was warmer than the inside of an
Egyptian Camel Doctor’s medicine kit. So, to make
a good impression J sang the Indian Love Call to her,
but she just looked at me and said, ‘‘Ugh!’’ She
asked me if I knew any W.A.C.S. or WOCS. I
replied that I knew a WAC, but wocks are what
you frow at wabbits.

She was very interested in America and radio
announcers in particular. She wanted to know why
announcers have small hands because she was always
hearing about their ‘‘wee paws’’ for station identi-
fication. It was while I was giving my attention
to an act in the floor show that the princess became
angry with me. She said, ‘‘Why look at a ham
when you have a pig with you?’’ J heard later that
she was a bad one and that her interest turned to
spiritualism. You could say she went from bad to
medium.

On the way back to camp on my lemae (that’s
eamel, spelled backwards), Omar, my camel driver,
told me that Whistler, the celebrated artist, had been
arrested. It seems that he met his Mother while
out for a walk and, being somewhat surprised, he
asked her, ‘‘What’s the matter, Ma, you off your
rocker ?’’

Note: Whistler was the artist who painted his
Mother—that is, he painted a picture of her sitting
moodily in a rocking chair, staring at a door. An
unimpeachable source informs me that she was sit-
ting there waiting for her old man who finally stag-
gered in about 4:00 A.M. that morning.

To return to my car rear, I mean my career, I
continued to box in the Army and I also continued
to lose. All except one fight. It was after the rosin
sears on my back healed that I gained my first
victory. It was the main bout of the card and took
place in the town arena. When they played ‘‘The
Star-Spangled Banner’’ and my opponent was at
attention, I sipped over and belted him. He was un-
able to answer the bell for the first round. You
might have heard of him: ‘‘Canvasback’’ O’Brien
was his name. He is now an illiterate linotype
operator. I went on to beat him the same way on
three other occasions. After the third time, he
shimmied and shook while he walked and kept
saying’ ‘‘You’re nothing but a hound dog.’’ Later,
he was known as the Pelvis Kressley of Grace Ferry. .

Well, that’s my story. I’m back in the States
now and living here rent-free at the Walled-Off-
Astoria. They like me here and wouldn’t think of
letting me go. Although I’m getting old, I still
intend to make a name for myself. So you ean be
sure that you’ll be hearing about me because... I
smoke in bed... but I wear pumps.
