---
id: "1122"
title: "Football"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0038.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Preceded by a series of dedicated practice ses-
sions (an altogether unusual activity for the citizens
of these parts) E.S.P. football, ’66 version, was un-
vieled on Labor Day with a spirited pre-season exhibi-
tion game featuring the Angels and 1965 champion
Conquerors, won by the Conquerors 12 to 6. Septem-
ber 11, the ‘‘new’’ Packers made their debut (also
an exhibition) a successful one by besting the Angels
12 to 7. League play began September 18, 1966.

As in past years three teams again participated
in the league—ANGELS, CONQUERORS and the
PACKERS under ‘‘new’’ management. All well bal-
anced and evenly matched as is attested to by the
fact that there were no less than 6 scoreless ties
involving all three teams.

Following, in the order of their respective won-
loss records, is a review of the teams and personnel.

The CONQUERORS experienced some minor
difficulty recruiting and as the season got underway
it looked as if last years champs might be this years
‘‘chumps.’’ But there was George Miketish and Cal-
vin Milligan (‘‘Mr. Quarterback’’) to be reckoned
with. ‘‘Mac’’ kept hustling hither and yon getting
the necessary ‘‘autographs,’’ and Calvin, well, any-
time he can gather 10 other guys and a football to-
gether he’s going to make things rough for the
opposition.

Some of last year’s Conquerors still remain and
formed the nucleus around which this years team was
built—Russell Budd, ‘‘Rosy’’ Minter, ‘“‘Big Six’’
Connors, Jimmy Hoyt and Milligan himself. Also
acquiting themselves like true Conquerors were: C. C.
Clark, Murray Dickerson, Charley Butler, Andrew
Lopes, James Brickhouse, Martin Swoboda, ‘‘Gypsy’’
Feree, Joe Salladino, Leonard Massey, John Lujack,
Alvey Chauncy, Steve Schartner, Robert Cole, Fred
Goerner, William Corbett, Dennis Shields and Charles
‘‘Rocky’’ Negri. The latter two joined the team for
the last two games and were of definite help in the
clinching of the championship.

Calvin Milligan, field general of these gridiron
titans, demonstrated week after week, his competence
in this role. Calvin’s particular brand of football is
based upon systematically undermining a specific area
of the oppositions defense. The merit of this strategy
18 evident in that teams under his leadership have won
two championships in a row.

The fans were particularly impressed with the
‘‘nower sweep’’ used so effectively with ‘‘Rosy’’ Min-
ter stepping beautifully along behind tremendous
blocking by all-pro’s Russell Budd, James Brickhouse,
‘“Gypsy’’ Feree and Martin Swoboda, the strong side
of the Conquerors line. Often providing the key block
which enabled a runner to spring free for the long
scoring runs would be the other running backs. C.
Clark, ‘‘Sonny’’ Lopes, Murray Dickerson, ‘‘Beau’’
Massey and Calvin himself.

The important role of a tough, good blocking
line is known to all of us and need not be discussed
at any great length here, suffice it to say the Con-
queror line did its ‘‘job.’’ And thereby permitted
the backs to do theirs; which after all comes down
to what the game is all about. A team effort on the
part of eleven individuals.

The defensive players of this team deserve every
plaudit received. Opponents total score for 7 games
played were 7 points. Which, if my arithmetic is
correct, averages out to 1 point a game. Led by
Budd, Brickhouse, Cole, Chauncy, Schartner, and the
leading pass interceptor of the league, Massey, these
guys did one whale of a job.

Keeping an ear to the ground enables one to
pick up quite a bit (besides dirt, that is) and so far
I haven’t heard any vociferous cries to ‘‘break-up’’
the Conquerors, a disgruntled crack or two, but noth-
ing to get really excited about. Besides, the only way
they could ‘‘break-up’’ the Conquerors would be to
send us all home.

Congratulations Conquerors! Champions of the
E.S.P. football scene for the second straight year.

ANGELS

The ANGELS, a Lomax and Welty production,
drew immediate rave notices from all of E.S.P. fan-
dom, not a few of whom are most critical in regard
to upstart new football teams.

Losing 2 successive exhibition games made for
some momentary pessimistic speculation, but when the
official league play began the Angels grabbed first
place by winning 2, and tying 2 in their first four
starts (All of which goes to show a poor exhibition
or two does not a season make). In their last 4 games
they won 1, lost 2, and tied for a final record of 3
wins, 2 losses, 3 scoreless ties.

Comprising the heaviest (average) line in the
league this year were Ronald ‘‘Big Boy’’ Lomax, 270;
John ‘‘ El Snako’’ Welty, 230; Dave Haan, 220; Con-
way, 200; Stanley Moroz, 190. Les Karrer and Otis
Halloway were offensive ends. ‘‘Hillbilly’’ was the
all important center. Calling the signals at quarter-
back was Harry ‘‘Roll-out’’ Zietz, who had ‘‘a very
good year.’’ Handling the fullback chores was Henry
‘‘Big Hank’’ Buckery who likes to run the ball; left-
half was Marvin Thompson, a picture runner; ‘‘Mr.
Blocking Back’’ S. Cantoral provided his usual con-
sistent brand of play, and MeMillan and ‘‘Goodie’’
Goodman rounded out the backfield. Alfred Sheppard,
Steve, Joe Massanova, James Banks, ‘‘Dutch’’ Bagely,
‘‘Red’’ Smith and William ‘‘ Pencil Willie’’ Thornton
all specialized on defense and did a very commendable
job.

Coach Billy Cantoral ‘‘spotting,’’ shuttling play-
ers in and out of the line-up, and shouting: words of
encouragement to the men on the field, handled a
difficult assignment like he’d been around the game
‘‘awhile.’’ (He has, and that’s a fact!)

‘‘Pencil Willie" sustained an aggravating knee
injury early in the season and was out the remainder
of the year. The Angels sorely missed his stellar de-
fensive line play.

PACKERS

The PACKERS, ‘‘shoo-ins,’’ odds-on-favorites,
just about everybody’s pick to win it ‘‘all’’ hands
down, etc.

This imposing array of talent gathered together
in early August, started practicing in earnest, and
seemed destined to make a shambles of any and all
opposition. What happened between then and the end
of the season frustrated the team, disappointed its
followers and baffled the experts. Four losses, four
scoreless ties, and not a single victory is indeed an
unimpressive showing. And yet they really didn’t
play as badly as all this would seem to indicate.

A big, aggressive line including: John Amato,
Charley Gindle, Robert Stubblebein, Dennis Shields,
Jimmy Sezulzewski, Frank Gambino, Bobby Lightkep
as the “lonely end’’ (he hadn’t heard about Dial)
and ‘‘Kookie’’ Nash provided good blocking for the
running of Jerry Richardson, Ed ‘‘Scooter’’ Scoleri,
Ray Thompson and Arthur ‘‘Blackie’’ Brodman. He,
incidently, bore the brunt of the criticism in regards
to the failure to win (A winning team is a good team,
a loser always has a bum coach, dumb quarterback,
ete.). The defensive specialists were Charles ‘‘Rocky’’
Negri, Edward “‘Big Ed’’ Brewer, James ‘‘Smiley”’
Crowson, Joseph Haler, Richard Edwards, George
Jamitowski and Ralph Hiester. Good football players
to the last man, which makes the results of their
efforts all the more of a mystery.

Ralph “Thunder’’ Staino who was to have sup-
plied the power running from the fullback spot, was
afflicted by a massive paranychia (hang nail of the
big toe) which resulted in his being sidelined the
entire season. Having listened to other reasons and
excuses advanced for the Packers dismal showing . . .
sort of makes me wonder what might have been if . . .

‘‘Jerry’’ Richardson, the little halfback with the
big heart, fractured both bones in his lower right leg.
We all wish him a speedy and complete recovery.

Shown here with Andy Johnson, Athletic Director, are
the men responsible for the organization and officiating
of the Softball League. They are from left to right, front
row: Richard Keyes, umpire; Richard Frick, Minor
League Commissioner; Andy Johnson, Frank Armstead,
Major League Commissioner. Back row: Arthur Parker;
William Schaeffer, chief umpire; Fred Goerner, league
secretary; Cleveland Brown, umpire; Carl Thornton, um-
pire; Alphonso LaRue, umpire; Calvin Crisp, umpire.

OLD MEN AGAIN BEAT YOUNGSTERS

Unlike most holidays within these ‘‘unhallowed’’
walls, Thanksgiving Davy is an eagerly awaited occa-
sion—for it means the annual ‘‘old’’ men vs. young
men’s football game.

It is flattering, if one is touching forty, to watch
youth’s physical extravagances being pitted against
the cerebral cunning of age. If one is twenty-five, it
is distressing to see youthful vigor expended in a
futile attempt to overcome experience and know-how.

That’s how it was, Thanksgiving 1966—at least
during the first half of the game, during which the
young-at-heart old men scored all of their 15 points
in a 15 to 12 victory—yea! ‘‘Old folks.’’

Effortlessly, at first, the aging—ageless—athletes,
ran all over and around the ‘‘young lions.’’ Harry
Zietz, playing what might well have been his finest
game, displayed remarkable efficiency handling and
throwing the ball. With dead-eye accuracy, Harry
lofted a ‘‘bomb’’ to ‘‘Flip’’ Fleming before the game
was five minutes old. (It simply isn’t true oxygen
was administered to our hero immediately thereafter. )
Calvin Milligan, a brilliant runner in everybody’s
book, young or old, scored the second t.d. on a nifty
ramble of 25 yards. “‘Snako’’ Welty, with the help
of his trusty cane, kicked a field goal for the winning
margin of victory.

Of course no one knew, after half time, that
the old guys would win. As the second half got
underway, odds were off that they would even finish
afoot. The youngsters hurled themselves furiously at
the opposing line with a freshness that augered ill
for the tiring old men. Vim, vigor and Hadocol
seemed cruelly to have deserted them; limbs simply
could not execute what mind and experience could
See so well. The game, moving to its final stages,
became a very threatening thing for them as the
youngsters relentlessly kept the pressure on the slowly
wilting defensive team.

Sheer brawn availed them naught. The final gun
sounded, and despite a mighty last ditch surge, the
youngsters had failed to pull it off.

Lomax, Roosevelt, ‘‘ Big Hank’’ and Massey (who
scored on a 60 yard scamper which he will describe
in detail at anytime) and their youthful teammates
will have to wait until next year to taste (perhaps)
the fruits of victory.

“MIDGET” FOOTBALL

As we tended to the myriad of last minute details
just prior to going to press, it was brought to my
attention that football is still “‘big’’ on the E.S.P.
gridiron scene. So, venturing forth this past week-
end to satisfy both my curiosity and a request for
Echo publicity, I encountered a titanic struggle of
lilliputians. Two teams of lightweights, mosquito-
weights, ete., like really small, having a ‘‘ball.’’

Warren ‘‘Biggie’’ Zachary coaches and quarter-
backs one team, and William ‘‘Red’’ Smith the other.
Weather permitting they will be holding forth each
Sunday a.m. for the next three weeks and hope to
See your face among the sideline crowd.
