---
id: "1124"
title: "so here I am"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Klauzenberg, John"
year: "1966"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "2"
_page: "40"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1966_body0042.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
so here I am

Jerry Haas has gone where the grass is truly greener. Echo, being a prison
creature, remains with us. What to do with this featureless monster? make
wallander editor. That’s it!

That’s it, huh!

During the five years that I have been reading Hcho—with only a few
exceptions—this publication has displayed a remarkable agility for avoiding
issues vital to all of us. Well now, I am not so agile. Nor is my inclination
as editor such as to allow me at any time to embrace the specious reasoning
which causes its adherents to always duck, but never oh never toss a punch.

There will be some changes made. I have concocted a simple Echo formula
designed to justify for all minds these changes: The Eastern Echo 1s a journal
primarily expressing inmate views, beliefs, opinions and convictions authored
by inmates in articles on any and all topics germane to his life as prisoner or
free man.

Although the Echo ‘‘writing staff" (Tommy Williams, Lou McCloud,
Terry Baulkman, Norman Pearson and Frank Rouse) are eager to be heard, all
of us are of one mind in that articles written by inmates, not with staff affilia-
tion, should appear in print more often than has been happening. Indeed, we
are most willing for your articles to shove us right off the pages!

For this to occur it is of course necessary that you submit material for
publication. But first, it is essential that the author be discreet in selecting the
vocabulary to best express his thought. And last, to keep reasonably clear of
the author’s bugaboo—rewrite, I recommend to you this guideline (One which
I shall have in mind as I edit your work.) : It frequently happens that having
one’s name after an article denoting authorship is not an adequate reminder
for the reader that he is reading an opinion, belief, etc., of the author. The
reader may become confused and think he is reading something that is factual,
when what he is doing is reading opinion no matter how learned. So let us
keep our readers aware of what they are reading. It is easily accomplished just
by inserting (where proper) expressions such as: ‘‘In my opinion—,’’or “‘As I
see it—,’’ and ‘‘It seems to me—’’; these and other such identifying terms
serve to keep things nicely organized in our minds. Then too, when using a
quote, make sure the reader knows that someone is being quoted and who that
someone is. Make every effort to note within your article, media from which
quoted material has been extracted.

This brings us to the changes or innovations which will be initiated in the
upcoming Eastern Echo. May I renund all of you, as you read the following,
of the Echo formula as stated above.

1. Echo to be printed black ink on white, cheaper paper throughout. This
is being done for economy reasons, ease of printing plus speed in production.
But more: We are going to look like we mean business, and we do!

2. There will be a ‘‘local news section.’’ In this section will appear any
noteworthy prison happenings. Chess, sports, music pages or sections or depart-
ments will no longer exist as such. ‘‘Local News’’ will be treated considerately
but briefly.

3. Somehow, in a journal of serious inmate thought, the movie schedule
hardly seems important—especially as it does appear elsewhere and is not timely
in the Echo. That’s scrapped!

4. Crossword puzzles are to be found in each Philadelphia paper delivered
to this prison. Ours—is gone!

5. Articles will not be solicited from the prison’s staff for publication in
the Echo—with one exception. Mr. Brierley will be urged to say more to us
in his message. Other members of prison staff not excluded from writing in
Echo—but may have article(s) rejected. All articles are subject to editorial
comment. (See six)

6. Number five must have our chaplains wondering. Echo is not for or
against any particular religion in its journalistic policy. Echo will support
moral tenets of all religions and of all churches where they are, in fact, being
actively pursued. Sunday school sermon-type articles are not Hcho material—if
articles authored by the clergy contain an obvious or subtle theme along the
lines that the author’s church represents the ‘‘one true religion’’ or is the
‘‘ehosen’’ or ‘‘best’’ for whatever reason being applied, such an article will
be rejected.

7. Editorial type page cartoons welcome. They can say so much.

8. Poetry will be scattered throughout the journal and not confined to
one area.

9. Vital statistics—population count, deaths, paroles, pardons, ete., are
to be noted.

10. Letters to the editor from all sources will be welcomed. These become
the property of the Echo and will be published—though critical or compli-
mentary—when space permits. Letters to the editor of the Echo must be signed
and living quarters of the inmate designated. That way we of the Echo staff
can readily verify if the inmate whose name is signed is the actual sender.

11. Inmates having difficulty in securing a job for possible release may
insert an ad of a general nature (specifying job skills) in the Hastern Echo.
Any replies will be handled through our institutional parole counselor.

GOT SOMETHING TO SAY?

SAY IT IN THE ECHO!

RAW
