---
id: "1129"
title: "Policy and Personnel Changes"
author: "Haas, Jerry (Gerald J)"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial - - -

POLICY AND PERSONNEL CHANGES

THE EASTERN ECHO has not been published for six months (two
issues) due to policy changes imposed by the institution administration. We
have taken steps to extend all raid subscriptions two issues beyond the expira-
tion date set for those subscribers whose issues were interrupted during the
period. 

One of the most significant changes relates to our efforts to raise the
level of Echo content through liberalization of our editorial policy, and by our
endeavoring to give more in-depth treatment to subject matter. Obviously,
such “high mindedness’ involves re-drawing of guidelines and poses a number
of censorship problems for the administration. The administration has chosen
to deal with the problem of censorship through committee arbitration.

Believing (rightly so, we feel) that a responsibility of such vital impor-
tance to the magazine should have the benefit of more than one “mind,” a
special committee has been set up comprised of five SCIPHA staff members
whose primary function will be the censorship of all manuscripts submitted
to Echo staff. The committee will also approve, disapprove or otherwise
modify, plans and procedures projected by our staff for improving magazine
management. Members of the committee include Mr. Joseph Maher and Mr.
Charles C. Cammarota of the Psychology department, Messers Erskind
DeRamus, Barry Vernick and Worley Pace of the Education department.

Quite candidly, it must be stated that the idea of a “Board of Censors”
has not won unanimous acceptance—particularly among the prison population.
Skeptics have suggested that the institution is beginning to “run the magazine’
and that the Echo will no longer reflect the true thoughts and feelings of
inmates to our outside readers. How well founded such reservations are
remain to be seen. For our part, we are taking a cautious but hopeful position.
We would like to think that this group of professional men will be a construc-
tive influence and that they will contribute objective criticism to our staff; that
they will be responsive to our desires and after the merits or demerits of criti-
cism have been weighed on both sides, the committee will allow us to operate
in the free spirit which has been characteristic of The Eastern Echo in years
gone by.

PERSONNEL CHANGES

Since our last issue we have had numerous ECHO staff changes.

Hugh H. Williams resigned as associate editor to devote more time to
preparation of text and research material for the bookkeeping and accounting
classes he has been teaching at the school for five years. His resignation was
accepted with regret, since he has made many important contributions.

John J. Klauzenberg was elevated from sports editor to associate
editor, replacing Williams. “Lujack’’ as he is nick-named by his sports friends
here, is also active in the music program.

Norman Pearson has been elevated from copy editor to news editor, a
new job. In the near future, Pearson will perfect a plan providing for placement
of ECHO correspondents on each section in the institution.

Frank J. Ellsworth, Penal Press exchange editor, was discharged for
a new trial. We have recently appointed Joseph E. Scoleri, former sports
editor, to fill this position.

George M. Snyder, former copy editor, is now assistant editor, handling
just about any chore which needs attention.

Sterling James, a regular contributor to the ECHO (See Scribes and
Pharisees, this month’s feature article), has been appointed copy editor, replac-
ing Pearson and Snyder. James will be primarily responsible for rewrite and
copy editing of all manuscripts.

Our circulation manager, Joseph Cotter, was paroled. This position is
vacant. Appointment will be made in the near future.

There are a lot of ideas we would like to implement. If you have any
talent to contribute or suggestions, please contact one of the Echo staff
members and we will try to fit you in or, at least, consider your idea.

G. J. H.
