---
id: "1130"
title: "Superintendent Appointed"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Superintendent Appointed

Joseph R. Brierley, 55, has been promoted from
Deputy Superintendent to Superintendent of this
Institution, succeeding Mr, A. T. Rundle, who has
been appointed: Superintendent at the Graterford
Institution.

A native of Pawtucket, Rhode Island, Brierley
is a veteran of World War Tl service with the U. S.
Navy: He held the rank of Chief Petty Officer and
served as chief of damage control in the naval amphib-
ious: forces from 1942 to 1945. Mr. Brierley served
in both the European and Asiatic-Pacific Theatres
of Operations.

The new Superintendent has specialized educa-
tion in the fields of corrections, probation-parole, and
law enforcement. He has completed the following
courses with the Public Service Institute, Pennsyl-
vania Department of Public Instruction: Basic Cor-
rectional Training, 1941; Advanced Correctional
Training Course, 1946; Special Advanced Training
Course, 1947. In addition, he completed the follow-
ing: Course of study at the Pennsylvania Institute
of Criminology, 1948; course of study at the Federal
Bureau of Investigation Law Enforcement Officers’
Training School, 1953; Correctional Officers Train-
ing School, Bureau of Correction, at the Pennsylvania
State Police Academy, Hershey, Pennsylvania, 1954;
course in criminology, Temple University, 1955;
completed specialized course with the United States
Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, 1956.
From 1956 to 1958, Mr. Brierley attended the Fred-
erick A. Moran Institute of Penology at St. Lawrence
University, where he studied corrections and penol-
ogy. In 1957, he completed a course in psychopath-
ology for penologists at the Philadelphia Psychoana-
lytic Institution. Superintendent Brierley has been
certified as an instructor in correctional training by
the Public Service Institute of the Pennsylvania
Department of Public Instruction.

A veteran of 26 years service at this institution,
Mr. Brierley started as a guard in May 1940. He was
promoted to Overseer C (Maintenance), in 1941.
Following his active naval service during World War
II, he returned as a guard in November 1945. In >
October 1946 he was promoted to Overseer C (Trans-
portation). Following this, there was a.succession of
promotions, including: Investigator, July 1949; ber-
tillion (fingerprint) officer, February 1952; adminis-
trative assistant to the Warden, July 1954; Major
of the Guard, January 1957, and Deputy Corrections
Superintendent in February 1958.

Superintendent Brierley holds membership in
the Pennsylvania Association of Probation, Parole
and. Corrections; Middle Atlantic States Conference
on Corrections and the Southeastern Pennsylvania
Police Chiefs Association. He is also a member of
the Veterans’ of Foreign Wars.

Mr. Brierley is married and resides in Philadel-
phia.
