---
id: "1132"
title: "WFIL Editorial"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
This guest editorial is reprinted with permission of WFIL Radio and Television,
Philadelphia. The editorial was broadcast over those facilities recently. Although
we do not agree with the contents—entirely—we commend WFIL for recognizing the
public’s share of responsibility for overt criminal acts of repeat offenders.—Editors

WFIL STATIONS
editorial
WFIL RADIO 56
WFIL TV 6

The following editorial was broadcast over the WFIL Stations during the week
of May 3, 1965.

"THE PAROLE SYSTEM" #1-65

A child is attacked, a woman raped, a storekeeper shot. Such vicious crimes
strike terror to our hearts. But when the criminal gets picked up, our terror
turns to outrage.

You've seen the headlines:

PAROLEE PICKED UP IN SHOOTING:

TWO-TIME LOSER CHARGES IN BURGLARY:

SEX OFFENDER CONVICTED FIFTH TIME.

We blame police, judges, the pardon board. But we seldom blame ourselves.

Let's take the blinders off.

Eleven thousand parolees and probationers are loose on Philadelphia streets.
Many can't get jobs. Nobody gives them the time of day. Their parole officer
may have 200 other persons to supervise.

If we're going to solve the problem of the repeat offender, we need right now
psychiatric, vocational training, and job placement centers.

And we need a lot more parole officers to keep a lot closer watch on what the
parolee does in his sparetime .
