---
id: "1133"
title: "Penal Press Exchange"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ANGOLITE, Louisiana

This prison publication stands alone. Absolutely
the best—not the best looking—but the content is
tops. It must be read to be appreciated.

FORUM, Nebraska

This penal press magazine is very well done and
very newsy. There is a recent story about their ‘“‘pay
movies’’ once a week for only 20 cents, which is tops.
Profits go to an outside charity.

PRESIDIO, Towa

Your publication is the slickest and most pro-
fessional of al] the Penal Press magazines. Dedicated
to all that is progressive. A target in perfection for
all the others to shoot at. The Presidio staff is
apparently tops. Photography excellent!

SPECTATOR, Michigan

Your contribution to the Penal Press is one of
best. Latest best story is about censorship on matl—
both incoming and outgoing—being abolished. Con-
eritulations to your new editor. Hugh Dillon made
quite a mark for himself while he served as editor.

MENARD TIME, Illinois

The Menard Time deserves all the plaudits it has’
won from the outside press. Recently, it publicized
its oldest inmate (in point of time served) which
resulted in his release after 54 years.

DEERLODGE, Montana
This magazine has very excellent art work. Is
very much dedicated to the welfare of the inmates.

The top ten of the Penal Press publications,
listed below, are evaluated by this writer, based upon
CONTENT ONLY.

DOPESTER, Florida

It is the “‘prettiest’’ and most colorful of all on
the circuit. More like the National Geographic than
a prison magazine. Contents are meaty. A maga-
zine for thinkers.

* * * * *

ENCHANTED NEWS, New Mexico

Most elaborate setup and hardest working staff.
Very colorful. Your Christmas menu was the best of
all. Even the HASTERN ECHO would be good, if
the food was like that.

PENDLETON REFLECTOR and
ENCOURAGER, Indiana

Both magazines are very good. I am going to
“lump’’ them together for ninth place. They are
just about equal. The commissary lists from both of
these places, published in each issue, are very exten-
sive and very impressive. The stories about their
programs are excellent.

SAN QUENTIN NEWS, California

You have writers that know their subjects. The
topics are all well researched. You present both sides
of the prison picture, objectively. The story about
the public art exhibition and sale was an eye opener.

We can’t all be in the top ten on the Penal Press
circuit. I’m awaiting the brickbats.

Closing note to the editor of the INSIDE NEWS,
Easton Pa.: Your cover is beautiful, but the joke
on page five of your recent Christmas issue, is fan-
tastic!
