---
id: "1134"
title: "School Banquet"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SCHOOL
BANQUET

Announcement has been
made by Director of Edu-
cation, William Bere, that
all inmates who have earn-
ed Iheh school equivalency
diplomas and other grade
certificates will be honored
with a testimonial dinner
in September.

All the recipients were
successful candidates who
were examined on the
General Educational De-
velopment tests and made
scores sufficient to meet
the requirements for the
evrades attained.

There are presently twenty-four inmates quali-
fied and sixteen more approved candidates are now
in the process of preparing for the GED tests to be
given during the last week of June 1966. This will
raise the total to about 40 men in all for partici-
pation in the graduation exercises.

It is hoped to have one or two guest speakers,
probably representatives of those cooperating agen-
cies who have worked with the education department
over the years in promoting the school program.

Special thanks are due the education staff mem-
bers for their zeal and time. But above all, to the
inmate students who have, by their initiative and
incentive, made the program what it is today.

A roster of the men who will be honored is not
yet available because some men have not completed
the examinations, and some were recipients in
months gone by, prior to establishment of current
records. Detailed recognition will be made of the
graduates in a future issue of this magazine.
