---
id: "1135"
title: "Prologue"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PROLOGUE

A convict should be under no illusions about his position in the eyes
of those who walk the straight and narrow when he undertakes to write about
crime in a manner which seems to recrininate society. His is a position heaped
with scorn. Scorned, he dares to sit in the seat of the scornful. His position
is even more dispicable in the eyes of the many victims who have felt erime’s
cruel hurt upon their lives. To them he is likened to a brute who waylays a
man he’s never seen before, bludgeons him to the ground and when the man
is down proceeds to stomp out of him whetever traces of life remain, then mm
a sudden fit of perverse contrition, stands the hapless fellow up against a wall
and tries to persuade him that he (the victim) is to blame for the mauling
he’s just received. A person so outraged may be forgiven his sullen hatred
of his assailant and his refusal to clasp bitter foe to eager breast.

The article which follows asks nothing so grotesque as “love thy crim-
inals as thyself.’’ It proceeds from these vragmatic points of view: 1) When
law enforcement is permeated with fear, hate and vengeance, it victimizes more
citizens than it protects. 2) Offensives waged against crime through traditional
means, i.e. tough cops, rough courts and tight jails, however emotionally cer-
tified, have not developed and cannot develop a safe society. 3) Crime is more
virulent in the United States than it is in any other country in the world not
because of inadequate law enforcement bit because of the socio-economic con-
tradictions in American life. For a long time it has been obvious that crime
recedes in rough proportion to the nation’s ability to transform its poor into
viable middle income groupings. How to accelerate the movement of over 35
million impoverished humans into middle class economic groups midst power-
ful competing private interests, and without government deliberately control-
ling the economic forces of the country is the fundamental social problem with
which government is faced. Crime is but a symptom of this problem. 4) A
citizen who mstinctively senses that his personal welfare is dependent upon
the stability and well-being of the commiunuty as a whole is not tikely to par-
ticipate in the community’s dissolution by attacking its members. It is, there-
fore, a matter of society’s self-preservation to wmprove the quality of life for
all its members—no hedging, criminals included. After a man has been con-
victed of a crime and jailed, go for redemption! Not because it is moral or
even particularly just to do so, but because there is simply no other way,
really, of protecting the innocent and of if not eradicating crime from our
society, reducing it to proportions where ‘aw enforcement plays a more mean-
ingful role in the betterment of society than it now does.

Finally, it is my firm belief that “truth shall make men free.’’ It is
in this spirit that I write and take sole responsibility for the views discussed.
While I desire in no sense to glorify crime or to write in disregard of. the
complexitics attending law enforcement, 1 submit that the social value of the
arguments presented vindicates my purpose which is to focus sharply upon
the manner in which ordinary “good’’ men behave when they are in combat
with a phenomenon (crime) they cannot control and refuse to understand
why, but are, nevertheless, committed by tradition and all the habits of their
lives to the destruction of crime by means fundamentally irrevelant to it.
