---
id: "1136"
title: "Scribes and Pharisees"
author: "JAMES, Sterling B."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Scribes and
Pharisees

N.Y. Graphic drawing (‘A Suggestion for the Times’) evokes the violent 1860s

by Sterling James

The Writ and the Rage 

If the attitudes of ‘‘decent’’ people towards the
"300 year old" American crime problem* are reflec-
ted in those terrified letters to the editors appearing 
with such regularity in the press, fear might very 
well succeed in erasing the remaining traces of sanity
occasionally animating handling of crime matters.
Understandably frightened by the living fact of
crime, and raised to even more dangerous levels of
hysteria by sensation-mongering newspapers and po-
litical hacks feigning outrage over wildly exaggera-
ted claims of criminal heenses and social anarchy,
many citizens have dropped all pretense of faith in
social reform and are calling loudly for a return to
the good old days of rough and ready justice when
cops and courts dealt summarily with persons who
ran or may have run afoul of the law.

A recent poll of public opinion (consisting of
2,326 persons including a number of policemen and
Judges) found 3 out of 5 persons in favor of the
following proposals as a means of broadening the
offensive against crime:

 • enlargement of police forces

 • restoration of police powers of discretionary
search and seizure

 • suspension of requirements of police and
courts to inform suspects and defendants of
their rights, particularly their right to coun-
sel before making confessions

 • maximum sentences for all convictions

 • death sentence for all rape cases

 • drastic curtailment of parole and commuta-
tion considerations

The dreadful unreason displayed here by much
of the public support of crude proposals which affect,
at best, negatively, the so-called ‘‘erime problem;’’
and worse, which contravene rights and jeopardize
freedoms of all citizens, is one of the tragic side
effects of:

(a) The generally biased reporting by news-
papers of High Court decisions affecting
criminal procedures ;

(b) Those ineredibly mindless aHiAbi made
upon the U.S. Supreme Court by a vocal
minority of high ranking officials who use
the court for a scapegoat to disguise their
befuddlement vis-a-vis crime;

(c) Exploitation of the grave fact of crime on
the part of the press to bolster circulation.

How else, except “mindless’’ and ‘‘hysterical’’
to describe claims that the decisions of the U.S.
Supreme Court extending the guarantees of the U.S.

*It is likely that crime existed in American life earlier than 1665, but only with the advent of the first American newspaper, “Public Occur-
rences,’’ published in Boston in 1690, was crime “‘discovered”’ to be “menacing problem. “Late horrid and frequent crimes such as
murder, privateering and piracies, counterfeiting and the usual Indian depredations threatens to overwhelm the largest American colony.”

Constitution to the lowliest citizen charged with a
felony—are among the ‘‘principal reasons for the
increase in crime.”

The Rage

"In the face of mounting and violent crime, the
United States Supreme Court has manifest a
determination to surround the evildoer with
safeguards against detection and conviction.
(The rulings) place hurdles in the path of pros-
ecutors, and aid criminals to escape justice and
wear down the barriers which society so pains-
takingly erected to protect itself against the
eriminal.’’ (A direct quote from a State Supreme
Court Justice, The Evening Bulletin - 11-13-65)
"Decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court handcuff
police and public authorities—murderers, rob-
bers, rapists and other hardened criminals are
permitted to stalk our streets awaiting trial or
are freed on new and radically changed inter-
pretations of due process . . ." (A direct quote
from a County Court Judge, The Evening Bul-
letin - 12-13-65)
“Supreme Court decisions are particularly to
blame for the current state of crime. The Courts
are mollycoddling criminals at the expense of
society.’’ (Attributed to F.B.I. Director J. Ed-
var Hoover by Newsweek Magazine 8-16-65)
"Police effectiveness has been drastically under-
iained by the sequence of Supreme Court decis-
ions that curtail police arrest and interrogation
procedures.’’ (Philadelphia Inquirer)
"Policemen all virtually and vociferously unan-
imous in protesting the U.S. Supreme Court
rulings.’ (Newsweek Magazine, 8-16-65)

The Writ

The U.S. Constitutional Amendments causing all
the furor are the Fourth Amendment (prohibits
unreasonable searches and seizures), Fifth Amend.
ment (the bedrock in which is anchored a citizen’s
right against self-incrimination), Sixth Amendment
(guardian of 2 defendant’s right to counsel), and
the Fourteenth Amendment (The bulwark which pre-
vents the awesome powers of a mighty state from
depriving ‘‘any person of life, lberty or property,
without due process of law.’’)

To labor the obvious, let the record speak from
just three cases of abused power which forced the
U.S. Supreme Court to zero in on state’s handling of
criminal procedures,

Mapp v. Ohio was a particularly heineous viola-
tion of the Fourth Amendment. The Fourth Amend-
ment was in no sense framed to confer upon police
or anyone else discretionary powers of search and
seizure as many people seem to believe and as may
be inferred from the second proposal cited in the
poll referred to earlier:

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE U.S. CONSTITUTION

“The right of the people to be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects. against
unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be
violated and no Warrants shall issue, but upon
probable cause, supported by Oath or Affimation
and particularly describing the place to be
searched and the person or things to be seized.’’

Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U.S. 643 (1961) Case cited from
THE SUPREME COURT REPORTER, 81 S. Ct.
1684 (1961)

Police forcefully entered the home of Miss Doll-
ree Mapp who was living alone with her 15 year old
daughter, and seized documents alleged to be porno-
eraphie that were later used to convict her of a
crime. The police rang the bell of Miss Mapp’s home.
She appeared at the window of her second floor bed-
room and asked the police what they wanted. Upon
being told that they wanted to question her and
would not state the subject about which they wanted
to talk, she refused to admit them without consulting
her lawyer. This she proceeded to do by phone. On
her attorney’s advice, she told the police she would
let them in only when they produced a valid search
warrant. For the next two and a half hours, the
police laid seige to the house. At four o’clock, their
number was increased to at least seven.

Meanwhile appellant’s lawyer appeared on the
scene. One of the policemen told him that they now
had a search warrant but refused to show it; nor
would he permit the attorney to see Miss Mapp.
Instead, going to the back door of the house, the offi-
cer first tried to kick in the door. When that proved
unsuccessful, he broke the glass in the door and open-
ed it from the inside. Miss Mapp was halfway down
the stairs from the upper floor to the front door when
the officer broke into the hall. She demanded to see
the search warrant. A paper claimed to be a ‘‘seareh
warrant’’ was held up by one of the officers. She
grabbed the paper and placed it in her bosom. Run-
ning roughshod over appellant, a policeman ‘‘grabbed
her and twisted her hand.’’ She ‘‘yelled and pleaded
with the officer because he was hurting her.’’ Officers
recovered the piece of paper from Miss Mapp’s bosom
and then handcuffed her because she had been ‘‘belli-
gerent’’ in resisting their official rescue of the ‘‘war-
raut’’ from her person.*

Appellant, in handcuffs, was then forcibly taken
upstairs to her bedroom where officers searched a
dresser, a chest of drawers, a closet and some suit-
ease. They also looked into a photo album and
through personal papers belonging to appellant. The
search spread to the rest of the second floor including
the child’s bedroom, the living room, the kitchen and
a dinette. The basement of the building and a trunk
found therein was also searched. They found a couple
of photographs and a little pencil doodle.

“The requirement of the Fourth Amendment
that warrants shall particularly describe the
things to be seized makes general searches under
them impossible and prevents the seizure of one
thing under a warrant describing another. As
to what is to be taken, nothing is left to the dis-
cretion of the officer executing the warrant.’’

(Senate Document No. 139, Page 935, Marron v.
United States 275 U.S. 192, 1927)

*The purported warrant disappeared from the case. The state made no attempt to prove its existance, issuance or contents, either at the
trial or on the hearing of a preliminary motion to surpress. The Supreme Court. of Ohio said: "There is, in the record, considerable doubt as to
whether there ever was any warrant for the search of the defendant’s home. *** Admittedly, there was no warrant authorizing a search for any lewd
or lascivious book, print or picture.’’ 170 Ohio St. 427, 430, 166 N.P. 387, 389.

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE U.S. CONSTITUTION

“ ... (no person) shall be compelled in any
criminal case to witness against himself... ”

(Verbatim from ‘‘ANALYSIS AND INTERPRE-
TATIONS OF THE U.S. CONSTITUTION, 82nd
Congress, 2d sessions, Senate Document No. 170)

“The defendant in Watts v. Indiana Was held
without arraignment, without the aid of counsel or
friends, and without advice as to his constitutional
rights from Wednesday until the following Friday,
when he confessed. During this interval, he was held
much of the time in solitary confinement in a cell
with no place to sit or sleep except the floor, and was
subjected to interrogation daily, Sunday excepted,
by relays of police officers for periods ranging in dur-
ation from three to nine and one-half hours.’’

"The Fifth Amendment establishes a system of
justice based on accusation not inquisition. It
commands Government to prove guilt by inde-
pendent evidence, not by coercing the proof out
of the defendant’s own mouth. The Fifth Amend-
ment bars the use of any confession that police
extract from a suspect by brutality. Indeed it
bars any conceivable kind of coercion, including
the most subtle threats or promises.’’

SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE U.S. CONSTITUTION

‘‘In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy public trial, by an impar-
tial jury of the State and District wherein the crime
shall have been committed which district shall have
been previously ascertained by law, and to be
informed of the nature and cause of the accusation ;
to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to
have compulsory process for obtaining Witnesses in
his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for
his defense.’’

(Verbatim from ANALYSIS AND INTERPRE-
TATIONS OF THE U.S. CONSTITUTION, .82nd
Congress, 2d Sessions, Senate Document No. 170)

Harris v. South Carolina: The defendant, an
illiterate Negro, was apprehended in Tennessee on a
Friday on a warrant alleging no more than a theft
of a pistol, and taken to South Carolina on a Sunday.
Without being informed of the contents of the war-
raut or of the charge of murder on which he was
being held, without arraignment or advice as to his
rights and without access to family or counsel, the
defendant was questioned daily by officers for periods
as long as 12 hours. In addition, he was warned that
his mother also might be arrested for handling stolen
property.”

In Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335 (1963)
the Sixth Amendment right to counsel was extended
to all state criminal courts. Again, consistent with
the provisions of the Fifth and Sixth Amendments,
the High Court in Escobedo v. Illinois, voided Chi-
cago laborer Danny Escobedo’s voluntary murder
confession because the police failed to advise him of
his right to silence and, ‘‘despite his request had kept
him from seeing his lawyer, who was in the station
house trying to see him.”

‘“The necessity of counsel at every stage of crim-
inal proceedings is so vital and imperative that
failure to make an effective appointment of coun-
sel is a denial of Due Process of Law.’’

Why? Because one or more of the following condi-
tions might apply to any citizen finding himself
answering to criminal charges whether the charges
be true or false:

(1) indigence,

(2) ignorance and illiteracy,

(3) youth,

(4) public hostility,

(5) imprisonment and close surveillance by
military forces or other forces,

(6) friends and families in other states, and

(7) defendants stand in deadly peril of their
lives.

That is the writ—the Law! It is dishonest to
rage against the U.S. Supreme Court for upholding
what is implicit in the constitution since it is well
known that circumvention of the law does not assist
the cause of crime victims. A citizen becomes a crime
victim after he has been criminally assaulted. The
assault is diminished not a single mote by jeopardiz-
ing another of his rights. Injuries sustained following
a criminal assault of a person should be compensated
and the assailant brought to justice. The compensa-
tion should be made by means other than defiance of
the U.S. Constitution and the prosecution obtained
in accordance with its mandate.

“The criminal goes free, if he must, but it is
the law that sets him free. Nothing can destroy
a government more quickly than its failure to
observe its own laws, or worse, its disregard of
the character of its existence.’’

(Mr. Justice Clark delivering majority opinion in
Mapp v. Ohio)

The manner in which High Court decisions inter-
feres with legitimate police practices and contributes
to an increase in crime cannot be rationally demon-
strated. Justice Nathan R. Sobel of the New York
Supreme Court, recently published an extensive study
in which he characterized the claim that confessions
are the backbone of law enforcement as ‘‘carelessly
nurtured nonsense!’’ Of 1,000 Brooklyn indictments
from last February through April, fewer than 10%
involved confessions. ‘‘The truth,’’ said Judge Soble,
“is that police overzealousness in demanding con-
fessions on top of sufficient other evidence has result-
ed in many guilty defendants going free.’’ (Reported
in Newsweek Magazine August 16, 1965) If a con-
viction has been obtained after having squared itself
in every particular with the law, the issues of search
and seizures, self incrimination, ete., has no relevance
in respect of an accused thus transformed into a
criminal. The effect of the ‘‘criminal’’ (as defined by
law) upon the crime curve must be, if anything,
downward, since he is presumbably behind bars. The
obvious difficulty has to do with suspects and defend-
ants and the arguments used in discussions of ‘‘crim-
inals’’ cannot be used successfully when discussing
suspects and defendants, as will be shown.

Former New York Police Commissioner, Michael
Murphy, appearing in Atlantic City last September
before the annual conference of federal judges and
lawyers from the Third U.S. Cireuit Court of Ap--
peals, accused the U.S. Supreme Court of ‘‘handeuff-
ing the police while vicious beasts roam the streets.
It has been our experience that if suspects are told
their rights, they will not confess. We are forced to
fight by Marquis of Queensbury rules while the crim-
imals are permitted to gouge and bite.’’ (Reported
in Time Magazine, September 16, 1965).

This statement must surely go down as the year’s
most irresponsible, coming from an official, who, one
would hope, possesses some knowledge of the Fifth
and Sixth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution.
Moreover, Murphy mixes terms. Observe how ‘‘sus-
pect’’ in the first sentence is magically transformed
into ‘‘criminal’’ in the last. Like the press and many
others, Murphy steadfastly regards ‘‘suspects’’ and
“defendants’’ as criminals. All of the past abuses,
al! of the present confusion and invective over the
recent Supreme Court rulings, grow out of this
refusal to differentiate between the a priori status of
the accused and the a posteriori status of the convie-
ted. Of course, this interchanging of terms makes
things easier. The logic goes something like this: ‘‘A
criminal is the enemy of law and order A suspect is
a criminal. He is, therefore, an enemy. Being an
enemy, a suspect—that is, a criminal, has no rights
and deserves none; or none that anyone need be
overly concerned about where the protcction of soci-
ety is at stake.’’ Few would disagree with that. The
only trouble is that a suspect and defendant could
be any citizen. He could very well be ‘‘decent’’ you!
He could very well be innocent!

Since when have suspects and defendants been
regarded as criminals? The answer, of course, is
almost at the moment of arrest and at the hands of
the seers of the fourth estate whose mysterious vibra-
tions enable them to render on-the-spot guilty ver-
dicts. Despite what is said and done to the contrary,
suspects and defendants are not criminals. In the
eyes of the law, they are citizens—yes, citizens—pre-
sumed innocent until (through painstaking due pro-
cess of law) proven (in court) guilty. Hedging on
this, far from protecting society, exposes it to a
menace almost as sinister as crime itself: the abuses
inherent in omnipotent authority, swollen with the
righteousness of its mission and conyinced of the
correctness of its every action. The record is there
for all to see. It is replete with evidence that callous-
ness in administering of the law does, like crime,
produces victims of its own. As have been seen the
home of a defenseless woman was stormed for 214
hours. The woman, Miss Mapp, was handeuffed and
literally dragged upstairs where she was left bound,
a prisoner in her own bedroom, while officers ran-
Sacked through every room and piece of furniture.
This assault was perpetrated under guise of law and
by the very forces to whom Miss Mapp would have
appealed for protection had her home been invaded
similarly by hoodlums. The onus for the interdiction
by the U.S. Supreme Court of local authority in crim-
inal matters lies with those local agents who failed to
abide by the rules of the game. Nothing else is to
blame—certainly not the criminal, horrendous though
he may be. These local bodies may look also to them-
selves for having. caused the appellate flood-tide pres-
ently inundating the courts.

‘‘Our government is the potent, the omnipresent
teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole
people by its example. If the government becomes
the lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law; it
invites every man to become a law unto himself;
at invites anarchy.’’

(Justice Brandeis, Almstead v. United States,
201 U.S, 438 485 48S Ct 564) 72 bd 9455
1923).

It would be a cruel hoax if citizens, in the easily-
manipulated throes of fear, allowed themselves to be
duped by the press and others into believing a cor-
responding drop in crime would accompany the sur-
render of a single one of the precious safeguards
upheld by the court. In 1867, 1870, 1877, The Phila-
delphia’ Public Ledger, The Philadelphia Public
Reeord, The Philadelphia Evening Item and The
Press—all were saying the same things that the
papers are saying today: ‘‘crime crises,’’ “coddling
criminals by the courts,’’ and ‘‘giving undue weight
to individual rights.’’ ‘‘This sounds a lot like what
we hear today, doesn’t it?’’ savs University of Mich-
igen Law professor, Dr. Yale Kamisar. ‘‘Fighting
ermme is a difficult, frustrating business. When you
can’t handle it, the easiest thing is to blame it on the
courts. I wonder what rights we’d have left if we
always yielded to police (and newspaper) hysteria.’’

Newspapers and magazines have always been the
least reliable barometers of crime patterns. Julian
Chambers, editor of the New York Herald, in 1887,
wrote as follows on the subject: ‘‘In every case the
successful American journal has been built upon
exploitation of crime and sensationalism.’’ Nothing
seils papers like crime, sex and violence. Few Pub-
lishers can resist these siren songs and they are sel-
dom found short on ideas of how to keep the “‘crime
erisis’’ eternally and sensationally alive. Under the
phony guise of pious preachments about public wel-
fare, the crime lode can be worked anytime sales
slump or advertising revenues slip. This promotional
technique was first recognized by James Gordon Ben-
nett, founder of the New York Morning Herald, in
1885. In a memorandum to his staff, he unctuously
sets forth his policy: ‘‘I speak on every occasion the
words of truth and soberness. I have seen human
depravity to the core—I proclaim each morning on
15,000 sheets of thought and intellect the deep guilt
thit is enerusting society. I will now make a bold
bid for reality in reporting murder, violence and
other unmentionables because only an informed
people can regenerate society—I will, of course, be
making money at the same time. Let this be tried!”

He then proceeded to build up the rather drab
Robinson-Jewett murder trial to such a height of
interest as no similar case had ever before reached.
Helen Jewett, a prostitute, was found murdered in
her room, and a young clerk named Robinson, was
tried for the crime. Robinson was later acquitted
but not before the ‘‘ penny papers, including those of
Boston and Philadelphia,’’ had milked the case dry
of every scrap of sordid material—all the while hint-
ing darkly of ‘‘rapers and cutthroats stalking every
region of the U.S.’’ Bennett was overjoyed, not only
at the results of the trial but at its effect on his circu-
lation, which had tripled during the run of the story.

(Incident recounted by Professor Frank lL. Mott,
Dean Emeritus, School of Journalism, University of
Missouri, in his book ‘‘ American Journalism’’.)

The Philadelphia Public Ledger gave ‘‘much
space to crime news.’’ It featured the Robinson-
Jewett murder which “broke’’ soon after it was
founded. Its editorials on that case, written by Rus-
sel Jarvis, Lawyer-Journalist, severely criticized
courts and judges throughout the nation for laxity on
criminals and charged the courts and judges with
responsibility for the rising wave of lawlessness
throughout the country. Enough! The stakes that
much of the press has in crime is so obvious, to list
further evidence of it, is like ‘‘beating a dead horse.”

Myths and Realities

What may not seem quite so obvious, however,
is the fact of the general unrelatedness of law, cops,
courts and jails to the ebb and flow of crime. After
centuries of saying the same tiresome things and
doing more:and more of the same ineffectual things
about crime, citizens have yet to question the whole
concept of this kind of protection. They have yet to
ash whether they are, in fact, the beneficiaries of all
this expensive protection for which they have been
paying. That it is possible to protect in any signifi-
eant sense the lives and properties of masses of people
in an open society by means of prodigious police
forces, stringent courts and oppressive penal and
parole systems, is a comforting myth enjoyed only by
minds addled by sensational journalism and by the
empty polemics already noted. It is really beyond
the physical abilities of police forces of any rational
size to protect any but a relatively small number of
citizens. The limitations of awesome law enforcement
apparatus becomes apparent by an examination of
th. record of its successes. These successes, one finds,
are in respect of the fait accompli of crime and, sadly,
are hardly worth crowing about.

The relationship of crime to police functions is
put in these terms by Chicago Crime Commissioner
Orlando Wilson: ‘‘For a crime to occur, two factors
must be present—opportunity and desire. It is the
function of the police to minimize the opportunities
by open, conspicuots and .aggressive patrol.’’ This
view underscores the insurmountable difficulties at-
tending police coverage. Two-thirds of the options
available to would-be offenders simply cannot be
anticipated by mortal police. ‘‘Street’’ crimes—most
of which involve various kinds of thefts—are amor-
phous, crude and mindless. Some grubby little fellow
is just as likely as not to stage a ‘‘heist’’ on a busy
street in center city, in broad daylight under the
very nose of a cop. The ‘‘inopportune-ness’’ of his
derring-do may carry the day. Opportunity in many
cases actually spawns desire. Desire, as crime figures
attest, has a really maddening way of ‘‘making a way
out of no way.’’ Opportunity in respect of crimes
of passion is irrelevant. These crimes occur usually in
private or intimate situations—in the ‘‘now’’ and are
almost always unpredictable and beyond the reach of
potice patrol. It may be true of most crimes but it is
particularly true of passion crimes—when the police
arrive it is usually all over, including the shooting!
Ironically, it is in this area where police exert the
least influence, that a decrease in incidence exists.
Figures published by the International Society of
Criminology show that crimes against persons over
the last 150 years have actually gone down, while
property offenses have gone up. Estimated crime
rates per 100,000 persons from F.B.I. Uniform Crime
Reports indicate murder to have remained less than
one per 100,000 persons and aggravated assault, 20 to
90 per 100,000 persons, from 1959 to 1964; as opposed
to burglary, 400 to 600 per 100,000 persons; larceny
($50.00 and over), 250 to 350 per 100,000; auto thefts,
180 to 225 per 100,000; robbery, 20 to 80 per 100,000
for the same period (1959 to 1964).

Passing over bookkeeping ledgerdermain types of
crimes, organized crime is something else again. (It
is interesting to note that the ferocious self-righteous
wrath with which the press excoriates the seedy, grab-
it-and-run street felon is strangely benign when it
comes to the fat cats of organized crime.) An article
appearing in the November 1965 issue of Nation
Magazine states that organized crime is an ‘‘invisible
government because of its influence in political quar-
ters. It is slick, subtle, difficult to pin down and
eclipses General Motors as the nation’s richest corp-
oration.’’ ‘‘There are two faces to organized crime’’
according to Detroit Police Commission George C.
Edwards, “‘On the legal side it is involved in selling
everything from horse races to fruit juice; on the
illegal everything from dope to football bets.’’

The F.B.I. is the world’s finest information gath-
ering and statistical research organization as regards
criminal activities. The magnitude of these operations
effectively conceals the fact that the Bureau, accord-
ing to William J. Turner, former special agent of the
F.B.I. (1951 - 1961) "is still organized to fight a
crime pattern of the 20’s and 30’s. It is not set up
to do battle with the criminal syndicate. By 1935
truly signficant crime was syndicated while the bu-
reau continued to live. in the past of Dillinger*,
O’Kreepy and the Osage Indian murders ’’ New York
Herald Tribune columnist John Crosby, speaking
ont in an open letter to Hoover on October 12, 1961,
said: “Crime (organized erime) in this country has
made its most substantial gains in the 36 vears you
have been head of the F.B.I. Under your benevolent
eye, the erime svndicates are new rolling in wealth
and respectability. Gambling, narcotics and indus-
trial rackets are now the biggest business in this coun.
trv, and hoodlum money is now infiltrating all sorts
of respectable business.’’

The effect of police deterrence upon the crime
eurve cannot be objectively measured. Obviously,
fear of reprisals is sufficiently intimidating to per-
suade a few potential offenders to seek more benign
means than crime for euring ills Abstract fear, how-
ever, is an uncertain emotion upen which to rest the
security of a community. Abstract fear is vulnerable

*The "Little Bohemia’’ fiasco has faded from F.B.I. accounts until only the glamour of the Dillinger gundown remains; F.B.I. Agents cor-
nered the Dillinger gang in a Wisconsin resort, lost them, and shot up a car full of innocent people by mistake. Killing one and critically
wounding two others. See Don Whitehead’s book ‘*The F.B.I. Story’’, considered to be the best known account of F.B.I. activities and endor-
sed as such by J. Edgar Hoover in a Forward to the book.

stuff and by its nature inevitably yields to tangible,
more driving fears and desires. No single fear (fear
even unto death) can be relied upon to countervail
over the will of man to act when the need to do so
is pressing. It might be well to remember that men
act from fear aggressively quite as often as they
react to fear passively.

Statistics and The Feral Urge

Seventy-percent of all serious ‘‘street’’ crimes
in the U.S. is the work of offenders under 25. Forty-
eight percent of all those arrested for serious crimes
last year were teenagers 17 and under. The ‘‘serious’’
felony committed by most of these juveniles is auto
theft: Ralph Schwitzgebel, specialist in juvenile
erime, believes auto ‘‘heists’’ should be removed from
the index of serious crimes. ‘‘By its fantastic fre-
quency, it contributes more than any other offense to
the appearance of a high crime rate and the resulting
publie anxiety.’’ Sixty-four percent of all stolen cars
are recovered within 48 hours. Indeed the F.B.I.
garnishes its reputation with ample helpings of sta-
tistics drawn from the recovery of automobiles.
Number of automobiles recovered by the F.B.I. in
1964—17,430, valued at more than 26.5 million dol-
lars.

The persistent correlating factor of ‘‘street’’
erimes in the U.S., especially those involving theft,
is poverty—turn not away from it, poverty and its
effeet upon youth! The attempt to make social ani-
mals out of callow youths is difficult in the most ideal
circumstances. Poverty compounds the problem.
Untrammled by the lessons of experience, impelled
by the ferocity of the feral urge, youth—slum youth,
especially, inclines to reject societal order which offers
small outlet for his energies, and hurls himself wildly
into the excitement and violence of ‘‘street’’ life.
Society ignores him at its peril.

Highty-percent of all crimes are committed by
persons (white and black) from the poorest economic
classes. Current estimates place the nation’s poor at
approximately 32 million; 70% white, 80% non-
white. The income of the poor amounts to .23 or less
per day for food and $1.40 or less per day for every-
thing else. Fifty-five percent of the poor is in urban
areas; 15 million of them are children. As indicated
earlier, the question of poverty opens up a large can
of worms exposing one of the great contradictions in
an essentially acquisitive society: the contradiction
between capitalism’s power to produce wealth and
its inability to distribute income in a rational and
morally adequate way. Economics, however, is not
the subject under consideration here.

The Crisis Myth

Crime is neither endemic of contemporary so-
ciety nor more pervasive today than at other times.
Dr. Thorsten Sellin, president ef the International
Society of Criminology and Dr. Norton Long, diree-
tor of Brandeis University’s Institute of Violence,
take a sanguine view of crime in American Society:
“Anybody who takes the time to read The New York
Times from the Civil War to the present. sees a much
improved society from the standpoint of e¢rime.”’
Most statistical measures of crime today are either
inflated to produce drama or net sufficiently differ-
entiated to draw any meaningful conclusions from
them. Dr. Sellin notes that because all offenses in
a class (for example, thefts and assaults) are ‘‘con-
sidered equivalent, the extent of social injury caused
by these offenses cannot be properly evaluated.”
"While the legal defintions of separate criminal
events in a class may be the same (according to Karl
Abraham who covered the American Association for
the Advancement of Science) the events are differ-
ent.’’ Dr. Sellin also finds that ‘‘In the Uniform
Crime Report System, each crime is given a numerical
value of one, and when annual statistics are released
along with their comparisons to prior years, it is the
suin of these single events that are tabulated in each
class of crimes.’’

Face to Face

Crime has been a problem over the entire history
of American life. It is the feedback from the greed,
tensions, frustrations, envies and hatreds of an
aggressive, fiercely competetive, avaricious society.
It is unlikely, however, that crime has ever reached
‘‘erisis’’ proportions While citizens today are as
vulnerable to plunder and molestation as they ever
were (law, courts, jails and police armies notwith-
standing), crime has not endangered the lives of
citizens in sufficient numbers nor posed a serious
enough threat to the ‘‘Establishment’’—government,
industry, ete—to justify, say, declaring a state of
emergency. Or, more precisely, to force society to
confront crime truthfully. Confronting crime truth-
fully would mean drastic social reform. Reform of
such size and scope, no society has ever been able to
undertake it voluntarily. Incapable: of reforming
itself, American society commits government to fight.
erime rather than to the elimination of it.

American society is not now nor has it ever been
prepared to face truthfully the problem of crime.
American society has formed an alliance with crime.
In some weird, confused way, society seems to need
erime, the business of crime—-the jobs. American
society needs those empty crime fighting exercises,
the glamorous gimickry of the “Ten Most Wanted.”
“The F.B.I. in Peace and War.’’ It needs the endless
erime commissions and the boards to play those
hollow little games of human charades. Jt needs these
earnest pretenses to nourish the delusion of a society
bent upon ridding itself of crime. Not so. Crime is
subtly interwoven into the psyche of American life.
Crime assuages guilt feelings, reinforces egos, pro-
vides grand material for self-righteousness. American
society cannot face crime because the moment it does,
the face of crime changes and society is face to face
with itself and the hated fact of its common human-
ity with the ‘‘criminal.’’ Facing crime means identi-
fying with crime. To identify with crime is to see
the face of all mankind in the murderer, the gunman,
the burglar—and indeed, disgusting of all, the ‘‘sex
fiends.’’ Facine crime truthfully would mean awak-
ening to the full realization that no mortal power on
earth can protect society from the ‘‘enemy within’’—
the criminal—except the power derived from extend-
ing the boundaries of its own humanity so as to
embrace the unwashed, the despised and the damned.
