---
id: "1140"
title: "Sleep"
author: "WOODHOUSE, Larry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SLEEP

Though yawning often
precedes sleep, the
continuation of a
restful sleep may
largely depend on
proper bedding.
Coniribneme toa
good night’s sleep
and silent as sleep
itself are the unseen
hundreds of resilient
steel springs that
make possible the
construction of fine
firm, long-lasting
mattresses.
Inner-spring mattresses
contain from 150 to
600 steel springs.

by Larry Woodhouse

Though most Americans think they could sleep
better than they do, very few people are really sure
of how much sleep they need—what happens to their
bodies when they sleep (or fail to sleep). Many of us
cherish “sleep superstitions” which actually inter-
fere with a good night’s rest.

Is it true that eating before going to bed inter-
feres with sleep? 

No. A slight snack before retiring will not usu-
ally hinder sleep, and may even encourage it by
drawing blood to the stomach and away from the
brain.

Can you combat insomnia by going to bed at the
same time each night?

Yes. Doctors have found that the human tem-
perature rises and falls once every 24 hours. The
lowest point which is best for sleep should occur at
bedtime, if you have accustomed yourself to regular
hours.

The ideal room temperature is 54 to 57 degrees.

Which kinds of bedding are especially good for
sound sleep?

Fitted sheets are generally best because there
are no wrinkles to wad or rub damply against the
skin. Fluffy blankets are warmer, weight for weight,
than heavy tightly woven ones. Steel innerspring
mattresses have the streneth and resilience to pro-
vide non-sae support and comfort for many years.
They’re also good for ventilation beeause air eireu-
lates freely between the steel coils and beeause the
firm surface of the mattress does not cling to the
body. 

When two people share an average size double-
bed, each partner has a little over two feet of room
in the width. About as much room as a baby crib.

Most mattresses begin to lose their buoyancy
after 7 years. Half of the mattresses used in America
are 9 to 20 years old. The deterioration is so gradual
that the user may be unaware of it—yet, all the while
this problem interferes with his rest.

7% hours happens to be the national average,
but the sleep needs of normal individuals can range
from 4 to 14 hours a night. Best bet, if you are not
sure, is to experiment with different amounts of sleep
for several nights; see which amount leaves you feel-
ine better the next day.

A person does not have to sleep to get rested ;
simply lying quietly in bed gives 80% as much rest
as a sound sleep.

No one recommends your going without sleep for
4 or 5 days, but most of the experimental subjects
who did felt refreshed after a snooze of only 10 or
11 hours. You do not have to make up hour for hour
all the sleep that was lost.

Some doctors say the biggest single cause of in-
somnia is the fear of not being able to fall asleep.
Worrying about his next days efficiency and the ef-
feet on his health, the would-be sleeper tosses and
turns in his own vicious cirele.

It’s true: the first few hours of sleep are al-
ways the deepest; hence, the best. But this is so
whether you go to bed at 10 p.m. or at 3 am. Ex-
periments indicate that everyone dreams for an aver-
age total of 2 hours each night—but some ave better
than others at recalling their dreams. And most
of us can remember only a few seconds worth of
dream action. Scientists have found that most
dreams last from 10 to 35 minutes.

The most recent scientific evidence indicates that
we sleep primarily to rest our, brains and not our en-
tire body, as formerly supposed. Soldiers who vol-
unteered to stay awake for as long as possible—many
did it for 4 to 8 days—showed no significant indica-
tion of muscular fatigue and no important changes
in blood pressures, body temperature or heart beat.
They all, however, showed mental and emotional
stress.

Though 50% of us complain of insomnia at one
time or another, over three million Americans suffer
from the opposite malady—over sleep or chronic
sleepiness.

Perhaps the most charming off-beat aid to happy
dreams is employed by sleepers in a remote Huropean
mountain village. These villagers tuck the pillow
under their feet instead of tucking it under their
head. Their reason for this is that their feet work
harder than their heads; therefore, it’s their feet
that need the rest most. The feet deserve more con-
sideration.

Presently there is a great deal of research being
done concerning SLEEP, and as time goes on we
may be able to pass alone some more information
about this subject.
