---
id: "1143"
title: "A. A. Anniversary Celebration"
author: "McCANDLESS, John M."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A. A. ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION

by JOHN M. McCANDLESS,
Chairman, ESP Alcoholics Anonymous Croup

The band was playing the Marine Hymn, under
the direction of Musie Director Robert Barclay,
when we entered the auditorium for the Fourth
Anniversary celebration of the ESP Alcoholics
Anonymous Group, held on November 24, 1965.

Rev. Sidney E. Barnes, AA Sponsor, opened the
evening’s program by leading AA members, as well
as inside and outside guests, in repeating the Seren-
ity Prayer.

Greetings and comments came from Jack Don-
lon, Philadelphia Intergroup Secretary, and he in-
troduced 13 representatives of other local AA
groups.

Official guests, were: Superintendent A. T.
Rundle, Deputy Superintendent J. R. Brierley, Di-
rector of Treatment T. H. Graham, and the Social
Service Director Albert Pinter, now with the Penn-
sylvania Board of Parole.

The guest speaker for the evening was Mr.
Frank Carter, an old friend and constant supporter
of our group. Carter’s presentation was well re-
ceived by all those present. He has an uncanny
talent for interspersing humor, drama, personal ex-
perience and “sobriety” into a very effective mes-
sage, and his audience is left practically spellbound.

Two of our group members spoke briefly about
their personal experiences. Gettis Reilly and Milton
Bowers presented very interesting and _ sincere
speeches, which were very effective.

During the program, members and guests en-
joyed a special musical interlude presented by Mr.
Barclay and the band. Coffee and donuts topped off
the evening.
