---
id: "1145"
title: "New Director EDCC"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
NEW DIRECTOR EDCC

On September 2, 1965, a native of Shenandoah,
Schuylkill County, Pa., was appointed Director of
the Eastern Correctional Diagnostic and Classifica-
tion Center (EDCC), here.

Dr. Joseph F. Mazurkiewiez, Ph.D., comes to the
Bureau of Correction from the State of Delaware,
where he has been employed as Program Director
and Chief Psychologist for the State Youth Services
Commission and Deputy Compact Administrator for
the Interstate Compact on Juveniles in Delaware. He
served in this capacity for the past six years.

Dr. Mazurkiewicz is not new to the Pennsylvania
Bureau of Correction. Prior to going to Delaware, he
was employed for three years at SCIC as a psycholo-
gist and at SCIR as senior psychologist. His profes-
sional experience is extensive. He was previously an
intern and staff psychologist at the State Hospital,
Wernersville, Pa., and a counselor in the Division of
Counseling and Psychology Clinic, Pennsylvania
State University. The doctor was also assistant pro-
fessor of sociology, teaching criminology at Penn
State.

In the past he has served as a psychological con-
sultant to various organizations and agencies, includ-
ing the Center County Courts and the A. I. DuPont
Institute for Crippled Children at Wilmington.

Dr. Mazurkiewiez earned three degrees from
Pennsylvania State University. He holds bachelor of
science, master of science and doctor of philosophy
degrees in psychology and clinical psychology. He
minored in special education.

A member of the Knights of Columbus, Dr. Maz-
urkiewicz also holds or has held membership and
offices in the following professional and educational
organizations: American Psychological Association ;
President, Delaware Psychological Association ; Past-
president, Delaware Association of Correction and
Rehabilitation; Executive Committee, Mid-Atlantic
States Conference on Correction; Council on Crime
and Delinquency; American Correction Association ;
Eastern (U. S.) Psychological Association; former
member, Pennsylvania Psychological Association on
Parole and Probation; Past National President,
Alpha Iota Delta, National Guidance Honorary So-
ciety, and President, Penn State Chapter of Psi Chi.

Author of numerous manuals and booklets on
procedures related to his various professional posi-
tions, Dr. Mazurkiewiez spends his spare time in his
workshop at home doing woodworking.

The doctor would like to attempt to refine and
develop in greater professional depth, classification
and treatment procedures. He desires to further de-
velop the professional staff of EDCC. It is his inten-
tion to take a good look at what classification is to
really be and what procedural improvement can be
accomplished. At the same time, he would like to
help set the pace in this specialized area, not only
statewide but on a national scale.

Dr. Mazurkiewiez is married and the father ofa
seven year-old son. He resides with his family at
Bryn Mawr. 
