---
id: "1147"
title: "Typewriter Repair Shop"
author: "ORSINO, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Typewriter Repair Shop

by John Orsino

The typewriter repair shop was established here
seven years ago, primarily for purposes of instruc-
tion. Initially, instruction was provided by inmate
instructors. Five years ago, a civilian. instructor
was engaged.

L. J. Kaul, Sr. of Philadelphia is a retired
veteran of forty years service with the Underwood
Typewriter Corporation. Mr. Kaul teaches approxi-
mately 16 inmates two nights weekly for three
hours, under the supervision of the Director of
Education.

Inmates presently enrolled in this course, in-
elude: Mike Augustine, Harry Bernhardt, Ed
Brooks, Fred Chester, Wayne Hllis, Herb Elliott,
Sam Lawson, Frank Manley, Frank Mitchell, John
Orsino, Russell Peiffer. Milton Ritter, Cosimo
Romano, John Royal, William Ryan, and Ray Wade.

The shop itself is operated independently from
the Edueation Department, and is open daily Mon-
day through Friday. ‘This aspect of the program is
under the supervision of the Director of Treatment.

Three inmates are assigned full time; they are
John Orsino, Cosimo Romano, and Frank Mitchell.
These men are responsible for the repair of machines
from the Diagnostic and Classification Center, the
Graterford Institution, civilian employees of the
Bureau and this institution. Fees for repair services
are deposited in the Inmate Reserve Fund.
