---
id: "1148"
title: "Institution Has New Pharmacist"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
INSTITUTION HAS NEW PHARMACIST

Robert C. Leibowitz, 37, was appointed as insti-
tution pharmacist in August 1965. Prior to his
position at SCIPHA, he was employed with the Gov-
ernment Employees’ Exchange (GEX) Pharmacy in
New Jersey.

A registered pharmacist in both Pennsylvania
and New Jersey, Mr. Leibowitz is a 1946 graduate of
Frankford High School, Philadelphia, and was erad-
uated from the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy
and Science, where he received a bachelor of science
in pharmacy in 1951.

Shortly after his graduation from college, Leib-
owitz entered the U.S. Army. Following basic train-
ing at the U. S. Army Military Reservation, Indian-
town Gap, Pa., he was assigned to Korea and served
for 15 months as a dental assistant with the Second
Medical Battalion of the Second Infantry Division.
He was honorably discharged from active duty in
1953.

While in Korea, Mr. Leibowitz was awarded the
National Defense Service Medal, the Korean Service
Medal with three battle stars, and the United Na-
tions Service Medal. In addition, he received the
Army Commendation Medal for performing out-
standing professional duty.

An associate member of the Philadelphia Asso-
ciation of Retail Druggists, Leibowitz is also a
member of Temple Beth Ami, Philadelphia.

Leibowitz said that he enjoys his work and as-
sociation with both inmates and personnel of the
institution.

Mr. Leibowitz resides in Northeast Philadelphia
with his wife, son and daughter.
