---
id: "1149"
title: "Inside Information"
author: "KAY, Jay"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
INSIDE
INFORMATION

In recent years the number of genuine “characters” to be found here at what
was once called “Cherry Hill’ (among other things) has been considerably reduced.
Perhaps, as with all living creatures, this species, too, has gone the way of all flesh.
The likes of “Spaceman,” “PeeWee,” “The Crank,” and others—never a dull moment
when they were around. Zany, colorful and all, undoubtedly, a bit “eccentric”; or
as the “hipster” would phrase it: “Out of sight, man”! Whatever the adjective, you
don’t hardly see any of them no more. I was, therefore, rather pleasantly surprised
recently by the sight of a neighbor sitting yoga-like beneath a running faucet in the
yard. A rare one, indeed, these days. Would you believe he was keeping a cool head?

A pat on the back to the foilowing: Billy Cantoral, John Zerah, Dave Haan,
Joe Massanova, and “Pencil Willie” Thornton for their efforts in the construction of
a new back-stop for the softball field. “King No No” and his court (R. Minter, Joe
Ligon, “Doc” McLean, Bob Shiley, Bill Mitchell, Steve Wilson and Bob Harris—in
fact, the entire’ kitchen crew) for the clean-up, fix-up, paint-up of the kitchen and
mess hall area—which brightened the scene considerably, the better to see those
hot sausages! Sorry about that, Chief. “Big Jim” Land, for sweating over a hot stove,
to keep the composing room in lead.

Bobby L., one of E.S.P.’s better handball players, playing right field with the Dod-
gers softball team at the beginning of this season, reacted instinctively when con-
fronted by a line-drive in the very first game. He struck the ball with “vigah” a la
handball, whereupon he was “politely” informed of the function of the leather “thing”
on his left hand by an exasperated manager. Not having seen him in the line-up
lately sort of lends credence to the rumor that henceforth all handball games will be
conducted in the prescribed area.

Sights and Sounds—like! Ralph Staino discoursing on the various means of com-
munications around the institution—telephone, television, and tell-Lou—-McCloud,
that is. “Hefty” Jose Cuevas, making with the roadwork bit—run, Joe, run! The
“Rock,” looking like a “toe” dancer on the ball field—seemed to me he was having
difficulties with his “heels,” too. Adolfo “Chico” Morales applying for the position
of “foreign” correspondent with the ECHO. Rumor had several of our better known
constituents out on “safari” behind seven block not too long ago—bagged: one rather
tattered moth. Guess who I saw standing on a corner, last week, with the “Good
Book” in hand—was it really you, Gene? I also saw: a guy skinnier than the “Bone”
(Adams); someone shorter than “Pappy”; a better actor than Miller; a slower run-
ner than Kalvitis; a coupla citizens with less hair than “Lotsa Face” Fagin, and a
neighbor with a bigger “yap” than any I ever did see! And then there’s the caper of
the missing trophy ball—or, Who Dared Impound The Round?

The “Gray Sage” opines: When an enemy says he wants to bury the hatchet,
be sure it’s not in your head! Also, if it takes all kinds to make the world—I believe
I know the ones responsible for the worst parts.

Jazz went to Church. On a recent Sunday, under the auspices of Rey. Sidney
Barnes, a jazz service was held in the chapel, featuring a seven piece combo. Mem-
bers of the combo were: Freddie Adams (leader), baritone sax; “Rosy” Minter, trum-
pet; Milt Logan, trombone; Al LaRue, alto sax; “Big Six’ Connors, tenor sax; John
“Lujack,” bass; and Bill Schoonmaker, drums. The group played three specially
arranged spirituals which were well received by the congregation.

On the subject of music, the last concert was also a success. Robert Barclay,
Music Director, deserves full credit for the fine presentation by all participants. An
out-of-doors concert is tentatively scheduled for sometime in August.

Goodbye and Good luck to: Julius Williams—boy wonder of the print shop, Artie
B., Sonny S., F. Lacey, G. Pal, Bill McClurg, Nick C., Eddie B., John R., and “Grand-
dad” Hayman.

Hear the one about the horse struggling up a steep incline with a wagon-
load of scrap iron? As the animal pulled and strained his way to the top the
guy on the wagon kept encouraging him by yelling: “Come on Joe, atta boy Pete,
giddyap, Tom.” Upon reaching the top, the driver paused to allow the panting
beast to catch its breath. An observer, standing on the corner, asked the driver
why he used three different names in urging the horse on—the driver replied:
“This old nag is blind, and if he thought he was doing all that work alone he'd
have quit on the spot.”

Be of stout heart, men (and that sort of thing) all the individuals we meet
around and about this old “jug” aren’t bad guys—some of them wear “white
hats.”
