---
id: "115"
title: "This is Your Life"
author: "Paschedag, Andre L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THIS IS YOUR LIFE

Announcer: Pursuing our regular policy of presenting characters from every walk of
life, we have on our stage this evening, Mr. J. J. Hoodlum. Mr. Hoodlum
has reluctantly left his secluded retreat at the Eastern State Penitentiary
to be our guest and is appearing thru the courtesy of the Department of
Justice, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Our program is entirely unre-
hearsed and Mr. Hoodlum is completely unaware of the people we are going
to present from his past. Isn’t that true, sir?

Hoodlum : Ah, shad ap!

Announcer: Yes—well, thank you. The orchestra is now playing ‘‘Schooldays." Listen
closely and see if you recognize this voice from your past.

Voice: That little monster! You mean they haven't executed him yet?

Announcer: And here she is—Miss Myrtle Murgatroyd, your first grade teacher.

Murgatroyd: Are you sure those handeuffs will hold him? My, he’s still the same little
monster! His body must have stopped growing at the same time his brain did.

Hoodlum: Ah, shadd ap, ya old frump!
 
Announcer: Now, Miss Murgatroyd, would you tell us a little about the Hoodlum you knew.

Murgatroyd: Well, I first saw the little monster at the age of six. His father wheeled
him into the classroom.

Announcer: Oh? You mean Mr. Hoodlum was handicapped at an early age?

Murgatroyd: My, yes! He was hog-tied! His father tied him up and delivered him in a
wheelbarrow. It was the only way he could get him to school.

Announcer: In other words, like every red-blooded All American boy, who believes in the
American way of life, he preferred the outdoors to school?

Murgatroyd: Oh, no! Not at all—in fact, after the second day, I couldn’t get rid of the
monster. He even slept in the school.

Announcer: Ah, ha! He saw the value of education and decided to soak up as much as he
could?

Murgatroyd: Oh, no! He was trying to keep from getting soaked.
 
Announcer: I beg your pardon?

Murgatroyd: It rained a lot and he slept at the school to keep from getting soaked.

Announcer: But why didn’t he go home?

Murgatroyd: He didn’t have any. They ran away from home.

Announcer: I see! Like all red-blooded American boys do at some time, he ran away
from home.

Murgatroyd: I don’t think you heard me. I said, ‘‘They ran away.’’ During his first
day at school, his parents sold the house and moved out of town. The
cowards!

Announcer: Sir, sir! Mr. Hoodlum! Put down that microphone! Officer, if you please?
 
Hoodlum: I’ll kill the old frump!

Murgatroyd: Don’t you dare touch me, you little monster!

Announcer: Officer, please! Do something !!

Officer: Yes, sir. Hand me your blackjack, will you, Sarge. (Dull thud)

Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, it seems Mr. Hoodlum has fainted from the emotional
strain of meeting Miss Murgatroyd. While he is being revived, we will
follow our usual procedure and omit the commercial. Instead, we will cut
off the air-conditioning for five minutes. This will allow you to judge for
yourself the need for a good deodorant on a hot summer day. Naturally, I
mean Daphne’s Dainty Deodorizer.

(Five minutes of silence)

Announcer: Phew! Convinced, folks? Boys, the smell is rather strong; would you hurry
with that air-conditioning, please? Thank you! Ladies and gentlemen,
now that Mr. Hoodlum is with us again, we shall continue. Mr. Hoodlum,
before we bring on our next surprise, I’d like you to know that we have re-
ceived a tremendous response to your appearance. This program will make
you famous! Our latest count shows twenty phone calls and six telegrams
requesting your early presence at ‘‘line-ups’’—I think that was the word.
And city officials from three states have notified us that they are forwarding—
what was that word—oh, yes, ‘‘detainers.’’ Isn’t that just jolly?

Hoodlum: Ya dirty crumb! I’ll get ya!

Announcer: Mr. Hoodlum! Put that gun away! You’re violating the law! Mr.
Hood ...... (Series of shots)

Assistant : 

Announcer : Because of technical difficulties involving the sudden demise of both our
surest star and former announcer, we are forced to curtail this program.
Carrying on with our theme of ‘‘The American Way of Life,’’ we shall fill in
the remaining time by bringing you a medley of Russian folk songs.
Thank you.

by ANDRE L. PASCHEDAG
