---
id: "1150"
title: "It's Later Than You Think"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. Nathaniel L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From Our Chaplains---

It’s Later Than Vou Think

For you inmates who will read this article I
trust that you will take time out from the game of
life and focus your eyes on the clock of time. Ob-
serve the second hand as it moves swiftly and the
minute hand as it follows. The hour hand seems as
though it doesn’t move, as you watch it closely. Lis-
ten to the sound of the time piece. Compare it with
the throbbing of your heart. Then, think of the
many times that you have been arrested; placed in
jail; yea, even in prison!

Suddenly, one day you go to the mirror and
take a good look. You see wrinkles have begun to
form around your eyes. You see your hair turning
to silver and you suddenly realize that you are not
what you once were. Because the physical strength
that you once enjoyed has been minimized by the
years, time has taken its toll on your entire being,
thus limiting physical and mental abilities. After
gathering all this knowledge about yourself, it is
time that you admit that it is later than you think.
Too late, perhaps, to carry out that warped dream
that you once entertained. Too late to take venge-
ance on your enemies. It may be too late to recap-
ture the relationship with that family of loved ones;
but it is not too late to receive Christ as your per-
sonal Saviour. This will rejuvenate and add to your
Spiritual strength and desires, and multiply your
good will toward others.

“Too late,” is a brief phrase used by confused
persons when they attempt suicide and many times
they are successful. To this kind of person there is
no way out. For there is nothing that can help him
to recapture his momentum, vitality and will to live.
Before you might fall into this category, may I plead
with you to trust in God as your Divine Diety? If
you are guilty of any of the above statements, though
you may not have been arrested but once, you will
note that time is still moving, and it is later than you
think. Yesterday cannot be your’s again. The pres-
ent moment will be gone as the next moment becomes
current. To some of you the day has just begun. In
your present situation, that can be pretty late! To
others it is high noon. Still, to others it is almost
sunset!

Rev. Nathaniel Williams

There have been many men who have come to
prison; who have been paroled; who have been re-
leased at the expiration of their maximum sentence,
and they continuously come back—time and again—
inside these melancholy stone walls. Some end up
leaving feet first. You see, it was later than they
thought. ‘‘Why?’’ we ask. You may rationalize and
give a reason for your returning, by blaming it on
society. Society blames it on you. But let us face
fact, gentlemen, who is doing the time, you or society ?

Let me relate to you the words of the poet, George
C. Stebbins: “Out of my bondage, sorrow and mght,
Jesus, I come; Into Thy freedom, gladness and light,
Jesus, I come. Out of my sin-sick soul into Thy health;
Out of my want and into Thy wealth; Out of myself
into Thyself, Jesus, I come. Out of my shameful fail-
ure and loss, into the glorious gain of Thy cross. Out
of my sorrow into Thy balm; Out of life’s storms into
Thy calm; Out of distress into jubilant song, Jesus,
I come. Out of unrest and arrogant pride, into Thy
blessed will to abide; Out of my hate to dwell in Thy
love; Out of despair and into raptures above, Jesus, I
come to Thee.”
