---
id: "1151"
title: "The Secret of True Happiness"
author: "Barnes, Rev. Sidney E. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Secret Of True Happiness

In America’s Declaration of Independence our
founding fathers asserted that we hold certain rights
to be inalienable, among them being “life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.” Having been brought
into the world without our consent, we claim the
right to live; and life to be worth living must be free
to seek its own fulfillment. We seek happiness; we
long to find and keep it. So men engage in a frantic
search for happiness. But all of us, because we are
sinners (selfish), seek happiness in the wrong places
and in the wrong way. What we find, then, is not
true and lasting happiness—but the vain and fleet-
ing pleasures which leave us feeling frustrated and
restless.

If happiness is so elusive, are we mortals justi-
fied in claiming it as our due? The basic aim of
Buddha was to suppress not only selfish desires—but
all human desires. His search was for an escape from
life rather than for the enjoyment of it.

Jesus, however, looked upon all men as children
of the heavenly Father, and, therefore, entitled to
share in the joys of life. In His first synagogue ap-
pearance He announced that He was divinely com-
missioned “to preach the good news to the poor... to
heal the broken-hearted, to preach deliverance to the
captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set

Rev. S. E. Barnes

at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the ac-
ceptable year of the Lord.” Jesus’ Sermon on the
Mount (so-called because the sermon was given on
the mountain top) is the clue to our search for true
and lasting happiness. You will find these “secrets to
a happy life” in the Bible: The Gospel according to
St. Matthew, Chapters 5, 6 and 7.

Then Jesus began his teaching saying to
them: “How happy are the humble-minded,
for the kingdom of Heaven is theirs! How
happy are those who know what sorrow
means, for they will be given courage and
comfort. Happy are those who claim noth-
ing, for the whole earth will belong to them.
Happy are those who are hungry and thirsty
for goodness, for they will be fully satisfied.
Happy are the merciful, for they will have
merey shown to them. Happy are the utter-
ly sincere, for they will see God. Happy are
those who make peace, for they will be
known as sons of God. Happy are those who
have suffered persecution for the cause of
goodness, for the kingdom of Heaven is
theirs.”

Matthew 5 : 2-10
Phillip’s translation
