---
id: "1154"
title: "Conquerors 1965 Football Champions"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0028.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
CONQUERORS FOOTBALL CHAMPIONS

At the start of the season many of the more
knowledgeable football aficianados (this reporter
included) scoffed, to put it mildly, at the very
thought of the Conquerors emerging as champions.
But win the championship they did—in convincing
fashion—despite the inexperience and lack of real .
football savvy.

If ever the value of practice was doubted, the
efforts of this team should prove conclusively that
practice lends itself to perfection. But, more than
this, there were the additional elements of motiva-
tion, dedication and, as stated above, preparation.

This bustling young team, bolstered by the
experience of such old pro’s as Calvin Milligan,
Russell Budd, Orie Paschall, Joe Massanova, “Big
Six’ Connors, “Rosy’’ Minter, ““Goody’’ Goodman,
and Al Williams, were inspired to play above and
beyond what would normally be expected of them
due to the inspired play of the youth and enthu-
siasm of George Pal, Jimmy Hoyt, Henry Buckery,
Barry Hilderbrand, Marvin Thompson, Jesse Lynch,
Robert Clowers, Andrew Jefferson, Moses Hull,
Freddie Walker, George Jamitowski, Floyd Ellis,
Richard Banks, Charles Williams, Roce Barlow and
‘Pete’ Peters, who more than made up in spirit,
hustle and determination their lack of experience.
They knocked their opponents down with reckless
abandon, and literally tried to run through the walls.

Guided by the clever quarterbacking of Cal-
vin Milligan, the fantastic running of their fleet and
hard-driving backs, the superlative defensive line-
play of Budd and his stalwart defensive team, who
refused to be scored upon, the Conquerors dem-
onstrated right from the start they had come to
play football. The only team to give them anything
near a real test, was the Packers. This test was
met in a most convincing manner, making the Con-
querors champions for 1965.

John Lopes, Manager, and Julius Williams,
owner, deserve special mention for the faith, inspi-
ration and sheer lung power expended, exhorting
their charges on to each successive victory.
