---
id: "116"
title: "Garage News and Views"
author: "Inmate Garage Employees"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
GARAGE NEWS and VIEWS

As we leave the Main Gate and follow Highway
No. 1 past No. 7 Tower, we start to slow down as we
are approaching Set. Godfrey’s Super Service Station
and Garage. There isn’t really anything wrong with
our car, but it would be a shame to pass by without
saying ‘Hello’ to Sgt. Godfrey (He’s a good man)
and his three masterminds; namely, Norman ‘*Lead-
pot’’ Haas, Arthur ‘‘ The Mouse’’ Briscoe, and Bill
‘‘Rock and Roll’’ Aydelotte.

It’s not hard to see that the Garage plays an
important part in this institution in keeping our
state equipment, ag well as officials’ and guards’ cars,
in the best of running condition. The one piece that
we make sure is always in the best of care is the Van,
which is No. 57 — no relation to Heinz 57 Varieties.

The latest thing at the Garage is who’s going to
be the next one to knock the Basketball Backboard
down. So far Norm is ahead with a score of 2 to 0.

In case some of you have been wondering what
those weird noises were that you have been hearing
lately coming from the Garage, well that’s only old
‘“Leadpot’’ Haas warming up on the lathe. So far,
he’s made one cotter pin and part of a straight pin.
He’s promised faithfully that he will have the pin
done by Christmas. Our hopes are that De Longs’
won’t hear of this great production of his, as it could
cause them untold worries, I’m sure.

We wish to use the rest of this space to personally
thank Mr. Banmiller, our new Warden, and all others
who helped make it possible for the guards to have
their cars repaired in the institution garage, We
are quite sure that most of the guards will join us
in giving these thanks. We also want Sgt. Godfrey
to know that we appreciate the extra responsibility
and work that he has undertaken for us in supervising
and arranging for this new project.

—Inmate Garage Employees
