---
id: "1162"
title: "The Falcons"
author: "PEARSON, Norman"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE FALCONS

by Norman Pearson

Well, another season and the, Falcon Wings are flutter-
ing with great expectations. They started the season off
in pretty good shape, having retained six of their veteran
ball players; namely, Ed Scoleri, Willie “NoNo" Smith,
Norman. Pearson, Harry Zeitz, Ray “Jessy" Murphy and
Barney McMullen. The acquisition of new players such as
Galvin Crisp, James Frame, Herb Allen, Willie “Ark”
Wilson, John “Spike’’ Salvanish and Charles ‘‘Mutt”
Holden, are judged by many to have produced the most
well rounded team in the league. “‘NoNo”’ who has car-
ried the Falcons’ pitching chores for many a year started
the season ‘with a sore arm but was helped considerably by
“Mutt,” who has won six games, three of which were
no-hitters and one, a one-hitter. “NoNo”’ has won four
games himself.

The Falcons have yet to lose a game and this feat
has contributed to the creation of another Red Auerbach.
Their owner, G. I. Joe, has adopted the victory celebration
ritual of lighting up a cigar as each game ends in victory
for his men.

The Falcons as a team are playing exceptionally well,
therefore, it would be hard to pick any particular player
who deserves special attention, but credit must be given
to the team’s new “flame-thrower,” “Mutt,’’ who has stood
the league on its head.

With 17 wins and no losses, and this only June, it
looks like the Falcons all the way.

OWNER: G. I. Joe McNeair
MGR: Norman Pearson
