---
id: "1163"
title: "The Mustangs"
author: "ROUSE, Frank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE MUSTANGS
by Frank Rouse

The 1966 Mustangs are a solid, scrappy club who
will be in the thick of things for the whole season, and
have an outside chance to “take it all.”

Any success the Mustangs will enjoy for 1966 should
be credited to the diligence of Chuck Taylor. Frank Rouse,
the Mustang owner, has been ailing, and the executive
and administrative duties of the club have fallen upon
Chuck’s shoulders, along with the already trying mana-
gerial headaches. So, no matter what happens, hats off
to Chuck Taylor!

C.C. Clark has carried the workload of pitching, and
has done a creditable job. He is not lacking in team
spirit, either. A healthy C.C. will no doubt mean a high
finish for the Mustangs.

Defense has played a major part in some of the key
early wins, headed by “all league’’ second baseman, Bobby
Gerlach. Shortstop Martin also carries a “golden glove”
and has chipped in with some timely hits. Mack, Armstead,
Jose and Brooksie have been pleasantly consistent, and
even ol’ man Negri looks spryer than ever, and could win
the comeback of the year award. And, of course, you
can’t overlook Chuck’s value to the team as a player.

The Mustangs also have that important asset called
togetherness, and all in all, will have a rewarding season,
no matter where the final pieces land.

OWNER: Frank Rouse
MGR.: Moses “Chuck” Taylor
