---
id: "1165"
title: "The Dodgers"
author: "FUTCH, George"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE DODGERS

by George Futch

The 1965 Championship Dodgers were chosen by many
of us as pre-season favorites and the other teams in the
league pointed toward them as the team to beat in the com-
ing season. At this writing the Dodgers possess few victories
and find themselves “also rans" in third place.

Injuries to key players have taken a heavy toll. Joe
Massanova, an exceptionally fine pitcher, was out for awhile
with a pinched nerve in his neck. George Kalvitis, the
talented curve-baller, was struck with a line drive and suf-
fered a jammed finger on his pitching hand. No team can
lose two front line hurlers and not be seriously handicapped.

If the team had not been beset with such crippling
injuries, there, undoubtedly, would be a considerable differ-
ence in the standings at this time.

In Horner, the team has a solid and professional-type
catcher who plays a steady game of ball. The overall team
power is exceptional, with manager Lou McCloud, Ray
Thompson, Rudy, Jake “the Snake," Medina, Brewer, Sam,
“Chico” Morales, and Billy Cantoral. Bill McClurg, handles
the coaching duties. “Uncle Milt’’ Bowers and Ralph Staino
are on the temporary “inactive” list but vociferously “root”
their mates on.

Showing signs of what was expected of them at the
start of the season, the Dodgers have won their last four’
outings. Highlighting this streak was a "no-hitter" pitched
by Joe Massanova. The “Bums’’ are on the movel

OWNER: Rudolpho Dominquez
MGR.: Louis McCloud
