---
id: "1169"
title: "Mets"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0032.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
METS

Retaining the nucleus of their 1965 championship
team, the Mets are showing again this year that they are
definitely a top contender. Owner Bob Kingsley has wisely
selected “‘Big Six’’ Connors to guide his team through the
coming season. “‘Six’”’ is not only a fine catcher, but has
shown exceptional ability as an organizer by signing such
outstanding players as Naples, Dickerson and Karrer for
his infield. With holdover “Trigger” Harris at third base
this provides the Mets with possibly the best infield in the
league. Les Karrer at short-stop could easily be the
Rookie of the year. In thirteen games to date he has hit
four home runs and currently sports a .370 batting aver-
age. Across the outfield there is Redding, Little Joe and
Karl Thornton. With “Little Joe’s’’ speed in center-field,
few fly balls are able to find open spots. The fine power
hitting consistently demonstrated by Dickerson, Redding,
Karrer, “Big Six’ and Karl has caused many opposing
pitchers to wish they were somewhere else. With Ernie
directing traffic in the first base coaching box, base run-
ning lapses are held to a minimum. The addition. of
“Walkie Talkie’ to the pitching staff strengthens an al-
ready good staff of Futch and Dick Keys. This crafty
veteran with his assortment of breaking pitches has baffled
batters for years. With Gindle leading the team in RBI's
and Kingsley being able to play any position well, the 1966
Met team will prove exceptionally difficult for the rest of
the league.

OWNER & MGR. Robert Kingsley
