---
id: "1171"
title: "Phillies"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0032.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
PHILLIES

Credit must be given to those who try. The Phillies,
after making the playoffs last year have dropped to a
miserable last in the league standings. The owner, Willie
Billingsley, has never stopped trying to put together some
sort of winning combination. The pitching does show some
promise with Bobby Lockner, and “‘Dead Eye’’ Swartley,
although neither has done much pitching in the past. After
considerable trial and error, the team at this stage has
enough power in the line-up to win provided the pitching
continues to improve. Manager Lynch, through wise trad-
ing has installed such personnel as “Doc’’ McLean to
‘handle the catching, and himself more than capable of
covering the first base area. “U-Top’’ Hughes gives the
team the range and skill at short-stop which they have
needed so much. Smiley and Leon round out the infield,
each supplying adequate power and all around ability.
Their most recent trade brought them Al Sheppard and
Tony Medina, which has to come as a surprise since
both are exceptional ball players with very good batting
ability. With this line-up the Phillies threaten to be real
spoilers in the second half, and if the pitching continues
to improve then they will have to be rated as serious
contenders: by the rest of the league.

OWNER: Willie Billingsley
MGR.: Jesse Lynch
