---
id: "118"
title: "Trivia"
author: "Corvi, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
TRIVIA
by JOSEPH J. CORVI

Things you pick up with your ear close to the ground
(besides mud) :

It is rumored that the new cell block being built
between 2nd and 11th blocks is for those of us that
will be returning to reap the benefits of our years of
faithful servitude to the Commonwealth. Only those
with twenty years of service, whether in one stretch
or on the installment, will qualify to inhabit this
new and modern cell block. The block will be built
and furnished on a no-limit budget. Some of the
features that are to be installed for the comforts and
pleasure of the old alumni will include escalator
tiers to carry them to their cells; rubber-padded
doors to eliminate the clanging; the amplified sound
of pouring wine to awaken them in the morning;
bellboys; shuffleboard; inlaid domino boards; indi-
vidual and game room TV and free subscriptions to
Modern Screen and Esquire magazines. In the near
future, an exchange system will be effected with
other states throughout the South so that the old-
timers who would prefer to winter there would be
transferred to either Raiford, Angola, or etc., to be
housed in a cell block similarly furnished by those
states. For those of the old grads who prefer to
risk their waning years subjecting themselves to
the rigors of fending for themselves in a hurried and
troublesome world, a small pension will be allotted.

All of us must have read of the woman who is
bringing suit in the courts because she is being
denied her inalienable rights as a married woman
to bear children and raise a family. It seems her
husband is serving time in prison and she is suing
because she is denied his bed. But have you heard
that much consideration has been given this subject
by the powers that be to install such a system of
conjugal visits in this state; that a survey has been
in progress (very hush-hush) for the past several
months to see if this system can be effected in this
and other of the state’s institutions? That ques-
tionnaires have been distributed to the leading
clergy, medical men, newspapermen, industrial
leaders, et al, to learn their reactions to such a
drastic step in penology? You have? Well, tell
me about it, chum, tell me about it. This is the first
time I ever heard it.

All institutions are budget-minded and it is with
this thought in mind that I pass on a suggestion
made to this columnist: Why not a co-ed peniten-
tiary? Why maintain two separate institutions to
house the men and women of this state? You know
that fellow has something! It works out beautifully
at the universities.

Daffynitions:

Petting: The study of the anatomy by Braille.

Normaley: State of affairs that exists after
Dad had flared up and Mom slapped him into sub-
mission.

Diagnose: Position of the proboscis after it
has been hit with a left hook.

Overheard at the close of the last Staff Meeting:

Staff Member: ‘‘Buuuurrrpp!!!”
Bobby Heinemann: ‘‘Bring that up at the next
meeting and we'll discuss it.’’

Some of this—some of that:

Who was the ‘old’ gent that suffered a disap-
pointment when the new Commissary opened its
doors? He was all ready to have his Goodie Bar con-
verted into a Snack Bar. This boy entertained
visions of Sardines, Meat and Cheese spreads,
Crackers, ete. Oh, you sweet dreamer!

Skintight:

For determination, perseverance and tenacity I
nominate Johnny (Gionoots) Greco. Some day — _
_ - Phfffttt, and there will be our Gionoots slamming
the skins at the Celebrity Room or the Blue Room
with a jumpy, solid rhythm. Oh, you Krupa!!

Tweeeeeeeeet!!!:

That youthful looking, grey-haired gent you see
on 8rd Block is Auburn G. Robbins, Lt. Rtd., the new
Hospital Director. A Navy man for thirty years,
he spent two years with the Bureau of Prisons, City
of Philadelphia (Moyamensing) before coming here
to take charge of our hospital. Say hello to him
the next time that you see him. (Sudden thought
_ _ I wonder if he’s going to bring some Waves here
as nurses. Not with thirty years service behind
them though, pleeeze.)

Who, Me?

If you remember when they used to eall the
police cars in Philly, the Red Devils, you’ve been
chased by the law for a long time.

Talk about freedom of movement _ _ _ I once
served time in a place where there were no restric-
tions placed on the inmates. They could go any-
where unchallenged, there were no off-limits for
them _ _ _ just so they didn’t leave their cells.

Bouquets:

Did you ever hear of a baby beauty contest _ _ _
in a penitentiary? Sure, here goes Joe off on one
of his lies!! Well, that statement happens to be
true. The PRESIDIO, that excellent magazine pub-
lished by the inmates of Iowa State Penitentiary,
which has a subscription list of 5,000 exclusive of
its inmate population, with 20,000 probable readers,
ran such a feature recently and was overwhelmed
with a deluge of photos. What a terrific stride in
prisoner-public relations! It is almost inconceivable
to some that anyone would send their ‘‘holy’’ pic-
tures to inmates of a penitentiary to be judged.
Needless to say, the judges were hard put to come
up with an individual winner. They were all such
angels.

They re Off !!! :

Some of the ex-GI’s are wondering what ever
happened to that last note when they hear Mess Call
sounded in the a-hem. Let me tell you---Ole Joe
can’t wait to get to that jamoke in the ho-hum.
Only guy I know that can start the race and head
them off at the coffee pot.

Longhair:

Along one of our main arteries there meets a
group of amateur philosophers whose aim it is to
broaden their knowledge and to explore new vistas.
This boy, with his big, fat face, stopped by one day.
They paid me the compliment of asking my opinion
on a particular subject. Subtle bait, and did I bite!
They couldnt wait for my reply when - _ - Fire
one! Fire two! a barrage of whys hit me. This
group should be encouraged and broadened. A
discussion group with guest voluntary speakers
from the outside, capable and willing to reply to
the whys.

Just Stuff:

Pin Room Scotty has more fingerprints on his
belly than the ID office. Everytime he cuts across
Center he’s patted down. Seems no one can believe
one httle man can have so much belly.

My wife’s favorite expression when she wants
to puncture my big, fat balloon: ‘‘My flat-nosed,
beady-eyed, big chin darling.” Hmmmm!!!

They tell me it’s lucky to be hit by bird drop-
pings while walking with your best girl --- lucky
it wasn’t an elephant flying by.

Bish, Bass player, claims that he doesn’t like
tock ‘N Roll. He only goes for progressive jazz,
flatted 5th & 18th chords. But---you can dig Bish
every afternoon whaling nothing but Dixie in
12 Block alley. Boy! What sounds!!

Hiverybody’s ancestors came over on the May-
flower ---so what! I know a guy - his family came
over on a convict ship. His family coat of arms
depicts a whip, ankle irons and bars rampant on a
field of broken stones.

Worth the Price of Admission:

The inspiring voice of John Yancey singing the
Lord’s Prayer. The rich timbre of his baritone
voice with its unusual range would do justice as a
soloist with any choir.

Listening to Lomax instruct the fellows being
assigned to pins. He first gauges the group and
instructs accordingly. If they are a group of small
fellows he tells them how he wants the pins carded.
If there are some large fellows in the group he tells
them how the fellows (note the plural) in the pin
room want them. That boy should have been a
jackass preacher. But we love you anyhow, Lomax.

A certain judge must have had that 167 year
old Colombian Indian in mind when he used to hand
out those 50 to 100 years sentences. There’s a boy
that could take one in stride and give them every
day of the parole time, too. What ho! Your Honor.

Believe it or Not (or You Gotta Have Heart):

Bill Russeil and Dave Aikens, those fellows with
the hearts of eagle’s, the dispositions of parrakeets,
and the appetites of vultures, performed an opera-
tion of merey that well deserves to be in Bob
Ripley’s. Some non-thinking and cruel inmate cut
the wing feathers of a pigeon so short that the poor
bird was unable to fly and became easy prey to the
cats and ete. that run around at nighttime. These
two happiness boys took him into their shop and
began shopping around for a new set of wines for
their avian Venus. Bill wanted to send to Boeing
but Dave insisted on writing to the curator of the
local zoo and asking for a spare set of condor wings.
They compromised by pulling just one feather each
from other pigeons and forming a complete set of
fight wings for their short-winged friend. You
could see that the wingless pigeon knew that they
were trying to help it and showed its appreciation
by eating all their peanuts. They prepared the
feathers they had pulled for insertion into the hap-
less orphan by cutting the quills just enough so
that they could insert a swab dowel, pointed at both
ends. Hach end of the dowel was dipped into ordi-
hary glue and the one end inserted into the quill
with the other half protruding. Then they proceed-
ed to insert the feathers into the pigeon’s wing (I
believe they must have used the prune juice we get
at breakfast for anesthesia.) After completing the
operation, they wrapped the pigeon so that he would
not undo their work (and give the glue time to set,
l imagine). After a period of convalescence they
unwrapped their handiwork and Lo’ and Behold!
(or sumpin) the pigeon took off in flight. But not
very far, for it can be seen every day at the hand-
outs well to the fore of the other birds as though he
(or she) had priority. It fiies just as well today as
it must have flown originally, although I have never
observed it cutting any Immelmanns. (Note: This
pigeon is not the type usually referred to by Frank
Brookhouser. )
