---
id: "1180"
title: "Sports Banquet"
author: "Cantoral, Socrates R. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0033.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
SPORTS BANQUET

by S. Cantoral

The Annual E.S.P. Sports Banquet took place Monday
evening, January 24, 1965.

Those present will agree, I’m sure, that this year’s
affair was a memorable one, well received by all. (The
steaks were tasty, the guests entertaining, and the audience
“live” and responsive.) Representing the institution staff
were Superintendent A. JT. Rundle; Director of Treatment
Thomas Graham, Music Director Robert Barclay and Chap-
lain Sidney Barnes. Guests who participated in the program,
included: Messers Joe Sweeney; Tony Pino, a local sports
figure; Chris Short, star southpaw pitcher with the Phila-
delphia Phillies; Clay Dalrymple, number one catcher of the
Phillies; Larry Daurelle, Commander of American Legion
Continental Post #263; and Art McNally, prominet Nationa
Football League official.

Mr. Graham introduced Joe Sweeney, ex-fighter,
nationally known referee, raconteur, and our very own
Master of Ceremonies. (An E.S.P. Sports Banquet without
Joe Sweeney would be like—well, just wouldn’t be like—)
Mr. Sweeney, in fine form as usual, “carried’’ on in grand
fashion and introduced in turn the other celebrities.

Chris Short and Clay Dalrymple, being baseball stars
talked of baseball, various players in the league, and
related some amusing incidents in their own careers. Later,
they fielded some loaded questions on baseball like the pro’s
they are. Dalrymple, upon reaching the twilight of his base-
ball career, should try show business — as a comedian — his
“dead-pan” humor is great.

Art McNally spoke on football, recounting some hu-
morous tales of several big games and tense situations. He
came despite a bad cold and extreme hoarseness. A rathe
graphic description of his interest in our having a “ball’’ on
Banquet night.

Seated l. to r. Clay Dalrymple; Tony Pion; Cris Short; former
Supt. A. T. Rundle; Joe Sweeney; Larry Daurelle; Standing Chap.
S. E. Barnes; Supt. J. R. Brierley; Dep. Supt. T. H. Graham; Art
McNally; Joseph Mazurkiewicz, Ph.D., Dir. EDCC; Records Officer
Paul Boone; Commissary Officer Edward Garwacki.

Larry Daurelle, a modest unassuming fellow, while
casually mentioning his football experiences with a Univers-
ity of Pittsburgh team that played a murderous schedule, is a
sincerely dedicated person who speaks from the heart with
eloquence in regards to the “creep-nik’’ element in society
today. Carry on Larry, we'd rather fight on your side, too!

And Mr. Tony Pino —a great guy who has grown
addicted to coming in to see the men each year and telling
a story or two. A fine gentleman whose remembrances
in prayer impressed and touched everyone.

After the presentations of the various awards for the
Championship teams and individuals (reported elsewhere),
the evening's festivities were concluded by the institution
band playing two selections under the direction of Mr.
Barclay.
