---
id: "1182"
title: "Medicare"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1966"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "12"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1966_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
MEDICARE

After the advent of Medicare, an ordinary citizen awoke one
morning with a severe pain in his head. He went downtown to a
huge building marked “Medicare.”

In the lobby he found an elevator marked “New Patients”
and entered. When it stopped, he found himself in a corridor facing
a long row of doors bearing, in alphabetical order, the names of
all the commen ailments. Selecting the one marked appendicitis, B
he entered and saw that he was in a tiny room with two doors on
the far wall marked Male and Female. Passing through the door
marked Male he found two more doors marked Protestant and
Catholic. Being a good Baptist, he chose the door marked Protestant
and entered. Inside were two msre doors, with sians identifying M
them White and Colored. No problem here, choosing the door
marked White he went in and found two doors marked Taxpayers eae |
and Non-Taxpayers. Since he was in good standing with his govern-
ment he chose the door markeac Taxpayers. Facing him were two
more doors marked Single and Married. Appreciating his good wife
and her concern al! the more, he went through the door marked
Married, only to find two mere doors-—-Republican and Democrat.
With a sigh he opened the door marked Republican and fell 9 stories
into the alley. 
