---
id: "1188"
title: "Table of Contents"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
EASTERN ECHO
Vol. 1 No. 1
State Correctional Institution at Philadelphia, Pa.

Superintendent Brierley                 1
Editorials                              2
The Negro Problem?                      4
The High Cost Of Living                 5
Vast Reform Urged In Penal Setup        6
A CONcept Of Constructive Elimination   8
Dissent and Protest                     9
Pennsylvania, Get In Step!             11
Indefinite ... ad infinitum            12
Honest To God — Irreverently!          14
A Brief Review Of A Book Review        16
Sometimes Even Shadows Fade            17
Dialogue In Rhetoric?                  25
Color Me Cockroach                     30
A Letter To Men In Prison              31
Xmas Show                              33
Local News                             35

COVER: Caricature of Echo Staff by Walter Curry

Editor, Bob Wallander; Associate Editor, Tommy
Williams. Local News Editor, Lou McCloud. Copy
Editor, Terry Baulkman. Editorial Assistants, Norm
Pearson, Frank Rouse. Artist, Walter Curry. Circula-
tion, Bill Schaeffer.

Administration: Governor, Raymond P. Shafer; Attor-
ney General, William G. Sennett. Bureau of Correc-
tion: Commissioner, Arthur T. Prasse; Deputy Com-
missioner, Kenneth E. Taylor, Ph. D. State Correc-
tional Institution at Philadelphia: Superintendent,
Joseph R. Brierley; Director of Treatment Services,
Dr. Joseph F. Mazurkiewicz; Director of Treatment
(SCIPHA), Joseph P. Maher; Director of Treatment
(EDCC), William Berg.

The Eastern Echo is published quarterly by permis-
sion of the Pennsylvania Bureau of Correction. The
purpose of this publication is to provide inmates with
an opportunity for self-expression on topics or themes
germane to their lives as prisoners or free men. The
Bureau assumes no responsibility for the inmate opin-
ions expressed in this publication. Mailing address:
Editor, Eastern Echo, 2107 Fairmount Ave., Phila-
delphia, Penna. 19130
