---
id: "1189"
title: "The $kimping $tate $tir"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0003.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Editorials
The $kimpins $tate $tir

A non-convict earning $315.00 per month ($283.50
take home pay after a ten-percent tax deduction)
would immediately assess the prices which follow, as
being too high in ratio to his monthly wages. Beyond
this assessment would lie the bewildering and knotty
problem of how he could maintain self-reliance.

One carton of cigarettes for $196.00
One pack of roll-your-own target tobacco for $6.30
One box of matches for $9.80
One skipping ball point pen for $14.00
One tube of toothpaste for $18.90
One bar of lux lovely for $7.70
One pint of ice cream for $23.10
One package of Gillette blades for $14.70
One candy bar for $2.80

The convict in Eastern Prison earning $4.50 per
month ($4.05 ‘‘take home pay’’ after a ten-percent
savings deduction) is very much aware of a wage to
price disparity. For the Eastern prisoner earning
$4.50 per thirty day month while paying 33¢ for one
pint of ice cream, 1s paying proportionately the same
price as the $315.00 non-convict wage earner buying
his $23.10 pint of ice cream. (See related article, The
High Cost of Living, on page 5 of this issue. )

IN EASTERN PRISON ARE: *

                 EARNING       (30 DAY)
NUMBER OF      DAILY WAGE      MONTHLY
   MEN             OF            WAGE
   268            15¢           $4.50
   111            20¢            6.00
    79            25¢            7.50
    67            50¢           15.00

At this writing 142 inmates not included in the
above figures, work for Correctional Industries.
These men are scaled as follows:

HOURLY WAGE (6%hrs.)        MONTHLY SALARY
         10¢   15¢   20¢    $28  $32  $34  $36
No. Men   3    47    71       3   11   5     2

When Dwight D. Eisenhower was President, and
while discussing with striking miners their griev-
ances, he said in response to the miners question on
how they could attain security, ‘‘the only people who
have security are in prison.’’ Sing...
Happy days are here again,
For those of us who are really In,
Oh happy days are here again.
In totality prisoners lead an abnormal way of life.
One need not search far for the norm—a community

*These figures have been taken from Eastern’s inmate pay-
roll for September, 1966, and are representative of the
current payroll.

of men, women and children. Eastern inmates form a
community of men. Only-lonely-men. Heaped upon
this agony is the seemingly contrived, but nonetheless
present, lack of substantial means for the inmate to
gain or maintain a modicum of self reliance (To each
convict there are many more and varied agonies).
Such an environmental situation does not indicate a
rehabilitative process or spell S-E-C-U-R-I-T-Y.

Like every non-convict community, the convict com-
munity has need for a financial equilibrium. Convicts
earning 15¢, 20¢, 25¢ and 50¢ for daily wages, then
paying 27¢ for one tube of toothpaste, can find no bal-
ance here. It is true that an Kastern inmate can go
along day after day not spending one thin dime—and
still live. It is similarly true for the non-convict. Fre-
quently such people are called bums. Frequently these
people feel like bums.

Whatever reasons for the non-convicts bum be-
havior, the convict may have ample reason for behav-
ing as he often does. Perhaps he is saving for the free-
dom effort. Even the most frugal effort is costly to
the 15¢ a day wage earner. Perhaps he has found him-
self to be even more guilty than charged. This man
will not appeal to wife, parents, children or friends
for sustenance—the very people he has hurt the most.
Conversely, perhaps the underpaid inmate does ask
others for money. This action does not endear him to
himself. And in many instances this request in being
“answered’’ creates further hardship upon those who
should be receiving money from the inmate.

It is unlikely that anyone will view an abnormal
way of life as truly rehabilitative, but there are some
measures which could be undertaken to bring rehabili-
tation more in focus with reality. One of these is an
increased wage scale for convicts. An increase of sub-
stantial proportions simply handed out as a dole from
the state would not in itself supply the full answer to
the problem. But by earning wages commensurate to
the cost of prison living all inmates would have a
minimal opportunity for self-reliance.
