---
id: "1191"
title: "Drawing A Line"
author: "RAW"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Drawing A Line

We all know that maps are not the territory
which they represent. A map of infinite detail would
leave us hanging from a high level of abstract reason-
ing should we foolishly apply its symbols as being
knowledge of a certain nation and her citizens. It
may be interesting map knowledge that Italy is a
peninsula, geographically the shape of a crude boot.
It is important human knowledge that a vast majority
of Italians are Catholics (No matter, really, if Italy
has the shape of a Lollobrigida leg). Because Italy
is accurately represented on a map to have a lengthy
Sea coast, could we possibly know that this nation has
many or few ships? In this context, then, it can be
seen and understood that there are lines—lines of in-
terest and lines of specific importance—which repre-
sent our natural earth. But about the ways of man
who live upon this earth, there is no ‘‘map’’ for us
to follow.

Man, it seems to me, has a penchant for drawing
lines. The line which I wish to eall your attention to
today, is the one man draws between himself and his
fellow man. Like the lines on our maps, they repre-
sent a ‘‘territory,’’ but they are not the real article.

The person who says, “I hate niggers!’’ has
drawn a line between himself and every black-skinned
human being on this earth. The guy saying, ‘‘All
faggots should be shot!’’ draws his particular line.
An Afro-American stating, ‘‘Whitey is a more clever
version of the Nazi!’’ firmly draws his line. There
we have three misshapen ‘‘maps.’’ The reason I say
these are representative lines but never the territory
described, is because the identifying level of abstrac-
tion is so high and precarious that it crumbles in
every instance when confronted with reason.

‘‘All criminals are animals and should be kept
in prison!’’

‘‘The only reason all people haven’t done what
I did is because they are afraid to!”

All criminals are animals and should be kept in
prison? The only reason all people haven’t done what
I did is because they are afraid to? There it is—by
turning line drawing—map making exclamatory
statements Into questions, we have something every-
one of us can get next to; lines which reason can
formulate into understanding.

It is a fact that I am.a convict. It is a fact
that Mr. Brierley is a warden, What sort of a ‘‘map”
can you draw from having only these two facts?
(Which of us is Shaped like a boot? Which lke a
heel?) Unfortunately, for those of us who are con-
victs, many people not im prison draw lines forming
maps of conclusion based upon the single fact—is
convict—and give little or no accountable thought of
the whole convict man. It is equally unfortunate that
many convicts use this same dubious thought process
when considering warden, judge, cops, and yes, the
‘honest John’’ never having police troubles.

As convicts we urge the non-convict to be more
understanding toward us, to ask himself about the
lines he has drawn between us, to remember that each
of us is a unique human being. We are right in
demanding this consideration from our fellow man.

It is no less proper, and our duty, to examine the
lines we as convicts draw between our very same fel-
low man; the non-convict. Let us not have our lines
form non-sense maps... after all, the part of so-
ciety all of us want to join, has been visited by
us before.

RAW

General Semantics Rule

cow1 is not cow2; cow2, is not cow3; etc.
cop1 is not cop2; cop2 is not cop3; etc.
Negro1 is not Negro2; Negro2 is not Negro3; etc.
Convict1 is not Convict2; Convict2 is not Convict3; etc.
