---
id: "1192"
title: "The Negro Problem?"
author: "Payne, Robert A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Negro Problem ?

by Robert A. Payne

By a peculiar logical inversion the Anglo-Saxon
class, its imitators, accomplices and victims have
been led to believe in a so-called “Negro Problem.”
The truth of the matter is that there is actually no
“Negro Problem”; for the Negro’s Problem, and in-
deed the problem of the world today, is the “Cauca-
sian Problem,”

A continuous reference to a “Negro Problem” as-
sumes the proposition that some profound and sin-
ister difficulty has been or is being created for the
rest of humanity by the so-called Negroes. This is
typical ruling class arrogance and duplicity, and has
no validity or basis in fact. It has been centuries
since any Negro (African) Nation has menaced the
rest of humanity. The last of the Black Moors with-
drew from Europe in 1492. I personally cannot re-
call reading anywhere in the annals of history where
these Blacks passed any Jim Crow laws, set up any
white (European) ghettos, conducted any mass po-
groms or carried on any discriminatory practices
against whites. Nor did they devote centuries of sys-
tematic propaganda, invariably malicious and erron-
eous, to prove the superiority of their blackness over
their white counterparts (Brethern).

So, while we may dismiss the concept of a “Negro
Problem” as a valuable dividend-paying fiction, it is
vividly clear that there is a “Caucasian Problem”. . .
a problem that is poignantly real and practically
universal.

Stated candidly, the problem confronting the
Negroes and indeed the colored peoples of the world,
is how to live in freedom, peace, security and segre-
gation without being invaded, subjugated, exploited,
expropriated, persecuted, humiliated and generally
bereft of all God given means of self elevation, in-
dividuality and human dignity by the whites (Cau-
casians). The same whites who justify their actions
by the ‘Myth’ of bringing salvation to the so-called
black or colored heathens in the name of Jesus
Christ.

The so-called Negro Problem is thus as mythical
as the term ‘Negro” itself, and is as false as the
white mans justifications! I say it is time that we
recognize “The Problem” for what it is and who it
is! We have passed through the ‘Age of Reason,’
now let us recognize the ‘Age of Truth’!

The term ‘Negro’ should be eradicated, for it, too,
is as fictitious as the theory (conception) of white
superiority on which Anglo-Saxon civilization is
based. It is nevertheless one of the most effective
smear and indoctrination devices developed since the
crusades. Of course “White” and “Caucasian” are
equally as barren of biological and scientific signifi-
eance. As such there are actually no “White People” ;
except the ‘albino’, who is a very pink or ghostly
white in color.

So my call to all who are prone to believe in the
‘old Myths’ of an archaic age, is to wake up and
recognize that this is a New Era of New Revelations
... New Religions... New Systems of Philos-
ophy which are turning the tide of Spiritual and
Social interests away from the orthodoxy of the past
ages. The ery of the orthoroxy has been, “Believe
and Ye shall be saved”; but the new ery is,“God Is
Dead”; “Seek Ye The Truth and The Truth Shall
Set You Free” and —By knowledge is man saved!

As a first entry in Echo history on a racial subject, Mr.
Payne is to be commended for assisting in the birth of
Echo Baby. Rather than seeing ‘‘the problem” as a
“Negro Problem” or a ‘‘White Problem’”’ (or as a Red
Problem or a Yellow Problem), this writer understands
racial problems to be ‘‘Human Problems.’’ Perhaps Mr.
Payne will accept this invitation, to expand his opinions
by being more definitive in the April Echo, on the ‘‘Cau-
casian Problem’’ as he sees it. Others wishing to com-
ment on this subject are invited to do so.—The Editor.
