---
id: "1194"
title: "The High Cost Of Living"
author: "Zeitz, Harry R. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The High Cost Of Living

by Harry Zietz

In 1953 the Bureau of Correction determined
that the correct amount an individual inmate should
be permitted to spend on Commissary items was four
dollars weekly. Today, fourteen years later, this same
four dollar limit exists, but the four dollars has a
purchase value of approximately two dollars and six-
ty cents! Generally, prices have risen about forty per
cent on Commissary items, while the four dollar week-
ly limit has not been considered for adjustment.

To illustrate the difference in prices over these
years the following comparison is submitted:

       ITEM                 1953     1966       DIFFERENCE
Cigarettes (Car.)          $2.20     $2.80      Plus $ .60
Ice Cream                    .25       .33        "    .08
Cookies, Pretzels, etc.  (Generally)              "    .07
Cigar, Tobacco, etc.     (Generally)              "    .04
Soap                         .08       .27        "    .04
Toothpaste                   .22       .27        "    .05
Mis. Toilet Articles     (Generally)              "    .04
                                               TOTAL: $.92

The above illustration covers only a few of our
Commissary items and there is already an increase of
of ninety-two cents! As a further illustration there
follows below a table showing a ‘‘normal’’ or ‘‘near
average’’ weekly order using items most popular and
necessary with the comparable prices:

         ITEM            1953     1966     DIFFERENCE
1 - Carton Cigarettes   $2.20    $2.80     Plus $ .60
2 - Ice cream             .50      .66       "    .16
1 - Toothpaste            .22      .27       "    .05
2 - Boxes Cookies (Av.)   .32      .44       "    .12
1 - Bar Soap (Av.)        .08      .13       "    .05
1 - Pk. Gillette Blades   .13      .21       "    .08
1 - Car. Matches          .08      .14       "    .06
    Candy (Assorted)      .47      .51       "    .04
           Total:       $4.00    $5.16          $1.16

As can be seen by this illustration this ‘‘normal’’
order of what we could purchase in 19538 for four
dollars would now cost $5.16, an increase of $1.16.
Therefore, we must eliminate from our 1966 order
$1.16 of the merchandise, leaving us $2.84 of the four
dollars the Bureau determined we could spend in
1953!

In addition to the above illustrations, during the
middle and late 1950’s we were permitted to purchase
all clothing items separate from the four dollar limit.
Now such items as socks, handkerchiefs, bath slippers,
sweatshirts, etc., are counted in the present four dol-
lar lomit.

Due to the constant rise in prices it is virtually
impossible to purchase these items and the everyday
necessities.

Furthermore, during this same period all postage
was paid by cash slip separate from the four dollar
limit, but now envelopes must be purchased from the
Commissary in packs of nine (need them or not) and
are included in the four dollar limit and at a cost of
fifty cents per package. This means that the inmate
who wishes to write just one extra letter (Like an
attempt to find an employer for a parole plan.) must
pay fifty cents for this “‘privilege!’’ It is also a fact
that postage rates have increased nearly 100 per cent
during the period in question.

Overall it could be very conservatively estimated
that the four dollars of 1966 has the purchase value
of approximaely two dollars and forty cents, one dol-
lar and sixty cents short of the four dollars that the
Bureau determined to be the correct amount the in-
mate would be permitted to spend weekly.

A previous official objection (in 1959) to a raise
in the limit was that most inmates do not earn even
the four dollars per week that they are permitted to
spend. This however, is only an admission of a woe-
fully inadequate pay scale!

Also to be considered is the fact that inmates
showing the best adjustment and who exhibit the best
behavior are given the ‘‘good’’ Prison Industry
jobs and earn up to $8.00 per week. These men, how-
ever, who represent approximately thirty per cent of
the purchasing population, are the ones most penal-
ized by the present limit. It actually denies these
‘‘best adjusted’’ inmates even some bare necessities,
or if they are non-smokers, a few ‘‘luxuries’’ such as
cakes and candy. It would seem only right that those
who strive for and receive these ‘‘good’’ jobs be per-
mitted to spend whatever part of their earnings they
wish and certainly not be penalized for their achieve-
ments.

The previous objection to this was to keep a
peaceful prison population one inmate cannot be per-
mitted to spend a great deal more than the lowest
paid inmate earns. This is acceptable reasoning, but
only again points out that the lowest paid inmate is
disgracefully underpaid. If there is sincerely an in-
terest to keep spending balanced, those who earn the
money should not be limited, but those who cannot
earn the money should be raised in proportion to the
inflationary rise in prices! There is no doubt that
inflation also infects a prison, but where else could
one find a working man who hasn’t had a raise in pay
for at least the past fourteen years?

It is very evident that prices have risen consid-
erably over the years, but the pay scale for the ‘‘lit-
tle guy’’ and the limit on spending has been sta-
tionary.

The man on the street has his union to resolve
these problems - our union is a dependency on prison
officials to see the necessity of a proposal and act
accordingly.

In view of the obvious problem presented here
we hope to see the Commissary Limit raised in pro-
portion to the rise in prices. Even more important,
however, is a break for the guys who aren’t paid
enough to accompany the more fortunate to the Com-
missary every week!
