---
id: "1195"
title: "Vast Reform Urged In Penal Setup"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Vast Reform Urged In Penal Setup

Reprinted by permission from The Christian Science Monitor
Copyrighted 1966 The Christian Science Monitor Publishing Society
All rights reserved

The nation’s criminal correctional programs and
institutions are in drastic need of change and
improvement.

This is the conclusion of the first of a series of
studies made by the National Crime Commission
during the last year and a half. Many of the short-
comings uncovered by the correction study will re-
sult in specific recommendations when the crime
commission’s final report is made to the President
next January.

These recommendations are expected to be con-
cerned with:

• An immediate need for tripling the number
of trained probation and parole personnel and quad-
rupling of teachers, vocational instructors, psychi-
atrists, and psychologists in institutions.

• Redistribution of correctional personnel from
the present overwhelming concentration on guard-
ing offenders to increased emphasis on treatment
and training.

• Finding ways to turn citizen and community
indifference into serious concern with the problems
of helping those involved in crime regain a normal
life.

The survey, the first national examination of cor-
rectional programs and criminal offenders, produced
shocking statistics. They include:

On any given day, more than 1,280,000 persons or
about one out of every 100 individuals over 14 years
of age—are under supervision or care of a federal,
state, or local crime agency or institution. One-
third of these people are in institutions.

PRACTICE CRITICIZED

Barely 5 percent of all personnel working in local
jails and institutions devote their time to treatment
and training. Yet, the local jails imprison most
first offenders, presumably the most receptive to re-
habilitation.

More than 90 percent of the persons working in
state and local correctional institutions are admin-
istrators and guards.

Only five states operate “halfway houses” to help
released offenders make a gradual readjustment to
society. Fewer than 25 states have started work-re-
lease programs where offenders can gain on-the-job
experience before they are released.

One out of every four children detained are held in
jails and police lock-up, often with hardened erim-
inals. Only Vermont, Connecticut, and Puerto Rico
contend they never use jails for children.

Statistics on repeaters were not a part of the sur-
vey and are not accurate enough. But crime com-
mission experts estimate that one out of three, or
possibly one out of two of those sentenced to federal
or state prisons become repeaters after they are re-
leased.

Nicholas deB. Katzenbach, crime commission
chairman, said that if the nation is truly concerned
about crime, then it must come to be equally con-
eerned about the quality of its jails, prisons, and
probation and parole services.

“So long as men are held in prisons for years on
end without any kind of vocational training, so long
as those who have served their time are released
from institutions with little hope and no assistance
in finding jobs, so long must we expect some of them
to return to crime,” he said.

PROBLEMS REVIEWED

The study was done as part of a complete review
of correction problems. It was under the direction of
Prof. Elmer K. Nelson, a corrections expert and for-
mer prison warden now on leave from teaching
duties at the University of Southern California.

In an interview, Professor Nelson said that he ex-
pected the final report would suggest further in-
volvements of the federal government to improve
state and local correctional programs and would re-
quire extensive funding at the outset.

He stressed the need for a change in attitude by
the public.

“People like to have this problem out of sight,” he
said. “It is frightening to have criminals around, so
we lock them up. Also correctional programs can-
not compete for funds with things like schools and
highways.”

Even the halfway-house idea, which has proved
successful, is difficult to get into action, he said.

“Some people think it is a fine idea, but when you
try to start a halfway house or a work-release pro-
gram in their community, the walls go up,” he said.

Professor Nelson said that at present there are
only 2,600 teachers, vocational instructors, psychi-
atrists, and psychologists working in institutions.
But 10,000 are needed.

There are only 14,781 probation and parole offi-
cers. But on a minimal case load, the immediate
need is for 47,000 officers.

He warned that it is an illusion to think that just
the development of better-staffed institutions and
better probation and parole procedures ean solve the
problem.

“They are important,” he said. “But along with
these improvements, the schools, employers, churches
recreation services, and the entire community must
be brought into the process of helping people who
have been in trouble to get back into a normal, use-
ful life.

Despite the problems, many exciting programs
are being carried on throughout the country, Pro-
fessor Nelson said.

For example, under the California Youth Author-
ity, a group of convicted juvenile deliquents selected
at random are given supervision and help in their
communities, rather than being sent to institutions.
Only 29 percent of those treated in the communities
have become criminal repeats. The other half of the
eontrol group, which had been sent to instituitions
has had 48 percent repeaters.
