---
id: "1198"
title: "Dissent and Protest"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Dissent and Protest
by Thomas Williams

In advanced countries laws are made and admin-
istered by that sociological institution known as the
state; which, of course, is responsible for the preser-
vation of law and order and the administration of
justice. The people defer to the state, arbitration of
erievances where such grievances tend to affect the
community at large. The maintaining of stable,
social institutions and the people’s right to protest
these same institutions when they inadequately serve
them, is the historical dilemma of democratic
societies.

A method frequently used to challenge institutions
and systems thought to be unjust, is dissent and pro-
test. In recent times, many have been led to believe
that dissent and protest is a fundamental wrong. Not
so. These methods are fundamental and are consti-
tutionally guaranteed rights, nailed down in Article
I of the Bill of Rights:

“Congress shall make no laws respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting the
free exercise thereof; or abridging the free-
dom of speech or of the press; or of the
people peaceably to assemble and to peti-
tion the Government for a redress of griev-
ances.”

There is an age old misconception accepted by
many people which lends itself to the theory of abso-
lutism. The misconception lies in the thought of an
individual’s position in the state or federal govern-
ment entitling him to strict immunity from errors in
decision making, irrational behavior, despotism and
the like. This misguided thinking by citizens have
created the illusion that a public office be it state or
government is private domain, in which censure
plays no part for actions contrary to the best inter-
est of a nation.

It is not surprising when these public officials be-
come incensed at protest levied against their actions.
They have enjoyed unresticted freedom for so long,
the natural reaction displayed by many is displeas-
ure and rebelliousness against dissent and/or pro-
test. Their aversion to change can be rationalized
but not condoned.

The right to dissent should be vigorously protect-
ed by the government. It is difficult to be forthright
and persuasive when fear of reprisals are evident in
justifiable complaints being misinterpreted as out-
right rebellion. The courage to dissent and protest
becomes more acute in the face of adversity. Es-
pecially when the dissenters’ patriotism is chal-
lenged by public officials seeking to silence the mass
by labeling their actions as un-American and com-
munistic.

Much blood, sweat and tears are written in Ameri-
can history because of the stubborness of govern-
ment to acknowledge that this country was founded
on the premise of a government of the people, by the
people, and for the people. That no person shall
abrogate powers unto himself possessive of the idea
that he is a law unto himself.

These laws are based on the theory that when any-
one becomes inclined to challenge the basic rights of
American citizens as written in our books of law,
then it is time to challenge him. Since government
and law are products of mortal man, they need con-
stant challenge and review so that they may serve
not merely a few but the many.

The quality of dissent defines its merits. While
dissent and protest presupposes a manner of non-
conformance, it does not lie in hatred and violence.
This is an abuse of dissent. Dissent and protest
should be aimed at clearly defined targets and in the
clear interest of the whole community. Meritorious
dissent does not have as its goal the inflaming of vio-
lent actions and the igniting of propaganda for those
who seek, literally, to overthrow our government.
Dissent is constructive not destructive.

This basic right to dissent is a form of strengthen-
ing government. Errors are part of the thinking and
behavior of man. It is a distinguishing factor that
makes man improve by ccrrection. However, this
process cannot be perfected if man is unaware of the
error or errors made. By pointing them out to him,
this should make him re-evaluate his position and
thinking and give him a clearer perspective of the
error and the method of correction. This is not al-
ways the case as explained earlier. Too often, the
dissenters are met with a type of reverse dissent.
Sometimes, it is not easily disclaimed because of the
inherent faith and trust Americans hold for their
elected officials. Thus, they are casily duped into
closing their minds to the dissenting view.

One of the main objections to dissent and protest
(particulary in the United States at present) seems
to be a fear of disrespect for the law and the stirring
of passions better left dormant. People seem to feel
that peace exists where quiet resides. Classes may
absorb abuse and injustice for a time; inevitably,
they rise up in protest. The rumblings of discontent
are of a parody when not stimulated by actions. The
affluent of society must be prodded out of its com-
placency. It has been a bitter reality of the grim
lesson of nations that catered to a few while disre-
garding millions of people who made up the bulk of
their population.

Dissent and protest has not been a failure. De-
spite the many objections remedial ways of correc-
tion has been instituted. On the state level there has
been the erection of special grievance boards set up
to hear dissenting views or complaints from citizens.
This is a beginning but not nearly enough. Many of
these boards are in use on the governmental level.
However, the drawbacks are many. There seems to
be a reluctance on the part of government officials to
recognize the average citizen. These public officials
seem to think, one of their counterparts can speak
for “the man in the street.” They couldn’t be further
from the truth. In order to understand any problem
with clarity the individual must either be a part of
the problem or to have empathy for the problem.
This seems to be a difficult process and the difficulty
is very clear.

Man wants to feel secure against intrusion of his
public position. However, extremity in this may lead
to many irrational views by those who were pri-
marily seated in order to have the public’s interest
at heart. Consequently they try all sorts of political
and criminal dodges in order to circumvent or still
any dissenting voice.

It is these very same public officials who give
vent to their rage by calmly looking on or away
while peaceful protesters are beaten and jailed by
the overzealousness of our law enforcement agents.

On the other hand the most dangerous individual
has not been mentioned. This is the average citizen
who display apathy and indifference to any problem,
except the everyday worries of natural problems
such as food, clothing, ete. They have the impression
that unless a problem affects them personally, in-
volvement is a useless course of action. Never real-
izing that the injustice that affects one can surround
many. Our system of government was designed to
affect the masses. Whether the result be good or
bad is for the people to decide.

The culture and ideas of the western world have
indeed shown results, but it has weaknesses which
are beginning to manifest itself in the form of men-
tal lethargy. As the problems of man’s immediate
needs become greater, his interest in national policies
and issues wanes.

What can we do to re-stimulate this interest and
bring it to the forefront of our awareness. A political
scientist once answered this question in five words.
“We must begin thinking again.” It seems to many
people an ordeal to think. The pain of learning and
thinking seems to lie in our habit of shunning the
multifarious problems that confronts us and affects
us each day. The health of a nation depends on di-
verse views and the selection of that which is most
agreeable to life; not as an individual but as a so-
ciety, living and working together to protect the
rights of all its people.
