---
id: "120"
title: "Night Beat"
author: "HEINEMANN, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“NIGHT BEAT”

by
ROBERT D. HEINEMANN

Attracted by the after-supper activities which
began in the school the evening of Monday, Octo-
ber 15, 1956, your reporter checked in with Tom
Graham, Educational Director and found the new
Evening School off and running.

There was Robert Burman, Assistant Director,
and a recent arrival on our scene from the Philadel-
phia school system. What was he doing? Taking
charge of the whole evening program and, in addition,
teaching a class of 6 men in Mechanical Drawing.
There was Jim Beatty ably assisting Mr. Burman in
handling a group of 7 busily working at Show Card
and Sign Lettering. Both these classes are to meet
regularly from 6:00 to 8:00 P.M., Monday, Wednes-
day and Friday. Tucked neatly in the center of
things was expert Harold Farrow assisting Mr. Bur-
man in working two nightly shifts of 7 students each,
which on Monday through Friday will have keyboards
humming. Hach typing class is an hour’s length,
the first convening at 6:00; the second, 7:00 P.M.

Now is the tibe
Now is the time for akk
Now is the time for all good mee

Liking the whole idea of what I saw, I asked
for and received permission to drop in again the
next evening. Now, apparently, it was the chance
for those working in the lower academic subjects.
Proposing to meet every Tuesday and Thursday eve-
ning, this group of 382 were absorbed in their studies
like a bunch of veterans, with Principal Burman
conducting things and giving his individual attention
wherever it was needed.

Making a mental note that 54 men were being
schooled in the evenings, I stopped back in with Mr.
Graham for a while and learned that I really hadn’t
seen anything yet, for as soon as more classrooms
and space become available the authorities hope to
enlarge the program to cover higher academic studies.
I at once asked to be enrolled in a course on Research
and Stastisties ... Statiestics .. uh, Spelling, that is.

Kidding aside, Mr. Burman really has something
in his Evening School program and the ECHO would
very much like to know who to credit with the idea
and authorization.

(Daily School activities will be continued, as
usual, under the supervision of Mr. Graham.)
