---
id: "1200"
title: "Pennsylvania, Get In Step!"
author: "Bowers, Milton"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Pennsylvania, Get In Step!

by Milton Bowers

In a recent issue of The Forum, an inmate publica-
tion at Lincoln, Nebraska, a news item was published
concerning the inauguration of a program by the
Wisconsin Bureau of Corrections. It noted that each
administrative staff at each prison under their juris-
diction, were vested with the authority to recom-
mend an inmate for release on parole at any time
prior to the expiration of his minimum sentence;
when in their judgment the inmate has evidenced
marked strides toward sclf-improvement, and has
reached in all respects some semblance of
rehabilitation.

The premise here is that when a prisoner, in the
opinion of the prison administrative staff, has reach-
ed the pinnacle of rehabilitation a recommendation
is made by them to the Board of Parole urging that
the inmate in question be released on parole at that
pricise juncture. The rationale is that; continued in-
earceration beyond that plateau could very well
work to the detriment of the prisoner should he be
compelled to languish in prison solely through the
mere expedient of satisfying a judicial pronounee-
ment.

The Wisconsin Bureau of Corrections recognized
the fallacy and short-comings of the imposition of
the “minimum-maximum” sentence practiced by the
courts. They, therefore, initiated steps to implement
a “new idea” that would better serve the ends of
justice by focusing its penological philosophy into
the area of “rehabilitation” rather than ‘‘punish-
ment,” thereby significantly rendering obsolete the
theory that punishment for wrongdoing is the means
to an end. And, that by its very existence, punish-
ment acting as a deterrent to crime has been eate-
gorically rejected in this “enlightened” day and age
as being anachronistic.

New concepts in the field of penology are being
tried in many prison systems throughout America.
The Federal Department of Prisons has instituted a
program in all federal prisons that allows hundreds
of prisoners to hold outside employment by day, re-
porting back to the prison after each day of labor.
The money these inmates earn is sent to their fam-
ilies, or to pay off debts incurred. In an article by
Frank McGill (Evening Bulletin, December 17, 1966)
concerning this federal program, he reported that
prison officials are very elated with the results of
this program, and with rare exception has a prisoner
failed to adhere to the rules of his “trust.”

In Pennsylvania there exists an opportunity for
every inmate to apply for clemency at any given time
before his minimum sentence expires. But it would
be misleading to equate the mere existence of the
right of a prisoner to apply for clemency to the
Pennsylvania Board of Pardons, with the above
mentioned program undertaken in Wisconsin. On
the surface the opportunities are parallel, but what
actually occurs reduces Pennsylvania’s efforts to-
ward this end to practically zero in terms of recog-
nizing, and thereby releasing, an applicant on the
basis of his “rehabilitation.”

The Pennsylvania Board of Pardons, by its very
record assumes the position that clemency may be
considered when, for instance, an applicant has
served a great portion of his minimum sentence. In
the ease of a lifer, his chances for clemency are very
remote if he does not have 17 to 25 years served on
his sentence. However, it is equally as rare for an
applicant to receive clemency if his minimum sen-
tence is five years or under. In the five years this
writer has been incarcerated in the State Correc-
tional Institution at Philadelphia, he knows of only
one instance where clemeney was granted to an in-
mate by the Board, when an inmate’s minimum sen-
tence was under five years. Yet during that span, he
knows 60 inmates who tried and failed. Certainly
such a record is deplorable.

There are many inmates who your writer knows
that petitioned for clemency but were denied and
went on to serve their entire minimum sentences,
were paroled, and are still on parole, presumably
now useful citizens. Could not these very same in-
mates have made out just as well if they were gran-
ted clemency earlier? It seems to me that the Board
of Pardons is remiss in its function when it refuses
to grant clemency in cases where there is no opposi-
tion to an inmate’s plea, and where the prison’s staff
members make a recommendation that the inmate be
considered [favorably] for a commutation of his sen-
tence.

For the Board of Pardons to weigh the amount of
time the applicant has served over all other favor-
able factors before commutation is granted defeats
completely any argument that may be advanced,
that the opportunities for a rehabilitated prisoner to
gain an early release on parole are one and the same
and are comparable to the program which has been
initiated in Wisconsin. It sounds the same in theory,
but it does not work out that way in practice. As we
have noted, a prisoner in Pennsylvania could be ex-
tended clemency only after he has shown great ef-
forts toward self-improvement coupled with meeting
the [apparent] standard set forth by the board of
serving an excessive number of years in prison.

It is quite conceivable that many convicts are ex-
cellent “risks” for their liberty long before they have
served the greater portion of their minimum sen-
tence. The inescapable fact remains that their pleas
for clemeney would avail them nothing until they
have at least “served” the latter requirement.

A man should be given a chance to return to soci-
ety when he proves (as best he can in prison) that
he is ready in all respects for release. Such a de-
cision should be left to the judgment of the prison
administration staff which is in a much better posi-
tion to know who they are recommending for release
than do the members of the Board of Pardons. Such
a step should be studied, considered and made opera-
tive in Pennsylvania.
