---
id: "1201"
title: "Indefinite...ad infiitum"
author: "Molinar, Salvatore"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Indefinite ... ad infinitum

by Salvatore Molinar

The increase in crime which the nation has
witnessed since World War II has caused a corre-
sponding rise in the number of official and unofficial
studies. These studies are conducted by a wide
variety of individuals and groups in an effort to shed
additional light upon the subject with a view to
formulating new or improved concepts and programs
capable of reversing the trend.

Among the results of these studies there have
been many suggestions relating to the implementa-
tion of programs which would institute the indefinite
or indeterminate sentence as one of the ways to
diminish the crime rate. Under this program, all
persons sentenced to imprisonment for felonies
would have no minimum or maximum terms attach-
ed to their sentences, and the amount of actual time
served would be determined by the staffs of the
institutions concerned.

The reasoning behind these proposals is that
such a program would prevent criminals form being
released, as they are today, at the expiration of their
full sentence, without recourse to prison officials,
who in certain cases, might feel that the prisoner
being released has not been rehabilitated, and is a
danger to society.

While there is, no doubt, much to be said for
this rationale from society's point of view, I would
like to point out that equally as much can be said
against it from both the prisoner’s and society's
point of view. In the first place, experienced prison
officials could be the first to point out that a good or
bad prison record is often an unreliable yardstick
with which to measure the potentialities or possibili-
ties of an inmate's actions upon his release. Psychia-
try and social sciences are likewise limited by their
newness and many other factors. Thus, the possi-
bility arises that under the system suggested, a man
convicted of relatively minor crimes could be kept
in prison for a length of time completely out of pro-
portion with the offence committed, and this would
be done without the certainty of having kept the
“right’’ man off the street.

Another trend in modern penology appears to
me to be far more promising of results. The
gradual processing of inmates from an initial
period of maximum security incarceration, through
progressive stages during which he is allowed to
work at regular jobs in society and, finally, to his
full release. This is bound to reduce the number of
recidivists. As Pavlov pointed out, man is a creature
of habit. When society decides to allow a larger
percentage of offenders to remain partially free,
while under supervision, many will retain the work-
ing habit even though they may not have chosen, or
may not have been able, to do so before. What's
more the large number of convicted men who have
become physical, mental and moral wrecks through
decades of imprisonment, can perhaps be replaced
by men who will at least keep in contact with the
pace and reality of their time.
