---
id: "1204"
title: "Honest To God-Irreverently"
author: "JAMES, Sterling B."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Book Review

Honest To Gov — Irreverently!

by Sterling B. James

Apparently, it is serious business among millions
of contemporary Christians when one of their spirit-
ual leaders holds forth in a book on such metaphysi-
cal exotica as the exact physical location of God in
time and space. Never mind who or what is God or
whether God is, in fact, anything. The thing to know
about these days is space-time continuum—albeit
divine. Discover God’s whereabouts and all other
questions concerning God resolve themselves into a
beautiful, spiritual mosaic.

On this question of spatial metaphysics, Chris-
tians mean business and anyone doubting this has
only to read the tortured reviews and taunting re-
ports which swirled around Bishop A. T. Robinson’s
deeply religious, semi-rational, eclectic little book,
“Honest To God” when it first exploded upon the
literary scene several years ago. The book should
have been a bust, but such is the credulity of modern
Christians, the book became an instant best seller
and created quite a stir.

Far be it from the intent of this review to mini-
mize such weighty matters. Nevertheless, it does
seem odd to learn through Bishop Robinson’s book
that corporeal geography, after all these years, has
never been really established. You would think that
something might have been done about this embar-
rassing oversight even as late as the eighteenth and
nineteenth century when disputations regarding the
“materiality,” “substantiality,” and “composition-
ality,” of divine phenomenon were finally resolved.

More’s the Pity!

After the elapse of several millennia, one now dis-
covers that Christians (and perhaps, even Jews)
haven’t the foggiest as to the whereabouts of God
and for all they know he might well have been, and
might well be, residing in Hades!

It’s really too much. Think about the fate of all
those souls—and there must be billions of them—
which departed this life with such high hopes.
Stranded out there; milling aimlessly about in the
ereat somewhere; no place to go, no one to run to;
no compass, no north star, no nothing—in limbo, so
to speak. Too late to save them now, unfortunately.

But for those of the faithful who are so fortunate
as to be contemporaries of the Reverend John A. T.
Robinson, Bishop of Woolwich, London, England,
should find comfort in the fact that the Almighty
Hideway has been, after long last, more or less, dis-
covered by the Bishop.

All becomes clear through Bishop Robinson’s
vision. The crooked is made straight and the rough
places plane. But first it is necessary for Christians
to “throw up all orthodox notions of God up there,
God out there, Ole man in the sky,” and all that pie.
Such notions are at variance with Christianity’s
basic theology anyway. “God in heaven,” according
to the Bishop, “is metaphorical and is a stumbling
block rather than an aid to finding God, particularly
in the light of modern science and technology (Co-
pernicus, you know).

“Shake the Foundations of Christiology!” exhorts
the Bishop. “Cast off your primitive fears as mani-
fest in all those old symbolisms and superstitions!”

Plowing gidily ahead, Bishop Robinson not only
defines God anew for the faithful but, borrowing
whole cloth from Paul Tillich, tells exactly where
God is and who God is:

“God is in you!”

“How’s that again?”

“That’s it. Not out there or up there but in you.
The depth of your life, the source of your being and
your ultimate concern; that which you take seri-
ously about yourself without reservations. That is
God.”

“Could you be a little more specific? Dm not sure
I’m reading you.”

“Simply put, God is depth! Forget everything
traditional you have learned about God. God is, in a
word, the infinite, inexhaustible depth and ground
of being.”

Bishop Robinson considers that definition to be a
more perspicacious and simpler rendering of God’s
whereabouts than that definition reputedly delivered
by Jesus Christ, i.c., “Our Father who art in heaven.
ete

But it is this very language attributed to Jesus
which exercises the Bishop. There seems to be the
implication that Gospel history has a stature supe-
rior to bare, ordinary secular history and attempts
to make of events of two thousand years ago more
than history—supernatural, mythological. This, in
turn, makes the entire episode unintelligible to mod-
ern man. Bishop Robinson insists that Jesus of
Nazareth was not a God nor a supernatural being
invested with earthly garb, above the sum of things.
Jesus of Nazareth was the greatest example in bib-
lical history of absolute immersion of self into the
ground of being. In this incarnation, Jesus becomes
God. A thing said well is genius. A thing said ex-
ceptionally well is God! (emphasis added)

As stated earlier, these are, indeed, weighty mat-
ters worthy of serious attention. If this writer enter-
tained any doubt on this score, long ago, he would
have invoked James Gould Cozzen’s atheistic epithet
which is quoted here only to show how narrow
minded and mean some of our modern writers are
when it comes to religion:

“As hypocrisy is the homage vice pays to
virtue; Religion is the homage nonsense
pays to sense.”

But Bishop Robinson deserves better and he must
be accepted on his own terms and on the basis of
what he is attempting to accomplish, ie., to demy-
thologize Christianity; to discover God and to rede-
fine him. There is no mythology nor ambiguity in
the Bishop’s restatement of God. All is clear!

Restatement : God is ultimate reality.

Question: What is ultimate reality?

Answer: The ground of Our Being.

We have now abandoned all obscurantism and
superstition and have discovered the God of the
Bible who “conquers power and space by his
weakness!” (direct quote)

Bishop Robinson is a cool one. Icily he strips away
the fat and flab of superstitious Christiology. He is
not, however, above introducing into his script, lan-
guage of striking lyricism, heavy with erotic religi-
ousity—almost mystical in its fervor as when he im-
passionately describes that “depth of God” which
underlies his thesis: “God is Depth! God is deep.
Deep, the opposite of shallow; deep—opposite of
high; deep is truth! Deep is suffering. Deep—the
depth out of which the psalmist cries to God! God
is of deep things, the inexhaustible mystery of life;
the ultimate meaning of existence, power and uncon-
ditional devotion; intimation of eternity; awareness
of unconditionality, numinousity, ecstasy!”

And, of course, the Bishop is fully backed up by
holy writ when he disclaims the divine nature of
Jesus Christ and repudiates such childishness as
Jesus’ temporary visitation on earth as being an
episode in which Jesus was sent from heaven by God
as Son and envoy. Doesn’t the New Testament state
unequivocally that Jesus was the word of God; God
was in Christ? The spirit of translation from the
Greek runs: “And what God was, the word was.”
Jesus was the complete expression of God. Jesus
said: “If I claim anything for myself, do not believe
me.” Jesus referred to himself as “the son of man”
(Mark 14:61), never, the “son of God.” Others said
that about Jesus—as, indeed, they are still saying
to this day!

We, thus, have come full circle and ask the Bishop
to tell us in one fell swoop: Which way to God? The
Bishop answers obliquely, like going up the down
stairs: “Love is of God—this idea touches funda-
mental reality in the universe and the ultimate char-
acter of being.”

Alas, Bishop, on what terrestrial or subterranean
shores may we find God.

Bishop: “The infinite world points beyond itself
and is self-transcendent. The Divine is found in the
ecstatic character of this world!”

“But where, Bishop, where?”

Bishop: “Search the scripture, Psalm 189—‘God is
in every direction... ”

“Honest To God” is heady stuff. When the book
was first published several years ago, it sent shock
waves throughout the Christian world, particularly
in the United States. The impact was of such di-
mensions as to prompt Bishop Robinson to write a
fatter, weightier sequal to explain it. Some of the
most brilliant religious minds of the day are grap-
pling with the serious matters ventilated in Honest
To God. Indeed, these matters push thought beyond
the frontiers of Christian orthodoxy. All of this may
be exciting and momentous for some—and thank
goodness for them! Nevertheless, as a person of in-
different religious interests, this writer finds Bishop
Robinson's a la Paul Mich s) Ground of Our
Being” as elusive and meaningless as he finds prim-
itive and irrelevant to life, the traditional, super-
natural concept of “God out there” or wherever.

(“Honest to God” is available through our
Protestant Chaplains.)
