---
id: "1206"
title: "A Brief Review Of A Book Review"
author: "TW"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Brief Review Of A Book Review

The “Book Review” written by Sterling James on
the book, “Honest To God,” while wallowing in
spiritual adjectives and refutational answers to
Christian cliches, does carry a message. This mes-
sage is conceived in the fact that, the writer seems
to lend himself to atheistic views. Yet, the subtle
hint is of an agnostic like tempo designed to pro-
duce an allegro type movement of words. This gives
the believers of secularism and disclaimers the no-
tion of having procured one more ally.

If read twice with profound discernment, one dis-
covers that the critic is really not a critic at all, but
a believer. And, the oppositional aspect of his think-
ing stems from his pragmatic approach to reality
and his disappointment in Christian metaphysics,
which the existence of/or belief in God’s existence
invoked. It is a timely book review, and one that
should be read a second time in order to understand
the authors opinion of the author of “Honest To
God."

The fact that many reading the book review by
Mr. James will be stimulated into reading the book
itself may serve as a credit to the writer. The fact
that many other books of (perhaps) greater literary
value exist (Life of Jesus-Ernest Renon) will not de-
tract from the present work. ‘Honest To God” may
lose some of its impact, however, when comparisons
are made with the more scholarly treatment of the
subject made in the book mentioned.

The argument itself is endless and there seems to
be no conclusive answers in sight. Perhaps, this is
as it should be, for man seems to progress better
when an air of mystery surrounds his existence. The
fact that Christianity has been a failure has not di-
minished man’s belief in such. This belief stems
naturally from his fear of death though he is reluc-
tant to admit it. So, for all practical purposes man’s
imagination can find a counterpart or an opposite in
this book and many others—while giving himself a
reason for his existence on this vast universe—of
ours?

Mr. James seems to have crowded all his criticism
into one review. He does have a freshness that
should appeal to many of Christianity’s adherents
and/or doubters. Books are just another facet of
man’s ability to use the absorption of knowledge and
to synthesize it into a form that all mankind can
understand and utilize.

TW
