---
id: "1209"
title: "Sometimes Even Shadows Fade"
author: "ROUSE, Frank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Sometimes Even Shadows Fade

by Frank Rouse

one

I had been watching the small circling plane
with intense interest for several minutes, ever since
I first heard the oncoming hum of the engine. I was
naturally quite interested, as there aren’t many signs
of modern mechanism in this remote spot, far from
civilization. | knew for a fact that I was sixty-three
miles from the nearest town, and well over two
hundred miles from the closest airfield. I had been
living out here in the Northwest wilderness for al-
most three years and hadn’t seen one other human
being in all that time.

two

Up until four years ago, mine was a pretty nor-
mal, run-of-the-mill life. But then, personal trage-
dies hammered me with relentless regularity. It
started with the loss of Uncle Henry and Aunt
Clara, my only living relatives, and two very won-
derful people. They were killed instantly when a
tractor-trailer truck jack-knifed at full speed, flipped
over the highway divide from the opposite lane, and
crushed their sedan like an eggshell. Then a few
months later, dear, sweet Beverly, my lovely, faith-
ful fiancee and steady girl from high school and
college days, shattered our engagement by eloping
with a guy from one of those traveling automobile
daredevil shows. And, finally, to top it all off, the
long awaited for promotion I had earned and was
expecting from the advertising agency where | had
worked, was handed over to the freshly kicked out
of college, nephew of one of the fat, rich stock-
holders and directors.

That did it for me! I rented out the house and
the other properties Uncle Henry had left me, and
put everything of value in storage. I bought a good
size, used panel truck and generously stocked it
with everything I thought I would need. Then, with-
out any fanfare, | gave the madcap, phony society
I lived in a last, long, disgusting look and took off
with Bo, my large multi-breed dog.

My only plan was to get away from it all, and
I just kept going until cities and towns dwindled into
hamlets and villages. The villages trickled into an
occasional scattering of buildings. Leaving the high-
ways to travel the back tar roads, we cut off onto
the dirt roads and rutted lanes; then to the rocky
hills and patches of forest. And finally, after bucking
and lurching, and slowly climbing to the high coun-
try, the panel truck broke down completely. We had
made an incredible journey and came to a stop not
far from the Shan-gri-la which was to become my
home.

The natural beauty of the place was so stun-
ning, that it actually appeared to be the rich fabrica-
tion of a Hollywood setting. The clear, wide stream
with the small cataract forming a large, sparkling
pool was charming. The sturdy elegance of the
cedars, hemlocks, giant redwoods, pines and great
oaks, were majestic. And all this regal splendor was
surrounded by and intermingled with wildflowers,
laurel, fern, blueberry and blackberry bushes, and
small wild cherry trees. Everything was clean and
natural, and unspoiled. The heady, untainted at-
mosphere gave me the momentary feeling that I
was desecrating a Godly place by just being there.
I was an intruder!

Nevertheless, slowly but surely, I built my
eighteen by twenty foot cabin about fifty yards
from the crystaline pool, and made use of the wind-
shield and the glass from the sides and back of the
truck for cabin windows. This crude but welcome
architecture gave me a well lighted cabin, but even
more so, an indescribable wildlife view. The morn-
ing scenes of the animals at the pool were breath-
taking, giving me an early assurance of the peace-
ful tranquillity | was seeking.

All around me was an unlimited supply of
trout and game, fresh water and berries. And with
the thriving, small vegetable garden I had planted
each spring, from the seeds I brought along with me,
and the moderate use of my ample store of staples,
Bo and I were well set and enjoyed feast after splen-
did feast.

My stone and clay fireplace was erected at the
back wall of the cabin, with a small oven to one side
and an iron grill on the other side. The sturdy table,
chairs and bunk were made of cedar, and I even
fashioned plush mattresses for Bo and myself out
of elk hides stuffed with fresh pine needles. As a
tyro at this sort of thing I took all the time I needed
and was very proud and satisfied with the results of
my humble craftmanship.

I even toyed with the idea of installing electrici-
ty by utilizing the power of the small waterfall with
the generator and battery from the truck, but aban-
doned it for practical purposes. The truck’s radio
receiver was not powerful enough to pick up the
sending waves from the nearest radio transmitter,
and the cabin’s central coleman lamp provided all
the light I needed when nightime came.

The cabin had a sod roof and was delightfully
cool in the summer months and comfortable, warm
and cozy during the long, cold and snowy winters.
To my delight the fireplace draft worked perfectly,
and the huge, dry oak logs burned slowly and even-
ly. For added insurance against the elements | also
hung animal skins on the walls and covered the
hard, clay floors with more hides to hold the cabin’s
warmth against the hoary outside.

Oddly enough loneliness did not become a
mental burden to me, as practically all my day-
light hours were used productively. There were al-
ways the oak logs to be sawed and split to fireplace
size, additions and repairs to the cabin itself, and
care of the garden and grounds. The canning of
meats and vegetables and berries with the mason
jars I brought along were also time consuming.
Then there was the fishing, hunting, trapping and
day trips of exploring, along with making and
repairing traps, snowshoes and skis. And, of course,
out of necessity, my favorite hobbies. The making
of bows and arrows and my all-weather buckskin
clothes. But even with the seemingly endless load
of chores, there was always ample time for reading
from my modest library and writing an account of
my days in the wilderness. Not to forget the leisure-
ly comfort of just plain loafing. All in all I was per-
fectly satishied with my lot, and content to be in this
capacity, interminably.

three

For a period of several minutes the plane circ-
led an area not far from where my cabin stood. I
was quite puzzled by this maneuvering, because as
far as | knew, I was the only human being in this
vast area, and no one, not even my rental agent or
tax accountant knew of my final destination. Nor did
I for that matter.

Suddenly I heard the single engine cough
repeatedly, and then sputter and die. The small
craft went into a slow, gliding descent and finally
disappered completely behind the high wooded
hill, about a quarter of a mile from where I was
standing. I cocked an ear, listening for the splinter-
ing crash that was sure to come, but heard nothing
but the usual sounds of the woods. The strange epi-
sode stunned me for a few moments, but with a
quick recovery Bo and I trotted off in the general
direction I had seen the plane vanish behind the
the screen of towering trees.

In a short time we reached the approximate
area and saw that the forest floor was strewn with
pieces of broken branches and bits of twisted wreck-
age. I couldn't see the plane at all, but I did smell
hot oil, torn metal and alcohol fumes. The area was
thickly wooded and very dusky, even though it was
early in the day with the sun shining brightly. By
chance it was the burning sting of hot oil dropping
on my arm from the upper branches of a hugh oak
that made it possible for me to locate the wreck
without searching through the murkiness. With prac-
ticed climbing I reached the plane high up in the
branches of the great tree, where it oddly nestled in
the thick, sturdy foilage. The craft was very badly
damaged, showing gaping holes where the wings
and tail assembly had been. However, despite the
battering plunge, the fuselage was still intact. I
could just barely see the pattern of descent, where
the plane had drifted into a group of tall redwoods,
was buffeted about by these titans and then dropped
into the outer reaches of the soft oak, cutting a
swathe to its bosom.

The pilot was slumped over the controls, and
as I wrenched open the cabin door, the acrid stench
of alcohol fumes overwhelmed me  A hurried
glance revealed a puzzling litter of broken whiskey
bottles on the floor of the plane. My first impres-
sion was that the pilot was badly hurt, from the
position of the grotesquely twisted body, and also
from the heavy flow of blood from several cuts.
When I removed the flier’s gory cap to spot check
for furthed head wounds, a flare of silky, bobbed
raven hair popped out. I was startled but believing,
when a more intimate probing into the eerie semi-
darkness of the cabin gave evidence to absolute
feminine features. The pilot was a woman!

I gently eased her out of the wreck by rigging
a harness from the thin, tough rawhide rope I always
carry. Then with an extremely cautious effort,
because of the possible gravity of her injuries, I
tediously lowered her to the ground. There, upon
closer examination, she had a long, deep cut on the
back base of her scalp that bled profusely, but the
rest of the scattered lacerations on her head and
and body were superficial. My inexperienced hands
were incapable of professional evaluation, but they
did disclose a pretty bad double fracture of the two
bones in her lower left leg, and severe dislocations
of the right ankle and shoulder. My nervous, fum-
bling fingers continued their probing and discovered
additional fractures of both the left and right rib
cage. There was no way for me to determine
whether she had incurred any serious internal inju-
ries, but I was able to estimate that she was in
critical condition and deep shock.

I applied a crude pressure bandage to the
flowing head cut and set and splinted the leg as
well as I could. After I strapped her shoulder and
ankle, I tried to figure out what else I could do for
the present, vehemently cursing my limited first aid
knowledge. I did know that I would need the mor-
phine ampules and the antibiotics I had managed to
cajole out of my old family doctor and friend before
I left for the city. I didn’t think I should move the
girl right away, so I had Bo stay with her while I
went back to my cabin to pick up everything I
would need, as long as we had to camp by the big
oak.

That night and all the next day, except for an
occasional groan or sharp cry of pain, she lay in a
heavy coma. The head wound had stopped bleed-
ing, so | removed the pressure bandage and cut her
blood matted hair as short as possible and stitched
up her torn scalp. I cut away her ragged, blood
stained clothing, laying bare the deep purple bruises
that mapped her torso from head to toe, a testimony
to the severe battering she had taken. It was a grim-
ly brutal sight to behold, and for the first time I was
shocked by the realization that the girl might not
live, and surprised by my concern.

I tried to spoon hot venison broth into her
at spaced intervals, but had very little success. When
two whole days passed without any noticeable
change, it became apparent that her already long
siege of unconsciousness was to be extended, so |
decided to take her to the cabin. I scaled the oak and
disassembled the plane’s landing wheels, and by
lashing some loose pine boughs and deer hides to the
wheel frames, I was able to fashion a carrying cart
of sorts.

Transporting her from the crash area to my
cabin involved a great deal of difficulty. I was
dismayed by the several hours of arduous dragging
and maneuvering it took to pull the bulky vehicle
over the jagged rocks and through thick brush,
in order to complete the comparatively short
journey to the cabin. Although the woman did not
revive, she did moan several times from the jolting
ride, in spite of the extra precaution I took to ease
the trip for her comfort. I was thoroughly relieved
and completely exhausted when I finally bedded
her down in my large bunk. After I force fed her
some more broth, and assured Bo that everything
was all right, I gathered some furs together on the
floor, curled up in the middle of them, and slept
the sleep of the dead for twelve solid hours.

four

I came back to life about a half hour before I
awoke, with a frenzied mixture of nightmarish
dreams. To begin with, I kept visualizing my Aunt’s
and Uncle’s death scene over and over again, al-
though I had never actually seen it. The vision re-
appeared with amazing clarity, until my subcon-
csious mind became flogged with the gory spectacle
and immediately switched me over to the conference
room of the advertising agency where I had worked.
Somehow in my twisted ramblings, I had become
chairman of the board, and the fat Director who had
snubbed me, and his worthless nephew were offer-
ing pleading gestures to me. I never really deter-
mined what they were begging for, because before
I could deal out a fiendish punishment to them, I
found myself in the middle of Beverly's familiar
living room clad only in a leopard skin, and holding
a long bull whip in my hand.

I unfurled the wicked implement with a crack-
ling snap, and at once, Beverly responded to the
dreadful cue. She immerged from her bedroom with
lithe gracefulness, and assumed a defiant stance
about fifteen feet away from me. No words were
spoken, but my mission was clear. I lashed out at
her again and again and relished her muted agony,
as I watched the long leather thong coil itself around
her naked beauty, and bite deep red ravines into
her downy flesh.

It wasn’t until I had exhausted my wrath and
she examined the lattice work of bloody weals that
she reacted to my vindictiveness. Then her anguish-
ed screams flooded the room, rolling off the ceiling
and bouncing off the walls with shattering, suffocat-
ing impact. Her trembling body never moved.

I dropped the whip, wanting more than any-
thing else in that eerie world to flee from the echo-
ing screams. I ran for the outside door, but it was
gone. All the doors were gone, and the windows
too We were trapped in a cube; me in the leopard
skin and Beverly in the bloody raw.

She stopped screaming then, but never moved,
watching me grope along the solid walls, feeling
for an opening. Any opening. The maddening
noise had subsided, but I still had a terrible urgency
to get away. My savage revenge had been overly ful-
filled, and the throbbing vacancy it left was
crammed with irreparable shame. I had to escape
the foulness of my fanatic deed, but there was
no escape.

I felt an overwhelming need to apologize to
Beverly. To plead with her. To comfort her. But my
feet were now rooted to the same position | had
taken when I first found myself in her living
room.

We stared at each other, my skin prickling and
my face burnig with shameful remorse. She was
composed now, and expressionless, allowing me a
hollow felling of justification. I wanted to forgive
her then, to erase her guilt for the grief she had
caused me, but she stopped me with a facial gesture
and her defiant nakedness.

Then, as we both looked on in shocked dis-
belief, the discarted whip transformed itself into a
wriggling serpent. It slithered over to where Beverly
stood transfixed, and slowly and methodically coiled
its glossy body around her lower legs.

I wanted to run to her and destroy the calcu-
lating reptile, but couldn't move. Nor could she,
except for her one bloodied arm, which shot up to
cover her terror filled eyes. The room vibrated
again from the long, piercing animal wails that
rumbled out of her constricting throat in croaking
bursts. The drumming agony of her garbled screams
were unbearable from every aspect, and my hands
flew to my strumming ears in an unsuccessful at-
temp to block out the tortured chants.

I struggled fiercely to waken from the wierd
reverie and was finally rewarded for my trying
effort. I was still befogged with sleep, but merci-
fully, the incredibly evil scene vanished, as | tried
to pull myself from the depths of slumber. I was in
the process of very slowly orientating my thoughts
to reality when the same piercing scream slipped
through my baffling nightmare and rang out again.
I sat bolt upright; drenched with sweat!

five

It was the girl. Bo was standing over her with
his front paws on the bunk frame, his long tongue
lolling in that impossible canine grin and his tail
wagging furiously. It was obvious that Bo was over-
joyed by the woman's first loud signs of life, al-
though it was equally evident that she did not share
his enthusiasm. This was understandable when you
take into consideration that she had been only an
eyelash away from death. And then, to awaken
into harsh, pulsating pain and find herself in such
strange surroundings, being hovered over by what
may very well be, in her agitated condition, a men-
acing wild beast.

My own mental capacities had just undergone
a harrowing experience, so it took me a little longer
than it should have ordinarily, to gain control over
the situation. I called softly to Bo and he came to
me immediately, happy in his own way that our new
ward had voiced her presense. I went over to the
girl right away, but she had lapsed back into a semi-
coma and was breathing hard, oblivious to my
closeness. Nevertheless, | pulled over a chair and
sat with her for a few minutes. She didn’t respond
at all, but intermittently she did open her eyes and
stare at me vacantly.

I spoke to her quietly for the first time, hoping
that my mellow tone and some of the reassuring
words would sink into her pain ridden subconscious.
I was quite happy and relieved to see that the ash
gray pallar was almost gone, a hopeful sign that at
least the dreaded symptoms of shock were vanishing.
Her face was flush and warm, but not feverishly hot.
She opened her eyes again when [| touched her, but
she did not flinch when I made another quick survey
of her multiple injuries. The strangled moans,
though, were strange and mournful, but gave mean-
ing to her otherwise hollow existence. I gave her
another shot of morphine and some strong mint tea,
laced with a generous dose of the good brandy I had
been hoarding for some time. And the combination
of those two soothing remedies soon had her back
in deep slumber. Only this time she was sleeping
peacefully and not hammered into unconsciousness
by murderous pain.

I changed the bandages on the head cut and
other wounds and checked to see whether the splints
I had applied to the broken bones were too tight. I
had seen enough of what gangrene could do, first
hand, during the war in the Pacific, and did not
want a repeat of it now. Satisfied with the con-
dition of the fractures, | then restrapped the loose
raveling on her sprains and the rib bindings that had
slackened somewhat during my long sleep. The girl
moaned a few more times as I worked over her, but
the opiate had done its job and she never stirred.

I took a cold plunge in the pool to erase the
foggy feeling that still shrouded me. Then I fixed
a hugh meal for Bo and I, and did some serious
thinking about the girl and about myself while we
ate. It was almost useless to piece together anything
about the girl, because only she could clear up the
mysteries surrounding the crash. As for myself, I
was completely baffled by the horrible nightmare I
had, because up until this time I felt I had success-
fully shed all the hurt and animosity that had sent
me fleeing to this wilderness in the first place. Oh,
occasionally, | had a fleeting thought of the past,
but none of them had ever nagged me while I was
awake, or invaded my dreams. I supposed that the
nightmare had some connection with the girl com-
ing, but even that reasoning was rather sketchy. To
be sure, I felt deep concern for her, plus a certain
amount of tenderness, but I quite honestly attested
these feelings to her terrible plight and her apparent
haunting past. For there was no question in my
mind that her act was an attempt at suicide.

Suddenly, I was very tired again. It was a
different kind of tiredness, though, and this time
when | lay down in my pile of furs, I felt free of the
burden of the past few days and slept a dream free,
restful sleep.

six

The girl remained in the same state for the
next few days, but on the morning of the seventh
day after the crash I was cleaning up the breakfast
mess from Bo and I, when I heard her speak for the
first time. The words were the product of a delirious
outburst, and | attributed the phrasing to the com-
bination of the medication I had given her and her
lingering, bewildering condition. The words were
clearly spoken and precise, but at the same time,
they were ladened with pathetic overtones. It was
a mournful pleading, and I was surprised that it
touched me with emotion and compassion when she
spoke. “Kathy, honey,” she begged. “It’s mommy.
Wake up sweetheart, Mommy’s come back," This
was followed by a choking sob, and then silence
again.

I went over to her right away, but she was
mute again, sleeping softly and breathing easily.
Although her general condition had greatly im-
proved, I was now confounded and perplexed by
her extended unconsciousness. | couldn't help but
wonder at this point if somehow her long lapse was
in some way self-imposed.

I took stock of our situation, trying to figure
out what I should do. Here we were, miles and miles
away from any qualified medical help, with no pos-
sible way to obtain it. For it would be unthinkable
of me to try to go after help, knowing that the girl’s
very existance depended on my being with her all
the time. It would also be useless for Bo. He was
a perfect watchdog and a pleasant companion, but
I knew he didn’t measure up to one of those mira-
cle animals you hear about who travel great dis-
tances for help and then lead the rescue party back.
No, good ol’ Bo couldn’t do that. There was no
way I could strap the girl back in the cart in her
condition, and try to drag her over sixty-three
jarring miles of the most rugged terrain in the coun-
try. None of us would have made it anyway, for it
would have taken weeks, and the first frost had al-
ready set in. And I wouldn’t even consider a large
signal fire, as the late autumn winds were whipping
around now, and an uncontrolled forest fire would
be suicide. Besides, who would ever see it?

So by eliminating all the “cannots,’’ I was left
with the “cans,’’ On one hand I could do only what
I had been doing, and if things went on in this
manner, the girl would surely die. I couldn’t hope to
sustain her much longer under the present condi-
tions and I didn’t want the memory of a dead wom-
an as a burden on my mind. That | wouldn’t tole-
rate if there was any possible way I could avoid it,
so I made the only decision that I thought would be
right. | made up my mind that I would shock the
girl out of her coma at all costs. There was no ques-
tion about it now. I would definitely need her
assistance in order to save her life.

I was sitting with both elbows on the table and
my head in my hands, thinking. Just thinking.
When the sudden harsh laughter crashed around
me. The girl had wakened and managed to raise
herself slightly with her good left arm and was
laughing at me, bitterly and sarcastically. Her face
was etched with gnawing pain, but she was indeed
laughing. It stopped then, just as abruptly as it had
started, and her first words came to me in a halting,
malicious tone that could not be mistaken.

“Well, well, well!’ she mocked. “Just who in
the hell are you supposed to be? Daniel Boone or
Jesus Christ in buckskins, or maybe even some kind
of a sick nut that goes around stripping women’s
clothes off?”

To hear the girl come back from the dead was
enough of a jolt, but her deep rooted, evil taunting
and open blasphemy gave me a quick start. Not that
I was a pure hearted prude or a religious fanatic
(which I am not), but her fiery tongue lashing was
so acidly stark and unexpected that I was caught
quite by surprise to say the least. Furthermore, I
was completely astounded to hear this kind of talk
from so seriously injured person, and a woman at
that!

I felt like a stupid jackass, in spite of the com-
promising role | had played the past several days,
by just standing there with my mouth open while
she stared at the roof beams and beleagured the
rustic ceiling with more stinging barbs. “I purposely
come out here to the end of the world,” she ranted,
“and try to do just one thing right in my lifetime,
and this God damned, bearded fool has to louse it
up. Damn you!” she wailed. “Damn you! Damn
you!”

She settled back on the bunk then, with her
eyes tightly closed, clinching her hands into hard
little fists until her knuckel whitened and the cords
stood out in her neck. She didn’t weep or cry out,
but big wet tears forced themselves out of her
clamped eyelids. Whether from pain or grief or
self pity I did not know, but I did know that | had
her to the point where I could save her if I handled
the situation correctly. To console her now, or to
encourage her remorse, might very well capitulate
to the lethargic state of pending death. So, throw-
ing out all the stops, I lowered the boom and gave
it to her with everything I had.

"Look here, you!’’ I snapped. “Just who in the
hell do you think you are to harp at me? I didn’t
invite you to flap out in my back yard. But you
did, and the way I look at it, I’ve got to do what I
can for you. Now, you're pretty well busted up
and it’s going to take quite a while for you to get
around on your own again. So, you'd better make
up your mind that you re going to have to spend the
winter right here, in this cabin with me.”

She opened her eyes and gave me a quizzical
stare, and when she raised herself up to make a
retort, I lit into her again. “And you can take that
dirty, offended look off your face, lady. 1 may be
the bearded fool you think that | am, but I’m not to
the stage yet where I go around raping idiotic wo-
men that cripple themselves up in plane crashes.
Now I know you have some problems or you
wouldn't be here, but you can just keep them to
yourself while you're here. All 1 want from you is
to be civil, and get well as quick as possible, so |
can take you out of here by next spring or summer.
And then, I don’t give a tinker’s damn what you do
with yourself. Just keep your plane out of my
woods the next time you try one of your crazy
stunts, will you?”

Her eyes were wide now, and clear. She hesi-
tated for a few moments, studying me intently, and
then she asked almost respectfully, “Is that the way
it's going to be?”

“That's the way it’s got to be,” I answered.
“This is my home and I don’t want your dead body
around here. Do you understand?”

“Yes,’’ she replied. “I savvy. You say it’s
your place, so we'll play it by your rules, until I can
make it on my own. I'll buy that for a while. And
now that we're going to be such cozy roomates for
at least nine months I might as well introduce my-
self. My name is Sybil Webster. What's yours?”

“Bright,” I said. “Keith Bright.”

“Well now,’ she said facetiously, reverting
back to her acid tone of a few minutes previously.
“Aren't you the bright one?”’

“Yes I am,’ I answered. A little rankled, but
still relieved that my weak, psychic strategy had
worked so well.

seven

The months that followed were most vexing,
the most curious, and finally the most pleasant times
that I had ever known. At first Sybil was open-
ly defiant of all my attempts to help her during her
confinement and fiercely berated me when | had to
work on her injuries and assist her with her personal
necessities. She cursed me as a sadist, a quack, a
crazy hermit and a sex degenerate, among other
things. And I in turn, sticking to my original strate-
gy, gave a few choice adjectives right back to her.

Later on, when her insults became time worn
and ineffective, she refrained from her belittling
line and merely questioned me about the cabin, the
woods, and Bo, or about my functions with it all.
But never once did she inquire about my past, or
question the reasons for my living out here. | didn’t
know whether to attribute her lack of interest to
just plain indifference, or to a feeling of respect for
my privacy. By the same token, neither did I prod
into her past, although in all honesty I was extremely
curious as to what would drive this young woman
to attempt self distruction. There was a haunting
clue in her delirious outburst while she was uncon-
scious, and my avid imagination offered a thousand
solutions to those few words, but I would never
really know their meaning unless she voluntered to
tell me about it, because I knew I would never
ask her.

In the beginning it was mildly embarassing to
both of us, because of her constant nagging, when I
had to expose parts of her body to bathe or attend
her injuries. But even that procedure was ultimately
hidden behind a facade of polite formalities, and
the two of us bluffed our roles perfectly. Although
I must admit, toward the end of the several weeks
of my close attention to her, I found Sybil’s nearness
disturbing. She began to look like a woman again,
as the ravages of her grave condition disappeared,
along with the cuts and bruises. Later on, when she
was able to sit up in a chair, she betrayed her de-
light at the skimpy, revealing buckskin dress | had
made for her during her long inactivity. I had fash-
ioned and sewn the dress with all good intentions,
but my newly tried handiwork fell short of my ex-
tations. Neither of us made anything of the scanty
garment but the gnawing thought was always there.
Very politely tucked away and never mentioned,
but we knew it was always there.

Her dislocations and damaged ribs adjusted
normally in the miraculous way human injuries tend
to heal themselves, but the severe leg fractures took
much longer to regain their strength. I was well
satisfied with the general overall progress she was
making, and naturally quite proud and elated with
the part I played. We had reached the point where
we did not discuss her accident anymore, and even
though Sybil had never, at any time, acknowledged
to me that I had saved her life, neither did she
harass me any more for having done so.

When I was reasonably certain that she could
be trusted with her own safety, I fashioned a pair of
crutches for her, at her own insistance, and went
about the hunting and general preparations | knew
I would have to complete before the savage winter
had firmly set in. And during my absenses, from
time to time, Sybil undertook the task of finishing
up our winter canning.

One such hunt took Bo and me about a half
mile upstream from the cabin, where we searched
both banks for fresh deer tracks. I made it a person-
al rule never to shoot any easy game at my front
yard pool, and even Sybil made a favorable
comment on that when she asked me about it.

I was gutting the deer I had just bagged, a
fair sized eight point buck, when Bo barked for my
attention, not far from where I was working. He
had found a dead otter bitch a few yards above
the stream bank. She was still warm and limp, and
oozing milk from her torn underparts. She had lost
her last battle, and the noise from my hunting had
probably scared off her assissin. Bo located her
den in no time at all, and | tucked the two otter
pups we found there in my shirt, and brought them
back to the cabin with me, along with the dressed
down buck, which I carried fireman style.

Sybil really came to life with the addition of
the two baby otters. Lately she made quite a fuss
over Bo, petting him and brushing his coat, but with
the two tiny pups she really extended herself. Sybil
took over their care immediately and promptly
named the two little ones Hansel and Gretel, al-
though unknown to her they were both males. I
found this very amusing, but I didn’t spoil Sybil’s
enthusiasm over her choice of names. The pups had
slightly different markings which made it compara-
tively easy for us to tell them apart. Gretels affec-
tion for Sybil was such that the pup snuggled up to
her at every opportunity, whereas Hansel accepted
Bo as his own personal benefactor.

One evening, only a few weeks after the
arrival of the pups, Gretel got out of the nest I
made for the two baby otters and found its favorite
spot next to the sleeping Sybil. But sometime during
the night Sybil turned in her sleep, and when she
awoke in the morning, she found the tiny smothered
creature under her own curved softness.

Her reaction to this discovery verged on the
brink of hysterics. Her highly emotional display
had reached a nearly uncontrollable state before I
was able to level off her, terribly distraught condi-
tion early that same afternoon. I had some very
important chores to take care of then, so I left Sybil
to her own silent remorse.

eight

When I returned toward dusk, the cabin was
in a shambles. My brandy bottle was empty, lay-
ing flat on the table, and Syble was sprawled across
the bunk in a drunken stupor.

I was enraged with her; not because of the
cabin, or the brandy, but because she had allowed
what I considered to be only a minor setback, to
return her to the morbid state she had previously
been in. And I was determined not to have all my
efforts dissipated at this stage. I yanked her up to
a sitting position and viciously slapped her face
again, and again. She came out of her stupor at
once, howling with pain and holding her burning
skin, cursing me with acid bitterness.

“You son of a bitch!’’ She screamed. “You
dirty rotten son of a bitch! Leave me alone, will
you! You think you're so goddamned high and
mighty that you can plan my life for me? Well I’ve
never seen you walk on water, and you're worse
than I am. At least I had the guts to try and end
my problems. I didn’t run off in the woods some-
where and hide from everything like you did. And
now youre nothing but a Goddamned, pompus
preaching worm. You leave me alone now, and
don’t you ever touch me again!”

There was no retort from me, because what
she had said was partially true. We sat there quiet-
ly, until she regained some of her composure, and
then, as though the animosity that hung in the air
was not even present, we set about straightening up
the cabin again.

We retired shortly after dinner, she to my
former bunk and me in the cot across the room,
which I had built shortly after her arrival. 1
dropped off to sleep after a length of fitful restless-
ness, only to waken again deep into the night. Sybil
was crying. Low, wrackling sobs, barely audible,
but haunting . . . disturbing. I listened to her for a
few moments and then went over to her and touch-
ed her shoulder.

“Oh, Keith,’’ She wailed. “Keith, please help
me.’ Then she reached up and pulled me down
next to her and murmured, “Stay with me, Keith.
Don’t leave me. Hold me tight!”

The next day I shaved off my short tuffed
beard and never went back to the cot again. Some-
how in our long, bitter struggle with our own and
mixed problems, we had found each other, as only
a man and woman who really cared for each other,
could. And so, the long, cold winter passed in
warm blissful harmony.

nine

With the coming of spring, Sybil’s left leg was
about as mended as it would ever be, although it
had a slight crook in it, and was a good half inch
shorter than the right. She limped a little, and when
she tired from time to time | insisted that she use a
walking stick to ease the pressure on the leg.

I didn’t want to rush her into too hasty a trek,
but I was anxious to get her out of the woods so we
could make a fresh start together, somewhere. not
that I was eager to leave my paradise, but I felt
that if my devotion for Sybil was strong enough, I
should be willing to make my sacrifice, no matter
how important it was to me. I would sorely miss
my cabin, my pool and my forest, but I also felt
that I could recover more easily from this loss,
than to give up Sybil. And in deference to her, |
strongly believed that a woman should have the
opportunity to live in an active society.

So, it was during the first week of May that
we started back. Back to what? To the teeming
city of dirt, grime, hate and greed. But back never-
theless. I carried a full pack of essentials, for with
Sybil slowing us down, it would take at least eight
or nine days before we could expect to reach the
nearest farmhouse. We both had shed our buck-
skins and dressed in some of civilian clothes |
had put away soon after my arrival. Right away
I felt uncomfortable and unnatural with the conven-
tional clothing, but we shyly gave Hansel the slip
and took off, with Bo bounding ahead.

The returning had emotional effects on both
of us, and during the evening of our fifth day of
hiking, Sybil and I were sitting by our camp fire
when she squeezed my hand and asked, ‘Keith, dar-
ling? Would you be terribly mad at me if I insisted
on just one favor from you?”

“Of course not, honey,’ I replied. “Anything
you want. Anything at all.”

“All right,” She said, beaming with pure
happiness. “Then take me back to the cabin.’’ And
when I gaped at her in unbelieving amazement,
Sybil turned her face squarely into mine, so I could
clearly see the sincerity in her eyes and repeated.

“Please, Kieth. Take me back home.”
