---
id: "121"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
To the Editor:

I want to give the Staff of the ECHO a well-deserved
hand. Steve Poltorak’s sports coverage and especially
Sports in Prison is the best I’ve seen in any penal mag.
His parole will be a great loss to the ECHO and it will take
a good man to replace him. How about those writers from
other institutions who contributed to his round-up?

I must say the editing has been uniformly good and that
your editorial on ‘‘lotsa time’’ should be repeated whenever
you think people forget that long prison terms given to some
men accomplish nothing towards deterring others from com-
mitting crime.

Did you know that Art Editor, Jim Morrison, has not
only been doing a wonderful job for you but for the Tempus
as well?

—Joe Oliver

Dear Joe:

Although your letter doesn’t mention it, the Staff knows
that you are about to depart on a Northeastern journey to
other pastures. We know that the ECHO will have a good
friend in you, wherever you are and whatever your circum-
stances. May they be only the best.

Editor

Dear Editor:

In my sincere opinion, you men of the EASTERN ECHO:
Staff are really doing an honest and wonderful job. With
each article or feature comes a real conviction and effort.

Even in leaving, as I hope to soon, I’ll carry with me
always such articles as Rehabilitation or Revenge, by Harry
W. Johnson; Theme to Glory, by Selvian R. Chandler; and
the frank, sincere remarks by Robert D. Heinemann.

When one considers the hardships, disappointments and
setbacks faced here by all, it makes your combined work
prove that we here are men capable of good judgment, fair-
ness and sportsmanship, without bitterness.

For a job well done, thanks and keep up the good work.

Yours truthfully,
Arthur W. Cobb, Jr.

Dear Arthur:

There is the mark: good judgment, fairness and sports-
manship, without bitterness. More readers such as yourself
would make that mark a pleasure for ECHO to attain. And
I think we have more, here among us. Many more. Good
luck and clear sailing on a well-deserved parole.

Editor

To the Editor:

On the twilight of my departure from prison life, I
wish to express in the best way I know my appreciation and
gratitude for the sincere help and effort that has been be-
stowed upon me during the years of my confinement.

Having been listed in the records and files years ago
as an incorrigible, I am now ready to enter society; and
to those who have made this possible, I wish to extend my
heart-felt appreciation. In the years to come, may they
have continued success in their efforts towards the restora-
tion of the many human lives who, like myself, have fallen
below the social level.

Because of the limited space I could not possibly list
all the names of those who were instrumental in bringing
about my rehabilitation. I am moved, however, to mention
a few of those persons who through some act of humanity,
sense of justice, or gesture of kindness, helped me to dis-
cover for myself a whole new world of freedom from fears
and frustrations which accompany crime:

The late Colonel Frank Martin; Colonel Edward Mingle;
Major Joseph R. Brierley; Mr. Michael Moreilo; Captains
Sloan and Stowell; Lt. Paul; Sergeants John Sweeney and
Joseph Kernan; Reverend Louis EH. Wein and Reverend
Gordon Reynolds; Officers Perrigo and Oponik.

James D. Jones, H-6335

Dear Jimmy:

On behalf of the above mentioned, thank you for your
thoughtful expression of gratitude.

Speaking for the ECHO Staff, we wish you all good
things in that other ‘‘new world of freedom’’ you are about
to enter.

Editor

Dear Editor:

Since my return here to this institution, I found a very
interesting magazine among some other reading material
which was given me by a fellow inmate. Judging from its
contents I would be deeply honored to have a part in your
EASTERN ECHO magazine should I ever be able to find
the time to write and submit material. At present, I have
three poems—but they require more work. At any rate, the
purpose of this. letter is to tell you that from my own indi;
vidual viewpoint and opinion the ECHO is doing a great job
and will eventually prove to outsiders that we inmates have
something to say worth listening to. Congratulations on
a fine magazine. I hope you will be able to use some of
my poetry.

William Middleton

Dear Stumpy:

Glad to hear you are favorably impressed with ECHO.
As for the poetry, I agree that it does require some pol-
ishing but, who knows, perhaps you are destined to be the
Ogden Nash of E.S.P. We’ll be happy to help in whatever
way we can.

Editor

Dear Mr. Heinemann:

... Now that you (the inmates of E.S.P.) have a voice,
I hope you will use it to remember the heroes of the past
as well as the present.

I would like to see in the Penal Press the stories of
men and women who have contributed something to the
welfare of prisoners. They should never be forgotten. To
mention a few, John Augustus, Dorothea Lynde Dix, Eliza-
beth Fry, Mathilde Wrede, Thomas Mott Osborne, and you
must know of others.

Most reforms which have helped prisoners have resulted
from the work of one individual. I would like to know who
began indemnity for prisoners, forestry camps, open prisons,
furloughs for prisoners, etc. Knowing the struggles men
had to bring about these reforms will help prisoners, and
will also give some new ideas to citizens who read your
magazine.

We do not give enough credit to our frontier workers.
Let’s have some biographies of penologists still living, like
Kenyon Scudder ... and men like Earle Stanley Gardner
who are working for prisoners all the time. The achieve-
ments of individual prisoners go hand in hand with these
crusaders who help make the achievements possible.

... EASTERN ECHO is going to be one of the leading
papers of the Penal Press, and I am already very proud
of it. I hope you will understand my enthusiasm for it...

Mrs. Dorothy W. Scheer

Dear Mrs. Scheer:

Please forgive the above excerpts from your letter to
me but since it entirely concerned ECHO, and cannot be in
any way construed as a personal letter (we do not even so
much as know each other), and since its suggestions are
valuable, I took this liberty. ECHO is endeavoring to pre-
sent both sides: good penologists, ete., and the best inmate
viewpoint. As to frontier workers, you have seen our pro-
files, such as Barbour who brought I. C. 8. to prisons. We
are at present doing research on Scudder, and on OTHERS,
INC. whose claim is 1,000 inmates taken from deferred
sentences and on parole plans without a single failure in
a man being returned to prison. We are trying. Please
bear with us and continue in your suggestions.

Editor
