---
id: "1211"
title: "Dialogue in Rhetoric"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Dialogue In Rhetoric ?

by Tommy Williams

This apparently harmless conversation took
place in the year 1963 in a fashionable sub-
urb in one of our typical American cities.
Mr. Ignoramus, a reporter for the Daily
Slanderer, is making a door to door ques-
tion and answer survey on prisons.

scene: Reporter approaches the first of the neat
little stucco homes and proceeds to ring
the doorbell. A bespectaled gentleman
with sparse hair and a pipe hanging
loosely in his mouth opens the door.

reporter: Pardon me, sir, for disturbing you, but I
am wondering if you would care to an-
swer a few questions. I am making a sur-
vey for a column soon to be run in my
newspaper.

gentleman: Why! I don’t think I’d mind, providing
it doesn’t take too long. Do you have
your press card with you?

reporter: Yes sir, here it is.

gentleman: Okay. Come in and make yourself com-
fortable. Have a seat in the living room
and I will be with you in a moment.

(Reporter sits in one of the high, stiff-
backed chairs, crosses his legs, takes out
pencil and pad and thus begins this
contemporaneous conversation. )

reporter: What is your name, sir?

gentleman: Professor Know It All. Professor I. C.
Know It All of the C. R. University of
Criminology, to be exact.

reporter: Why, this is a coincidence. My survey is
based on our American prisons. I am
quite sure you can help me. Uh, by the
way, sir... what does C. R. stand for?

(The gentleman shall be referred to here-
after as professor, befitting his respect-
ed title.)

professor: Cops and Robbers.

reporter: That’s a strange name for a University.
Oh well, lets get on with it. Now, for the
first question. What do you think of
prisons in general?

professor: Many of my colleagues say—and I agree
—that they are the politicians’ melting
pots, the tabloids’ scapegoats, the devi-
ates’ haven and lastly, to quote an old
cliche, “a necessary evil.”

reporter: I see. Now sir, to the next question. Do
you believe that prisons have changed in
its treatment of inhabitants, say, in the
last 25 to 50 years?

professor: Definitely. The physical torture of the
past has now been replaced by mental
torture which leaves its scars on the in-
side. So for all practical purposes, the
individual appears in good shape; not-
withstanding grey hairs and facial lines
which time bestows on us all. In reality
a person becomes no more than a walk-
ing vegetable when incarcerated too
long.

reporter: There was an article in our paper not
long ago concerning two convicts who
tried to escape. One was shot fatally in
the attempt. Would you care to com-
ment on this, sir?

professor: I think the convicts should be given a
medal.

reporter: Are you serious?

professor: Quite! You see; man, though he doesn’t
care to acknowledge it, is only an animal
of the highest order, and like all
creatures, dislikes being denied the nat-
ural and instinctive freedom of will and
movement. Why do you think they keep
animals in cages? Even the smallest
ones, no matter how well you feed them
or keep their pen clean, are only making
the best of a bad situation. Their docil-
ity doesn’t mean they are contented, for,
such conditions are so alien, or should be,
to an animal’s nature that attempting to
escape this despicable condition should
be tantamount to finding a cure for
cancer.

reporter: Well, that was a unique answer. Any-
way, Professor, do you think America
will ever be free of crime and prisons
become outmoded and antiquated?

professor: That question can only be answered sup-
positionally. If this country will under-
take to revise radically its present cap-
italist system of government then I
would say yes. You see, when any sys-
tem measures the worth of an individual
on the basis of his wealth, this creates a
monopoly of wealth by a few. When the
have-nots are stymied in their attempt to
achieve what the haves have, then this
obsessional desire makes them deviate
from the so called normal method of a-
chieving same.

reporter: That answers only a small part of it.
What about the persons who commit
erimes other than of a financial nature?

professor: These crimes will be eliminated through
scientific diagnosis and treatment. You
know, many psychologists, psychiatrists,
penologists and criminologists like my-
self are dedicating their lives to the men-
tal sublimation and/or eradication of
criminal thoughts, traits, habits, etc.

reporter: Do you think much headway is being
made in this direction?
 
professor: Yes indeed! Of course, there are hin-
drances; and one of the biggest is the
justifiable crime they call “War.” Rather
than face the fact that people who sit in
high seats are not always tall...

reporter: Ha. Ha. I like that, professor.


professor: Don’t be rude, sir.

reporter: I’m sorry, just a twitch of the old funny
bone.

professor: Now, as I was saying... they are
oftentimes more devious in their under-
takings than the so called common man
or middle class.

reporter: What about putting only persons of a
super I.Q. in responsible positions where
so many lives are dependent?

professor: No, this is only a partial answer. The
more intelligent a tyrant is the more di-
abolical tricks he can perform, cloaking
his schemes with sugar so that when the
true bitterness is tasted it is too late.
Then, of course, you have the opposite
extreme. This would be sheer idiocy
also.

reporter: I don’t think I should take up much more 
of your valuable time, so I'll continue
with just the question part.

professor: Quite all right. I’m rather enjoying it.

reporter: What do you think is the greatest outside
contributor to crime?

professor: People!

reporter: Do you believe that all persons housed in
prisons are deserving of their freedom?
 
professor: No, I surely do not. Because you have
people in prisons whose mentality is so
warped that it can be termed a useless
cause as far as treatment is concerned.
However, what I deplore is the indiffer-
ence showed to those who make an hon-
est effort to reconstruct their thinking
into a pattern that will fit society’s
standards. Years of effort without tan-
gible rewards is a very embittering ex-
perience. After an interminable length
of time has passed, a reverse psychosis
sets in. This is one of the reasons I favor
non-abolishment of the death penality.
Rather than suffer any animal to years
of torture I’d rather kill it.

reporter: Now, that’s a macabre bit of reasoning if
I ever heard one.

professor: It only seems that way. Each person has
his own ideas as to what is humane or
inhumane.

reporter: Do you agree with some opinions that too
much money is being spent on prisons?

professor: I think that too much money is being
spent outside the prisons that was ini-
tially meant for inside the prisons.

reporter: I think you are trying to say something,
sir.

professor: What you mean is; I am making an un-
founded accusation. This may be true,
but past experience has attested to the
validity of my statement.

reporter: The next question is a delicate one and
one of which I hesitate to ask. Here goes
nothing, anyway. Do you.think the sex-
ual suppression of America’s prison pop-
ulation is damaging to society and/or the
individual?

professor: Definitely. When you take a force that
is instinctive within us, all out of its
natural context, finding no outlet, it is
diverted and in turn reverted back to
self, creating a narcissism type. Self can-
not fulfill self, hence the individual seeks
a substitutional release in sameness. The
naturalness I spoke of previously is par-
tially erroneous. You see, in an unnatural
environment it is natural to act un-
natural.

reporter: It sounds a litle technical, professor. I
don’t quite understand it but one last
question. You have no doubt heard the
word rehabilitation kicked around in re-
gards to our prison system and its in-
mates. What do you think of the mean-
ing of the word as applied to individual
actions?

professor: First, I wish to say that the word is a
misnomer. Rehabilitate means “to restore
to former status.” This makes many per-
sons see the man as he was perhaps 10 or
20 years ago committing the fouldeed for
which he was imprisoned. What we
really mean, in brief, is the restoration of
the man mentally prior to commission of
the crime for which he is being punished.
One method is the eradication of the for-
mer mental stimulus that motivated,
channeling of his thoughts in a destruc-
tive manner. In other words give him a
new set of values and ideas which will re-
place those previously possessed. This is
mainly achieved by academic and psy-
chological therapeutics. The old con-
cept of “restoration through reflection”
in a Solitary atmosphere is as extinct as
the dodo bird. Of course we have had
radical approaches to the problem. One
was the “prefrontal lobotomy” opera-
tions performed a few years ago by many
imminent surgons. This operation was
started on a voluntary basis. However,
lack of volunteers or money soon de-
creased the interest of many doctors.
There were even some persons who ad-
vocated the radical approach of forced
lobotomy operations. This was likened to
Hitler’s mass sterilization idea as a form
of birth control. The democratic minded
individuals soon quashed this mad
approach.

reporter: That was quite a spiel, professor. Would
you kinda sum this all up in a message
of your own choosing and words?

professor: Be glad to. It’s been a long time since I
have been able to let off steam minus the
sterile classroom lectures ’m accustomed
to.

The profesor now begins his summational
message to the reporter.

The illnesses that are a part of today’s
prisons are varied and many. They are
an overall composite of the tradition of
atonement for crimes against man by ex-
clusion of the wrongdoer from society.
This idea is older than many of us can
ever imagine. It is rooted in the philos-
ophy that, denied the natural freedom of
communal existence, expiation of a crim-
inal’s past wrong deeds will be accom-
plished, plus a mental regression which,
as you say, is known as rehabilitation.
There are also idealic concepts which
when viewed with the questioning mind,
rips apart the thin veneer of humani-
tarianism and reveals all the hypocrisy
that has been used so artfully and cley-
erly down through the ages. It is trag-
edy in itself to realize that brilliant
minds have prostituted their mentality,
conjuring up elaborate monstrosities of
stone and steel. Man has been enmeshed
in the web of his own mental entrapment
since time immemorial. The 20th century
has not brought about any echange.
Churning madly within this vortex of
beliefs and ideals are the never-ending
struggle for continuance of life as man
has constructed it. The construction
period has produced many marvels of
creation, especially here in the United
States where skyscrapers reach toward
the clouds. And as each decade passes
these monsters of iron and steel seem
destined to touch or surpass the nebulous
region of the atmosphere. Man’s never-
ending search for knowledge and the
physical evidence, as related, are all too
commonplace. However, with such phys-
ical evidence of the human intelligence
before our eyes, the problems of man
have not decreased. Rather the problems
seem to be getting more complex as our
knowledge propels us further into com-
plexity. This infatuation for the tech-
nical have made us overlook the most
important thing in the world.

reporter: What is that, professor?

professor: The human animal. Man has expended
so much of his knowledge outside of him-
self that he is foreed to create bigger
monsters in order to destroy the lesser
ones which threatens to engulf him.

reporter: Boy! It’s getting late. I’'d better hustle
back to the office. I was suppose to speak
to at least ten persons today.

professor: Well, that says quite a lot for the sub-
ject at hand.

reporter: Thank you, professor, I can’t say that I
agree with all of your reasoning but I’m
proud of objectivity. Of course, you
know our paper would never accept your
views.

professor: What did you say your name was again?

reporter: I didn’t sir, but it’s Ignoramus. J. B.
Ignoramus.

professor: That figures. Good day, my good man,
and may the blessings of ignorance go
with you. By the way, when you get
back to the office, look up the word
misosophist.*

reporter: Thank you. I’ll do that.

*Note: Misosophist, hater of wisdom.
