---
id: "1225"
title: "A Letter To Men In Prison"
author: "Menninger, Karl"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Letter To Men In Prison

from Karl Menninger

Three groups of people know that the modern
prison system is an utter failure. The wardens and
law enforcement people know it, psychiatrists know
it, and prisoners know it. These three groups of
people, strangley assorted though they sound, would
all agree, on the following points.

1. There is evil in the hearts of all men, and life
is a constant struggle to control it.

2. For various reasons certain individuals fail to
control it, too often, too consistently, or too ex-
tremely.

3. Some of these individuals go off the deep end
so far that they are regarded as crazy. Others are
not any more crazy than the average person, and not
any less. And so when they go too far they get
caught in the system the theory of operation which
is that man must be shut away from the rest of the
people for a while in order to show them that crime
does not pay and to keep them out of other
people’s hair.

4. But the results of the system is that they learn
that if they are smart enough, crime does pay, look
at so-and-so, in high places and low places. Further-
more those particular fellows that have done the
most damage, such as little girl molesters and a few
who ought to be in jail a long time, generally get out
in a few years and go back to their old tricks. So the
jail that is supposed to protect society doesn’t do it,
and the jail that is supposed to reform the offender
merely embitters him and teaches him some new
tricks, ruins his chances to get a job and costs the
state a lot of money.

Now as I say, some of us well know these facts,
but we don’t know what to do about changing the
system. What is the intelligent, constructive, sensible
thing to do with offenders? What could be done that
will really protect society form those who can’t be re-
formed and which will accomplish some kind of re-
formation for those who can be? I'm asking you.

In the long run prisoners know more about this
than anyone else, and ought to come up with the best
ideas. The law enforcement people all know the
system is not working, but they don’t know what to
do. Furthermore, they are hounded by a public that
doesn’t realize their problems or the prisoner's
problem, but expects the traditional practices to
continue, chiefly out of clinical problems because
there are far more mentally sick people than we
have any sort of decent provisions for. We know the
futility of the prison system, too, but, to tell the truth
we can't put our minds to it. We haven't time. Nor
do we really know enough about it, because most of
the people we study are obviously sicker than most
prisoners. Incidently, the improvements in the
humane care and treatment of the mentally ill and
the change in public attitude toward it sprang largley
from the suggestions, recommendations, and reports
of former patients, such as Clifford Beers and
Mary Ward.

the Encourager
Prison Publication from Michigan City, Indiana
