---
id: "1228"
title: "Xmas Show"
author: "Cantoral, Socrates R. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Xmas Show
by S. R. Cantoral

The Inmates’ Christmas Show was
acclaimed to be the greatest ever pro-
duced at Eastern. It included the best
talent available—twenty exciting
performances. Singers, Jazz, Rock ‘n’
Roll and Eastern’s big band con-
ducted by Mr. Robert Barclay.

The band opened the show with a
striking arrangement of "White
Christmas.”

Then came The Lonely Inmates, a
vocal group, singing “Zing Went the
Strings of My Heart.” ‘Fingers,’ the
lead in this fine group, also played
the Auto-Harp.

The next act was Carl Beaver,
playing ‘‘Tea for Two” on the piano,
backed up by Bill. Schoonmaker on
drums, John Lujack on bass.

Lee Wiggins held the entire audi-
ence spellbound with his rendition of
“If I Loved You.” ‘Fingers,’ this
time on guitar, did a nice job of
backing him up.

Dick Gildea was next with a trum-
pet solo of ‘‘Wonderland by Night,’’
backed up by the band. Hats off to
Dick Gildea, he handled this tune
beautifully.

I knew this was going to be a
successful production. I was a little
surprised and very happy that the
show was successful in reaching the
hearts of the audience.

Bill (Mr. Blues) Henderson came
next singing ‘“‘Bye Bye Blackbird.’’
His casualness and microphone per-
sonality plus his ease of delivery
made it obvious that he had seen a
microphone before. Bill was coolly
assisted by Benny (Soul) Mincey on
tenor sax, Roosevelt (Bulge) Minter,
trumpet, Andrew (Sonny) Lopes,
guitar, John (Strut) Klauzenberg,
bass and Bill (Good Drivin’) Good-
man, skins. The performance was re-
ceived with deafening applause and
hoots, whistles and hollering for
more. Magnificent—vibrant, they
were.

Thomas (Big Six) Connors, with
his tenor sax, did a beautifully teas-
ing rendition of ‘“‘Wee Small Hours
of the Morning.’ The applause rung
to the rafters of this old chapel-audi-
torium. This marked one of the high-
lights in the program.

The next act, a favorite of many,
were the Ordells, singing “Shop A-
round.’ This vocal group was fan-
tastic. The audience demanded they
return. But like most things in a
place like this, “time’’ was a factor
and we still had more groups to go.

Evan Hall then came on stage
with a saw and bow (that’s’ right
pal, a wood saw). He then positioned
the saw under one knee and across
the other, held it with his left hand,
ran the bow up and down the un-
sharpened end and out came the
most unique sound and the Christ-
mas carol “‘Silent Night.’’ He handled
this difficult task very nicely.

The Roosevelt Minter Quartet was
next, with ‘‘Rosey’’ on trumpet, Son-
ny Lopes, guitar, Holise Johnson,
piano, Billy Goodman, drums, playing
“Minor Blues.’’ This was a swinging
group and it was received with hoots
and whistles and what not.

Next on the program was an alto
sax solo by Dick Keys of ‘‘Purple
Mist” backed up by the band.

Ace Robinson, with his trumpet,
came on strong playing ‘‘A Taste of
Lace,’ supported ably by multi-tal-
ented John Klauzenberg on bass, Bill
Goodman on drums, and ‘‘Shoebox’’
on guitar. This jazz group fitted right
in with the complexion of the show.

Eastern’s Big Band played such
numbers as “White Christmas”
which they opened the show with,
and:
Tijuana Taxi—-The Christmas Song
—Jingle Bells—Plush Reeds, featur-
ing the saxes—The Pink Panther—
England’s Carol, which was a swing-
ing arrangement—Rudolph, the Red-
Nosed Reindeer—Azure Mist (The
Theme).

The featured soloists with the
Stage Band included Milton Logan on
trombone, Roosevelt Minter on trum-
pet and Freddy Adams on tenor sax.

One totally unexpected highlight
was a “Pink Panther” strutting a-
round both the audience and the
stage with his classical walk. He
dared to pinch Mr. Barclay’s cheek
during the number and had his tail
pulled off for his effort. Never to be
outdone, however, the Pink Panther
(S. Cantoral) whipped out a ‘spare
tail’ with a light on the end and
pranced happily out of sight.

The show was the best, and thanks
are coming to those who provided
their talents and efforts to making it
possible.

Special mention goes to Harry
Zietz, Billy Cantoral, Joe Massanova, 
and Dave Haan, for the multi-colored
lighting which was all important in
making this production a success,
also to Mr. Robert Barclay, who pio-
neered this Christmas Show and di-
rected both the band and talent.

The night of December 20th was
one that will be long remembered.
