---
id: "1231"
title: "Local News"
author: "McCloud, Louis"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
LOCAL NEWS

by Louis McCloud

When is a secret no longer a secret?
That's right!, When you tell ‘Big’ Lou.

We Salute

Recognition should be given to
Tom-Mulligan-Zeke and Bucky Bates
for their untiring efforts in keeping
the windows and skylights shipshape.
In some instances a lot of inmates
feel disenchanted with their sky-
light and suffer under the belief that
the Glazing Department has a pen-
chant for by-passing their pads. This
is not so—they are doing a good job
and all that is asked is to be patient;
they will be around to look into your
beef, sooner or later, okay?

Also, recognition should be ex-
tended to the Roofing Department
which is doing a terrific job when
you consider the deplorable archi-
tectural monstrosity they have to
cope with. Your writer who is a
roofer by trade can appreciate the
unending headaches Milt Bowers and
his gang has in combating leaks
wherever and whenever they crop up.
In my interview with Milt he told me
that since he’s been here he has
never had a full complement of ex-
perienced roofers all at one time. I
asked him to elaborate, and he said
his kettleman, Bill Turner, is hot
with the burner; Al Anderson is
quick with the roll stick; Jake-the-
Snake Welt is crazy with the felt;
and last but not least, Tom ‘‘Gooney”’
Walsh is one of the best roll men in
the business. So here’s our thanks
to the guys on the roof gang who
have the toughest, dirtiest and most
dangerous job in the joint.

Notable recognition must be given
to Johnnie Duncan, Carmen Walker,
Milt Logan and Gene Hammon for
the almost unbelievable craftsman-
ship displayed in their transforma-
tion of a dingy, ill-lighted, airless,
operating room into one of the most
beautiful, well-lighted, air condi-
tioned, germ-free operating rooms in
the Philadelphia area. In my inter-
view with Lt. Marks, he informed me
that as a result of the faultless work-
manship by the above mentioned in-
mates the presence of staphylococci
(a bacteria which is virulently patho-
genic and causes various acute dis-
eases affecting the sinuses, lungs,
spinal cord, joints, blood, ete., and if
you’re not vigilent it will thrive in
operating rooms) count fell away to
almost nil. Our thanks to you men is
long overdue. Further thanks and
recognition must go to our staff of
fully commendable, competent and
qualified consulting physicians,
whom this writer feels are the most
skilled in the Philadelphia area to
meet any and all medical problems.
They are as follows:

Dr. A. Olsen           Neuro Surgeon
E. S. Jodzis       Assistant Surgeon
E. A. Kelly              Anesthetist
N. L. Nicholas         Dermatologist
Dr. Lipshuts         Plastic Surgeon
Dr. Abramson         Plastic Surgeon
Dr. Newman         Ear, Nose, Throat 
                Surgeon (Specialist)
Dr. Weiner           Opthalmologist,
                         Eye Surgeon
Mrs. McNamee, R.N.    Surgical Nurse

A word about EH. A. Kelly, our
Anesthetist. A lot of tales go around
about what we call a spinal used for
operations. We all know the tales of
how that needle must hurt and all
that jazz. Well, this writer had the
pleasure to work with Dr. Kelly in
the operating room at Graterford and
he is the best in his field. Blackie
O’Lock and my brother, Billy, re-
cently had operations. Blackie asked
when they were going to start. Dr.
Kelly said, ‘‘You’re done, pal.’’ My
brother was just worried about get-
ting something to eat. They both
said they never felt a thing except
Dr. Kelly’s cold hands. Better get
some mittens, Doc! Oh, Dr. Kelly,
St. Joe’s might win their first eight
games with a little luck. But after
that, good by Joe. They finish behind
Temple this year.

The Orchestra and Stage Band has
been keeping themselves busy. Since
the last issue of the Eastern Echo,
there have been nine performances
including banquets, concerts, shows
and a variety of Christmas presenta-
tions. Under Mr. Barclay’s leader-
ship, the band morale is high and the
quality of the music has certainly
increased.

Following the Christmas holidays,
there will be a number of vacancies
in the band due to discharges: clari-
net, sousaphone, alto horn, trom-
bone, baritone horn and percussion.
Anyone interested in joining can
drop into the Band Room on 7-block
and speak to Mr. Barclay.

Incidentally, the educational films
being sent in by Bell Telephone to be
used by the Music Department, are
being well received by the band
members and students.

Notes on the personnel: Butler has
switched ... to french horn, that
is. Bobby Lee may move into the
stage band. John Klauzenburg is
learning to play the sousaphone and
S. Cantoral is attempting the valve
trombone. They practice together
every afternoon at 12:30 in the band
room. You got to hear it to believe
it. The stage band needs a guitarist
. . . must read. Billy Cantoral
should be a musician; he does a lot
of chores for them.

Heading home: Richard Keyes,
clerk; Bill Schoonmaker, drums;
Roosevelt Minter, trumpet; Harold
Reber, baritone horn; Holise John-
son, sousaphone and Bill Jones,
drums.
