---
id: "1232"
title: "Questions Of The Week Department"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Questions Of The Week Department

When a parolee is arrested he can-
not be released from the County
Prison on bail, because immediately
following arrest his parole agent
lodges a detainer against him for
“violating parole.’ In most cases,
the arrest itself is the sole basis of
the violation, hence the detainer,
which has nothing to do with regula-
tions and terms he previously agreed
to abide by. A parolee, faced with
such a circumstance, must languish
in the County Prison for many, many
months before appearing in court, all
because of this unfair arbitrary de-
tainer. In quite a few instances he is
able to prove his innocence and is
found not guilty as charged. We
would like to see changes made in
this area that would do away with
this unjust practice. Are we not in-
nocent until found otherwise? Should
not a parolee enjoy the same rights
as others, or should such rights be
denied him simply because he is a
parolee?

Also, why is it that many inmates
are denied parole by the Parole
Board even though they unfailingly
adhered to the institutional rules and
regulations, participated in various
constructive programs in an effort to-
wards self-improvement, worked dili-
gently at their assigned joband other-
wise kept their ‘‘nose clean’’ during
the serving of their minimum sen-
tence? The Parole Board, in many
instances, has looked askance at the
meritorious record built up by many
of these inmates because, in its
opinion, the inmate only did the a-
bove things because he is “prison
wise.’’ We feel that if an inmate
could weather the storm without get-
ting into any trouble, then certainly,
such a parole applicant deserves
kindlier consideration from the Board
than that.
