---
id: "1235"
title: "Topics Of Interest"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Topics Of Interest

Our ol’ pal Ed. Brewer, who does
a swell job in the Ice Plant, finally
got his new number. Good luck to
you, Ed... After many years of bat-
tling in the courts it appears now
that No No will gain the freedom
that has eluded him for so long. We
are all pulling for you, No No. Henry
Sliva, our respected senior citizen
who resided on 7 block for so many
years, moved over to 9 block. In
spite of Henry’s heart-breaking dis-
appointment in his quest for justice
from the courts and the terrible bur-
den he carries (which would defeat
a much younger man), he still lends
an ear to anyone who has a problem.
Nobody has yet to say that Henry led
him astray. We take this opportu-
nity to tip our hats to a man who we
consider to be a noble person.

I guess you guys heard we have a
new dentist, Dr. Schwartz, and he
must really be good. From what I
hear, guys are tearing doors off
hinges fighting their way in to see
him.

Also, hear Clyde and Gilmore are
looking for a new T.V. for the hos-
pital for Christmas. Sure hope Santa
is good to you guys as you are to
every one who comes under your
care. You’re the best, fellas. Keep
up the good work.

For all you guys who haven’t had
a good laugh lately stop behind the
kitchen some time and watch those
two forty year old midgets wrestling
with those garbage cans.

Has anyone noted in their trips a-
round the place, whatever happened
to that rambling wreck we called a
greenhouse? Our thanks to Bob
Lightcap for a wonderful job well
done. Now the greenhouse looks
like a greenhouse. Too bad you
couldn’t get 50¢, Bob, and stay work-
ing out there in that place you fixed
so nice.

Also, note the new fad which is
volleyball. It seems to have caught
on great. All the guys are having a
great time. Very few arguments over
the score or anything else but Ten-
nessee, the Commissioner, let it be
known to this writer that if Johnny
(the snake) Welty can’t keep his lip
buttoned and stay out of the net and
on his side of the net he will have to
suspend him for two weeks and dur-
ing these two weeks he must sit on
the bench and keep score. Tennessee,
our Commissioner, although a midget
has really developed a good thing in
getting together this volleyball crew.
Good work, Midget.

Also, there is some Mexican guy
around here who thinks he is “Baby
Roof,’’ his own words. And he keeps
saying he is entitled to a wild hair
once in a while. Wonder if he means
he wants one of those jackrabbits
from the Texas Panhandle. Guess
the guy is just homesick.
