---
id: "1237"
title: "What We'd Like to See Department"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0038.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
What We’d Like To
See Department

Ray Thompson and Gene Hammon
in a debate on the T.V. program,
“Issues and Answers” . Flip
Fleming buying a comb in the com-
missary ... John Butler and Goody
in a rematch ... Walkie-Talkie with
an acute of laryngitis ... Andy
Taylor walking for a change...
Downtown Frank Gambino getting
serious ... Otis Martin feeling in
Tip-Top shape .. .Jake the Snake
without a cigarette dangling from
his mouth. . . Some place on Danny
Gundecker where there isn’t a scar
... Tennessee get a new volleyball
... Pencil Willie and Bill McCloud
in a foot race... Rudy 15 pounds
lighter . . Charlie and his teeth go-
ing steady instead of being apart so
much ... Before picture of Big
Chief ... Big John in the shower
... A hail storm for the greenhouse,
to put Lightcap back to work...
Dave the dog without the Wop. .
Dick Williams improve on handball
... Ralph Staino not knowing the
answers to something ... Bucky
Bates a foot taller... Freddy Adams
with his picture off the iodine bottle
.. Johnny Lujack get the Heismann
Trophy ... Big Stubby and Chester
on Muscle Beach ... Crazy Charlie
in Italian silk. Frank Smith
wash his hat . . . Sam Green run in-
to Mr. Clean. . . Knobby grow some
hair. . . Keys with a speed stick...
Moose get an air conditioner for the
Dye Shed . . . Milt get a local 30
ticket . . . Goony Walsh exercising
. . . The Lab boys, Charlie and Bob,
with plenty of new stools. . . Richie
and Doggie in a wheel chair race...
Amato with a nose job... Fast
Eddie Scoleri missing a meal
Gilmore and Clyde on a diet
Swifty with a new nickname like
“slow motion’’ Toby buying
handballs . . . Blackie with his cape
calling the batman play over
Nick the Greek in his 7 gallery pent-
house. The reason he moved there
he heard of the broadway show,
“Fiddler On The Roof”... Harry
Zietz retire ... Freddy Chester pres-
sing 50 pounds... John the Horse
with a Peter Gunn hair cut
Rocky, in the radio room, get a re-
clining chair ... Joe Gaito inherit
a paper factory .. . Jim Seely with-
out swollen arms... Two dry blan-
kets for the Cantoral Brothers .
John Zerah paying ransom again for
his softball . Dave Hahn get a
new picture over his door. . . Muggs
with his ant circus ... Dave and
Goody learn to drive. . .Charlie (oil
can) Butler not copping a plea...
Last but not least—‘‘Captain Paul
with a Smile!”
