---
id: "1239"
title: "Around the Yard"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Wallander, Bob"
year: "1967"
month: "1"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_january1967_body0038.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Around The Yard

On 7 block handball court Reading
Blackie is still holding the number
one spot down followed by Lightcap
and Ray Thompson. The most im-
proved handball player on 7 court
this year is Ralph Staino. This
writer played Ralph a game of hand-
ball, and it ended up being like a
football game. This writer thinks he
started it all, and would like to say,
“I am sorry about that, TWEE-
ZERS.”’ Down on 5 block court Mur-
phy and Moose, also Whitehead and
Mack, are still holding the court
down. But they better watch out for
that sleeper, Payne, when he starts
putting it together. In this writer’s
opinion, ‘‘Big’’ Hank Buckers came
into his own this year on the foot-
ball field. He played very good ball
going both ways and I predict he will
be one of the best in the forthcoming
season. Fast Eddie Scoleri finally
stopped playing football with his
mouth and started playing with his
mind and body and did a very good
job. Roosevelt and Cal Milligan were
just as great as ever, and this writer
tips his hat to Johnny Lujack, for
playing a good offensive center and
also a good defensive end. Big
“Flip, ‘Olive Oil’ ” Fleming, opened
up the “Old Timers” game with a
fifty-five yard catch and taking it a
hard three more for the touchdown,
and then ‘Old Olive Oil” ran a kick-
off back forty-five yards looking just
like “Timmy Brown.’’ But Olive Oil,
if you had gotten by those last two
men, Frank Smith and myself would
have tackled you because we have to
live with you. ‘‘Poor Richie’ broke
his leg. But he told this writer he
didn’t mind because he heard bells
ringing when it happened. The only
thing he is mad about is Mr. Graham
won’t let him have a bell on his
wheelchair.

“Ring A Ding Ding”

I would like to thank my brother,
Bill, and also Bowers, for helping me
write this.

Big Lou
