---
id: "126"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo
Vol. 2    Fall of 57    No.3

Robert D. Heinemann, Editor
L. J. Biancone, Feature Editor 
Harold George Shadd, Fiction Editor
James Morrison, Art Editor
Steve Poltorak, Sports Editor 
Jesse Burch, Poetry Editor
Henry Myers, Assistant Sports Editor
George Makin, Staff Writer 
P. O’Neil, Circulation
Walter Stepper, Daniel Falcone, Photographers

CONTENTS

STORIES   COME HOME, ANGEL!                      Joseph Rosselli 14
          THE WEDDING GIFT                   Harold George Shadd 16
          THE VISITING SHOES                      Joseph McNeair 31

ARTICLES  HOW PROGRESSIVE
             IS PROGRESSIVE PENOLOGY?          Andre L. Paschedag 4
          PRISONERS CONFER
             WITH PRISON SOCIETY HEADS         Biancone-Heinemann 8
          PEN PRISONERS ENROLL
             IN JOURNALISM CLASS                  L. J. Biancone 25
          THOUGHTS ON FRIENDS              John L. Williams, Jr. 28
          THE DILEMMA OF MODERN PENOLOGY          L. J. Biancone 29

FEATURES  FROM THE WARDEN’S DESK             William J. Banmiller 2
          CAGE ONE                            Robert D. Heinemann 3
          THE TEMPLE CHOIR                                       11
          PROFILE ... IN REVIEW          Robert Deneen Heinemann 12
          POETRY                                     Jesse Burch 19
          CON-FAB                                L. J. Bianecone 24
          SNOOPY                             Robert D. Heinemann 26

RELIGION  "THE STONES WILL CRY OUT"      Rev. Edwin L. Gallagher 10
          LOSING OUR SENSE OF THE VITAL     Rev. Gorden Reynolds 10

SPORTS    FIELD EVENTS                            Steve Poltorak 20
          SOFTBALL                                               21
          ALL-STAR GAME                           Steve Poltorak 23

ALSO      CONVERSATION                                            6
          FOR CONSIDERATION                                       7
          FOR THE ECHO RECORD                                     7
          THE EASTERN ECHO MAIL BAG                              32
          MOVIES                                  Inside Back Cover

          COVER BY JAMES MORRISON

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
George M. Leader, Governor 

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Thomas D. McBride, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner — Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY
William J. Banmiller, Warden

THE EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary at
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It’s Editors, or the Institution itself, cannot be held responsible for
plagiarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission to
reprint any material in this issue is cordially granted.

Dear Reader:

How deep is illusion,
how high the pie in the
sky? Two questions
which ECHO has not
forgotten belong togeth-
er. For we realize that
"the moon at which our
fingers point is not the
moon’’ and that the
stars by which we navi-
gate this magazine are
only ... as we sight
and see them.
In this issue, ECHO
confronts several con-
troversial issues, not
presuming to solve them
but at least to call at-
tention to. If a favor-
ite illusion gets a bad
time, or if one of ours
seems mighty thin, re-
member man’s know-
ledge at best is only
probable stuff, and that
growth requires both
new insight and new
dreams. That much un-
derstood, may we re-
spectfully refer you to
such as: P-2, and the
hardest hitting piece in
the history of the fea-
ture page ‘‘From the
Warden’s Desk.’’ P-3,
“Cage One’’ where our
editorial sets a trap for
those who think twice.
P-4, ‘‘How Progressive
is Progressive Penolo-
gy,’’ wherein Andre L.
Paschedag says what he
has to say, yet so tact-
fully all of us go bump
in the gentlest way im-
aginable. P-7, where a
reprint from Argosy
Magazine by author Erle
Stanley Gardner will
and should bring us to
the very brink of reali-
ty. P-29, where L. J.
Biancone helps make
that edge even more ap-
parent. Hspecially for a
current inmate illusion
is P-8, where the Pa.
Prison Society begins to
come into a better focus,
and into its deserved
own. We can promise
you no one really gets
hurt on the journey to
these and other pages
in our magazine, but
only you can tell us how
much or how little you
like the thread of in-
quiry and opinion which
weaves through this,
our Fall Issue.
