---
id: "129"
title: "How Progressive is Progressive Penology?"
author: "Paschedag, Andre L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Based on theoretically capable principles, yet
it is not fulfilling its promise

How Progressive
is
PROGRESSIVE Penology ?

by Andre L. Paschedag

Although the proponents of ‘‘progressive’’
penology can point with pride at the visible benefits
of their system, in the form of classification centers,
staff boards, trade schools, libraries, athletic facili-
ties, and the generally improved treatment of in-
mates, the above question is still valid. Yes, there
is progress—but in what direction? What has been
and will be accomplished other than improving the
living conditions within our prisons? Don’t mis-
understand me, I— as an inmate—appreciate the
personal and material benefits of ‘‘progressive’’ pen-
ology, but I would like to know whether this is the
beginning or the end.

A GROWING DOUBT

A grave doubt has entered my mind whether all
this material progress is leading anywhere in
particular. A doubt which nurtures itself on the
feeling that ‘‘progressive’’ penology has lost sight
of its goal—the prevention or lessening of reci-
divism—or has been severely mishandled by its ad-
herents. A doubt which grows as statistics continue
to show no improvement in the rate of recidivism
under this school of penology. Since the main aim
of any system of penology is the reduction of reci-
divism, a lack of such reduction would seem to in-
dicate that the system is failing to accomplish its
purpose.

OFF THE TRACK

"Progressive" penology is based on theoreti-
cally capable principles, yet it is not fulfilling its
promise. WHY??? Many answers are given in
response to this question—lack of personnel, lack of
proper training, not enough time to show results,
progress is being made, ete., etc., ete., according to
the man questioned. However, I believe its main
failing lies in the ironic fact that in many of the
social sciences of today, penology included, the man
has been forgotten and the many and voluminous
tests, charts, surveys of living conditions, and other
records have become the final all. Despite the pro-
tests of the ‘‘progressive’’ penologist that his science
or system is based on the individual and not the
group, it is my personal opinion that the cruel,
physical impersonality of strict custodial treatment
has only gone to be replaced by the cool, ‘‘humane”’
impersonality of statistical psychology and sociology.
Which opinion furthers my belief that the individual
has no better chance of finding himself and a new
life under the new system than he had under the old.

TO WHAT PURPOSE

Today, upon reception, a man’s emotions, re-
actions, IQ, physical defects, education, etc., are all
nicely and professionally tested, charted, and duly
recorded. To what purpose, if no further use is
made of these catalogued profiles?

Yes, he is told—if he is illiterate—that schooling
is available. However, it is not compulsory,, and if
a man has remained illiterate during the greater part
of his life, surely he lacks the will power or desire
necessary to voluntarily start his education at this
late date. Let us say he does go to school—does this
make him a better citizen, or merely a literate
criminal? How does it affect the problem of
recidivism ?

Yes, the man is given an opportunity to learn a
trade. However, he probably came into prison with
the ability to earn an honest living. Only in few
instances does a man turn to crime because of his
inability to obtain employment. So he learns a
trade—does this make him a better citizen, or merely
a criminal with a trade? How does this affect the
problem of recidivism ?

A FEW MORE YES'S

Yes, the man is informed that psychological
counseling is available if he has an emotional
problem. However, in most cases the inmate is
unable to recognize the fact that he is in need of
such counseling, and will reject the offer without
further thought. Perhaps, he does attend a series
of individual or group therapy sessions, but how
many persevere. until they have reached a stage
where the patient can truthfully say, ‘‘I am a new
man.’’ Through disinterest, pressures of other
activities, parole, or completion of their sentence,
the majority of the participants leave the program
with no more insight or solution to their problems
than they had upon entering the prison. How does
this affect the problem of recidivism?

Yes, the man is interviewed by a classification
board and assigned to the institution thought most
fitting in his case. However, does this help under
the present system? Is the air of one more puri-
fying than the air of another? How does this affect
the problem of recidivism?

Yes, the man is permitted to read books, buy
commissary, go to movies, watch TV, and participate
in sports, but tell me, how does this affect the
problem of recidivism?

EXPLANATION WANTED.

Again, I repeat that I am thankful for the above
benefits and personal comforts which are possible
only under the administration of a "progressive”
system of penology. However, I would like to have
someone explain to me, how any of these benefits are
going to help any inmate solve his major problem—
the problem of emotional and mental readjustment
with its consequent personal and social reorgani-
zation.

SUCCESS. BUT FIRST.

I do believe that ‘‘progressive’’ penology can
succeed where other systems have failed, but it must
first rediscover its seemingly lost purpose—to keep
men from returning to crime and prison. It must
return strongly to individual ‘‘human’’ treatment,
rather than the socially ‘‘humane’’ treatment it
sponsors at the present time.

Let the various tests, interviews, classifications,
etc., attain a standard of reference other than an
entry on the record; let them be used as a guide for
further treatment rather than the final result of
treatment, then ‘‘progressive’’ penology will be
striding into the future and will escape the ever
present danger of stagnation.
