---
id: "13"
title: "The World's Best Seller"
author: "Goos, Rev. Frederick H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Worlds Best-Seller

Rey. Frederick H. Goos
Lutheran Chaplain

The Bible is still the world’s best-seller. But
is it also the world’s most widely read book? There.
may be some question about that. Are you reading
it? If the answer is ‘‘no’’, is it because you think
the Bible has no vital message for you? Or is it
because you have not learned how to read the Bible
to derive the greatest benefits from such reading?

We are forever facing the issues of life. Calam-
ity strikes us. Sorrow overwhelms us. In the midst
of these soul stresses man seeks a sure word of
direction or comfort. These he must have or go down
to defeat and despair. And these he may have if he
will diligently ‘‘search the Scriptures’’.

Life in our modern world is complicated so our
problems are all the more numerous and more diffi-
cult to solve. Instead of having them solved for us
we need guidance and help to work out our own
solutions. The Bible can be a source of such guid-
ance and help. It records many human experiences
and in these experiences we may find the answer
to the problems which confront us.

There is moral and ethical confusion today. The
standards of right and wrong are rather indefinite.
The authority of the home for regulating the con-
duct of its members has become uncertain and
ineffective in many instances. What is needed is
not a code of rules and regulations which outlines
every duty in detail but sign-posts which point out
the way we ought to go. And that is a function of
our Bible. Paul says, ‘‘all Scripture is given by
inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine,
for reproof, for correction, for instruction in
tiehteousness’’. (11 Tim. 3:16) It is a guide and
standard for everyday living. The Ten Command-
ments are not outdated. They are needed today as
much as they ever were. For indicating the right
direction in life you will find Jesus’ Sermon on the
Mount in Matthew 5, 6 and 7 a masterpiece.

These are but a few examples how the Bible
may help in solving our problems. You will discover
others as you read and meditate.

Let me give you a few suggestions in how to
read your Bible profitably for ‘‘correction and
instruction’’.

1. Before you begin your reading ask God to
help you to understand and believe what
you read.

2. Read a portion daily. It is the regular, day-
to-day study which makes the Bible your
daily companion and guide.

3. Read it to increase your knowledge, to deep-
en your understanding and to strengthen
your faith. Get help from more informed
students if particular passages are difficult
to understand .

4. Read the Bible to discover your sin and that
you may be led to true repentance and faith.

5. Read your Bible in order to know and love
your Saviour Jesus Christ.
