---
id: "131"
title: "Conversation: Penal Press Quotes, For Consideration, For the Echo Record"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CONVERSATION
Penal Press Quotes

The following article-editorial entitled ‘‘RE-
HABILITATION?’’ appeared in the June 1957
Issue of THE PRESIDIO, Fort Madison, Iowa:

Two months ago an Associated Press news re-
lease told the story of a former prisoner who was
giving other men in the same boat a big break.
Noel Phillips, 23-year-old Lawton, Oklahoma ma-
sonry contractor and former prisoner would hire
only ex-convicts for his company.

The story reported that Phillips had placed an
ad in the classified section of the local paper. The
ad read: ‘‘Man or boy, eighteen to twenty-three
years old. Must have court record. Prefer man
who is on parole. Bring paper and apply in
person.”

That news story brought Phillips nation-wide
attention. It entered into prisons and fired hope
in the hearts of thousands of prisoners. They rea-
soned it would stir similiar response in others, and
would help them overcome their biggest obstacle—
finding a job. After all, all it took was for someone
to start it and others would carry it on.

Publications written and edited by prisoners
picked up the story and told and retold it. It was
a refuge in the jungle—hope where there had been
no hope.

The Seagozette, published by men of the Federal
Correctional Institute at Seagoville, Texas, reported,
‘‘It’s a pity we do not have more people like this
man, willing and able to help an ex-con.’’

And then on May 12, another story was released
by the Associated Press and it gave us the reason
why more people haven’t tried it. That story is
reprinted here:

“Oklahoma City, Okla. (AP)—Noel Phillips,
who tried to give former convicts like himself a
break by using them in his contracting business,
says he is ruined because of publicity on his re-
habilitation program.

“The 23-year-old Lawton man said he had a
$50,000 a year business but after a story about his.
project he lost about two-thirds of his contracts as
customers canceled.

“However, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hoffman, who
live near here, offered Phillips 10 acres of land to
use for a site for training former convicts.

‘‘The land is valued at $2,000 and contains im-
provements including a small house.

"Phillips has accepted the land and is moving
here with his wife, Shirley, and two small sons to
start anew.

‘‘Phillips said he wants to form a corporation,
Convicts Construction Company, and later expand it
to other crafts. He said the first project would be
to construct a dormitory to house former convicts
while they learn and work.’’

The fact that Phillips plans to carry on even
though his own business was ruined will come as
heart warming news to many prisoners. But they’ll
wonder—will this one work out if the other plan
didn’t? Will people accept this group anymore
than they would the other?

Somehow, we believe things will work out.
Even though we know, through the case of Tom
Runyon and others, that most of the people won’t
accept prisoner rehabilitation as a fact, we believe
there will be enough of them that Phillips’ project
will prove out.

We earnestly hope so.
