---
id: "133"
title: "For Consideration"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For Consideration

The following suggestions were submitted to
the Warden and the Staff on July 12th, and July
26th, 1957.

Harold George Shadd:
Over the past several months there has been a
serious lack of fresh fruit in our diet. For some
reason, we have been unable to purchase oranges,
peaches and other fruit from the Commissary, as
has been the case in the past.

Staff Answer (July 12th):
Agreed. Fresh fruit has been off the Commis-
sary recently because of a new purchasing system.
It will, however, be immediately made available for
inmate purchase. We plan on the following fruits:
oranges, apples, peaches, plums, tangarines, and
pears—depending on price and availability. Thank
you for bringing this to our attention.

Little Obie:
I have two suggestions. The first isto the in-
mates themselves: The ice remaining in the water
barrels in the yard has always been taken out at
afternoon ‘‘yard in’’. This is still being done de-
spite the fact that we now also have evening yard
out. A cold drink would also help in the evening.
How about it?

My other suggestion is eld eased to the Warden
and his staff: Some of the older men housed on
2nd Bloek need our help. Unable to work, they are
dependent upon passersby even for such things as a
cigarette. Couldn’t some method be developed to
enable them to have a little cash on their accounts,
from which they can purchase what they need.
Perhaps the funds could come from the Prisoners
Welfare Fund, or by voluntary donations from other
inmates who are able to work.

Staff Answer: (July 26)
Thank you for two wonderful suggestions. We
especially welcome these types of questions. The
capacity of our Ice Plant is limited, but we will make
every attempt to supply ice for the barrels for even-
ing yard out. We would appreciate the cooperation
of the men in not taking ice from the barrels onto
the Block at the conclusion of afternoon yard out.
Arrangements will be made to care for the
indigent, unemployable and those without any in-
come. Monies from the Prisoners Welfare Fund will
be used for this purpose. This will not apply to
employable inmates.

Alfred Cisneros:
Why don’t they sell milk on the Commissary?

Staff Answer: (July 26)
We plan to offer more milk on the regular diet
in the near future. Suggestion is felt impractical
otherwise.
