---
id: "134"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For the Echo Record

The following article appeared in the June,
1957, issue of ARGOSY Magazine. It has already
obtained widespread reprinting around the Penal
Press Circuit, and deservedly so. ECHO is more
than proud to reprint it here:

April 10, 1957

MEMO RE: TOM RUNYON
FROM: ERLE STANLEY GARDNER

Tom Runyon is dead.

There was no excuse for letting Tom
Runyon die in prison. Every impartial observer
knew that Tom Runyon had been fully rehabilitated
for some years. ‘His punishment had been ample to
act as a crime deterrent for others.’

How about the rehabilitation deter-
rent?

Those persons who talk so glibly about
severe punishment being a crime deterrent might
do. well to realize that. society’s refusal to accept
rehabilitation and meet people like Tom Runyon
halfway is one of the greatest rehabilitation deter-
rents we could possibly have.

Heaven knows how many persons will
be discouraged from putting their feet on the come-
back trail because of society’s vengeful determina-
tion to get its full pound of flesh in the case of Tom
Runyon.

The last years of Tom Runyon’s life
were an inspiration to prison inmates.

He wanted it that way.

His death in prison is Bonne to be a
Breet rehabilitation deterrent.

He didn’t want it that way, but that’s
the way it is.
