---
id: "135"
title: "Prisoners Confer with Prison Society Heads"
author: "Biancone, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Prisoners Confer With Prison Society Heads
by Biancone-Heinemann

In a surprising discussion held last June, ESP
inmates were encouraged to air their opinions and
dissatisfactions with key members of The Penn-
sylvania Prison Society. President Negley K.
Teeters and Executive Secretary G. Richard Bacon
sought and received the Warden’s consent to meet
with the inmates in an effort to obtain both in-
creased understanding of the agency’s program, and
prisoner suggestions for the improvement of their
function and methods of administering direct aid to
prisoners.

The conclave was held in a capacity-filled con-
ference room. No member of the institution’s staff
or personnel was present, and the inmates were
permitted to voice their most candid views and
comments.

Typical of the largely non-ECHO inmates in
attendance, an elderly lifer, seated beside another
lifer whose sentence had been commuted by the
Board of Pardons, expressed the opinion that so
little help had been rendered to needy inmates, he
had grave doubt as to whether the Society was
actually known to exist. ‘‘So far as I know,’’ the
lifer volunteered, ‘‘no prisoner ever received any
direct aid, such as a parole plan, during my 18 years
of imprisonment.”

The subject of parole plans seemed to dominate
the discussion, which had all the ramifications of a
verbal tag-team wrestling match, with no holds
barred. However, Joe Corvi, inmate clerk to the
institution’s Vocational Director, apparently was
more conversant with this phase of the Society’s
activity, as he related instances where contacts had
been made on various occasions with respect to
parole plans. However, he indicated these contacts
were in his opinion inadequate and ineffective, con-
cluding that too many inmates were being held in
‘prison due to the lack of a parole plan. ‘‘I realize
your finances and resources may be limited,’’ he
added, “‘but with all those important persons con-
nected with the Society, conceivably they could
combine their efforts and perhaps considerably al-
leviate the condition, if they really wanted to.’’

Another inmate expressed absolutely no faith
at all in the organization, stating that their cor-
respondence amounted to ‘‘just so much talk, but
no action.’’

Dr. Teeters, in a manner reminiscent of the late
Lionel Barrymore, pointed out specific cases where
such help was rendered, but admitted that under the
present setup the Society could do so in only a few
instances. After a prisoner has exhausted all other
resources, though it likes to maintain contact with
him throughout such attempts, he explained, the
Society would be willing to take over and extend
aid in the procuring of a parole plan. ‘‘The Society
is largely misunderstood,’’ he observed. ‘‘We won’t
run errands for inmates or do things they can do
themselves.’’

Mr. Bacon graphically demonstrated the diffii-
culty in procuring parole plans. ‘‘Of 850 agency
interviewed prospective employers, only eight offers
of employment resulted,’’ the tall ruddy faced
Secretary lamented. ‘‘However, if we could set up
a system ... similar to the one in New York State...
whereby we could have closer contact with the in-
mate, we could do much better.’’ Hlaborating
somewhat on the New York system, Mr. Bacon re-
ferred to it as the Osborne Association—whose ap-
parent success in this field is widely known, a feature
article having appeared in the July, 1946 issue of the
Reader’s Digest.

Veteran inmates remembered Mr. Bacon, now
sporting strands of gray in his hair, as a diligent
case worker in earlier years when he was employed
at the Graterford institution for a period of five
years.

Addressing the group, the soft spoken Mr.
Bacon said, ‘‘It’s hard to get society to back
prisoners, and when they do volunteer in rare
instances, it must be an unusual case. Lots of op-
position with which we are faced stems from the
erroneous impression that The Society is a senti-
mentalist organization. If citizens would take more
interest, they would soon find out that we em-
phatically are not, and that we have the best
interests of society at heart in all our endeavors.

"Our type of service isn’t set up to meet every
prison need,’’ Mr. Bacon continued. ‘‘If we con-
tact a prospective employer or sponsor, we are
reasonably sure the prisoner we are representing
is a good parole risk.’’ The Society’s method of 
gaining that assurance is one of patient but time-
consuming interviewing and counselling contact.
He pointed out that such case work does not relate
to the prisoner’s charge, sentence, etc., but rather
to those human factors involved in a ‘‘readiness’’
and preparation to face up to and succeed in earry-
ing out the responsibilities of regained freedom. The
Society’s intent here is that a man not simply be
paroled, but never return to prison again. ‘“‘In our
best moments, I doubt if we are able to help a mere
10% of the inmates.’’

“That’s correct,’’ Dr. Teeters interposed, ‘‘when
you realize that we would defeat our purpose by try-
ing to force our service on any inmate, but must
wait for him to approach us voluntarily. That is,
he himself must feel he needs not simply a parole
plan, but also the type of counselling designed to
help insure his continued freedom. Few men may
feel they can use such specialized assistance.’’

That the method is endorsed and accepted by
official bodies, Mr. Bacon asserted in a statement,
not reprinted here, which lifted the eyebrows of
every inmate in the room.

Once the cloud of misunderstanding had been
dispelled, the inmates began offering suggestions to
Dr. Teeters and Mr. Bacon.

An inmate criticized the wording of the Soci-
ety’s ‘‘blue card’’ which announces their services to
inmates. Such a card was secured and read aloud.
Sure enough, there was a paragraph stating The
Society’s willingness to ‘‘discuss’’ a man’s problems
and to ‘‘help him decide on a course of action.’’
But in bold face type above read, ‘‘ARE YOU? Con-
cerned about your family? Troubled about a spon-
sor or parole plan? Worried, about your time or
plans for discharge?’’ The accent here was felt by
all inmates present to be somehow misleading.

Again, inmates pointed out that if the Society
requires so much ease work with a man, they should
make adjustments in their procedure in view of the
fact that men are to secure their parole plans not
before three months prior to expiration of their
minimums. For the good reason that to expect an
employer to hold any job open over three months is
unthinkable. Thus, if an inmate contacts and works
with the Society for his 90 day period, and fails to
receive a parole plan from them, it is automatically
too late to try elsewhere. This was thoroughly th-
rashed out.

Said Mr. Bacon, ‘‘I think this meeting is going
to prove to have been of mutual benefit.’’ Dr. Teet-
ers observed, ‘‘In view of the problems faced by the
inmates, I think we had better re-examine our pres-
ent methods at the next meeting of the Prison So-
ciety.’’

Referring to other work being carried on by the
Prison Society, Mr. Bacon observed, ‘‘We financi-
ally assist releasees. Thus far this year we have
‘loaned’ $3,000 to men on parole. To date $100
has been repaid—but then we don’t ask for any of
the money back.’’

No inmate present in the room had been aware
of this phase of the Society’s program. Some of
the men were apparently confused, and referred to
other agencies in no way eonnected with the Penn-
sylvania Prison Society in voicing their complaints,
which more or less dealt with family welfare assist-
ance.

Regarding another aspect, Dr. Teeters resell
that through his office the Society actively supported
liberal and progressive reform bills in the legisla-
ture. The value of this phase of the Society’s pro-
gram was immediately grasped and approved—the
men only wanting to know why the Society never
bothered to communicate (the work they are doing)
to the prisoners.

But when the noted Criminologist defended the
fact that Paul J. Gernert, Chairman of the Board of
Parole, through house minority leader, Albert S.
Readinger, strenuously opposed legislation purpor-
ted to liberalize parole, there was an angry hubbub.
In the middle of the verbal exchange, an inmate
rallied with the Doctor to Mr. Gernert’s defense,
again causing arching of eyebrows. The defending
inmate pointed out that the bill contained ‘‘riders’’
designed to prohibit parole for second offenders,
parole violators, and lifers; it would only have bene-
fitted first offenders (in dispensing with parole
plans.) He said. ‘‘The bill was defeated 112 to 79.
But there you have 79 politicians, holding public
office, voting for something that would wreck Penn-
sylvania’s. penal system. Where would they get
all the money to build the prisons to house the men
kept in prison by such a bill—when they won’t even
appropriate the money needed to keep those on pa-
role out of prison?’’ Mr. Bacon verified the in-
mate’s statements as to the true nature of the bill.

Dr. Teeters assured the group that the Pennsyl-
vania Prison Society has always had a keen interest
in such legislation, referring to the origin of the
organization, founded in 1780, and known as the
famous Philadelphia Society for Alleviating the
Miseries of Public Prisons, which spearheaded re-
form in that era. He pointed out that probably the
Society’s major function related to encouraging the
formulating and passing of only the best and most
enlightened bills before legislature which touch
upon the lives of men in prison and on parole.

Calling upon the editor of this magazine, Dr.
Teeters said, ‘‘Bob, you seem to be pretty good at
summing up opinions. Suppose you give us your
views and comments as to what we have said here
today.’’ The inmate obliged, and in coneluding
remarked, ‘‘A reporter from Ray Whittaker’s Jour-
nalism Class—that would be Lou Biancone over
there—is covering this ‘beat,’ and it should make
interesting copy. I have just received a note from
him advising, ‘This looks like a scoop... history is
again being made.’ I’m inclined to agree with him.’’
