---
id: "136"
title: "Losing Our Sense of the Vital"
author: "Reynolds, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Losing Our Sense of the Vital
by Rev. Gordon Reynolds,
Protestant Chaplain

William Hunt, a great artist, was coaching a
class in landscape painting. It was late in the after-
noon and he had suggested the painting of the sun-
set. As the sun was sinking below the horizon, he
looked over the shoulder of one of his most promising
pupils and noticed, to his dismay, that the young
man, instead of painting the glorious sunset, had
spent all his time painting an old red barn with
dilapidated shingles. In great dismay, the famous
artist and teacher exclaimed, ‘‘Son, son, it won’t
be light long. You haven’t time for both shingles
and sunset. You must choose.’’

Too many of us spend days, hours, talents and
purses, painting old red barns and shingles—the
mundane earthly things of life. We major on the
minor and minor on the major. We putter around
with inconsequentials while our world is on fire.
The night descends; the night when no man can
work. Alerted to the transitory character of the
light let us resolve to splash the sun, the spiritual
things on the canvas of our lives while it is still
light.

Then hope will rise above the bleak and barren
areas of human life, above its scarred lands and
destroyed cities, with healing in its wings.

General MacArthur said, ‘‘You cannot save the
flesh until you save the spirit.’’ When we spend as
much on Bibles as we spend on bombs; as much for
Missionaries as for Marines; as much for Brother-
hood as for battleships; when we are as alive to the
Christian Gospel as the Communist is to spread his
cause; then God will touch our people, individually
and collectively, with the transforming power of the
Christian dynamic. Our trouble—it seems to me—is
that we have been giving ourselves to secondary
things. ‘‘Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and His
righteousness,’’ is a splendid scriptural exhortation,
but for many of us it has been far down the list,
not even a bad second, and the sense of the vital has
been lost. We haven’t time for both shingles and
sunsets!
