---
id: "137"
title: "The Stones Will Cry Out"
author: "Gallagher, Rev. Edwin L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
"The Stones Will Cry Out"
by Reb. Edwin L. Gallagher,
Catholic Chaplain

Caryll Houselander in Warist Missions recently
wrote, ‘‘If someone with the knowledge to do it
would write a book about the price that gallant men
and women have paid, gladly, to hear Mass all
through the ages, from the time of the catacombs
until now, in all the countries of the world, what an
inspiration that would be! And how it would shame
us when we do not go to Mass simply because it
would mean a little effort, which we are too lazy to
make . . .".

Ordinarily a man in the Penitentiary does not
miss Mass because he is too tired to get up, for cer-
tainly he has not been out the night before! Nor
does he omit assisting at Mass because he is too lazy
to walk to Church, since the Chapel is almost within
arm’s reach of everyone. It seems to me that the
Catholic man in the E. S. P. who does not attend to
this duty, does so for one of two reasons: he does
not stop to consider what the Mass is, or he is a
victim of human respect.

What is the Mass? It is a quick peek at heaven.
We all hope some day to worship Christ as He reigns
in glory at the right hand of the Father. This hap-
piness, however, must wait until we have passed
through the testing years of this life. Meanwhile,
for our consolation and strength, Christ anticipates
our heavenly joy and becomes truly present on the
Altar at every Holy Mass. For a few minutes each
week we are privileged to enjoy heaven on earth.
Think about it and you won’t miss Mass.

The victim of human respect is the fellow who
misses Mass because he is afraid that he will be
taunted on the block when he returns from Mass.
Think of the thousands who in our own day and
through the centuries past have suffered persecu-
tion and even death for assisting at the Holy Saeri-
fice. Do more than admire their fortitude. Imitate
their example and be willing to suffer the persecu-
tion of being ‘‘kidded’’.

In the Middle Ages attendance at Mass was oft-
en spoken of as ‘‘seeing God’’. ‘‘See’’? Him each
week at Holy Mass, so that you may more surely see
Him in the endless weeks of eternity.
