---
id: "138"
title: "The Temple Choir"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0013jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
On May 22nd of this year, a historic occasion, the advent of the first evening recrea-
tional period in the history of the institution, was rendered more memorable by the
presence of the visiting Temple University Choir (pictured above). We are grateful to a fellow inmate, one well versed in music, who in the following lyrically portrays the prisoner-response to that unforgettable concert:

The Temple Choir

Never before has there ’risen from these cham-
ened walls such exquisite sound as that which filled
the air and the hearts of men enrapt and literally
overwhelmed by: the performance of the Temple
University Choir. We-could not hope to capture
or express in word that beauty which transcends
speech.

In their gracefully flowing gowns was personi-
fied the poise and dignity in knowledge, unity of
thought and purpose in utterance, in communicating
to us, for us, in the universal language, a message
from the depths to ‘‘The Cathedral on High’’.

In the tonal coloring there was clarity and the
most delicate shading as in the blending from twi-
light to dawn.

Our lives have been truly enriched by that which
flowed from the hearts of composers in the past, and
which now has been recorded in the ‘‘highest fide-
lity’’ on our sensitivities.

In their last appearance of the season the Choir
had descended from the most. elaborate setting in
Concert Halls to a platform on the ground in the
chill night air with walls of stone as a sounding
board, and reascended to even greater heights, trans-
porting all of us to a region in the realm of the
Immortal.

The gauntlet of emotion in intricate passage
was run, articulated as in the footsteps of an angel
ascending the stairs of a harp and striking a chord,
a responsive note in each of us. There was a mag-
netic attraction in the electrified air which seemed
to center, gravitate and flow through the baton of
the Choir Master with every soul at point of contact.

Surely, all of this will forever be a Movement
in the Eternal and Everlasting Symphony of God’s
Own Universe.

We pray.
