---
id: "139"
title: "Profile...by Review"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Gods of Mirth marked this one
as their own, while legions
of larceny screamed, "And Ours!”

PROFILE . . . by Review
by ROBERT DENEEN HEINEMANN

In the long history of rogues, rascals and seal-
lawags, perhaps none has ever been more compas-
sionately and amusingly brought to life than Arlan
Grover Cleveland J. Von Schaedler, known to his
fellow prisoners here as ‘‘The Preacher’’. Reference
is made to the factual biographical sketch, as well
as a full biography in process of being written, by
inmate George Makin.

None of us relish judgment of our parts, those
damning segments of our lives. All of us perhaps
hope that someday the inestimable kindness will be
done to us, that someone troubles to see our lives
whole and from that majestic perspective realize
the melody of personality and character which .. .
yes, required our very lifetime to evolve. A lesser
scope of sight diminishes insight into judgment, the
kind we all have both suffered and made, yet be-
neath which who is there can stand.

In light of judgment, Arlan Von Schaedler is,
or was, without a doubt a rogue. A merry one, but
definitely. Born under the Belt Line Bridge on the
outskirts of the ‘‘quiet little town of Hamburg, Pa.,”
the gods of mirth marked this one as their own,
while legions of larceny screamed, ‘‘And ours!’’
At the same time in her horsedrawn sleigh enroute
to a “‘frolic and’’, his 800 pound momma must have
also claimed him at once as her very own. Not to
be outdone, the proud and surprised papa, ‘‘Hap’’
Schaedler, might well have said, ‘‘A-men!’’

Makin records that Arlan reached the singular
height of second grade before being expelled from
school. But naturally, for stealing bull frogs. Then
follows a stint with Childrens Aid when momma art-
fully put him through an open window. Mere
happenstance that the house belonged to another
family and that a ‘‘curious cop mistook them for
gypsies’’ when they moved away, carting ‘‘bag and
baggage’’.

In a matter of days, the Schaedler ‘‘brood” re-
grouped in Shoemakerville, but the grocery stores
could not stand the strain and 3 weeks later momma
and papa, the little Schaedlers, and Arlan, too, were
sent packing out of town. Or perhaps it was the
restaurants which found too often that during mom-
ma’s colossal fainting spell the check somehow never
seemed to get paid. Or it might have been the shoe
and clothing stores that suddenly ‘‘came to real-
ize’’. “The performance was good most anywhere.’’

Comfortably nestled back in Hamburg in a
large frame house, three stories high, and just as
snug as a bug in a rug they didn’t have’’, everything
went well until the critical visit of the landlord
who, in toasting himself before the cheery fire, some-
how found when his head lay back that he could see
the roof! Unpleasant fellow that he was, he asked
Arlan’s papa, ‘‘My, vot’s hoppened, Hop? Dere’s
no shtairs leading hup da shtep!’’ Papa’s quick
thinking hustled the bewildered landlord out, but
the happy spell was broken and the Schaedler’s
moved out ... just before the large house collapsed.
“It vas a bad house. I’m glad I movft avay from
it,’? commented Arlan’s papa. But it had been
warm. The second and third floors, beams, furniture
and woodwork, not to mention all those lovely 2 x 4’s
underneath the plaster, or the doors and window
frames and—as the observant landlord noted—the
stairs, had helped insure at least that much!

Of course, Arlan knew tribulations, like having

‘At what point did The Preacher become aware—of a purpose without which he, as all of us,
—are ever in flight.’’

his family moved bodily over the county line...
never fear, they stripped down and took the plumb-
ing with them; like living in tents; like late relief
checks which so discouraged papa’s sense of init-
iative and enterprise; like strangely disgruntled
citizens. But, then, life in Reading, ah... that wasa
joy—or rather, a life on the town of Reading was.
At least until the dismal fiasco of the Halloween
“Jack Frost Carnival’’ when momma properly
waltzed the costumed customers out the side door
one at a time where brother Chutz waited in the
alley "with a croquet mallet that came down on
each successive noggin with just the right amount
of anaesthesia. Painless extraction it was, as the
other boys proceeded to stack up the long green leaf.

“All was going quite well until the very spirit
of Halloween in the witch’s broom played a trick
on momma. How could she have known that the
Captain of the State Police was in one of those
costumes? Well, he was—and Chutz missed.
Things happened fast.’’

One could go on with episode after episode, lead-
ing on into the inimitable career of Arlan on his
very hilarious own. Any one of his larcenies out-
laughed the brood’s! But within this roguish pat-
tern weaved the thread of a young gypsy (Arlan)
who at a tender age had met a locksmith. What
matters the endless stream of victimized locks,
picked silently and swiftly to scorn. Not to men-
tion the progression of impersonations and fraudu-
lent misrepresentation of identities which found
Arlan in any guise and any garb busily fleecing even
some of those in the very hue and ery pursuing him.
Did they not beg him to take their money, sometimes
in ways that gave him the laughing fits? Did the
locks not but wait to be picked?

In judgment, a rogue. And justly so.

But Makin in a longer sight insists, ‘‘At every
step of the way the Preacher was thinking, com-
paring, wondering, stumbling, groping in the dark-
ness in search of a key, but for what lock he did
not know.’’ Somehow the vision of a lock he could
not pick haunted him!

Today we all know that recently Arlan suc-
ceeded in creating a mystifyingly ‘‘pick-proof”’ lock.
That he succeeded, too, in interesting Earle Hard-
ware Manufacturing Company, of Reading, in mak-
ing his lock, only after their representative tried
unsuccessfully to pick it. It is well to emphasize
that the man doing the picking was a former naval
intelligence officer; that his picking methods and
techniques ran the known gamut! That even Sch-
aedler cannot pick his own lock.

It goes without saying that if further experi-
ments and research prove out, and that if the lock
goes into production and distribution as planned,
Arlan will be a man with a future such as few of us
ever hope to attain. With his first ‘‘legitimate suc-
cess’’ under his belt — and what a success? — the
creation of a worthy lock — Arlan and others feel
that the young gypsy has arrived, has come into his
own. That the rogue in judgment now stands a more
than excellent chance of becoming a respectable and
productive citizen when he regains his freedom. All
the demonstrable signs would seem to point that
way.

Yet Makin poses some searching questions for
us all to face up to and answer. Searching ques-
tions having to do with the very nature of our so
positive, fragmentary judgments which declare this,
bad; that, indifferent; and the other, good:

“Preacher wasn’t The Preacher that we now
judge him to be in those days. He was a ‘bad boy’.
To his father and momma only he was a ‘good boy’.
Love makes the difference but strangely enough we
can only feel it for those closest. That is, unless we
conceive of all men as our brothers.

“Yet Preacher was becoming Preacher every
day of his life and who can tell at what point the
seed had grown beyond care of the thrashing wind
and storms, to wax strong and bear fruit ...in the
dawning of another day. Who ean tell in an ever
changing world, where the speed of thought is swift-
er than the tongue would speak it. Certainly there is
no special date on the calendar that, as Physicists,
we may predict the appearance of a comet in life’s
orbit . . ."

When did Arlan’s boyhood knowledge of locks
and the vital vision of a pick-proof lock meet and
combine ‘‘in a positive light, a positive sense.’’ At
what point did The Preacher become aware — of
a purpose without which he, as all of us, ‘‘are ever in
flight.” At what point did his past experience, his
vision, his creative purpose change him?

According to Makin, it required the whole of
Arlan’s life to produce The Preacher and his pick-
proof lock. The good, the bad... the merry and the
mad... the lost and the vision which led to the
finding ... all were somehow necessary, all in some
way contributed to a turning the mere fruition of
which we are now able to see in judgment — and
label good.

This biography and the compassionate and wise
thread of insight running through it are, in this
editor’s opinion, recommended and rewarding read-
ing for everyone. ECHO will announce further de-
velopments in the completion of this work as soon
as word is received from the author.
