---
id: "14"
title: "The Very Stones"
author: "Gallagher, Rev. Edwin L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Very Stones

Rey. Edwin L. Gallagher
Catholic Chaplain

If you don’t remember ‘‘Gabby’’ Hartnett,
then you are a youngster! In the days when
‘‘Gabby’’ used to snap his peg to second base with-
out stirring from his haunches the Cubs amounted
to something. Now that the old catcher has re-
tired to the Hall of Fame, the Cubs have slipped.

The memory of ‘‘Gabby’’ however, lingers on.
He used to entertain with endless humor and spark-
ling wit at various dinners and clubs—even to the
edification of stag smokers where an occasional
lapse from good taste was easily overlooked and
maybe expected. Not so with Hartnett, because the
way he could clean up another’s smutty story was
uneanny. And if he couldn’t clean it up, he for-
got it. Inke Will Rogers, Snozzle Durante and
Fred Allen, he was funny but never filthy,—he
didn’t have to be; he was too clever. It is little
wonder, then, that the former catcher is still in
demand, still entertaining.

It’s good for us to remember a man like
Hartnett. It’s good for us to remind ourselves
that much of the stuff pawned off today isn’t funny
at all—just filthy. And filth is a cheap substitute
for genuine wit. Here no intellect is required
at all and no cleverness. And in the end it leaves
you poorer for having wasted your sense of humor
on drivel. Watch the poverty of the funny-man
who trades in filth, and pity the poor souls who
comprise his egghead audience. It’s a perfect case
of the dull leading the dumb.

Invariably the humor on these levels is sourced
in the unholy use of what God intended to be holy
and reverent, even to the sacred things associated
with the mystery of life and motherhood. A man
has to be mighty low to connect his mother or any
mother with that which is filthy or cheap. Yet it
is done. Do you do it? Sometimes there is need
to be reminded that speech is a gift of God to be
used in His honor and our own salvation. Fun and
filthy talk are not synonymous.

No one wants you to be snooty or soft; but if
you aspire to be any kind of a MAN—vulgarity is
out. The fellow with the filthy tongue hurts him-
self. He harms others—and how much he harms
them he’ll never know until the very last day when
Christ holds the General Judgment. Right now,
when he retails his rot, perhaps someone, terrifi-
cally tempted and trying hard, is pushed into sin.
His own foul mouth in itself is enough to answer
for, without adding another man’s sin— and an-
other’s—and another’s.

Sometimes you can’t escape a dirty story or
talk—but you never have to repeat it. And if you
can’t clean it up, forget it.
