---
id: "141"
title: "The Wedding Gift"
author: "Shadd, Harold George"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE WEDDING GIFT

by HAROLD GEORGE SHADD
Illustrated by JAMES MORRISON

Joe Nassar eased his tall, lanky frame forward
on the chrome and leather chair .. pushed the micro-
phone a little closer to the automatic turn-table.
Carefully he placed four long-playing records on the
shiny steel spindle sticking up out of the round, green
dise. He readjusted his shell-rimmed glasses ... .
scratched his well-formed nose... glanced at the
clock. 2:27 A.M. Three more minutes to go, then
he’d have an hour to himself—an hour in which to
give his wife, Ethyl, her present.

Joe and Ethyl had been married ten years ago to-
night, and soon . . . within the next hour. . . they
were going to be unmarried. Joe would be free...
and Ethyl ... would be dead.

Joe raised his curly black head from preoccupa-
tion with the turn-table . . . looked once again at
the round, electric clock snuggled against the far
wall of the broadcasting studio. 2:28 A.M. Joe’s
grey-green eyes blinked nervously. Two minutes
more before he could start the grooved, black platters
spinning.

Thoughtfully he rubbed his square jaw that
somehow retained a look of weakness. He let his
mind dart quickly over the necessary details. He
had planned well. Everything seemed to be ready.
Turn-table set and ready to go. Mike in place. Tape-
recorder synchronized with the turn-table. Good.


The red alert light above the clock flickered its
bright warning. 2:29 A.M. One more minute.

He had gone over the whole thing carefully. If
everything went as smoothly as he had it figured,
he’d be able to murder Ethyl and not fall under
suspicion. He’d have the best alibi in the world.
His own voice. And... thousands of listeners.

2:30 A.M.

Joe flipped the switches and his deep, masculine
voice glided out over the air-waves, creeping into
the radios of cars speeding along the dark, almost
deserted highways; gliding into the home sets of the
late stay-er-uppers. His alibi. His listeners.

‘‘Good morning, people,’’ his tape-recorded voice
said. ‘‘This is Joe Nassar, your wee hour dis¢ jockey
... the old night owl .. . bringing you music to sleep
by ... or musie to wake up by, whichever your case
might be. For our first platter thig morning, we’ll
Spin that beautiful old . . . . "

Joe smiled with pleasure as he listened to his
voice drone on and on until it was slowly interrupted
by the sweet soft music gradually increasing in
volume. Then he hurried across the glass-enclosed
studio .. . took his hat and grey topcoat from their
pegs. He hurried down the shadowed hall toward
the rear entrance and stepped into the fog shrouded
night. He hugged the side of the building .. .
peered ... searching ... listened for sounds of
another human being. Satisfied, he quickly covered
the short distance across the empty parking lot to
his car. The motor roared into life and he tooled
the ’53 Buick across the damp concrete .. . without
lights, through the back alleys. He couldn’t afford
to be seen. He’d have to be careful. But if every-
thing went as well tonight as his three dress rehearsals,
he didn’t have a thing to worry about. He’d be able
to kill her without a hitch.

Joe hunched forward over the wheel as he eased
the battered old car into one of the side streets. His
hands, tapering and strong looking, felt clammy
clutching the steering wheel. Almost angrily he
wiped each one separately on his trousers. He
flipped the headlights on and squinted into the
glare of the yellow thrown back by an almost solid
bank of fog. Joe had checked the weather report
for tonight. It had predicted a heavy, rolling fog.
And ... it was right. He didn’t want to be seen
and'in this heavy pea-soup, he wouldn’t. Joe smiled
at his shrewdness.

Being the only one in the studio had been a
necessary part of the plan, too. But that hadn’t
been too hard to swing. Six months ago he had
asked Terry Hardin to switch shifts. Joe had been
on the four to twelve P.M. and Terry was more than
happy to get off the early morning twelve to eight
trick. Les Popin, the station manager, had O.K’d
the switch and Joe was assured complete privacy in
the broadcasting rooms of Station W.K.B.I. Al
Nudge, the engineer, wouldn’t bother him because
the heavy sound equipment was located three miles
from town in a cement block building near the an-
tena. And Al... éarphones and all... was out
there, too. After the sound level was checked and
set, Joe knew Al wouldn’t give him any trouble.

Smart ... real smart, Joe thought as he drove
through the heavy mist. He chuckled softly .....
evilly. Glanced once more at his watch. 2:41. Four
minutes more and he’d be close enough to the house
to park the car.

Having Ethyl write her sister Betty had been
a clever move, too. Joe had suggested that Ethyl
ask Betty and her husband to come to Kersey and
help them celebrate their anniversary. Betty had
written her acceptance and said she and hubby would
arrive on the 5:20 train. Just about three hours from
now. Ethyl was supposed to pick them up at the rail-
road depot with the station wagon, but when she didn’t
show up Jim and Betty would catch a cab... run
out to the house. They’d find Ethyl dead... call
the Police. And they in turn, when they came look-
ing for Joe, would find him calmly seated in front
of the mike sending his spiel of nonsensical chatter
out over the ether. Brainy, huh?

All Joe had to worry about was not being seen
or recognized while he was away from the studio.
The rest would take care of itself. All except the
tape of his voice. But he could erase that when he
got back to the station.

Joe was on his own street now, just two blocks
from home.: Slowly he guided the car in against the
curb ... shut off the motor. He eased the car door
shut behind him ... cut through the vacant lot...
and, coat flapping around his legs, trotted down the
alley that ran behind his house.

Joe could see the yellow-lighted bedroom window
shining faintly through the white-blanketed blackness
of night and he surmised that Ethyl was probably
reading; waiting until it was time to go to the
station.

He trod the steps slowly .. . cautiously ... one
at a time ... entered by the rear door. Joe knew
the location of each piece of furniture in the house
and moved noiselessly through the rooms... up
the stairs .. . down the hall, until he was outside the
door to their bedroom. He opened the door without
a sound and looked at Ethyl propped up against
the cushions on the bed. She was intensely absorbed
with a condensed version of Readers Digest Novels.
As yet, she was unaware of Joe’s presence and his
eyes unhurriedly took in the features and body he
had grown to hate violently: the chestnut brown
hair tightly put up in curlers... the grease smeared
face, plain and unattractive ... the body grown flab-
by, uneared for . . . the checkered bathrobe and
neck-high cotton nightgown. God.! Why couldn’t
she be as attractive and sweet smelling as Nicci.
Nicci, the beautiful. Nicci, his love, the girl he had
met one night in Joe-Joe’s Bar and Grill over on the
other side of town.

Ethyl sensed his presence ... threw the book into
her lap. Her clenched fist, baby-like, shot to her
mouth and she bit hard to stifle the scream of terror
that rose chokingly in her throat. She could taste
the saltiness of blood with her tongue. ‘‘My God,
Joe,’’ she gasped. ‘‘What are you trying to do?
Scare me to death? Why aren’t you at work?’’

‘‘Sorry, hon,’’ Joe said, smiling as he walked
slowly across the bedroom. ‘‘Terry dropped in a
little bit ago. Said a man should have a couple of
night hours with his wife on their anniversary.”’
Joe chuckled and Ethyl toyed with a smile shyly.
She held her arms out to Joe. ‘‘You silly darling,’’
she murmured huskily. ‘‘Come here to mama.’’

Joe sat down on the bed and his arms shot out;
quickly his strong fingers closed around Ethyl’s
throat. Tighter and tighter they squeezed and Joe
felt a perverse delight begin to suffuse his body. His
wife’s brown eyes bugged wide with terror and she
thrashed wildly from beneath the covers and the
green, silk spread. Her thick, heavy thighs flashed .
.. the rumpled, flower-printed nightgown around her
hips. Feet lashed out... caught Joe in the stomach.
He grunted in agony and his grip relaxed momen-
tarily, but it was enough, Ethyl tore loose... .
threw herself out of bed... raced for the open door.

Joe ignored the pain and darted in pursuit.
The hall was dark, except for the flood of light
pouring out of the bedroom, and as he raced down
the carpeted corridor he could hear Ethyl’s bare feet
thudding on the steps. Joe hurled himself down...
five and six at a time... caught her just as she
struggled to unlock the front door. Joe’s arms
wrapped around Kthyl’s flabby waist and violently
he tore her away ... threw her through the archway
into the living room. Ethyl fell heavily to the floor
. . . screamed shrilly .... You're crazy . . . .
crazy. My God, Joe, what’s got into you? What
are you trying to do? You’re crazy.’’

Joe’s breath tore at his throat. His body flew
through the air . .. landed heavily on hers . . .
pinned her kicking legs to the floor.

Ethyl screamed again, ‘‘Don’t ... oh, for God’s
sake, Joe... don’t.’’

Joe’s groping hands found her throat . . fingers
closed tight . . . squeezed . . . tighter and harder.
Kthyl’s scream changed to a sickening wheeze .. .
fainter ... fainter. Her struggles grew weaker...
less violent. Harder and harder he squeezed while
her face mottled deep, dark purple. And then she
was still. Ethyl was dead. And Joe was free.

Joe rose and with fear tearing at his heart ran
to the back door. Had anybody heard her scream?
Cautiously he let himself out ... stared into the
fog. Everything seemed O.K. Nobody had heard
her.

Joe jumped off the porch to the sidewalk...
trotted through the alley . . . retraced his steps
through the vacant lot to the car. Behind the wheel
again, he peered at his watch in the dim mist-
reflected light of the street lamp. 3:12. Ethyl had
given him more trouble than he’d expected, but he
was right on schedule. Fifteen minutes back to the
office. He’d make it, alright. Just like he’d plan-
ned. And the fog covered his movements perfectly.
Brains . . . . . that’s what it took.

As Joe drove carefully back to the broadcasting
station he thought about the wife he had hated, lying
dead on the living room floor. And he smiled in
self satisfaction. He thought about Nicci. Nicci
with the beautiful face. Nicci with the sweet smell-
ing .... more beautiful body; Nicci waiting for
him in her apartment over on Center Street. Joe
smiled again, mentally savoring the delights Nicci’s
lovely body would give him in the future. He
thought about the child that would be born in about
five months; about the marriage that would follow
after things quieted down concerning Ethyl’s murder.

Joe parked the car ... entered the red brick
building. When he hung his hat and coat on the
rack, the clock in the glass enclosed room said... .
3:28 A.M.

Quickly he took his seat in front of the table
mike and as the last section of the record’s music
faded, his resonant voice said, ‘‘Wasn’t that beauti-
ful... just beautiful? Gosh! I wish I could play
musi¢ like that. But I do play it, though, don’t I?
I spin these platters for you old sleepy-heads night
after night, so I guess you could say I play that kind
of music. Maybe I should have said morning after
morning instead of night after night, because right
now it is exactly 3:32 A.M.”’

While he spoke, Joe carefully placed his next
record on the turn-table. As the soft music filled
the room and danced out over the air waves, Joe
started the erase mechanism on the tape recorder.
The tape shot backward on its reel, completely wiping
out the incriminating record of Joe’s voice. The
only voice that could give him away to the police.

4:35 A.M. Joe’s voice and the music droned on
and on . . . . .

5:50. His sister-in-law and husband should have
found his wife’s body by now . . . called the police.

6:29. La Vie en Rose was spinning on the turn-
table. Police should be here any second.

Joe glanced up ... saw Raphael Allison, the
Chief of Police, and two burly detectives from the
Homicide Squad watching through the thick, plate
glass. Their eyes were cold, impersonal, but yet
tinged with a look of disgust. And Joe felt a tingle
of fear race madly up and down his spine. But no
eee they couldn’t know a thing. Everything had
gone perfectly.

Joe changed records, putting on two extras for
added time. He smiled... raised his hand in salute.
Walked into the reception room where Allison and his
men waited. ‘‘What’s up, Chief?’’ Joe asked, and
added ‘‘ Kind of late for you to be roaming around,
isn't it?"

‘‘Never too late when murder is involved, Joe,’’
the Chief replied, his booming voice filling the tiny
cubicle.

‘‘Murder?’’ Joe asked quizzically, cocking his
head to one side. ‘*‘Who?’’

‘‘Don’t you know, Joe?”’

"No... why should I?”’

“It’s your wife, Joe.’’

"My wife . . . my . . . . my wife !!" Joe's face
blanched white as the reality of what he had done
struck home.

“Yeah ... Joe! Your wife! Why did you do
it?’’

“Me ... do it?’’ Joe asked shrilly, his voice
beginning to crack as honest-to-God fear crept into
his bones. ‘‘Are you crazy, Allison! I’ve been
right here all night and Ethyl was all right when I
left." Joe began to sob wildly, hoping he was con-
vincing; hoping he’d be able to make them believe
his artificial sorrow.

“No, you haven’t, Joe,’’ the Chief replied
quietly, and added, ‘‘What do you call this?’’ He
handed Joe a small, beautifully illustrated card.

Fingers trembling, Joe reached for the proffered
paper. His eyes, through crocodile tears, sought the
fine, even seript. His wife’s handwriting! ‘‘To my
Darling Husband on our Tenth Wedding Anniver-
sary.’’ it said. ‘‘It’s Been Wonderful, Joe’’ and it
was signed, ‘‘ All My Love, Ethyl.’’

Joe sucked air into his lungs. Relief flooded his
being. They didn’t have a thing! They were just
guessing. ‘‘What are you trying to do, Allison,”’
he smiled, bluffing, ‘‘be funny ?”

"Not at all, Joe,’’ the Chief replied gently. He
turned to one of his men. ‘‘Show him what we
found in the living room, Meyers.’’

One of the detectives reached down on the floor .
.... Set a covered cage on the desk. The other
moved in behind Joe. Ready.

“You like animals . . . birds . . . things like
that?’’ Chief Allison asked.

“Yes, but my wife has been killed. What’s that
bird cage have to do with it?’’ Joe asked angrily.

Meyers whipped the sheet. off the cage and Joe
looked at the Parrakeet. The brilliantly-hued bird
stared owlishly at Joe. ‘‘Awk,’’ it said. ‘‘You’re
crazy, Joe! Youre crazy! Don't . . . don't . . . 
oh, for God’s sake, Joe! Don’t... don’t.. don’t."
