---
id: "143"
title: "Field Events"
author: "Poltorak, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0022.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FIELD EVENTS.

by STEVE POLTORAK

The Banner Field Events Day of the year
started at 9:30 A.M. with Mr. Thomas Graham’s
voice coming over the loudspeaker, saying, ‘‘The
festivities will get underway with the band playing
the Star Spangled Banner.”’

The overhead looked like a pastel blue roof
that some giant spattered with whitewash. The
first event on the program was the Bag Race.
Winner was Billy Holmes, with Jenkins a close
second. Cullen (Irish) was disqualified, but made
a plucky effort.

Next event was the Three-Legged Race. In
the background the band was rocking and rolling
and jiving and sounding much better than their
regular scheduled numbers. Billy Holmes and
Richard were the winners. Irish and Richy
Richardson made a great try.

Among the spectators was Warden William J.
Banmiller, wearing a light-colored sport coat, cool
looking white sport shirt and dark contrasting
slacks.

Anyone passing on the benevolent side of the
wall could hear the live shouts and cheers that are
characteristic of field events everywhere. Mr.
Graham doing a fine job, as usual, kept things
moving by calling the entrants for the human
wheel-barrow race. Jenkins and partner won this
one by a nose; in fact, Jenkins finished on his nose.
He slipped while crossing the line and was pushed
over. Irish, with Richardson steering, tried for
this one, too. For a while, Irish looked like a
hungry alligator going after his lunch, but he
slipped and fell.

Next in line was the Shot-Put. Major Brierley
took his shot: with a camera. Winner of this
event was Dave (Davy Crockett) Croxton, with a
heave of better than 38 feet. But Irish stole the
show with his plucky tries. This ended the field
events for the morning.

After dinner the field events again were
resumed.

The afternoon session started with the running
broad jump. Winner: Magic Paine; Place: Doc;
Show: Dick; Also Ran: Irish.

Next contest was the High Jump. The peren-
nial winner, Magic Paine, again exhibited his magic
form, winning easily. Slick, representing the Com-
missary, surprised everyone by hanging in there
longer than anyone expected, winning the show
spot. ‘‘Reds’’ Bogardus gave it a good try.

Never in the history of Cherry Hill was a sports
event so fully covered. The whole Journalism Class
was taking notes.

After the bitter play-offs were over, Leo Mc-
Mahon and Mike Sliwka emerged the winners in the
Handball Doubles. Jenkins (Mr. Singles himself)
won the singles. Lately, Jenkins’ reputation as a
singles handball player has been growing by leaps
and bounds.

Next event was the 50-yard dash. After the
elimination runs against the clock, the winners
were; Doc, first; Paine, second; and Lucky,
third. The winner of the 100-yard dash was Shep;
second was Doc; and third was Powell.

EYEWITNESS ACCOUNTS

LEO McMAHON: ‘‘The field events this year
did not seem to have the enthusiasm of previous
years.’”’

HANK THE TANK MYERS: ‘‘Little Irish
was unconquerable. Although knowing he could
not win the Shot-Put after his first try, he still
took all his turns.’’

Strangely enough, the eyewitness story this
reporter liked best was not about the Fourth of
July, nor did it concern the field events. It hap-
pened on Sunday and it was about Major Brierley’s
dog that answers to the name of Lady. The story
as told to me by:

Frankie (the Count): A familiar scene, on the
Sundays that Major Brierley is on duty, is Swampy
(Harry Farrell) and Lady, a friendly, black and
white dog with brown markings that looks like she
started to be a Daschund, but blithely stopped half
way. This waggishly frolicsome pair start out in
the morning as if they just invented perpetual
motion. Swampy with a ridge-running trot and
Lady with a ludicrously absurd side swinging gallop.
All day they run around visiting, sniffing, lifting
spirits, and playing games. When Swampy plays
the outteld, lady is out there, too. “One day
Swampy hit a triple, they both rounded the bases
and slid into third base at the same time—a hilarious
sight.

Came the late afternoon. The scene is set:
Major Brierley is at the gate ready to leave.
Swampy says ‘‘Good-Bye’’ and Lady starts slowly
and reluctantly walking toward the gate. Lady
stops, plainly chewing the bone of separation; she
looks back at Swampy. Visibly gloomy, Lady once
again starts toward the gate. She stops mid-way and
looks back at Swampy, a picture of sadness and
indecision, she turns and looks at the opening gate
and back again at Swampy. Lady cannot move,
maybe she can feel the air of warmth and charm
she has created. Major Brierley’s voice breaks the
spell, “Time to go home, Lady,’’ he says. Deject-
edly cast down, Lady slowly walks out. The pond-
erous gate closes.
