---
id: "144"
title: "Pen-Cell League"
author: "Myers, Hank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0023.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Pen-Cell League
By Hank Myers, Ass’t Sports Editor

After a series of upheavals and chaotic changes,
the league after experimenting with five teams de-
creased to four teams and finally to three.
toward the finish line and championship, it is any-
body’s guess who will take and hold the top perch.

Play-Offs

The second place team will play a three (3)
game series starting on August 26th against the third
place team. The winner will meet the first place
team in a seven (7) game play-off, starting on Labor
Day.

Notes While Bench Warming

Jake is the home run king, but Fricker stated
recently that he is ready to take over Jake’s title
now that his ankle is better. Billy Hollowell is de-
finitely the league leading hitter, batting to date a
neat .600. Saby says he will be a changed player
now that he has acquired his barber’s heense, any-
body need a close shave? Heinemann continues as
the winningest pitcher; George Kalvidis is still mak-
ing most of the batters look like windmills when he’s
serving them up. Paul Neal is the best utility man
in the league for my money. Capable of holding
down any position. Big Bill is coming out of his
slump with a bang! Obie and Seratchie are the only
managers who held on to their jobs despite the chan-
ges and shake-ups throughout the season.

Pen-Cell League
Standings to Date
          W    L    Pct.   GB    Games Left:
Bandits   18   9    667    —       8
Reliable  19  10    665    —       7
Twerps    14  12    538   3 1/2    9
