---
id: "145"
title: "Storehouse League"
author: "Brown, Joe"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0023.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Storehouse League
By Joe Brown, Reporter

LYNX:
Leading Hitter: Rooster, .714
Leading Piteher. lucky. W—3, L—1
Team Won: 5 Lost 2
Manager: Dick Hoffman

This team came from last place to the top of
the league during the first half.

In Rooster and Lucky they have two very good
pitchers. Dick, the manager wasn’t content with
what he had but has made moves to help his team.
Ricco is one of the best all-around players in the 
league; DuPree and Jackson keep the team on
their toes.

CARDINALS:
Leading Hitter: Junior, .375
Leading Pitcher: Big Jim, W—2, L—1
Team Won: 4 Lost 4
Manager: Junior

This is a very good team and it will be interest-
ing to see where they end. Snooks, Long, Junior
and Seymour are the big bats. Big Jim, George
Sanders and Tommy are the pitchers and with any
help may go all the way. I look for this team to
make the Lynx know they are in the league and
must be beaten if the Lynx wish to win the second
half.

PHILLIES:
Leading Hitter: Joe Brown, .474
Leading Pitcher: Louis, W—2 Lost—2
Team Won: 3, Lost 3
Manager: Joe Rut

The Phillies were the team to beat in the first
half but for some reason or other couldn’t win the
big games at the end. However, they have in
Louis Weston, Joe Brown and Bogardus three of
the best hitters in the league; in Salty, who is one of
the most hustling players, they should be able to
make the league know they are in it. Not enough
pitching to go all the way however, so 2nd or 3rd is
the best we can see for them.

ROCKET ‘‘88’’:
Leading Hitters: Cleve & Swartley, .347
Leading Pitcher: Doggie, W—2, L-—2
Team Won: 2 Lost 5
Manager: Cleve

This is not a last place team; however, not
enough spark and poor fielding keep them at the
bottom of the league. Swartley, Cleve and Robin-
son are good all around players and help make
this a team able to beat any other if they play
as good every inning as they do for three or four
innings. No game is over until the last out.

“CARDINALS”
By Benson, Reporter

The Cardinals a new team which began the
second half in the Storehouse League and very
capably managed by Snooks and Junior is now
showing promise and remains very close to the
top, the Cardinals have shown a very good defense
and a concentrated offense with good power at the
bat and a will to win among the players themselves.
As the second half draws down the home-stretch
the Cardinals will be the team to watch and beat.
The team staff assisting the manager is; George
Sanders, Captain, Yancey, Coach and Benson, Team
Scorer, who also keeps the manager informed of
team and player performance.
