---
id: "146"
title: "Mexican League"
author: "Tucker, George"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0023.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Mexican League
By George Tucker, Reporter

The first half of the Season of the Mexican
League is now History. It was won by the Rams. .
. . . . . . Big Jim Ford, Manager.

OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENTS IN THE
FIRST HALF

League leading Hitter: Albert (Curly) Heath
.507 plus 10 home runs.

League leading Pitcher: Iron-man-Dave Won 15
Lost 5.

The Second Half started off with prospects of a
great battle to the finish. As of July 22, each team
had played four games. There was a four-way tie
for first place, each having a 2-2 Record.

The Rams are seeking a repeat performance.
The Bears, Dodgers and Falcons say NO!

THE RAMS... With the pitching and hustle
of Iron Man Dave and the fine play of Lock, up from
the Cuban League, I think the Rams mean a repeat
of the First Half. Both Earl Brown and Champ,
each hopping around on one leg, are still playing
good ball.

THE BEARS ... The Bears with No-No and
Joe pitching could be classified as the spoilers of the
League. Wild Man Levi is doing a good job behind
the plate. Buffalo with his good eyes and two inch
strike zone is forever getting on base.

THE DODGERS... The Dodgers have streng-
thened their team quite a bit since the start of the
Second Half. The Dodgers need some base hits.
Keith is the only consistent hitter on the team as of
now. Buzzard did a fine job of hitting in the first
half. Foots is a good team man. Stoop is back
with the Dodgers and is covering short field lke a
blanket. The Dodgers are aiming for first place.
They finished second in the First Half.

THE FALCONS ... Now here is a team to
watch. They have signed Walkie-Talkie who is a
good pitcher and he is tricky, too, keeps the ball mov-
ing all over the strike zone. With Curley threatening
to smack the ball out of the park and Third Base-
man, Horse, gobbling up everything that comes his
way fair or foul. Watch Out. Hx-Umpire Mays
is back with the Falcons, bunting as usual.

All in all, it looks like a good Second Half. May
the best team WIN.

Hats off to scorekeeper, Jake, for the fine job
he is doing.

P.S.... Remember men: Umpires Slick and
Toby are doing their best. You have a right to
Protest. BUT KNOW WHAT CAN BE PROTES-
TED.
