---
id: "148"
title: "Con-Fab"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0026.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
CON-FAB
by L. J. BIANCONE

During the last quarterly period, inmate morale
at Eastern Pen seemed to soar as the result of
several presentations which included, among other
things, a choir, an electronic carnival, and a string
band.

It all started on May 22nd with the incompar-
ably magnificent Temple University Choir, as in-
mates thronged to the first evening recreation period
in the institution’s history to hear their superlative
vocal renditions, ranging from the classical ‘‘ Ave
Maria’’ to the inmortal novelty of ‘‘Frankie and
Johnnie’’.

Inmates were still echoing their thunderous ap-
plause when they were feted, several weeks later,
with a scientific presentation of electronic devices
and stereophonic recordings by the noted Jim Vaus,
author of ‘‘Why I Quit Syndicated Crime’’.

While this grateful audience was digesting the
sobering thoughts of the aforementioned, in which
Mr. Vaus virtually bared his soul in telling inmates
how he abandoned a sordid life of crime in the very
midst of amassing a fabulous fortune in order to
". . . GET RIGHT WITH GOD", lo and behold,
they again thronged to the yard on the evening of
July 9th to be treated to the captivating and sooth-
ing strains of the celebrated Quaker City String
Band.

Directed by John Mayer, with President John
Walsh and Bob Rodebaugh, Assistant Director of
Parades, in attendance, the Quaker City bandsmen
(and boys!) literally played their hearts out to an
ever more enthusiastic audience. The program in-
cluded the beautiful ‘‘Canadian Sunset’’, ‘‘Golden
Slippers’’, and ‘‘Heart of My Heart’’, to mention
but a few of the many numbers. Featured were
alto saxophonist Billy Garten in ‘‘Melody of Love’’;
Joe Devine in ‘‘White Sport Coat’’; little Jimmie
Shock and his BIG accordian in ‘‘Tea for Two’’ and
“Has Anybody Seen My Girl’’; a medley of nine
tunes, among which anyone could find his favorite;
and a spectacular Rock ’n Roll Combo in “‘Rock
Around the Clock’’ and ‘‘Shake, Rattle and Roll’’.
Special thanks went to Mr. Al French who helped
make it possible for the Quaker City members to
play here.

During the interim, inmates presented their
own variety show to their brethren, which featured
WEIL radio and television personality, Phil
Sheridan, as guest star. Mr. Sheridan also doubled
as judge in selecting the best impressions and pre-
sentations, for which prizes were awarded. All
participants shared in the awards. Being over-
whelmingly impressed with the inmate-audience,
Mr. Sheridan presented them with an Orthophonic
record player several days later.

Due to the institution’s recent inauguration of
evening ‘‘yard out’’, these presentations have in no-
wise interfered with regularly scheduled activity
and the general routine operation of the prison. To
the contrary, the resulting effect upon the inmates
is unquestionably reflected in their work and con-
duct in an over-all spirit of splendid cooperation, as
indicated by the Warden’s commendation which ap-
peared on all cell block bulletin boards.

To say the least, such activities apparently tend
to sever the links in the chain of mental bondage
by boosting inmate morale. Any elaboration on
these presentations and resulting inmate reaction
would admittedly be inadequate. The programs,
and the benevolent participants, are beyond the
realm of eulogy in this column. However, it seems
appropriate to say that if ‘‘news”’ is defined as man’s
changing relation to his environment, these programs
have immeasurably provided the objective reporter
with all the necessary technical aspects of the new,
strange, picturesque, and unexpected,—considerably
altering the status quo of institutional life!
