---
id: "149"
title: "Pen Prisoners Enroll in Journalism Class"
author: "Biancone, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Pen Prisoners
Enroll in Journalism Class
by L. J. BIANCONE

Ray Whittaker, former radio and television
newsman, currently employed as adviser to student
Publications at Temple University, has volunteered
his services to teach elements of journalism to the
inmates of this institution. The first class meeting
was held in the prison classroom June 12.

In addressing the fifteen students comprising
felons from all walks of life, Whittaker discussed
many and varied advantages of the course; vividly
portraying the possibilities open even for men with
a past. The student-felons appeared to have more
than a passive interest as they dashed through their
first assignment, following the discourse.

Whittaker lost no time in dishing out the first
assignment to the students.

A mythical organ was designated, ‘‘The Eastern
State News’’, as the volunteer instructor directed
the students to write their own story covering their
elevation to the post of editor.

However, it was obviously clear Whittaker was
is unquestionably reflected in their work and con-
duct in an over-all spirit of splendid cooperation, as
indicated by the Warden’s commendation which ap-
peared on all cell block bulletin boards.

To say the least, such activities apparently tend
to sever the links in the chain of mental bondage
by boosting inmate morale. Any elaboration on
these presentations and resulting inmate reaction
not expecting too much from this initial assignment,
as he indicated it would be compared with a similar
assignment toward the conclusion of the course.

Adding substance to the challenge, the inmates
were given a homework assignment just before the
meeting adjourned, obviously designed to determine
aptitude potential.

The students were asked to submit a paper
covering the reason for enrollment in the course.
To be answered were such inquiries as: ‘‘Any ex-
perience in journalistic writing; personal qualifica-
tions; what you expect to get out of the course ; what
related fields would be of personal interest; and,
finally, a capsule autobiography of the student.’’

Whittaker explained the last mentioned cate-
gory as being a matter of accessible record, but
preferred the inmate to submit his own version,
thus, ‘‘facilitating the informality that is a weleome
part of a elass in journalism, which invariably
establishes a close bond between student and
teacher.”
