---
id: "15"
title: "Dream Woman"
author: "Cressman, William"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
DREAM WOMAN

John lay in bed, dreamily awake, reflecting on
his new life. It was strange. He had imagined
that marriage would automatically make him
into a new man. He must have expected some
metamorphosis to take place when he married.
Somehow he felt he should have different ideas,
different feelings and thoughts, but he didn’t.

It had been the same when he became twenty-
one. He had expected then, too, to automatically
feel different, to change from a boy to a man in one
simple action of turning twenty-one, but he had
found that he felt no different on his birthday than
he had the day before, or even the month before.

Today it was the same. He had been married
to Betty three days now, and although he had ex-
perienced new emotions, powerful emotions he had
not known before, he sadly discovered that he was
not appreciably changed. The dream was itself ev-
idence of that. Ever since he could remember, he
had had the dream. It was always the same. Always.

In the dream, a beautiful young woman of
about 20 stood by a rose-arbour in a garden. She
wore a rather severe, plain dark dress, and her
light wavy hair stood away from her tiny face as
though a light summer breeze wafted gently
through the garden. She stood with her face turned
toward him, her left hand raised in a gesture of
farewell, a look of infinite sadness in her eyes. The
dream was always the same. He wished he could
remember all of it, but he couldn’t. He could always
remember seeing her standing there, waving, but
beyond that he could not penetrate. He always
felt upon awakening that some part of the dream
had escaped him, had eluded him. He felt cheated,
somehow, and sad.

The first time he could remember dreaming of
her had been when he was seven, or perhaps eight.
He dreamt of her and had been strangely shaken,
erying out in his sleep, for the Sister at the orphan-
age wakened him and comforted him, telling him 
that he must have had a bad dream, that now every-
thing was all right. Ever since then, periodically,
he would have the dream, and it would never vary,
but was always the same. It had been the same last
night.

It was strange that Betty should resemble the
girl in the dream. She was oddly lke her, and yet
she was different. Betty’s hair was the same color,
and there was a slight resemblance in the facial
structure, but there the resemblance ceased. Betty
was tall, almost as tall as he was himself, and the
dream woman was tiny. Betty was big, well-built,
too, whereas the woman was childlike, almost frag-
ile.

He supposed Betty’s resemblance to the dream
woman was partly responsible for his attraction to
her, and it was possible, he reflected, that because
he had realized this he had rushed into this marriage
with a girl he hardly knew.

Ordinarily, he thought things over deliberately
before he did anything important, but this one time
he had acted almost spontaneously, almost as though
he didn’t want to analyze with cold logic his mo-
tives. He had met Betty and fallen in love with her
immediately, and because they were both young and
alone and desperately in love they had married
within the week. They spent their two-day honey-
moon in Chicago, and only yesterday had returned
to his room, where they would live until they found
an apartment.

John struggled to full consciousness and sat up
in bed. Betty had been gone from the room for a
long time. He wondered where she could be. He
looked round the room. Yes, her suitcase still lay
on the floor by the window. He lay back and re-
laxed, lighting a cigarette and puffing on it, blow-
ing the grey smoke at the ceiling. He heard run-
ning footsteps up the stairs and along the hall
toward his room.

Betty entered the room, carrying a small box
which she sat on the floor near her suitcase. ‘‘Hi
sleepyhead,’’ she called gaily. ‘‘You were sound
asleep, so I went back to my room to get the rest
of my things.’’ She mussed John’s hair playfully,
and bent to kiss him.

John drew her down on the bed and kissed her
passionately, with a fierce possessiveness, holding
her tight in his arms.

‘‘Lay-a-bed,’’ she teased. ‘‘I’ve been up for
an hour. I paid the landlady and told her I
wouldn’t be back, packed all the rest of my things
and brought them over here, and all in the time you
caught your last forty winks.’’ She kissed his nose,
laughing.

John held her close to him and smiled at her,
stroking her lovely hair and her throat, feeling
wonderfully happy and full of his great love for
her. He drank in her loveliness with his eyes,
grateful to her for bringing him such joy and hap-
piness. She was his, his very own, and his hap-
piness in loving her was greater because he had
never had anyone before whom he could give his
love. He had always been alone, before, but now
he had Betty, and he felt somehow that he had al-
ways had her, that she had always been his, that
she had always been waiting for the mystic magic
moment when they would meet and unite.

She kissed him softly. ‘‘I love you, John,”’
she whispered.

“I love you, too, honey,’’ he said gruffly, hold-
ing her tight.

“But,’’ she said, taking his arms from around
her and pushing them to the bed, ‘‘but now you’d
better get up and we’ll have breakfast. I have a
million things to do.’’

He smiled at her lazily. ‘‘What important
things could you possibly have to do?’’

She flopped down on the floor beside the box
and suitcase. ‘‘Well,’’ she said slowly, ‘‘first of
all I have to decide what I want to throw away and
what I want to keep. I’ve been saving things for
years, but now that I’m your blushing bride there
may be some things I won’t want to keep any
longer.’’

‘‘Such as mementos of some of your former
boy-friends?’’ he said, teasing.

Betty laughed. “‘No, I don’t think I’ve kept
anything like that.’’ She turned back to the box
and opened it, rummaging through it, putting
some things on a pile to one side, clucking to herself
over some little thing which brought a pleasant
memory.

John watched her, smiling. Her happiness and
gayety were infectious. He had always been too
somber, much too serious, anyway, but now all that
would change, for he had Betty.

She took from the box a small album and,
jumping up, took it to John and sat beside him on
the bed. ‘I almost forgot I had this, it’s been so
long since I looked through the box,”’ she said.

‘What is it?’’ John asked lazily.

“Just an old album I’ve had for years and
years,’’ she said. ‘‘I thought you might like to
see some pictures of me when I was a child.’’

He kissed her. ‘‘You’re hardly more than a
child now.”’

“I’m only two years younger than you,’’ she
said, pouting.

"That's what I said. You’re hardly more than
a child, now.’’ Betty stuck her tongue out at him.

J ohn opened the album, which lay on Betty’s
lap. ‘‘“Who’s this?’’ he asked, pointing to a picture
of a middle-aged couple.

‘“They’re Mother and Daddy,”’ she said. ‘‘ Well,
not my real parents, I was adopted. They raised
me after my mother died. I always called them
Mother and Daddy, though. Oh! And that’s Mother
holding me,’’ she said. ‘‘That was right after they
took me to live with them.’’

“You must have been awfully young?’’ John
asked.

“I was. Mother died in childbirth, so when I
left the hospital I went right to live with Mother
and Daddy. They wanted a child, but couldn’t
have any, so when they heard about me, they made
arrangements to adopt me.”’

“Was your father dead, too?’’ John asked.

“Oh, yes. He died four months before I was
born. He was killed in an auto wreck, so I never
knew either of my parents. I’ve always wanted to
know about them, of course,’’ she went on, ‘‘but
Mother and Daddy were So good and kind to me
that I eventually forgot about my real parents.”
She turned the page. ‘‘Oh, that’s Daddy and me
in front of our home. I was about seven then, I
think. Don’t I look like the typical tom-boy with
my hair pulled fiat, and the pigtails?’’

“‘Pigtails? I don’t see any,’’ John said.

‘‘Well, of course you can’t see them, but I have
them, anyway.”’

“I like you better without them,’’ he said.

“That’s Daddy’s sister Esther. She lives in
Janesville.’’ Betty turned the page and touched a
picture. “That’s my mother, my real mother,
taken in the garden behind her home, just before I
was born.’’

John saw the picture. He felt as though he
had been struck dumb. He hardly heard Betty
chattering away. There! There on that page, was
his dream woman! The woman whose image had
haunted him all these years, and she stood just as
he always saw her in his dreams. She wore the
severe, plain black dress, and she was standing in a
garden by a rose-arbour, just as he always saw her.
She was even waving good-bye to someone, her hand
raised in a farewell gesture, a look of sadness and
pity upon her face. It was impossible! It couldn’t
be true! He tore the album from Betty’s hands and
looked closer, unable to believe his own eyes.

‘‘John!’’ Betty exclaimed, frightened. ‘‘John,
what is it? What’s wrong?”’

‘Who is this woman?’’ he gasped, choking with
emotion, unable to speak clearly.

It’s my mother,’’ Betty answered. ‘‘I just told
you.”

“But I know her,’’ he eried, ‘‘I know this
woman! Her face has haunted me for over ten
years. I used to see her face in my dreams, and she
was always standing in just this position, she al-
ways wore just these clothes, she was waving
good-bye... !”

“But you couldn’t know her,’’ Betty said.
“It’s impossible.”’

John turned the pages like a madman, looking
for another picture of her, anything that would
give him a clue, tell him why her face always
haunted his memory, and then he saw the house,
and piece by piece he began to remember the things
which had always eluded him before in the dreams.
He remembered standing in front of the house, look-
ing back at the woman who was waving farewell to
him from the garden. She was trying terribly to
keep from crying, but John could sense that this
was something awful and terrifying that was hap-
pening to him, and he began to cry, tried to run
back to the woman, but the man took hold of him
and wouldn’t let him go. And then, as if it had
been only yesterday, he remembered the man speak-
ing to him, saying, “‘It’s all right, sonny, don’t ery.
Your mommy’s only going to the hospital. She’s
going to pick out a little baby sister for you. We'll
bring you home again when your mother comes
back from the hospital, don’t cry,’’ but John kept
on crying and crying, he couldn’t stop; he didn’t
want his mother to go away, not even to bring him
home a little baby sister, and he started to sob con-
vulsively and scream and scream, and then the man
put him in the ear and drove away.

"John, John, sweetheart, what is it?’’ Betty
asked, frightened by John’s sobs. He was breath-
ing heavily, looking at Betty wildly as though he
had never seen her before, staring at her with such
horror that she was confused and terrified. ‘‘ What
in God’s name is it, John? What is it?’’ she sobbed,
but John couldn’t answer her, couldn’t do anything
but stare at her in horror, and then he fell sobbing
onto the bed and buried his face in his hands,
calling again and again ‘‘Mother! Mother!’’
