---
id: "150"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness is Just a Dog Called SNOOPY

Snoopy Finds a Wreath

Another one of those little gulps in life that
occasionally overtakes all of us happened to Snoopy
last Veterans’ Day. Musing over his own canine
universe, he was interrupted in his thoughts by
former editor, Joe Corvi.

‘‘Have you been up on Center, lately, Snoopy ?”’

“No, why?’’ wondered ‘Snoopy. “What’s up
on Center?”

“Nell sald Corvi. lf you trot right up,
you'll see something that never happened before.
And never would have, if it weren’t for the kind
of man Mr. Banmiller is!”

Intrigued, Snoopy four-footed it to the Center
. . . and that is when he gulped.

Warden Banmiller had cared enough to ee a
handsome wreath over the large plaque honoring
the many former inmates who gave their lives in
defense of this country.

Zietz Rhymes with Zeitz

So many of the men here at Eastern have been
mispronouncing the name of one of the subs on the
Reliable A. C. Softball Team that Snoopy, as an act
of charity, agreed to help rectify the matter.
Second-string outfielder Harry Zietz’s name rhymes
with bites, as in the expression, ‘‘Bites there a dog
with soul so dead, who never to himself has said,
‘I love you for detrimental reasons.’ ”

Johnses Other Wifes

Snoopy knows a fellow who puts his s’s where
they don’ts belong. They call hims ‘‘Johnses’’

Interviewed by Snoopy for a reports, eee
says, ‘‘I can’t understands it. They puts the s’s on
my names, and everybodys knows you don’t talks
that ways.’’

And with that, he scratched his noses in
consternations!

Treetop Turner Goes Home

37 years old, with 11 years served for a crime
he did not commit, Aaron Treetop Turner was re-
leased by Court Order the morning of June 19th.
The big man was nattily dressed, soft-spoken and
courteous in leaving, but Snoopy discerned the sub-
dued tremor and uneven breathing.

"Did you ever give up hope?” he asked Tree-
top.

"No, not really,’’ the gentleman replied, ‘‘but
I was convicted and sentenced to death five times
with nine dates of execution set, and a lot of times
I wished I was dead. I laid over at Holmesburg
for 10 years awaiting the chair. It was torment day
and night.’’ 

Snoopy cut the interview short out of respect
for a man who had somehow held up through 11
years of hell. Aaron’s control during what must
have been an emotion-fraught experience involving
both joy and anxiety in being dressed and signed out,
was a thing to admire. After all, it is not everyday
a man passes from death to life...

WHAT Do You Say to a Ghost? ane

According to Dave Howard, absolutely nothing!
Story goes like this:

Seems Dave was. sitting in the living room of a
house in Woodbury, New Jersey. On the north side
of the room, looking out on the Jersey Turnpike, is
a sheer drop of some 20-22 feet; thus Dave was
genuinely flabbergasted to surprise a man in a uni-
form looking at him through the window. Im-
pulsively, he wheeled a book end at the man, which
crashed through an upper pane, bringing the whole
family on the run.

“What happened, what’s wrong?’’ they asked
breathlessly.

A guy . . . im a uniform ... was peeping... in
that window. I know it’s impossible, but I saw
him,’’ Dave blurted out.

“In a confederate uniform ?”

“Yeah, come to think of it, it was a confederate
uniform,’’ the mystified Dave replied.

With that, one of the small children matter-of-
factly commented, ‘‘Oh, that,’’ and the family
turned and trooped out.

Dave flew after them. ‘‘What do you mean,
‘Oh, that.” What’s a guy in Confederate uniform
doing out there anyhow?’’ he sputtered.

“Oh, that’s just our ghost.’’

‘‘Just our ghost... !

‘‘Don’t worry, he’s a beneficial ghost.’’

Dave swears that he saw the figure on two other
occasions . . . once in his own bedroom where the
ghost sat rocking in a chair before his very eyes.

“What did I say to him? Nothing. He
wasn’t bothering me and I sure wasn’t about to both-
er him!’’

Howard, known to be a total abstainer, swears
it’s all recorded about a Confederate Ghost in the
Historical Society of Woodbury, New Jersey. Or
was that the ... Hysterical Society?

Who Runs Last, Lasts Best 

In the opinions of Clarence Miles and Henry
Nichols:

‘Trish runs the best in the 100 yard dash of
anyone we ever saw. He has all the right express-
ions! He’s got ‘oomph’. And he gives it all the
effort he’s got. You have to give the little guy
eredit!’’

Talent-wise, Snoopy gives the ‘‘Big I’’ all the
credit in the world... for being a gifted cartoonist,
and wonders why Irish doesn’t try to market his
stuff. It is really good.

Wot Hoppened!

From Mr. Phillippe, via correspondent Lou
Biancone, straight to Snoopy comes this, the latest
episode in the new life of ‘‘Grouchy Gump’’, former
D-5887.

A recently commuted Lifer, Grouchy Gump ac-
cepted a cashier’s draft in lieu of cash at time of be-
ing signed out. Gump’s earnings over his many
years spent in prison were involved. But when he
attempted to cash the check ... it bounced! The
figures were slightly blurred.

Gump asked the bank to call up the authorities
here at the pen. For some reason, the bank refused.
Said Gump plaintively, ‘‘Look here, fellows. I’ve
been out of circulation for the last 18 years. I don’t
know what’s happening!”

Nevertheless, Gump had to hot-foot it back to
the institution, supposedly to obtain a new check.
This time, however, he asked for something every-
body can understand: that good green American
cash!

Snoopy Remembers the Doctor

Born 12-6-1872 in Clinton, N. J., graduate of
University of Pennsylvania, Class of 1898, and, to
the very end, tastefully dapper and dignified, Nath-
aniel S. Yawger, M. D., Psychiatrist here, passed
away quietly in his sleep during the night of June
2nd. Formerly Medical Supt. to Burn Brae Hospi-
tal for Nervous and Mental Diseases; Consulting
Neurologist to the Norristown State Hospital; Com-
mitting Physician, Psychopathic Dept., Philadelphia
Hospital; and on the teaching staff of the Jefferson
Medical College (to mention a few of his many one-
time posts) . .. Dr. Yawger climaxed his life in
years spent working with the inmates under mental
observation at E. S. P.

Snoopy had a special regard for this man and
felt as close to him as he could feel to any civilian
working in the penitentiary. He recalls such say-
ings of the doctor as, ‘‘Fifty per cent of what’s
wrong with my patients could be completely cured
by opening the Front Gate. In too many eases it
is originally the sentences which are unbalanced,
not the prisoners who have to serve them!’’—and,
‘‘There is no substitute for kindness.’’

Perhaps the most unforgettable experience con-
cerning the good doctor happened in 1951 when
Snoopy clerked for him. It seems Snoopy had done
some research and typing he was rather proud of.
The doctor thought the job an excellent one, said so,
then smiled and asked for a glass of water. But the
water wasn’t for drinking! What happened when
Snoopy was asked to insert his paw into the water,
then pull it out again, you can guess.

“You’d never know you had even been there,
would you, Snoopy ?’’

Snoopy muttered, ‘‘Rats to you, too, Sir.’’
