---
id: "153"
title: "The Visiting Shoes"
author: "McNEAIR, Joseph 'GI'"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0033.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Visiting Shoes
by JOSEPH McNEAIR

“Hey, Runner,’’ the Guard yelled. ‘‘Is Vance
in his cell? If he is... tell him to get ready. He’s
got a visit!’’

A visit rates very high with the fellows and,
as a rule, everyone is anxious to pass good as well as
bad news along, so naturally the Runner didn’t lose
any time. ‘‘You got a visit, Vance,’’ he yelled down
the long stone and steel corridor.

“O.K.,”? came the faint reply. ‘‘I’ll be right
there just as soon as I get ready.”’

Ten minutes later, after taking a quick shower,
Vance reached for his shoes, thinking aloud as he
put them on... ‘*They don’t look too bad but there’s
a little dust.’’ Eagerly he began to look around
the cell for his shoe rag, still talking to himself,
“Everything’s got to be just right today ... this is
my big day. Wonder who it is? I’m almost sure
it’s my mother or wife... maybe it’s both of them.’’

He flicked the rag once more at the last of the
dust on the shoes, stepped out of his cell, looked
down at his feet. ‘‘Boy,’’ he muttered aloud to
himself, ‘‘my shoes sure look good. They’re shining
like glass.”’

He hurried through the cell block and headed
for the main corridor which led to the Visiting
Room. ‘‘Hey-Hey,’’ some of the passing inmates
called in mock surprise. ‘‘Must have a visit, huh,
Vance? See you got your shoes all shined up.’’

Vance just smiled and nodded his head at their
salutations. Did it matter what the fellows did or
thought? Especially on his visiting day?

He didn’t stop when he came to the twin
mirrors in the main corridor, but he got an excellent
view of himself and it gave Vance a good, warm
feeling of self-satisfaction. He looked real neat...
especially his shiny black shoes.

Vance half-ran across the prison yard and
quickly, almost impatiently, opened the door to the
Visiting Room.

‘‘What’s your number?’’ the Guard asked.

“H.2142,’’ Vance replied as he peered anxiously
through the glass and heavy, steel, wire-mesh screen.
His searching eyes found his mother’s face and he
waved while she hurried across the crowded room.
Then Vance sat down on the low stool behind the
waist-high, wooden partition and tried to out-holler
the fellows sitting on either side.

A half hour later, Vance felt the Guard’s hand
tap him lightly on the shoulder. He knew that it
meant his time was up and for a moment he re-
belled inwardly. Inaudibly he screamed to him-
self... ‘‘I’m not finished yet! I haven’t accom-
plished anything!’’ But he clamped his teeth to-
gether, fighting to gain control of his emotions.

‘‘Good-bye, Mom,’’ Vance said as he stood up
behind the high partition. ‘‘I’ll see you next
month, O.K.?’’

Then Vance turned and hurried out the door.
‘‘Mom couldn’t even see my shoes,’’ he thought.
‘‘I could have been barefooted. What difference
would it have made... ”’
