---
id: "154"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "3"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1957_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
To the Editor:

Since you welcome ideas and suggestions from readers,
may we call your attention to the work of Mr. Joe Paull who
is doing a tremendous job in helping inmates, regardless of
their national origin or religious beliefs.

Joseph M. Jowett
Leo McMahon

Dear Leo and Commissioner:

We are pleased to receive your note and assure you
that the work of Mr. Paull has not escaped notice. Both
Marty Orenstein and Johnny Wallis have discussed with
me the possibility of ECHO doing a special feature on this
inmate benefactor. Tentatively, we have scheduled such
an article for appearance in our Winter 1957 issue. We,
too, feel that Mr. Paull deserves the attention of this maga-
zine. Thank you for your interest.

Editor
Dear Bob:
Your Summer, 1957 edition just arrived and I have
only one comment ____ and it is very sincere ____

“If you fellows continue, Bob Neese and the PRESIDIO
gang face a real challenge to their spot of the nation’s top
walled-in monthly!’

I hope you are doing something to ‘‘up’’ your outside
paid circulation. Your words should be read by more than
a limited readership.

All the best,
Don Lowry, Editor
THE SPECTATOR

Dear Jesse (Poetry Editor):

Have just read your poem and all that I can say is
‘‘wonderful,’’ superb and marvelous. I really adore poetry
and I used to write it myself while in school.

I think the EASTERN ECHO is a wonderful magazine.
I like all the articles and stories, particularly ‘‘No Hits,
No Runs, One Error.’’ I would be very happy to subscribe

will send my remittance shortly. My favorite line in
your poem is in the seventh verse—‘‘Through my barred and
granite window I witnessed God in Heaven speak.’’ You
are indeed very talented. Keep up the good work.

Mildred Bates

Dear Mildred:

Your appreciation of our efforts is gratefully received
and acts as an inspiration towards better material. As a
tribute to your kindness, the poem on page 19 is hereby
dedicated to you.

Poetry Editor

Dear Sir:

After my busy workday yesterday, there were, beside
my place at the table, Time Magazine, The Wall Street Jour-
nal, a brand new Good Housekeeping and THE EASTERN
ECHO. Which did I read first? Your prison magazine!
You always do a good job but the articles on pages 4
(Summer Tssue—Profile of the Point System) and 24 (The
Voice of Criminology) were especially progressive and en-
lightening! I show it to everyone who comes here... am
enclosing a check for (another) subscription. How about
selling the ECHO at the door or the desk to visitors? I’m
sure many of them would be interested.

Mrs. William J. Morris

Philadelphia
Dear Editor:
.. .ECHO is one of the best. You’re forging a bit
further out in front with every issue. ‘‘Death in Iowa’’

touched me deeply. It is a tribute worthy of my good
friend, Tom Runyon—just the sort he might have written of
someone else. ‘‘Cage One’’ is impressive

B. Ray Barbour

Dear Editor:

Just finished the Summer issue of EASTERN ECHO.
What can I say? I’m amazed at the professional quality
of the writing, composition and the subjects selected to print.
I am a Union Printer now, and classified as a Journeyman,
so perhaps I do know a little of style, composition, and type.
The whole magazine is in excellent taste and makes for in-
teresting reading, the voice of the magazine will reach
many ears and perhaps will lead to a fuller understanding of
OUR problems, and also will be a means of our under-
standing the problems of administration that Mr. Banmiller
and his aides are encountering in so many things.

Your editorials are still tops, and the comment of my
friends is ‘‘How in the world do guys like that get in prison.’’
I was so very pleased with the comments made about ‘‘Big
Boys Don’t Cry’’ in your letters to the Editor.

Some of these days, Bob, I want to sit down and write
you on readjustment. There is so much to say, and no one
can realize its importance until he experiences the trials and
tribulations of readjusting (to the free world). It may be
news to you that I lost my voice completely through nerves
the first week home. I was full of doubts ... had
absolutely no confidence in myself. I owe much to Rev.
Anthony Vasquez and to the confidence my wife had in me,
which, with the continued encouragement of Mr. Banmiller
has made me the complete man once more.

My work has been going along beautifully ... just
received a $5.00 raise. My employers have been patient,
kind and understanding, and have given me every opportu-
nity to make good. Am on a 5 p.m. to 1 am. shift, so it
gives me all day home with my daughter and wife — we
expect another Murphy sometime in December (I won’t say
a boy, but I’ll settle for anything just so it’s healthy.)

Remember me to everyone. Good luck, continued suc-
cess and God bless you, Bob.

I hope He lets you come home real soon.

Francis Murphy
(Staff Writer)
Dear Bob:

Wonderful cover, touching without being sentimental.
Good articles although that Point System seems a little
over-indulgent to me. By that I mean: after sentencing
it would be excellent, but to continue it to further misdoing
is something in the class with the perpetual neurotic who
never completes his analysis because he really doesn’t have
to. Psychologically, there is nothing like necessity.

B. Schwartz
Dear Berta:

Knowing you are a Commercial Artist makes us all the
more proud of your opinion of the work of Art Editor, Jim
Morrison. We have long ago realized that no artist in the
Penal Press Circuit gets into his work the message that Jim
always conveys to our readers.

Editor

Following are extracts from a letter sent to Billy Wright
by Dr. Josephine Roberts. Because they concern ECHO,
Billy thoughtfully copied them from his letter for reprint
here:

Thank you very much for sending ECHO. I was struck
by the high quality of the make-up, writing and art. Hav-
ing been adviser to numerous student publications, I expected
something more amateurish and was really surprised at the
professional quality of this. I found the articles informative
and thought-provoking. If you have a chance, please con-
gratulate the editor and his staff on a splendid job done.

The material is exceptionally good.
