---
id: "164"
title: "Profile"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Robert D. Heinemann

PROFILE .......

At 3:30 A.M. one night in the summer of 1955,
two night patrol officers flashed their lights along the
cobble drive on the north side of Hastern State Pen-
itentiary. As they walked briskly along, the cob-
bles gave way to the dirt of the ball diamond and
finally to the studded wood of the giant truck scale
just off the platform of the Storehouse. Here they
stopped and aimed their lights at the base of the
Storehouse building, As if to meet their beams, two
small cellar windows, dirty yellow and laced with
bars, dimly glowed in the heavy summer night air.

‘‘He’s still down there,’’ muttered the smaller
of the two.

“How about that!’’ his partner replied.
‘‘Twenty-one days and nights without relief! With
Chief Engineer Riley on vacation and the machinery
breaking down all the time, they say if he lets up all
the food’1l spoil.’’

The smaller one nodded, scratched the side of
his head with his flashlight, ‘‘ Well, Riley’ll be back
tomorrow and all I got to say is, he just isn’t going
to believe what Charlie Thornton did.’’

As they padded softly away from the Ice Plant
windows, inmate Charles Thornton stretched up his
heavy six foot frame, but stopped painfully short as
the hook of over-strained muscles in his back caught
him. His vision clouded and his head spun. The
fatigue he felt was so heavy that he had difficulty
focusing his eyes. Perhaps he could afford another
ten to fifteen minute nap in his chair... . and, thank
God, this was the last night of it!

The next day, the three week epic did end and
Charles Thornton stumbled to his cell and sank wear-
ily in a heap on his cot.

This afternoon I talked with this inmate. I
talked with his overseer, Chief Engineer Riley.
From Thornton I received a modest account. But
Mr. Riley was beside himself with praise. The
whole story goes something like this: :

Charles Thornton entered E.S.P. in March 1954
to serve a term of 314 to 10 years imposed in Dela-
ware County on charge of Burglary. Hired by Mr.
Riley in the Ice Plant, he was a complete greenhorn
as far as ice making was concerned. But a strange
thing happened: inside of 18 months,—that is, by
the time of the great breakdown incident—Thornton
had learned refrigeration just about from A to Z.
He dug out library textbooks; he absorbed the books
owned by Mr. Riley. He experimented and tink-
ered, repaired and overhauled to learn the practical
end of the business, all under skilled supervision.
Lastly, as he puts it,‘‘I was never afraid to ask ques-
tions. As far as the mechanical end of it, I was all
right; but on the ammonia receiver and ammonia
condenser, I needed special help. I bothered Mr.
Riley with my questions and I’m sure grateful the
Night Engineer, Mr. McLaughlin, had the patience
to put up with me.’

Mr. Riley states that he went ‘‘all out’? in
helping Thornton learn the trade of refrigeration
for the simple reason that he couldn’t do anything
else in the face of this inmate’s drive and eagerness
to learn. Says Riley, ‘‘Thornton’s application to
his job is unsurpassed. Today, he knows it from the
bottom up and I definitely believe that he is quali-
fied to operate any ice plant on the outside, of a
similar capacity to ours—25 ton per day.”

The Ice Plant at E.S.P. consists of an ammonia
brine system. Ammonia being in its natural state
a gas, for refrigeration purposes is contained under
high pressure as a liquid. Upon expansion, or the
opening of what is commonly called an expansion
valve, the escaping gases have a temperature ap-
proximately 28 degrees below zero. This extremely
cold gas is piped through coils submerged in brine.
The brine, in a transfer of coldness, is then pumped
through various refrigerators—7 large walk-in jobs
seattered throughout the institution—bringing about
the transfer of heat. The brine, in turn, in return-
ing to the Ice Plant goes through the same cycle.

The ammonia gas temperature being tempo-
rarily raised through contact with the brine returns
to compressors and is compressed to a still higher
degree and then cooled, going back to the original
state of liquid. - Roughly, this is the ee of. events
in an ammonia brine system.

The 25 ton per day capacity of our WON Plant
actually is broken down to 90% box refrigeration
(or refrigerator conditioning—those seven big jobs).
This leaves only 10% for the ice making, but if the
entire capacity of the Ice Plant, operating on a theo-
retical 100% efficiency, were converted to the mak-
ing of ice only, then 25 ton could be made per day.
In brief, this is a picture of the size operation
Charles Thornton is qualified to run! And remem-
ber that this inmate knows the entire maintenance of
the plant, including complete overhauling of the
three five-by-five, eight ton compressors!

Thornton gives the following account of his
1955 saga:

‘‘Mr. Riley left on his vacation. I was operat-
ing the three compressors alone when they began to
take turns freezing up. I located the immediate
cause in the float valves on the individual compres-
sors and through these failing to hold the ammonia
back, ammonia flooded each compressor so that they
froze up and stopped. What I mean is, both of two
intake and both of two exhaust valves froze in each
case, and the pistons froze to the cylinder walls.

“In a period of 21 days and nights, these three
compressors froze 70 to 75 times and I had to over-
haul each compressor as many times. Since two
compressors had to be kept going at all times, to
prevent food spoilage in the refrigerators, it meant
I was working on one compressor all the time. I
worked from one to another, you understand—I
didn’t have the time to trouble-shoot the entire
system myself.

‘‘It’s true I slept in fifteen minute snatches in
my chair. I couldn’t leave the system, even for a
minute,’’ Thornton added.

At the close of my interview, I asked Thornton
if he was ready to take an examination for licensing
purposes in refrigeration.

“Yes," he answered. ‘‘The examination is
probably pretty stiff, but I think I’m ready. And
with 21% years experience behind me now, I think
with just a short time for going over the layout of
an Ice Plant—they each have their differences, you
know—I think I could handle any one of a capacity
approximating the one here at the penitentiary.’’
But as Mr. Riley previously stated—we have no
doubts whatever but that Charlie Thornton could
do just that!

I am not quite sure I know what is meant by the
word rehabilitation, but whatever it means, this
quiet, presentable 86 year old man who has spent
his servitude mastering a tough trade—refrigera-
tion—certainly qualifies as a rehabilitated inmate.
And an outstanding job of rehabilitation at that.
When he is eventually returned to his home in
Chester, Pa., where there are three or four ice plants
in operation, I am sure that he can put his knowledge
of the refrigeration field to productive and prof-
itable use.

The ECHO is proud to profile such men as
Charles Thornton.
