---
id: "165"
title: "Report on Group Counseling"
author: "Winkler, Albert"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
REPORT ON GROUP COUNSELING

by Albert Winkler

Let’s face it: everyone has a problem, or is a
problem to himself... fighting himself .. . fighting
his environment ... fighting his battle alone, so he
thinks,

No one need be alone in fighting any problem
which is devouring his better sense and/or nature.
(Most everyone has a good side, if only it were ad-
mitted.) Group Counseling will tend to help any
member solve his problem and recognize his place
in the scheme of things as they are. He can help
himself into a recognized place in the scheme of
things as they are.

All this is accomplished by frank discussion of
individual problems, as soon as any member becomes
free in mind to the extent that he knows no harm
can come to his way of thinking. There is no set
rule by which he can become free of inhibitions;
it comes ‘‘natural’’, as natural as life itself. A
frank discussion on any subject matter brought up
within the group tends to free his mind of fear.
The only thing that hurts any individual’s way of
thinking is fear itself.

It is possible that many of us do not understand
the wording of — the sense of — any article dealing
with the subject of Group Counseling. This is an
understandable thing. Because of this possibility,
then, let me make my point absolutely clear: before
any member of a group volunteers to bring his pet
fear, gripe or problem into group focus, he can and
does listen to others in the group — others who,
having become accustomed, or used to, the impartial
discussions under way, have cast all fear aside and
become natural again.

This listening to other peoples’ gripes, fears and
problems has a good effect upon the newcomer in the
group. It opens up possibilities within his own
mind — possibilities to the effect that perhaps his
own problems can also be solved when brought into
the light of group focus. Such voluntary action
also tends to help him whenever he feels tongue-tied,
as in the ease of all of us who someday must come
face to face with one aspect of prison life: the con-
tact, say, with Boards of Parole and/or Classification,
and Staff Boards for parole and commutation.
