---
id: "166"
title: "Conversation: Penal Press Quotes, For Consideration, For the Echo Record"
author: "unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CONVERSATION
Penal Press Quotes

From THE J-C-MO NEWS, Jefferson City, Mis-
souri, we have the following by 8S. N. REESE:

‘‘How many times I have punished myself for
the abysmal stupidity which brought me here. And
I was no great success! I had no reputation; only
a few friends and my immediate family knew me;
I certainly had no extraordinary gifts or intelli-
gence at stake. Imagine how Oscar Wilde must
have felt, with his genius, his wealth, his interna-
tional renown—cast into prison after that unfor-
tunate nonsense with Lord Douglas, to lose every-
thing. Francois Villon, perhaps the top poet of
15th century France, who, at the height of his em-
inence, was sentenced to die a common thief. Paul
Marie Verlaine, the toast of the literary elite, the
darling of intellectuals, who, in a drug crazed argu-
ment, shot a friend and awoke sentenced to three
years in one of Europe’s bleakest dungeons. The
Marquis de Sade, blood-royal and one of the more
original novelists of the 18th century, who had the
distinction of being sentenced to natural life by
Emperor Napoleon himself. The great Will Shake-
speare, who, on the eve of the most brillant career
the world has ever seen, was ignominiously im-
prisoned for, of all things, stealing deer from a
private game reserve. Mr. Ezra Pound, unques-
tionably among the finest minds of this century and
a poet par excellence whose avant garde innovations
changed the course of poetry—his complicity in the
Nazi movement of World War II cost him all, his
sanity in the bargain, he is still trying to extricate
himself. Michaelangelo Merisi, known to posterity
as Caravaggio and considered by many to be the
father of modern art, was one day knighted and the
next, relieved of his honors and consigned to a pris-
on cell for assault with intent to kill. Court paint-
er to the King of Spain, Francisco Goya was reduced
to poverty, imprisoned again and again, and hound-
ed to his grave for the triple slaying of three drink-
ing cronies. Paul Gaugin, of the French School,
was twice belabored with prison terms. Likewise
have Gustave Courbet, O. Henry, Richard Lovelace,
Voltaire, Andrea Del Sarto, H. D. Thoreau, Edgar
Poe, Benvenuto Cellini, Maurice Utrillo, and other
great minds, been broken on the rack of penal
servitude.

‘‘In the face of such genuinely momentous
tragedies, perhaps I should stop brow-beating my-
self. After all, WHO is S. N. Reese?”’
ED: At one time enemies of society, yet among
the greatest contributors to the same—paradoxical?

From PENSCOPE, via THE AGENDA, Walla
Walla, Washington:

‘‘Many long term prisoners in Belfast, Ireland,
are going to get summer vacations for morale im-
provement .... For five years the prisoners have
been paroled for Christmas at home, and all have re-
ported back to jail, so authorities have decided to
try a one-week vacation for most felons serving
more than three years.

‘‘Prison authorities in Belfast are now consider-
ing an extension of their parole system as an aid to
rehabilitation of first offenders, which would allow
trusty class prisoners to take up free world jobs,
providing they return to prison each night. It was
suggested proper accomodations could be used, lo-
cated in a major city where such groups could be
gainfully employed, to which the men so handled
could report each night while they work outside near
the end of their sentence.”’

ED: How’s your morale? Talk about the
‘‘Luck of the Irish!’’

The RECOUNT, Canon City, Colorado, printed
a set of editorial objectives, the following of which
we thought particularly pertinent for all penal press
publications :

‘‘1. To help each man at some time, somehow.

2. To present ourselves comprehensively,
honestly, understandingly.

3. To supply worthwhile information when-
ever required and available.

4. To exchange IDEAS .... from any man or
woman, on any subject.

To encourage the creative writing of the
men and women who wish to use the RE-
COUNT magazine as a stepping stone to
the future, in their literary and personal
development.

6. To equally be the voice of the MEN SERV-
ING TIME and the ADMINISTRATIVE
PERSONNEL, in relation to each other. .”’
