---
id: "167"
title: "For Consideration"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For Consideration

The following suggestions were submitted to
the Warden and the Staff on January 4th, 1957.

Joseph Reese:
It is evident our present system of buying
commissary is inadequate. Issuance of commissary
books would eliminate much unnecessary paper
work; hence, bring about a more efficient Accounting
Department.

ANSWER: Commissary Books were found to be wanting
and a failure in other institutions. They were
tried in the Federal System and numerous
State Systems such as Illinois and have been
discarded.

Andre Paschedag:
Because of inmate interest in the Prisoners
Welfare Fund, why couldn’t its operations be made
public by the posting of monthly statements and
outlays?

ANSWER: The Fund is directed by the Warden with
approval of expenditures by the Commissioner
of Correction. However, the Comptroller of
the Bureau of Correction consolidates all Wel-
fare Funds from the seven institutions within
the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Correction
for purposes of accumulating higher interest
for the good of all: therefore, it would be
impossible to isolate the precise amount for
Eastern. Outlays are made for such items as
radio maintenance, recreational equipment and
maintenance, band instruments, T.V. sets, the
prison publication, library books, movies, re-
decoration of Chapel, 16 mm Projector and
system, etc.

P. O’Neil:
We have heard so much about replacing our
stripes, but where are the new uniforms?

ANSWER: At present, there are not enough to issue to
all the population. Will be issued as soon as
enough uniforms are available.

Jacob Hoffman:
I have two suggestions. One concerns the lft-
ing of restrictions upon oil painting. It seems to me
that there are perhaps dozens of men who could pass
profitable time in their cells if they were permitted
this creative hobby, painting in oils.

ANSWER: (See Snoopy’s column in this issue. Editor)

The second request concerns magazines which
are of such quality they could pass any censorship,
yet are not permitted in the institution simply be-
cause they are not included in the list of approved
magazines. Couldn’t permission be granted for
individual subscriptions to such magazines as the
occasions arise?

ANSWER: One hundred and fifty magazines are thought
to be sufficient.

Carl Heffron:
George Tucker:
Both men asked substantially the same question:
George requested permission for inmates to purchase
typewriters for use in the cells. Carl asked why
such permission could not be granted.

ANSWER: NO COMMENT.
