---
id: "168"
title: "Read Into the Echo Record"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
READ INTO THE ECHO RECORD

Through the courtesy of E. R. Cass, Editor of
the AMERICAN JOURNAL OF CORRECTION,
the following excerpts are reprinted here from the
Presidential Address by Myrl E. Alexander, Assist-
ant Director United States Bureau of Prisons, which
appeared in that journal:

‘‘Men who violate the laws by which we main-
tain an orderly society must be restrained and de-
terred from further acts against the common good.
In our times we restrain through the instrumental-
ities of probation, imprisonment, and parole. In
administering these restraints, we must be guided
by one cardinal principle: Coequal with the duty
to restrict liberty is the responsibility to free men’s
minds. We can detain, we can restrain—but we
cannot destroy. No other conclusion is possible
when we measure the responsibilities of corrections
against the backdrop of today’s world. Because
whenever we repress or confine the mind of man
anywhere, to that degree we deny and weaken our
way of life.’’ :

And from the same address:

‘... As we reappraise our working principles
and reaffirm our convictions, we must be guided by
what might be called a bill of rights for the person
under restraint in a free, democratic society:

1. The right to clean, decent surroundings with
competent attention to his physical and mental
well being.

2. The right to maintain and reinforce the
strengthening ties which bind him to his family and
to his community.

3. The right to develop and maintain skills as
a productive worker in our economic system.

4. The right to fair, impartial, and intelligent
treatment without special privilege or license for
any man.

5. The right to positive guidance and counsel
from correctional personnel possessed of under-
standing and skill.

‘‘All correctional processes must be measured
against those rights of persons who are under our
custody and control, whether they be on probation,
in the prison or on parole.’’
