---
id: "17"
title: "Themes and Variations"
author: "Raszkiewicz, B. A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THEMES AND VARIATIONS

by B.A. RASZKIEWICZ

The Dance Orchestra and Concert Band in the
past three months have played a full schedule of
Concerts, Variety Shows and Jump Sessions. The
Dance Orchestra is by far the most popular from
the standpoint of attendance by the general popula-
tion. There seems to be a predominance of Swing,
Progressive Jazz and Blues fans in the population.
That is probably the reason for the attendance
generally being poor at the Concert Band Shows.
To illustrate what I mean, during the 4th of July
Field Events, while the Orchestra was setting up,
a plaintive voice from amongst the spectators could
be heard to say, ‘‘Hey! Youse guys ain’t gonna
play no Marches, are ya?’’ A possible solution, I
believe, would be to broadcast over the institution
radio which is possible, let us say, once or twice a
month. This would give the men an opportunity
to listen to both bands when they are otherwise un-
able to attend because of their work or for other
reasons.

* * * * *

The welcome mat was rolled out to welcome
two pro musicians into our organization: Gene (Dr.
Foo) Davis and Alphonso (Laughing Boy) LaRue.
Gene, who is a ‘‘Swinging’’ drummer, vocalist and
crazy mimic, giged around professionally outside ;
played for Dave Redick’s band and also for our
boy, Joe Fatio, in 1946 at the 1601 Club. He fits
right in on drums in the Orchestra to make the
rhythm section a solid swinging unit. The Concert
and Church Bands have improved by his presence
on drums. Alphonso, better known as Al, plays
Saxophone and Clarinet exceptionally well; he also
giged around professionally outside with different
bands and combos. Al took over the Ist Alto in
the Orchestra and since then the Sax section has
improved 33 1/3%. He also plays Clarinet in the
Concert and Church Bands. He is giving yours
truly stiff competition for the Solo Clarinet chair
in the Concert Band. I personally think he has the
edge.

* * * * *

The Church Band, under the baton of Jimmie
Jackson, is doing a wonderful job playing on the
average of two Sundays each month for the
Salvation Army Church Services. All the members
in this band deserve a pat on the back for a job
well done.

* * * * *

JAZZ PERSONALITY IN THE ORCHESTRA:

The Orchestra is very fortunate (for us but not
for him) to have as a member one of the finest Jazz
musicians to enter this Bastille. Wilham (Porky)
Moore, as a piano player, takes a back seat to no
one. I have never heard him play anything in bad
taste. I don’t think he would know how. The
success of the Variety Shows presented here is
largely due to this talented musician’s untiring
efforts accompanying the vocalists and combos.
Porky played piano professionally with the late
Charlie Parker, Jim Oliver, Bass Ashford and had
his own combo. Here is an odd bit of irony for you:
Porky plays guitar in the regular orchestra. How
about that?

* * * * *

A little sage advice to the members of the band.
Each and every member of any musical organization
must strive to play his part to the best of his ability,
no matter how unimportant it may seem to him,
for all parts are essential or they would’t be includ-
ed in the arrangement. The dynamic markings must
be strictly adhered to, as must the tempos and, most
important, the key changes.

* * * * *

Attention, Mr. Brown: Where, oh! where is that
new Baritone Sax? Bailing wire and scotch tape
are hard to get around here.
