---
id: "170"
title: "The Stones Will Cry Out"
author: "Gallagher, Rev. Edwin L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“The Stones Will Cry Out”

By Rev. Edwin L. Gallagher, Catholic Chaplain

Each year the Catholic Church
celebrates the Feast of the Holy
Family. You shouldn't be too
much surprised to find the word
“holy’’ linked with the word
“family’’. Everyone wants a
happy household. A family may,
indeed, be boisterous, playful, but
it won’t be peacefully, truly happy
unless it is holy.

You have of course heard of
the ‘‘un-holy’’ family, the one that
begins in sin, continues in self-made rules of conduct
and frequently ends in divorce—leaving broken
homes, twisted lives and problem children. Were
you raised in such an atmosphere? If you weren’t,
if your parents were faithful to their marriage vows,
then demonstrate your appreciation by a wholesome
way of life. If unfortunately your childhood was
spent in an ‘‘un-holy’’ family, then the least you can
do is to make sure that your children will never suf-
fer as you did.

In observing the Holy Family, you’ll notice that
it was a child-centered family. Note also that its
members did not live in some dream world. They
lived at Nazareth—in an atmosphere so devoid of
culture and refinement and virtue that later one of
the future apostles (Nathaniel) dismissed Our Lord
with the terse comment: ‘‘Can anything good
come out of Nazareth?’’ It’s not the neighborhood
that’s important, it’s the grace of God inside the
four walls that counts.

It is comforting to discover that the Holy
Family was dependent on the labor of Joseph’s
hands to earn its daily bread. Joseph didn’t waste
time and cause heartaches by trying to find short-
cuts to a soft lving. No, he worked to survive.
This they did—in bread and in virtue.

Note the three virtues required for a holy
family life—love, respect and obedience. These
make for unity; and where there is unity, there
can be no selfishness. Where we find a family
practicing these virtues, we find a happy family,
even though many material things may be wanting.
The ultimate foundation of a family’s happiness is
not necessarily to be measured by a giant color T.V.
set. You have met people with bulging pocket-
books and hungry hearts—and pitied them. They
stand sadly in want of a little love and respect and
obedience.

Consider the Holy Family of Nazareth and see
in it your ideal in clear outline. Then it remains for
you to pray for the grace to produce that radiant
ideal in your own family living when you get out.
