---
id: "171"
title: "Planted"
author: "Vasquez, Rev. Anthony F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Planted

By Reb. Anthony F. Wasques, Baptist Chaplain

Are you planted? Believe it
or not, you are.

I recall as a youngster in a
grade school, our teacher reading
to us a poem. A poem which, in
part, I still remember. It told the
story of a little boy whose parents
found him one day, standing
quietly and seriously in the
garden. In one chubby hand he
held a tall sunflower, which he
had pulled out of the ground,
roots and all. His feet were buried in the soft
earth where previously the sunflower had been grow-
ing. The poem concluded with these words:

“We asked our darling what pleased him.
He replied with face aglow:
‘Mother, I am going to be a man,
I have planted myself to grow.’ ”’

In his childish mind he had put two and two
together—and it had added up to ‘‘growth’’. If
the sunflower could grow—so could he.

And so, do we all. For whether it be for good
or for evil—we are all planted. And that which
we become is largely determined by that which
nurtures us.

On one occasion Jesus the Christ said: ‘‘I am
the true vine, ye are the branches.’’ And it was
not surprising that those who were nurtured by
Him as His branches, when the testing time came to
show the courage of their convictions—that even
their enemies could see ‘‘that they had been with
Jesus’’. It was that noticeable!

This is one of life’s irrefutable lessons that we
become like those we admire and listen to. We
become like those we look up to and follow. Do
not “kid’’ yourself, you are planted either to grow
into a fruitful plant or a parasitic weed. If you
want the BEST, listen to and follow the ONE who
said: “I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life.”

How about cultivating your growth?
