---
id: "172"
title: "In Step with the Times: Progressive Parole"
author: "Paschedag, Andre L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
In Step With The Times
PROGRESSIVE
PAROLE

by Andre L. Paschedag

In modern times, particularly under the present
administration, giant strides have been taken in the
direction of ‘‘progressive penology.’’ The many
administrators, psychologists, social workers, cus-
todial personnel, and other adherents of progressive
penology have slowly but inexorably overcome the
dread inertia of the falsely sanctified ‘‘status quo,’’
and this enlightened system of penology is starting
to grow and bear fruit. Fruit in the shape of human
beings, not made snow-white pure or blameless over-
night by some mystical process, but human beings
who have paid a just debt, and who, in the process,
have obtained a new set of values which should
enable them to rejoin society without harm to them-
selves or their neighbors.

I say ‘‘should’’ instead of ‘‘will’ because most
men released from a penal institution must face two
more obstacles to successful rehabilitation after the
penologist has completed his work. The first ob-
stacle is the largely personal problem of peacefully
finding employment, pleasure, security, and the other
accoutrements of civilization, while bearing the
onerous classification of ‘‘ex-con.’’ The second is
the largely public problem of adaptation to the
regulations of a still greatly unprogressive system
of parole. Failure to successfully overcome either
of these problems creates a recidivist, just as failure
to provide proper post-operative treatment creates
an unwell patient or a corpse.

Since the first problem is largely personal, the
public can do very little to help and discussion would
serve no purpose, but the problem of ‘‘unprogressive
parole’’ belongs to society and should be discussed
and acted upon as a public problem. In the hope
that this article may serve as a catalyst for local dis-
cussion, I should like to present the following points
as food for thought upon the subject:

1. The Parole Board should be composed of
members qualified for their positions by formal
training and experience in penology, human rela-
tions, psychology, or other related social sciences.
They should be protected by civil service and free
from the whims and pressures of the patronage or
‘““spoils’’ system of any state government so in-
clined. Members should always be politically in-
nocent so that their actions may not be construed to
reflect the influence of any political power behind
the scenes. Only under such conditions could they
act impartially on the true merits of a case and
safely ignore the pleas or threats of those having
a personal ‘‘axe to grind.’’

In addition to the regular members of the Parole
Board, the Warden or Superintendent of the insti-
tution concerned should have a seat on the board
when an applicant from his institution is being
heard. He should be committed to vote as directed
by the ‘‘Staff Board’’ of the institution, since they
have previously and thoroughly evaluated the ap-
plicant’s record. Only in this manner can the
opinions of those most qualified to appraise the ap-
plicant’s rehabilitation be assured their proper
weight.

The entire Parole Board should be present at
the time applicants for parole are interviewed rather
than a sub-committee of one or two members. The
present system places too much weight upon the
decision of one or two members, while the other
members are personally unacquainted with the case
outside of the sometimes easily misinterpreted
records they have available. Since the decision to
erant or refuse parole is made by the board in its
entirety, it follows that all board members should
hear the applicant. A comparable analogy to the
present system would be a trial in which one-half of
the jury hears the case and reports their version to
the other half before bringing in a verdict.

The Parole Board should not regard itself as
a judiciary instrument, but rather as a Board of
Evaluation, determining the measure of rehabilita-
tion. It is the trial judge’s duty to consider such
factors as the seriousness of the man’s crime, his
previous convictions, his former parole status, and
other sentences pending before passing his sentence.
When the Parole Board bases its action upon any
such factors, it is forgetting its proper function
and is acting as a re-sentencing agency. There-
fore, the Parole Board should base its decision on
such valid factors as the inmate’s conduct, status
of rehabilitation, moral values, previous parole vio-
lations in the case of re-parole, and staff reeommen-
dations, leaving to the judge and jury the power
of determining guilt and proclaiming sentence.

2. Parole regulations should be realistically
interpreted by those concerned, rather than upheld
as an ideal set of commandments which may not be
broken without retribution. Some technical vio-
lations are the result of a too stringent interpre-
tation of the rules; interpretation without humane
tolerance. A man leaving a penal institution can no
more become a paragon of virtue than can the
average member of society. He is still a human
being, still hable to human error and failure. Many
technical violations are the results of infractions
for which the average citizen would go unpunished
or perhaps receive a fine for committing a misde-
meanor. Why should a man, simply because he is
a parolee, be re-committed to serve from one to five
years or more for a similar infraction? Naturally,
some of the regulations must be strictly enforced.
For instance, a parolee failing to report regularly
or moving to another state without permission, has
deliberately violated the conditions of his parole
and should be punished. However, minor lapses in
human conduct should be regarded as human and
treated as such.

3. Parole agents should be fully qualified for
their position in the same manner as members of the
Parole Board. Having within their hands the power
to arbitrarily remove a man from his freedom and
the great responsibility of controlling a man’s life,
they should be paid accordingly. A salary commen-
surate to their responsibility would attract the best
trained men and place them above such emotions
as jealousy of the parolee’s higher earnings and
the possible temptation to augment their income by
other means within their power.

They should regard themselves as “‘parole
agents’’ and not as ‘‘police officers,’’ and seek to
lend a helping hand to the parolee who falters mo-
mentarily in some minor way, rather than regard the
moment as an opportunity to return the man to
prison. Although parole agents are public officers,
their work is highly personal, and they should re-
frain from making the parolee’s life more difficult
by making the fact that he is on parole a subject for
public discussion. A parolee is under a great
enough handicap without telling the world that he
is an ex-convict to be regarded with suspicion,
and he should be treated as the citizen he is trying to
be, not the criminal he was before.

Parole investigations should be conducted more
discreetly than they are at the present. A parole
agent, with the facilities at his command, should
be able to thoroughly investigate a parolee’s life
without informing every neighbor of the fact that
the man is an ‘‘ex-con.’’ Surely such a public pro-
clamation is unnecessary and the same information
could be derived by other means. Could any citizen,
never before in any serious difficulty, live his life in
peace if someone were to expose to all his neighbors
and friends, the skeletons in his closet of the past?
If not, then we cannot expect the parolee to become
a successful citizen under such procedures.

The parole agent’s privilege of entering the
parolee’s home or place of work at any time should
not be abused. Supervision is definitely necessary
but can go to such an extreme it defeats itself. Why
should a parolee be repeatedly submitted to a public
indignity which shames him in front of his fellow
employees and friends? Could any citizen live
peacefully under such conditions? If not, then we
cannot truthfully expect the parolee to become a
proper citizen.

4. The public should be conditioned to try to
accept the parolee on the basis of his present be-
havior, not his past. They should not be expected to
embrace him as a brother, but to allow him to live
among them as they do orher so long as he merits
their tolerance.

One of the great problems faced by the parolee
is the attendant adverse publicity when he is re-
leased from an institution. This is usually the case
when the newspapers or other media represent the
opposing political party, and attempt to create a
political issue in this manner. The publicity is
usually greatly out of proportion in relation to the
newsworthiness of the item. If the newspapers
truly believed that the public should be informed in
screaming headlines that a man has been paroled,
why not go further and inform the public when a
person is released from an insane asylum, tubercu-
losis sanatorium, or venereal disease ward. Such
people, just as the parolee, were at one time danger-
ous to society but have been released as cured, and
are allowed to start their life without poplienye) be-
cause they are not a political issue.

In summary, there is only one major issue.
Progressive penology, with all its Staff Boards,
Treatment Programs, Therapy Classes, Rehabilita-
tion Programs, and the like, cannot be successful in
its alms without a correspondingly progressive pa-
role system. The problem is a public responsibility,
and only the public can initiate action which will
enable the modern penologist to do his work with the
knowledge that his accomplishments will no longer
be undone by an antiquated parole system.
