---
id: "174"
title: "The Young Man Who Smiled"
author: "Shadd, Harold George"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE
YOUNG MAN
WHO SMILED

by Harold George Shadd

Just as the tall young man in the conservative
grey business suit reached the crosswalk, the traffic
light flicked from green to red. The delay caused
a glimmer of annoyance to play fleetingly over his
sharp, handsome features. He glanced briefly at his
watch and then stared resignedly at the traffic
roaring past. His grey eyes followed the swirling
poisonous blue exhaust fumes heavenward until they
found the brilliant June sun burning a cloudless sky.

He sighed deeply and then pulled his handker-
chief from his breast pocket. Casually he dabbed
at the perspiration gathering on his broad forehead.

The light blinked green and he followed the
bustling crowd across the street. He walked more
slowly now, carefully eyeing the numbers above the
entrances to the office buildings. ‘‘1821 ... 1828 .
. . 1325. This is the one,” he thought, and then
strode through the entrance.

His eyes ran quickly over the main foyer and
then found the phone booths tucked against the rear
wall. He turned and walked quickly to the cigar
counter.

‘May I have some change, please?’’ he asked.
His voice was soft with just a hint of the south cares-
sing his words.

‘‘Sure thing, mister,’’ the attendant, an old man
said, and gave the young man some silver coins.

The young man jingled the loose change as he
hurried to the phone booth.

He entered a booth and closed the door. He
seated himself and then pulled a small note book
from an inner pocket. Carefully he studied its
pages and, after finding the number he was hunting,
he inserted a coin and dialed.

He could hear the buzzing ring on the other
end of the line. His fingers drummed a nervous
tattoo on the tiny counter. His lips pursed and
he quietly whistled a nameless tune.

And then the voice.

“Acme Construction Company.’’

“May I speak to Miss Naney Wable?’’ he asked
softly.

"One moment, please.’’

The young man pursed his lips and softly
whistled his nameless tune. He could hear a click
as an extension was plugged into an open line.

‘‘This is Miss Wable speaking.’’

‘‘Miss Naney Wable?’’ the young man asked.

"Yes."

‘‘Miss Wable, you don’t know me but I’m a
friend of Bill Jennings. Went to college together.
Bill thought it would be all right if I called when
I got into town. Sort of introduce myself. I hope
you don’t mind,’’ he said anxiously.

“‘Well...no,’’ the girl replied.

‘‘Good. Look, Miss Wable, I realize you’re prob-
ably quite busy and I don’t want to keep you from
your work. Would... would you have lunch with
me? It would give us more time to talk.’’

‘All right,’’ Miss Wable replied.

And then the young man smiled. He didn’t
know it but Miss Wable was thinking how pleasant
his voice sounded. It would be nice to see what he
looked like.

‘*My lunch hour begins at one o’clock,’’ she said.

“‘Fine,’’ the young man replied. ‘‘I’ll wait for
you in the main foyer.’’ Then the click told him the
line was dead.

He left the phone booth and walked back to the
cigar counter where he bought a package of cigarettes.
He opened the pack, put a cigarette between his lips
and then glanced at his watch.

‘‘Fifteen minutes,’’ he muttered as he flipped his
lighter open. He touched flame and drew the smoke
deep into his lungs. Then the young man pursed his
lips and whistled his nameless tune.

The elevator opened. She wasn’t too tall. Just
the right height and beautifully proportioned beneath
her form fitting business suit. Jet black hair curled
over her forehead and added brilliance to her green-
ish grey eyes.

Her mouth had a perpetually pouting look but as
her eyes met the young man’s gaze, she smiled slightly.

“Miss Wable?’’ he asked, and smiled in return.

"Yes."

“You’re as pretty as Bill said you were. I’m
Bob Hawks.’’

Naney Wable tilted her head slightly and quick-
ly appraised his tall broadness, his curly black hair,
and especially his steady grey eyes with the laugh
wrinkles creasing their edges.

“How do you do,’’ she said as she held out her
tiny gloved hand.

Evidently she liked his appearance.

“Is there any place in particular you’d care to
eat?’’ the young man asked.

‘“There’s a small Italian restaurant just down
the block. It’s quiet and they serve wonderful food,’’
she suggested, and then added, ‘‘Sound all right?’’

‘‘Fine. I always did like Italian food. Shall
we go?”’

The young man opened the door and they stepped
into the swirling rush of humanity that was New
York at lunch time.

As they dodged through the pushing crowd it
was impossible to speak but Nancy became increas-
ingly aware of his nearness. She liked the hard firm-
ness of his hand resting lightly on her arm and his
clean leather-like smell of soap and tobacco.

Her heart beat faster and Nancy knew it wasn’t
entirely caused by lunch time rush.

The restaurant was one of those quaint Italian
replicas that dot the cities. Checkered table cloths
and a roving violinist.

It wasn’t too crowded and they seated themselves
at a table for two, nestled in a corner.

‘Some crowd out there,’’ the young man laugh-
ed. ‘‘Is it always like this?’’

“‘Not always. Just twenty-two hours a day,’’
Nancy laughed.

A waiter hurried over and after taking their
orders returned to the hidden confines of the kitchen.

‘‘You say you are a friend of Bill’s?’’ Naney
asked.

“Yes. We were roommates at Southern. I asked
if it would be all right to call if I ever got to New
York. Bill said he thought it would. So here I am.
And do you want to know something?’’ the young
man asked.

‘“What?’’ Naney asked, playing the game.

‘‘I’m glad, real glad,’’ he said.

Their eyes met and held for a moment, then the
girl averted her gaze slightly and toyed with her
napkin. I’m glad, too, she thought, but asked in-
stead, ‘‘Are you going to be in New York long, Mister
Hawks ?”

‘‘Just for today. I flew up on business but I’ve
got to be back in Port Jarvis tonight. But,’’ he
added hastily, ‘‘I’ll be back in three or four weeks.
Maybe we could take in a show or two and do a
little dancing. Would you mind if I called then?’’

“I think I’d like it,’? Nancy replied softly.

The waiter returned with their orders and as
they ate they discovered how similar their likes and
dislikes were.

"Oh, I’ve got to get back to the office,’’ Nancy
exclaimed suddenly as she glanced at her watch.
“It’s after two.’’

The young man caught the waiter’s eye and
reached for his wallet.

"Will there be anything else, sir?’’ the waiter
asked.

‘‘Our check, please,’’ the young man replied,
and as the waiter departed a worried frown creased
his face. Quickly he groped deeper for his wallet.
His hand hurriedly searched his other pockets.

“What is it?’’ Nancy asked as she realized some-
thing was wrong.

"My wallet .... it's gone!"

The waiter returned and tendered their check on
a small silver tray.

Nancy studied the embarrassed look of disbelief
written so plainly on his face and then she cautiously
extracted a bill from her purse and pressed it into
his hand beneath the table.

The waiter coughed discreetly and then the
young man placed the bill on the tray.

“Thank you, sir,’’ the waiter said as he hurried
away to pay the cashier.

The young man turned to the girl. “‘I...I’m
terribly sorry. I feel like a fool. I... don’t know
what to say. I must have lost my wallet somewhere.”
And then, as if not willing to accept the fact, he be-
gan to search his pockets again.

“It could happen to anyone,’’ the girl replied
sympathetically.

“But... but I ... the very, first time I've
met you. I wanted to make a good impression.’’

"You have,’’ Nancy replied and then added,
“We’d better go now.’’

As they started to rise the young man abruptly
sat down again. ‘‘Oh, no!’’ he exclaimed,

Quickly the girl sat down. ‘‘What’s the matter?
Are you sick?’’ she asked.

‘‘My ticket. My return ticket was in the wallet
and I’ve got to be in Port Jarvis tonight.’’

“You really do things up right, don’t you,”
Nancy said with a twinkle beginning to dance in her
greenish eyes.

"You said it. How could anyone be so stupid.
If I thought it would do any good I’d give myself a
good swift kick.’’

“That wouldn’t help,’’ Naney replied and then
laughter bubbled merrily from her lips.

‘‘You look so embarrassed.”’

‘‘I was and I am,’’ the young man replied.

“What’ll you do now?’’ Nancy asked as she
rested her elbow on the table and cupped her chin
in her hand.

“‘I don’t know. Send a wire for money, I
guess.’’

"You won’t make it to Port Jarvis tonight if
you wait that long. Suppose you let me help. She
opened her purse and withdrew a check book.

‘‘I’m not exactly a millionairess,’’ she said,
‘‘But I can help a friend of a friend.’’

‘“No!’’ the young man exclaimed as he shook his
head. ‘‘Put that away. I’ll wire for money.’’

"But that will take time,’’ Nancy replied as she
began to fill in the blank check. ‘‘And you just
said a moment ago it was important that you be in
Port Jarvis tonight.’’

“Yes... but... ’’ the young man stammered.
“This . . . this is embarrassing as the devil. I
ask you to lunch and then can’t even take care of
the check.’’

“You intended to, didn’t you?’’ the girl asked
as she tore the check from her book.

‘‘Of course,’’ the young man exclaimed.

Nancy smiled and slid the check across the table.

‘‘Take this,’’ she said. ‘‘It should cover your
plane fare and give you a few extra dollars in case
anything else comes up unexpectedly.’’

The young man hesitated, then picked the check
up and glanced at the figure. ‘‘But...Nancy..
I mean, Miss Wable. This is a hundred dollars. It’s
too much. The plane fare is only $54.76.’’ As he
spoke, the young man gazed deeply into her eyes.

It’s ag though he can see my soul, she thought.
She wondered if he could see the fast rhythmic beat-
ing of her heart. ‘‘You said you’ll be back in New
York in three or four weeks,’’ she said. ‘‘You can
repay me then.’’

‘All right, Nan - - I mean, Miss Wable.’’

“You can call me Nancy if you wish,’’ the young
woman smiled and then glanced at her watch. I’ve
got to get back to work,’’ she exclaimed. It’s way
after two already.”’

She rose and as they headed for the door the
young man neatly folded the check and placed it
carefully in his pocket.

The traffic had abated slightly and they were
able to walk side by side as they hurried towards the
building housing the Acme Construction Company.

“Youll call when you get back to New York,
won’t you?’’ Naney asked.

‘‘You bet,’’ the young man replied as they en-
tered the building and then hurried towards the wait-
ing elevator. As Nancy stepped inside, the young
man gave her arm a gentle, reassuring squeeze.

“You’re nice, Nancy. Real nice.’’

Nancy smiled her good-bye and then the doors
shd shut.

As he hurried from the building the young man
smiled, then pursed his lips and whistled his nameless
tune.

He nimbly crossed the street to the bank on the
corner. Disappearing into its yawning, monied in-
terior, he reappeared moments later counting the
twenty crisp five-dollar bills. As he walked down
the street he pulled a fat, well-filled wallet from his
pocket and placed the hundred with his other money.

Then the young man smiled. He stepped out of
the flowing crowd and went into a drug store. He
walked towards the phone booth, seated himself and
then studied his little black book. He selected a
number, inserted a coin in the phone slot and dialed.
His fingers drummed nervously on the small counter
as he pursed his lips and whistled his nameless tune.

“H & R Automotive Parts,’’ a voice said.

‘“May I speak to Miss Allbright? Miss Wilma
Allbright?’’ the young man said.

‘One moment, please,’’ the operator replied.

He heard a loud clicking as an extension was
plugged into an open line.

‘“Miss Allbright speaking.’’

‘‘Miss Allbright, this is Fred Jamison. You
don’t know me but I’m a friend of Claude Rasson.
Yes, that’s right. Worked on a construction job
with him in Belmont, Texas. It took quite a while
but I finally managed to pry your name and address
out of him. I asked Claude if it would be all right
if I called when I got to New York. Sort of intro-
duce myself. I hope you don’t mind,’’ the young
man added anxiously.

“No. It’s real nice of you to even bother,’’ Miss
Allbright replied. oe

“Look, Miss Allbright. I realize you’re prob-
ably quite busy right now and I don’t want to take
up too much of your time. I’ve got to be back in
Belmont first thing tomorrow afternoon and I won-
dered whether you’d care to have dinner with me
tonight.”

"Well .... all right. I'd love to," the girl
replied.

And then the young man smiled.
