---
id: "176"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
HAPPINESS IS JUST A DOG CALLED SNOOPY
By Robert D. Heinemann

Any other dog would be content to be just a dog,
but not Snoopy. If you follow his exploits in the
‘‘Peanuts’’ strip (Evening Bulletin), you know that
he suffers from delusions. Not delusions of gran-
deur, exactly, but . . . delusions of crocodile, de-
lusions of lion, delusions of boa constrictor. We like
him, anyhow; and because we like him, we gave
Snoopy this column to do for the ECHO.

SNOOPY SEZ GOOD-BYE

At 7:00 A.M., the morning of Friday, November
30th last, a small group of Officers and inmates (and
Snoopy) gathered together in the Ice Plant to bid
a surprise farewell to the man who in 1952 was
responsible for the complete changeover from D.C.
to A.C. current in this institution. A cake lay on
the table, and on that cake service candles were al-
lowed to burn down and etch the figure 21, for it
was on August 6, 1935, that this man first came to
work here.

The person retiring was a large, somewhat
stooped man whose vocational record is interesting
in that since 1921 he has held but two jobs: 14
years with Western Electric, followed, of course,
by the 21 years at Eastern. Prior to these were two
hitches with the U. S. Army and one (during
W.W.I) with the U.S. Navy.

Asked about his reason for retiring, the big
guy replied: “‘I’m like the voters in 1952—I had
enough. It’s time for a change after 21 years in one
place.’’

That man? Chief Electrician Elbert Murphy.
The men who knew him and liked him wish him good
luck and continued success.

SNOOPY IS A SECONDNIGHTER

Some kind of an Admiration Society should be
formed in honour of those men who put on the show
of December 26th. This was the second staging
of the VARIETY CHRISTMAS SHOW which had
played to a full house but two days before. Only
this was different, real different.

At the last moment, and due to circumstances
beyond control, the genial M. C. of the show, not to
mention two big acts—cancelled out. BUT THE
SHOW WENT ON IN THE TRADITION OF SHOW
BIZ. Johnny ‘‘Ginoots’’ Greco, nothing daunted,
assumed the duties of M. C. Off the cuff, with no
notes to guide him, with nothing to fall back upon
but the little guy’s courage and showmanship.
Surprising, and that is the word for it, was Ginoots’
singing of ‘‘Sorrento”... also a voice dis guy has!

Slick Matthews played a fine guitar solo and
lightly danced his way through a pleasing number.
Chico came from the audience to the stage for two
demonstrations which proved that I still don’t know
how he took his shirt off without pulling his arms
out of the sleeves, and also that some people have
steel girders built into their ears . . . which Big
Ralph found out to his dismay. Audience partici-
pant Lou Biancone, was another off the cuffer who
proved what can be done on the spur of the moment
and under pressure. His was not only entertaining
patter, but was prefaced with some . . . sobering
remarks.

Real pros, and they looked it and played like it,
were the eight members of the Dixieland Band:
Hooks, piano; Bill Schoonmaker, drums; Bish, bass
fiddle; Makin, clarinet; Slick Matthews, guitar;
E. P. Brown, trombone; Joe F., trumpet; and Larue,
tenor sax.

SNOOPY GOES WELDING

A communication from erstwhile crack peteman,
Charles W. Bowes (former C-9032), brings several
bits of good news to light. Many of us remember
Charlie, an openfaced guy with a good sense of
humor and a lengthy criminal history. Many of us
also know that for years Charlie has been con-
founding all those who say such things just don’t
happen by becoming slowly, surely and solidly one
big successful citizen. Owning his own home, hap-
pily married, commuted from parole in 1953 after
an outstanding parole adjustment, Charlie is present-
ly working at his Steamfitting and Welding trade
like the true veteran that he is. On a weekly
Employee’s Statement of Earnings and Deductions
that Snoopy has, it reads for ‘‘C. Bowes: Total
Hours, 40; Gross Pay $160.00; Deductions, ete.;
Net Ray, SIO OE

Sez Charlie, ‘‘If Bowes can win, so can you,
also. Unions today will recognize all ex-cons if they
learn a good trade in jail.”

It’s obvious that Mr. Bowes did just that while
he was imprisoned—and a whole lot more than that
for himself.

SNOOPY SETTLES THE HASSLE

Jimmie Daunt reports: THERE ARE NO
TIGERS IN AFRICA, BUT THERE ARE LIONS
IN INDIA.

Believe it or not, this is a perennial among
debates. The last time the question arose, Joe Oliver
settled it by saying, ‘‘Oh, well, at my age, what’s
the difference,’’ after which ‘‘a whole office full of
people fell silent and just stared.’’ Everybody
knows Oliver is 68 years old, but what has that
got to do with the price of tigers? lions, either,
for that matter.

CALLING DOCTOR SNOOPY

Everyone knows the Medical Department would
not be caught dead prescribing narcotics. However,
to his eredit be it known that the Medical Director,
Doctor Nathan Blumberg, established here for a
period of thirty years or so, has been conducting a
search for the ideal sedation which is: (1) NON-
narcotic (2) NON-habit forming (3) NON-
barbituate (4) harmless, for use in prescription
to those inmates who because of a temporary period
of tremendous stress lose the ability to sleep. This
experimental sedation, I am told, does NOT produce
a “high’’ or exhilarated feeling ... nor does it even
induce sleep. The whole point is to enable a natural
sleep, a natural awakening, to men experiencing in-
somnia through acute body tensions caused by anx-
lety, worry and grief.

Enough cannot be said for a man who, without
compromising his professional standards, yet re-
mains sensitive to the needs of even the prisoner in
distress. In searching for an answer to this problem
which will meet the requirements of his conscience
and professional code, Dr. Nathan Blumberg earns
himself a kudo.

SNOOPY POINTS THE TOE

Don Lowry, brilliant and versatile Editor and
public relations man of THE SPECTATOR, report-
edly the nation’s leading weekly prison newspaper,
is widely published and read in outside newspapers
and periodicals. A glance at some of his clippings
(courtesy of Mrs. Dorothy Scheer) reveals a profes-
sional style and a ceaseless, tastefully handled pro-
inmate message. Whatever good is being done by
the inmates of Southern Michigan Prison, Don is
there to present it to the public. It is significant that
in none of the work seen does Don feature himself.
Instead, he extolls prisoners participating in tele-
courses from M.S.U.; features Richard Collins, pris-
oner prosthetic man at Jackson prison hospital;
stumps for school improvement ; features the hustling
maintenance paint shop; and does a nice bit on the
inmate, Jack Dixon, who carved a 5”’ to the foot
model of a 36 foot yawl in 2,340 hours, set it in a
case complete with humidifier and declined a cash
offer of $2,200.00 for his work, ete.

Largely because of Don’s efforts, there is a
citizen interest in the Jackson prison which probably
is unparalleled in any state in the union.

SNOOPY SCOOPS A BONE

While snoozing with one eye open for Butch the
Cat, and one ear perked up like a good newshound,
Snoopy was awakened by the Warden and informed
“For the record’’ that Mr. ‘‘B’’ hopes to have a
weekly Art Class at E.S.P. Composed of inmates
who have the aptitude and interest for this creative
art, it will be directed by Mr. George Redling, a well-
known artist who has volunteered to donate his
services. The men will begin with sketching and
progress to canvas and oils. If YOU are interested,
contact Tom Graham, Educational Director. Snoopy
did.

ALZO

The Warden further stated that the men will be
able to purchase Paint By Number Oil Painting
Outfits through the Commissary. Why not try a
Kit for size? It may fill some of those long leisure
hours spent in the cell. Natcherly, each man will
be responsible for the care of his own paints.

ARF AND WOOF!

BUT ... no painting done by an inmate can
be offered for sale in the institution or through the
mails.

SNOOPY INSPECTS THE HOSPITAL 

The laugh of the quarter is nurse Whitey Fran
Raimer dashing madly about the Hospital wards
pleading with the patients, ‘‘Look! My home town
newspaper. THE NORTH DAYTON TRANSCRIPT.
Right from Massachusetts. You guys want to read
it, huh?’’ So far, nuttin. The patients all think
North Dayton is a lost valley in the Ozarks.

Then there is the case of Bobby Singleton. At
the drop of a hospital chart, he will inform the
patient that there is no cure like a good massage.
They say he had one of the doctors half-convinced
to install a Turkish Bath. Maybe he has a point at
that. One sure thing; anyone who has lain in a
hospital bed for a while certainly appreciates a
fellow like Singleton who is always courteously
willing to massage those sore, stiff muscles.
