---
id: "178"
title: "Looking at Our Inside Sports"
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Looking at our
Inside Sports
with Hank Myers

FOOTBALL

Finis was written to Football here at Eastern
when the heavies clashed to wind up the season.
O’Brien’s squad won the game and the championship
to complete an undefeated season.

It was a good year for football; all games
were close, hard fought, and unusually clean.
CONGRATULATIONS are in order.

The lightweights, lacking the power of the
heavies, put on a good show with their speed, run-
ning and slick ball handling.

The heavyweights, as always, were the glamour
teams. When they met it was like two herds of
mastodons meeting head-on. It was rumored that
the seismograph recorded an earth tremor in this
area.

Mr. Graham again did a fine job in handling the
teams. We owe a vote of thanks to John Gilmore
and Dave Crockett for the fine job they did in ref-
ereeing the games.

I have been asked many times about the status
of the players. Would my opinion be in agreement
with all who watched these men play? Hardly;
so I took myself off the hook by putting the question
to the players themselves. Here are the All-Star
teams, as chosen by the players themselves:

HEAVY WEIGHTS

Q. B. Jimmie McKenna — H. B. John O’Brien —
H. B. John Collins — F. B. Rufus Coleman — R. E.
Battles — L. E. Curley — R. T. Brickhouse — L. T.
Bernie Alexander — R. G. Knock Knock — L. G.
Dave Wilder — C. Whitey Fran Raimer.

LIGHTWEIGHTS

Q. B. Bill Hollowell — H. B. Stew — H. B.
Gillis — F. B. Watson — L. E. Richie — R. E.
Salty — L. T. Billy Wright — R. T. Louis — L. G.
Barrett Duke — R. G. Willie — C. Pee Wee.

AT MUSCLE BEACH

Due to the inclement weather at this time-no
real showing has been possible by the power boys
and muscle builders. However, there is every in-
dication that the irons will get a real play at the
first sign of fair weather.

Real competition is in store for the heavies,
and its anybody’s guess who will be the top man
among Brickhouse, Willis, John Bowers and Billie
Holmes. We did not count Bakey, because he lifts
with the fat part of his muscles. Reds Jordan is
pretty confident he is the light-heavy champ. Felix
Capone accepts all challengers for middleweight
honors. Joe ‘‘The Barber’’ lays claim to the blub-
berweight crown. Before Joe started his muscle-
building course, he looked like the Before on a be-
fore and after picture, now he looks like Before Be-
fore. So far he has only grown muscles on his jowls.

Richard ‘‘Crafty’’? Leroy arrived on Muscle
Beach and astounded everybody with the ease at
which he lifted the barbells. Wait till he finds out
that you have to put weights at both ends of the bar.

BASKETBALL

Of the four teams in the Pen-Cell League,
Reliable A. C., under the management of John
O’Brien, appears to be the strongest.

RELIABLE A. C.

Lacking height, the smooth passing and _all-
around team ability are the keynote of the team’s
success. Reliable’s Captain, Harry Fricker, is de-
finitely the stick-out of the league, scoring 173 points
in 12 games. His play should carry the club to the
championship. Reliable’s hopes were somewhat
dimmed by a leg injury suffered by Jimmie Mc-
Kenna. However, Saby seems to be just the man to
take over Jimmie’s spot.

John O’Brien manages his club with the same
ability that he used in skippering his football squad
to undefeated laurels.

How the team looks to me:

John O’Brien, Mgr. — Backbone
Saby — Real Hustler
Harry Fricker, Capt. — Leading Scorer
Billy Hollowell — Hustler
Jimmie McKenna — Floorman
Dick — Sharp Center
John Bowers — Set Shot Artist
Tommy — No. 1 Sub.
Bocco — Team Player
Blackie — Rookie

THE DONS

In second place, a fine team, big, fast and ac-
curate with their ball-handling. I believe the tem-
porary loss of Harry ‘‘Tiny’’ Berry, their stick-
out man, contributed largely to their present won
and lost column. Managed by Woody, they have the
material to make a better showing than their pres-
ent average indicates. Like all the managers in the
league, Woody is a playing manager and the fourth
highest scorer in the league. Earl Bown, an all-
around athlete, is the third man voted to represent
the Dons on the All-Star team. Another repre-
sentative of the Dons, Paul Joseph Neal, could be
one of the top scorers in the league if his play was a
little more aggressive; he knows the game and how
to handle the ball. Good on defense, his offensive
play could determine the club’s final record.

How the team looks to me:

Woody, Mgr. — Hustler
Harold Berry — Stick-out man
John Collins — Team man
Paul J. Neal — lay-up
Frank McCann — Floorman
Mack — Hustler
John Grandy — Ball Handler
Earl Brown — Team man
Curley — Rebounder

THE RAMBLERS

Second only to Reliable A. C. in having men
represented in the ten leading scorers, the Ramblers
settled for third place. Albert ‘‘Shep’’ Sheppard
led the team in scoring with a total of 165 points.
Managed by Smiley Knowles, an all-around play-
maker, the team looked great offensively, but their
defensive play lost them too many games. They
have the talent to lay them up and in, but could not
master the defensive patterns. Frank Armstrong
and Dave Johnson, with their hustling type of play,
helped the Ramblers.

How the team looks to me:

Robert Watson — Playmaker
Crusty Johnson — Hustler
Harry ‘‘Juice’’ Cohen— Shooter
Joe ‘‘Smiley”’ Knowles — Hooker
Frank Armstrong — Rebounder
Albert Sheppard — Stick-out
David Johnson — Hustler

THE LIONS

Peppery Leo Gillis is striving to manage his
club out of the cellar, but without an injection of
new material soon, his hopes look mighty dim. For
his size, Leo is in his own right a surprisingly apt
player ; his speed is not news, but to see him handling
the ball with the big men is really something to
watch. Captained by Boots, the Lions have plenty
of fire and with Bogardus chosen Rookie of the
Year, they are giving the rest of the league an
interesting time. Another mainstay of the Lions,
Eddie Whalen, still contributes his usual agegres-
siveness to make things a bit tougher, for whomever
they play. Gillis has plans to build his squad into
a more compact unit, depending largely on the
scoring potential of Bogardus and the know-how
of Boots to get the most out of what he has now.

How the team looks to me:

Leo Gillis, Mer. — Floor man
Boots, Capt. — Dead eye
Bogardus — Rookie of the Year
Eddie Whalen — Heady Player
Chick Heifet — Hustler
Skee — Semi-pro
Palmer — Set-Shot
McGrogan — Set-Shot
Trish — Actor
Boothill — Hustler

BASKETBALL ALL-STAR TEAM

The Basketball All-Star Team could not have
been chosen without the aid of my Ace Reporter,
Rob Watson, and I wish at this time to express my
appreciation to him. Rob, as all who are familiar
with him know, is a fiery competitor in all fields of
sports. A one time Welterweight Champ of Holmes-
burg and with enough spark left in him to make
a berth as Fullback on the All-Star Football team
this season—nice going Champ.

PEN-CELL ALL-STAR TEAM

1. "Tiny" Berry
2. Harry Fricker
3. John O'Brien
4. Bogardus
5. "Shep" Sheppard
6. "Juice" Cohen
7. Billy Hollowell
8. "Woody"
9. "Saby"
10. Earl Brown

|                | Won | Lost |
| Reliable A. C. | 10  | 2    |
| Dons           | 7   | 5    |
| Ramblers       | 5   | 7    |
| Lions          | 2   | 10   |
