---
id: "179"
title: "Memo to Writers"
author: "Shadd, Harold George"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
MEMO

Subject: YOUR MAGAZINE
To: STORY AND ARTICLE WRITERS
From: H.G.S., FICTION EDITOR

The human body needs a steady diet of good,
nourishing food in order to wax fat and sassy. It
must ‘be provided with a daily intake of a certain
number of calories and proteins if it is to grow
strong and healthy ... if.it is to. develop its mind and
muscle to the peak of perfection.

And the same can be said of any magazine!

A magazine, in turn, must be fed a well-balanced
diet of serious articles, humorous fillers, exciting
short stories and thrilling sport columns that are of
general interest to its readers, or it will die on the
vine.

Naturally I’m writing about the ECHO MAGA-
ZINE ...OUR MAGAZINE. But I don’t mean to
imply that. the ECHO is dead or dying. As a
matter of fact the exact opposite is true. The ECHO
is growing by leaps and bounds. It is becoming
stronger. It is developing a voice that is being
heard and heeded, not only here in the institution,
but also else-where in the state.

But the ECHO is a hungry magazine. It con-
tinually wants and needs more food... MORE
GOOD SHORT STORIES MORE WELL-
WRITTEN, INTELLIGENT ARTICLES.

There are many excellent writers in our midst.
Not a day passes without this editor being stopped
and told some exciting, true-life experience that
could easily be woven into a gripping tale filled
with suspense. Or I listen to a legitimate gripe
being voiced that contains the juicy, red meat of fact
embodied in any intelligent article. Or I’m told
some whopping big lie that could, with little effort
on the part of the teller, be converted into a spark-
ling piece of fiction.

The ECHO is really an extension of you. The
muscles it flexes are yours. The voice it speaks
with is yours. The things it says are the things you
say. So if you want: the ECHO to be powerful, if
you want it to speak strongly and clearly, get your
pencils and paper together, write your piece and
bring it down to the ECHO office..

Who you are... who you know ... or where
you work isn’t going to make a bit of difference.
The. only thing: that will have any bearing on
whether or not your material is published, will be the
quality of your work. And if it isn’t up. to par,
we'll be more than happy to go over it ‘with’ you
and try to work out any changes or revisions neces-
sary. Any effort expended on your part will be
well worth the time, because seeing your name in
print, as the author of a story or article, is the most
heady liquor ever brewed by the Goddess of Words.
