---
id: "184"
title: "Down and Out"
author: "Thompson, Hildridge S."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
DOWN AND OUT
by Hildridge S. Thompson

So, you’ve come to the tropics,
Heard all you had to do—
Was sit in the shade of a cocoanut glade
While the dollars roll in to you.

They told you that at the bureau?
Did you get the statistics all straight?
Well, hear what it did to another kid,
Before you decide your fate.

You don’t go down with a hard, short fall
You just sort of shuffle along,
And loosen your load of the moral code,
Till you can’t tell the right from the wrong.

I started out to be honest,
With everything on the square,
But a man can’t fool with the Golden Rule,
In a crowd that won’t play fair.

T’was a case of riding a dirty race,
Or being an also-ran;
My only hope was to steal and dope
The horse of another man.

I pulled a deal at Guayaquil
In an Inca silver mine,
But before they found it was salted ground
I was safe in the Argentine.

I made short weight on the River Platte,
When runnning a freighter there;
And I cracked a crib on a rich estate
Without even turning a hair.

But the deal that will everlastingly bar my soul,
When it knocks at Heaven’s doors,
Was peddling booze in the Santa Cruz,
And Winchester forty-fours.

Made unafraid by my kindly aid,
The drunk-crazed brutes calmed down.
To leave in a shivering, blazing mass. . .
A flourishing border town.

I was next in charge of a smuggler’s barge,
Off the coast of Yucatan,
But she sank to hell off Cozonel,
One night in a hurricane.

I got to shore on a broken oar,
In the filthy, shrieking dark;
With the other two of the good ship’s crew,
Converted into shark.

From a limestone cliff I flagged a skiff,
With a pair of salt-soaked jeans,
And I worked my way, for I couldn’t pay,
On a fruiter to New Orleans.

It’s kind of a habit, the tropics;
It gets you worse than rum,
You'll get away and swear you'll stay,
But it calls and back you come.

Six years went by
Before I was back on the job,
Running a war in Salvador,
With a black-faced, barefooted mob.

I was General Santiago Hicks
At the head of a grand revolt,
And my only friend from start to end
Was a punishing Army Colt.

I might have been a president,
A prosperous man of means,
But a gunboat came and blocked my game,
With one hundred and ten Marines.

So I awoke from my dream, dead broke—
Drifted from bad to worse;
Sank as low as a man can go
Who walks with an empty purse.

But stars, they say, appear by day,
When your down in a deep, dark pit;
My lucky star found me that way,
When I was about to quit.

On a fiery hot, flea-ridden cot,
I was down with the Yellow Jack,
Alone in the bush and all but dead,
When she found me and nursed me back.

She came like the miracle man of old
And opened my poor blind eyes,
And upon me shown a bright new dawn,
As I turned my face to the skies.

There was pride and grace in her brown young face,
For hers was the blood of kings,
In her eyes shown the glory of empires gone,
And the secret of world old things.

We were spliced in a Yankee meeting house
On the land of your Uncle Sam,
And I drew my pay from the U.S.A.,
For I worked at the Gatum Dam.

Then the devil sent his right-hand man
(I might have expected he would),
And he took her life with a long, thin knife,
Because she was straight and good.

Within me died hope, honor, pride,
And all but the primitive will
To hunt him down on his blood-red trail—
Find him and kill, and kill.

Through logwood swamps and chicle camps,
I hunted him many a moon,
And I found my man in long pit-pen,
By the side of a blue lagoon.

The chase was o’er at the farthest shore—
It ended my two years quest,
And left him there with a vacant stare
And John Crow on his chest.

You see these punctures on my arm?
Do you want to know what they mean?
Those marks were left by fingers deft
Of my trained nurse, ‘‘Miss Morphine’’.

Of course, you'll say that’s worse than drink;
It’s possible, too, you’re right,
At least it drives the things away
That come and peer in the night.

There’s a homestead down in an old Maine town,
With lilacs around the gate,
And the Northerners whisper, “‘It might have been”’,
But the truth has come too late.

They say they’ll give me one month to live—
A month or a year is the same;
I haven’t the heart to play my part
To the end of a losing game.

For whenever you play, whatever the way,
For the stakes that are large or small,
The claws of the tropics will gather your pile,
And the dealer gets it all.
