---
id: "186"
title: "Another Name for Time"
author: "Smith, Matthew L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0029.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ANOTHER NAME
FOR TIME
by Matthew L. Smith

It’s a city within a city, a wall within a wall.
A rendezvous which only a judge can make. It is
a city of blue skies, good deeds and kindness. It’s
a harbor of misery, time, hate, greed and rebellion.
It’s a city of sports,—softball, handball, basketbail
and football; also a haven of intellectuals, with
students, chess players, philosophers and religious
followers. It’s a city with fire protection, an elec-
trie plant, but it’s a place whose residents never see
the bills. It’s made with steel and stone, concrete
and iron, filled with the throbbing flesh of mankind
wanting OUT, but with a gate ever open to those
coming ... in.

It’s a stage with only men in the cast. They
move, act, ery and age, all before an unseen audience,
ever conscious of their misdeeds .. . and the public.
They have their emotions, their arguments, their
symbols. And they all have a part in the play. To
some it is a continuation of an old tragedy; to
others, a start of a different life.

It’s a school, but childish voices never ring
throughout its rooms. It’s a hospital, but the soft
voices of nurses never soothe the nervous. It’s a
storehouse of men, of potential manpower, but few
outsiders ever stop to window shop. It’s a city
filled with future plans and hopes, a city filled with
dreams of things to come, of life ahead.

It’s a city of lost men seeking knowledge, free-
dom. <A future free of imprisonment. Of men plan-
ning moves on the chess board of life, only to be-
come checkmated many times. Men who struggled
on—belittled by those who never started and thus
never fell. It’s a city of men who will continue to
fight for a place in society. <A city where tomor-
row’s dawn is ever brighter, where next year is
always better. It’s the home of one thousand
fathers. Remembered by few. Forgotten by many.

It’s the home for the children of one thousand
mothers. Who were tucked in bed as little tykes.
Whose mothers’ tears often remind God of their
plight. God bless them all, good and bad, because
for all of that they are men.

This is the city of Eastern State Pen.
