---
id: "187"
title: "Thanks, Mr. Szynal"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinneman, Robert D. "
year: "1957"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "1"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1957_body0029.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THANKS, MR. SZYNAL

L. to R. Albert Sheppard, Mr. Stanley Szynal
and Anthony Gesualdi

Over the last three years, Mr Stanley Szynal
(pictured above), Production Manger of the Novel-
ty Wreath Company, has taken a keen interest in
helping the inmates of this institution create some-
thing of a home atmosphere of Christmas. With
the approval and cooperation of Charles A. Blum,
Treasurer of the company, Mr. Szynal has donated
over 500 large wreaths to Eastern, enough to cover
each block and gallery, both hospital wards, the
visiting room, Chapel and various offices throughout
the institution. Blazing in a variety of Christmas
colors and eye-catching designs, they have provided
a cheery background to the decorations put up by
the prisoners.

Last Yuletide, Mr. Szynal, at the persistent
request of an official here, agreed to visit the institu-
tion incognito in order to view the decorations. So
impressed and overwhelmed was the gentleman by
the ‘‘gracious reception’’ afforded him by both in-
mates and personnel that he returned to the then
empty factory and proceeded to cut out eight, foot-
high block letter N O HE L sets, decorated with
bright-holly, which he also presented to the inmates.
For the record: it was no organized demonstration
or reception committee which so affected Mr.
Szynal — he was stunned by the warmth and cordi-
ality in casual conversations he had with individual
inmates he met during his tour.
