---
id: "19"
title: "Football Predictions"
author: "Poltorak, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0020.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL PREDICTIONS

Football season is here. Pigskins fill the ozone
and Flying Saucer reports are increasing. No
football scandals, or investigations in this section:
if any College becomes suspect, Ted Willams will
give them a saliva test. Since writing the baseball
predictions, I find that my crystal ball has developed
a wrinkled brow, so had it painted and passed it off
as a bocce ball. While being a member of the ESP
(Eastern State Penitentiary) wonder if I have de-
veloped some ESP (Extra Sensory Perception) any-
way ; it will be used in making the College Football
predictions for the Hast.

1. NAVY: It is rumored that Eddie Erdelatz
will use Atomic Power this season.

2. PITTSBURGH: The Panthers of Pitt have
long sharp claws this year. A definite power-
house.

3. SYRACUSE: The Orangemen coached by
Floyd Schwartzwalder have a_ fast-moving
Team and will be heard from.

4, ARMY: The Black Knights of the Hudson
are charged up for a big season.

5. PENN STATE: Minus the services of the
great Lenny Moore will rely on a passing game.

6. BOSTON COLLEGE: Michael Havolak will
again win National recognition and find its
place in the sun.

7. COLGATE: A young team with experience
that may surprise.

8. HOLY CROSS: The purple Crusaders from
Worcester, Mass., have great talent and Doe
Anderson ean mold it.

9. VILLANOVA: Our choice as the dark horse
of the year. Had tough breaks last year.

10. CORNELL: A team on its way up.

The Ivy League has de-emphasized football so we
can look for a steadily declining brand of ball. The
Championship could go to any one of Cornell,
Yale, Princeton, Harvard or Brown.

Printed below are three letters that we received
from Sports Editors from Penal institutions in other
areas of this country. Since this forward-looking
administration has granted us newspapers, we are
familiar with the Football Teams in this area so I
wrote letters to several Sports Editors in other
institutions asking their opinion of the leading
teams in their own area. Up to this date, we have
received three letters and we will print any others
we receive. The Hditor, Staff Members and myself,
wish to say THANK YOU to the Sports Editor,
Agenda at Walla Walla, the Sports Editor, Recount
at Colorado, and the Sports Editor, San Quentin
News, for their fine letters.

Sports Editor

At the present time the football situation in
the far west isinaturmoil. After a players revolt at
the University of Washington, an investigation of
a ‘slush fund’ for under the table payments to foot-
ball players resulted in a two year suspension which
bars them from championship contention, and more
important, a chance to represent the Coast Confer-
ence in the Rose Bowl, or to share in the proceeds
of the post season classic.

Later investigations of the other PCC members
resulted in suspensions of varying degrees for
UCLA, USC, and Cal. There is agitation in the
southern half of the conference for a split of the
PCC and a new conference setup, all of which makes
picking the teams as you suggested extremely
hazardous.

In the southern half of the PCC, new coaches
will figure prominently. The U. of Washington with
a new coach in Darrell Royal from Mississippi,
figures to be the best bet despite the ban of post
season play. The Huskies have some fine material
returning and some great prospects up from the
Frosh ranks. Added to this is the inspiration that
may come from what they feel to be an unjust
suspension.

The Oregon Ducks with some fine experienced
juniors returning, should win the better portion of
their games. Len Casanova returns for another year
as coach.

The Beavers of Oregon State seem slightly
weaker, but with a cracker-jack young coach,
Tommy Prothro, now in his second year at the school
anything can happen.

Washington State with a new coach in Jim
Sutherland, a sticker for fundamentals, is starting
from scratch and hope to build this year. The
Cougars should win at least three games.

Skip Staley returns to Idaho, the smallest
school in the conference. Two years ago they were
great, one of their few good seasons, but last year

they couldn’t get unwound and looked good in
some games and terrible in others. This year strictly
an unknown quantity.

The final standings of the Pacific Coast Con-
ference should read something like this: Southern
California, University of California at Los Angeles,
University of Washington, Stanford, Oregon, Cali-
fornia, Oregon State, Washington State, and Idaho.

Due to the suspensions mentioned earlier,
Stanford will probably represent the PCC in the
Rose Bowl.

I hope that this information is what you wanted,
and does some good. In closing, may I congradu-
late you on your program which is in keeping with
your fine publication.

Very truly yours,
AGENDA, Sports Editor

Sports Editor:

I had the pleasure of receiving your nice
letter today when I reported for work. Needless to
say I was pleasantly surprised to hear from you.

Well, sir, I should like to herewith enter upon
the field of sports forecastings with the following
observations. In the Big Seven Conferences I see
Oklahoma carrying the banner again this year but
I predict that when the ‘‘Sooners’’ meet the ‘‘Irish’’
of Notre Dame the Irish will win. This game in
my opinion, will decide the number one team of
the nation. Following in order in the Big Seven I
see Missouri, Colorado, Nebraska, Kansas, Kansas
State and Iowa State.

In the Skyline Conference there seems to be
little doubt that Denver University will be the top
team. They should be given a lot of competition
by Wyoming and Utah.

May I congratulate you on your fine idea. I
think that this is a step forward for the Penal
Press and may I make a further suggestion. I
believe that this idea should be carried on on a
monthly poll basis and we could pick our own top
team of the nation in December.

Thanks again for the nice letter. Keep up
the good work.

J. KH. ‘‘Bud”’ King — 28722
SPORTS EDITOR — RECOUNT
