---
id: "192"
title: "What Do We Ask Friends and Our Fellow Citizens To Do?"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0002.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
What Do We Ask Friends
and Our Fellow Citizens To Do?

Support abolition of the death penalty in our own community and state.

2. Provide for an adequate prison system suitable for care of offenders of all
types and for their re-education and rehabilitation.

3. Support a parole system utterly free of politics, protective of society, with
concern for the remaking of the individual.

4. Develop crime prevention services in the community in which we live.

5. Provide training schools for erring youth, with programs of education and
character building.

6. Support scientific study and treatment of those whose personalities may
lead them into wrong-doing.

7. Encourage institutions of progressive kind, where mass treatment is not
given, where the worth of the individual is regarded, and the light within
every man is recognized.

8. Support probation whenever possible as a substitute for imprisonment.

9. Give ourselves personally, by visiting the prisons and befriending individu-
al men and women in them.

10. Support State and local efforts concerned with removal of the causes of
crime through improved housing, education, employment, for all condi-
tions and manner of men.

From:

A STATEMENT ON CAPITAL PUNISHMENT

(SOCIAL SERVICE COMIMINE TEE Pulolication, | O56,
Committee on Friends and Penology, of the Philadel-
phia Society of Friends)
