---
id: "193"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo

Vol. 2    Winter of 57    No. 4

Robert D. Heinemann, Editor
L. J. Biancone, Feature Editor
William Cressman, Fiction Editor
James Morrison, Art Editor
Steve Poltorak, Sports Editor
Jesse Burch, Poetry Editor
Henry Myers, Assistant Sports Editor
Bernard Jacobs, Exchange
Joseph J. Cuff, Circulation
Walter Stepper, Daniel Falcone, Photographers

CONTENTS

STORIES   NOT A CREATURE WAS STIRRING    N. Budington Harper   16
            ... NOT EVEN A MOUSE
          CRYING CHARLIE                    Robert F. Cullen   24

ARTICLES  PROGRESSIVE PHENOLOGY:
            ANOTHER LOOK!                   Richard P. LeRoy    4
          AN ANALYSIS OF PAROLE AS
            A PENOLOGICAL EXPEDIENT           L. J. Biancone   14

FEATURES  FROM THE WARDEN’S DESK        William J. Banmiller    2
          CAGE ONE                       Robert D. Heinemann    3
          THE MAN BEHIND THE IDEA             James Morrison    8
          PROFILE                        Robert D. Heinemann   10
          SPOTLIGHT ON THE ELECTRIC SHOP      L. J. Biancone   12
          WELCOME VISITORS                                     23
          OLD NEWSPAPERS NEVER DIE            L. J. Biancone   31

RELIGION  MANY WERE COLD
           ... A FEW WHERE FROZEN       Rev. Gordon Reynolds   30
          “THE STONES WILL CRY OUT”  Rev. Edwin L. Gallagher   30

SPORTS    THE SPORTS PAGE     Steve Poltorak and Henry Myers   20
          A TALK WITH JOE                     Steve Poltorak   22

ALSO      CONVERSATION                                          6
          FOR CONSIDERATION                                     7
          FOR THE ECHO RECORD                                   7
          SNOOPY                         Robert D. Heinemann   26
          POETRY                                 Jesse Burch   29
          THE EASTERN ECHO MAIL BAG                            32
          MOVIES                                Inside Back Cover

          COVER BY JAMES MORRISON

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
George M. Leader, Governor

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Thomas D. McBride, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner — Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY
William J. Banmiller, Warden

THE EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary at
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It’s Editors, or the Institution itself, cannot be held responsible for
plagiarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission to
reprint any material in this issue is cordially granted.

Dear Reader:

In our Fall Issue, 
ECHO partially shut
down the engine of its
message, took other looks
and had some of its own
illusions looked upon.
With gratitude we re-
view that experience, ac-
knowledging something
learned: the need for a
statistical appraisal of
the penal situation as it
relates to humane, cor-
rective treatment as a-
gainst harsh punishment.

Dare society be more
generous to its felons?
ECHO has stated and re-
stated, among its convic-
tions, that men better
treated are better men.
Now comes Richard P.
Lekoy, on P-4, who sup-
ples the statistical as-
surance in "Progressive
Penology-Another Look.”

Again, on P-7, “For
the ECHO Record re-
veals the national statis-
tical proof covering a 22
-year period that the
harshest, “most crime de-
terring” penalty, death,
is far better left ....
unused! Compare the
30% decrease in the num-
ber of murders committed
that resulted from the
38% drop in the number
of men coudemned to be
executed!

And while you are
amazed, may we also re-
spectfully invite you to
consider :

P-2, and another mov-
ing letter “From the
Wardens Desk”;

P-8, “The Man Behind
the Idea” wherein Art
Editor Jim Morrison
takes able pen in hand to
to portray the work of
another friend and cham-
pion of prisoners;

P-14, “An Analysis of
Parole” where Feature
Editor Biancone begins
in Part I to acquaimt
us with this important
subject.

Editor

Cover

Knowing that some-
one cares, a fact evi-
denced by letters and
visits, the inmate—con-
scious of your faith—
retains his hope for the
future.
