---
id: "194"
title: "From the Warden's Desk"
author: "Banmiller, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Warden's Desk:

One hundred and thirty years ago the designers of this prison wanted it to be
“awful” in appearance to deter persons from committing crime. It was the philosophy
of separate and solitary confinement which meant just that. A man in those days
never left his cell and had an exercise area enclosed behind his cell that is
still observable today, although the congregating of men, during the day, replaced
it many years ago, and properly so. Certainly the solitary system was not conducive
lo, nor did it in practice prepare a man for release. To coin a phrase, it perhaps
made him a recluse and left him, after several years of such confinement, in such
a mental state that he did not have the ability to resume his place in normal
living. Perhaps this will enable us to understand the truism, ‘Prisons are housed
by men who did not choose to be monks.” Yet, reading the history of treatment of
men convicted of crime, it was an improvement over the methods used before 1829.

There has been constant improvement from then tonow. There will be more as
the public and uninformed begin to realize and understand the purpose of prison.
We, you and I, have a responsibility to constantly educate the public in the
theory of imprisonment.

The present programs are to accomplish that purpose. As Judge John Biggs
observed in his book, “The Guilty Mind”, there will always be that die-hard group
of people who feel that is soft treatment. | prefer to call it humane because
these so-called intelligent people do not speak from historical knowledge but
rather from callousness, lack of understanding, and absence of family, relatives
and friends affected by the misfortune of imprisonment. No one denies the right of
society to inflict punishment (confinement) for breaking the law. But is that to
continue forever ? Until a man dies ?

Today while the wall may give an “awful” appearance, we like to think of the
activity and feeling inside that wall. Humaneness can blot out that austerity and
make a man feel close to normal. Unless we feel that inside our own breast, we are
only giving lip service to our purpose in this work. Call it what you will, it ts
the understanding of human nature.

Are we to deny a man the right to improve his mind and mental outlook because
he is in prison? That is contrary to reason when society charges us with the
responsibility of fitting a man for release. Our Art, Journalism and Debating
classes are not necessarily to fit a man to be an artist, journalist or public
speaker. They are intended to enable a man to broaden his thinking, to appreciate
and understand things he gave little thought to before.

Few men will never change, most want to. What most people do not grasp is the
feeling of a man convicted of crime, the scar it leaves long after release. He is
always cognizant of this and tries to forget. This is where understanding is vital.

Jean Jacques Rousseau was a world-famous Philosopher (1/12-1778). His work,
“The Social Contract”, contains this statement: “There is not a single ill-doer
who could not be turned to some good, unless insane.”

If only the sincere feeling of men of good-will at this time of the year would
always prevail.

Let us not deny the man the chance to parole when a reasonable period of
imprisonment and positive change in him has been determined by ali human
and reasonable standards.

William J. Banmiller,
Warden
