---
id: "195"
title: "Cage One"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0005.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
CAGE ONE

An Editorial

The program aims set forth on ECHO’S inside front cover (courtesy
Mona E. Darnell, Chairman of the Prison Service Committee, Society of
Friends) represent one agency's conception of what the average free
person can do by way of citizen participation in penal related affairs.
ECHO is indebted to the Friends for this intelligent and practical statement.

It says for us a great deal of what we ourselves believe and subscribe to.

Frankly, were these 10 suggestions actively promoted by but a mere
1% of the public... American penology and crime prevention would indeed
be revolutionized. For the same reason that, in effect and in fact, the known
best in penology would receive thousands of supporting voices for everyone
it now has; thousands of willing hands to work with; the weight
and power to make each present foot of progress cover a mile. And the
proven worst would be forced to give ground more readily in its steady,
bitter opposition to its own inevitable replacement.

There is a battle being fought today against century old theories
and age old emotions. Those penological theories, practices and attitudes
which made of prisons “a place criminals come from, not to.”
It is a war of attrition waged by the 20th Century against one phase
of “the cultural lag’ and the ideas and practices which stubbornly maintain it.

You can help. By taking part in enlightened programs such as the one the
Friends advance. Your efforts, combined with theirs, can make all prisons
corrective-minded, and all crime prevention truly preventive.

Only an interested public can insure that man’s best penological
ideas are being set into motion and carried out everywhere. But the public
CAN do it. Wherever they have evidenced their supzort, the like of it
is already being done.

Sincerely yours,

Robert H. Heinemann

Editor
