---
id: "196"
title: "Progressive Penology: Another Look!"
author: "LeRoy, Richard P."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Despite opposing “opinions,” Progressive
Penology is succeeding where other
programs have failed.

Progressive Penology:
ANOTHER LOOK!

by RICHARD P. LeROY

Progressive penology in Pennsylvania has not
yet reached the age of four. Hardly enough
time to justify its being judged as failing in
its objectives! Especially when one realizes that
‘‘traditional’’ penology was as old as the peniten-
tiary system itself. And....a universally recog-
nized failure.

On the other hand, it is not suggested that
progressive penology should not be subjected to
eriticism—constructive criticism. What is here sug-
gested is that the critics of progressive penology
are at times extremely careless with their ‘‘facts.”’

For, despite its evident youth and the some-
times adverse criticism leveled at it—many times by
those who have forgotten or by those unfamiliar
with the treatment of men under the old “‘tra-
ditional’’ system—despite this, progressive penology
has made significant gains in some areas.

Strangely, two of these major areas which
show that the new program is not failing in its
objectives, are precisely the areas in which the
‘“facts’’ of the critics would seem to show otherwise.
The first deals with the human factor in penology;
the second, with the question of recidivism.

The Critics’ View

According to some, the impersonality of ‘‘tra-
ditional’’ penology has only been replaced by the
humane impersonality of the progressive system.
It is said that the human factor, the individual, is
the forgotten man under the new as he was under
the old. Further, that there is, in reality, no dif-
ference between progressive and ‘‘traditional’’ pen-
ology except for the increased material benefits to
be had under the new program, such benefits having,
however, no effect on a man’s rehabilitation. That
‘‘statisties’’ reveal that the men serving time today
under a progressive program are certainly more
eomfortable, but their chances of staying out of
prison are about what they were in 1958.

Is this a true picture of progressive penology?
Is it the inadequate and largely ineffectual program
Some persons argue it to be? The writer submits
that the kind and objective thing to do by this four-
year-old infant is to examine, however briefly,
both it and the record it has established before
reaching general and final conclusions. Conclusions
printed minus the supposed ‘‘facts’’ of the ‘‘record”’
on which the negative judgment is made.

The Human Factor

No, the individual is no longer really the for-
gotten man he was under ‘‘traditional’’ penology.
Under the old system, each prisoner, upon arrival,
was interviewed, tested and classified. And just as
promptly forgotten. He was deposited in the
general population of one of our state penitentiaries
...and kept. The emphasis of that prison keeping
was almost entirely custodial in nature. Facilities
and treatment for the man sought only to insure
that he conformed to prison discipline and routine.

“Examine, however briefly, both it and the record it has established.’’

Of course, prisoners must be made to ‘‘stay
put.’’ But because traditional prison heads were
only ‘‘prison keepers’’, and prisoners only ‘‘kept’’
men, every investigating committee over the years
and along the length and breadth of this land, as
well as our own state, has recommended the prin-
ciples and programs of progressive penology: that
they be adopted to fill some of the mental, moral and
emotional vacuum which lay at the heart of the old-
line system.

Today, the prisoner deposited in general pop-
ulation comes before and under a Staff of the
treatment personnel, to which a single custodian is
added. True, he must still conform and stay put—
but with a difference. He learns that he is expected
to do something with his time—not merely occupy
it. The emphasis is now placed on what he actually
does to improve and better himself. On this
record of his improvements and betterment,—that
same Staff one day will base its decision to either
recommend or not recommend that he be granted
either commutation or parole.

No one says that the Staff is operationally
perfect. Only that its philosophy does consider the
human factor and attempts to reward it.

Even if a man chooses not to take advantage
of the so-called therapeutic aspects of the program—
and in this institution only about ten percent do—
he is still benefited by the progressive philosophy,
in the new general atmosphere it creates.

One phase of this atmosphere relates to the
material benefits which critics concede do promote
greater comfort and well-being. But is that all
these benefits are worth?

When it is realized that one of the principles
of progressive penology is that every man, regard-
less of the type or number of crimes committed, is
entitled to be treated as a creature with dignity,
human dignity, then we can begin to understand
the value and meaning of increased material bene-
fits. For it is just these benefits which differentiate
between the man in his cell and the animal in his
cage. Remove these benefits one by one, and a
point is soon reached where a man becomes little
more than a caged animal. Conversely, each added
benefit a man receives makes him that much more
conscious of his human dignity—consequently, that
of others as well. Men tend to treat each other as
they themselves are treated!

Regarding the therapeutic aspects of the pro-
gram, again the individual is considered. He may
be advised to enroll in individual or group counsel-
ling; he is not forced to do so. If he is so advised
and fails to avail himself of the facilities, who is to
blame? If he cannot see his need, and a profes-
sional solution offered to him for help with inter-
personal, emotional or character problems, can one
really accuse the system he himself disdains?
Hardly. What is there, he can make use of—but he
must make use of it, before he is entitled to complain
of its inadequacy. It, the counselling program
here, is not purposed to ‘‘do”’ something for a man,
but only to help him gain sufficient insight to ‘‘do’’
(whatever he thinks best) for himself.

Do men stick with counselling until they are
“completely cured’’? Critics say, ‘‘No.’’? Most
either quit prematurely or through expiration of
their sentences.

There is no authority, statistical, factual, or
otherwise to support this view. Nor is such a one
ever quoted. To answer this generalization one
need only review the outside records of men suc-
cessfully discharged from counselling: one (1)
single man returned to prison of the total group of
such men released over a four year period. Further,
veterans in counselling are many—today, on every
side, for us to see. Men with one, two and even
three years of continuous counselling under their
respective belts. Others have left counselling when
the man and his counsellor agreed that his purpose
had been accomplished. Because no records are
kept of counselling, other than dates of entry and
exit, the experience of those inmates intimate with
the counselling program, and the impersonal word
of the counsellors must be taken.

Do men respond to progressive penology, to its
philosophy, its material benefits, its therapeutic
aspects? If they do, then the men serving time to-
day are not only more conscious of their worth as
human beings, but their chances of staying out of
prison are better than they were in 1953.

Recidivism—The Facts

What are the facts concerning recidivism? Do
‘“statisties’’ continue to show no change in the rate
of recidivism from that established under ‘‘trad-
itional’’ penology. Hor, to be worthwhile, progres-
Sive penology must prove itself here, or not at all.
In an effort to answer this question factually, I was
fortunate enough to procure, from two separate
sources covering two different periods of time, the
figures of William L. Jacks, statistician for the
Pennsylvania Board of Parole.

My first source was the files of the ECHO
magazine, from which I was able to borrow a clip-
ping. cut from the Philadelphia Daily News, dated
May 7, 1957. Significantly, the article from which I
shall quote was entitled, ‘‘Let’s Be Fair.’? The
article states, ‘‘He (Mr. Jacks) pointed out that for
the year ending May 31, 1956, 645 parolees were
returned to prison. Since the Board of Parole had
5,630 parolees under supervision, the percentage of
those who got into trouble again was only 11.5.

‘‘But the picture is even brighter than those
figures indicate. Of the 645 prolees who went back
to prison, 278 went back because they violated the
rules of parole. In most cases, for doing things
that would be perfectly legal for the rest of us.’’

The next set of Mr. Jack’s figures was supplied
to me by the feature editor of this magazine when he
learned that I was contemplating this article. These
figures cover the fiscal year ending May 31, 1957,
and show that at the close of that period there were
5,845 parolees under supervision. Of this number
82.3 percent were in good parole standing, while
944 or 17.7 percent were delinquent. <A further
check of these figures revealed that at the close of
the year 1953—six months before progressive pen-
ology came into being—the rate of parole violators
was 51 percent, or three times greater than that at
the present time! On the basis of these figures, I
believe much reflection is due before it can be stated
‘‘positively’’ that progressive penology is capable
in theory alone, a failure in practice.

The Prisoner’s Best Chance

In summing up, let me state that I am not im-
plying that under the new system this is the best
of all possible prisons, that progressive penology has
not made mistakes, nor that it will not continue to
do so. What is implied is that, while progressive
penology is comparatively young as systems and
institutions go, in the short time it has been in
existence it has shown that it is, to date, the best
chance the prisoner has for rehabilitation and future
success.

Now that we have seen the record, and the facts
and statistics, now let us ask ourselves: How pro-
gressive is progressive penology?
