---
id: "197"
title: "Conversation: Penal Press Quotes, For Consideration, For the Echo Record"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CONVERSATION

Penal Press Quotes

In the courtroom world today, there is too often
only the justice of the pound of flesh, the precise
prescribed and untempered penalty, an eye for an
eye. Too infrequently, as in the rare first case
cited below, are there incidents of an insertion, into
a criminal proceeding, of logic, feeling and an at-
tempt at future deterrents to crime rather than to
present punishment. In the second case will be
seen a judicial decision that seeks in the simplest
terms to have society try to help to right a wrong,
rather than simply and blindly commit a wrong it-
self in the effort to bring about Justice.

We thank the AGRICOLA of New London, Ohio,
for the use of these two articles.

In Jovellanos, Cuba, last December, a 16-year-
old boy accused of stealing 250 pounds of lead was
brought before Dr. Jose Gonzales, Judge of Instruc-
tion for the locality. If the crime was proven—
which it was—the boy would have (ordinarily) been
given a term of reclusion in the Center of Orientation
for juvenile delinquents. The judge, after having
studied the case, listened to the accuser and the boy
accused, suspended court proceedings briefly, and
sent for a copy of Les Miserables by the great Vic-
tor Hugo. Minutes later, a copy of the novel in
hand, he spoke thus:

“You are merely a boy. Within a few years
you shall be a man. If you start life with the
antecedents of a thief, you will find many hardships
and difficulties. As all doors open to the knock of
an honest man, to the dishonest man doors of op-
portunity remain closed; he passes the greatest part
of his existence trying to overcome his past, or in
prison.

“‘I am going to impose on you,’’ continued the
judge, ‘‘a measure of security consisting of 30 days
confinement at your home. During this time, you
shall read and study this book I’m giving you. In
its pages you will find the suffering and humiliations
that a man had to experience on account of antece-
dents of his young age detrimental to his reputation.

“Benjamin Franklin once said, ‘If rogues knew
the advantages to be had by being honest, they
would be honest for spite!’ I don’t want to send
you to the reformatory this time so you can’t spend
Christmas with your folks. But I do hope that this
measure that I have taken and this book will save
your conduct and your future.’’

To all of which, I comment, “Bravo, Dr.
Gonzales !’’

The following is from another AGRICOLA
article, entitled ‘‘Solves a Problem:’’

Out in Long Beach, California last July, a court
ordered a longshoreman to pay two hundred dollars
a month for the next 10 years to support the wife
and five children of a man he shot during an argu-
ment over a card game. The victim was paralysed
as a result of the shooting and is unable to work.
The longshoreman pleaded guilty and asked that
he be given the chance to help the family after he
realized the extent of the tragedy he had caused.

In sentencing this man to 10 years probation and
ordering him to make the monthly payments, the
court was solving not one, but two problems, while
at the same time pointing up a much better way of
handling such cases than a long prison sentence.
The judge was obviously not only thinking of the
future of the guilty man, but the future of the
family of the man he shot. The court has not only
solved the problem of punishing the law-breakers,
but has given him a chance to make amends by tak-
ing care of a family that would, in all probability,
have to be supported by the state. Evidently the
court realized that sending the man to prison would
solve absolutely nothing.

How many cases on record could have been
handled in exactly the same way, with far better
results than could ever be accomplished by any
number of years in prison? A man...can be more
of a burden on society in prison than out. For a
period of years, he must be held and maintained at
the expense of the state and its people, while an
outdated, outmoded correctional system attempts to
rehabilitate him. Under present conditions in most
prisons, he is subject to come out worse than when
he went in. His punishment has neither helped him
nor the society that condemned him.

If more courts would do just what this one in
California has done, there would be fewer men in
prison. The results of this one case, over a short
period of time, should convince the public—even the
die-hards—that it’s a far better means of solving
the problem than punishment itself. Punishment
alone helps no one, and that which doesn’t benefit
someone, is useless.
