---
id: "198"
title: "For Consideration"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For Consideration

Dave Howard

Shortly after my arrival here, a For Considera-
tion column (Editor’s Note: the Winter of 56 issue)
mentioned that ECHO ‘‘anticipated’’ construction
Of a enlarced visivine tacihiby to be im ole
offing.’’? Was the magazine in error, or did official
plans go awry?

Staff Answer:

We recognize this is a major need, and while we
have never made any commitment as to any partic-
ular date construction of an enlarged facility would
begin, there are plans still in the offing, much closer
to realization than they were. ECHO probably as-
sumed that the initial proposal and planning in
October-November, 1956, amounted to the fact ac-
complished.

Leo McMahon

A question frequently heard among the general
population relates to why a man must pay for such
medical items as glasses and dentures. Isn’t a man’s
county, or the state, supposed to cover these expend-
itures?

Staff Answer:

No county or state funds are available for this
type of medical care, but provisions are made for in-
mates who are without funds.

NOTE: The above questions were forwarded
to the Warden’s Staff Meeting of Friday, October
11, 1957,

One year ago this month, permission was
granted for ECHO to incorporate this column as a
regular feature in the magazine. Any inmate in
H.S.P. population is weleome to submit serious in-
quiries, or to request approval of his suggestions,
through this medium. The term, Staff Answer,
heads the official reply to the particular question or
suggestion.
