---
id: "199"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For the Echo Record

Periodically this editor is requested to furnish
any statistics he might have which would support
the stand that corrective treatment reduces crime,
whereas harsh punishment breeds not only more
crime but more atrocious crimes as well. It seems a
pity that free men and women must be able to pro-
duce statistics, before some of their neighbors will
concede the value of love and common sense as
against vengeful penalization. One would suppose
that no adult of average experience would need to
be convinced that the ‘‘deterring fear’’ produced by
use of the iron fist and heel inevitably turns into
fury. The brutalized child becomes the brutal man;
the brutalized populace, the mob that one day erupts
in a frenzy of reprisal; the brutalized prisoner, the
lost soul that society ealls a ‘‘hardened’’ criminal.
Exceptions to the rule of this vicious circle occur by
the grace of God and saintly patience and courage!

But to some statistics gleaned from the EASTON
EXPRESS, dated April 11, 1957, by-line Robert
Goldenstein (Chicago, AP report) :

“The death penalty is headed in the direction
of extinction.

“It is being used less and less in the United
States.

“A worldwide trend has developed for its
abolition.

"A survey of current studies shows: The
number of persons in the United States condemned
to death has dropped from 199 in 1935 to 76 in 1955.

"The FBI’s Uniform Crime Reports show that
the decline in murders during the same period has
been relatively small—from 7.1 per 100,000 popula-
tion in 1938 to between 4.9 urban and 5 rural in
1955.”

Relatively SMALL?! When a 88% drop in
those condemned to death brought a 309% decline in
the number of murders committed.

Relatively ENORMOUS, we say!
