---
id: "20"
title: "Football Foolishness"
author: "DeBellis, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0021.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL FOOLISHNESS

by
John DeBellis, Sports Editor, San Quentin News

Football. . the electrifying roar of 80,000
voices in unison. . .the icy fingers up and down your
Spine and the hairs on the nape of your neck
standing at attention when the band strikes up the
National Anthem. . .the distant scent of burning
leaves wafted to you on a pert autumn breeze. . .
panty raids. . .the season of foolishness.

This is what football season used to signify.
Out here on the western shores of America, football

EASTERN EcHo

season now means the cacophonic roar of 8,000,000
voices raised in protest. . .protesting injustices,
imagined or real, meted out by savants of the
Pacific Coast Conference. The rapt neanderthal
nape hairs are joined by eyebrows. . nay, even
sealps. The smell that assails your nostrils is com-
bustion sure enough. . .records and schedules and
prognostications going up in smoke. There’s no
time for such tomfoolery as panty raids.

The air is rife with fines, penalities, mass in-
eligibility rulings and Rose Bowl disqualifications. . .
investigations, counter investigations, self investi-
gations. . .accusations and counter accusations. . .
still the season of foolishness.

Ears are glued to radios, eyes to the sports page
for the latest of what doest the savants.

**Count that day lost
When the low descending sun
Does not bring some news
Of What the PCC has done.
In olden times
It was by Aesop a fable,
But now its who got what
And how low under the table.

**Plagiarized from ‘‘ Wilmots”’ in the San Francisco
Chronicle.

The lousy hams are monopolizing the scene.
They ought to give the ball players a break.

So. . .knowing not what additional foolishness
the educators might wreak, the PCC shapes up
like so. . .

1. Oregon State. . .Coach Tommy Prothro schooled
in the art of recruiting by U.C.L.A. mentor Red
Sanders, amassed a 6-2 conference record in his
freshman year. OS figures to improve on that
with the return of a sound veteran squad in a
war torn conference.

2. Stanford. . .The Indians have a great first team
but lack of depth will hold them down to second
place.

3. Washington. . .Were coming on and showed
signs of being a contender but their $52,000
fine upset future recruiting. Not deep enough
for a better berth than third.

4. California. . .Came out of embarassing slush
fund crisis smelling like a rose. Would normally
stack up seventh or eighth but...

5. Southern California. . Hard hit by ineligibility
fiat.

6. U.C.L.A. .. .Wiped out by ineligibility of star
studded senior rank.

7. Oregon. . .Nothing.
8. Washington State. . .Ditto.
9. Idaho. . .Perennial floor mats.

College of the Pacific would stack up a solid seventh
or better. With a powerful Dick Bass tallying
seores of touchdowns, COP is the top western in-
dependent. Bass’ high school feats are as well
known as Bill DeCorrevant’s. Bass pounded out a
13 yard average on the frosh squad last year.
