---
id: "200"
title: "Introducing: The Man Behind the Idea"
author: "Morrison, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Introducing:
the man
behind
the idea

by JAMES MORRISON

Tom had a problem. As he sat on a wooden bench
in the exercise yard of Eastern State Penitenti-
ary, he mulled it over again and again in his
mind. After serving the minimum of a 5 to 10 year
sentence for Burglary, he had applied for parole.
It had been granted,—on condition. The condition?
That he obtain a sound parole plan—job, home and
sponsor—before he could be released.

But the release date had come and gone. For
despite all his efforts, Tom failed to formulate the
necessary parole plan. His contacts exhausted, he
needed a minor miracle. He was a typical “‘hold-
over.”

But Tom did have a friend. Another inmate.
And his friend, Steve, chanced upon a four-page
pamphlet written by Joe Paull, entitled, ‘*Let’s Do
Something About Holdovers.’’

It was not the first time either inmate had heard
of Mr. Paull. Both had, in fact, ‘‘seen him around
the institution.’’ But here was more than the figure
of the man, more than his tremendous word-of-
mouth reputation. Here was the man’s own Sstate-
ment of his living concern.

As Tom eagerly scanned the pamphlet, he real- |
ized a new hope had come into his life. Here was
another chance to formulate that vital parole plan.

That pamphlet which Tom read and based his
hope upon, reads in part:

‘‘What is the cost of a mistake? or several mis-
takes? How long does one continue to pay the price?
A lifetime—perhaps? Those individuals eligible for
release from penal institutions quickly learn the
answer when they try to formulate a parole plan.

"Society is not quick to forgive and forget,
unfortunately. This is the bitter lesson the pre-
release inmates are forced to review over and over
when seeking to complete a parole plan. They seek
redemption—but all avenues are closed to them.
Home and sponsorship are denied them, just as is
gainful employment. Thus, they become a statistic—
a ‘holdover’.

“There is nothing novel about the ideas I shall
express about two phases of parole work which I
regard as very important. No doubt my opinions
have been discussed many times before. Yet, from
my point of view, and those of penal administrators,
these two responsibilities cannot be overemphasized.

"One is the reduction of ‘holdover’ cases or,
more precisely, the releasing of eligible inmates on
dates set for their release.

“The other is the importance of getting public
cooperation to solve the ‘holdover’ problem.’’

Concerning the importance of Job Security, Mr.
Paull has this to say:

“It is my belief that the strategic point at which
corrective influence can be mobilized to reverse the
direction of a man’s life, to sever his connections
with antisocial groups and restore him to society is
the point at which an inmate leaves prison and takes
his first job. If he flounders around in a shifting
labor field—with intervals of nonemployment in be-
tween—he cannot so easily resist the ‘easy money’
of the street corner. On the other hand, if he has
a job which assures him of a steady income and
which affords him the recognition that all of us need,
respect and trust, he will develop into the type of in-

‘‘Who by deed, serves and continues to serve his fellow man.”

dividual society can accept. Moreover, he will feel
that he has too much to lose by the lure of ‘easy
money’ invitations.”

Mr. Paull cites cases in which a secure job was
the prime factor in a man’s rehabilitation:

" ... I call attention to the private institution,
a home for the aged (of which, Mr. Paull is Chair-
man of the Board), which has seven(7) ex-convicts
on its payroll. Without exception, each of them are
respected and trusted employees. Even more, they
have proven to be the most dependable and con-
scientious workers. And, too, each one was a ‘hold-
over’ case.

‘One hundred percent rehabilitation by indivi-
duals whose records are as ‘long’ as the proverbial
arm! I could cite many similar records compiled by
ex-convicts employed in commercial houses, factor-
ies, garages, laundries, etc.’’

Here we see the results brought about by gain-
ful, secure employment. But there is room for ex-
pansion. In Mr. Paull’s own words:

‘‘There is a vital need to assist the many men
who are unable to formulate a parole plan and,
thereby, reduce the number of ‘holdover’ cases in
the State’s penal institutions.

‘‘How can that be accomplished? I am inclined
to hypothesize that an employment placement pro-
eram from within the various institutions may be
the solution to this problem. This, coupled with a
vigorous campaign to awaken the public (particu-
larly potential employers) to the ‘holdover’ situa-
tion, would be a step in the right direction. Penal
authorities cannot accomplish the task of rehabilita-
tion alone. They can help prepare a man for release,
but it takes the combined efforts of the general
public to complete the task of reformation—specific
help such as entailed in a sponsorship and employ-
ment program, together with understanding and a
sympathetic attitude toward an inmate who is striv-
ing to be reinstated to his former role of respected
citizen."

The idea, I’m sure you will agree, merits your
consideration and Tom will certainly second the
notion.

The Man behind the Idea? Let me tell you about
Mr. Joe Paull.

A bespectacled, 65-year-old meat market pro-
prietor, Joe Paull is no Johnny-Come-Lately in the
field of helping others. Mr. Paull first visited the
Kastern State Penitentiary in 1923, at the invitation
of the late Alfred W. Fleisher (then Chairman of the
Board of Trustees). Mr. Fleisher met Joe during
the course of charity work Mr. Paull was doing at
the Temple Men’s Club and at the Eaglesville T. B.
Sanatorium.

At Mr. Fleisher’s request, Joe Paull came to
E. S. P. and performed for the inmates his strong
man act which had earned him the title of *‘The
Iron King.’’ When speaking of this visit, Joe Paull
will tell you, ‘‘I always thought that in order to
get something out of life it was much more import-
ant to help human beings than to just make money.
Helping gives a certain satisfaction that money can-
not buy.

“Well here was I, donating my services as an
athlete, entertaining men in trouble. Trying to bring
into their lives a few moments of something a little
different from their everyday routine. But I real-
ized at once there were more important things than
just being an athlete. In my prison audience were
men who needed other types of help. I resolved to
do all I could to contact rehabilitated inmates and
directly aid them.’’

And what a job he has done!

In this year alone, Mr. Paull has already helped
fourteen inmates formulate the parole plans needed
for their releases from E. S. P. Former inmates now
working at various jobs and conducting themselves
so well, as countless others of his selection preceding
them, they have given Joe Paull added courage to
go on in his work, following his well-known and
fully attested policy of:

‘‘I help anybody. Religion, creed or color make
no difference to me.”’

Throughout his work, Mr Raul has hace amamy
helpers. Looking over the list of those who aided
him we note:

The late Dr. Lynn Bowman, for many years
Director of Morals here.

William Portner, Sweater Manufacturer, and
his friend, Al Light, both of whom were doing simi-
lar work before ever meeting Mr. Paull, but who
gladly cooperated with this man. Through them,
Paull was taken into the B’nai B’rith, where he was
immediately appointed Chairman of Social Service.
Since then, when seeking to aid others, Mr. Paull has
received all the assistance he needed, both financial
and moral, from the B’nai B’rith.

When legal problems arise, Mr. Paull always
could go to Wiliam M. Gerber, International Vice-
President of the B’nai B’rith, who gave freely of
his time and advice.

The list is long, and Mr. Paull smilingly remem-
bers that:

“I also had the honor to work with a man who
came into the prison quite often,—Siegmund Klein,
the father of Phillip Klein, publisher of the JEWISH
TIMES in Philadelphia.

“And I kept on meeting new people who always
were willing to assist me in helping others. When
outstanding services rendered his fellow man when
in need of assistance.’’ Furey Ellis, Chairman of the
Committee of Awards, affixed his signature to the
citation accompanying the gold medal.

Again, Robert H. Fleisher, son of Albert W.,
of the Personal Aid Bureau of the Jewish Family
Service—of which Mr. Paull is also a member—ex-
pressed his opinion, and with the deepest sincerity,
that he considers Joe Paull to be America’s No. 1
professional amateur in this field of work.

During the Jewish Festival of Light, there is a
ceremony which takes place in the homes. A candle
is lit and used to lend its light to the other Hanukkah
candles. Because of this, it is called ‘‘the servant
eandle.’’ So like Mr. Paull who, by deed, lights the
fire of compassion and understanding in others, so
that they, too, might help those of us who are in
need of assistance. Who by deed, brings the prob-
lems of the holdover into the light. Who by deed,
serves and continues to serve his fellow men in
helping them regain their place in free society by
personally supplying some of the prime necessities |
for release, a job, a home and a sponsor; thus, as-
suring the releasee the self-respecting means by
which a man ean fashion a decent life in freedom...
for himself, and ultimately for society, also.
