---
id: "201"
title: "Profile..."
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The world knows full well what
is meant when men refer to
one of their fellows as ‘‘All Man.”

Profile ...

by ROBERT D. HEINEMANN

Christmas Eve many years ago, an inmate who
used to feel a sense of awkwardness in being
ill, found himself called to the hospital late at night
for emergency medical treatment. He had resisted
going, and only did so grudgingly.

As he walked mutely into the surgical ward,
ht only by a shaded nurse’s lamp, a voice greeted
him from the shadows, ‘‘Come right in, Mr. Heine-
mann, and make yourself at home.”

This surprising courtesy came from James C.
Ford, then a Hospital Attendant. The natural tone
of it made the patient pause, and smile in spite of
himself. After which he resumed his way to his
appointed bed and, because of the spirit generated
in the remark of another inmate known to him by
name only, proceeded to relax as if he were en-
titled to ‘‘make himself at home.’’

While this writer was in the hospital, he could
not help observe the attendants as they went about
their work—among them, the 243 pound Big Jim
Ford. He saw Jim lift sick men in his arms, trans-
ferring them from conveyers to their hospital beds.
He noted the out-going, easy manner that fully
accepted another’s misery and right to be as help-
less, In some cases, as a child. He seanned the at-
tendant’s face for signs of self-consciousness or a
desire to impress. He found none.

A man lay dying in that hospital, delirious. So
abusive that he was impossible to take. So afraid to
die that he was pitiful. Jim Ford spent all day by
the man’s bedside before rising to relieve himself.
When he returned, the patient rasped, ‘‘Jim, where
the hell you been? I been lookin’ for you all day!’’

‘‘And here I’ve been holding your hand all day,
buddy,’’ Jim laughed.

The patient later died in Big Jim’s arms as if
he had every right in this world to be there.

Although he sometimes worked the clock around,
Ford’s was the 3 to 11 p.m. shift. As he walked into
the ward every afternoon, the first patient to spot
him would eall out, ‘‘Jim, in here.” Why? The
answer was invariably something like, ‘‘Big Jim
sees that you get what’s coming to you. No matter
who you are.’’ The patients liked to have a man like
Ford around. Because of the confidence in him, his
presence lent an air of assurance to patients who
were otherwise not quite so sure of the care given
to them.

Years later, in 1952, Ford was promoted to a
position up in the administration building working
as valet, runner, and major-domo for a succession of
both doctors and administrators. While his new
duties revolved around the charge of their apart-
ments, for some time he continued to spend his
evenings on call in the hospital.

It has now been several years since Big Jim
was assigned to the wards, but few inmates forget
the work he did there.

Reflecting over his long Hospital experience,
Ford has this to say: “It’s a matter of patience. If
a man has no patience, he doesn’t belong in a hos-
pital in the first place. I’ve been called everything
but my own name by sick men. But there is some-
thing every patient is entitled to... he can get sick
the way he likes, and die the way he hkes, or just
the best way he can. I don’t beheve in making
judgments there. When I worked in the Hospital,
it was my business to be helpful. It was the pa-
tients’ business only to be sick the best way they
knew how.

‘‘Over the years, I suppose I helped care for
lots of dying men. With the dying, you try to
comfort and pacify—whatever they want or think
they want to keep them from feeling fear. You get
used to death. You feel sorry inside for every-
body, no matter who. But you don’t show any

“Wherever he goes he seems to leave a trail of good will behind him.”

emotion. The only thing that matters is to make
it easy for him—as easy as you can.’’

Yet one must realize that Ford’s claim to our
attention goes far beyond the fact that he was
once a good Hospital Attendant. For wherever he
works, wherever he goes about the institution, he
seems to leave a trail of good will behind him.

The writer has almost daily contact, not with
the man, but with his reputation He has been in
his assigned office on numerous occasions when Ford
walked by to deliver interdepartmental mail and
papers. Many times men waiting to be interviewed
by the Director of Treatment have ambled over to
comment, ‘‘You know him?’’

“Some,’’ I reply with a quizzical look.

‘‘He’s all man,” is the simple explanation for
the inquiries.

The world around knows full well what is
meant when men refer to one of their fellows in
this manner.

Jim came to ESP on January 24, 1944, to begin
service of his life term. In that period of time he
has earned a respect among inmates and officials
that could very well be without equal. To be
genuinely trusted and liked on both sides of the
prison fence cannot come about by ‘‘straddling the
fence’’ but only by having what it takes to walk
through it. Without ever forgetting you are an
inmate! You succeed at this sort of thing because
you are real, not because you try to be, however sin-
cerely.

Throughout his confinement, wherever Big Jim
went, people seemed to want him there. He never
went where he did not belong, had no business, or
had to first prepare the way by tricks of social skill.
Yet he seemed to belong everywhere, to judge by
his acceptance wherever he happened to be. Even
in his work assignments, each job he has had was a
promotion at the request of others desiring not only
his competent services but the easy pleasure of hav-
ing him around. As an example: presently work-
ing in the Warden’s private office, Ford receives this
appraisal from Mr. Banmiller, ‘‘Jim is the man I’d
want working for me in my own home!”

Some of the duties Big Jim has carried, as in
the Hospital, were under a certain amount of pres-
sure. Involving stress situations that either reveal
the man, or “show a man up. ‘The assurance,
serenity and good humor that Jim reflected and re-
flects ‘‘everyday’’, so to speak, further reveal him.

The basis then of the esteem in which Big Jim
Ford is held must be a response to his character.

And to something more than the usual integrity and
dependability considered to represent good char-
acter.

Something else.

Something which could be felt most clearly at
time of the decision to profile this inmate. At the
time I consulted with the inmate Advisors to the
staff of this magazine. Old-timers all, they snorted
in amusement when I asked their opinion of Jim
Ford.

One of them took me aside. ‘‘Do you mean to
say you have to ask anybody about Big Jim? He’s
a natural for Profile. Every one who knows him is
a better man for knowing him, because what he
appeals to is the best ina man. Understands men in
all walks of life. He reaches all levels with what
he has— an ability to put a man at ease.”’

There is that something else of character. Some-
thing else which can be seen and sensed again in
Ford’s own words:

“It suppose I make do with what I have. It
does no good to complain or beg. I run the race
that’s before me—or try to, anyway. And as for
the other fellow, as long as he doesn’t hurt anybody
I don’t care how he does his time—to me, every man
is a man, until he proves differently ... and I’ve
never had a man prove differently. Most of what
a man might be tempted to hold against another .. .
is none of his business to begin with.

“I like people. Like to be with people, social
people especially, not a notoriety bunch. People
who can have fun without going overboard are the
best. I like to treat others the way I like and ex-
pect for them to treat me. To involve the other
person in your personal feelings or trouble; to take
people the way other people find them; to let others
form judgments for you; to judge others in their
own personal and private business,—I guess that is
what I would call weakness.

‘‘Am I talking about dignity? I don’t know.
But if it’s dignity, then I think dignity is to mind
your own business, yet help people when you ean.
Every man should help the other fellow. I re-
member that what holds true for me is true for all
of us... that you can get more out of a man by
kindness than you can by any other way in the
world.”’

Take it all together, and you have the essence
of Ford’s character... dignity. Dignity that tells.
And dignity that lends itself to others, as the oc-
casion warrants, in such a way that they, too, feel
more dignified.
