---
id: "202"
title: "Spotlight on the Electric Shop"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Mr. Snyder, pointing to automatic
voltmeter and ammeter, as Mr. “Mac”,
at left, and Lieut. Roach look on ap-
provingly. Unidentified inmates are
electric department employees.

spotlight on the Electric Shop

Under expert supervision, conscientious inmates
are preparing for their future by acquiring a
trade, an advantage in this age of electronics.

by L. J. BIANCONE

In keeping with the editorial policy of featuring at least one phase of
institutional activity, the literary candlepower for this edition’s
spotlight beam—like electrons of inspiration—is furnished by the
Electrical Maintenance Department.

The Electric Department, under the supervision of Chief Hlec-
trician Richard J. McLaughlin, is one of several divisions in a vast net-
work of maintenance operations at Eastern State Penitentiary re-
flecting the genius of the Building and Trades Department headed by
Lieut. Joseph J. Roach.

When Echo sought and received the Lieutenant’s consent to spot-
light this department, he generously conducted us on a guided tour
of the institution’s multi-thousand dollar power station, which is
normally out of bounds for visitors.

The modern power station, constructed almost entirely by inmate
labor, provided the writer with all the advantage of a playgoer in the
audience of a stage play—illuminated by the sweat and pride of the
men who built it—as Lieut. Roach, Arthur W. Snyder, electrical in-
gtructor; and Mr. ‘‘Mac’’, chief electrician, relived the days of GSA.

Nearly a decade ago, the General State Authority undertook to
overhaul the ancient prison’s antiquated electrical system. Mr.
Snyder, a Delaware County resident, headed one of several inmate
crews assigned to the enormous project. Besides erecting and equip-

"... performing essential chores ... saving taxpayers thousands of dollars."

ping the new sub-station, inmates cut, bent, threaded,
and installed thousands of feet of electrical conduit.
Millions of feet of cable and wire were subsequently
‘‘fished’’ through the conduits; spliced and skillfully
connected at hundreds of junction points. Thence,
to circuit panels, breakers, and switches, inmates had
previously installed.

Inmates with aptitudes were unceremoniously
developed into journeymen. Invariably, such in-
mates were given the blueprints to various elevations
and segments, expertly making installations and con-
nections on their own, according to specifications.
Less skilled inmates performed other essential chores
with equal effectiveness. Thus saving taxpayers
thousands of dollars. The institution literally swarm-
ed with activity, and the inmates never violated the
confidence placed in them.

The ancient system employed a Self-generating
steam plant which produced direct current, commonly
known as ‘‘D.C.’’ The new system operates through
two 2800-Volt feeders from the Philadelphia Hlectric
Company, producing alternating current, known as
‘‘A.C." The purpose of the two feeders is readily
understood. One is for lighting and the other for
power; the latter being used extensively to operate
the various machinery throughout the prison indus-
tries.

In addition to the two-phase power, both feeders
are transformed to three-phase to facilitate operation
of heavy-duty motors by means of a four-wire Scott
connected transformer (666K VA). Of course, this
has no Significance to the average layman. However,
those familiar with the technical aspects of electricity
will readily identify this system as a modern and
elaborate setup, which requires highly skilled main-
tenance. In examining the maintenance records of
this department, the writer found inmates responded
to an amazing average of 30 service calls per single
day throughout the year of 1956. These service calls
range anywhere from the mere replacement of a light
to a major trouble-shooting job; not to mention new
installations from time to time.

In addition to regular maintenance on 24-hour
call, some inmates specialize in servicing radio, tele-
vision, and other electrical appliances. Unusually
expert in this field is inmate Arthur Hoch, who
enjoys the reputation within the confines of the in-
Stitubiom that tr he amit ie i 1 mush pe
junk!’’ Of course, there are others (just to name a
few) like Frank Herley and Jim Byasse, in the ad-
vanced stage of ‘‘learning.’’

When asked how such men fare as parole risks,
Lieut. Roach said, ‘‘you’d be surprised!’’ We were
not only surprised but interested to know. We think
the reader is, too, so here it is in the lieutenant’s own
words:

“We don’t mean to imply that the mere learning
of a trade will keep a man out of prison, but it is a
tremendous advantage in this era of Building and
Trades boom. I personally know of inmates . . over
the years . . considered as undesirables . . .some were
habituals and lifers . . . who soon found themselves,
so to speak, right here in the Maintenance Depart-
ment. Even though some of them cannot be classi-
fied as journeymen, they are now holding down good
paying jobs ... and so far, I am fairly convinced
they are straightened out.

‘‘One fellow, in particular, went directly from
our department to an architectural firm registered
in five states, and is employed as a draftsman. There
are many others doing equally as well... and you
can’t imagine the wonderful feeling it is to have
these boys call on the phone nearly every week just
to ask me how I am doing... or how the world goes
with somebody else. Of course, I realize this is
merely to assure me that the confidence in these
boys has been well placed. However, you can’t con-
trol confidence, or even change moral values, with a
circuit breaker. Strictly up to the man himself, and
the treatment he receives.’’

All we can add to this is our journalistic ‘‘30’’
and thanks for the ‘‘electrons of inspiration’’ prom-
ised in our lead.
