---
id: "204"
title: "An Analysis of Parole as a Penological Expedient"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
An Analysis
of
Parole as a
Penological Expedient

(FOREWORD)

The reader will recall the miracle wrought in
one of Pharaoh’s dreams, that seven lean cattle swal-
lowed the seven fat kine, yet the former remained
miraculously lean. The writer, with only a layman’s
brain, endeavored to digest volumes of research ma-
terial in an effort to emerge with a lean report of
his own. Therefore, if some of the views are inade-
quately presented, let the reader think of the biblical
precedent and forgive his inability in the waking
state to reverse the laws of nature, a miracle so
readily wrought in the dream state. The facts are
merely presented in the hope that they may prove
both enlightening and provocative.

PAROLE DEFINED

Parole, as a penological expedient, is undoubted-
ly here to stay. In the words of the eminent authors,
Barnes and Teeters, who produced ‘‘New Horizons
in Criminology,’’ the pin pricks of criticism have
little effect in nullifying the system; rather they tend
to eall for a redoubling of effort on the part of its
friends to enlist the support of progressive judges
and legislators.’’

According to Phillip Kline, author of ‘‘ Prison
Methods of New York State,’’ the first use of the
word ‘‘parole’’ in America, was in 1846, when Dr.
S. G. Howe, (husband of Julia Ward Howe) wrote
to the Prison Association of New York: “ ...I
believe there are many prisoners who may be so
trained to be left out on their parole during the last
period of their imprisonment with safety.’’

When our present constitution was adopted,
parole, as a penological expedient, was unknown
to American jurists and legislators. The system of
parole was introduced in America in the Elmira
Reformatory, which was created in 1869 but not

“The pin pricks of criticism have little effect in nullifying the system; rather they
tend to call for a redoubling of effort.”

opened until 1875. It was first adopted in the Ameri-
ean prison system in 1884 by the State of Ohio. How-
ever, it did not come into general use until the first
decade of the 90’s. It made its initial entrance into
Pennsylvania when the Huntingdon Reformatory
was organized in 1887, and subsequently adopted by
our State Penitentiaries in 1909; and our county
jails in 1911.

By 1942, there were only three states without
parole laws; Virginia, Florida, and Mississippi. Also,
there were then eleven states without indeterminate
sentence laws: Delaware, Florida, Kentucky, Mary-
land, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Oklahoma,
Rhode Island, South Carolina, Virginia and of course,
the Federal system. Nearly all have since come into
the fold. Pennsylvania maintains both the inde-
terminate and definite (flat) sentence laws; the latter
bemg only applicable to misdemeanor offenses, for
which punishment is prescribed at simple imprison-
ment in the county jail.

However, it was not until legislative enactment
of the Act of August 6, 1941, Public Law 861, which
ereated the present parole system in Pennsylvania,
with subsequent amendments. This Act, which became
effective on June 1, 1942, provided for the establish-
ment of a uniform and exclusive system for the
administration of parole in Pennsylvania. The law,
in part, was subsequently found defective by the
State Supreme Court, and was amended accordingly.

It is interesting to note that volumes have been
written, — one in particular by an eminent legal
writer — challenging the constitutionality of Penn-
sylvania’s indeterminate sentence law and parole
system. (Pennsylvama’s Indeterminate Sentence
Law Unconstitutional, Kerr.) However, no less than
132 appeals have bombarded the appellate courts,
including the United States Supreme Court, attack-
ing one phase or a combination of several, of the pres-
ent system; not including a plethora of similar litiga-
tions before the various trial courts, and the Federal
courts after all state remedies had been exhausted.
In each instance, the parole statute was upheld as
constitutionally sound!

Thus, the Pennsylvania legislature, for the first
time in its history, created an independent admini-
strative body with exclusive power to parole and re-
parole, to commit and recommit for parole violations,
in any penal institution of the State or of a County.

The powers and duties of the Parole Board,
however, do not extend to persons sentenced to a
maximum period of less than two years. As to such
persons, the Criminal Courts retain their present
power as defined under the Act of June 19, 1911,
P.L. 1059. Neither is the Board given any authority
over prisoners condemned to death or serving life im-
prisonment, unless the sentence so imposed is reduced
—by executive clemency— to an indeterminate term
comprised of a minimum and maximum sentence.

There is a radical distinction between commu-
tation, pardon and parole. Both commutation of
sentence and pardon are exercises of the sovereign’s
prerogative mercy. This prerogative is conferred up-
on the Governor by Article IV, Section 9, of the
State Constitution, and cannot be delegated to any
other source.

The function of the State Board of Pardons is
merely one of fact finding, with recommendations
for clemency made to the Governor, who may or may
not act favorably since such recommendations are
not binding. All State prisoners, including lifers
and ‘“‘habituals’’, are eligible to make application for
executive clemency through the Board of Pardons at
one year intervals, beginning with the first day of
commitment after sentence-is imposed. Only after
the expiration of a minimum sentence—whether by
commutation or imposition—is the prisoner eligible to
apply for parole. Although a commutation, or re-
duction of (minimum) sentence is authorized by the
Governor, parole is not automatic. The recipient of
this form of sovereign’s prerogative action is still
Subject to the discretionary powers of the Board of
Parole.

With respect to a pardon, however, it completely
frees the offender from the control of the State; and
the Board of Parole, or any other agency of the State,
has no further jurisdiction. A pardon not only ex-
empts the recipient from further confinement, but
relieves him from all the legal disabilities from his
conviction. It blots out the very existence of his guilt,
so that in the eye of the law, he is thereafter as
innocent as if he had never committed the offense.

(Diehl v. Rodgers, 169 Pa. 32 A. 424; Commonwealth
v. Quarranta, 295 Pa. A. 89, 93.)

The parolee is not discharged, but merely serves
the remainder of his sentence by having his liberty
restrained in a manner analogous to that employed in
the “‘trusty’’ or ‘“‘honor’’ system of prison discipline.
This is defined by the United States Supreme Court
in the following legal language:

... the parolee is bound to remain in the legal
custody and under the control . . until the expiration
of the term ... While this is an amelioration of
punishment, a 1s mm legal effect imprisonment.’’

(Anderson v. Corall, 263, U.S. 198, 196.)

Under the constitution, the legislature has power
to determine the penological system of the Common-
wealth. What the legislature gives it can take away
in whole or in part—and vest in some other agency
of the government; providing, of course, such legis-
lation is constitutionally sound. It may even abolish
prisons altogether and adopt some other method of
enforcing the criminal law.

The theory of parole as it now exists is that,
instead of an inflexible system of continued imprison-
ment for all malefactors, it is better to allow some
governmental agency, made up of persons presumably
qualified for the purpose, to prescribe in some in-
stances, and at some stage of process of the sentence,
appropriate individual consideration for rehabilita-
tion of prisoners and their restoration to normal life.

In the final analysis here, parole is a conditional
release from imprisonment—not reviewable by the
Courts—since the only sentence recognized by the
law is the maximum sentence; and not the minimum
sentence. Therefore, it must be concluded that the
parolee under this conditional release remains a
prisoner until the judgment of the maximum sen-
tence is terminated.

In part II of this article, we shall deal with the
wisdom of this theory, its partial success, partial
failures, and some astonishing and amazing results.
