---
id: "205"
title: "Not a Creature Was Stirring...Not Even a Mouse"
author: "HARPER, N. Buddington"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ILLUSTRATED BY
JAMES MORRISON

Not a Creature was Stirring, Not Even a Mouse 

“Gentlemen,” said the elder of the three, “this is it!
We are here!”

by N. BUDINGTON HARPER

The Three Wise Men sought for a sign. And they
were wise, indeed. For silent was the night and
the glory of the stars had not been enough.
But now in this great hour, with wisdom begotten
of experience, the elder of the three sages had
reckoned.

‘‘Gentlemen,’’ said he, “‘this it it! We are
here!’’

“You are certain?’’ questioned one of the ven-
erable companions.

The elder pointed a gnarled finger. “There...
see it?”

And it was so. The sage of doubt questioned
no further.

‘‘Bethlehem!’’ he exclaimed.

‘‘Bethlehem, Pennsylvania!’’ agreed the third
wise man, reading the station-marker at which the
elder’s finger had pointed.

"Is it now?’’ came the anxious query.

The elder considered the question.

“Yes,’’? he decided. ‘‘Likely a spot as any.
Now is the time.”’

‘‘Whenever you’re ready, then, we are,’’ re-
sponded one of the three.
“The presents, cautioned the elder. ‘‘Don’t
forget them.’’

"I have mine ..."

‘‘Likewise," added the third of the Magi.
“The gifts we bear are here.

Thus having spoken above the noisy clatter of
the freight as it rattled slowly along, the trio edged
nearer to the door of the boxcar in which they were
riding.

‘‘Remember,’’ counselled the all-knowing elder,
‘‘there’s nothing to it. First, the presents. Throw
them clear. Then just follow me and jump. Are
we agreed ?”

“Agreed.’’

"And ready ...?"

“Ready!’’

In unison almost, the three ancient figures
spilled themselves along the right-of-way, tumbling
into the soft, deep snow. Disturbing only the
silence the freight rumbled on, then faded soon into
the far distance of the night.

“Where now shall we find the Little One?”
asked one of the three.

The elder assured him, ‘‘Be of good cheer. The
place shall presently be found.”

The Three trudged along a quiet, white-mantled
street of the peace-nestling town. Minutes passed.
Then came their reward. They stood before a
brightly hghted bungalow.

But one of the Three stood hesitant in doubt.
He whispered, ‘‘There’s a law against trespassing.
And on this night, who among us wants to be
stirred ?”

"Stirred ?”

"Put in jail."

‘‘But we came this far to see the Child, did we
not?’’ asked the elder.

“Yes.’’

"Follow then, for there is no other way.’’

The venerable ones obeyed.

Moving cautiously across the snow-encrusted
lawn, secure in the shadow of an evergreen standing
tall in the cold starry night, the aged ones neared
a window at the far side of the house. They hud-
dled there, moved closer, pressing against each
other for a better view of the room inside.

Suddenly something blunt and lethal jammed
hard against the elder’s back. An icy voice said,
‘‘All right... the three of you. Don’t move. Just
reach ... high!"

The startled ones obeyed, then turned slowly
around. A policeman stood before them. ‘‘Don’t
you prowlers ever take a night off? Not even
Christmas eve?’’ The officer frisked the three as
he spoke.

‘‘But we’re not prowlers!’’ spoke the elder
defensively. ‘‘Please ... it’ll take only a minute
to explain!”

“Well,’’ the officer decided, ‘‘seeing as how
none of you are armed, start talking. And you’ve
got just one minute!”

“The beginning was last year,’’ spoke the elder.
‘‘The little girl who lives here with her father had
come down to the city, to the department store where
we three are employed each year as Santa Clauses.
And there it was that the accident happened.”

“Accident ?”

‘‘Yes,’’ continued the elder. ‘‘It was in the
toyland department. There was a model city, a
miniature with all the hustle and bustle of the real
thing. Naturally, electricity was the secret factor
behind these moving figures and toys; but, too, this
meant there were exposed wires to be avoided. It
was for the kiddies, their show. But to insure
safety, to be viewed by the youngsters from the out-
side of a glass barrier. O’Brien and Johnson here,
they handled the operating controls. Me, I was the
Santa Claus-in-charge.’’

The old man paused, setting the incident aright
in his mind. His companions shifted uneasily,
nervous in the officer’s presence. But the officer
waited patiently.

“It seems the little girl’s father had been
making a purchase at one of the counters,’’ resumed
the old man, ‘‘and the child just wandered away.
Then, fascinated by the lifelike movement of the
toys beyond the glass barrier, before anyone realized
what had happened, she’d scampered under my legs
and into that room with its maze of exposed wires.

‘‘I shouted. Tried to stop her. But already
she’d clutched at one of the moving dolls. The
shock sent her sprawling to the floor. Sparks from
the short-circuited doll followed, then in a split
second the highly inflammable decorations were on
fire.’’

Once more the old man paused, mopping his
brow of perspiration that was not there. The
minute had passed. But the officer offered no re-
minder of the fact.

“Well,’’ the elder went on, ‘‘after a few anxious
moments, we managed to rescue the little girl, and
the fire was brought under control. The three of
us, well... we had to be patched up a bit. But the
child, unfortunately, her’s was the real tragedy.
Enough to require plastic surgery. That meant
money for a series of expensive operations needed to
make the little girl well again.”

"But the store... ?"

‘‘It had taken every necessary precaution to
reasonably insure the safety of its customers.
Neither the store nor its employees could be held
hable. No one was exactly to blame. Unavoidably,
the child had trespassed.’’

‘‘But, the operations? And the money needed
for them?’’ the officer asked quickly.

‘‘My friends here, and myself,’’ spoke the elder
modestly. ‘‘We chipped in together. The hospital
was good enough to let us foot the bill on the install-
ment plan, and promised not to tell the little girl’s
father of the arrangement. Guess he’s always
figured the management of the store had a change
of heart and took care of the bill for him.”’

“You mean, without being obliged to do so,
you three undertook to pay such a bill?’’

"Yes."

"Could you afford it?"

“Hardly. But somehow we’d gotten attached
to the little sprite. We were concerned about her
getting well. And she did, a few months ago.”

The officer shook his head, almost disbelievingly.
‘‘And so in this snow storm,’’ he asked, ‘‘you’ve
come all the way up here from the city, just to see
the little girl?’’

“Yes... as soon as we finished our stint in the
store tonight, we decided to make this trip as a sort
of pilgrimage, to see for ourselves that the little one
was well and happy.”’

‘‘But with normal transportation at a stand-
still ... how?"

‘‘That was no problem to us,’’ said the elder,
venturing a sly grin. ‘When our bus stalled about
three miles out of town, a slow freight happened
conveniently by. Being an ex-brakie, I know the
angles for grabbing a ride. O’Brien and Johnson
were willing, so here we are.’’

The officer stroked his chin reflectively. ‘‘It’s
an incredible story you’ve told me, indeed.’’

"You don’t believe us then?’’ asked the elder,
really concerned now. ‘‘You mean, you’re going
to put us in jail?’’

“Now who said anything about jail? After
such a fine story, | wouldn’t be stirring anyone on
this night... no sir, not even a mouse.”

“You believe us, then?’’

“Yes.”

The three venerable ones sighed with relief.
Once more their gifts were secure in their hands.

‘‘There’s just one final favor,’’ spoke the elder.
"These presents. Will you see to it that the little
girl gets them?”’

“Why don’t you handle that matter your-
selves?’’ asked the officer. ‘‘Don’t tell me you’re
satisfied just to peek through a window, as though
the child were a sideshow spectacle?”

‘‘Well, you see,’’ explained the elder, “we never
got to see that child’s father that day because of the
confusion and the gathering crowd. But somehow
it seems he held the three of us to blame for the ac-
cident. And we were told there’d be no telling what
might happen if ever he got to lay hands on anyone
of us.”

The officer scowled. ‘‘So... that’s it,’’ he said.
"Come along, you three. We'll see about that!’’
He led the way then, toward the front of the bunga-
low. The aged ones followed, hesitantly.

“But ... the child’s father!’’ protested the
elder. ‘‘I’ve explained... !”

Just then the door of the house opened. A
very pretty little girl stood there. In the glow of
the porch light, she saw the officer and the three old
men that were with him.

‘‘Daddy!’’ she exclaimed. Arms outstretched,
she ran eagerly forward. ‘‘Who are your friends?
And they carry so many packages! Three of
them .. . just like the Wise Men that visited the
Babe in the Manger!”

The officer gathered the little girl into his arms,
unashamed of the sudden lump in his throat. ‘‘Yes,
my precious one. These friends are men of good
will, bearing gifts to a little child. And now... I
want you to meet them."
