---
id: "206"
title: "The Sports Page"
author: "Poltorak, Steve; Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0022.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE SPORTS PAGE

FOOTBALL SEASON OPENS

by STEVE POLTORAK and HENRY MYERS

EAGLES AND BEARS TIE 0-0

Oct. 1, 1957—Twenty-two men crashed the wall—
the wall of defense, that is.

The lightweight Eagles and Bears opened the
football season with a scoreless tie. The billies were
out for this one. Billy Essen, Billy Hallowell and
Billy Wright.

Both teams were pretty evenly matched, but the
loss of Billy Hallowell and Felix Capone through
injuries may have hurt the teams.

Ray Thompson and newcomer Harry Zeitz
played a fine defensive game.

STARTING LINE-UPS
Eagles                               Bears
Billy Hallowell    Q.B.       Felix Capone
Jenkins            F.B.         Rob Watson
Charley Gindle     H.B.       Ray Thompson
Al Kemp            H.B.        Tommy Lyons
Henry Saby         R.E.  Socrates Cantoral
Billy Hssen        L.E.        Harry Zeitz
"Trish" Cullen     R.G.    Robert Anderson
William Mueller    L.G.       Louis Weston
Gerald Richardson  R.T. Bill "Shad" Layden
Robert E. Lee      L.T.        Barret Duke
"Zip" Petner       C.         Emanuel Rehm

Also seeing action for the Hagles were: Samson,
L.G.; Horace, L.H.; Pee Wee, C.; John Jason, L.T.
and Joe Antonowiecz, L.T.

Also seeing action for the Bears were: William
‘‘Kray’’ Schoonmaker, G.; Billy Wright, T.; Art
Harper, G.; ‘‘Salty’’ Powell, E.; Don Cooperstein,
E. and Robert Jameson, Q.B.

BEARS WIN OVER EAGLES 13-12
Oct. 7, 1957—The lightweight Bears squeezed by
the lightweight Eagles 13-12 as both teams were
hampered by injuries and the lack of reserves.

The bullet-like passes of Mack at quarterback
and the power drives of Brogan at fullback helped
the Bears win the contest.

Ends ‘‘Sabu’’ Saby and Al Kemp played a fine
offensive and defensive game for the Bears. Pee
Wee stood out at center and Buffalo and Sucky
played a good game.

The Bears remain undefeated.

BEARS CLAW BISONS 12-6

Oct. 12, 1957—The lightweight Bears won over the
lightweight Bisons to extend their unbeaten season.

Billy Hallowell and Tommy Lyons were the
real estate gainers in this game, but Dick Herald,
right end for the Bears, was the outstanding player.
Dick scored both touchdowns.

For the Bisons Tobin, quarterback, and Buffalo,
playing manager, stood out. Mack was their best
pass tosser.

STARTING LINE-UPS
Bears                              Bisons
Billy Hallowell    Q.B.     Charles Tobin
Rob Watson         F.B.     "Juice" Cohen
Ray Thompson       H.B.  "Buffalo" Blount
Tommy Lyons        H.B.      "Mac" MeNair
Socrates Cantoral  E.               Kerry
Dick Herald        E.               Payne
Robert Anderson    G.         Otis Martin
Louis Weston       G.     "Peneils" Willy
"Shad" Layden      T.          John Agnew
Barret Duke        T.         John Yancey
Emanuel Rehm       C.          Hill-Billy

Also seeing action for the Bisons were: William
‘‘Turk’’ Baity, Ernest Jackson and Gaylord.

EAGLES UPSET BEARS 12-0

Oct. 15, 1957—The lightweight Eagles pulled off the
biggest upset of the season by beating the hereto-
fore undefeated Bears 12-0.

The feature play of the game was the long
touchdown pass from Billy Hallowell to Tobin as
the Eagles outplayed the Bears in all departments.

The Bears were just not up for this one, but
Socrates Cantoral, Harry Zeitz and Anderson looked 
good on defense.

RELIABLE A.C. WINS OVER CARDINALS

Oct. 19, 1957—Heavyweight Reliable A.C. won over
the heavyweight Cardinals 6-0 as John ‘‘Obie’’
O’Brien hit Billy Hallowell with a 30-yard ‘‘elutch’’
pass in the closing minutes of the game.

The Cardinals had a chance to score when they
recovered their own kick on Reliable’s 3-yard line
in the first quarter, but they hit a stone wall.

In the second quarter the Cardinals had another
chance to score when Toby intercepted a pass on
Reliable’s 12-yard line, but they could not reach
pay dirt.

Once again the Cardinals failed when their
sustained drive fell short on Reliable’s 3-yard line,
in the third quarter.

Reliable A.C. converted their only real chance
into a score when glue-fingered Billy Hallowell
grabbed the pass from ‘‘Obie’’ on a fourth down
play.

Outstanding players for Reliable A.C. were:
Billy Hallowell, John ‘‘Obie’’ O’Brien, Hank ‘‘the
Tank" Myers, William ‘‘Big Bill’’ Conrey and
Curley.

For the Cardinals: Charles Adderly, Levi
Jones, Charles Tobin and Pyle were impressive.

The game showed clean play by both sides, and
good officiating by Mr. T. H. Graham, Director of
Education, ‘‘Gill’ Gilmore and Dave ‘‘Davy Croc-
kett’’ Croxton.

‘Good game,’’ said one of the spectators, and all
others seemed to agree.

STARTING LINE-UPS

Reliable A.C.                     Cardinals
"Obie" O’Brien     Q.B.       Charlie Tobin
"Big Bill" Conrey  F.B.     Charles Adderly
Billy Hallowell    H.B.   “Pyle" Sandivaiol
Ray Thompson       H.B.        Ditty Wright
Joe Battles        L.E.       Phillip Locke
"Curley" Heath     R.E.        "Zich" Wells
George Fox         L.G.  "Wild Bill" Naylor
"Nails" Neal       R.G.   "Big Dave" Wilder
John Long          L.T.  "Tampa Red" Dublin
Hank Myers         R.T.    James Brickhouse
"Whitey" Raimer    C.            Hill-Billy

Also seeing action for Reliable A.C. were: Joe
Whitley, Line Coach; Felix Capone, H.B.; Joe Buz-
zard, Coach; ‘‘Shad’’ Layden, H.B.; Joe Antono-
wiecz, L.T.; ‘‘Preacher’’ Schaedler, R.G.; ‘‘Sabu’’
Saby, L.E.; Joe Chiarolanza, C.

Also seeing action for the Cardinals were:
Levi Jones, H.B.; ‘‘Deacon’’ Brown, Coach; Drake,
R.H.B.; ‘‘Turk’’ Baity, R.H.B.; Al Sheppard, R.E.;
Howard Hamson, L.E.; Otis Martin, R.T.; ‘‘Pencils”’
Willy Thornton, L.G.; Augustus Wesley III, R.G.;
Pee Wee, C.

CEASAR COPS BOCCE TITLE

Super Champ Ceasar Della Valle, not being
satisfied with the singles title, teamed up with
Joseph ‘‘Muscles’’ Ferra to win the doubles match
also. Both champs are ready to put their titles on
the line to any interested challengers. Any takers?
