---
id: "208"
title: "A Talk with Joe"
author: "Poltorak, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Talk With Joe
by Steve Poltorak

FOOTBALL

The purpose of this interview with Mr. Joe
Doakes was to collect odd sport stories for the
Eastern Echo:

‘‘I will be very glad to help you, if I can,”
replied Mr. Doakes to our request:

Q — What was your greatest disappointment
in Sports?

A — My greatest disappointment happened in
high school football. I was a substitute end, for
four years. People called me "Almost” Doakes,
because I never quite got into a game.

Q — Did you get disappointed ?

A — Almost, but I got a chance for fame and
immortality in the last game of tlie season of my
senior year. Our school had an unbeaten and un-
tied record, but the game was in the last quarter and
neither team scored when our regular left end was
injured and I was called in to play. This was my
chance .... my girl .... my friends .... my school,
everything was at stake and destiny gave me the
nod .... I would win. Yes, I had my chance
with one minute left to play the quarterback called
for a forward pass with me as the receiver. This
was it .... I broke vast .... faked to the right ....
cut to the left and was in the-clear. I grabbed a
flying object and ran 70 yards for a touchdown.

Q — Well! what was the disappointment? .

A — The football that the quarterback threw
hit a low-flying gull and stunned it. I caught the
gull. The opposition intercepted the football and
scored the winning touchdown. After that the
people called me ‘‘Gull-ible’’ Doakes.

BASEBALL

Q — What game in your baseball career do you
remember most, Mr. Doakes?

A —- In my senior year at College, I was pitch-
ing and having a great year. One day I was tip-
ped off that four big league scouts would be watch-
ing the last game. Visions of a fat bonus, an ocean
gondola, and lifting the mortage from the goober
farm flitted through my mind. In the big game my
curve was breaking like a geese’s neck and the fast
ball was so fast it blushed. Inning after inning
went by without a score for either side and the
game went into extra innings. In the eleventh inn-
ing, I lost. all my stuff, but great defensive plays by
the team retired the first two batters, and up to bat
stepped Jack Bigox, the opposition’s clean-up hitter.
My first delivery was a ealled strike but he hit the
second ball with such a loud “crack’’ that all the
dogs in the neighborhood dropped their bones, but
it was a foul ball.

Q — Were you scared?

A — Yes, but I had a trick of skullduggery up
my sleeve. I switched the baseball for a peeled,
oval-shaped potato I had hidden in my pockets, for
just’ such a purpose. I cranked-up and threw the
offset spud on its odd, eccentric, dancing flight to-
ward the plate. The big ox swung with all his
biceps ....... and connected.

Q —What happened?
A — Potato mist! No one knew what hap-
pened: the umpire must have got some of the potato
mist in his eye, because he called it a home run.

BOXING

SPORTCASTER: “This fracas. is almost ready
to get underway. In the far corner, wearing white,
is Jack ‘‘Palooka’’ Bigox; in the near corner, wear-
ing black, is Joe ‘‘Punchy’’ Doakes. The ‘pall rlngs
and the two knights’ of the knobby ears come out
swinging. Bigox smotes Doakes in the midriff with
his right and sends a straight left to Doakes beezer,
then follows with a two- ton rabbit punch. As the
bell rings Doakes goes to his corner and asks for a
little weak tea with lemon and Bigox Eges to the
corner and reads a comic book.

ANNOUNCER: Use Paos Shaving Cream.
Don’t forget, a beard well-lathered is half shaved:
and our cream contains soap; in fact, Paos spelled
backward is soap. There’s the gong.

SPORTCASTER: Bigox Ghops his comic book
and lets go a beautiful right to Doakes’s nose that
uncorks the ketchup bottle. Doakes is wobbling
around very loose in the hinges, absorbing leather
like a sponge taking water. Bigox is showing a
right that is sheer poetry in motion. After this
fight, Doakes will spend years picking the resin
from his conk; he has been knocked down so often
he has a cauliflower back and his feet are facing
south of his neck. There goes the bell, bringing this
massacre to anend. The referee and the Judges are
making their decisions. ae it is—the winner by
unanimous decision is ... er .... Joe Doakes. Good
Night, Folks.
