---
id: "21"
title: "Field Events"
author: "Poltorak, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0022.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FIELD EVENTS
by STEVE POLTORAK

JULY 4th FIELD EVENTS

The 4th of July, as usual, has proven to be the
big day for the inmate - participation Field Events.
Prizes were won, heroes and goats were made and
the Braggarts got their come-uppance. The Orchestra
made some surprisingly good sounds adding to the
gala atmosphere. A slight sprinkle of rain at mid-
morning failed to dampen the enthusiasm of the
spectators and judging from the chuckles and cheers
a good time was had by many.

COMMENTS: WISE AND OTHERWISE

Hats Off: to Mr. Graham, Director of Sports;
he kept the events moving along nicely, with a
minimum of space and equipment and a maximum
of timing and improvising.

Speaking of Field Events; we note, with
interest, That TEMPUS (Graterford’s new entry in
Prison Journals) had a feature article on Weight
Lifting. This reporter was asked by several
readers about Weight Lifting for this institution.
It appears it would fit in nicely with our Field
Events and Sports program. It would require
little cost after the initial outlay, it would require
space which is at a premium here and it would show
great benefit to the interested parties.

Billie Hollowell: Won the Sack Race—it must have
been in the bag.
A suspicious looking
pictures of the events.
A Fourth of July without firecrackers, but every-
body got a bang out the Field Events.

BASEBALL: The Old Men’s Team defeated the
Younguns 8 to 7. Arf-Arf.
Someone claimed a foul in the wheelbarrow race.
Said Muscles Capone raised McKenna off the ground
and carried him across the goal.

Rufus limped to the jump-off and fell a distance of
19.4’ to win himself the broadjump contest. Luckily
he wasn’t trying.

RACE: The best race of the day, was the human
race.

HANDBALL: Holmes outlasted big Joe O’Donnell
in a hard-fought, close game in the semi-finals.

HANDBALL: Jameson and Jimmie McKenna tied
up in a terrific game, but McKenna was up for this
one and won a close one.

ATHLETE OF THE DAY: Jimmie McKenna won
and placed in more contests than anyone else.

Shaky Chase straightened up and flew reet to win
both the dashes to the tune of a couple of Cartoons.
