---
id: "210"
title: "Crying Charlie"
author: "Cullen, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CRYING CHARLIE

by ROBERT F. CULLEN

It is a cold January in Philly, and not having a
ticket to the warm lands down South, I find my-
self heading toward the warmth of Sad Sam’s
Billiard Parlor. Now, ordinarily I do not frequent
Sam’s joint as his class of clientele is of such a nature
that half of them wind up sitting in a chair when
they should have stood, while the other half spend
much of their time in those highwalled places where
they are protected from the temptations that beset
us all on occasion.

As I enter Sam’s I see a group of characters in
the back and they are arguing most vehemently.
Having spent much time gazing at the pictures in
the post office, I can see that several of the group
are not exactly Honest Johns. In fact, the two who
seem to be doing the most shouting are known by
several names, but more familiarly as Slim the Shiv
and Harry the Heat, due to the dexterity with which
they use certain implements of violence.

I am beginning to think this is no place for me,
but it is too late to retreat as Sad Sam himself is
bearing down on me like a tout at Hialeah. Now
usually Sam is of a jovial nature, but I can see that
the argument in the rear has him more than some-
what worried. However, I make like it is business
as usual and give him a hearty hello, meanwhile
edging toward the door.

Unfortunately Sam must be more perplexed than
I think, for he does not so much as Hi me, but grabs
my arm, hustles me behind the counter and whispers,
do I see the group in back? I tell him, that is the
trouble, I see the bunch in the back only too well,
and not meanine any disrespect to them, but I would
much rather see a half-dozen assorted tigers and the
like.

But Sam is having none of that and very
foolishly asks my help in breaking up the fight in
the rear before it starts.

“Why, Sam," I say, "nothing would give me
greater pleasure than to help you out in this little
matter, but unfortunately, fighting is quite against
my religion as I am a devout coward.’’

At this I fear Sam will take the heat, but getting
a firm grip on himself he explains that it is not
fighting he wishes me to do, but just to arbitrate,
for it seems that while playing a game of nineball,
Slim the Shiv makes the remark that he is reading
a book about a guy named Romeo and his doll Juliet
who are most certainly the world’s most tragic lovers.
Now anyone ean see that Slim is just trying to show
that he has absorbed a little culture and should just
be ignored, but Harry the Heat also prides himself
on having knowledge of a sort and is not to be out-
done by anyone, so he makes the remark that Shim
is more than somewhat wrong as he also has read
a book concerning two characters named Anthony
and Cleopatra who are more than tops in the sad
romance department.

Well, what with one thing and another, it is a
very tight moment indeed when Sam slips me his
proposition. It seems that while Sam does not mind
a few stiffs lying around it nettles the local gendarmes
who are threatening to lock up certain premises if it
happens once more.

"Anyways,’’ Sam says, ‘‘all I would like you to
do is, being an impartial observer, go on over there
and decide which party is in the right.’’

“And,’’ he further states, ‘‘you have no worries
of being hurt as I have under the counter a sawed-
off, and if I see certain hands being mislaid I will
come to your rescue. Besides, I know you are on the
beach and could use a few bob which I will be glad
to give you for the little help you lend.”

I see there is no other way out, so stretching
my lips in what I hope will pass for a smile I
saunter up to the crowd.

"Fellas,’’ I interrupt, “‘I cannot help but over-
hear your argument and if you wish I will try to
act as an intermediary.’’

"Why, that is very nice of you indeed,’’ says
Slim the Shiv, ‘‘and I do hope you are wise enough
to see that I am quite rignt in my statements.’’

At this, Harry the Heat taps me on the shoulder
and informs me he also feels he is more than some-
what correct in his opinion. It is at this point I
suddenly realize that for Sam to use his sawed-off
would be of no big help to me, for what with me
being right in the middle of both parties, I am a
three to one shot to catch a large amount of lead.

"Why fellas,’’ I say, thinking fast, ‘‘I am sure
you are both sincere in your opinions but that is
only because you never hear of Crying Charle.’’

“That may be so,’’ Harry the Heat agrees, but
you will proceed by telling us of this crying gent
and I hope you are very convincing as I have an
active dislike for anyone who doubts my word.’’

“That goes more than double for me,’’ Slim
the Shiv says.

"Well,’’ I begin, “‘it all happens when I am
taking a vacation at the old Eastern up the street.
I am there only a few days when I take notice of a
character three cells down from me. I notice this
gsuy because he in no way resembles a dishonest citi-
zen. In fact he looks more like one of those circus
elowns who walk around with the sad kissers. The
more I see of this clown, the sadder I feel myself,
which is very sad as I am never happy doing a bit.
Finally I can stand it no longer and I look up a
friend of mine named Fast Buck Bill to ask him
what gives.”

“Why you must mean Crying Charlie,’’ Bull
says, in answer to my query, ‘‘and the reason for
that tag I will explain. It seems that Charlie is
doing very well on the street when he runs into
what must be a very beautiful doll indeed, if pic-
tures do not lie. Well, to make a long story short,
the broad, to Charlie’s surprise, falls in love with
him and they wind up paying two bob for the privi-
lege of saying ‘I do’.

‘‘Everything goes well enough for a year or so
and, what with business booming, Charlie is very
happy until one day he spots a bank statement in
the desk at home. Being a little curious he picks it
out and reads it. It is very short and simple, stating
that his and his wife’s account is just about done in.

“As Charlie is under the impression there is
quite a few G’s packed away, this comes as quite a
shock, as he cannot see where the price of groceries
is So high one must own Fort Knox to eat a hearty
meal. In fact, he soon starts to think that perhaps
his everlovin’ is not as straight as he thought. Rather
than confront her with his thoughts he takes it on
himself to see what is what.

‘‘The next morning, instead of going to work,
he hides down the street and sure enough, it is only
a matter of minutes before his wife comes out of the
house in very much of a hurry. In fact she does
not even look around, which is a good thing as Charlie
cannot be much of a tail, what with being such an
Honest John.

"At any event, he follows her to a house in the
suburbs where she takes a key from her pocketbook
and opens the door and goes in. It is obvious even
to a square lke the Cry that his doll is playing him
for a mark.

“That afternoon when she comes in the door,
Charlie puts five or six buttonholes in her coat by
way of a German Luger he keeps as a war souvenir.

"But, as it turns out at the trial, that is just
about the biggest mistake Charlie ever makes, for
his everlovin’ has never at no time had anything to
do with another John. Instead, she has planned a
big surprise for him by buying the house in order to
decorate it for a first wedding anniversary surprise.”

“That is a very touching story, indeed,’’ Slim
the Shiv says, and there is a tear in his voice, ‘‘and I
for one think it makes Romeo and Juliet look like a
couple of lucky characters.’’

“Slim,’’ Harry the Heat says, ‘‘you are abso-
lutely right, and I think that we are foolish to be
arguing over such second-raters as Anthony and
Cleopatra.’’

Whereupon they both shake hands and make all
sorts of vows about being fierce friends, which cannot
mean too much as I find out later Harry winds up
giving Slim the Shiv a free trip to the morgue the
Very next day.

Anyways, after everyone leaves and I am eol-
lecting my two bob from Sad Sam, he looks at me
and says as follows, ‘‘Why, I just think, I have known
you for a number of years now and I never know
you to do time except for Vagrancy, and they surely
do not send one to the big house for that.’’

“You are quite right,’’ I reply, “but between
your shotgun, Harry’s heater, and Slim’s shiv, it is
no time to worry about a few white lies.’’ And, so
saying, I take it on the two ten to Benny the Book’s
as there is a horse in the third at Santa Anita named
Happy Tears and I am a great one for coincidences.
