---
id: "211"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness is Just a Dog Called

- SNOOPY - =

by ROBERT D. HEINEMANN

When ECHO met with Prison Society heads,
Negley K. Teeters, president, and G. Richard Bacon,
executive secretary (reported in our Summer issue
57), the word was that the Society intended to look
into their program with further prisoner benefit in
mind. Then on September 11, the Executive Board
of the Society met... at this penitentiary to hold

their meeting. Significant and thought-provoking,

too.
Why, Snoopy? Welll...

Can anyone think of another Executive Board
of any private organization that willing to dig in at
the reality-site of their work? And, when you stop
to consider, in order for such rich spade work to get
done at all, there must have been some interesting
and far-sighted cooperation received by the agency
from the Warden here.

Citizen participation? The best kind of ex-
ample!

Official cooperation? The best kind of example.

Two Grand Slams

‘‘Deadeye’’ Swartley accomplished a feat this
past softball season that has Joe Doc Dougherty
doing publicity agent work in his behalf. Seems in
a game between the Red Sox and Tigers, ‘‘Deadeye”’
came up to the plate with, as they say, ‘‘ducks on the
pond.’’ He connected for a four run homer.

Several innings later, facing a new pitcher
(natcherly), and again with bases loaded, ‘*Dead-
eye’’ unloaded another one over the Chapel and out
of the jail.

Two times at bat, eight R.B.I’s! There is only
‘one way to doit. And ‘‘Deadeye”’ did it.

It Could Only Happen...

Since October 11, 1957, classes in Criminology
for civilian graduate students have been held at

26

and in K.S8.P. Under Professor Negley K. Teeters,
the students involved receive credit at Temple just
as if these classes were held at the university itself.

Don’t believe it? Well, almost every Thursday
at 4:00 p.m. just don’t let those students coming in
(not on field work or on tour, but for an accredited
class) tread on your toes. Is this the first such
venture in Pennsylvania’s history? Or just this
penitentiary’s?

To the Salt Mines

Sports Editor, Steve Poltorak, has been sum-
marily dismissed from the staff of this magazine and
exiled to the State of Massachusetts. This (parole)
shakeup occurred, in Snoopy’s little mind, for the
following reason:

After the Summer issue appeared, Ralph Wil-
kins, E-4695, 7’ 3”’ tall in his cowboy boots, walked
in on Snoopy. ‘‘The Fourth of July Field Events!
Who placed second in Shot-Put? Me! And third in
the Sack Race? Me! Was I listed in Summer ECHO?
Huh, was I, huh?’’

Snoopy backed off a bit, peeped up at Ralph
and woofed, ‘‘That boy Poltorak has got to go!’’

But its all meht, Snoopy, HCHO’s new As:
sistant Sports Editor, Joseph McNeair, is 7’ 5”’ or
thereabouts.

Phew!

Snoopy Attends Grand Openings | r

A Typewriter Repair training program began
operations on Friday, 10-4-57. Officer Stilley is in
charge. Approximately 12 paid students are being
accommodated in the learning of this very lucrative
trade; five others are employed as clerical workers.

The Corrugated Box Factory opened its door
on Monday, 10-7-57, under Officer Kucinski. About
the same number of men as in Typewriter Repair

EAsTERN EcHo are busily fabricating paper boxes on the new
machines which arrived here in September.

Both new industries are branches of the Cor-
rectional Industries program here, which for years
has been managing to run its affairs without the
advice of Snoopy. Somehow.

Francis McCann

‘*Hix-alumnus’’ (he ealls himself) of the Federal
Pen at Atlanta, Georgia, says, ‘‘Move over, ATLAN-
TIAN. The ECHO has arrived!’’ Not that he
could possibly be serious, but Snoopy threw him a
bone to say that, anyway.

Flushed with the heady taste of publicity,
Franny asked, ‘‘Hey, can I also say:

‘‘In spite of himself, Joe Antoniewicz plays a
better game of football than he is capable of.
Through his inability, he out-shines the stars!’’

Thank you, Francis McCann! Real crazy, boy.
Whenever things threaten to make sense again,
Snoopy will call on you.

——~
ow
—
~~

Scratch Got ‘‘Scratched”’

Louis Scratch Straccioni was asked recently by
Mr. Ed Rufus, Parole Officer, to name the only presi-
dent in the history of the U.S. whose last name be-
gins with the letter, “‘E.’’ Scratch thought, pon-
dered, and frowned for 10 minutes while he worked
his way through the entire history of U.S. presidents.
Then, he gave up with a blank look and a shrug.

‘“There ain’t no ‘‘E!’’ challenged Scratch.

When Mr. Rufus replied, ‘‘His first name is
Dwight D.,’’ Seratch turned a mottled green and
visibly shrank into a little fat ball of utter distaste.

Snoopy was already belly laffing, but when
Seratch explained lamely, ‘‘Well, I never could
bring myself to consider Hisenhower a president,”’

Snoopy fell out.

‘¢ .. the cherry now, Is hung with snow along
the bough, And stands about the woodland ride,
Wearing white for Christmastide.’’ With snoopify-
ing apologies to A. E. Housman.

Loveliest of Trees

Snoopy inserted this ‘‘revised’’ verse of the

Shropshire poet for the simple reason that he
thought it might stop buzzing through his head if
he onee printed it.

EASTERN EcHo

Two Lane What??

Then there was the time Evets Karotlop pre-
pared a news lead for Mr. Whittaker’s Journalism
Class and had ‘‘the new two-lane highway stretching
from here to Smithville.’’ Whittaker drolly sug-
gested, ‘‘Make that a two-way highway, Evets, if
you’re going to stretch it!”’

And the case with L.J.B., also reading his as-
signment aloud, who soberly insisted the escaped
prisoner ‘‘was shot in the blind alley.”’

True, we do lose more escapees that way. I
guess.

Is You Is or
Is you Ain’t... Got Rheumatism ove

Anthony Midge Gesualdi earns Snoopy’s men-
tion for the neat way he bore his strange onslaught
of some rheumatic malady or other. Swollen and
painful joints suddenly struck this Officer’s Barber
in July-August-September of this year. Yet he
could be found cutting hair without missing a day’s
work, when he didn’t have the strength even to un-
screw tonic bottle caps.

Meanwhile, Snoopy, who had a touch of the
same infection, was frantically trying to figure out
how to negotiate about, somehow, without moving
ankles, knees, shoulders, elbows and fingers. Which
was the best response to the situation Snoopy could
muster.

And what is worse, ‘‘Meanwhile, back on the
farm, Aunt Salizabeth was yakking it up about rent

controls.’’
6
Another Old Friend

On Friday morning, July 26, 1957, Sergeant-
Major Jabez Harding Sr. met death face to face and
blanched not. A veteran Salvationist for 55 years,
the wiry and stalwart little cockney gentleman had
been coming into H.S.P. since the very first Salvation
Army Services held here.

If there is a more stimulating and compelling
speaker than was Mr. Harding, Snoopy does not
know such a man. If a man of God with more
heart sinew to confront man’s problems where they
he, let such a one come forward to help take the
place of this departed soldier.

For him, to live was Christ, indeed.

Of Noble Birth

In case anyone has forgotten, once again:
Snoopy is the cartoon creation of Charles M. Schulz,
genius of frustrated little boys, dopey little girls and
a dog with delusions of everything in particular!

ra |
