---
id: "215"
title: "Many Were Cold... A Few Were Frozen"
author: "Reynolds, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Reb. Gordon Reynolds,
Protestant Chaplain

Many Were Cold
... a Few Were Frozen

Returning home from a large city church in
which he had received no warmth of welcome, a
certain man was asked by his wife the subject of
the sermon. It happened that the minister had
used for his text that morning, ‘‘Many were called
but a few were chosen.’’ The husband’s comment
was, ‘‘I don’t know. It was something like “Many
were cold and a few were frozen.’’ Ours is a
chilling hour in human history. The Church of God
cannot afford to let its fires of concern die out.
Jesus Christ is the Light of the World, and where
there is light, there should be warmth; where there
is warmth, there will be people.

If we are to win some to Christ and His Church,
we must of necessity be winsome. The Church
must be a warm fireplace. A young man went into
a jewelry store and said to the proprietor, ‘‘I would
like to see your finest opal for the finest woman in
the world.’’ The jeweler replied, ‘‘I have the
opal, you have the lady; let us get them together.’’
Lifting an opal from a compartment under the great
glass counter he placed it in the prospective cust-
omer’s hand. ‘‘How much is this?’’ he inquired.
“Seven hundred dollars.’’ The man said, “‘My
friend, I am not buying a diamond. I’m purchasing
an opal.’’ The jeweler smiled, ‘‘That is a famous
opal, Sir.’’ ‘‘But,’’ objected the customer, ‘‘there
is no fire in it. It seems milky, dead.’’ The pro-
prietor said, ‘‘Let me have it.’’ He took the stone
and cupped it in the palm of his hand, closed his
fingers over it and allowed the warmth of those
fingers to saturate the stone, then opening his
fingers, displayed the opal. It was flashing the fire
of a thousand different hghts, and the jeweler ex-
plained, ‘‘This is one of the most famous hand opals
in the world. It never flashes its fires until it feels
the warmth of a human hand.’’ How true that is.
Men within our institution are without the Church
of Jesus Christ; they are listless, fireless as far as
spiritual heat is concerned—utterly lifeless as far as
God is concerned—but they would flash fire if only
they felt the warmth of a human hand.

If we are spiritually regenerated let’s make it
show in our behavior. If we have been made ‘‘nigh
by the blood of Christ,’’ then let us make sure that
the “blood will tell.’’

May the warmth of our concern and the con-
tagion of our friendship reach down to every level
of human need. God help us to conduct ourselves
in all of our interpersonal relationships as those
whose escutcheon and coat-of-arms belong to
royalty.
