---
id: "216"
title: "The Stones Will Cry Out"
author: "Gallagher, Rev. Edwin L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Rev. Edwin L. Gallagher,
Catholic Chaplain

“The Stones
Will Cry Out ”

In recent years some effort has been made to
“out Christ back into Christmas’’ by using greeting
eards that depict the Stable of Bethlehem or some
other sacred image. We might go a step further
and consider how every circumstance attending the
birth of Christ has a deep meaning.

Our Lord was born at Bethlehem (which means
house of bread) because, as St. Jerome says, He is
the living bread. He was to live in Bethlehem for
a very short while. He remains until the end of
time in Holy Communion, the food of everlasting
‘life. He was laid in a manger, where cattle fed,
‘to emphasize the same thought.

He was born, not in a palace, nor even in a
home, but in a stable, that all might have confidence
and approach Him.

He was born far away from His home in
Nazareth, because He descended from heaven, His
true home. We, too, are in temporary exile from
our true home, heaven.

Our Savior came to us in poverty and renun-
ciation to teach us that the road to heaven is the
way of suffering and self-conquest, not of pleasures
and self-indulgence.

He appeared to the Jewish shepherds and to the
Magi to indicate that He and His Church were for
all men without distinction.

Indeed, our own Christian customs should have
some deep significance for us. The Christmas tree
should remind us of the fatal tree in the garden of
Eden and also of the tree of the Cross. The gifts
we give and receive should cause us to reflect on
the Gift of God to all us men, Christ Our Savior.

Lastly, we might take a good, searching look at
ourselves. When Christ was born, there was no
room for Him in the inn. We ean imagine that the
inn-keeper turned away Mary and Joseph with a
variety of excuses. Is there room for Christ in
your thoughts and words and actions? Or do you
make excuses for not loving and serving Him?
