---
id: "217"
title: "Old Newspapers Never Die"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0033.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
JOSEPH DON CONNELLY
Photo courtesy of Philadelphia Inquirer

Old Newspapers Never Die

While Junior is carting off Dad’s old news-
papers to the local scrap dealer to augment his
allowance, metropolitan newspaper publishers are
eoing to great extremes to preserve news stories
the coveted bundles contain.

Ray Whittaker’s Journalism students at ESP
recently had a glimpse of such extremes through the
courtesy of Joseph Don Connelly, Philadelphia
Inquirer Librarian. The youthful-looking Connelly
oeraphically explained the vast network of operations
in the maintenance of a big newspaper ‘‘morgue.”’
To say the least, Connelly’s presentation exploded
an old metaphor that runs, ‘‘... dead as yesterday’s
newspaper” right into oblivion.

Basing his figures on the volume rate as of
1-1-57, Mr. Connelly explained the Inquirer Library’s
systems of cross-reference filme which handle about
200 periodicals and 2000 pictures per week. He
said, “A single stack of the 137 cases of news clip-
pings alone would exceed by 142 feet the highest
point of William Penn’s statue atop City Hall,’’ and
added with a tongue-in-cheek smile that ‘‘ According
to the Bulletin Almanac, there is no higher point in
the city than the crown of Penn’s hat.”

But the Library also maintains bound monthly
volumes of the Inquirer dating back to 1831. Other
material dating back to 1829 has been preserved
on microfilm. In addition, Connelly revealed the
Library contains some 7000 reference books running
the gamut of law, authors and just about every
known version of Who’s Who. Literally a writer’s
research paradise, the filing system includes general
and personal indices on art, literature, persons,
events and places.

The Librarian concluded his absorbing lecture
by pointing up the difference between the out-dated
newspaper “morgue,’’ a mere room outside City
Desk, and ‘‘the gigantic filing job which is a modern
newspaper Library.’’

by L. J. Biancone
