---
id: "218"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "4"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1957_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
To the Editor:

For a fellow who started out with a B-number, it seems
only proper to say ‘‘congrats from an old-timer. The HCHO
is really coming into its own.’’ I know it takes a lot of
work to produce it because one of your writers cells next
to me, and he is always deep in research or writing for the
magazine.

Axel Reynolds, E-6140

Dear Editor:

The autumn issue was really swell... Hspecially liked
the Warden’s page, editorial, Dilemma of Penology, and the
excellent reporting on the Prison Society. I hope the Society
is on your mailing list. I personally wrote to Mr. Bacon
and called the article to his attention. I have been dealing
with these people, and they are very cooperative.

Louis Lepera

Dear Bob:

All my Penal Press friends are watching HASTERN
ECHO with cheers. Hach issue is more beautiful than the
last. I think all the Penal Press is improving all over the
country. Getting more professional.

Dot
(Mrs. Dorothy M. Scheer)

Dear Friend, Bob:

The EASTERN ECHO continues to please me mightily!
It is a beautifully gotten up magazine. The recent fall
issue has many moving pieces in it. Was it only by chance
that your fine editorial and Jesse Burch’s poem ‘‘The Best
and the Worst’’ appeared at the same time? His ‘‘Autumn’’
is a lovely thing. I am going to take these two poems to
the next meeting of the poetry group that I belong to. In
fact, I am going to take the magazine; someone will want to
borrow it I know, and you may have a new subscriber!

Another page which captured my interest was the re-
port of Dick Bacon’s visit on behalf of the Penna. Prison
Society. I know him very well and am so glad some of you
have had this fine opportunity of meeting him and learning
of the work he is doing.

The three short stories make a powerful impact; each,
in its own way, has a poignant quality which touches the
reader. And the cover is perfect.

Mona H. Darnell,
(Chairman of the Prison Service
Committee, Society of Friends)

Dear Editor:

THE EASTERN ECHO is a publication of which I am
really proud. It represents a world for which we are re-
sponsible and to which we must bring every natural and
supernatural assistance available.

God and Our Lady care for you!

Sister M. Madeleva, President,
Saint Mary’s College, (Indiana)

Dear Editor:

Enclosed is a subscription for EASTERN ECHO. I
showed Rev. Luther Cunningham my own copy of ECHO
and he found the magazine to be of great reading value
and enjoyed it so now he wants to be a regular subscriber.

Rev. Luther Cunningham is pastor of St. Pauls Church
that performs vast programs for children and adults at the
adjoining Community Settlement House._ He is also the Civil
Service Commissioner for the City of Philadelphia.

ECHO is a wonderful magazine and worthy of reading
by everyone. With very best wishes to you and the other
men.... May the ECHO live for years to come.

Albert Trauffer,

Personnel Department,

City of Philadelphia
Dear Editor:

I can express what I think of the content of HCHO by
saying that it has given me much to think about, and an
entirely new view of prisons. It has personalized the prison
problem, and made me more aware of the responsibility of
all of us to help work at a solution. I have shared my
issues with others and note that it has the same effect on
them. It’s a fine educational medium. It lays on us all
the burden of meaning in John Donne’s words that ‘‘no man
is an island, entire and sufficient to himself—that each is a
piece of the whcle, a part of the main.’’

Rose S. Grano, Editor

YOUTH PUBLICATIONS
(The American Baptist Publication Society)

Dear Bobby:

I just returned from a trip and found my Fall copy of
THE EASTERN ECHO, when I returned home. This is
the second issue I have received and I want to tell you it
is one of the finest and most interesting magazines I have
read in a long time.

You and Louie Biancone are doing a fine job. I don’t
think I know any of the other fellows on the editorial staff,
but they certainly are doing a great job, also, because it
is such an excellent magazine. I plan to keep it here in the
office for visitors to read while they are waiting to see me.
Maybe you will get some more subscriptions.

Give my best to the Warden, Louie, and all my other
friends there where I spent so many interesting years of
my career. Kind personal regards,

Ira J. Millis, Director,

Bureau of Hospitals,
Department of Welfare

Dear Mr. Biancone (Feature Editor): 

I read with extreme interest articles (in Fall Issue of
'57) on pages 2, 3, 4, 7, 8, and 29, as directed by (Editor’s)
note to ‘‘Dear Reader’’ on page 2.

By a strange coincidence the last evening (October 1,
1957) on the Bell Telephone television program many of
the questions raised by the aforementioned articles were
also raised in the program’s presentation of scenes leading
up to the death of Socrates. Has your staff thought of
sending a copy of the Fali Edition to some columnist,
calling his attention to the above referred to articles? It
would appear to me that those articles could well become
the basis for a series of columns which might give the
whole area of questioning a large audience consideration.

William J. Woolston,
(Attorney)

Dear Editor:

I read EASTERN ECHO from cover to cover. I really
think that this is the best issue yet. Certainly it should do
much for public relations. The format improves every issue,
the articles are clear and forceful without being bitter.

Miss Dorothy Cathell (Faculty
of St. Mary’s, New Jersey)

Dear Editor:

... the last issue of HCHO was the best of a series of
issues which have steadily shown improvement since you
took over as editor.

The Warden’s page strikes me as a unique and valuable
contribution.

Congratulations to you and to the others on the staff.

Curtis Bok
