---
id: "224"
title: "From the Warden's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Warden's Desk:

I look forward to writing a quarterly prefatory article for THE ECHO.
The editorial staff is commendably striving to establish a publication second
to none for the inmates—to speak for them—to present their thoughts and
views. They have sought and received consultation with professionals to help
them achieve a maturity of presentation and content in order that ECHO
expression of these views and feelings will be creditable to the inmates for
whom they speak. They are deeply conscious of the responsibility involved
and, so long as honesty and sincerity prevail, motivated by this sense of re-
sponsibility, THE ECHO will continue to hold attention.

Of course, scrutinizing good deeply enough, conceivably you can find bad;
but conversely, why not examine what is, in some quarters, considered bad,
and try to find constructive good...

It is difficult in absence of editorial anonymity to avoid platitudes and
pragmatism. It is my hope, however, that these small contributions will prove
provocative.

If we ask the public to understand our problems, we must act in a respon-
sible manner to dispel the great misconceptions that exist about prisons. As
recently quoted in the newspapers, a man realizes he has committed wrong and
must submit to the mandate of society which he himself, when a member of
free society, had ordained. If, however, in due time he is again ready to re-
sume his place in that same society by evidence of his acceptance of the rules
laid down, he properly feels society should give him that opportunity. Is not
that the purpose of confinement? To deny this is to go backwards and follow
in a refined way the law of retribution and retaliation that permeated the
Dark Ages. History has proved that—that philosophy never solved anything,
but only expressed the baser qualities of people in seeking revenge.

The responsibility, therefore, rests with the men to meet this challenge to
justify their request for acceptance. Constructive use of time instead of
vegetating is the best proof of good intention. HEvery man knows in his heart
and conscience if he is sincere. A man is a free agent, even in prison, and no
elaborate program can reach him without consent of his free will. People
are beginning to realize this and—that constitutes the challenge. Judge Biggs,
in a recent book, said among other worthwhile things, ‘‘Even after an in-
dividual has committed a crime, he remains a person. He is a man or woman
like you orme. The law schools of the country and the lawyers and we Judges
have spent too little time in the adopting of techniques for improving the
human race as distinguished from punishing it.”’

William J. Banmiller, Warden
