---
id: "226"
title: "For Your Consideration: Profile of the Point System"
author: "STEWART, G."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For Your Consideration

Profile
of the
Point
System

by G. STEWART

When a crime is committed, it. is committed by
an individual. It has been partially ascertained in
some fields, that sometimes the individual fits the
crime he commits and sometimes the crime fits the
individual. But it is my contention that, under the
present system, though penalties may fit the crime,
they do not fit the individual.

Penologists today stress that individuality is a
much wanted thing in dealing with criminology, its
meanings and ramifications. However, under the
penalty system of today the individuality of the
prisoner is considered, in large, only after sentenc-
ing, when and if he is committed to an institution to
serve his time which has the various treatment
facilities incorporated into its program. There is
no noticeable concern prior to sentencing with eval-
uating the intricate relations between the man and
his crime, to discover why the individual fitted the
crime, or the crime, the individual. Without this
knowledge and understanding it is no surprise that
(1) the crime a man commits is the major considera-
tion in passing sentence—thus, the sentence is for
the crime; (2) nevertheless a man must serve the
sentence his crime deserves, whereas he himself may
actually merit a shorter or longer period of confine-
ment... as, not the case may be, but he himself may
be.

I do not propose to saddle the courts with the
specialists’ job of evaluating every defendant who
comes before them. Such may be grossly out of
line with the average jurist’s training and qualifica-
tions. Certainly extensive pre-sentence investiga-
tion would also increase the notorious backlog of
our courts a thousand fold. Rather I submit for the
consideration of everyone, layman and professional,
alike, an alternative solution which would (1) enable
the courts to function under their present setup,
with penalty adjusted to crime and nature of the
crime; (2) and yet incorporate into the structure of
the sentence all the considerations of individuality
which modern concepts of both penalization and
treatment demand.

Let us assume that defendant John Doe, upon
conviction of robbery, instead of receiving the cus-
tomary sentence in terms of years, is handed an
automatic penalty fitted to the crime: that 1s to say,
the judge explains, ‘‘You have been convicted of the
crime of armed robbery, the automatic penalty for
which is 1,200 points. In order to obtain and re-
main on parole, you must accumulate and retain a
minimum of 600 points in the manner prescribed by
the law, and at the rate determined by the Board of
Evaluation at the Diagnostic Center to which you
are hereby committed.’’

Thus John Doe hus been tried for the crime by
experts in the law. The sentence he received was
fitted to the crime, yet inherent in that sentence is
the provision that it may be fitted to John Doe by a
board of specialists trained to evaluate him as an in-
dividual.

The Point System would allow for consideration of the prisoner as an individual

Upon reception at the Diagnostic Center, John
Doe undergoes extensive examining in preparation
for evaluating him as an individual. He faces a
team of experts versed in the disciplines of psychol-
ogy, psychiatry, medicine, education, religion, sociol-
ogy and vocational guidance. He is exhaustively
tested, observed, interviewed and counseled with all
data gathered and compiled, and evaluated by mem-
bers of the Diagnostic Board. When a thorough and
objective evaluation of John has been made, the
Board calls him before them. And here it is where
the very structure of the sentence allows for con-
siderations of John as a person.

Let us suppose, in the theoretical case at hand,
that the Director of the Diagnostic Center is address-
ing John at his classification. ‘“‘John, this is the
picture of you that your period of examination and
analysis presents to the Board. We have gone over
each facet of the testing with you, you have had all
your questions answered regarding the results. One
of our Case Workers has followed you throughout
your entire three month period of evaluation. He
has consulted with you and directly with your fam-
ily, friends, associates and former employer, in order
to gain further insight into the social situations
which helped mold you, which affected your develop-
ment, and in which you found yourself at the time
of committing your offense. As I say, taking all
these things together, we have been able to learn a
good bit about you. Your cooperation with us has
helped to make the following judgment:

“It being the sentence of the court that you
accumulate 1,200 points, with 600 required for pa-
role, the Board has determined the manner in which
you ean best and most quickly earn your conditional
release ... or parole. Because you have not exhib-
ited any previous criminal tendencies or behavior;
because as a married man you fulfilled all obligations
and duties to support your wife and children; be-
cause your total characteristics do not indicate or
predict any marked deviations; because there 1S
much hope of returning you as an asset to society,
and because of many other favorable factors, the
Board hereby determines that you are to receive 300
points toward your goal of accumulation. This
means that before parole is granted in your case,
you must earn 300 additional points.

“Of course, the law provides that had your
picture warranted we could have allowed you the
entire 600 necessary for release—or, on the other
hand, none at all. I think you will agree, in view
of the work you must yet do with yourself, that 300
is fair to you.

"How you accumulate your 300 points is largely
up to you. The law assures you a minimum of 5
points per each month time served, which means
that if you do no more for yourself than simply
“serve your time,’’ it will take you 5 years to bring
the required 300 points. On the other hand, we
have told you where we believe you are deficient
and in need of help. So with that 5 points per
month, you may also earn 2 points for attending
counselling sessions, with continued progress, to
diseuss cure of the problems underlying your al-
coholism; an additional point per month for comple-
tion of your last year of high school which we see
lacking in your scholastic achievement; and another
2 points per month (good time) which under a flex-
ible law may be allowed. Thus, the 5 points coupled
to the 5 achievement points allow you to collect up
to 10 points per month.

"You will be transferred from the Center to a
medium security prison some time next week.
When you arrive there, your file will be in the hands
of the Director of Treatment.

‘‘Now John, remember that any points given to
you for favorable attitudes and performance, or any
that you may receive, with the sole exception of the
5 point minimum per month... may be lost by you
when in the opinion of the staff your conduct or
attitudes become unfavorable.’’

Assuming inmate John Doe successfully earned
his 300 points necessary for parole, let us follow the
point system in this theoretical case through parole.

John has been out 3 months and up to now has
apparently been making satisfactory adjustments
in free society. However, he is discovered to be
drinking excessively, and is picked up. Instead of
bringing John back to the penitentiary for anywhere
from 15 months to 5 years, his Parole Officer instead
places John in either his County Prison or one of the
local precinct stations where he remains for one
week, at the end of which both his Parole Officer
and one of the Diagnostic Center’s Case Workers
come to interview him. The Parole Officer presents
his outlook on John’s behavior and John presents
his reasons to the Case Worker. Since John has
been on parole 3 months and has been accumulating
10 points per month, he now has a total of 630 points
to his eredit. The Case Worker rules that John
must lose 30 points because of his drinking: hence,
John has an additional 3 months to make up. He is
still on parole—because he still has 600 points—but
suppose that several weeks later he is picked up
intoxicated and spending freely in a night club.
Again he is locked up a week, at the end of which
he, his Parole Officer and the Case worker again
meet. They question the source of his ‘‘spree mon-
ey,’’ and decide that even if legitimately gained,
the use he made of it deprived his family of some
necessity. This costs John 50 points—and he is
‘returned to the penitentiary because he is now 50
points short of the necessary 600 point level set to
obtain and remain upon parole. How John will
make up those 50 points in prison depends upon...
John.

Each such case under the point system, whether
the man be in prison or on parole, could be reviewed
each year to determine whether the individual’s
point grant pattern should be altered to meet the
picture he presents, to meet his needs. In light of
this, a man rehabilitating himself in prison in half
the ‘‘time’’ (number of points) thought required
could be re-evaluated and rewarded with the remain-
ing number of points necessary for immediate pa-
role. A man found to be simply ‘‘ going through the
motions’’ could be re-evaluated and presented with
a much stiffer point grant pattern. Of course, if
his picture warranted—he could also lose part of,
or all his initial point grant (which in the ease de-
scribed happened to be 300 points.)

The advantages of this point system are obvi-
ous: sentencing remains in the hands of the judges,
based largely on the crime; the sentence can be ad-
justed to the individual and changes as he himself
changes, whether for good or bad; the individual
earns his release, or causes his own continued deten-
tion; experts who are constantly in touch with the
man determine his point grant pattern (in effect, the
adjustment of the sentence to the individual) and
review and modify it in keeping with his demon-
strated progress or failure.

Admittedly, the presentation of the point system
here is but a brief outline, yet I submit that it can
easily be applied to every offender from the habit-
ual drunkard who is picked up every weekend and
turned out like the Monday morning wash, to the
murderer who now receives a Life sentence. In
the following chart, suitable comparisons are made
between the abortive system of today and this sug-
gested one:

| Charge                  | Sentence            | Eligible for Parole | Sentence   | Eligible for Parole                     | Max. Exp.            |
| Murder, 1st.            | Life                | 15 to 25 years      | 2,000 pts. | 1,000 points  (up to 16 yrs.  8 months) | UP TO 33 yrs. 4 mos. |
| Armed Robbery           | 10 to 20            | 10 years            | 1,200 pts. | 600 points (up to 10 years)             | 20 years             |
| Rape                    | 7 1/2 to 15         | 7 1/2 years         | 900 pts.   | 450 points (up to 7 1/2 years)          | 15 years             |
| Vol. Manslaughter       | 6 to 12             | 6 years             | 720 pts.   | 360 points (up to 6 years)              | 12 years             |
| A & B w/intent to  Rob  | 5 to 10             | 5 years             | 600 pts.   | 300 points  (up to 5 years)             | 10 years             |
| A & B w/intent to  Kill | 3 1/2 to 7          | 3 1/2 years         | 420 pts.   | 210 points (up to 3 1/2 years)          | 7 years              |
| Larceny                 | 2 1/2 to 5          | 2 1/2 years         | 300 pts.   | 150 points (up to 2 1/2 years)          | 5 years              |
| R.S.G.                  | 1 1/2 to 3          | 1 1/2 years         | 180 pts.   | 90 points (up to 1 1/2 years)           | 3 years              |
| Conspiracy              | 1 to 2              | 1 year              | 120 pts.   | 60 points (up to 1 year)                | 2 years              |
| CCDW                    | 6 months to  1 year | 6 months            | 60 pts.    | 30 points (up to 1 year)                | 1 year               |
| Weekend Drunk           | 1 to 3 days         | 0                   | 1 pt.      | 0 points                                | 3 days               |
