---
id: "228"
title: "For Consideration"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For Consideration

The following suggestions were submitted to
the Warden and the Staff on April 26th, 1957.

Norman Scribner:

We have been granted permission to order
newspapers from outside publishers, but yet the
printed matter on the institution letterheads states
quite definitely that ‘‘NO NEWSPAPERS WILL
BE ALLOWED”’. This statement is very mislead-
ing and I would like to suggest that the letterheads
be re-worded to dispel any misunderstanding that
might arise on the part of the publishers, family or
friends.

Staff Answer:

As soon as the present stock of letterheads is
depleted, new ones will be issued with this heading
omitted.

Richard Patrick LeRoy:

Many publishers are now issuing paperbacked
editions of current best-sellers in the fields of both
fiction and non-fiction. The difference in costs can
be as high as two to three dollars per copy. Would
it be possible to review the present policy which
prohibits purchase of any paperback?

Staff Answer:

If these books are approved by the Librarian,
they can be purchased.

Unknown Inmate:

The staff answer to the question concerning in-
mate purchase of typewriters was ‘‘No comment”
(Spring Issue 1957). What I would like to know
is WHY inmates are not permitted typewriters.

Staff Answer:

Because there is a Bureau of Correction policy
that no typewriter can be purchased for individual
use in cells.
