---
id: "229"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For the Echo Record

As the result of a nation wide survey conducted
by THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF PUBLIC
OPINION, it has been statistically revealed that:

“Eight of ten Americans agree with modern
criminologists that, in dealing with men in prison,
it is more important to get them started on the right
road than it is to punish them for their crimes.

‘‘Only one adult in 6 (16 per cent) in the latest
Institute survey thinks it is more important to place
the major emphasis on punishment.

‘‘According to a leading authority, penologists
today are generally agreed that ‘the prison serves
more effectively for the protection of society against
crime when its major emphasis is on rehabilitation.’

"Institute interviewers posed the question to a
cross-section of American adults in the following
manner:

THE VOTE NATION WIDE

Get started right . . . . . 78%
Punish . . . . . . . . . 16%
No opinion . . . . . . . 6%

"By education, the strongest sentiment for
major emphasis on rehabilitating men in prison
comes from college-trained persons. The following
table gives the breakdown by education:

|                   | College | High School | Grade School |
| Get started right | 84%     | 80%         | 71%          |
| Punish            | 11%     | 14%         | 21%          |
| No opinion        | 5%      | 6%          | 8%           |

... ‘Here is a vote by regions of the country:
“East. 15 per cent, pumish them. 79 per cent,
get them started right; 6 per cent, no opinion.

“Midwest: 15 per cent, punish them; 78 per
cent, get them started right; 7 per cent, no opinion.

“South: 20 per cent, punish them; 74 per
cent, get them started right; 6 per cent, no opinion.

“Far West: 9 per cent, punish them; 84 per
cent, get them started right; 7 per cent, no opinion.”

(INSIDE WORLD, via AGENDA,
Walla Walla, Washington)
