---
id: "230"
title: "Spotlight on the B and T Department"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Looks like wood, but it’s all plaster.

Spotlight on the B and T Department

A well-learned trade, achieved through
on-the-job experience, can be a tremendous
advantage to a man about to be released from prison

by L. J. BIANCONE

The quarterly spotlight is focused on Lt.
Joseph Roach’s Building and Trades Department,
with accent beamed on Mr. ‘‘Mac’s’’ Masonry and
Plastering Detail. Mr. ‘‘Mac’’ happens to be that
amiable gent with the Irish brogue, listed on the
Commonwealth’s payroll as: Arthur McMenamin,
Instructor. To say the least, the job and title fit
him to a trowl ... he actually works with his stu-
dents, as anyone can observe, as he goes from job
to job, scaffold to scaffold about the institution with
trowl in hand.

The ‘‘students’’, as Mr. ‘‘Mac’’ refers to them,
range anywhere from 18 to 50 years of age. They
are broken into small groups, and assigned to various
jobs; and with each group, Mr. ‘‘Mac”’ is careful
not to assign more men than are actually required
to perform the task at hand. As Mr. McMenamin
pointed out, ‘‘These boys sooner or later will be re-
leased and, if they’re going to earn a living plying
their trade, they must be ready to ‘cut it’ on their
own.’’ Hence, ‘‘They are not simply marking
time .. . with exchange of crime techniques as the
main topic of the day,’’ he elaborated. ‘‘These men
live, think, and talk shop ... and of course worry
about their loved ones and their eventual release.’’
They are taught, as they work, the rudiments of the
trade, as well as the fine arts thereof, under the
guiding hand of Mr. ‘‘Mac’’. Upon their eventual
release, the ‘‘journeymen’’ are on their own, under
the protection of organized labor; namely, the CIO-
AFL.

It is interesting to note that one of Mr. Me-
Menamin’s earlier graduates, a former lifer, is a
journeyman card holder and commutes to work daily
in his own ‘‘Thunderbird’’.

This detail is perhaps the most popular in the
prison,—whose ancient buildings are undergoing a
complete overhauling. Their antiquity (some stand-
ing since 1828) provides plenty of work and an op-
portunity for those interested to learn. There is no
rush-like-mad attitude to complete any of the work,
lest the purpose of vocational therapy be lost in the
process. Upon completion, this therapy will be
carried over into maintenance work.

Being ‘‘con-wise’’ and alert to all the conni-
vance and perversions of prison routine, we had an
absorbing curiousity to know the reason for the
hustle and interest in this work, so we blandly
spotlighted the question to Mr. McMenamin. Not
being a descendant from the ‘‘Old Sod’’ we were
somewhat amused by the manner in which he re-
lated that which is conspicuously obvious: Prison-
ers definitely are people, and this fact is apparently
foremost in Mr. McMenamin’s mind. Give them a
chance to do something constructive — a chance to
find themselves, so to speak—and they will soon
learn, like other people, that they are doing things
today which they could not do yesterday.

As Mr. McMenamin says, take a look at the old
Chapel for instance. We not only took a look, we
were so impressed that we had it photographed for
our readers. However, unless you know what the
old place was like before renovation, you may not
fully appreciate it. The boys took a real interest
in this job. It is only natural that they should.
They assemble here for religious worship. It is a
common Chapel, but it is the INMATE’S church.

The plaster work depicted in the photo, com-
prising two huge pilasters supporting a quasi-the-
atrical butterfly, in contemporary design, with ad-
joining stage wings, tends to simulate wooden
mouldings of various colonial shapes and patterns.
There are rumors that the boys plan on some floor
covering, too. Nothing elaborate, though. Some-
thing in gray linoleum runners, about 48 inches
wide, will just about round out the decor. Who
knows, somebody may be inclined to oblige with
about 150 feet of the required material ... never
can tell!

But back to Mr. ‘‘Mac’”’ who as an instructor
at the institution also maintains the status of prison
guard. As such, this gentleman holds the distine-
tion of never having made a ‘“‘pinch’’. For those
unfamiliar with prison jargon, we mean to say he
has not experienced the bitter task of citing any of
his charges with an alleged misconduct. Uneanny,
but true.

Broadly speaking, Mr. McMenamin operates on
the theory, or if you prefer, the philosophy, that
there are several ways of dealing with prisoners.
One is to try to dominate them. Another is to
assume a submissive attitude before them. And
another, by far the most successful, is to simply treat
them as people.

Mr. McMenamin is obviously inclined to the last
mentioned.
