---
id: "231"
title: "Echo Bouquet"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ECHO BOUQUET

A bouquet of thanks unstintingly goes to Mr.
Frank Frei, of Adolph Frei & Sons, Inc., leading
ecclesiastical decorators established in 1884, for
the tremendous contribution in designing the
newly refurbished chapel-auditorium at Eastern
Penitentiary, and supervising the work involved.
Mr. Frei not only gave of his expert advice, time,
and some material and equipment, but was direct-
ly responsible in promoting the skilled help of
his employees, one of whom (Mr. Otto Sohns) is
pictured with him above.

The total contribution covered a span of
nearly six months, obviously hampered by the
necessity of maintaining uninterrupted scheduled
inmate activities such as attendance at religious
services, movies, and other diverse assemblies
which are all held in the chapel-auditorium, there
being no substitute facilities. Although so incon-
venienced, Mr. Frei was not deterred or dis-
couraged from giving his very best. All the walls
and workwork were rejuvinated in a blend of
colonial oak, accentuated by hand wood-graining
and a stipple pattern in beautiful colonial har-
mony. While the bulk of the work was perform-
ed by inmates of Lt. Roach’s Building and Trades
Dept., under the supervision of Mr. Frei, his
craftsmen were required, however, to perform and
lead off, as it were, the finer details of the job.
During the process, some of the inmates were
taught the rudiments of interior decorating, and
did remarkably well.

We might add that Mr. Frei was admiringly
impressed with the adaptability of the inmates
to the task. However, he has left the inmates,
and the powers that be, with an even greater im-
pression by his contribution. We shall remember
Mr. Frei, and his kindness, as we do all our bene-
factors, long after he has forgotten our... bou-
quet of thanks. 

L. J. Biancone
