---
id: "232"
title: "Faith Is Not An Escape"
author: "GALLAGHER, Rev. Edwin L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Faith Is Not An Escape
by Rev. Edwin L. Gallagher, 
Catholic Chaplain

Recently Archbishop Cushing of Boston wrote
an article in the Friar Magazine which, I believe,
is worth repeating in our quarterly.

‘‘Many persons accept religion as a kind of
sedative, a calming, consoling balm to the afflicted
spirit, and little more. Communists once called
religion the opium of the people and the devout
resented the designation. Yet, one sometimes fears
that many make of their religion little more than
an opiate for their own torments and for the worries
of society. They have themselves succumbed to
a concept of religion which is far more concerned
with the sweet relief that Faith is expected to pro-
vide, than with the stimulus to dynamic life, which
is the essence of genuine religious Faith.

‘“Our Blessed Lord constantly illustrated His
concept of the spiritual life by striking phrases
suggestive not of repose or lassitude or peaceful
rest, but of energetic action, heroic struggle and
dynamie vitality. ‘‘I have come that they may have
life and have it more abundantly!’’ ‘‘I have come
to bring down fire on earth, and what will IJ, but that
it burn!’’ ‘‘The kingdom of Heaven suffereth vio-
lence and the violent bear it away!’’

‘‘Religion is, of course, a comfort for the
troubled mind; it does soothe the hurt spirit as
nothing else can do. But is is entirely false to see
in religion merely a personal channel for escapism,
for distraction from the evils of the world, the evils
of sickness and poverty and sin included. Religion
should challenge us to meet these head-on to combat
them and to conquer them .. . and the principal
consolations of the religious life should come from
the victory which religion inspires us to win over
evil. Religion is an inspiration to collective effort,
not a formula for individual respose.

‘‘Another mistaken notion with regard to re-
ligion is a characteristically modern one. It makes
the assumption that religion is only one of the
many departments of life, even though it be the most
important. To the genuine Catholic man, this notion
is unacceptable. He recognizes that religion, if it
be truly such, provides a pattern for integral liv-
ing, a source of energy for total action. It elevates
the whole of life to a new level; it gives a new
quality to all functions of life, not merely an ad-
ditional quality to those which already existed. The
Catholic man recognizes that his life is not divided
into two series of activities; one natural, as shaving,
whistling or performing daily duties in business or
professions; and the other supernatural, as praying
or receiving the sacraments. By virtue of the
supernatural life, on the contrary, every natural
activity is caught up into a higher and wider sphere
of reality. It is given new meaning and purpose,
new quality, new worth, new and eternal im-
plications.

“So the Catholic man does not departmentalize
this supernatural religion and his natural vocation.
The work by which he wins his bread is also the
work by which he wins eternal life. The most
simple service he does his fellow man acquires
from its religious overtones a dignity which makes
it acceptable to God. The man, living by this con-
cept of his vocation, makes of every day the Lord’s
Day; he does not go to church on Sunday to find
God; he goes to work to find God all week, and
goes to Church to enjoy God and to learn more con-
cerning how God may be found in every word and
work of his daily life.’’
