---
id: "233"
title: "God = Hungry"
author: "REYNOLDS, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
God = Hungry

by Rev. Gordon Reynolds,
Protestant Chaplain

A woman, on the verge of a nervous breakdown,
went to see a doctor. The doctor, after a careful
examination, gave her this advice: ‘‘Madam, I
would advise that you spend fifteen minutes every
morning in private devotion. Read your bible for
five minutes; if you don’t have one, buy one. Think
about what you have read for another five minutes,
then talk to God for five minutes. If you don’t know
how to pray, learn how. You are simply God-hun-
ery!’’? The woman saw red, became angry and re-
monstrated, ‘‘I came here for physical diagnosis,
not for spiritual advice.’’ The doctor answered,
‘‘Madam, that is my diagnosis and it will cost you
fifty dollars!’’ Furiously she stormed out of the
office, but because she was desperate and needed re-
lief she tried it; her nerves simmered down, she
received spiritual strength and the rampaging fears
stopped gnawing at her heart. There was but one
real difficulty with her disposition, she was God-
hungry.

Remember, as someone has said, ‘‘Thou hast
made us for Thyself, O God, and we are restless
until we rest in Thee.’’ Truly there is a God-shaped
vacuum in everyone’s heart. If God is absent from
this seat of authority then a much less gracious
Master will dominate. The hungry tiger takes it
out on everyone with whom he comes in contact.
You and I do the same when we exist without the
inner peace that tells us that when we are right with
God it will be easier to be right with other people.
The Kingdom of God is built on the framework of
proper relationships. Unless Christ is at the center
we cannot maintain a satisfactory relationship with
our fellow men.

The Salvation Army, in launching its annual
Salvation Army week, May 19-26, 1957, published
the following statement in description of its ac-
tivities ; “With HEART to God and HAND to man.’’
You are leaving out of your life one of the most
important ingredients of satisfaction, service and
success, if you are by-passing God and neglecting
your spiritual life. Let’s make Him the center and
I assure you, the circumference will take care of
itself.
