---
id: "234"
title: "Death In Iowa"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Death In Iowa

In April, 1957, at the Iowa State Penitentiary,
one of the most widely read and highly regarded
voices of the Penal Press was stilled. The voice that
belonged to Tom Runyon now belongs to all those
who remember him. Like W. B. Yeats, ‘‘he became
his admirers.’’

What, specifically, there is to admire about the
late Tom Runyon is legion. He battled religiously
since the beginning of his 19 or 20 year period of
incarceration to tell ‘‘the convict’s side of the
story’’. Said Tom in the Twenty-Third Anniversary
Issue of PRESIDIO, ‘‘Newspapers, radio, maga-
zines—all were strictly anti-prisoner. Our little self-
supporting 32-page PRESIDIO was a puny David
to face the Goliath that was a whole vindictive
world.’’ Did he dare to tell the prisoners’ story ?
So much so that, ‘‘Inevitably, I suppose, looking
back, I fell out completely and finally with the
Parole Board in 1943, and ended with ... the enmity
of the all-powerful Board of Control.’’

In the course of his career, Tom was in part
responsible for a ‘‘rehabilitation-minded prison’’, he
saw the old night stick guards’ club go, industry pay
raised to $.25 per day, gate money for discharged
prisoners raised (from $5.00, I believe) to $25.00,
humiliating outside numbers disappear from in-
mates’ clothes, less discipline for discipline’s sake—
all things he and other PRESIDIO editors fought to
achieve. His story about Ole Lindquist, ‘‘Iowa’s
forgotten lifer’’, resulted not only in Ole’s freedom
but in the freedom of a number of lifers who would
be forgotten today except for the effect it (his
story) had on top official thinking. He helped win
publie support in behalf of Iowa prisoners ... with-
out which nothing could have been done.

Just before the sudden end of his career, Tom
had this to say:

“And now with scant inches of space left, where
was I? Ah, yes! I was chattering about the way
years can slip up on a fellow. Thinning hair and
bi-focals those years have brought, but other things
as well—they have brought a great deal of hard
work and a kind of concentration that can at times
make a man unconscious of passing time.

“Where did those years go? They went into
a battle for what I believe, and the other editors be-
lieve, was right. We haven’t won the more im-
portant battles... BUT WH’RE STILL TRYING.’’
