---
id: "235"
title: "Profile..."
author: "SHADD, Harold George"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PROFILE...

by HAROLD GEORGE SHADD

Fifteen years doesn’t seem like a very long time
if you say it or read it fast. REAL FAST! But
when you spend that time behind the high, sombre
walls of a prison as has Jacob V. Hoffman, counting
the seconds, the minutes, the hours, the days, the
weeks, the months and the years . . . then those
fifteen years seem like eternity. And ETERNITY,
my friend... IS FOREVER!

Jake ...as he is better known to his fellow in-
mates ... works eight hours every day in the Of-
ficers’ Tailor Shop, pressing trousers and mending
shirts. A small, thinnish fellow with straight black
hair neatly parted in the middle, shell-rimmed
glasses perched on the end of his nose, Jake appears
to be in his late thirties, but is actually closer to
fifty. He is a shy, Caspar Milquetoast sort of char-
acter, but once you’ve met Jake, and spoken to him
on his favorite subject or philosophy ... you can’t
help liking the guy. And incidentally, Jake will,
even though he has a speech impediment, eat, sleep,
dream and talk philosophy twenty-four hours a day
if he can manage to corner you...

In the fifteen years he has been in prison, Jake
has established himself as a kind, considerate gentle-
man ...a homespun philosopher and sage interested
primarily in the welfare and well-being of his fellow
man. Many men admire Jake because of his apt
observations on the meaning of hfe. Many like
him because he has become a Tertiary in the Cath-
olic Order of Dominican Friars and because he is one
of those men who are not afraid to stand up in a
crowd and be counted as one of God’s Chil’un. But,
of course, as is common with any colorful person-
ality, there are probably some individuals who dis-

like Jake because of his keen insight into those
human motives which are, basically .. . ulterior.
The tiny crow’s-feet gathered at the edges of Jake’s
expressive, brown eyes attest to the fact that, in
addition to being a man of thought, Jake is also a
man of humor ...aman who enjoys a good laugh...
a man who can chuckle at a good, clean joke .
even if it’s on himself.

The saga of Jake and his fifteen years behind
the grey-stone walls of the Eastern State Penitenti-
ary can best be summed up in the words Jake uttered
during the course of our interview ... ‘‘I have never
believed in lettng TIME become my master,’’ he
said seriously. ‘‘Rather than become a servant to
TIME, I have made TIME serve me! I have forced
it to help me conduct an exhaustive but stimulating
study into the deep realms of philosophy and re-
ligion. I have forced TIME to give new meaning
to my life!’’

And evidently Jake has won his battle with
Time, because he has admitted to mental fencing
with some of the most profound minds in the field .
.. Maritain... St. Thomas Aquinas... and Aristotle,
to mention a few. But as we said, this fencing has
been entirely mental and has taken place in the deep
recesses of Jake’s mind when he stops counting the
hours, the months and the years. He hasn’t had
the opportunity to meet any teachers of philosophy.
He’s been in prison... FIFTEEN YEARS!

It was a rainy afternoon in April, 1942, that
Jake was sentenced to LIFE... for the crime of
murder. The clang of prison doors slamming shut
had a ring of finality in their tone, and Jake ex-
plained the reason .... “‘It was a erime of pas-
sion,’’ Jake said sadly as we watched the buried
sorrow creep into his eyes. ‘‘It was one of those
things that can happen in seconds. There is no ex-
cuse for murder, or for any other crime for that
matter, and I’m not trying to make excuses for the
crime I committed. JI was deeply in love with the
girl and insanely jealous. Before I knew what was
happening I did something I’ll be sorry for, for the
rest of my life.’’

"You mean sorry for yourself, don't you,
Jake,’’ we asked cynically.

“No ....," Jake replied slowly. "Not for
myself. For my Ruthie.”

We watched the tears well up in Jake’s large
eyes and we were sorry we had asked the question.

It is Jake’s philosophical approach to life and
the complexities of living in a prison world that
tends to place him in that select group who face even
the most serious problems of living with the complete
disdain of those who have an inner peace and the
knowledge that we travel along the road of life but

"It was one of those things that can happen in seconds.”

once, and are, therefore, determined to pause and
sip of the honey as they pass.

And HOW did Jake discover peace of mind in
prison? Well, my friend... let Jake answer in his
own words .... ‘‘I found inner peace and con-
tentment within myself through my studies dealing
with philosophy and religion. But for many years
I didn’t believe in anything. I had lost my faith
in my fellow man, in my God, and in myself. I was
an empty shell and even the shell seemed to be noth-
ing but a useless hulk, completely devoid of any real
value. J was a man without hope...a man without
faith ...a man to whom life was meaningless.

‘‘But then after several years in prison, a hidden
voice began to prod my mind with such questions as
... "WHY are you? WHY were YOU placed on
this earth? WHAT is the real meaning of life?
WHY are you in prison? WHERE did YOU fail?
WHAT kind of a man are YOU? WHAT is your
ultimate end? WHAT is the purpose in your even
being born? IS there a GOD?’’ I began looking
for the answers to these and other questions and my
search led me deep into the valleys of philosophy
and religion. I have found the answers to my ques-
tions and the knowledge of those answers has given
me... PEACE of MIND.’’

AND WE AGREE WITH HIM BECAUSE....

If anywhere in the world there exists a man who
has become REHABILITATED in the TRUE sense
of the word, Jacob V. Hoffman is that man, because
he has taken the pointed needle of philosophy .. .
threaded it with a better understanding of his fellow
man... and sewn a new patch of meaning onto this
blanket of trouble and misunderstanding called life.
