---
id: "236"
title: "It's Worth Some Thought: Can You..."
author: "CHANDLER, Selvian R."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CAN YOU...
by SELVIAN R. CHANDLER

Extend to the next fellow the same courtesy
that you would like to have extended to you? It
is quite easy to say, ‘‘Yes.’’ But can you, with a
clear, easy conscience give an affirmative answer
to such a question? The deep, withdrawn thoughts
hidden in the far recesses of the mind need answer-
ing. The individual must answer them for himself.
Others may show him the way, but the final answer
must be from him. And our relationship with oth-
ers is of definite importance. Does this question
ever strike you?

If so, then give it thought. One does not have
to eater to another to be either civil or accepted.
Neither do we have to kow-tow three times before
an alabaster throne. Being civil and courteous re-
quires neither of these. It is simply being mindful
of the other person. Often we forget, and slip into
a state of complete disregard. This is an appalling
situation. It may not be evident to some of us, but
it is.

Discourtesy to others is excused on the basis of
the social situation. A philosophy of self first,
is argued as a necessity. In this hght, we tend to
See our own acts of discourtesy as justified, and so
become blind to them. Should this be the attitude
taken, then for a moment stop and think! On the
outside, if your neighbor comes home at 3:00 A.M.
and continually honks his horn while you are sleep-
ing, no doubt it will awaken you. You will find his
noise-making very annoying, particularly if you got
to bed late and need all the sleep you can get. What
matter if your neighbor does not consider himself
discourteous? He is still making someone else mis-
erable! In this case, yourself.

In a penal institution, the basic fact does not
change. In question is the case of the man who is
approached about his lack of regard for his fellow
prisoners. He, in many instances, will answer that
he has a ‘‘bit’’ to do and is doing it in the way
easiest for him. Here, again, is the self first, others
later philosophy. But, regardless, here again others
are being annoyed and made miserable.

When you are living the ‘‘necessary’’ way or
the ‘‘easiest’’ way for yourself, the chances are you
can become completely blind to your lack of con-
sideration of others. In this case, having the ability
to see that you are off on a tangent in your relation-
ship with others is an asset. Through it, you can
slip into the proper ‘‘groove’’ where you find your-
self cooperating and getting along with others
amiably. Any person should feel much better when
he. is at peace with those with whom he has to live.
Whether he lives with them by choice or conditions
beyond his control. Live then agreeably, having
consideration and courtesy for your neighbors, no
matter where you abide. Can you?
