---
id: "237"
title: "An Analysis of the Universal Penal Problem"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
An Analysis
of the
Universal
Penal
Problem

by L. J. BIANCONE

While many gains have been made throughout
the American penal system in recent years, prisons
without incentive benefits incorporated into their re-
habilitation program apparently will continue to be
rated as dismal failures.

TWO SCHOOLS OF THOUGHT

The terrifying realization that most of our
prisons are not rehabilitating a larger percentage
of their prisoners presents a significant problem for
society in general. Yet this same society seems to
be satisfied with the ‘‘out of sight, out of mind”’
attitude, notwithstanding the fact that 95 per cent
of all prisoners are eventually released from prison.
Penologists, on the other hand, urge treatment and
rehabilitation. The high percentage of inmates re-
leased. ... justifies the latter attitude. However, the
prisoner is ensnared between two schools of thought,
and is more or less left to shift for himself. Simply
marking time, so to speak, the inmate waits and
hopes for the: proverbial break, which usually only
comes at the expiration of his burden . . . obviously
too late. Thus, the psychological impact upon so-
ciety must be fatal. Whereas, a logical incentive
program could have materially helped to produce
the opposite effect—self-reorientation and adjust-
ment.

RING OUT THE OLD

Eastern State Penitentiary was the first peni-
tentiary in the world. Its history goes back to
1790, when it was converted from the old Philadel-
phia Walnut Street Jail. This penitentiary, in-
tended as a place of penitence, was first conceived
by an Englishman, John Howard. In 1828 the
present institution (Cherry Hill) was erected, and
designed to conform with the penal philosophy of
Mr. Howard and his associates, who were laboring
under the premise that prisoners have a contaminat-
ing influence upon each other. Thus, separate and
solitary confinement was adopted. Result: Prison
stupor, commonly known as the state of being ‘‘stir
crazy’’, and more hardened criminals. The system
was abolished in 19138.

RING IN THE NEW

Psychologists, and other trained personnel, per-
haps achieved the greatest gain in penal reform in
the early 30’s when classification of prisoners was
adopted. The philosophy behind this system is an
attempt at group segregation; i.e., prisoners of a
like status ... which includes, among other char-
acteristics, age, attitude and previous crime ex-
perience ... are housed, whenever possible, apart
from dissimilar groups. This method has been found
a proven success in the elementary stage of ‘‘reach-
ing’’ the prisoner. However, it has its drawbacks,
too, which are usually due to lack of facilities such
as buildings, staff, personnel and a failure to ‘‘follow
up’’, as well as the inevitable lack of incentive
benefit.

NEW BUGABOOS

In addition to public indifference, the failure
of the abolished method of separate and solitary con-
finement, and the only partially successful classifi-
cation system with its emphasis on treatment special-
ties, there is yet another factor in prison failure
which Dr. Negley K. Teeters, one of the nation’s
foremost penal authorities, considers relevant.
Among the 200,000 inmates confined in American
prisons, he cites, are many who refuse to accept
treatment and other available facilities conducive
to self-improvement. ‘‘Not content with dragging
their own feet,’’ the benevolent doctor laments,
“some inmates discourage those who see some good
in the program.’’ However, one can concede to
many correlated defects, but none, so far as the
prisoner is concerned, presents an insurmountable
obstacle, because no prisoner really plans on making
a career of imprisonment.

SOLUTION WANTED

What, then, is the solution to the universal pris-
on problem? Penologists are unanimously in a-
greement with the fact that the prisoner must resolve
his own inequities. They can only assist him. We
are told, the prisoner must reorient himself... he
must be ‘‘reached,’’ induced into hard thinking,
the logical end of which can only be that he has had
it, so to speak.

Since the methods which attempted to induce
this self-reorientation have been found wanting, why
do our American prisons continue their unimproved
employment? Must the change come only after
chaos? Apparently this is what prompted the penal
reform in the great Bay State of Massachusetts
which incorporated the incentive benefit system,
with emphasis on ‘‘good time,’’ in their rehabilita-
tion program.

A FORWARD STEP

When the Wessel Committee studied the Mass.
achusetts prison system several years ago, it found,
among other things, an antiquated parole system.
The good conduct and general improvement of the
prisoner meant absolutely nothing; nor did insti-
tutional staff reeommendations, which reports are
invariably based upon a daily log of the inmate’s
activities. An inmate could not even apply for a
parole before service of two-thirds of his sentence.
Lifers and ‘‘habituals’’ were not eligible at all.

BASELESS FEARS DISPELLED

The Wessel report urged a general overhauling
and liberalization of the system. Opponents count-
ered, ‘‘murderers in for life would go free after
only 15 years.’’ The fear was expressed that there
would be a general jail delivery with released in-
mates preying upon society enmasse, with no ade-
quate supervision. Julien Steele, a Parole Board
member, soon dispelled these fears by pointing out
their baselessness: under the new system, although
the number of prisoners on parole increased 40 per
cent, parole revocations remained at 33 per cent
level. Hence, new parolees have been a 40 per cent
better risk than ‘the prisoners paroled under the old
System.

INCENTIVE DIVIDEND

The Massachusetts prisoner is not only eligible
for parole after he has served two-thirds of his min-
imum sentence, but also receives commutation of
his sentence earned for good behavior and general
self-improvement. This is known as ‘‘good time.’’
In figures, the system now grants 1214 days per
month ... or nearly two years off a five year sent-
ence. All prisoners are entitled to these benefits,
including Lifers. Solitary confinement has been
abolished. Economically, the additional parolees
save the State some $800,000 a year in institutional
costs. Needless to say, this represents a tremendous
dividend on the taxpayers’ investment.

A LONG HARD LOOK

Pennsylvania, too, has made many gains in penal
reform, and no doubt there are more forthcoming.
It is eminently clear, however, that our state is in
the process of solidifying the gains thus far accom-
plished. Perhaps there will be a long, hard look
into the incentive benefit program, with emphasis
on ‘‘good time.’’

To say the least, the status quo certainly war-
rants such consideration, for even the ‘‘out of sight,
out of mind’’ public can unequivocally conclude
that the farmer who neglects to reap his harvest in
due season can only expect his crop to deteriorate.
