---
id: "239"
title: "No Hits, No Runs . . . One Error"
author: "Maneely, John M."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
NO HITS
NO RUNS 
... ONE ERROR

There’s nothing like a sure thing and Pete
did his best to insure the outcome, but he certainly
didn’t count on ... but that comes later

by JOHN M. MANEELY
ILLUSTRATED BY JAMES MORRISON

Sure Pop Pete is known around the gambling
fraternity as a party who don’t cast his bread
upon the waters unless he’s sure that it will
return in the form of a three-tiered layer cake. If
Shirley Temple was boxing Rocky Marciano, Pete
would not venture a sou upon the match unless he
knew that the fix was in for Shirley to take a dive.

It is also bandied about that Pete can go out
for an evening with a dime, and come back with
nine cents left over. So naturally, when he starts
wooing Gloria Gay, who is appearing nightly
as the feature hip weaver at the ‘‘Chartreuse
Chateaux’’ the smart money lays six to five that
the romance don’t last for two weeks.

Now, Miss Gay is a raven-haired creature with
a pair of ‘‘I’m comin’ right over there and get you”’
eyes, and a body by Fisher. She is one of those rare
dolls that looks as if she’d hiss if a drop of water
touched her. But Gloria has a cash register for a
mind. She is a gal that wants to eat her cake and
have yours, too. This is why the bright boys say
that it will soon be over. No one believes that Sure
Pop will take the padlock off his money belt....
Not even for Gloria.

The ‘‘Chartreuse Chateaux’’ is quite a plushy
midtown hot-cha joint, and night after night Pete
sits at a ringside table and gazes glassy-eyed at
the Gyrating Gloria. But the thing that really causes
a mass raising of eyebrows is when Gloria starts
draping her frame at Pete’s table every night after
her act, and Pete begins to spend money like it
is going out of style.

One night after a particularly torrid session
on the floor, Gloria covers her few strategically
placed beads with a robe, and comes out for her
usual tete-a-tete with the now panting Pete. As soon
as she gets her equipment planted in a chair, he
grasps her dainty little mitt with his big bottle
openers, and he says to her like this, ‘‘Gloria baby,
you’re driving me mad. Let’s go see a minister.”’

“Why Petey, you mean you want to marry
me?’’ she says, and starts batting her eyelashes
around.

"You know how I feel about you, hon. How’s
about it?”

‘‘Oh, Petey,’’ she gurgles, intimating that she
ean think of nothing more desirable than taking the
plunge immediately. ‘‘But,’’ and now the shadow
of a frown creases her innocent little brow as she
goes on, ‘‘I promised dear mother before I left home
that I’d get engaged for a while, first. You know—
sort of make sure, instead of just jumping into
marriage.”’

‘‘That’s okay, Glo,’’ Pete says, acting like he’s
the All American Boy. ‘‘I understand.”

“Then you mean we’re engaged?’’ she asks,
and she starts oozing ecstasy all over the place.

‘‘Bet your life we are,’’ Pete tells her.

"Oh, wonn - derful! Then I’ll meet you at noon
tomorrow, and we can pick out the ring.’’

She follows this by planting a kiss right on
top of Pete’s head, which is about as bare as Egypt
was when the locusts got through with it. And
that is how Sure Pop Pete gets trapped into taking
little Gloria out on a diamond safari.

Needless to say, Gloria lures Pete into the most
lavish jewelry emporium in town, and after many
‘‘Ohs’’? and ‘‘Ahs’’ and squeals of delight, she
pounces on a little bauble that is slightly smaller
than the Yankee Stadium. The price tag on this
trinket is a mere $5,200, and as soon as the rescue
squad revives him Pete starts to do some mental
sharp-shooting.

He has, give or take a few coconuts, around six
grand. If he shells out the wherewithal for the ring,
it will leave him something in the neighborhood of
$800, and this neighborhood, as far as Pete is
concerned, is strictly nowhere.

Sure Pop toys with the idea of sliding out of
the sale, but then his beady little eyes lick greedily
over the fair Gloria and he pulls $200 out of his
mothproof wallet and tells the salesman he will be
back with the rest in a day or so. Then he takes
leave of his beaming bride to be and walks down
the street toward the hotel where the Indians, with
their prize rookie, Rube Jensen, are esconced while
waiting to beat the ears off the Yankees.

Now, Rube Jensen is about the hottest hunk
of real estate to come up to the Indians since Sitting
Bull was just a little calf. He is known to be a bit
muscle bound between the ears. But he wins eleven
in a row for the Tribe, so the fact that he isn’t
exactly the seventh son of a seventh son doesn’t
dampen their enthusiasm for him. With Rube on
the mound looking for number twelve tonight, the
price is nine to five against the Yankees.

Rube is stumbling through the latest issue of
‘‘Mairyland Comics" when Pete’s knock sounds
on his door. Reluctantly tearing himself away from
the poor princess who is being kicked around by
the wicked old witch, he calls out ‘‘C’mon in. It
ain’t locked.”

As Pete enters, his greasy little eyes slide
furtively over the room. Satisfied that there is no
one lurking about, Pete begins his skullduggery
with an oily smile and a ‘‘Hi, kid.”

"I can’t recollect ever seein’ you, mister.
Mebbe if’n you’d tell me your name... ”’

“My name’s not important, kid,’’ Pete purrs,
‘‘I’m here to do you a favor.”’

“Wull, thank yuh kindly,’’ gulps Rube, ‘‘this
sure is a friendly town.”

‘‘Look, Rube,’’ says Pete, getting down to bus-
iness.’’ "I been watching you ever since the season
started, and I don’t think the Indians are paying
you enough money.’’

“Why shucks, mister. I don’t rightly...”

‘‘How would you lke to make five hundred
dollars?’’ interrupts Pete.

“I'd reckon I'd like it, fine."

"Good! All I want you to do is throw the game
tonight,’’ Pete tells him, as he pulls five C-notes
off of his wad.

"But gee mister, I ..."

“Tut, tut, my lad,’’ clucks Pete as he presses
the wampum into Rube’s hand.’’ Just make it
look good will you?”

“Well. . okay. And I aim to make it extry
good, jest for you. Thank yuh, sir.”

“That’s all right,’’ says Pete, starting for the
door. ‘‘Always glad to give someone a helping
hand."

And, saying a fond farewell to Rube, Sure Pop
Pete, the benevolent benefactor of underpaid ball
players, waltzes out of the hotel and spreads his
remaining five grand around on the Yankees. At
nine to five, he figures to be able to buy Gloria’s
ring, and have quite a bit of change left over. So
now that the fix is in and the bets are down, Pete
goes home to gloat, and wait for the game to be
over so that he can count his ill-gotten gains.

The rest of this tender little tale was recorded
on almost every sports page in the country.

The Indians get one run in their half of the
third inning, and they can’t push a man past second
for the rest of the night. But it turns out that one
run is enough to wrap up the old ball game, because
Rube muffles the Yanks’ big guns by pitching a
no-hit, no-run game.

The next day the papers are full of the story
of the ‘‘nice fellah’’ that came to see Rube before
the game and gave him five hundred dollars to
throw it. In Rube’s own words, it goes something
like this:

“I’ll never forgit that nice man. He gave me all
that money jest t’ throw that there ball game. Well,
I throwed jes’ as hard as I could. I told him I’d
make it extry good. Gee, he was a fine gennulman.
I hope he ain’t mad cause I walked that one guy.’’

Nobody sees Pete for quite awhile after this,
but now he is back on the main stem and you can
see him every day in ‘‘Marty’s Cafe’’. This was
always his favorite spot. Only now, instead of being
waited on, Sure Pop is washing the dishes. He’s not
doing too bad for a guy that always thought that
‘‘work’’ was a dirty word.

Gloria?... When Pete tells her he’s broke, she
drops him like he has leprosy. But that same night
the Indians bring Rube into the ‘‘Chartreuse
Chateaux’’ to celebrate his no-hitter. When little
Glory spies this human money making machine,
she turns on the heat full blast... And the next
time the Indians come to town, Gloria and Rube
get set in double harness.

You can still see Gloria around in the small
hours of the morning. She gets up at four a. m. to
milk the cows. Right after they are married, Rube’s
priceless flipper goes bad, so he has to quit baseball
and go back to the farm.

Yep... life is full of profitable little surprises.
