---
id: "24"
title: "Sun Smoke or...They Went Thatta-way, Herschell"
author: "Murphy, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Sun Smoke
or
... "They went thatta-way, Herschell”
by FRANCIS A. MURPHY

And now through the courtesy of Mother
Murphy's Matzo Balls, we bring you Sun Smoke
(sound effects _ _ _ sirens, breaking of windows,
tattoo of machine guns, etc. _ _ _ left over from
Gangbusters _ _ _ so, you wanted to economize!)
the story of Slat Dillon, protector of the innocent,
upholder of the law, and pick-up man for Reginelli.
Any resemblance to any persons, living or dead is
purely _ _ _ you should be so lucky!

My name is Sam MacBrew (no relation to
Dangerous Dan McBrew). I was a tall, cool brone
buster in those days. I was a brone buster until
one day someone showed me one of those wild
hosses. . . .who ME??? So, they made me a bar-
keep in the Texas Trail Saloon and from then on
I was known as tall, cool Brew. I never owned a
six-shooter because it was against my religion. My
religion? Oh-ah, I was Yellow. That’s affiliated
with The Brothers of Self-Preservation Funda-
mentalists. And that’s why I’m here today telling
this story. All I ever owned was a fast hoss and
a gee-tar. I had seven notches on the neck of my
gee-tar. (When I wanted to play my gee-tar I
wanted someone to be present, even if I had to
knock them down first.) Today, I’m an old man
with nothing but memories, but I’m happy as a bed-
bug in a public flop house.

Well, as I say, I was working the Texas Trail
Saloon, but it was tough. The owner was always
watching me. He knew I was tapping the till but
he couldn’t catch me at it. I got to admit I was
pretty clever. No one could understand how I
used to make the brass spittoons ring when I spit
at them. When my mouth used to get full of silver
dollars I used to spit them into the spittoon. (One
of my jobs was cleaning out the spittoons in the
morning.) The boss used to think I kept a plug
of Horse Hoof in my mouth. Today they have
Old Age Pensions but in those days you had to
put a little something by if you lived to an old age.

I was happy at Dodge City. I had a good room
at the Dodge House, a room with - - well, not a view
but a fine aroma from the livery stable. My only
claim to fame is that I knew Slat Dillon, U. S.
Marshal, Kitty, B-girl at the Texas Trail and
Chester Slewfoot, Dillon’s deputy. Kitty and Slat
were married then and living peacefully - - between
bouts.

Kitty was quite a gal in those days. She had
been on more laps than a napkin at Del Monico’s
hashhouse, and she could smile prettier with her
three teeth than most girls would with a full set. 

She could toss her garter from the top of the bar
and hang it like a halo on some bald head and spit
a plug of tobacco smack dab in the middle of it.
She was an iron-willed woman. She had so much
iron in her she used to take anti-rust shots. She was
a large bosomed gal who always seemed to be stand-
ing closer to you than you were to her. I always
suspicioned her of carrying a couple of Colt 44’s in
her bosom...never did find out, though.

Dillon first met Katty in Tombstone where she
was known as Kitty, Girl Mole. She had the grave
digging concession on Boot Hill.

I was there when Slat Dillon was first appointed
U. 8S. Marshal for the Kansas Territory and I was
there when they stripped him of his Star. The
Government never got around to sending him his
silver star so he had to wear the trademark of
Mother Murphy’s Matzo Balls, a six-pointed star
from the boxtop, pinned to his vest. He lost his star
for shooting the father of ten children --- mistook
him for a rabbit. He lost his star but ole’ Doe saved
the man’s life. Ole’ Doe was always doing something
fine. Every morning he would go over to Dillon’s
home, open the cellar and throw a few fish to the
children. The kids loved Ole’ Doc. To show their
appreciation they would playfully give him a blast
or two from a 12 gauge shotgun.

Not many people know that ole’ Doc was famous
back east in Shapeless, Mass. He was the inventor
of that famous do-it-yourself-kit “Brain Surgery at
Home for Beginners’’. However, hard times befell
the good doctor, and he was forced into smuggling
minor league ball players into Philadelphia. This
was frowned upon and he fled west to avoid Bob
Carpenter and remained here.

One day I was behind the bar painting a model
in the nude, but I hurriedly put on a robe when I
heard footsteps in the cellar. At first I thought it
was the real estate agent trying to collect rent from
the rats but instead in stepped Dillon, Kitty, Chester
and Doe. It seems the local Captain Ferguson was
making it tough on pick-up men and Dillon had to
crawl in cellar windows and climb over back fences
to make his contacts. While he was there I gave
him a play. Told him to box 742 for seven cents.

They lined up at the bar and we all had a
round of cherry phosphates. We chewed the rag—
or rather Chester did, he’s wild over the damp bar
rags—and one thing leading to another it wasn’t
long before the damp stuff on the bar rag was telling
on Chester. You could see he was stuffed fuller than
Elsa Maxwell’s stockings. His tongue loosened and
he began to talk freely and reminisce of his days
as a member of the Eata-Bita-Py tribe. Chester was
a full-blooded half-breed Cree Indian, the son of
that famous Mother McCree. He talked of his days
as a brave in Milwaukee and his capture by a tribe
from Pittsburgh who tried to make him a pirate.
Eventually he escaped and returned to the Indians
in Cleveland. He carried photos of his first teepee
which was covered with toupees. A tear came to his
eye (the good one) when he showed us a photo of
two human skulls. They were the skulls of his
squaw, Girdie Murphy, one of them when she was a
lovely young maiden and the other when she was
a grown woman...... Whaaaaat?????

It was about this time that Wild Bill Itchsock
picked up a little weight in the form of two pounds
of lead in the breadbasket from the smoking Colt
44’s in the hands of Mrs. W. B. Itchsock. She shot
him in the middle of Main Street and Armstrong’s
Livery Stable. This unexpected turn of events un-
nerved the aging Chester who was heard to mumble,
‘‘T need something tall, cool and full of gin.’’ Dillon
turned in a flash and said, ‘‘Dang your hide, Chest-
er, you’re speaking of the woman I love.’’ Chester
stood there as quiet aS a man sneaking out of
church just before the collection, his fingers busily
applying earwax to his retarded moustache. He
snarled at Dillon, saying, ‘‘You’ve always been
lucky, Dillon. You have a wife and cigarette lighter
and they both work.’’ Dillon reddened, turned and
slowly walked out of the Texas Trail. (But we know
trouble is brewing between them, don’t we?) ______

It wasn’t until three days later that Wild Bill
took a turn for the nurse---er, I mean, for the
worse. He was buried in Boot Hill (Forest Lawn
wouldn’t accept him then, he was a nobody) along-
side of Hamner, Ennis and Lopata,-they’d been
dead since April. Wild Bill’s grave was a real jewel.
Mrs. W.B. saw to it, she planted 14 earrots
around it.

Leaving Wild Bill planted out on the Hill, we
were drifting back to town and we could hear the
soft strains of music coming from The Texas Trail
Saloon. It was Joe Banana and his music with a
peel. He and his boys were playing a medley of
funeral dirges, entitled, ‘‘ Get down out of the
Belfry, Mother, Curfew shall not Ring Tonight’’
and, ‘‘Take your shoes off Annie, You’re running
through my mind’’.

We knew all the boys in the Band, the Banana
brothers, so we stopped in to say ‘‘hello’”’ to the old
bunch. Ha-Ha, get it? The old bunch - - bananas...
Ha-Ha ----- you don’t think it’s funny, eh?

We went up to the bar and ordered 5 Up and
Policeman’s Cookies. (5 Up was as close as we
could get to 7 Up in those days and Policeman’s
Cookies was the fore-runner of the present-day Cop
Cakes (I SAID IT!!!....And I’m glad. . .glad, do
you hear? _ _ Author) (Okay, so you said it, down
boy _ _ _ Editor)

Chester, being in a sad frame of mind borrowed
my gee-tar and started to sing the Cowboy’s lament :

Dear ole’ paint, my hoss, my life,
Somehow, you remind me of my wife.
She left me, ere I hardly knew her,
And rode away in a cloud of manure.

The song angered Dillon, upholder of the fair
sex and women in general. He’d never been known
to hit a woman.... that weighed more than 135 lbs.
All eyes were now on that famous gunslinger, for
they knew, as well as we, that there was bad blood
between Chester and Dillon. It had been years since
Dillon had slapped leather, but now Dillon’s knees
were bending in that famous fighting pose. His feet
were shifting - - -- - slowly, slowly ...to get the sun
at his back. That steely glint came into his slate
erey eyes, his out-stretched fingers were slowly
dropping towards the butts of those famous Colt
44’s..... on a 22 Cal. frame with telescopic sights...
hanging low on his thighs, encased in pure worsted
gabardine holsters.

The crowd gasped and held their breaths when
Dillon’s whiplash voice rang out....And now we
interrupt this exciting program to have a few words
from our announcer.

Mother Murphy’s Matzo Balls! They don’t
erackle....No! hey dont Snap....No! They
don’t Pop!....No! They just lie there soggy and
gummy as all get out.

Let the children throw them about before din-
ner. Upon serving, remove the outer mold and enjoy
that delicious taste treat of 50 years.

Tear off the top of your nearest grocer and
mail it to Mother Murphy’s. I’ll be waiting for
you. . . . .and a Matzo Ball to you,too.

Returning to our story we hear:

“Chester!!! Heavens to Betsy, don’t sing that
vulger song in my presence, or I’ll give you such
a pinch already. You make me so mad I could spit.’’

It dawned on those present that Slat Dillon was
through. His old fighting spirit that had carried him
to glory was gone. The man who had faced down or
outdrawn the most vicious desperadoes of the
Kansas Territory and points north and south was
justa shell of his former self.

The next morning as I was filling the half
empty whiskey bottles with water, I noticed Dillon
and Kitty slowly riding into the sun, with Doe and
Chester close behind, singing an old Indian love
song....‘‘The Object of my Affection is up at the
House of Correction....’’

If he had only SPIT!!!!
