---
id: "241"
title: "Thoughts on Enemies"
author: "WILLIAMS, Jr., John L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Thoughts on ENEMIES

by JOHN L. WILLIAMS Jr.

Of course, it is expected that a person will have
enemies during his lifetime. If you don’t believe
it, just look around—you may have incipient ones
right now. And if you find that you do, you would
be wise if you begin concocting a method with which
you will be able to handle them.

CONCILIATION

Personally, I find that the enemies I have today
are mostly men I have seen around but have never
held a conversation with. They are generally of
two kinds. Sometimes a person doesn’t know when
he is hurting another, and the only way to change
this type of ‘‘enemy’’ who misunderstands is to find
some way to tell him the truth. With the second
kind, who are also unknown to me personally but
who are motivated by stories they have heard about
me, I have learned through experience that though
the truth is harder to find and tell, it is worth the
effort and the conversation. An enemy who can be
conciliated hasn’t any excuse for existing.

DISREGARD

The enemy who cannot be conciliated, perhaps
can be ignored. That is, some I might know as
enemies never find out from my conduct towards
them that I even acknowledge or notice their enmity.
Ignoring the fact that someone dislikes you usually
at least keeps them from growing any ‘‘bigger.’’

IMPUTING GOOD MOTIVES

Generally, the majority of us look upon our
neighbors as imperfect and talk only about their
imperfections. How much worse are we in regards
to our enemies! However, if you can be magnan-
imous you never know how far your good example
will travel. When you practice in thought, word
and deed the habit of giving your enemy ‘‘the bene-
fit of the doubt’’ when judging both his actions and
the man himself, you add to disregard a charity
that, with few exceptions, will succeed in eventually
making your enemies your friends.

FIRMNESS

We can conciliate or disregard with charity,
without losing the method of firmness. My ex-
perience has taught me that there are those, especi-
ally those who have received a benefit from you,
irrespective of its type, who feel resentment in their
hearts inasmuch as they feel humiliation. At the
beginning it is only a resentment, but later on, for
Some reason or another, it often grows into a form
of hatred. ‘Then, every time such persons do some-
thing to injure you, the hatred grows and grows.
There just doesn’t seem to be a remedy for this kind
of enmity in further kindness, for new favors only
add fuel to the burning fire.

It takes a real man with self-discipline, to stand
up under the feeling of rankling injustice that over-
flows him when he becomes conscious of this sort
of unreasonable and degrading enmity. Without
stooping to hate in return, he must make the un-
reasonable enemy respect his firmness and the right
of his position.

REVENGE

Whether you realize it or not, a person’s life is
nothing but a procession from birth to death. If
somebody hurts you, you cannot afford to stop and
wait for him to come to the place where you can
strike him back. If you do wait, that procession
will have passed as you were waiting and you will
be just that much behind.

Furthermore, the most important fact I find is
to be at peace with yourself at all times, especially
when confined in a place such as this. You cannot
be at peace with yourself or with anyone else if to
the ordinary worries of life you add the extraordin-
ary ones of plotting and planning to out-feud an
enemy.

Scheming to befriend a person or to win over
an enemy somehow keeps you in the procession and
at peace. Revenge and feuding is, in my mind, a
a complete loss on both counts and I can definitely
recommend against the practice as a method of
handling enemies. It not only doesn’t solve any-
thing but creates new complications.

SUMMING UP

As I look over what I have written, I am aware
that someone who existed and died long before I
was born said as much in a brief phrase as I have
taken an entire page to say. Perhaps it would be
wise to close with the simple key to eliminating
enemies and making friends: ‘‘ With malice toward
none; with charity for all.’’
