---
id: "242"
title: "Inside the Sports Scene"
author: "POLTORAK, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0022.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The
Inside SPORTS Scene

by STEPHEN POLTORAK

Sports Vignettes

In the early days of spring training, Hank the
Tank was having a rough time in the field, making a
few errors. Leading the vociferous catcalls and rasp-
berries was Knock-Knock; he kept yelling, ‘‘There’s
a hole in your glove, Hank,’’ and ‘‘There’s a hole
in your head, Hank.’’ At the end of a few innings
Hank came in muttering, ‘‘The field is full of holes.’’

Now, Knock-Knock, replacing Hank, was out in
the field and he made a couple of errors; naturally,
he got some cheers of the damp variety. Coming
in he said, ‘‘You were right, Hank, the field is full
of holes!’’

Investigating a curious grunting and groaning
noise emanating from Muscle Beach, this reporter spied
Miron Semunchik lifting weights. I inquired, ‘‘ Why
do you lift these heavy weights?’’ ‘‘I am defying
the law of gravity,’’ he replied. ‘‘Is this the right
season for weight lifting?’’ I asked. ‘‘Yes! this is
the Year of the Rooster,’’ he replied. ‘‘Tell me,’’ I
asked, ‘‘what is the most important thing that you
have learned about lifting weights?’’ ‘‘They come
down easier than they go up,’’ he said.

Harry Foster showed up on the baseball scene
and impressed everyone with his hustle and his good
ball playing, both in the field and at bat. Wonder
who started the ugly rumor that he is paying his
manager six Milky Ways a month to be allowed to
play?

Is there a movement afoot to break up the Bird-
Dogs of the Pen-Cell League? Here’s a team that
has won nine and lost none with the three leading
home-run leaders; Fricker with nine, Hollowell with 5
and Morrison with six. If this continues, the Com-
missioner should demand a saliva test.

In the Cuban League a suspended game between
the Bears and Falcons was won by the Falcons. Doe
gave the Birds the incentive to win by laying down
a perfect bunt and beating it out for a home run.

Final Score: Falcons 11, Bears 10.

At Muscle Beach

With the arrival of good weather the barbells
are getting a big play. There has been no official
contest to eliminate or nominate the champs of
various divisions, but, unofficially, this is how they
look:

Felix Capone, weight 169, and the recognized
middleweight champ. He presses 190 lbs., cleans
and jerks 230 and can snatch 165 lbs.

Frog, weighing 175 lbs., can press 190 Ibs.,
clean 205 and snatch 145 Ibs., and challenges Reds
Jordan, weight. 174 lbs., who presses 190, cleans and
jerks 225 and snatches 130, for the light heavy-
weight crown.

Billy Holmes, weighing 185 lbs., is a top man
amongst the middle heavyweights with a lusty
press of 210, a clean and jerk of 250 and a snatch
of 180 lbs.

Willy, at 183 lbs., is a close runner-up. Will
can come up with a bigger press at 230, but falls
short in the clean and jerk at 230 Ibs., and the
snatch at 170.

Brick-house, at 215 lbs., is heavyweight with-
out peer or challenger with a press of 215, clean and
jerk of 250, and a snatch of 200, for a combined lift
of 640 lbs.

The Amazing C

Excerpts from a letter from Lewis H. Slaw, Jr. to
the Sports Editor. :

Many years ago I wrote for the Red Triangle,
a small publication of the Germantown YMCA, and
one day going over the letters of the alphabet I
discovered something to me which took on startling
proportions. I found out that the letter C would
pick out more ball players than any other letter in’
the alphabet. See if I am not correct when I give
you the list herein, and see if you or the boys in
your institution who are sports inclined can pick
any letter comparable with the astounding C.

I studied for years, but I still can’t come even
close.

Caesar (politics) Croesus (money) Charlemagne
(power) Churchill (brains) all men of the letter C.
So, let us see what we have!

CATCHERS: Cochrane, Nig Clark, Lew Criger,
Bill Carrigan, Walker Cooper, Clements, Forrest
Cady, Carrish and Campanella.

PITCHERS: Clarkson, Coombs, Chesbro, Cicotte,
Chandler, Mort Cooper, Stanley and Harry Covel-
eski, Wilber Cooper, Crowder, Cuppy, Crandall,
Coakley, Joe Corbett, Caldwell, Cummings, Chal-
mers, Hugh Casey, Sam Crane.

FIRST BASE: JHal Chase, Comiskey, Camilli,
Chance, and Roger Conner.

SECOND BASE: Eddie Collins, Cutshaw, Chiles,
Childs, Hugh Critz.

SHORTSHOP: Joe Cronin, Ray Chapman, Frank
Crosetti, Monte Cross.

THIRD BASE: Jimmy Collins, Red Corriden, Wid
Conroy, Lave Cross, Coughlin, Billy Cox, Ed Court-
ney, Ben Chapman, Cuchinello.

OUTFIELD: Ty Cobb, Crawford, Fred Clark, Otis
Clymer, Hazen Cuyler, Ben Chapman, Sam Chap-
man, Vince Campbell, Cravath, Carey, Birdie Cree,
Cothbert, Caruthers, Congalton, Compton, Callahan,
Doe Cramer, Crane, Bill Clymer, Crooks, Cashiel,
Chapelle, Carlisle, Calvo, Connoly, Clay, Cather,
Castle, Carroll, Corkhill, Clingham, Fred Collins,
Case, Cassidy, Cote, Chooh, Earl Cooms, Criss.

And look!

Henry Chadwick was the father of baseball,
Alexander Cartwright designed the first baseball
diamond—Two Old Cat was the first style of the
game. Cincinnati was the first pro club and the
first paid players. Candy Cummings was the first
curve ball pitcher, William Caldwell printed the
first article on baseball, the first umpire was J. A.
Cross, and the first player to be expelled from base-
ball was a shortstop named Craven. Henry Cote of
Grand Rapids in the Interstate League still holds the
record for the greatest number of games caught in
a scheduled season. Charley Comiskey was the first
baseman who created the style to play off the bag.
“Casey at the Bat’’ was the first poem on baseball,
and last but not least, Cooperstown, N. Y. is the
Shrine of baseball.

Now Steve, suppose you had a team of Cochrane
and Nig Clarke as catchers, Clarkson, Cicotte,
Coombs, Camnitz and Stanley Coveleski as pitchers,
an infield comprising Hal Chase, Eddie Collins, Joe
Cronin and Jimmie Collins, and the outfield with Ty
Cobb, Sam Crawford and Fred Clarke patrolling
the gardens, with Dode Criss as a pinchhitter, for
why I don’t know, for the Lord knows this club
would never need a pinch-hitter.

Also relief pitchers Hugh Casey and Otis
Crandall.

Manager, who better than the peerless leader
Frank Chance, and the club to be captained by one
of the greatest field leaders that ever lived—Fred
Clarke.

And the umpire of course would be Tommy
Connoly.

So Steve you can go over the rest, and I wager
you could pick three teams that could lick the
Yankees every day in the week, for weeks and
weeks on End. I believe a lot of the boys would
have plenty of fun, also friendly arguments picking
favorites from this list herein, also trying to figure
a letter which would equal the caliber of players
equivalent to the letter C.
