---
id: "243"
title: "Softball"
author: "MYERS, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0023.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Around The Circuit
SOFTBALL
with Henry Myers

PEN-CELL LEAGUE

Joseph ‘‘Knock-Knock’’ Jowett, Commissioner

BIRD-DOGS, Louis “‘Scratch’’ Straccioni, Manager

This is the club to beat, or to be more realistic,
try to finish second to. Having remained un-
defeated through nine straight games, there is no
indication that the Bird-Dogs won’t maintain a
reasonably good standard of performance through-
out the season. Harry Fricker has nine home runs,
Jimmy Morrison, six, and Billy Hollowell, five.
Each can knock the wall down, or the ball over it on
any given afternoon. Front line pitching the best
in the league with an added surprise in Paul Neal
who has a 3-0 record to date. Neal is not as stingy
with base hits as Heinemann, but can be depended
upon to get the ball in there and let the opposition
hit it to the near perfect defense his team has shown
so far. The leading hitter, Billy Hollowell, has a
.600 average while leading pitcher, Bobby Heine-
mann, sports a 6-0 record.

Prospects: Will be the 1957 Champs.

RELIABLE A.C., John ‘‘Obie’’ O’Brien, Manager

Can Obie find first-flight pitching in Irish, Stew,
or Ski? As of this date the pitching for Relhable
has been un-reliable. How much will the loss of
Whalen’s. big bat be felt? Boots is the team stand-
out, at the catching spot he has plenty of hustle,
but can the team get along without secondary
catching? These are the questions that autumn will
answer. ‘Team lacks defense in spots and over-all
power in the batting order. Obie is the leading
hitter with a 400 average. Trish, the leading pitcher
with a 3-2 record may yet come up with a good
season if he turns a deaf ear to the plaudits of the
sidelines. Stew can be depended upon to put the
ball over the plate and hope that his defense can
handle their job. Big Joe could turn out to be the
big gun at the plate. As of this date, Reliable is in
second place with a 5-4 record.

Prospects: The number one challenger at this
writing.

THUNDERBIRDS, Harry Zietz, Manager

The acquisition of Kalvidis for mound duties
and a snappier looking infield has been a shot in the
arm for this club. It will threaten Reliable for
second place and maybe chase after the Bird-Dogs
through the season. Despite a poor start the in-
jection of new talent in Saby, Reds Lehman and
Boeche will help. This is a hungry club and on the
move. They have more than a reasonable amount
of power to come up with a big inning in any part
of the batting order. Louis Telese will take part in
the mound chores and with help will be a winning
pitcher. Tony leads the Thunderbirds with a .478
average and Kalvidis has won two and lost none
while hurling for the ’birds. The Thunderbirds are
holding down third place with a 3-6 record.

Prospects: Maybe second—sure of third.

TANKERS, John Henry, Manager

Good hitting, no pitching, and poor fielding
seem to be the swan song of the Tankers. Al
Miller, Earl Brogan, John Long and John Henry
all swing a big bat and produce the big hit. But
how big a hit can a team need? The team needs
pitching, fielding and speed or it will dig itself
a permanent spot in the cellar. Billy Essen looks
vood at lead-off and figures to stick. In the cellar
with a 1-8 record, the Tankers have as their leading
hitter, Al Miller, who shows a .600 average, and he
also is their best pitcher with a 1-3 log.

Prospects: Cellar bound.

STOREHOUSE LEAGUE

PHILLIES, Mike Snow, Manager
Leading Hitter: X-Ray Bill, .615. Leading Pitch-
er: Lucky, 4—l. Team Won 5, Lost 1. The Phils
with Lucky on the mound lead the League and with
any kind of hitting will be hard to stop. Mike, the
Manager, will take some of the load off the pitchers.
Mike can toss the leather as evidence of the one
hitter he threw at the Lynx. The big bat, of course,
is X-Ray Bill with a .615 average. For my money,
this team will be the Champs. Get Well notice to
Frank in the hospital, from the squad. Frank left
with a neat .428 average.

HORNETS, Ricco, Manager
Leading Hitter: Ricco, .265. Team Won 4, Lost 2.
Leading Pitcher, Elmer. Ricco’s real headache is
getting his players to play and listen to him. Ricco
hits as hard as he runs, but he needs more support
to overtake the Phils. Hornets need pitching. EI-
mer is doing a good job but the gopher ball hurts
him and the Club. Team should finish second.

LYNX, Dick Hoffman, Manager
Leading Hitter: Roberts, 450. Team Won 2, Lost
4, Leading Pitcher: Reverend, 2—0. To date the
Lynx have two pitchers. The Reverend from the
Dispensary with a fair fast ball and Bill from the
Front Gate. These pitchers may take the team up-
ward, but will need plenty of help at the plate and
on the field. Reverend says they will definitely
win the pennant. My choice: Third place.
ROCKETS, Doggie, Manager

Leading Hitter: Taylor, .450. Team Won 1, Lost
5. Leading Pitcher: Doggie 1—5. The Rockets
are playing it cool right now in the cellar. Doggie
needs some players. He has fast runners but how
to get them on base is the problem. Doggie is the
mainstay of the team, but cannot do it himself.
Without new talent the Rockets will finish last.

CUBAN LEAGUE
DODGERS, J. W., Manager

Leading Hitter: Joe .462. Team Won 4, Lost 1,
Leading Pitcher: Runt Jordan, 4—1. J.W.’s Bums,
Runt Jordan on the mound, in their first two-game
series made George Cohen’s Bears, King No No on
the mound, look like a litter of clawless cubs. Off
to a good start the Dodgers could be mighty hard to
catch. This is the team to beat. Wheeler hitting
.455 and Stoop, .455, make them contenders.

FALCONS, G.I. Joe, Manager

Leading Hitter: White, .750. Team Won 2, Lost 3.
Leading Pitcher: Silent Selby, 2—1. Of course, it
remains to be seen just who is the best club this
early in the season, but I figure the mighty power of
the Birds behind the pitching of Selby and G.I. Joe
could give the club at least a second place berth.
Curley seems to have found the range with four
homers, so far.

BEARS, George Cohen, Manager
Leading Hitter: Snooks, .500. Team Won 2, Lost
3. Leading Pitcher: Big Joe, 1—l. This is really
a tough league to try to pick who-will-end-where.
The Bears have top hitting in Snooks, .500 and Payne
.462. Also, No No and Big Joe can and will come
up with a better average than presently indicated.
Club should be in contention all the way.

RAMS, Jasper Johnson, Manager
Leading Hitter: Big Mac, .1000. Team Won 2,
Lost 3; Weadine Pitchers Kueh Dave, 2-2 Ae
though this team is posted last it is no indication
that they will end up there. This Club can go all
the way. With Big Mac getting off to a 3 for 3
start, with Croxton hitting .600 and Dave .545, and
with Dave whipping in those fast balls, this ean be
a tough club to beat.

Thanks for a big assist from G.I. Joe on the League
coverage.
