---
id: "244"
title: "Words Without Sound From the Unheard Broadcast"
author: "POLTORAK, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Words Without Sound
From The
Unheard
Broadcast

by STEPHEN POLTORAK

ANNOUNCER: It’s baseball time again. The
Phillies—Pittsburgh contest will be brought to you
through the courtesy of WAISTEEKAKEH, the cake
that stopped Mother from baking—she started
mountain climbing . . . . . FILLY, the cigar that
smoulders evilly...... and Ballanfine Ale, the only
brew with the head on the bottom. Now, for play
by play, we turn you over to our sportscaster :

GIN KELLY: Hello everybody! The game is
ready to get underway. Robin Roberts is on the
mound for the Phils and Dick Groat steps up to
bat for the Bueecos. Here’s the wind-up and the
pitch. Say! THAT was a good one . . . . Mayo
Smith is using a chinese back-scratcher to position
his fielders and give signals..... Clemente steps up
to bat; he is holding the fat part of the bat in his
hands and Robbie is throwing aspirins..... They
say a gopher lives under the pitcher’s mound and
every once in a while he sticks his head out and
bites Roberts on the ankle causing him to throw
the gopher ball .... Up to bat now is Lee Walls.
Robin bends in a curve that is so good the Umpire
calls it two strikes. As the inning ends the score
is something or other; we turn you over to our
announcer.

ANNOUNCER: One day an Arab Philly fan was
soaking his burnoose in the Nile River, when a
partially digested mackerel fell out of a date tree
and hit him on the brow; suddenly he was inspired,
into his mind popped the recipe for Waisteekake.
He was so overcome he jumped up and bit his trusty
eamel, who took off across the burning sands. He
had to sing ‘‘You’re Nothing but a Hound Dog”’
three times before the camel would come back.
This incident put the mysterious smile on the Sphinx.
Try our Waistee Cow-fruit Pie—the pie the cowboys
eat on the range. Now, back to play by play.

BARKING SAAM: Bob Friend is ready to pitch,
and stepping up to the plate for the Phillies is
Richie Ashburn. Strike one, breaking ball on the
outside corner .... What awind-up! He looks like
he is fighting off a swarm of bees and holding his
nose at the same time—maybe he’s a swarmi.....
A flying saucer is floating overhead, the occupants
are obviously Philly fans. Everytime the Phils
make a good play the saucer lets off joyous little
sputts of green steam ..... Striding up to the
plate swinging a banana stalk is Rip Ripulski; he
swings and hits a long drive for a home run, but
Virdon catches the ball, ending the inning. We
turn you over to our announcer.

ANNOUNCER: Smoke Filly, the cigar with the
smouldering burp in the middle. The bands were
originally put on cigars so that the girls would not
eet nicotine on their pinkies, but we put bands on
to hold the ‘‘rope’’ together. Visit the modern
sanitary Filly factory. What a sight it is to see
our forty ancient crones, all chewing snuff, sitting
cross-legged, rolling Filly cigars. Be brave, light
up a Willy cigar—they are grounds enough for a
divorce. Now, back to play by play.

GIN KELLY: Frank Thomas is in the batter’s
box, he swings at the first pitch and hits a long
drive to center; everybody goes back! back! back!
5 . Incidently there is no truth to the rumor
that the Phillies have a diabolical diamond shrinker-
stretcher that will surreptitiously make the dis-
tance between the bases shorter when the Phillies
are batting and longer when the opposition is at
bat ... back! back! back! ..... Bobby Bragon is on
the sidelines wearing baseball mitts on his feet,
probably keeping his brains warm... . back! back!
It’s caught! Robin Roberts catches that long
drive .... Put another leg on the fire, Mabel, it will
be a long game today ..... Curt Simmons is in the
Bull Pen warming-up—he’s chasing the bull......
Up to bat steps Dale Long smoking a Filly Cigar
and swinging a big bat. Here comes the piteh;
Lone swings, and hits the cigar into right field,
ending the game.

POLTORAK SEZ:

In the 1957 World Series, the opposing teams will be:
BOSTON RED-SOX vs. MILWAUKEE BRAVES
