---
id: "245"
title: "The Voice of Criminology"
author: "POLTORAK, Steve"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Discussion of Ways and Means

The
Voice
of
Criminology

by STEPHEN POLTORAK

On Monday, January 28, 1957, Professor Negley
K. Teeters, Criminologist, sat behind closed doors
with a group of inmates who comprise the staff of
the EASTERN ECHO. The main purpose of the
meeting was to discuss ways and means of lessening
the adverse publicity given to prisoners and ex-
convicts by some member papers of the free press.

Sensing a slightly strained atmosphere, due per-
haps to the unusual and unprecedented nature of
the meeting, Dr. Teeters took the verbal initiative.
His evident sincerity, friendliness, and just-right
inflections and asides soon dispelled the air of con-
straint and kicked off a sizzling discussion that
lasted about three hours.

PRIME TARGET SEEN

ECHO had dedicated itself to improving pris-
oner-publie relations. Its staff knew, as do all the
inmates here, that an ‘‘unfavorable press’’ hampered
any movement to create a more realistic and fair
picture of the prisoner in the mind of the public.
What to do about the situation, however, waited
upon the suggestion of the professor.

TARGET’S TARGET EXPLAINED

Clarifying present editorial and public atti-
tudes, he pointed out: a man could be arrested with-
out too great a stigma being placed upon him.
Even convicted and sent to a penitentiary, the
stigma was not too pronounced. Usually, only a
man’s immediate family and neighborhood were
concerned. But once released, or about to be re-
leased from prison as an ‘‘ex-convict,’’ the full bur-
den is upon him.

"It’s not the criminal who frightens us. It’s
the ex-convict, and so the man trying to become an
EX-convict. Apparently, it is the time spent in
prison that creates our uneasiness. What Harry
Barnes calls the ‘convict bogey’, the professor ex-
plained. Why this fear of the ex-con? ‘‘What
else! The abnormal atmosphere of the prison neg-
ates all the human attributes of a man. Prison is
the reverse of the outside situation. You see, we
really do know what happens to a man who under-
goes confinement. That knowledge is often ex-
pressed in society’s reaction to his return.’’

DIRECT CONTACT URGED

After discussion of this and other problems basic
to the situation, Dr. Teeters recommended direct
contact with the local newspapers. It was agreed
that the Editor of this magazine would write to the
three leading newspapers in this area, requesting an
interview for ECHO staff with their representatives.
It was further agreed that the only possible ap-

We are, after all, only people ... with problems.

proach to gaining a more ‘“‘favorable press’’ was to
explain ECHO aims and request cooperation of the
newspapers in presenting and furthering them.
Also to be asked, specifically, was that they separate
the individual from the labels ‘‘con’’ and ‘‘ex-con’’
in their reporting, on the theory that the public
could only gain a true picture of prisoners by seeing
them as they exist, individually. Which, naturally,
must result in the recognition that they are, after
all, only people ... with problems.

OTHER HIGHLIGHTS

Changing the conversation, Dr. Teeters observed
that present penal systems were as old-fashioned
Model T Fords fitted out with some new and modern
parts, but the new parts are not enough. Exploding
a current myth, he disclosed that the institution
with fine athletic facilities, good library, clean mod-
ern appointments, with the accent on Instructors
and the teaching of trades ... still may be a failure.
Dr. Teeters believes that the sports, libraries and
trades are all good things, but that they can be
overdone. Good in their own way, they can become
mere ‘time-killers,’ pleasant ways of doing time,
but the personal, individual problem of each inmate
can be forgotten. Surprising as it may be, most
trades learned in prisons are not used by the prison-
ers once they are released. A possible solution, the
professor said, would be to de-emphasize the Instruc-
tors of trades somewhat and put the money and time
into experienced Case Workers. It seems that most
modern Psychologists, Penologists, etce., believe that
at some time during his incarceration an inmate
reaches his highest potential for rehabilitation, and
that if released at this time he would be the best risk
to himself and to society at large. If this ‘‘time’’
passes, without his being released, the prisoner slowly
deteriorates and becomes a menace to himself and to
society. Teeters contended that a trained Case
Worker is best suited to help the man reach that
high peak of awareness as to the cause of his being
in prison, and to weigh the wispy intangibles and
determine that ‘‘time’’ of highest return.

A Staff member asked the Professor what an
inmate could do to help himself while in prison.
"Think! Think! Think!" was the reply. "And 
then think some more. Ultimately, you must solve
your own problem ... from within. It is difficult
to think, and easy to alibi, but you must see past the
alibi, identify your problem, and solve it. Treat-
ment staff and facilities are here to serve you...
but you must see the need and you must have the
drive to help yourself and to be helped!”

Asked about the possibility of other meetings
of this type, Dr. Teeters offered to try to arrange
meetings between student criminologists and varied
groups of inmates. He feels that everyone would
profit. The professor said he would also try to set
up debates between university and inmate teams on
points of mutual interest... but first he would try
to arrange to have some debating experts help es-
tablish debating teams here. He would also look
into the possibilities of a class in journalism.

Speaking about the institution, Dr. Teeters com-
mented on the ‘‘relaxed’’ atmosphere. Of all the
maximum security prisons visited by him, this one
appeared to be the most relaxed. He stated that
the appointment of a Commissioner of Correction
and the creation within this institution of the East-
ern Diagnostic Classification Center, with the mod-
ern regime here, were big steps forward. Hvincing
his interest in the historical aspects of this prison, he
said that he has been coming here for about 27 years
and that this was the first time he was allowed to
talk to the inmates themselves. Thus this meeting
was a minute of history on the historical clock of
the institution. Seen against the backdrop of the
old regime... it would not have happened.

Perhaps the writer was unduly impressed by
the eye-opening meeting, but after years of seeing
the prisoners treated as political pawns, no-caste
citizens, and the targets of anyone with the need of
an unanswering target, it was refreshing indeed to
talk with someone from free society who could see
the prisoner’s side as well as the public’s. The
oddly—illuminating ideas of the famed eriminolo-
gist, his faculty of seeing beyond the usual, and his
advanced theories backed up with logic and vision,
were like a fresh breeze lifting a veil on the old
theories that have failed.
