---
id: "247"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "HEINEMANN, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness Is Just A Dog Called

by ROBERT D. HEINEMANN

Snoopy Meets the Press

The afternoon of February 26th, 1957, Snoopy
donned his ‘‘Press Hat’’ and trench coat and togeth-
er with the members of the ECHO staff met the
representatives of the EVENING BULLETIN, DAI-
LY NEWS and PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER.
Messrs. Morley Cassidy, John Frasca and Joseph
Tractman, in order of papers listed, were on hand.
Snoopy insisted upon taking the notes on the meet-
ing but now, of course, can’t read his own shortpaw.
Fortunately, because of the kind cooperation of the
newsmen and the excellence of their reports and
articles which appeared in their respective papers,
there is little need to recapitulate the facts and
events of the meeting. Elsewhere in this issue (The
Voice of Criminology) is an explanation of some of
the reasoning behind this, the first non-censored
press interview of inmates in Eastern’s history. It is
sufficient to say here that results of this experimental
conference were encouraginely beneficial, and that
there were numerous favorable inquiries and com-
ments. The overwhelming interest and participa-
tion of both inmates and outsiders alike, in the
affairs of this magazine since this meeting, leads us
to believe that we are on the right track in our aims
and policies. True enough, there were some alarm
reactions that such a meeting was allowed to take
place. But these were few, and as Snoopy pointed
out, ‘‘Say, now. We can’t expect to please every-
body. Let’s just be thankful for the friends we
have made.”

Snoopy Gets a Degree 

Recently, Snoopy learned that Rev. J. DeCosta
Harewood was to be specially honored with a degree
by the Philadelphia Divinity School. Fr. Harewood
formerly held Episcopal Services regularly for the
men here, and served under a succession of six War-
dens: McKenty, Groome, Smith, Burke, Tees and
Martin. That represents a span of something like
40 years! During this period, the good Father also
prepared 100 inmates for confirmation and faithfully
served those awaiting execution at both Moyamen-
sing and Bellefonte.

Perhaps Fr. Harewood’s outstanding single
achievement was his rescue of a young woman con-
victed of Murder and sentenced to twenty-five years
imprisonment. Of course, this was a quarter century
ago, at which time women were housed at Eastern.
Funds were solicited in her behalf to pay for legal
representation and, through Fr. Harewood’s efforts,
a pardon was granted.

Ballads, Anyone?

The ballad, ‘‘Down and Out,’’ which appeared
in the EASTERN ECHO Spring Issue carried the
eredit line of Hildridge S. Thompson as author. As
anyone knows,—that is, except the red-faced Editor
... this was not an original piece of work, and al-
though we have not yet been able to track down the
actual source and version, Hildridge assures us that
(1) he did NOT write and 2) it is a party
piece from way back which he could not fully or
accurately remember but which he submitted in the
hopes it would provide entertainment to others. It
seems that his name on the manuscript was intended
as a submitted through, not submitted by. The non-
plussed Editor is out boning up on his poetry, and
was last heard mumbling to himself, ‘‘Snoopy says I
shoulda known better. Nobody loves me, not even
my psychologist. Rats!’

Thanx go out to FORUM, the fine Lincoln, Ne-
braska penal publication, for the kindly manner in
which they ealled attention to this error.

Dot Scheer Likes Snoopy

Recently, Snoopy was seen brushing his hair,
polishing his toe nails and gently massaging that
canine glow into his ears. Disdaining to answer
the wondering questions of friends, he trotted buoy-
antly down front and was seen to disappear into an
office in which a lady admirer of his was waiting.
Interviewed after the visit, Snoopy grudgingly gave
out the news, ‘‘Don’t be askin’ me ‘Who’s ‘at,’
‘Who’s ’at?’ Who else could it have been but Mrs.
Dorothy W. Scheer.’’ Softening up a bit, Snoopy
mused, ‘‘ You know, it was nice of her. She has been
supplying ECHO with a treasure of clippings, U.N.
literature and ideas for public relations. Now she
came in to find out further ways in which she could
be of help.”’

Actually, Snoopy, here’s something you don’t
know. ‘‘Dot’’ has been responsible for at least fif-
teen to eighteen subscriptions to ECHO, and has
purchased thirty single copies of the Spring Issue!
Isn’t that friendly. What is more, those ‘‘ideas’’
you mentioned are concrete and knowing suggestions
for creating more outside friends of ECHO. And
for getting the prisoner-viewpoints across to people
who may be in positions to really help.

Introducing...

Beginning in the Fall Issue, ECHO would like
to run some of newly discovered Humor Man Nor-
man Hilliker’s material. An example:

‘‘Every once in a while you read in the paper
about the arrest of someone charged with being a
spy. What I want to know is why all the fuss about
it? The spy is engaged in what is probably the old-
est illegal occupation known to man, give or take a
little larceny. I imagine that since the time when
there were only three people in the world it is prob-.
able one of them asked another to spy on the third. 

“Certainly every government has spies in every
other country, and every other country knows about
them. It is merely a form of international courtesy,
like exchange students. So long as the spies don’t
actually block traffic or blow up the newer buildings,
they should be allowed to snap their cameras and
rattle their blueprints to their hearts’ content.
Everybody has to make a living.’’

Snoopy’s Fan Club

Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Elias, that suave young man
with the reputation for knowing what he is talking
about, when he isn’t busy plastering everything that
doesn’t actually walk or roll, has been doing wide
research into that Book of Books, the Bible. Says
he, ‘‘It’s in the Book. Though dwarfed by any of
our present-day skyscrapers, Solomon‘s Temple was
a seven year project that would have exhausted
any labor union’s stone and wood cutters: 80,000
of them were employed, not to mention 70,000 burden
carriers and 8,600 overseers ... or a total of 153,600
workers. ’’

Joseph Hirn stuck his head in the ECHO office
a month or two ago and acquainted Fiction Editor
Shadd with an interesting piece of business. Shadd,
in turn, dashed over to Snoopy and blurted out the
news. Snoopy’s right ear rose gently and performed
a delicate circle in midair. Before long, the printers
were hustling type into place: ‘‘Joseph Hirn has
transferred from the Dispensary to a position in the
Laboratory!’? Hmmmm!

From Angelo Niccolis comes the most interest-
ing quote of the quarter: ‘‘Jail doesn’t look like
jailto me. It strikes me more like a college, because
of the education facilities. I am going to take ad-
vantage of all the opportunities offered me.’’ Throw
Angelo from the train. .. a kiss, a diploma, anything,
‘cause if there ever was an enthusiastic student, this
fellow is it! Keep up the excellent progress, Angelo.

Immediately after Snoopy poked good-natured
fun at ‘‘Whitey’’ Fran Raimer’s hometown paper,
THE NORTH DAYTON TRANSCRIPT, two things
happened. First off, it was brought to light that the
paper is really THE NORTH ADAMS TRANS-
SCRIPT. Then... this fine newspaper picked up
the AP story on ECHO meeting the press. Now,
Snoopy, you apologize to those nice people lost in
the Ozark Mountains somewhere!

Earl Brogan reveals that the present crew in
the Dispensary and Operating Room is doing a
splendid job. Says he, ‘‘Considering the usual ten-
sion associated with responsible work of this nature,
and the short period of time several of the men have
been assigned to O.R., I feel that these inmates with
a little more coaching from Doctor Goracci will be-
come the finest in our hospital’s recent history . . .
from the standpoints of team work, interest and ap-
plication.’’ As a postseript, Earl adds, ‘‘And I’m
happy to be a member of this team.’’ Note: other
members of the O.R. staff include Charles Taylor,
Tead Nurse; Walter Gala, Scrub Nurse; Harold Fos-
ser, Dispensary and Scrub Nurse; Arlan Grover
Schaedler, Floor Nurse. Earl, of course, is Sterilizer.
