---
id: "248"
title: "Liddle Rad and De Volf"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
LIDDLE RAD AND DE VOLF
From: Moisha Pipnick's Album of Familiar Fables

by Francis A. Murphy

In a werry small willage, wot is lyink in a
romantical walley, is livink Liddle Rad Riddink
Hoot.

I am telling on her a story wot all liddle kitties
are believeink to be the trut. (The trut means you
shouldn’t tell on hanybody a lie.) Believeink me,
Moisha Pipnick, wot heppens shouldn’t heppen to a
beeg dok. (A dok is wot is chessink a ket.)

The whole tink wid the story is a beeg lie. So
leesten, but you shouldn’t believeink it. Denk you.

Liddle Rad Riddink Hoot vas valkink troo de
voods, (Voods iss trees with plenty bushes comink
all around), on her way to see the Grandmudder,
who was seek like anythink from a chill, from drink-
ink from demp visky glesses.

Liddle Rad had a besket field hup with gooties.
(A besket field hup with gooties is: a shoppink beg
field hup with kendy, kakes, end kookies, you see
dot?)

So Liddle Rad vas valkink, sinkink a late
numbah from Moisha Pipnick’s Album of ‘‘Sonks
Mine Mudder is Teachink Me.’’ All of a sodden like
a flesh, comes a beeg Volf from the voods. (Voods
is... you know, already?)

‘‘Heh, heh,’’ he said leffink, ‘‘Go no foither,
Rad, I am vantink to talk on you for a spleet
sacont.”

"So talk already,’’ said Liddle Rad, ‘‘I’ll listen
with mine good ear, but snap it hup, honyah.’’

“You are goink to see the Grandmudder?”’ said
the Volf.

“You are cookink on the front boiner, Volfie,
DO, 2 cal wade Your want maybe lo make a
Federal Case from dis?”’

“Not werry likely,’’ said the Volf, ‘‘I am just
eskink, mine dollink, (you see dot? He’s a volf, so
he ects like a volf, wot else?) ‘‘What’s holdink by
you in the besket, Rad?’’

“Gooties for mine Grandmudder,” said Rad.

(Gooties iss a beg loaded from de top with tinks
like I sad.)

So, qveeck like a flesh the volf runs avay fast
like anytink .. Eats hup the Grandmudder, jumps
in the Grandmudder’s bad (The Grandmudders bad
is wot Grandmudder goes to slip in) picks his teet
and... vaits for ... Liddle Rad.

‘‘Heh, heh,’’ says the Volf, ‘‘I am likeink Rad
better than crim cheese and blintzes.’’

So Liddle Rad Riddink Hoot comes hup the
stairs in Grandmudder’s house (B.R.T.H.—Before
Ranch Type Homes.)

‘‘Allo dare,’’ said the Volf, ‘‘Is dot you, Liddle
Rad?”

“You haint just a-whistlink Dixie, Grandmud-
der,’’ said Rad. ‘‘Hit’s me, loaded for bear with
motza balls and blintzes.’’

‘‘Oui, geevelt!’’ said Rad, ‘‘ Vot heppened liddle
Grandmudder? Your woice is werry deep, and your
eyes are big like couple friet heggs.’’

"Heh, heh,’’ said the Volf, ‘‘ Better I should look
on you.”’

"Yi, yi, yi," said Rad. "Ven you hopen de
mout, the teet is lookink like a herrink wot is
leffink.”

"ls dot so, said the Volf, "The teet is better to
heat you hup.’’

So de Volf is leepink from the bad and is
gettink a heff nelson on Liddle Rad’s foot.

‘‘Geev hup,’’ said the Volf, ‘‘or I am breakink it
hoff at the hankel.”

“Brak hit hoff," said Rad, "I am not givink
hup the sheep.’’ (The sheep is wot is salink on de
hocean, like the Heel de Frense.)

But Liddle Rad stopped all of a sodden queeck,
took a sniff from the air, and said, ‘‘Give lt! A volf!
You are a goner, goniff,’’ she said. ‘‘Commink hout
wid the hends hup, Mr. Volfie, smartie pents.”

‘‘Merey, mine sveet Liddle Rad,’’ said the Volf,
‘‘T’m lovink you like a dok, already.’’

But Liddle Rad is pullink a rewollower (a
peestil) from the besket field with gooties, (a besket
field with gooties is: a peckage fillink hup with
svit stuff, also froots, horanges, hepples, and Yiddish
ice crim (Ice Crim Cohen). Oui, gevelt!! ! !

Liddle Rad said, ‘‘Mish, mosh, Mr. Volfie, you
couldn’t make like mine Grandmudder anymore than
Flet Foots Floogie looks like Meekie Mice.’’

With that she shot him dead like a teef in the
night, (a teef is wot is stealink waluables from the
peepil.)

MORAL: It takes a hep Wolf to make any time
with the Little Red Riding Hoods
today.
