---
id: "25"
title: "Con-Fab"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CON-FAB
by L.J. BIANCONE

Echoes From The Echo

In the Summer issue of the ECHO, I under-
took to write an article re: the new Chairman of
the Pennsylvania Board of Parole, who succeeded
Major Hill. In this article, I endeavored to depict
the humanitarian traits of Paul J. Gernert, the new
parole head, and in so doing, I dug into the re-
sources of my own unbiased years of observation,
actual contact and experience with this man, which
covered more than a decade. I enjoyed his food,
rode his horses, enjoyed and abused many priv-
ileges; cussed and discussed him. I have no re-
tractions to make. Basically, he was, as I knew
him, a just and honest man—even though I dis-
agreed with some of his principles at times; and
in no uncertain terms I would let him know it,
and by gosh! he actually appreciated it. In one
specific instance, Mr. Gernert prosecuted me for
Prison Breach and, when the case came before the
Court, he asked the sentencing judge to let me
down as lightly as possible because he felt the 60
days in solitary confinement squared things away
and all he wanted from the Court was something
in the way of a ‘‘deterrent’’ for future candidates.
Shortly thereafter, he assigned me to work on the
prison farm and dared me to ‘‘take off’’. I was
chicken!

Gratitude

The inmates of ESP hereby wish to express
their appreciation to Lt. Col. Mingle, Deputy
Warden, for arranging an early mess to facilitate
viewing of the Annual All-Star baseball game on
TV. There was a capacity attendance with §.R.O.
In further appreciation, the inmates wish to assure
continued high regard for this privilege, which re-
quires absolutely no surveillance.

Blood Donors

Recently, due to a new policy of the institution,
it has been necessary to obtain blood from the
American Red Cross when it is needed for operative
procedures and other purposes. At least 75% of
the blood needed is now obtained from them.

On July 3, 1956, the American Red Cross visited
the institution for the purpose of obtaining blood
for their program. A total of 85 inmates volun-
teered. Of this number, 16 were rejected for one
reason or another, leaving a total of 69 pints that
were accepted. They will again visit the insti-
tution sometime in December of this year and we
hope enough inmates will volunteer as donors to
surpass the 69 pints that were donated in July.

"Something Unbelievable”

What does a man have to do to qualify for re-
lease? Make a commutation? Pepe Guida, D-5083,
Lifer, had his sentence commuted in June, 1955.
Make parole? The Board granted his parole a year
ago! As Pepe says, ‘“‘This is something un-
believable!’’

And it really is.

This little old white-haired gentleman has
served 17 years. For approximately 14 of those 17
years he has had a detainer placed against him for
deportation back to his native land, Italy. 28 times
Pepe had crossed back and forth from Italy to
America. In both countries he owned small busi-
nesses. All his passages were legal and above board.
Each entry into America was simon pure. But he
is an alien. The government wants him deported.

Because of these facts, when Pepe applied for
commutation he willingly agreed to return to Italy.
When finally granted clemency, after some half
dozen attempts, his Charter read that he was to be
released subject to completed arrangements for de-
portation. Sounds simple enough, doesn’t it?

Yet here he sits in mental anguish and confusion
as month after month passes by. He is willing to
pay his way (hell, he is willing to walk back to
Italy!); the Dept. of Immigration and the Dept.
of Justice say he must go; the Italian Ambassador
and the Philadelphia Consul agree; The Ministeri
Degli Esteri in Rome gives its approval; his sister
in Naples waits for him; he lives from day to day,
and dies a little every day.

International red tape? Where is it? How is it
obstructing what everyone wants and has approved?
How does it operate that nationally known gangsters
slip through its tangle with no trouble at all and a
little old man sits by his window in the Treatment
Office, waiting—since June 1955—to go home....
where all the authorities say he belongs.

Dope Peddlers’ License Fee: $5,000 - $15,000?

The wheels of justice, as it is presently insti-
tuted, are cumbersome and uncertain. Enough go
that many junkies and pushers, too, come back for
a second and third time, and even more. As chemi-
cals go, heroin, morphine and cocaine are so cheap
as to be almost valueless substances, like aspirin.
Yet because there are a number of men and women
in this country—between 60,000 and 600,000—for
whom the drugs are worth more than their own
bodies and everlasting souls, there is an incalcul-
able profit to be made from selling narcotics.

However, according to the recent Bill sponsored
by Senator Peter J. Camiel, and signed into law,
the pushers, if nabbed, will have to share some of
this profit; otherwise they go to jail in default.
Here’s how our new Pennsylvania drug law lines up:

Peddlers guilty of a third offense are liable to
fines of $15,000 or Life imprisonment; not both.
The new series of penalties for addicts, in contrast,
are as follows:

First offense, two years flat, and/or a $2,000
fine; second offense, ten years flat, and/or $5,000
fine; third offense, thirty years flat, and/or $7,500
fine. (Particular attention is called to the phrase
‘‘and/or’’ which denotes that both a jail sentence
and a fine may be imposed). Note there is no jail
penalty for the peddler as long as he can pay the
license fee..... beg your pardon, that should have
read ‘‘fine’’. However, it’s strictly COLD TURKEY
if you’re hooked PLUS the fine. Looks like some-
body goofed, eh?

Bill Green Leaves Sans Parole

Guard Bill Green, better known as ‘‘The
General’’, retired on July 16th, after 28 years of
service. We will all miss him as he believed all
the tales he told. He has always aspired to be a
champion. If you should see a white-haired old
gentleman running up Fairmount Drive in a Frog-
man’s suit, it will be the General training for the
Underwater Championship of the Schuylkill River.
Bill, we are in your corner. .. .Warden.

Conversation

This boy happened to have his ear close to the
wall when he overheard the following conversation
between Joe Winter, Linotypist in the Print Shop,
and our Editor:

Winter: ‘‘There have been many fellows that
have discussed the ECHO with their buddies, why
not a page for the criticism or commendation of the
ECHO?’’

Editor: ‘‘We’ve been a part of some of those
discussions and when we invited the fellows to write
it up and send it to us they demurred. For some
reason the fellows hate to take pen in hand. How-
ever, I feel that our ‘Letters to the Editors’ has
received some attention as noted in this and the
previous issue.”

Winter: ‘‘I’ve heard said that all articles are
being written for the specific purpose of praising
the present and past officials and the institution
in general.’’

Editor: ‘‘If so, I’m not aware of it. If ref-
erence is made to the three profiles (Barbour,
Gernert and in this issue, Banmiller) I can only
say that when a person, official or inmate, warrants
space in this publication he shall have it. It is
primarily an inmate publication, but who can be-
grudge space to the men mentioned above. I need
not defend our stand on those articles for the men
here who know or have known the above will, I’m
sure, add their Amen. And who’s praising? Just
the facts, bud, just the facts. At one of our staff
conferences it was decided that each issue would
contain a profile of an inmate personality. Want
to know how far we got with it? Outside of Patsy,
we have received refusals from everyone we ap-
proached. And I can hardly be accused of de-
voting each issue to the officials or institution.’’

Winter: ‘‘Why not feature an article on some
of the inmate help?’’

Editor: ‘‘That is one of the things we have in
mind as a feature but we are looking around for a
writer for that project.’’ (Any volunteers???)

Winter: ‘‘Surely, there are inmates in the
institution who have helped other inmates, why not
devote some space to them?”

Editor: ‘‘If you mean give them some pub-
leity, I doubt very much if they would appreciate
our broadcasting what to them is probably a person-
al matter.’’

Winter: ‘‘If this is going to be a paper for the
inmates and completely written and printed by the
inmates, let us give them a little consideration.”

Editor: ‘‘Joe, we weren’t aware that we were
slighting the inmates. If we are we all will stand
to be corrected. We have repeatedly requested sug-
gestions of any nature in which we may serve the
inmates more fully. In fact, yours truly was se-
verely brought up short during the compiling of
this issue when requesting certain information for
the inmates.’’

Winter: ‘“‘The law requires that a person
applying for commutation of his sentence be given
space in the newspaper of his county where he was
convicted. Is it not possible for the same to be done
here, where he is serving his sentence? I am sure
that this is of interest to all of us, if for no other
reason than it may be our friend who is applying.’’

Editor: ‘‘We are not covered by the same law.
Also, you must take into consideration that ours is
a quarterly magazine and we could not keep abreast
of the monthly applications. As for the results, let’s
face it, the grapevine is a much speedier way of
broadcasting it.’’

Welcome Tempus!

It was with great satisfaction that I read
through the initial issue of Graterford’s magazine,
TEMPUS. For a publication devoted entirely to
institution events and personalities it was excellent.
However, the Staff members of EASTERN ECHO
had hoped that we might work in conjunction with
TEMPUS Staff members in presenting to the public
some of the problems of the inmates of our insti-
tutions and give the public a ‘‘window’’ through
which they might see into our world.

I could not give individual credits here for all
your fine writers, but I must mention Red Mc-
Cullough’s (why the numbers?) fine handling of
the Tom Runyon article. Coughlin, may I pass you
a tip? Contact Chuck Wyman. This boy (boy??)
has a vast knowledge of sports in addition to being
able to write some fine articles and fiction. I’ve
read some of his stuff.
