---
id: "251"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinnemann, Robert D."
year: "1957"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "2"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1957_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
To the Editor:

Let me be the first, among the staff, to congratulate you.
I am very proud to play a small part in the success of the
publication. May I suggest that you invite the readers’
views and comments on things of mutual interest, with the
idea to reflect these views in ‘‘follow-up’’ articles?

I do not wish to saddle you or the staff with more work,
but aren’t we all devoted to the task?

Your loyal correspondent,
L. J. B.

Dear Lou:

Really nice to know you feel that way. Re: your
suggestion: while we have been following readers’ sugges-
tions for articles and subjects, we have followed a policy of
cousidering views and comments of inmate-readers when they
are submitted for publication, as well as helping those pre-
pare their manuscripts who feel ‘‘stopped for words’’.
Other opinions and comments of both inside and outside
readers are reproduced in our Mail Bag page. Of course,
if a reader requests a particular subject be covered by us
(staff writers), then it naturally receives our own slant.
O.K.?

Editor

Dear Bob:

I read ECHO (Spring Issue) with much admiration and
satisfaction, and it is wonderful from cover to cover. The
tone of the magazine is gentle, revealing, and leading to
agreement. You appear to share your thoughts without
preaching. You are not pushing your own ideas, opinions
and plans forward, but trying to reach the right solution to
your problems by a sincere appraisal of facts. ECHO will
win friends and win over opponents to friendship by its per-
suasive tone.

Dot (Mrs. Dorothy W.) Scheer

Dear Dot:

Your letter in its entirety (excerpted above) was read
to the general staff at a meeting held Sunday, March 17th.
All of us considered your words high praise, indeed.....
especially since they come from a person familiar with many
publications in Penal Press.

Editor and Staff

To the Editor:

The magazine... EASTERN ECHO ... is a first-class
piece of work. You can imagine that a newspaperman
would go over it looking for ideas he could use himself,
or others he does not like. I found several I liked, only
one I did not care for....

As a newspaperman, I liked the type and line cuts
very much, but do not care for the use of cap heads when
upper and lower case would look better. You also could get
even more variety with a font of Italic head type.

These are not criticisms, merely batting around ideas.
I like to get the same thing about the P.S. The layout is
really good and the editor is a strong writer.

Robert L. Voorhees
THE POST-STANDARD
Syracuse, New York

Dear Mr. Voorhees:
Thank you for your suggestions. I understand our
Print Shop authorities plan on purchasing fonts of modern
and varied types. We hope the use of these will further
improve our magazine, and perhaps gain greater reader
interest. Let us hear from you again, in regard to our
future issues. All criticism, particularly that coming from
professionals, is gratefully received.

Editor

Dear Editor: E

Your magazine is excellently organized, the material in-
teresting and revealing.

I agree with the editorial upon parole changes which
were suggested yet not expounded. ‘‘Big Boys Don’t Cry’’
is an explosive piece of expression. Could be used as a basic
story for a film.

Your printing setup of consecutive page continuations
is easy to read no floundering through pages.

The sum total of my impression is a regrettable ‘‘Why?’’

Sincerely,
Mrs. Mae Blatt

Dear Mrs. Blatt:

After discussing your letter with several persons, I found
that we all interpreted your question to mean, ‘‘Why are
men, who are capable of producing such a magazine, in
prison?’’? If this is your thought, I can not speak for our
staff and many contributors ... each would have his own
answer. Suffice it to say that perhaps most of us deserved
our incarceration ... then, as we were then... and that
perhaps most of us deserve to be out... now, aS we are
now. Far too many sentences are of such length as defeats
the processes of reformation and reorientation by mechani-
cally continuing long after socially desired results have
taken place. I would be interested in learning whether I
have answered, in part, the question you intended.

Editor

Dear Mr. Heinemann:

May I say at the outset that the first copy of EASTERN
ECHO (Spring Issue) has arrived and I am certainly favor-
ably impressed. I enjoyed reading it all and shall take it
with me to share with others on our Prison Service Commit-
tee which meets next week. Your editorial hits the nail on
the head, at least for me! My particular interest is this
whole matter of citizen participation.

Congratulations on the ECHO magazine: my favorites
are ‘‘Big Boys Don’t Cry’’ (I hope Francis Murphy is really
home now), the article on Thomas M. Osborne, the one on
“Progressive Parole’’, and of course ‘‘Snoopy’’.

Mrs. Walter HE. Darnell
Prison Service Committee

Dear Mrs. Darnell:

Yes, Francis Murphy is really home now with his wife
and child. According to all reports, his adjustment is even
better than his friends who believed in him expected. And

we expected the best!
Editor

Dear Steve (Sports Editor):

In the spring issue of the ECHO, your baseball predic-
tions look pretty darn good tome...

I want to congratulate your staff editor on the wonderful
job he is doing with your fine publication, and to the rest of
the staff for their interesting features in the present issue,
which by the way is the first I’ve read. And pass on to
Warden Banmiller my compliments for the wonderful co-
operation he is giving to all of you.

Lewis H. Slaw
Philadelphia

Dear Mr. Slaw:

It was a pleasure and surprise to receive your nice letter.
The pleasure and surprise both kept growing as I read
through the letter. Your astounding ‘‘ C ’’is really astound-
ing and at first glance seems unbeatable. After all, C stands
for Champion and it seems only fitting that most ballplayers’
last names start with C.

Speaking for myself, the Editor and Staff, I wish to
thank you for the nice letter and the interest you have shown
in our publication.

Steve Poltorak, Sports Editor
