---
id: "256"
title: "Contents"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo
Vol. 3   Fall of 58   No. 3

Joseph J. Cuff, Editor
James Morrison, Managing Editor 
Henry Myers, Associate Editor
Frank H. Terres, Feature Editor
Joseph MecNeair, Sports Editor 
William Conrey, Asst. Sports Editor
Jesse Burch, Poetry Editor
James ‘‘Mike’’ Smith, Circulation Manager 
Ralph Teitjen, Exchange Editor
Grant Stewart, Secretary
Walter Stepper and John Greco, Photographers

Staff Writers: Robert F. Cullen, Nicholas B. Harper, Theodore J. Dennis, Joe Brown and
Thomas Williams.

CONTENTS

ARTICLES    THE MINORITY WALK A
               LONELY STREET                  James "Mike" Smith   4
            A LAWYER’S RESPONSIBILITY TO
               THE OFFENDER                 William J. Banmiller  10
            ANALYSIS ...CRIME AND PUNISHMENT      Joseph J. Cuff  14
            WHAT ARE WE HERE FOR?               Binford H. Smith  16
            EMPLOYER NEEDED                      Frank H. Terres  18
            LOOKING TOWARD THE SUPERINTENDENT’S
               DESK AND CAGE TWO                 Glenn Sleighter  29
  
FEATURES    FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT’S DESK  William J. Banmiller   2
            CAGE TWO                              Joseph J. Cuff   3
            PROFILE                                  Henry Myers   3
            BUILDING DOWN . . . MORALE UP            Jesse Burch   9
            FOUNDATION AWARD TO EASTERN INMATES                   13
            THE TEMPLE CHOIR                 Dennis and Williams  17
            SPECIAL DELIVERY                      Joseph J. Cuff  21
            BIG BEAT IN E.S.P.                   Thomas Williams  30
            THE VISITING ROOM                Penal Press Reprint  31
            FOOD FOR THOUGHT                     Frank H. Terres  34
            KINGSLEY COOKSON & HIS TEENAGERS Dennis and Williams  35
            CHESS ACTIVITY Frank Ferrera 36

STORIES     A LITTLE WHIFFENPOOF                Robert F. Cullen  32

RELIGION   "REMEMBER THY LAST END"           Rev. John J. McHugh  13

SPORTS      THE EASTERN ECHO SPORTS SECTION                       22

ALSO        PENAL PRESS REVIEWS                    Ralph Teitjen   6
            FOR CONSIDERATION                                      7
            FOR THE ECHO RECORD                                    7
            SNOOPY                                Joseph J. Cuff  26
            AROUND OUR HOUSE                    "IRISH" McCullen  27
            POETRY                                   Jesse Burch  28
            THE EASTERN ECHO MAIL BAG              Inside Back Cover

            COVER BY MORRISON

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
George M. Leader, Governor 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Thomes D. McBride, Attorney General
BUREAU OF CORRECTION
Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner — Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner
EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY
William J. Banmiller, Superintendent

THE EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary
at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Its editors, or the institution itself, cannot be held responsible
for plagiarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.

Dear Reader:

This Fall Issue ’58 of
the ECHO gives you, the
public, an inside look at
the problems that face
us. How can these prob-
lems be solved? We
welcome your ideas and
your letters. Write us.

A newcomer to ECHO
readers, James ‘“Mike”
Smith, presents the ever-
present problems that
face men on parole. His
The Minority Walk a
Lonely Street, on P-4,
lays it on the line.

What does an attorney
owe his client? Superin-
tendent Banmiller’s A
Lawyers Responsibility
to The Offender, P-10,
takes you on a tour be-
hind the scenes to answer
this question. Crime and
Punishment is analyzed
by Editor Cuff on P-14.
This article should be
read carefully and in-
vites your views. Is the
author right or wrong?
On P-16, we offer What
Are We Here For? by
Binford H. Smith. Writer
Smith has left, but be-
fore leaving, he lets you
know, “what we are here
for."

Frank H. Terres con-
tinues his series of em-
ployment articles. On
P-18, he again speaks
to prospective employers.
Employer Needed gives
the background of two
of our men. These men
are soon to be released.

Wem, wo mee, wae
daughter of Joe Cuff?
Then read Special De-
livery on P-21. Here 13
the heart-warming por-
trait of a litle, three-
year-old girl that will
capture your heart.

A Little Whiffenpoof
by Robert F. Cullen, on
P-32, is a story: that wll
give you many a chuckle.

We hope the above,
plus many features of
interest mm and arcund
ESP, will hold your in-
terest and give you hours
of enjoyment and  in-
formative reading.

COVER
Leaves, though fallen,
still have a part to play.
Cannot the fallen man
be recast in a new role?
