---
id: "259"
title: "The Minority Walk a Lonely Street"
author: 'SMITH, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE MINORITY WALK A LONELY STREET
by JAMES “MIKE” SMITH

In addition to the measurable length of depriv-
ation of liberty, a jail sentence carries with it a
more subtle punishment. A punishment. not or-
dained by any judge or jury, nor set forth by any
statute. A delayed action type of punishment of
which the convicted person is usually completely
unaware until he has completed his sentence or been
discharged on parole. Only after he leaves the
prison and the sheltering influence of its abnormal
socicty, does he discover that he has become a mem-
ber of an artificially created minority group—"ex-
eon.” Like the member of any other minority
group he has lost his right to be judged as an in-
dividual and is automatically burdened by society’s
stern evaluation of the group as a whole.

The artificiality of this minority group lies in
its birth—unlike other such groups, membership is
not derived by a status of birth such as nationality,
race, or religion, but by an experience—serving
time. This fact makes the “slings and arrows” di-
rected at the group all the more painful. A Negro,
a Jew, or any member of other like groups have
lived with their status since childhood and have, in
most cases, developed an instinctive defense which
makes them less vulnerable to the attacks upon their
person or character. However, the ex-con, particu-
larly the first offender, often finds himself bewild-
ered and defenseless in the face of the trials en-
countered by members of a minority group.

Regardless of his position in society previous
to his conviction, he is suddenly an object of scorn
or deliberate disinterest which shames him as an
individual. In some eases, this is encountered even
in the prison despite the fact that there he is in the
majority. How many times in his contacts with
various officials has the inmate been treated like
a eretin, his self-regard lessened by the attitude
“You're just an inmate, what do you know about
anything?”

How many times will an inmate who has en-
countered such stupid self-satisfaction attempt to
break through this barrier before he ’wises up” to
his new position in life and retreats from any fur-
ther such contacts, putting aside any further efforts
to be an individual until the day of his release from
prison.

On the day of release, the inmate joyfully sheds
the uniform which broadeasts his status as a pris-
oner. He dons the clothes of the civilian and “hits
the street” to breathe the clean, fresh air as a free
and equal member of society. Perhaps he is on
parole in which case he realizes he must abide by
certain rules and regulations which will restrict
him somewhat more than is his fellow-man. In most
instances he is content to live within the bounds of
such rules for he has regained a sense of identity,
a quality of particular individualness and personal
importance which gives him confidence that he will
in time be able to shed even these last vestiges of
his ignoble past.

Some, blessed by circumstance and environ-
ment, are permitted to live the rest of their lives in
a peaceful fashion as an accepted member of the
free community. They are the lucky ones who
do not encounter the fatuous bearers of prejudice
that haunt the lives of the minorities.

But — to some others, a large percentage, slow-
ly or rapidly, dependent upon fate, comes the reali-
zation that they will never be free of the prison
sentence they have attempted to bury deep within
the caverns of their memory. An impatient gesture
from the boss, a careless whisper by a fellow em-
ployee, an impulsive epithet by a neighbor, a cer-
tain coolness on the part of a former close friend,
or most revealing—a look of suffering forbearance
from a member of the family. Each action is by
itself perhaps dismissible as a mere lapse of conduct,
unimportant in our daily life. But gathered to-
gether and analysed by the released prisoner, not
because of over-sensitivity or paranoia, but because
of common human self-consciousness bred from ego,
these individual actions form a general indictment
of unworthiness, a pointing finger digging at the
still sore wound of guilt.

This indictment, depending on the releasee’s
environment and associates, can be as brutal as the
slashing cuts of a broad-ax, or as delicately cruel
as a darting rapier. No need to call “Touche”’—
the victim feels deeply each blow at his pride. Some,
made of stronger stuff, will wend a judicious path
through life and eventually successfully overcome
the effects of the snipes, the rebuffs, the attempted
categorization. Some others will lay down in the
face of this assault and gain the tolerance if not
the respect of their attackers by putting aside their
pride, by tempering their opinions of personal worth,
by submissiveness to the dictates and whims of
those unthinking members of society who must have
a whipping boy, whether he or she be stigmatized
by a dark skin, a foreign accent, an unorthodox
religious belief, or the label of ‘‘ex-con.”

Neither of the above categories will be of any
threat to society in the future, but a third category
exists and feeds upon the inane prejudices and
biases which beset modern society.

Some releasees will be prideful, but unlike the
former group which tactfully and patiently worked
to counteract the assaults upon their ego, this group
is aggressive, arrogant, ambitious—all welcome as-
sets to any character, but unfortunately, unfitting
for an ex-con. The men in this group will reply in
turn when insulted, rebel against dominance by any
other group, dare to hold iconoclastic opinions in
the face of their perhaps more conservative fellows,
hold in high esteem their personal abilities and iin
telligence and violently denounce any reflections
upon the same. They will not patiently and wisely
strive for the respect of others, but because of their
high self-respect will revolt against all efforts to
remind them of “their place.”

There is only one possible result. The major-
ity will chose to drive the rebel from the cultural
and economic community by a concerted effort by
all citizens, even those who were at first understand-
ing. For a time the rebel will remain alone, but
another group quickly opens its membership rolls
to accept him—the criminal element. Life in a group,
any group, is the salvation of the loner, and the
restoration of his sense of pride and personal im-
portance which he found impossible to achieve by
“ooing straight,” is made possible within this new
eroup which respects violence, thievery, and mur-
der. The end—probably a return to jail and an-
other statistic in the column titled “Recidivism.”

Since the above paragraphs are strictly per-
sonal theory, I wish to forestall one thought which
may enter the mind of the free reader. He may
even now be saying to himself, “Just like a con. He
writes and talks like all the rest of them.” You
are wrong—thoughts and ideas of cons or ex-cons
are not a common tribal memory carried around by
all prisoners or all ex-prisoners, but individual ex-
pressions of individual reasoning.

This article is not meant as an attack against
society or any individuals within society. It offers
no excuses for the lack of control displayed by the
mentioned group which returns to the criminal ele-
ment upon release. Jt does not cry out for any
program, schema, or plan to alleviate the problems
of the ex-con. It merely attempts an explanation
of a little discussed factor which may be of some
importance in the increase of recidivism these lat-
ter years. It offers no solution—preconceived pre-
judices and attitudes, like all emotions, cannot be
overcome by reasoning, but only by growing up.
In the meantime the ex-prisoner has only one re-
course—to accept his position in life as a member
of a minority class and work within its bounds as
best he can to recreate some fraction of the status
which he willingly placed in Jeopardy by commit-
ting a criminal act.

IGNORANCE IS THE MOTHER OF PREJUDICE.—J. Bright
