---
id: "261"
title: "For Consideration"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For Consideration

On August 11, 1958, the ECHO Staff met with
Superintendent Wm. Banmiller, Dr. Michael Morello,
Director of Treatment and Mr. Wm. Berg, Social
Service Director. Discussed at this meeting were
the following items.

(a) Following a Warden’s Institutional Staff
meeting, a directive was issued limiting the number
of people an inmate may correspond with to ten
(10). This includes relatives and friends.

Inmates are to submit to the Social Service
Department, a list of ten names (10) including rel-
atives and friends, but in cases where there exists a
need for additional letters, an inmate may contact the
above named Department and modification to fit the
individual will be considered. There is no limit as
to the number of persons that will be allowed to
write to any inmate.

A listing of a Mr. and Mrs. will constitute one
correspondent, however, if you were to write to
them separately, your list will suffer accordingly
and one will be deleted. There will be no special
form letters sent out by any Department, to any of
your correspondents.

(b) A Directive from the Commissioner’s Office
in Harrisburg, limiting an inmates commissary al-
lowance to $16.00 per month.

Shoes will not be included in this set limit. Items
such as T-shirts and turkish towels have been
ordered by the Institution and will be issued when
available. There will be more modifications, when
and if warranted.

There will be more discussion on this particular
problem by the Superintendent and his Staff.

In regards to the transfer of monies on your
account, to your commissary account, it was decided
that onee monies have been transferred to the com-
missary account, it will not be available for any pur-
chase other than those made through the Commis-
sary Department.

(c) When an inmate applies for a parole or
commutation, is a summary of his progress and
achievement, while confined, sent to the sentencing
judge?

On Commutation cases, a summary of progress
is sent to the District Attorney and Sentencing
Judge. On parole cases, contacts with the Sent-
encing Judge and District Attorney are made by the
Parole Board, since it is in their jurisdiction.
