---
id: "262"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For the Echo Record

DIXIELAND IS AHEAD AGAIN!
“HOORAY FOR DIXIE!”

Quite a statement coming from a Yankee, but
let’s give credit where credit is due.

According to the ANGOLITE, a prison pub-
lication of Angola, Louisiana Prison, ONE HUN-
DRED EIGHT inmates were paroled in June 1958.
This is the highest percentage of grants in the
history of the Angola prison.

Because of the confidence in the new program,
there are fewer parole violators and less recidivism
as Shown by the effectiveness of the administration’s
efforts to give the state a genuine rehabilitation pro-
gram and means to change men and women into
acceptable, law abiding people.

According to the Angolite, of one hundred
eighty six prisoners appearing before the parole
board, seventy six were first offenders, twenty four
were second, four were third, two were fifth-time
losers and one was a sixth offender. Thirty four
percent of the recidivists whose cases were given
consideration, were granted parole.

The program in Angola has resulted in great
progress reports among losers, because members of
the board have agreed to give this group of inmates
another chance to prove they were on the road back
to good citizenship.

Although the parole board in May paroled
eighty six in Louisiana, no one remembers a record
of activity in favor of inmates effecting as many —
paroles as the June board.

Does the action of the parole board in Louisiana
fortify the truth of an effective job? Apparently
so, as only nine revocations of parole were recorded
for May. Of the seventy-eight denied parole out of
the number appearing before the board, there is
enthusiasm and hope among them as they feel that
they do have a chance with this more liberal policy
toward parole in effect.

One state did take it upon itself to liberalize
paroles, not only among those convicted for the
first time, but those convicted a second, third, fourth,
fifth and even the sixth time.

Recidivism will definitely continue dropping
with a liberal policy of parole in force. The parole
board of Louisiana seems to feel that with an honest
effort made by the inmate while in prison, and im-
proving himself with what facilities he may have
to work with, although limited, he should be given
the opportunity to be released on parole and adjust
himself to the demands of society. Louisiana au-
thorities say it is definitely helping as revocations
have fallen since the liberal policy has been placed
in force. During April there were seventeen re-
vocations of parole. As mentioned heretofore, only
nine in May.

What criminologists and penologists have been
trying to tell the people and their legislators for the
past several years is now proving to be the solution.
Dixie listened to them, and the results: MORE
PAROLES, LESS REVOCATIONS, AND LESS RE-
CIDIVISM. THE PRESIDIO, JULY, 1958.
