---
id: "263"
title: "Profile..."
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“In self-knowledge, one has the
key to becoming a better person,
capable of a more useful life.”

PROFILE . . .

by HENRY MYERS

John “Jack” Long, Nurse in the prison hospital, is
not an unusual prisoner just because he happens
to spend most of his time helping others. A number
of prisoners do that. And anyway, it’s Jack’s job
to see that men get help when they need it. But
like so many prisoners, Jack not only devotes his
time to the job, he gives himself.

Jack was born in East Syracuse, New York.
His family, after moving to Pennsylvania, finally
settled in New York City. Jack went on to Chester,
Penna., to live with his sister.

Jack’s cloudburst came in 1956. Arrested for
robbery and assault, he entered a plea of “not
guilty.’ A Delaware County jury found him
guilty. A sentence of 5 to 10 years in the Hastern
State Penitentiary followed.

The end of that sentence.seemed completely out
of sight when he walked in through the gates of
ESP. . Jack didn’t let it throw him. Instead, he
began looking for ways to make himself useful. He
found it. He was assigned to the prison hospital.
Assigned as an orderly, Jack worked himself up to
nurse.

Since 1956, Jack threw himself into his work,
earning the respect and devotion of fellow prisoners
and guards alike. He put in many fifteen hour days,
and often spent the night at the bedside of a des-
perately ill patient. Though there is no way of
proving it, many prisoners claim Jack’s presence
kept them from sliding over the dark edge.

Jack has strength, he believes in himself, he
believes in God.

Let’s let Jack Long take it from here.

“I believe in God,” says Jack, “and that each
person is wholly responsible for all his actions. And
so I believe anything I do is my own doing, and I
can offer no excuse for myself. Because I believe
that we bear the responsibility for our actions. I
believe that all of us must do all we can to become
unselfish, kind and objective.

I don’t imply that because there can be no ex-
cuses we must go through hfe guilty about our
failings, and as a result either pretend that they
don’t exist or, feeling guilty, punish ourselves.
Rather, I believe that what one must do is work
toward an understanding of one’s limitations and
positive values. Self-knowledge is the answer, and
it is here I think, that one has the key to know how
to become a better person, capable of a more useful
life.

In my younger days I was unkind to the people
around me. I was impatient ... intolerant... as
so many young people are. The reason I was this
way was because I disliked myself. I couldn’t find
tolerance for others because there wasn’t any tol-
erance there. And I saw that the only way to find
tolerance was to learn tolerance, and that had to
begin with understanding and liking myself, the
person I should know best.

Today I believe in toleration. Without tolera-
tion there can be neither progress, nor a progres-
sively peaceful world.

To deny toleration is to do violence to one’s
self; it is to pursue the temper of violence towards
another, even if actual violence does not always
ensue in fact.

I pause now to wonder, in conclusion, if what
I have been saying is honest and sincere. Aren’t
these just so many words by which I don’t really
abide? Such a personal philosophy can lead but
to constant disillusionment, and in fact I do find
myself most of the time either just about to fall
or having fallen flat on my face. But the point is,
I believe, that, falls or no falls, after a little brush-
ing off and some minor repairs, I am usually ready
to get up and go again... and again... . and again.
And to me that is living.

It has been a healthy thing, this business of
awakening to a possibility, mature understanding of
who I am and what makes me tick and therefore
what makes others tick, because in an effort to face
my problems and find the real necessities in my life
I have found to my relief that I share the needs and
problems of other people. And having found this
mutuality with others, I can forget myself. I have
begun to lose that selfishness that comes out of un-
happiness and isolation. It may take my lifetime,
but—this I believe—(though I may never achieve
it) it is worth a lifetime of effort.”

We, too, have come to believe in Jack Long, for
we know he is sincere in all he says and does.
Jack Long is also a leader in the field of sports.
The Panthers, a softball team in the Pen-Cell
league, was floundering in the cellar. Under Jack’s
leadership the team came alive, and at this writing,
the Panther’s are on top, leading the league by three
full games.

When Jack’s day of release comes, he wants to
live and settle down in Bristol, Pennsylvania. His
ambition is to remain in hospital work, and continue
helping others.

No story would be complete without a girl
heroine. Jack has his girl, and she is sticking by
him, waiting for the great day, when they can be
together, be married, settle down and have a loving
home of their own.
