---
id: "265"
title: "A Lawyer's Responsibility to the Offender"
author: "Banmiller, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Lawyer’s Responsibility To The Offender
As written for THE TEMPLE LAW QUARTERLY
by WILLIAM J. BANMILLER

As a layman whose career has exposed him
over a period of two decades to all facets of the
subject, my feeling and observations have been con-
ditioned by trial and error, by seeing the ridiculous
and the serious complaints, by listening to offenders
with preposterous claims that even the uninitiated
ean ascertain as fraudulent and frivolous. Con-
versely and more lamentable, are the indigent and
friendless, who might not have fared so badly if
given legal assistance.

Everyone agrees that our Constitution pro-
vides certain safeguards that are more than cliches;
that mean more than euphonious phrases. They were
debated and argued for months and refined over a
period of years by construction. Are we to assume
they can be short circuited on the premise that it is
a cumbersome procedure?

There are two areas of counsellor responsibility
as I see it, that which is strictly legally defined and
that which is morally conceived. It is essential
that the two merge to complete the moral responsi-
bility and relationship between offender and law-
yer. Anything else should not be sanctioned. Any-
thing else negates the very canon of ethics every
lawyer swears to uphold. As I recall, centuries ago
men of law were the elite of the state and fees were
forbidden. Certainly that is not here proposed, but,
surely the indigent should stand on the same plane
as the affluent where life and liberty are involved.

PRE-TRIAL PHASE

I firmly believe an offender who is without
funds should be assigned competent counsel, who
will represent the offender as though a fee were
available. Perhaps Article 6 of our Constitution
has been construed to mean that if a person retains
counsel he must be permitted to “have assistance of
counsel.” Many of our State Courts hold that coun-
sel need not be provided, except in capital cases.

To their everlasting credit, many courts now
assign counsel to those offenders unable to employ
an attorney in non-capital cases. Some years ago
I read an article that aptly states my feeling on need
of counsel. The American Bar Association had re-
peatedly invited attention of the legal profession
to the plight of the defenseless accused. Then a
lengthy report was prepared on what happens to
the poor and ignorant who run afoul of the law.
Some findings were amazing—57% of those charged
with felony are tried without benefit of counsel—
the defendant in the average criminal case has no
legal help until most of the opportunities for build-
ing a defense have passed. It was reported that as
a result 70 to 90% of all accused pleaded guilty.
Because they are guilty? Perhaps. Who knows?
The late Justice Hughes wrote: “There is no more
serious menace than the discontent that is fostered
by the belief that one cannot enforce his legal rights
because of poverty.” I would propose that before
acceptance of any plea in any felony by the indig-
ent or ignorant that council has to be assigned due
to the complexity in some pleas. To say that an
offender with a past criminal experience is legally
competent to cope with the procedure is incorrect,
as even counsels, district attorneys and courts err
on certain fundamental points. It is admitted this
may be onerous at times and thankless at other
times. At least, it upholds the pure intent of the
Constitution and would be an everlasting credit of
the Bar. Penniless and ignorant offenders would
feel—somebody cares! Our Federal Courts have
liberally followed what appears to be the constitu-
tional interdiction. I would even hold that it should
be a mandatory provision to assign counsel in all
cases where imprisonment is involved. No plea
should be permitted until counsel is assigned to the
offender unable to employ a lawyer. How can even
a previously convicted offender, usually of low in-
telligence, be expected to plead to certain technical
indictments, particularly where technical multiple
charges are listed?

The State has every facility at its disposal to
gather evidence and obtain witnesses. Proper pre-
trial work by counsel for the defense is not expect-
ing to much. This should be a conscientious appli-
cation to the assignment. Too often the court looks
over the lawyers available in Court and assigns one
to handle the case, and it is only too frequent that
counsel has only a few minutes prior to the adju-
dication for the defense and preparation of the case.
Certainly this is not ample time to properly discuss
the case with the defendant, to gather sufficient
facts, to check background, and to otherwise per-
form required investigation before a proper pre-
sentation of the case can be made.

This necessity for counsel before plea was for-
cibly brought out several years ago (after 1939)
when not a few men without counsel pleaded to at-
tempted rape and received 73 to 15 years. Yet this
was changed in 1939 by the assault to ravish statute,
providing a penalty of 23 to 5 years. One man
served six years before the error was discovered.
He had no lawyer standing with him to examine this
prior to judgement.

I feel the petitions for habeas corpus would de-
crease sharply if due care were exercised at every
stage of the proceedings with safeguards herein pro-
posed. Parenthetically it might be observed that
a writ of habeas corpus in a high prerogative writ,
that even the Courts cannot refuse to entertain, a
fortiori with which prison officials cannot interfere
at its submission.

Proper investigation of the offender and _ his
background, his mental status and related matters
would prove invaluable to the courts at the time of
adjudication of the case and in the proper disposi-
tion thereof. It is not uncommon that a petition for
the appointment of a lunacy commission must be filed
shortly after reception of a sentenced offender. Ade-
quate laws are available to determine this before a
man is committed to prison and at times goes to the
very heart of the case. Where indicated, by agree-
ment of the prosecutor and defense counsel, is it
not possible for an objective presentation of one
competent psychiatrist to give testimony on the
mental status for the guidance of the court or jury.

TRIAL PHASE

The bar association would perform a tremen-
dous service if steps could be taken to encourage
pre-sentence reports by the probation departments
of the various counties. True, this would increase
budgets but the federal courts now insist on such
reports, finding them indispensable in properly pass-
ing judgment based on the individual. All the
more, progressive writing by men in penal and ju-
dicial areas has stressed the importance of such
reports.

Is it only to remain as lip-service? To ignore
this essential requirement is to negate the very
foundation of good penology and workable parole
systems.

Relative to this, is the current review of sen-
tences on a national scale, the object, to bring some
uniformity in what Judges assess for the same of-
fense. The disparity is appalling, which can be
discerned in prison, the eruicible of comparison.

Competent counsel acting within moral princi-
ples and moral responsibility would strive to bring
forth every possible point for his client without
clouding the waters with rhetoric and erudition
above and beyond the requirements merely for the
sake of establishing his own reputation. One case
stands out in my mind as an example of this pitfall.
A former District Attorney was employed as defense
counsel and apparently he and the District Attorney
did not agree on other matters. The charge was
homicide but the jury was so confused with argu-
ment, exceptions and rules of evidence that the of-
fender could have well been found guilty of first
degree murder where an objective reading of the
testimony indicated voluntary manslaughter or at
worst second degree murder. Fortunately after
several days of trial the defense counsel changed the
plea to guilty of second degree murder and the
court mercifully accepted it and imposed a proper
sentence.

Professor Julius Stone wisely states:

Because attention is concentrated on interpre-
ting the list of exceptions, not only is the require-
ment for relevancy forgotten but the very object
of the original rule to prevent proof of guilt by an
exception is admitted to the broad rule which ad-
mits evidence precisely for the reason that the orig-
inal rule excluded it.

There are some distasteful cases on which an
attorney would prefer not to enter a plea. Cer-
tainly all can’t be ideal but the lawyer, as I see it,
should exert every legitimate and legal effort in
behalf of his client, no matter the case or the plea,
without resorting to sharp practices which lowers
the profession and creates contempt for law. An
offender who expects anything but a legal, moral
and equitable handling of his case is one who will
again become involved in eriminal activity.

When Sam Leibowitz was defense counsel, he
spoke out against the persons who prejudged any
any offender. He properly felt that his job was to
represent his clients to the best of his ability as the
Courts were charged with the pronouncement of
judgement.

Mental capacity is important but not to the ex-
tent to excuse absolutely. If all men, no matter the
circumstances, had counsel, mitigating factors could
be properly developed and offenders sent to the
proper institutions for treatment if required. This
inures to the benefit of the defendant, and society
would be saved from subsequent serious heinous
offenses if the offender were permitted to continue
unchecked and untreated. Former Justice Cardozo
wrote of the “Tyranny of Labels” which seems ap-
plicable to the question of criminal insanity. Ab-
struse reasoning and “labels” have distorted “right
and wrong” to the utter and abject confusion of a
lay jury. In 1868 in Mass. it was stated:

If we should count as insane all grown up per-
sons in the Commonwealth (Mass.) who are not sane
in heart, not sane in conscience, and not sane in
reason, the remainder might be a small minority.
But those only are set down as insane whose mental
facilities are so disturbed that they cannot train in
the social ranks; and who are adjudged by certain
officers to be incompetent for self guidance for the
management of their own affairs. These are ruled
back by the law into the condition of children and
wards.

POST TRIAL

Prisoners are human beings and are keenly
aware of their imprisonment. They accept honest
opinions when seeking advice of counsel in any mat-
ter—civil or criminal. As an example: When an
inmate seeks advice on a proposed petition to the
Board of Pardons, an honest opinion should be giv-
en as to the merits, judging all factors. It is indeed
unfortunate that some lawyers proceed without ex-
amining the full record and without seeking infor-
mation that vitally may affect the reception of such
petition by the Board of Pardons. We have seen
applications (with considerable fee) where no pos-
sible merit existed. Counsel should be frank with
the inmate and so advise him rather than give hope
where none could possibly exist. This is a matter
of Executive Clemency and there should be some-
thing outstanding presented with all of the factors
carefully weighed to merit attention. The same
applies to parole at the minimum date. Counsel
ean be of great value in presenting certain facts to
the Parole Board, but rarely can counsel interfere
with the discretion which is vested by law in the
Parole Board as judgment has already been rend-
ered at sentence. The determination of the Board
is confined to whether the man is able and ready to
resume his place in society. Juthermore the Pa-
role Authorities have facts sometimes not known to
counsel. Lawyers know or should appraise them-
selves of these facts relating to parole procedures.

When advice is sought on a petition for habeas
corpus, honesty and frankness should prevail. This
is not to say there are not some worthy cases as
some should be pursued to the limit where there is
real merit. However, Appellate Court records are
replete with frivolous petitions that obscure the
worthy few.

In presenting these comments, I sincerely hope
they are accepted in the proper spirit. Prisoners
are in many cases greatly misunderstood but there is
one thing certain: they want frankness and an
honest opinion. . Vacillation, no. In summary I sub-
mit that in every phase of criminal proceedings
promises should not be made that cannot be fulfilled
or for which there is no basis in counsel’s best judg-
ment. This is particularly true in appeal matters
which if unwarranted only delay the offender in
facing reality and adjusting to his new situation.
Finality of judgment must take place some time.
Promises that cannot be kept tend to keep the man
upset and unable to adjust because of anticipating
something that cannot materialize or is a waste of
time and money.

In all stages if the prosecutor, defense counsel
and court could maintain the ultimate objective in
mind, i. e., what is best for society and the offender,
and not be overzealous beyond need, having as a
polestar, “justice”, no offender could look back with
misgivings, wondering, “What is Justice.”

To conclude, I should like to propose, without
presumption, that Men of Law broaden their know-
ledge beyond that obtained in law schools. This is
particularly important to those who lean to the
practice of criminal law. So many lawyers avoid
this field as though it were a plague and not be-
fitting them. Perhaps that is why it has not at-
tained the level it should. After all, this field affects
us vitally dealing as it does with humanity, and life
and liberty upon which rests the foundation of good
government. Law schools now offer courses in
Legal Medicine, Psychiatry and allied fields. Every
lawyer interested in criminal law should study
prisons and prison philosophy. That in addition to
being a place as (not for) punishment, it also has a
more important role—to prepare the offender to re-
sume a useful place in society. How many Men of
Law really know the real purpose of imprisonment
beyond the punishment and deterrent purpose?
When those so vitally involved in criminal process
begin to fully understand this, society will profit im-
measurably and perhaps give a helping hand to the
unfortunate even after release, providing, of course,
the offender exhibits a sincere desire to prove his
worthiness. Civilization has advanced  tremen-
dously—Has it here?
