---
id: "266"
title: "Remember Thy Last End"
author: "McHugh, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
‘And God created man to His own image.’’__(Gen. 1-27)

“Remember Thy Last End”
by Rev. John J. McHugh, Catholic Chaplain

‘‘Let us make man to our image and likeness;
and let him have dominion over the fishes uf the sea,
and the fowls of the air, and the beasts, and the whole
earth, and every creeping creature that moveth upon
the earth.’’ Man alone, of all the creatures of God.
is made in His image and likeness. The reflection is
not in the body but in the soul; which is a spiritual
substance endued with understanding and free will.

Man is the masterpiece of God’s creation. He
exists in common with inanimate objects, grows and
reproduces like the plants and trees, posscsses the
faculty of sensation and motion in common with the
birds and beasts. In fine, man unites within himself
the essential characteristics of all the rest of creation.
But most of all, man surpasses all these creatures
because he has the glorious gift of reason and free
will in company with the Angels of Heaven. In the
words of the Psalmist; ‘‘Thou hast made him a little
less than the Angels; Thou hast crowned him with
glory and honor, Thou hast given him dominion over
the works of thy hands; Thou hast put all things
under his feet.’’

So we see that man is superior to the brute
animal because of his spiritual endowments. Con-
sidered from the physical side, man has little to boast:
about when compared to the brute. In fact, in most
respects, he is inferior. He can’t run like a whippet
nor swim like a fish. His ery can’t compare with
the roar of a lion nor is his song as sweet as a lark.
In spite of all this, man is more than a glorified
animal. Because of his reason and free will, man is
on a plane far above the rest of visible creation. He
enjoys a dignity and distinction above all other
creatures simply because God has given to him a
human soul, a soul made in the image of its Maker
and endowed with immortality.

When we consider the spiritual makeup of man,
life takes on a true meaning. Regardless of what
other interests we may have, there is only one thing
that really matters and that is the salvation of our
immortal soul. With this end in view, all the diffi-
culties and trivialities that loom so large in life will
assume their true proportions. The reason why so
many are baffled and confused is that they live like
animals. They glorify the physical and material
things and fail to appreciate the realities of eternity.
The seeret of a well ordered and contented life can
be found only in terms of eternal glory. ‘“‘In all
thy works remember thy last end.’’ (Ecclus. 7-40)
