---
id: "268"
title: "Analysis... Crime and Punishment"
author: "CUFF, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Analysis...
CRIME and PUNISHMENT
by Joseph J. Cuff

In many states there is at present a wave of con-
cern about crime. It has been on the increase,
although now the peak seems to have been passed.
There is little doubt, however, that. more cases of
anti-social behaviour and crime are brought to pub-
lic notice now than in past years.

The explanation of this in part is that more
cases are reported now and that the police of all
states are more inclined to take notice of violations
of the law both by young people and adults.

If society is to be protected and the individual
lawbreaker helped, then we must of necessity un-
derstand something of the causes and background
which have given rise to the particular conduct of
which society properly disapproves. Diagnosis
should precede treatment. The doctor who merely
treats symptoms without attempting to understand
the underlying cause of the condition is a quack or
a charlatan. The parent, the teacher or the judge
who treats disorders of social behaviour without
concerning himself about the reasons for that be-
haviour can also quite properly be called a charla-
tan. There is no spiritual or legal aspirin tablet
which will cure every disorder.

NEW FRONTIERS OF THINKING:

Prisons today are naturally very different places
from those of fifty years ago. Treatment is gener-
ally less severe. Prisoners are given more varied
and useful work to do and education, athletics and
entertainment all figure in the program of a well-
run modern prison.

But the “humanizing” of prison conditions is
only one aspect of a broader and more significant
change in the whole conception of crime and punish-
ments which the findings of criminology are slowly
bringing about.

No one, say modern criminologists, inherits
“criminal tendencies,” although people may inherit
some quality which makes it easy for them to be-
come criminals. Crime may show the inability of
the individual to deal with the world he lives in or
the inability of society to provide a decent environ-
ment for all people. Crime is often caused by pov-
erty, over-crowded living conditions, bad associa-
tions and accidental factors such as unemployment.

The criminal may not be to blame for his crimes,
therefore the idea of “punishment” is not an im-
portant one in modern criminology. Thus it dis-
approves of courts which seek to avenge society
against the criminal and to “give him what he de-
serves.”

Psychiatrists have joined criminologists in
throwing light on the subject of crime and have
provided useful techniques in dealing with criminals
both in the courts and in prison. But often ecrim-
inal practice and psychiatric theory are in complete
conflict.

GUILT AND PUNISHMENT

Psychiatrists complain that criminal law, as
practiced today, is still guided by the idea of pun-
ishment and deterrence, that rehabilitation and re-
formation of the individual offender is secondary.
The psychiatrist sees the problem of crime as one
of treatment rather than of punishment. He ap-
proaches the offender as a patient, not as a prisoner ;
he is interested in the individual rather than the
crime.

Does this imply the complete abolition of all
unpleasant ways of dealing with offenders? No,
say psychiatrists, for even under the best of systems
disciplinary measures, such as confinement in insti-
tutions, would still be necessary. But such mea-
sures would be imposed primarily because they were
felt to be necessary for the offender’s own welfare
and for the welfare of society, and not as punish-
ment for an offense against the law.

Psychiatrists, psychologists, sociologists, crim-
inologists and jurists have proposed a number of
reforms to bring criminal procedure in line with
present-day sociological and psychiatric knowledge.

They suggest, for instance, that a psychiatric
service should be available to every criminal and
juvenile court and to every penal and correctional
institution, and that a psychiatric report should be
made on every prisoner before he is released.

They have also proposed that in cases punish-
able by a prison sentence the question of responsi-
bility should not be submitted to the jury. The
jury’s role would simply be to determine that the
offense was committed by the defendant. The dis-
position and treatment (including punishment)
would be based on a study of the individual offender
by properly qualified and impartial experts cooper-
ating with the courts. This means a complete separ-
ation of the “guilt-finding” and the ‘‘sentence-im-
posing” phases in court trials.

They feel that greater use should also be made
of a flexible indeterminate sentenee which allows
for better individual treatment and release from
prison when progress reports show that the prisoner
is not likely to relapse into crime. They call for
a wider use among adults of the probation system
so often employed for dealing with juvenile delin-
quents. Probation is usually applied in the case
of a first offense or where there are extenuating
circumstances. Punishment is suspended and treat-
ment and guidance are given.

Progress in improving prison regimes and re-
forming criminal law during the past fifty or more
years owes a great deal to an earlier movement
which declared “Moral regeneration should be the
primary aim of prison discipline; hope should be
more powerful than fear.”

Today the prevention of crime and the treat-
ment of offenders should be regarded more than
ever aS an national problem. There should be or-
ganized regional seminars and mectines of experts
—lawyers, sociologists, judges, police officials, jur-
ists, criminologists and many others—to study such
subjects as probation, the indeterminate sentence,
standard rules for the treatment of prisoners, the
training of prison staffs, trends of crime, open in-
stitutions, and the prevention of juvenile delin-
quency.

TODAY’S STUMBLING BLOCKS

Real progress in dealing with criminals and
preventing crime is not likely to come, however,
until the idea that crime cannot be prevented by
repressive measures alone becomes more widely ac-
cepted by the public as a whole. A need must be
stressed for developing a new attitude towards crime
as part of crime prevention policies.

Existing systems of punishment still have an
emotional content... in which segregation and
counter aggression play a dominant role. As long
as this is not overcome, no real progress can be
achieved. . .
