---
id: "27"
title: "Question Box"
author: "MORELLO, Michael"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0029.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
QUESTION BOX

Albert D. Winkler, D-2283, forwarded to your Editor the following question:

While I am in favor of the new Treatment Program, I do feel that it could
be more effective if we inmates understood more fully the duties and place of
its Director in the institution setup. May I ask, then, what is the status and
purpose of the Director of Treatment and his office?

Answer:

The Director of Treatment coordinates the activ-
ities of the various services and specialties in the
institution which deal with the welfare of the inmate.
He functions under the supervision of the Warden
and is responsible to the Warden for the preparation
and carrying through of a program to aid the inmates
in their rehabilitative effort. He acts as a liaison
between Treatment Staff, custodial forces and the
Warden.

However, while the various treatment depart-
ments are coordinated by the Director, let me stress
the point that the Director does not make individual
decisions for each treatment department, since the
function of each department rests with its depart-
ment head. Rather, there is a chain of command
which operates in something of the following manner :

(a) The department heads are responsible for
their departments.

(b) They in turn are responsible to the Director
of Treatment, who in turn is responsible to the
Warden of the institution.

(c) The Director formulates the general treat-
ment policy which must be reflected throughout
all the treatment departments. This treatment
policy can be felt by you not necessarily in the
form of any specific decision that I, or any of
the Staff, make regarding you, but rather in the
form of a changed prison climate, by which is
meant the recognition by the inmate that the
personnel of the institution are interested in
him as an individual and will listen to and act
upon his personal needs on that basis.

(d) In line with the Director’s policies, the
individual department heads make whatever spe-
cifie decisions as come under their areas of
specialty. So long as these decisions reflect a
treatment philosophy, the Director does not
play any further role. Nor does he seek to
place his personal judgment above that of the
specific department head involved. For instance,
the Director will ask for and receive a follow-up
medical cheek or even, when thought to be neces-
sary by the inmate, a review examination, but
never will he attempt to diagnose the ailment
or question the medical treatment prescribed
by the Medical Department. The Director feels
that a general treatment philosophy can only be
effective with the responsibility for each depart-
ment resting upon the department head.

M. Morello
