---
id: "271"
title: "The Temple Choir"
author: "Dennis, Theodore J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Temple Choir
by THEODORE J. DENNIS
and THOMAS WILLIAMS

With an air of expectancy we stood amid the
rustle and bustle of the spectators, our fellow in-
mates here at Eastern State Penitentiary, as they
assembled in the yard waiting the coming event.

This day marked the beginning of the second
inauguration of evening yard out. Also, for the
second time, within the confines of this gray struc-
ture, would echo the sweet tones of the Temple
Choir, reverberating throughout the inmate audi-
ence.

There were hushed whispers of adulation as the
Choir, elegantly dressed in beautiful, flowing, ma-
roon gowns, assembled on the make-shift ascending
stage. The heralding of summer, officially an-
nounced itself, with the downbeat of their intellec-
tual, humorous, and most amiable Choirmaster Mr.
Robert Page, and the talented voices of these young
pulchritudinous ladies and handsome gentlemen.

Keenly appreciative, and pleasing, were their
unique talents displayed, by their beautiful, deli-
cate, and excellent renditions of songs and anthems.
Marvelously sang in various languages, with com-
plete cadence of sound.

The very fact, that they were aptly adept at
instilling humor into their musical knowledge made
the quality of the program conclusively beautiful.
This was genuinely illustrated by their earthy, and
realistic musical portrayal of the ancient, sorrow-
filled composition, “Frankie and Johnny.”

To say they were wonderful, would only mini-
mize their wonderful talents. In speaking of this
wonderful group, what more can be said, except to
bestow our heart-felt thanks to Mr. Robert Page,
Mr. Ray Whittaker, and all others directly or in-
directly responsible for this glorious hour of happi-
ness.

In closing we would like to reveal a thought,
“Nothing is ever so dark and dismal that beauty of
song cannot filter a little ray of tranquil brightness
within its despairing darkness.”

Thomas Carlyle once said, “The meaning of
song goes deep. Who is there, that, in logical words,
can express the effect music has on us? <A kind of
inarticulate, unfathomable speech: which leads us
to the edge of the infinite, and lets us for moments
gaze into that!”

Again our sincerest gratitude and thanks.
