---
id: "272"
title: "Employer Needed"
author: "TERRES, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Employer Needed
by FRANK H. TERRES

In our article, “Employer Wanted”, (published in
our last edition of The Eastern Echo) we tried to
impress upon society, and particularly Employers,
the incongruity of judging our Inmate Population
by the very small percentage of “Parolees” who defy
social and parole rules to continue their wayward
life of Crime. We gave you an accurate percentage
of the men released, who profit by their mistakes
and become good citizens and loyal, constructive em-
ployees. The percentage was an overwhelming test-
imony to the success of our parole system.

However, as we tried to elucidate on the Parole
situation in its entirety, we did not deal with the
individuals already on parole, or those who will be-
come eligible for parole. For obvious reasons, we
cannot, at this time, give you the success stories of
our parolees who now live side by side with society.
We anticipate doing this in the very near future.
However, we can present some “Thumbnail” resumes
of men whom shall become available for release and
employment within the period of this issue. We
hope to be able to continually supply you with a
more expansive list of available manpower in all
future issues. This shall permit prospective em-
ployers a study of our available manpower for pos-
sible utilization as employees.

As you are probably aware, our Institution is
a “City within a City.” Our population, much as
yours, is comprised of men from all walks of life,
who entertain various and sundry vocations and
avocations. The scope of abilities and talents are
wide and varied. We are able to supply Salesmen,
Accountants, Machinists, Chemists, Farmers, Cooks,
Bakers, Printers, Dental Technicians, Medical Tech-
nicians, Writers, Artists, Typewriter Repairmen,
Box Factory Workers, Cobblers, Tailors, Barbers,
Laborers, and a host of other skilled and semi-skilled
workers. Many of our men have acquired a trade
through schooling and practical application, while
serving the sentence imposed upon them by the
Courts. Others have continued in the field of their
choice, acquired from their previous positions in
society. However, without question, we are able to
provide the most varied source of manpower avail-
able for your needs. A wealth of employment re-
source lies “untapped” at your fingertips.

If I were in the position of an Employer, I
would certainly take advantage of such availability.
Further, a thought which may not have occurred to
you, we are able to school and train men for your
individual needs. That is, IF, you will make those
needs known to us! We have many young men
entering our Institution with comparatively short
sentences to serve. These men could, and should,
be considered for their potential worth to industry
upon their release. If tests and study should prove
them to be qualified for your future needs, other
than the necessary theoretical application of the
particular phase of business you are anxious to de-
velop, the theory and practical development can be
initiated and consumated during his period of in-
carceration. Thus, upon his release, two very im-
portment factors would be realized. A young man
would be developed to shoulder his responsibilities
and become an integral part of society; and—you
would have, through incite and farsight, manufac-
tured a special tool designed to further its efficient
progress! This is a highly constructive means of
preserving the social order of a community and re-
tarding the progress of crime. Needless to say,
your corporation would be absolved of the costs
which must be considered in an organizational train-
ing program. Again, we are offering to you and
Industry, FREE SERVICE!!

With these thoughts in mind, let us continue
by supplying you with resumes of two men who will
become eligible for parole on or about the date of
this issue. Let us reassure you, these men were not
“handpicked.” We did not scan our files for the
two most promising backgrounds and submit them
to you as typical of all you might expect in the fu-
ture in order to gain your interest. Mr. Rufus,
our Parole Officer, had the numbers of six men who
will become eligible for release in October or No-
vember. I took the first two numbers off the list
and interviewed them. J knew nothing about their
past records or personal backgrounds. We are giv-
ing you an honest portrait of the individuals avail-
able for your usage, and we shall continue to do so!

E-7869: DESIRED VOCATION: Tractor-Trailer
Truck Driver. Age 45, Height 5’9”, Weight 160,
Ruddy complexion. A single man with no depen-
dents.

EDUCATION: Nine (9) years of formal schooling.
Excellent adaptability to learning.

BUSINESS EXPERIENCE: Various jobs as Ap-
prentice Electrician, Warehouse work, Shipping
platform man, Factory worker in Shirt Factory,
Truck Driver, ete. Most recent, 24 years with Con-
nelly Container Corporation, promoted to Garage
as Greaser, Lubricator, Tire Changer and Assistant
to Mechanie.

WRITER’S SUMMARY: After an extensive inter-
view with this man, he would receive my highest
recommendation as to his possibilities for loyalty
and hard work. This energetic, youthful looking
man impressed me tremendously with his determina-
tion to be a successful citizen. As he told me, “I
have to make it as a successful part of society. My
hfe depends on it!” I believe his words and in him.
I would recommend this man as a truck driver, ser-
vice station attendant, or a factory worker. Whom-
ever Shall call upon him, I believe his answer will
not leave the employer wanting. You just can’t
make it too tough for this boy. This cheery indivi-
dual, with a ready smile, makes a pleasant working
companion. No gripes, no moaning, no tears. The
burden he carries is not visible. He carries it, as he
does everything else, like a man. He is alert and
possessed of a keen mind. His vocabulary is not
extensive, but neither is it delinquent. This man
was educated in the school of “hard-knocks”. Here
is the rugged type of man which is such a necessary
component of our society. Wouldn’t life be hell if
our population consisted of only one type and class
of men?

This man’s background has been strewn with
difficulties. However, I believe that he has risen
above these difficulties and can be considered one to
help shoulder the responsibilities associated with
society.

E-2832: DESIRED VOCATION: Dental Techni-
cian. Age 26, Height 6°1”, Weight 182, Dark com-
plexion. A single man whose mother needs his help.
EDUCATION: (Institutional and Prior to commit-
ment.) Has completed two years of High School.
Three years of Institutional Theory and practice in
Dental Prosthetics.

BUSINESS EXPERIENCE: ‘Two years in Print-
ing Plant and other manufacturing in Philadelphia.
Good work record. Not fired from any position.
INSTITUTIONAL EXPERIENCE: Worked three
years in the modern Institutional Dental Laboratory.
Has specialized in the last year on ’Setups”, Polish-
ing and finishing, and Repairs. Also has_ back-
ground knowledge and ability to perform Waxing,
Bite Blocks, Trays, Articulations, Boil Outs and
packing. The Institutional system is thorough and
all functions are performed by Tech.

WRITER'S SUMMARY: This youthful, athletic,
pleasant lad has not had much opportunity to live
with society. Incarcerated as a young man, and
still a young man, he has matured rapidly due to
foreed incarceration with older men. Rather than
injure his outlook, I believe that this has helped
him. He does not have the streaks of wildness and
childishness that usually accompany a youth. A
non-drinker, he is a sports enthusiast. Participat-
ing in Basketball and Baseball, he is rated high
athletically. The unassuming demeanor with which
he disports himself is admirable. With the back-
ground that he has acquired in Dental Prostheties,
this young man can be developed into a‘highly ef-
ficient part of a Dental Laboratory.

Inasmuch as he has the responsibility of a de-
pendent, plus the maturing agent he has acquired
in prison, we believe that he shall take his rightful
place in society with an attitude of propriety and
responsibility. A decided advantage in his youth,
indicative of many years of productivity for the
Company who may hire him. The future possibili-
ties and the man’s outlook on life tend to override
any past behavior which has cost him so much. Fur-
ther, he shall be under the jurisdiction of the Pa-
role Board for a considerable length of time. Con-
stant surveillance and guidance shall be a definite
asset to both the man, and the hiring organization.
The recommendation: Excellent future possibili-
ties through understanding and further training.
Conducts himself as a gentleman. Soft-spoken and
amiable. Clean, neat and intelligent. As a sports
enthusiast, has developed sportsmanlike qualities.

In order to present the qualifications of the
above, the writer borrowed from his experience as
an Employment Counselor and interviewed each
man thoroughly. Our method enjoys a distinct
advantage over the Employment Agencies that you
may presently utilize. All of the information you
will receive from us will be verified information.
Vourwall not pe imrime: a. Rie im te simolce le amie
save you the expense and time of writing letters to
confirm information listed on applications. Fur-
ther, we make available to you as an Employer, all
derogatory facts pertaining to a man’s past, as well
as those which are complimentary. If we were in-
clined to use the phraseology of the “Ad-Men”, we
could say, “No other Employment Agency can make
that statement!”

You will notice that we have headed our article,
“Employer Needed!” You are very important to
us! A job is a necessary prerequisite of a Parole
Plan. If the Inmate, contemplating parole, does
not have a suitable Parole Plan he does not gain
his release. What comprises a suitable Parole Plan?
There are many factors involved in this procedure.
What constitutes a suitable Parole Plan for one,
may not be deemed suitable for another. That is
for the Parole Board to decide. However, I do know
that employment is a necessity. Therefore, Inmates
eligible for parole need the understanding and prot-
fered hand of assistance from Employers, before
they can once again become an integral part of so-
ciety.

One point I must emphasize. Men being re-
leased on parole have records that vary consider-
ably. Some have experienced years of difficulty
in adjusting to the accepted pattern of social be-
havior. However, regardless of the length of a
man’s criminal record, this is not indicative of his
future behavior. If you, as an Employer, were to
eall and ask us personally, “Which of these men
would you consider to be the best risk?”, we, in all
fairness, would then have to answer, “Both!” It is
an impossibility to predetermine the actions of any
man, whether he be a man with a criminal record,
or one without. Can you analyze and predict the
future of any man in your Company? You may be
able to point out the men most likely to succeed.
But, I have no doubts that there are men in prison
whose pictures in year books overlook the phrase,
“Most likely to succeed!” We can only refer you
to the figures we presented for your edification in
our last article; approximately 89% of the men
placed on Parole, year 1956, maintained an accepted
status in society. May I add that the percentage for
1957 was very nearly identical to this percentage.
This is amazing in view of the strict parole rules and
regulations these men are subject to. Allow us to
enlighten you as to some of the ‘“Don’ts” in the
Board of Parole Rules, Regulations and Conditions
Governing Parole.

1. You are required to have the written permission
of your Parole Agent before you may:

A. Leave the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
or the community to which you have been
paroled.

B. Change your residence or employment.

C. Possess or apply for a license to hunt or to
operate a motor vehicle or aircraft.

D. Get married.

2. You must support your dependents, if any, and
assume towards them all your moral and legal obli-
gations.

3. You should not drink whiskey, wine, beer, gin,
or any other beverage containing alcohol.

4. You will not associate with any person having
a criminal record, with any person of bad reputa-
tion, or with any other individual your Parole Agent
forbids you to associate with.

5. You must permit your Parole Agent to visit you
at your home and place of employment at any time.

These are a few of the regulations. They are
not in the order in which listed on the Rule Sheet,
but give you a general idea of the restrictions a
“parolee” lives under. Violation of one stipulation
may lead to the man being returned to prison for a
number of years. Although these rules restrict the
individual ‘parolee’ in his quest for a normal social
life, they are advantageous to the Employer. The
personal demeanor of his employee is under constant
supervision.

As I have previously mentioned, I interviewed
the above men personally, I was impressed with the
one thing they seem to have in common. That is
their apparent sincerity in wanting to become ac-
cepted members of society. The men who have
had the misfortune to run afoul of the laws of juris-
prudence for years on end, gave me the impression
that they had reached their individual “low”. AlI-
though they have experienced freedom from time
to time in the past, deep down inside, they realize
that they were not free at all. Many centuries ago,
Jesus told his disciples that real freedom comes as a
result of hving by the truth in all areas of life.
Through my personal observations, I believe that
these men have come to realize the meaning of real
freedom. I believe that they realize the obligations
one must accept to attain this goal.

We hope that one of the above men may be
utilized in your organization. We have one dis-
advantage in our program. Our men cannot come
to you for a personal interview. However, if you
would lke to come into our Institution and speak
with them,—you shall be made a most ‘welcome
guest. It only requires a telephone eall to Mr.
Edward A. Rufus, our Parole Officer, Po 5-1106, and
he shall be most willing to assist you in making the
necessary arrangements. Mr. Rufus shall also make
available for your information, the Criminal Record
of the man in whom you are interested, as well as
arrange for you to talk to members of our Staff
who have been associated with the man’s progress.
This information, of course, is available to prospec-
tive Employers only. (Information of this type is
considered confidential and is not issued promis-
cuously. )

A few months ago, we celebrated the 4th of
July. In our City is a hallowed shrine. The Lib-
erty Bell. This bell is enshrined in Independence
Hall. A symbol of liberty and freedom, it was fit-
tingly rung in July 1776, to proclaim the adoption
of the Declaration of Independence. This beloved
bell bears the inscription, “Proclaim liberty through-
out all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof.”
Mr. Employer, you have the unique opportunity of
ringing that-bell once again. It can be a proclama-
tion of lberty throughout this Institution unto all
the inhabitants thereof! Give the rope a lusty tug!

We are most anxious to hear from you. We
cannot overemphasize your importance to us.
