---
id: "273"
title: "Special Delivery"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SPECIAL DELIVERY
by JOSEPH J. CUFF

We call her ‘‘ Daughtie,’’ her name is JoAnn, but
she never answered to it. We called her Daughtie, or
went unanswered.

Becoming friends with her was easy. It’s im-
possible to believe that a girl could so change a home.
From the first day she arrived from the hospital in
her Mother’s arms, the entire atmosphere changed
around what had been a rather drab but well mean-
ing household. We soon learned that the shghtest
lapse into things either fanciful or childish sent her
scurrying. She had a habit of disappearing when-
ever she got bored or discomfited. But that did not
last long. She came to know and accept us . . .

I often wanted to write to you, you were the one
I wanted to talk to. You were the youngest. You
were the baby. Of course, you were too young to
understand, but I needed you as a conversational
ground wire. I wanted you to close the circut and
listen in. I’d know you were there even if you never
said a word . . .

Her merry laugh and her teasing cheered every-
one. Daughtie could spot a lonesome face anywhere ;
right away she would pull some trick to snap the
worse case of blues or loneliness back to laughter.
She could make a stranger feel the most welcome
person around. We used to love to tease Daughtie,
but she could take it with the best. Her babbling
replies were her snappy comeback . . .

That was how I found out how big you were in
my life. Why you dominated all my thoughts. If
something funny happened, I wanted to run and write
it to you, because I knew that once you used to laugh
at the things I did . . .

It was a pleasure to watch her in action — coming
into the house one day and sighting a pretty dull-
looking bunch of relatives, she just started walking
around on everybody’s toes until the whole place was
in an uproar.

She was perpetual motion — one moment rushing
to the front window to wave a greeting to a passing
neighbor, the next helping the mailman deliver his
bag of mail. She may be seen digging a splinter
from her little finger; writing a letter to her play-
mate, telling what she had seen; admiring a picture
in a magazine; finding a cookie she had hidden for
Joey, because he was hungry; rumpling her little,
lovely head as she starts for the ringing telephone —
and yet she was never too busy to stop and say ‘‘hello”
to anyone who seemed to need it . . .

It’s autumn now and I thought it would forget
to come. It hardly seems possible that there can be
autumn anywhere that you are not. Why, we even
had flower beds during the summer, packed away in
hard to find corners. There were violets heart-warm-
ing blue ones that simply begged to be plucked and
given to you. No one told them that you were so
far away and they wondered why I passed them by . . .

She was as gracious to the milkman as she was
to Reverend Vasquez, and all vied for her respect.
She could be a merry cutup or as dignified as a
matron at a tea table. Thirty inches high and
slender with sparkling brown eyes, she always looked
as cool and refreshing as a whiff of lavender no
matter what the temperature . . .

I feel as though I am a house haunted by familiar
scenes of long ago. By that I do not mean that I am
homesick; it is only that I want to remember what I
will be coming back home to . . . 

Try and describe her — you can’t; she’s a
composite picture of sis, sweetheart, mother, nurse,
cook, housekeeper and perfect hostess.

As an All-American girl, we are so proud of her
that we want others to share our appreciation, for
this is JoAnn Cuff.
