---
id: "274"
title: "Sports Galore"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0024.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Sports Galore
by JOSEPH McNEAIR

On July 4th, as early as 8 a.m., one looking out
toward the improved recreation field, would have
anticipated a big day in the making. Mr. T.H.
Graham, Director of Recreation, and his hastily se-
lected assistants—George “Obie” O’Brien, Joseph
Brown, Johnny Bowers and John Gilmore—were
making final preparations for the annual Field Day.

When Yard-Out was called, the field and the
bandstand were in readiness. The musicians ar-
rived along with the athletes a few minutes after
9am. While musicians were shaping their lips, ad-
justing fingers, and stretching goat and cowhide, the
track and field participants went into their calis-
thenics.

At 9:30 am., Mr. Graham announced over the
loudspeaker, “Activities will start with the orches-
tra playing the National Anthem.”

In the early morning sunshine, the participants
for the first event, The Sack Race, were called. There
were more sackers than sacks, so through the elim-
ination process, two heats were run.

1st Heat: 1st-David Croxton, 2nd-Leonard Mas-
sey.
2nd Heat: 1st-Billy Holmes, 2nd-Al Jenkins,
3rd-Frank Ray.
Finals: 1st-Al Jenkins, 2nd-Billy Holmes, 3rd-
David Croxton.

OTHER RESULTS

Three-Legged-Race Finals: Ist-Croxton and Jenk-
ins, 2nd-Holmes and Dick Johnson, 3rd-Mathew
Smith and Eddie Bland, 4th-Massey and Brumskill.

Fat-Man-Race Finals: 1st-Nylon Taylor (255), 2nd-
Arthur (283), 38rd-Williiam “Stumpy” Middleton
(251). Distance, 25 yards. Time, 10 sec. flat.

Wheelbarrow Race Finals: Ist-Jenkins and John-
son, 2nd-Croxton and Norman Pearson, 3rd-Holmes
and Brumskill, 4th-Ray Thompson and Eddie
Brooks. Piggy-Back-Race Finals: lst-Jenkins and
Johnson, 2nd-Frank Ray and Croxton, 3rd-Bernard
“Doe” Allen and Alvin “Shakey” Young, 4th-Stew-
art and Brooks.

Preceding the fifth event, intermission was an-
nounced. Athletes and spectators swarmed to the
bandstand and listened to the fine arrangements of
the Institution Orchestra, under the direction of Joe
Facio.

Musical Notes, arranged in various ways, seem
to have a magnetic influence over people in all walks
of life. Several weeks ago, Yours Truly noticed a
fellow walking about the yard. This fellow had
not been here too long at the time and if someone
had told me he was a magnificent tap dancer, I
probably would have said. “Baloney! Why, he
ean just about walk.” How wrong I would have
been. Clarence Barge, the fellow of mention, is real
great with his feet.

Another fellow who I had seen quite a few times
in the Hospital Block, his neck and shoulders in a
brace, caused me to think, “Gee, what a tough
break. He must have a broken neck.” One day,
I almost blindly walked into Don Weston (he of the
brace), narrowly avoiding him. I thought, “Had I
even brushed against him, I might have hurt him.”
But, here he was dancing the mambo, conga and
rock’n and roll’n with Hereules Butler and Chuck
Morris to the music of the Inmate Orchestra. If
the collision had occurred, he probably would have
apologized and asked me if I was hurt.

The final event of the morning was the 100-
Yard-Dash Eliminations. In the six heats, the fol-
lowing winners gained the finals: Jenkins, Brooks,
Johnson, Shakey Young, Croxton and Gardner.

With forty-five minutes remaining before lunch,
the music lovers again crowded ’round the band-
stand. Facio and his Boys played a few request
numbers causing the listeners to call for more, but
Facio declined. The musicians, with the exception
of Bill Shoonmaker, drummer, and William “Slick”
Matthews, guitarist, gathered their instruments and
departed for the morning.

With the drummer and guitarist remaining in
action, the music continued. Clarence Barge climbed
up on the platform and practically danced the taps
off his shoes. He danced until drenched with pres-
piration; only then did he cease and the remaining
musicians retired.

The appreciative gathering clamored for more.
Someone handed “Doc” Allen an old tub, Barge
came on with a bucket and, thus, exotic sound and
dancing by Weston, Butler and Morris continued
until Yard-In.

AFTERNOON HAPPENINGS

In the afternoon, the Hundred-Yard-Dash final-
ists were the first to toe the mark. Down a six-lane
track, the six runners came, straining every muscle
until one began to pull away .. . it was “Shaky”
Young. He broke the tape a good ten feet ahead
of Croxton, 3rd was Johnson, 4th-Jenkins, 5th-
Brooks and 6th-Gardner. Time 9.7:2.

Of twelve High-Jump contestants, Charles Ad-
derly proved the best. He won with a jump of 5
ft. 4in. Hook and Stewart tied for 2nd with marks
of 5 ft. 3 in.

The Shot-Put was also won by Adderly with a
toss of 39 ft. 3 in. Joseph Staley was 2nd with a
toss of 37 ft. 1-in., Croxton was 3rd at 36 ft. 4 in.
and Jones was 4th with a heave of 35 ft. 6 in.

The Broad-Jump was won by Richard Johnson
with a leap of 17 ft. 6 in. 2nd-Young Curry, 3rd-
William “The Turk” Baity, and 4th-“Doc” Allen.

Johnny Bowers, one of Mr. Graham’s assistants,
supervised the weightlifting events. Johnny, a
sports enthusiast and weightlifter of note, rates
credit for a “job well done.”

The Heavyweight Title was won by Willis
Giles who pressed 200 lb., cleaned-jerked 230 and
bench-pressed 300 lb. Joseph Ruda was 2nd with
a press of 180 lb., a clean-and-jerk of 230 and a
bench-press of 250 Ibs.

In the Middleweight Division, Robert McFar-
land was Ist, pressing 190 lbs., and lifts of 220 and
255 Ibs. in the clean-jerk and bench-press, respect-
ively. Billy Holmes was 2nd with lifts of 180, 215
and 180.

1st in the Lightweight Division was Edward
McCuff who pressed 165 Ib., cleaned-jerked 180 and
bench-pressed 200 Ibs. John Jason was 2nd with
lifts of 150,150 and: 165.

HANDBALL TOURNAMENT

This year’s Handball Tournament held more
spectator interest than that evidenced in the past.
There were forty contestants to start. When elim-
inations had been concluded, those remaining were
Al Jenkins, last year’s champ, John “The Bear”
Walker, Billy Holmes and Blackie Battles. The
ardent handball fans began to falter and doubt
their favorite’s chance of winning the championship,
especially when “The Bear” eliminated Billy
Holmes, a former Champ. But, alas, Battles elimin-
ated Walker, setting the stage for the final round.

In the championship finals, Battles and Jenkins
brought the crowd to its feet time and time again
with their sparkling play. The first game went to
Jenkins 11-9, the second to Battles 11-8 and the
third and deciding game to Jenkins, 11-5. The win-
ner and still champion, Al Jenkins.
