---
id: "275"
title: "A New Era in Sports"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0025.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
A New Era in Sports

by JOSEPH McNEAIR

With the demolition of the old machine shop,
a new era in sports has begun in ESP.

For the first time in the one-hundred-twenty-
nine-year history of “Cherry Hill,” outside competi-
tion in softball has come within these walls. Also .
original in our history, is the wearing of softball uni-
forms by our teams. These uniforms, caps and
jerseys, were purchased entirely through contribu-
tions of the inmate population.

HISTORY MAKING GAME

On July 12th, the “Cherry Hill Varsity Softball
Team, under the management of Mr. T. H. Graham,
Edueational Director, played host to the McGEE-
HAN SOFTBALL TEAM of Mayfair, Phila., a mem-
ber of the Philadelphia Tavern Association.

The Inmate Orchestra, assembled and set-up on
the roof of the tool shed, located in extreme center-
field, intoned the “Star Spangled Banner”, and so
began this historic game.

In the first inning, with George Kalvitis on the
mound for Cherry Hill, the visiting team took ad-
vantage of two walks and three stolen bases to pro-
duce one run.

Jack Wagner, pitching for the McGeehan Team,
set our All-Stars down 1-2-3 in the bottom of the
first.

In the top of the second inning, Kalvitis settled
down and found the plate with his pitches. No runs,
no hits, no errors.

In the home half of the second, the All-Stars
took advantage of a walk, a hit batsman, a single
and two stolen bases, producing two runs.

The McGeehanites got to Kalvitis in the 4th and
scored four runs. David Wilder came in to relieve
and retired the side.

In their half of the fourth, the All-Stars came
back and scored three times to tie the score at 5-5.

In the sixth inning the dark clouds, threatening
from the beginning of the game, became angry. The
rains came, causing the game to be halted. The fin-
al score, 5-5.

McGEEHAN'S
| Player         | ab | r | h | rbi |
| B. Manices (4) | 3  | 1 | 0 | 1   |
| F. Jerome (8)  | 4  | 2 | 2 | 1   |
| E. Hanagan (3) | 3  | 0 | 1 | 1   |
| L. Krop (2)    | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| J. Kisling (5) | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| B. Butts (9)   | 3  | 1 | 1 | 0   |
| C. McGreen (7) | 3  | 0 | 1 | 1   |
| Glowicki (6)   | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| J. Wagner (1)  | 3  | 1 | 2 | 1   |
| S. Showers (6) | 1  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| Totals         | 29 | 5 | 7 | 5   |

EASTERN STATE
| Player           | ab | r | h | rbi |
| J. Selby (9)     | 3  | 0 | 1 | 2   |
| E. Brown (4)     | 4  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| W. Conrey (7)    | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| W. Robinson (2)  | 2  | 1 | 0 | 0   |
| A. Heath (8)     | 1  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| J. Champ (3)     | 3  | 1 | 1 | 1   |
| Jake (5)         | 3  | 0 | 0 | 1   |
| C. Taylor (6)    | 2  | 1 | 0 | 0   |
| G. Kalvitis (1)  | 1  | 0 | 1 | 0   |
| W. Hallowell (8) | 2  | 1 | 1 | 0   |
| D. Wilder (1)    | 1  | 1 | 1 | 1   |
| Totals           | 25 | 5 | 5 | 5   |

UMPIRES: Jimmy Jackson, John Dilitka, Bob Segars and George
“Obie” O’Brien. SCOREKEEPER: Chuck Morris. ANNOUNCERS:
Philip Locke and Benny Watts. All-Star COACHES: Deacon Brown
and Dave Croxton. All-Star Asst. MGR.: John Gilmore.

VARSITY SOFTBALL

The Varsity team has been successful with their
campaign against outside competition. In the last
two games, they beat the Sons of Italy by scores of
5-4 and 6-4.
