---
id: "276"
title: "The Rookie League"
author: "Brown, Joseph"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0026.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Rookie League

First Half
Joseph Brown, Reporter

LYNX: Congratulations to a great team. This
club would not give up. With hustle and spirit
they were able to come from behind time after time
to win. To them, every game was the big game.
With pitching from Rooster and Tobin, batting from
old pros, such as Jimmy Jackson, Pigmeat, Locke
Peterson, White, Newton, Harris, Eddie, Kitchen
and Manager Dupree, it was small wonder the Lynx
took the First Half, after the Phillies had led the
league for almost the entire First Half. However,
the Second Half may tell another story. Hight of
this team’s players have gone to the big league.
Owner Dupree has come up with a new manager in
Joe Brown. It will prove interesting to see what he
ean do with the talent he still has in Capt. “Cookie”
Mintz, Harris, Dick, Kitchen, Eddie, Peterson and
Tommy MeCode. My prediction: Second Place.
Good Luck to the ex-Lynx, now in the big league.

ROCKETS: After going nowhere for almost the
whole First Half, the Rockets came on to take See-
ond Place under Manager Cleve Brown and Owner
Sidney. It was a fighting club—even amongst them-
selves. Weak in the pitching department, they were
able to acquire Bob Bolding, a real team player, who
with the aid of Barney Kelly—the little man with
the big bat—put the Rockets in Second Place. With
any help in the pitching to go along with that of
Bolding and continued hitting by Harry Taylor,
Denthead, Moore, Saw, Agnew, Dane, Cleve Brown
and Meadows, the rest of the league is.in for a shock
in the Second Half. My Choice: First Place.

PHILLIES: Are rebuilding. After getting off to
a good jump, they just didn’t have it to go all the
way in the First Half. This team had some of the
better ball players in the league but, very little hus-
tle.

With the Phillies under a new owner, Matthew
Smith and a new Manager in Gaylor Robison, along
with Capt. Bogardus, they should be a better club.
They have some very good hitters in Louis Weston,
Bogardus, Rabbi and Gaylor. Also on their roster
are Lowman, Freeman, Hill Billy and DeShields, all
imports from the big league.

Due to their weak pitching, I pick them for
Last Place.

CARDINALS: The Cards are all set and ready to
go. After rebuilding in the First Half, the team
looks better than any other in the league. They have
two very good pitchers in George Sanders and rook-
ie Mereek, who looks like big league material. This
is a new Cardinal team, with the exception of Her-
bert Elliot.

Like the Phils, the Cards have a new Owner
and Manager in the persons of Garnet and Haymen.
They took over when the team went into a tailspin,
from which they were unable to recover.

Herb, Wilins, Sanders, Grandy, Wallace, John-
ny, Jackson, Hook, Herman and Taylor are all good
The word around the league
is that the Cards are going up.

My choice: A tie for Second Place.

FINAL STANDINGS
| TEAM      | W  | L  | Pct. | G.B.   |
| Lynx      | 21 | 7  | .750 |        |
| Rockets   | 15 | 15 | .500 | 7      |
| Phillies  | 13 | 16 | .448 | 8 1/2  |
| Cardinals | 9  | 20 | .310 | 12 1/2 |

LEADING PITCHERS
| Player            | W  | L | Pct. |
| Cleve, Rockets    | 7  | 4 | .636 |
| Rooster, Lynx     | 10 | 3 | .769 |
| Tobin, Lynx       | 11 | 4 | .733 |
| Bolding, Rockets  | 5  | 3 | .625 |
| George, Cardinals | 3  | 3 | .500 |

TOP TEN BATTERS
| Player             | ab | h  | Pct. |
| Barney, Rockets    | 49 | 18 | .367 |
| Jackson, Lynx      | 66 | 23 | .358 |
| Rooster, Lynx      | 66 | 22 | .333 |
| Ricco, Cards       | 75 | 25 | .333 |
| Taylor, Rockets    | 68 | 21 | .309 |
| Newton, Lynx       | 63 | 19 | .302 |
| Joe Brown, Rockets | 54 | 16 | .296 |
| Champ, Cards       | 44 | 13 | .295 |
| Cleve, Rockets     | 80 | 23 | .288 |
| Louis, Phillies    | 70 | 19 | .271 |

HOME RUNS
Carl, Rockets-1, Newton, Lynx-1, Tobin, Lynx-1, Cleve, Reckets-1
and Joe Brown, Lynx-1.

The Commissioner, Jacob Merrill, who has the

RIGHT: A view of the im-
proved athletic field as seen
from a point overlooking the
area. Additional space made
available by the demolition of
the old Machine Shop (see
page 9), which was situated
in the right-field section and
occupied approximately one-
fifth of the playing area, en-
larged the field to one of
near-regulation size for soft-
ball or football, depending
upon the season.

added duties of Official Scorekeeper, is to be con-
geratulated for the fine job he has done. A vote of
thanks also to the three blind... I mean the three
Umpires, Haywood, Mickey and Dan, for the splen-
did job they did throughout the First Half.

Good Luck to “Big Jim” Ford, who now resides
in greener pastures.
