---
id: "277"
title: "The Cuban League"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0027.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Cuban League
by JOSEPH McNEAIR

It was brought to my attention that my last
report on the league was incomplete. For the bene-
fit of our outside subscribers, it was thought that I
should have explained why the managers of the
league were forced to stand idly by and watch the
newly arrived softball talent go to the Store-House
League.

In explanation: Before spring, the construc-
tion workers started demolishing the old machine
shop, which took up a large portion of the playing
field, and—when softball spring-training was to start
on April 1st—debris covered the recreation yard,
giving it the appearance of a permanent junk-yard.

A lot of the fellows who had been around a
while, doubting the possibility of the league opening
in 1958, went to the Storehouse, sometimes known as
the Rookie League. And as usual, the new fellows,
anxious to prove what they can do, followed.

On the evening of June 16, 1958, in spite of
doubting Thomases and impatient little boys, the
Rams and Faleons played—opening the 1958 Sea-
son.

Superintendent William J. Banmiller threw out
the first ball.

The opener was a thriller; a scoreless game until
the Falcons scored a run in the bottom of the fifth.
The Rams tallied the tying run in the top of the
sixth. The Falcon’s catcher missed a third strike
and Little MceNear beat the throw and then stole
second. The next two batters for the Rams popped
out. With two out and a man on second, “Pigmeat”
Perry hit a ringing double, scoring the man from
second to tie the game. The next batter went down
swinging to end the inning.

The Rams went down in order in the top of the
seventh. In the Birds’ half of the seventh, the first
man up rolled out to short. Next up, John Alex-
ander drew a walk, stole second and went to third
when Selby reached first on an error by the first
baseman. With one out, men on Ist and 3rd, John
“Jack the Bear’ Walker stepped up and punched
a single between first and second, scoring Alexander
with the winning run.

FALCONS
| Player           | ab | r | h | rbi |
| W. Cooper (9)    | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| W. Diggs (5)     | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| J. Mays (7)      | 3  | 0 | 1 | 0   |
| L. Wells (10)    | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| J. Alexander (2) | 2  | 2 | 1 | 0   |
| J. Selby (8)     | 2  | 0 | 0 | 1   |
| J. Walker (3)    | 3  | 0 | 2 | 1   |
| F. Ray (6)       | 2  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| T. Brawner (4)   | 2  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| J. McNeair (1)   | 2  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| Totals           | 25 | 2 | 4 | 2   |

RAMS
| Player        | ab | r | h | rbi |
| E. Brown (6)  | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| L. McNear (5) | 3  | 1 | 0 | 0   |
| Big Mack (4)  | 3  | 0 | 1 | 0   |
| Joe Champ (2) | 2  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| P. Perry (3)  | 3  | 0 | 3 | 1   |
| W. Samson (8) | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| P. Locke (7)  | 3  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| June Bug (9)  | 3  | 0 | 1 | 0   |
| D. Wilder (1) | 2  | 0 | 0 | 0   |
| A. LaRue (10) | 3  | 0 | 1 | 0   |
| Totals        | 28 | 1 | 6 | 1   |

Offical Score-Keeper: Chuck Morris

The loss of the first game of the season didn’t
faze the Rams’ confidence. They beat the Falcons
the next two games, taking the weekly series.

During the week of June 23, the Dodgers, full
of vinegar after taking two out of three from the
Giants, took three straight from the Rams. The
Giants then trounced the Falcons three times run-
ning. The following week, the Rams downed the
Giants three in a row and the Falcons upset the Dod-
gers in three straight games.

Before the Cuban League campaign began, the
Falcons’ owner: felt pretty sure that this was his
team’s year.

But, as of this date, and with the Falcons buried
deep in the cellar, he is telling his team-mates to
keep trying, “and if we can’t make the top, we can
continue to act as spoilers against the leading
teams.”

It was once thought that the Falcon’s greatest
weakness was in their field-generalship, managing
and pitching. But now, having obtained John Gil-
more aS Manager, electing James Fisher as Field-
Captain, and signing George Kalvitis and Lonnie
“Rooster” Matthews, two of the best pitchers in the
institution, the Falcons are still not a consistent,
winning team. Their real weakness—poor hitting
—remains the same with the team average now at
226.

Harry Cohen and his Dodgers feel pretty sure
of themselves. At this date they are leading the
league by 34 games.

According to Wheeler, the “Bums” are so good
that, Mr. Graham should disband the Varsity team
and let the Dodgers play the outside competition—
pretty egotistical, heh!

With Bobby Johnson behind the plate, Fred
“Runt” Jordan on the mound, Joe “Buzzard” Sad-
dler on 1b, Billy Hallowell— a first-class ballplayer
—on 2nd, “The Youngster”, John Wheeler that is,
in shortstop, Cohen holding down 8rd, James R.
McCarthy Smith in left, Curly Heath in center, Bill
Mumford in right and Big Keith in short-field; it is
a tough combination to beat. But not invincible.
George Tucker, Team Captain and Willie Wilson,
and Hubert McNeil are in reserve on the bench.

The Rams are in second place because they have
been able to beat the Giants and Falcons at will, but,
haven’t won a game from the Dodgers.

The “Hardheads” are mostly former baseball
players. Manager Dave Croxton, Captain Earl
Brown, James Mays, Joe Champ, Big Mack, W. Per-
ry, George O’Brien, Dave Wilder, Philip Locke, Al-
bert LaRue, Bill Conrey, John DeFelice, Robert
MeNeair and B. Holmes are all over thirty and have
been playing some type of ball for a number of
years, being fairly good athletes.

Individually their executions might not be too
timely but, as a team, they have enough know-how
to profit from other team’s mistakes.

The Giants are just about holding their own.
They are playing .500 ball, 7-7, but are not expected
to go anywhere. Their outstanding feat of the sea-
son is taking 5 out of 5 from the Falcons.

William Harvey, owner and manager, feels that
after signing Jacob R. Buck, an infielder and Leon-
ard Mahoffey, a windmill pitcher to go along with
the improved play of Joseph Simmon, Norman Pear-
son, Moses Taylor, Elwood Thompson, William
Baity, Charles Swift, Charles E. Whiting, William
O. Jones, Levi Jones, Bernard Allen and Karl Thorn-
ton, the team’s problem should be solved.

TEAM STANDINGS 
| Team    | W  | L | Pct. | G.B.  |
| Dodgers | 10 | 5 | .667 |       |
| Rams    | 7  | 6 | .538 | 2     |
| Giants  | 7  | 7 | .500 | 2 1/2 |
| Falcons | 4  | 9 | .308 | 5     |

LEADING PITCHERS
| Player           | W | L | Pct. |
| Jordan, Dodgers  | 8 | 5 | .615 |
| Wilder, Rams     | 6 | 4 | .600 |
| Rooster, Falcons | 4 | 4 | .500 |
| Big Joe, Giants  | 5 | 6 | .455 |

TOP TEN BATTERS
(30 times or more at bat)
| Players               | Pct. |
| W. Perry, Rams        | .475 |
| E. Brown, Rams        | .457 |
| J. Selby, Falcons     | .405 |
| A. Heath, Dodgers     | .400 |
| L. Jones, Giants      | .350 |
| A. Wesley, Rams       | .333 |
| J. Alexander, Dodgers | .333 |
| L. Keith, Dodgers     | .316 |
| B. Allen, Giants      | .313 |
| Big Mack, Rams        | .300 |
