---
id: "278"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness is Just a Dog Called SNOOPY
by JOSEPH J. CUFF

THE MAILMAN by TOM RUNYON

If an outsider asked me how he could best help
shige spuisome. leawoulds say. Wate maim: llelp
him get out if you can, but while you’re doing that,
write him.”

“Few things can help a prisoner’s morale more
than letters, tangible reminders that he has not
been completely forgotten, that he still ‘belongs’.
Perhaps his offense deserved bitter punishment. If
so, he’s getting that. Don’t make his load unbear-
able by forsaking him, by kicking him when he’s
down, unless you hate him completely.”

Today the state banishes men behind high stone
walls, but leaves loopholes in that exile; it allows
men to write and receive letters, and even to receive
visits from relatives. Without these loopholes, I
wonder how much the prison suicide rate would
climb.

So Mr. and Mrs. Outsider, if you feel kindly
toward some convict somewhere in his exile, write
to him. But not just on holidays. That's not 
enough. Better to “dummy up” entirely than to lift
the blanket of loneliness for just a moment, and to
drop its smothering folds about him once more by
forgetting him again. Chances are you have post-
age and time. He may only have time. Write to
him.

GIVE ME THE ANSWER

A departing inmate, was asked, “Do you think
prisons will ever change?”

He replied, “Prisons will change in the years to
come, as the outside world is changing. The people
are getting better ideas about prisons and prisoners
all the time. We will have better treatment staffs
to help the prisoner get and keep the right attitude,
and to keep the public informed as to the progress
that is being made. If people outside will continue
to learn more about prisoners’ characteristics, they
will be better equipped to help the man to take his
place in society.”

AWRIGHT KNOCK IT OFF

BIG BILL CONREY told me . . . "Of all the
things I’ve seen and heard in prison, nothing was
quite so startling as to be awakened in the middle of
the night by the sound of someone chomping down
on peanut brittle AND THE GUY WAS SIX
CELLS AWAY FROM ME.

RED CROSS BLOOD MOBILE

On July 2nd of this year, the Red Cross Blood
Mobile rolled into ESP, to receive donations of blood,
unfortunately we made a poor showing. Out of
804 men eligible to contribute, only 67 volunteered.
This 1s .088% of the eligible population.

ANOTHER PURPLE PEOPLE EATER???

To prove that nothing escapes SNOOPY. There
are some things you just gotta print. This one be-
longs to Dave Aikens. He came up with this
“Purple People Hater” riddle.

“What weighs 1000 pound, has four legs, is
yellow, and lives in a cage?”

Ok, here goes.

Two 500 pound canaries!!!

Don’t blame me.

PAUL GOFF THE SLIDE MAN

When it comes to playing a slide trom-
bone, Snoopy likes the playing style of PAUL GOFF.
Snoopy played dixieland jazz trumpet alongside of
Paul’s trombone in the “ECHOS.” Paul is develop-
ing a style of his own. His tone is clear and
mellow, and his execution is among the best. Paul
devotes all his time to practice, for he is determined
to master the trombone. Snoopy thinks he will.

WHY DONT THEY??

Obtain ice cream suitable for diabetics, so that
they may also enjoy this privilege.

Ease crowding in the visiting room. Allow the
same number of visitors to enter, but allow only
two visitors at the screen at the same time, one
sitting and one standing directly behind. No one
between seats, except children.

Have fresh milk sold through the commissary.
Ordering and delivering on the same basis as news-
papers.

Showers after evening yard out.

Allow the use of inmate photographs in the
ECHO.

Obtain a doughnut making machine.

Bake more pastry. This item has fallen off
considerably in the past few months.

WE APPRECIATE

The early call for yard out.
Evening movies.
Increased recreation area.
Outside competition for softball games.
Good outside entertainment.

EARL BROWN AND THE LITTLE GUY

"A lot of people,” says Earl Brown, “say it’s the
little things in life that really count. Could be
they’re right. Is there anyone happier than the
small boy who owns a wide-brimmed hat and two
toy guns?”

THIS I BELIEVE, by EARL BROGAN

Perhaps some day, people will come to realize
the power of love and understanding, and through
the realization, will find themselves armed with the
necessary weapons to conquer fear, frustration, neu-
rosis and all of those things which are definite fac-
tors in the causation of criminal behavior. Then
and then only, will the world become a better place
to live in, and hostilities between men will no longer
be harbored in the hearts of man.

SNOOPY SALUTES

We are proud to salute MR. JOHN V. KRATZ,
of W.T. Peck and Company, Phila. Pa. Here is the
story.

TOM FLANNERY, linotype operator, was
geranted a parole, unfortunately Tom had no job or
sponsor (parole plan) and had no one to turn to
for help. In desperation Tom wrote letter after
letter to prospective employers in the printing
trades. In a few days a reply was received from
Mr. Kratz. Mr. Kratz understood Tom’s problem
and although he, himself could not help, took the
liberty of forwarding Tom’s letter to a friend. Sure
enough the call for help was answered. Today Tom
Flannery is on the road to success. We have others
with a problem such as Tom had. We refer you to
the article “EMPLOYER NEEDED” by FRANK
TERRES, in this issue of the ECHO.
