---
id: "279"
title: "Around Our House"
author: 'McCULLEN, "Irish"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0029.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
AROUND OUR HOUSE
by “IRISH” McCULLEN

VAN GOGH vs ONE EAR

Padded down seven block the other day, and
was startled to see JOE BARANOWSKI standing
in front of a mirror with razor blade in hand con-
templating his ears. Developed that Baranowski
had read where Van Gogh had cut off one ear. Our
boy Joe figures, that if it would make him a better
artist, he’d be willing to cut off both ears, and may-
be a few toes to boot. Seriously though, J.B. has
made such excellent progress, that he has been asked
to submit a canvas for the Spring Art Exhibit at a
downtown gallery.

EXODUS IN ALL DIRECTIONS

This pup was down the kitchen the other day,
lapping up a saucer of java, and listening to the
philosophy of SAM “COFFEE” BALDWIN, when
he was almost trampled underfoot by a mad exo-
dus of coffee dunkers dispersing toward the neck.
Found out later, that MAJOR STOWELL, had pull-
ed a Pearl Harbor on the local chapter of Don
MeNeil’s breakfast club—by slipping in the back
way.

WHO'S A NEEDLE?

Is it true, that during a recent operation in the
hospital, one of the interns mistook WILLIE “THIN
MAN” SUTTON for a needle, and had eight stitches
in the patient before he found out his mistake?

HAIRCUT, SHAVE, SHAMPOO, ANYONE?

Sticking his whiskers out, Snoopy predicts that
“BLACKY” BATTLES, will be the officers’ barber
when HARRY CHAPASCO, makes it out. The kid
has the knack, and under the tutelage of the old
master “SABU”, should come into his own as a
shearing artist. Wonder what he’d charge for a
poodle cut?

HORSELESS SHOE CLUB

On the horse shoe court, back of nine block,
RONNIE BUNTS and “HOUND DOG” MILLER,
trying to dominate the court. EDDIE BROOKS
vows to unseat them, if JOHN ZAK will stop throw-
ing the shoes as though the horses were still wear-
ing them. That can’t be though, judging by the
way — "PINKY ANDREWS", WILLIE "LUMP"
WINTERS and FLIP FLEMING scoff up the chow,
the nag would have been hamburger long ago. Those
boy’s need their energy, what with JOHN DILITKA,
RUSS SHANK and JOHN STRANAHAN pitching
the shoes like demons, and BOB “HUTCH” HUTCH-
INSON and “JERSEY” LAWLER coming on
strong, the title of King Pitch, is up for grabs.
