---
id: "28"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Editor:
After reading Sterling B. James’ Rebuttal, EASTERN
ECHO, June, 1956, to Bobby Heinemann’s article on
Therapy, EASTERN ECHO, March, 1956, I feel he has
left many ECHO readers, as well as myself, in a quandary.
Being he has chosen to act as a critic on therapy, why
didn’t he attend several classes to better acquaint himself
with methods and procedures and results before attempting
to refute Heinemann’s article. James recommends educa-
tional and vocational classes with definite boldness. I
agree in part, but to whom do we give this difficult task
of handling those suffering from a nervous condition, drug
addiction, chronic alcoholism and men suffering with im-
pediments of speech, etc. School teachers are not qualified
to handle such cases, therefore, it is only logical reasoning
that these cases must be handled by the psychology depart-
ment. Ag one who voluntarily attends therapy classes,
my opinion of both articles would rate Heinemann’s as
that of the learned person, and James’ rebuttal as that of
the layman, as he has left much to be desired.

—Leonard D’Andrea

Dear Lennie
Our readers are entitled to their opinions and Rebuttal
was James’ opinion, and I might add, a courageous one.

To The Editor:
Sterling James in his article, Rebuttal, formed his
opinions on what I consider first impressions. He should
have taken into account the progress made by inmates in
the counseling program. If Sterling had observed the in-
mates before, during and after taking part in counseling,
he would then have withheld his own preconceptions and
permitted results in the participants themselves to provide
the basis for judgment.

—Nick DeMarco

Dear Nick:
Believe me, Nick, this is a wonderful subject as a
basis for debate and it’s difficult for me to remain neutral.
I’d like to jump into it too, with both feet. (Or perhaps
foot in mouth.)

Editor:
Somebody must have worked long and hard in producing
the June issue of the ECHO. What a tremendous improve-
ment over the previous issue, which was only the first! I
thought the first issue was O. K. but not up to E.S.P.
potential, and now you have confirmed this contention.
Every page has magnetic attraction - - really a swell layout.

Thanks for accepting my article, also. It was good to
see my own thoughts in legitimate print uncensored or
edited. Such fairness gives me strong incentive to write
again — in fact I’m up to my ears in study and research
in an effort to produce something of general interest.

A little sprinkle of Chanel #5 on the Art Staff, too, —
real pro!

—L. J. Biancone

Dear Lou:
The entire staff gathered together and read your letter
in a group. We bowed to one another and blushed prettily.
Thanx.

Dear Sir:
I would like to congratulate the entire staff of the
magazine for the courage and ability it took for them to
put together the ECHO. It is well-written and is appro-
priate for the times. My only regret is that I am not
permitted to send copies to members of my family.
—Edward McGrath

Dear Ed:
We are knocking on every door trying to get permission
to send copies to our families and/or friends. We hope
this permission will be forthcoming in time for our next
issue.

Dear Mr. Corvi:
My hearty congratulations on the success of EASTERN
ECHO. You and the men responsible for its success must
feel deeply gratified at the results.

To find such excellent writing .. art work... printing
and makeup in your first efforts makes me look forward
eagerly to the next issues.

Your magazine has poked some good sized ‘‘ Windows
in the Wall’’ and I can see all your friends, old and new,
looking in to say ... . ‘‘Howdy, and good luck.’’

Sincerely,
—Dorothy W. Scheer

Dear Mrs. Scheer:
I have noticed your name many times in the PRESIDIO
and waited anxiously your reactions to our first efforts. We
are proud to reply that we have received congratulations
from many new friends whom we hope will become old and
dear friends.

Music Editor:
Congratulations on your fine article in the June edition
of EASTERN ECHO. It was really a superb job of report-
ing and the layout was excellent.

Thanks a ‘‘zillion’’ for the wonderful and enlightening
write-up on our Music Director, Mr. HE. Parke Brown,
Assistant Orchestra Leader Joe (Blow the Man Down) Fatio
and yours trully. Your research work was great, with one
exception; that concerning the origin of the Church Band.
T would like to straighten the records on the organizing of
the first Church Band started at E.S.P. That honor and
all eredit must go to a Mr. Arthur ‘Muscles’ Ward (C-8655).
For it was his brilliant idea and his hard work in rounding
up the fellows and bringing them together as a unit that
really got the outfit off on a great career. I was asked if
I would lead the group, for which I am ever thankful, and
gladly did I aecept. Our Chaplain, Rev. Gorden Reynolds,
was the person behind the present Church Band, as it was
his guiding hand that got us a decent place in which to
practice. Through the years the aggregation has been a
rea] credit to the Musical Field and at this point I do
want to thank all the members, past and present, who
have contributed their time and talent in making the
group a successful one.

Your selection, in Special Award, in my opinion was
tops. Please add my vote to a well-deserving, up-and-
coming, #1 musician, John Wheeler. And Mr. Editor,
how about a vote or two in Honorable Mention for our
boy, Lead Trumpet, Little Turk. (W. B.) ?Also a plug or
two for the Church Band members for the wonderful work,
musically, they are contributing to our Sunday Church
Services.

Again let me say, THANKS, for a great write-up on
the principals who front their respective aggregations.
And may your future columns or page be just as interesting
or more so, if that is possible.

Yours on the Down Beat,
—Jimmie Jackson
Asst. Bandleader

Dear Jim:
Thank you, J. J., for your kind letter. My source of
information in regard to the Church Band’s founder was
erroneous. I like to give credit where credit is due. Glad
you straightened us out on it. As you know, W. W. pulls
some clinkers, too. I’ll try to follow through on your other
suggestions also. Your letter made my efforts to write
the column worth while.

A. R. Music Editor
