---
id: "280"
title: "The Poetry Page"
author: "BURCH, Jesse"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0030.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
The Poetry Page
by JESSE BURCH

In reply to so many wonderful congratulatory
letters, and word-of-mouth messages, received by this
editor, I thought it only proper to take time and space
to thank you, and explain, if I may, about the poetry
corner of our magazine.

In sending my thanks to you, I feel sure that
along with it goes a multitude in accompaniment in
the same amount of gratitude. You see, each poem
written in past issues, although written in the first
person mode, aside from personal experience, were
taken from the observation of those about me. The
moods and actions of each man is a poem in itself.

“THE STORM” was written with a personal
slant, although I’m sure it spoke for many of us here.
So, it could not possibly be a personal thing entirely.
Songs are written by one person and fit so many,
that is the idea behind this page.

Your appreciation and encouraging remarks are
spread over our entire population. There are many
here that have stood before their ‘barred and granite
windows’ silently erying into the dark of night for
that understanding that is as elusive as wood smoke
in the wind.

What do your letters mean to us? No doubt you
recall the felon that cried out at the crucifixion,
‘‘Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy
kingdom.” Your words let us know that you have
not forgotten that we are human.

Each article, story, joke, etc. is an expression of
the entire inmate body in one way or another. So
it is with this page. Your messages, whether written
or verbal, is proof solid and substantial that, that
bridge of understanding we started long ago is
nearing completion, which is very gratifying, indeed.

Tempered with tolerance from you and strong
effort put behind constructive ideas on our part, the
building of ‘The Bridge of Understanding’ will go
on with renewed vitality.

So, for the many hopeful men here at Hastern,
may I return, in like manner a most sincere thank
you from all of us to all of you, for your kind
recognition and thoughtfulness.

Music and Song

We would be selfish, if we never thanked you
For the helpful words you freely send along
Exchanges of these never ending ‘Thank you’s’
Is like music, to the poetry of song.

Let us always be assured without wonder
That you stand behind our progress massed and strong
Let the building of ‘our bridge’ ring out like thunder
Of the drums in the music of our song.

When that “BRIDGE OF UNDERSTANDING”? is completed
And we both can reason clearly, over wrongs
Then the poetry, need no longer be repeated
Just a clear and ringing melody of songs.
