---
id: "281"
title: "Looking Toward The Superintendent's Desk and Cage Two"
author: "Sleighter, Glenn"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0031.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Looking Toward
The Superintendent’s Desk
and Cage Two

by GLENN SLEIGHTER,
Chairman of Church Council

In reviewing some of the thoughts expressed
on the Superintendent’s and Editor’s pages; I find
a trend that seemingly implies that rehabilitation
comes when a person develops self-confidence and
other so called man-made qualities.

If we look closely at those comments; it becomes
astonishingly clear that the most important factors
pertaining to man’s life are missing. These missing
factors are “Faith in God” and “Knowledge of His
Teachings”.

Man, regardless of his position in life, cannot
eliminate the ills mentioned on the Superintendent’s
page in the Spring of 758 issue of Echo. This par-
ticular article ends with direction in man’s life as
being the rub.

Take time for thought as to where good honest
direction can be obtained. There is really only one
honest answer. If we will submit our lives, which
include heart knowledge and not just head know-
ledge, to God and let Him be master of them; re-
habilitation will become complete through faith,
and feeding upon the word of God and obeying the —
teachings of our Lord.

Man’s self-confidence, at best, is weak if he has
nothing upon which to base it. The foundation for
this must come from God. Any other source is
bound to deceive us when a positive solution con-
fronts us.

While reviewing the August ’58 issue of THE
MENTOR, published in South Walpole, Mass. I
found they are constructing, what they call a “Hu-
man Cold Storage Plant”. This is the term they
apply to their new maximum-security building. It
is also noted, that this is a far cry from the stated
purpose of modern penology. A similar type of
maximum-security block is under construction here
at ESP, while we still have a make-shift arrange-
ment for worship and other christian purposes.

This writer does not condone wrong; but since
it is so prevalent, he would like to see corrective
measures taken to point men to the real source of
good direction. J have yet to hear of one institu-
tional court referring their subject to a christian
leader of his faith for guidance.

In considering hatred for authority; I believe
this is largely due, not to the idea of authority in its
honest light; but primarily because of the dishon-
esty contained therein on the part of those seeking
to keep skeletons away from the neighbor’s view,
or for political expediency.

Time after time, we read of miscarriages of
justice, which have caused innocent persons to suffer
years of incarceration. On numerous occasions our
judicial systems admit they have passed judgment
against a person’s life erroneously.

When flagrant disregard of proper procedures
on the part of law enforcement officers of this com-
monwealth, made it necessary for the Justice Depart-
ment to issue a special ruling (No. 121) to avert in-
justices; isn’t it time that society awakens to some of
the evils that cause hatred of abused authority?

What does the oath of an infidel mean when he
takes the witness stand against you or I? He has
no God to swear before.

We are hearing the out-cry on the subject of
juvenile delinquency. This is indeed a sad situa-
tion in this great land of ours; but do we stop to
consider some of the real causes for disrespect to-
ward law enforcement?

In view of the above ciruemstanees, isn’t it very
possible that hatred for authority and disrespect of
the law will develop in the minds of juveniles, among
whom there has been no spiritual training?

It is respectfully suggested that more fervent
thought, in line with our respective faith, could help
alleviate in all of us, some of the ills, as noted on
pages 2 and 3, of the Spring 758 issue of the Echo.

Prayer to God in faith believing availeth great
things to mankind. No man can serve two masters.
Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and His right-
eousness; and all these thines shall be added unto
you.

What better goal, than sincere spiritual rehabili-
tation can we strive for?
