---
id: "283"
title: "The Visiting Room"
author: "Penal Press Reprint"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0033.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE VISITING ROOM

The absence of heavy screens or plate glass partitions with
speaking tubes, delicious and plentiful box lunches at a nom-
inal fee, a sole polite and considerate supervising officer, com-
fortable stuffed wicker furniture in a light, airy and completely
relaxed atmosphere; this is the visiting room at Terre Haute.

Many men can recall instances while in other institutions
or county jails when a visit was far from a happy cccasion be-
cause of the difficulty in being heard, in some cases seen—due
tc heavy grills, tiny partitioned cubicles, congestion, etc.—and
usually unnecessary hardships afforded their visitors. Unfor-
tunately, institutions do exist that while not actually discourag-
ing visits, do merely go through the motions of tolerating them.

It has long been known to progressive penologists that a
great moralizing facter to a man in confinement is the oppor-
tunity of visiting with his loved ones in relaxed and pleasant
surroundings. However brief the visits might seem to the in-
mate, his next few days are happy ones when he recalls the
welccme diversion from the otherwise drab routine of everyday
prison life.

A visit is contact with the outside world; it’s a sign of
affection; that someone cares enough to make the oftentimes
troublesome journey to the institution. A visit tells him that he
is no longer alone—alone in a world of hopes; dreams and
anxieties.

—THE TERRESCOPE, Terre Haute, Indiana

EDITORS NOTE: The plans for a new visiting room here at
ESP are in the making. Why not incorporate some of the ideas
of Terre Haute, Indiana, into them. Sounds good.
