---
id: "284"
title: "A Little Whiffenpoof"
author: "Cullen, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Little Whiffenpoof
by ROBERT F. CULLEN

It happens that I am sitting in Ray’s Bar one night
when who should come walking through the
door but “Sure Thing” Freddy.

Now the last time I see Freddy I am in Florida
trying to make a few bucks at the track. Unfortu-
nately I do not have a winning way and it appears
I will have to make it back to Philadelphia courtesy
of a boxear.

Luckily, as I say, I run into Freddy and he is
touched by my plight to the extent of a tenspot and
the name of a horse which is a sure thing. It is
from his way of prophesying the winner in all man-
ner of contests that Freddy acquires the name “Sure
Thing,” although there are those who would have
you believe that Fred is not above slipping various
people a few bills in order to insure the accuracy of
his prognostications.

However, to get back to the present, as Freddy
comes into Ray’s I can see that he is more than
somewhat in his cups. This is a shocking thing as
I cannot recall anyone seeing him take more than
a beer or two and then only in the way of social
affairs.

Since I am not one to disregard people just be-
cause they are under the weather I give him a big
hello and assist him to the stool next to mine.

"Thank you," Sure Thing hiccups, "And I
hope you will excuse my present condition.”

“Why that is all right,” I reply. “I myself am
not above getting a good feeling every once in a
while.”

At this Fred shakes his head. “It is not be-
cause I wish to feel good that I imbibe so freely,”
he says. “It is all because of an incident in youth
and I am trying to forget.”

“Well,” I tell Freddy, “I hear it is even money
that if you can get someone to listen to your troubles
they will soon be forgotten. Since I owe you a
favor and I am doing nothing at the present I will
be more than glad to hear you out.”

With that Sure Thing orders two more drinks,
and here is the story as he tells it to me.

It seems that when Freddy is a youth he does
not have the wisdom he now possesses and in order to
obtain the pocket money necessary for food, shelter,
and playing the numbers, he resorts to such antics
as are frowned upon by the law. Finally, he is
somewhat embarrassed to be found cleaning up a
place of business. The reason for the blushing is
because not only does the store not belong to him,
but it is in the early hours of the morning when he
has absolutely no business whatsoever being in the
establishment.

Not having any connections at the time Freddy
soon finds himself doing five-to-ten in a very high-
walled place in the country. Having no particular
desire to spend any amount of time in a cell, he
promptly starts to make plans to leave by somewhat
illegal means.

As I say, Freddy has no connections and there-
fore no one who can provide clothes or a car for
him, and what with the prison uniform having more
than a fair number of stripes it would not be very
wise thing for him to walk down the street in it.

“So,” Sure Thing continues, “I get hold of an
extra uniform and what with needles and thread, I
start to make me a suit.”

Lacking a pattern to go by, Freddy draws one
of his own. This is not too hard a thing to do as he
seems to have a flair for designing clothes.

Then he proceeds to dye the suit with ink that
he purchased through the commissary over a number
of months. Also for a side effect he makes a brief-
ease out of heavy black cardboard and when he
completes his preparations he looks quite like
a hustling salesman, the kind that are seen walking
all over any city, which is just what Freddy wishes.

The rest is quite easy, for it seems that great
faith is placed in the heighth of the walls surround-
ing the institution, and the tower guard spends
more time thinking of his ever lovin’ than he does
watching for anyone trying to make like an Otis
elevator.

Anyways, one dark night Sure Thing makes
his bid and inside of a short time is wending his
way toward the nearest city that has a railroad.
Being fairly shrewd, however, he figures to lie out-
side the suburbs for a few hours until daylight as he
does not want to attract any attention wandering
through the streets at such an early hour.

Since it is summertime and the grass is long it
is not such a hardship lying down waiting for the
dawn, although the grass is a little damp from the
morning dew. After a while the sun comes out to
do its number, and Sure Thing starts for the center
of the city.

He is not too worried about the local John Law,
as he figures they will be looking for someone re-
sembling a Zebra, and the prison could not have
gotten a picture of him distributed in such a short
time. So when he sees a cop turning the corner and
heading his way he does not make like Ron Delaney
as his feet wish him to do. In fact as the law ap-
proaches, Fred gives him a nod and “Good morning.”

The cop replies in kind and although he gives
him a more than somewhat glance, passes on.
Freddy is inwardly congratulating himself when he
feels the heavy hand on his shoulder. Turning, it
is as he fears, the cop he just passes.

Since the John is more than somewhat young
and healthly and is also holding what appears to be
an outsized cannon in his other fist, Sure Thing de-
cides it would not be wise to try and take it on the
2:10.

So it is not more than a few hours Freddy finds
himself reposing in the solitude of his own cell again.

“Why, that is a tough break indeed,” I say to
Fred. “Although from what you tell me I cannot
see how any hick cop can possibly spot you for an
escaped con.”

“That is the same question that I ask myself,”
Freddy groans, “and it is not until I get back to the
prison and take off my clothes that I see what
happens. It seems that when I lie down to rest out-
side the city the dew on the grass causes the ink
on my suit to run, and while from the front I look
like a Fuller brush man, from the rear I resemble
nothing so much as venetian blinds with legs.”

“But, it is not getting caught,” Fred continues,
that makes me feel so bad, as I accept that as part
of the risk I take: But, it happens that this morning
I am walking down Chestnut Street, when a limou-
sine pulls up alongside of me, and who steps out but
that cop that puts the arm on me that black day.
He is somewhat older and a little heavier but I
recognize him at the same time he does me.”

“I am surprised at the big hearty hello he gives
me and waste no time in telling him so. At that he
looks a little grieved and tells me that he is sorry
he causes my trouble especially as it is because of
me he is so well off.”

“Naturally this startles me more than somewhat,
and I ask him would he kindly explain a bit as I
cannot reeall ever giving him a sum of money that
would enable him to drive around in limousines
and dress as well as he appears to be. Of course it
may be that he decides to follow my example and
eoes on the other side of the law.”

“He hastily assures me that this is not the case
but it is because of my talent that he becomes so
wealthy. For it seems that as he turns the corner
the day he busts me, the first thing he notices is
the cut of my suit. The reason being that his fut-
ure-in-laws are in the business of manufacturing
men’s suits and he is studying nights to be a de-
signer himself.”

“The suit I make must more than strike his
fancy because he finally gets his father-in-law’s
approval to make a few up, and while the suit does
not catch on for a number of years, my talent is
finally recognized, and believe it or not has swept
colleges all over the country.”

“Why Freddy," I say. "You mean that . . . . "

“Yes," Fred interrupts, "it is not at Yale,"
Harvard, or Dartmouth, but at the State Prison, is
born the suit that is now known as the “Ivy League.”
