---
id: "286"
title: "Kingsley Cookson and His Teenagers"
author: "DENNIS, Theodore J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "3"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1958_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Kingsley Cookson and his Teenagers
by THEODORE J. DENNIS and THOMAS WILLIAMS

As we, the inmates, assembled in the yard await-
ing the arrival of entertainers which we neither
knew, nor had any knowledge of, we noticed a
small, lone boy, regaled in a straw hat, swinging a
cane and carrying a bulky briefcase, walking brisk-
ly toward the makeshift stage.

He looked to be about eight years of age. A
few thought he was a midget, while others knew he
was only a teen-age boy, others thought it was some
kind of a prank. There was a brief moment of
restlessness among us, as we tried to make up our
minds, whether to remain or leave for our usual
past-times of checkers, softball, dominoes, or our
own little group for a bull session. However, out
of courtesy and curiosity we decided to linger
awhile. As the small teen-ager, calm, umperturbed
and completely oblivious of the novelty of his en-
vironment, opened his brief case, took out his notes,
and engaged in conversation with two officials and
the inmate musicians. He was so serious. We
waited, watching, and not being able to hear, some
of us thought he may be debating his income tax
form.

As he carried on his discussion, the rest of his
group arrived. Among them were Sandra Boswell,
a gorgeous, artistic acrobat; Dotty Butler, a dazz-
ling baton twirler; A nattily dressed cowboy who
composed and sang the traditional songs of the cow-
puncher; The Speaker Sisters, two blooming young
sisters, who gave out with some very fine duets;
Donald Wytoski, an impressive accordianist. Last
but not the least, came the little doll who stole the
entire show, Little Felicia, a true trouper and so
doll-like, a la Shirley Temple.

What we, the inmates, did not know, was that
the teen-age boy in the straw hat, was twelve years
old. Business manager and M.C. of the group. He,
Kingsley Cookson, had personally made all the
arrangements with the institution for the show.

When he mounted the stage, he looked like a
timid soldier on a beach head, but as he introduced
the opening of the show, and performed a profes-
sional soft shoe dance, he grew and grew, until he
took on the appearance of a mighty giant.

While the show progressed, the entire inmate
body relaxed, burrowed in their places, forgot their
usual past-times and stayed.

A true appreciation was shown by the standing
ovations time and time again.

It was noticeable to all, that a great deal of time
and effort was expended by these young people to
make the evening a happy one for all. The ovations
received, truly justified the old cliche, “their efforts
were not in vain.”

Outstanding as we stated, was little seven-year-
old Felicia, as she danced and sang her way into
the hearts of all. Attired in a pink dress, her brown
tresses, complete with matching bow, she was every
inch a “grand little trouper.” Her rendition of,
“The Banjo’s Back in Town,” was made with such
mature poise, injected with a childish quality that
made it especially appealing. The hushed whispers
spoke praises and admiration for this talented young
lady. Her destiny in life are not for us to prophe-
sy, yet hopes of future greatness is wished by all
of us who’s hearts she stole and gladdened by her
inspiring performance. :

A highlight of the evening was our Super-
intendent, Mr. Banmiller, who, after praising,
and kissing little Felicia on the cheek exclaimed,
“There’s a little ham in every man.” This under-
statement was welcomed by a wide round of laugh-
ter and applause.

We cannot bestow enough thanks and praise up-
on the persons who participated in and made these
programs possible. On behalf of the hundreds of
men that were and are being inspired by these
entertaining personalities, we sincerely say, “GOD
BLESS YOU AND BE WITH YOU WHERE EVER
YOU GO.
