---
id: "293"
title: "Contents"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo
Vol. 3   Spring of 58   No. 1

Joseph J. Cuff, Editor
Robert D. Heinemann, Editor Emeritus 
James Morrison, Managing Editor
Norman G. Hilliker, Feature Editor
Henry Myers, Sports Editor 
Joseph McNeair, Asst. Sports Editor
Jesse Burch, Poetry Editor
Paul Delehanty, Asst. Makeup Editor 
Bernard Jacobs, Exchange Editor
Walter Stepper and John Greco, Photographers

Artists: Robert F. Cullen, William Wright, Robert Yurkin. Writers: William Conrey,
Nicholas B. Harper, Theodore J. Dennis, Binford H. Smith. Advisors: Leo McMahon,
Heary Gatens, Joe Brown, Dave Howard.

CONTENTS

STORIES    CHANCE ENCOUNTER                     William Cressman  18
           FLIGHT TO VALHALLA                     Joseph J. Cuff  26
           THE WAR WE LOST        Henry Myers and William Conrey  32
           HUMOR HILL                         Norman G. Hilliker  29

ARTICLES   BEHOLD THE CRIMINAL ... MAN         Sterling B. James  12
           WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?   Binford H. Smith  34

FEATURES   FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT’S DESK   William J. Banmiller   2
           CAGE TWO                               Joseph J. Cuff   8
           DOT SCHEER HONORED                   William Cressman   5
           QUOTING DOROTHY SCHEER                                  6
           "AS I SEE IT"                            Charles Shaw   7
           PROFILE                           Robert D. Heinemann   8
           ECHO IN RETROSPECT                Robert D. Heinemann  14

RELIGION   FAREWELL AND IMPRESSIONS          Rev. John J. McHugh  30
           THAT YE MIGHT HAVE LIFE          Rev. Gordon Reynolds  30

SPORTS     FOOTBALL REVIEW                            Hank Myers  20
           BASKETBALL FIVE                       Joseph MecNeair  21
           SPORTS SCENES                                          22
           BASEBALL PREDICTIONS                                   23

ALSO       CONVERSATION                           Bernard Jacobs  10
           DETAINERS AND YOU                                      11
           FOR THE ECHO RECORD                                    11
           SNOOPY                                 Joseph J. Cuff  24
           POETRY                                    Jesse Burch  31
           INTRA MUROS                        Norman G. Hilliker  35
           THE EASTERN ECHO MAIL BAG                              36

           COVER BY MORRISON AND WRIGHT

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
George M. Leader, Governor 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Thomas D. McBride, Attorney General
BUREAU OF CORRECTION
Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner — Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY 
William J. Banmiller, Superintendent

THE EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary
at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, It’s editors, or the institution itself, cannot be held responsible
for plagiarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.

Dear Reader:

We invite you to read
along with us as we go
through this issue of
ECHO. We have tried
to make it somewhat
DIFFERENT . . . New
stories . . . New articles
. . . New authors . . .
Newsy and informative,
yet gratifying and real
. . . Controversial, yet
not offensive.

Let us begin on P-2,
where Superintendent
Banmiller lists five
plagues that affect hu-
manity. Study number
three carefully, “Hatred
Between Man and Man”
. . . Cage Two gives us
an answer . . . P-5,-6,
reveals the human kind-
ness that is within the
heart of one woman, Mrs.
Dorothy Scheer . . . On
P-7, Charles Shaw, radio
and television news ed-
itor of WCAU, Phila-
delphia, Penna., reveals
his thoughts as quoted
from his radio program,
"As I See It."

P-12 contains “Behold
the Criminal... Man,
a powerful and thought
provoking article by
Sterling B. James. 
A newcomer to ECHO,
Binford H. Smith, P-34,
asks a timely question,
"What Are You Going
To Do About It?”

In the final analysis,
on P-14, “Echo in Retro-
spect,” we present former
editor, Robert D. Heine-
mann, now Editor Emeri-
tus. R. D. H. reviews
ECHO from its birth to
its present day and its
acceptance as one of our
foremost Penal Press
Publications. We believe
this will be the farewell
piece by R. D. H.

Humor, pathos, mys-
tery and satire are abun-
dant in stories by new-
comers Cuff, Myers, Hil-
liker and Conrey, along
with veteran ECHO con-
tributor Cressman.

You, the readers, are
the judges of this, our
Spring of ’58 issue.

COVER

Our Ambassadors,
some 2000 strong, go
forth hoping to be of
interest to those who
would be interested.
