---
id: "294"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "Banmiller, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Superintendent's Desk:

Does a man dare to pause and reflect on himself ... his actions .. . and just where he
is going in life ?

Some years ago I read a fine book—written in 1920—that | treasure highly. It was written
by a former Solicitor General of the United States—an honorary bencher of the renowned
Gray's Inn, a hallowed name in English law. You begin to realize in reading such
literature how far we have drifted from the norm. Social laws, which mark restraints of
print, speech, and dress, have been increasingly disregarded in recent years.

The very foundations of family, Church, and State... have been shaken. Nature
itself is defiled! The very fundamental difference of sex is disregarded by social and
political movements, which ignore the permanent differentiation of social function ordained
by nature.

All the experience of the ages is disregarded and the human mind regards the lessons of
the past presumptively false.

Five plagues are now afflicting humanity:

1. Gross materialism.

2. Abnormal aversion to work.

3. Hatred between man and man.

4. The unprecedented challenge to authority.

5. Excessive thirst for pleasure as the great aim in life.

Work for work’s sake, a most commendable privilege of human faculties, has gone. Given
an aversion to work, the less a man does the less he wants to do. A great evil of today
is this dislike for work. We observe this about us everywhere—drifting . . . killing
time .. . non-occupation of hands and brain. The man who does an honest day's work feels
much better mentally and physically. He does not have to rely on pills to relax himself—
PILLS, the temporary flight from reality. How long can it last? There is a day of
reckoning. If one disputes these remarks... he is wiser than the greatest minds of
civilization! What a sordid Vanity Fair is our modern civilization . . .

Multiplicity of laws does not tend to develop a law-abiding spirit. Can we appeal to law
to curb evils that are best left to individual conscience ? | think not. All but children
and the insane should be able to distinguish between right and wrong—good and bad. The
intellect properly trained guides us; the will directs us—the direction?—"Aye, there’s
the rub.”

Superintendent
