---
id: "297"
title: "Quoting Dorothy Scheer"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Quoting Dorothy Scheer

On Receiving Her Penal Press Award

“The Award that HASTERN ECHO and mem-
bers of the Penal Press gave me at your Penal Press
Jubilee moved me more deeply than anything I
have ever experienced. There was no way to tell
you of the joy Ii felt, or how grateful I was for
your kindness.

“The parade of posters naming the members
of the Penal Press across the front of the auditorium
showed the wide extent of our Penal Press Associa-
tion. Most dear to me was hearing the voices of my
friends of the Penal Press speaking to me from
everywhere, just as if we were all together in that
room at that hour. It may be the first time that we
were all gathered together at one time and in one
place. If we could meet at the Jubilee, we can meet
again in the same way.

“I feel that the Award granted to me is not
only for me as a person, but is a symbol of apprecia-
tion to friends of prisoners everywhere. I would
like to accept it in their name. I hold my new title
with appreciation and respect. Mrs. Public Rela-
tions of the Penal Press wishes to express her deep
and sincere thanks to the writers of EASTERN
ECHO and to Penal Press writers everywhere.”

-From a letter to former editor, R.D.H.

On the Battle of the Bridge of Understanding

‘‘Prisoners and public are not at war with each
other. The enemy is ignorance—lack of communi-
cation—the wall.

“Fear put up the wall centuries ago. Love
knows it has done no good and is trying to tear it
down.

“The wall has done its work so well that the
public has come to have a stereotype as false and
unpleasant as the prisoner.

“You keep insistently shouting over the wall—
"Prisoners are people ...’’ and we have to keep
shouting back just as insistently, ‘‘Public are people,
too."

“Anyone who talks to individuals and groups
today about prisoners discovers a growing citizen
interest. There is a hunger everywhere for infor-
mation, and a desire to be friends with men and
women behind walls.

"Public relations polls also show this to be true.

“The Penal Press has opened up windows in
the walls, and now it is opening doors so that pris-
oners and public can become friends in participa-
tion programs.’’

-via ATLANTIAN, Summer-Fall 1957

On Citizen Participation

"... you have many friends outside the wall if
you will only attract their attention. Speak to them
through the Penal Press, and call them into the
prison one by one to inform them of what they
should know. It requires much information to or-
ganize and go to work.

“You must be as specific as possible. There is
a special knowledge that must be learned before un-
trained workers can go to work.

“It will also require patience and guidance in
training citizens to help you. They will not come to
you in the perfect state. Teach them what they
should know before you judge their capacities.

“Outside citizens can act as sparks to help make
things go. They can interpret your needs to the
larger groups of the community where you are still
members. They can explain the philosophy of cor-
rective training. They can stir up citizens interest
in good legislation, and mould public opinion to
support the right purposes.’’

-via ATLANTIAN, Summer-Fall 1957

On Prisoner-Citizen Friendships

‘‘There is an inexhaustible well of love, filled
to overflowing, in the human heart for those who
believe in it. It is a never ending source of courage
for those who use it, and a giver of strength to those
who yield to it. By believing in each other, we in-
crease our capacity to love, to understand, communi-
cate and grow.

“We find this overflowing heart everywhere
among the men and women in prison. That is why
outsiders come through your gates to join their
lives with yours. We are richer for having pris-_
oners for friends. We seek each other out simply
because we are people, and for no other reason. Our
friendship with one another has nothing to do with
what we are, or what we have, or what we own.
We are friends. We help each other in any way we
can.

"Each friend who comes to the prison gives
something of himself that no one else can give, and
takes away something that no one but you can give.’’

- From a letter to former editor, R. D. H.

