---
id: "298"
title: "As I See It"
author: "Shaw, Charles"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Charles Shaw, head of WCAU Radio and TV News Bureau, has long been an advocate of the liberal and
Christian approach to the many problems that beset the human family. The following is quoted from one of
lus ‘As I See It’? broadcasts and accurately reflects not only the facts of the matter but his own largeness of

"As I See It"

by CHARLES SHAW

My wife and | spent two and a half hours in prison last night. No, this is not a confession that we ran
afoul of the law and were called to account... we were guests at a ceremony at Eastern State Penitentiary
here in Philadelphia in honor of a very great woman whose life has been a response to one of the great
commandments of the Founder of Christianity.

Honored at Eastern State Penitentiary last night was Mrs. Dorothy W. Scheer of 641 Maris Street,
Philadelphia, who has devoted all her spare time to helping call the public’s attention to the newspapers
and newsmagazines published by the inmates of penal institutions throughout the United States— in fact,
throughout the western hemisphere. By stimulating interest in what is known as the penal press,

Mrs. Scheer has acquainted a great many people with stories of life behind prison walls... she has helped
greatly in the dissemination of news about a very important part of our population, even though that
part of our population is segregated from the rest of society by walls and bars. But perhaps the most
important contribution Mrs. Scheer has made is in convincing the nation’s penal population that somebody
cares about its members, that a great many people care, that they are not forgotten men and women and
that they have a chance to become useful, happy members of free society when their terms have been served.

When I hear of work like that performed by Mrs. Scheer and others who have interested themselves in
the lives of prison inmates, I think of that part of the Gospel of Saint Matthew when Jesus was telling
His disciples of what would happen when, as He said, “The Son of Man shall come into His glory. The
King shall say unto them on His right hand... I was hungered and ye gave Me meat; I was thirsty, and
ye gave Me drink; | was a stranger, and ye took Me in. Naked, and ye clothed Me; I was sick, and ye
visited Me; I was in prison, and ye came unto Me.” Then, according to the story Jesus told, the righteous
asked The King when He had been hungry, thirsty, a stranger, naked, sick and in prison, and The King
answered, “Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these brethren, ye have done it unto Me.”

Of course, there are a great many people who do not agree that any kindness should be shown the men
and women who have run afoul of the law, that they should be punished severely, that they, to use a trite
expression, should be made to pay their debt to society. People like Mrs. Scheer do not dispute the need
for penal institutions at this stage of our civilization, but what they do dispute is the justification for
retention of medieval attitudes toward the inmates of those institutions.

Sharing Mrs. Scheer’s basic views in that respect is William J. Banmiller, superintendent (or warden)
of Eastern State; and, if you think upon this carefully, you might conclude that the debt society owes to
a man like Mr. Banmiller is well nigh incalculable. Banmiller once told me this: “I say a prayer every
night that | may never become cynical and that | may always keep the proper perspective of the ultimate
goal of each prisoner. My aim is to treat prisoners as human beings and to remember that, but for
the grace of God, there go I.”

Banmiller, Mrs. Scheer, others like them believe that every man, wherever he may live, whatever the
conditions of his life may be, is an important human being, a creature of God, and must be treated as
that highest form of life not as an animal. But there are other compelling reasons for their enlightened
attitude, reasons which perhaps the most vengeful, most vindictive members of our free society—and,
fortunately, they make up a small minority—will understand. The chief reason is found in a very simple
statistic: Ninety-five per cent of the men and women now in prison sooner or later will be released.

That means that 19-20ths of our prison inmates will be joining us on the outside from time to time, and
they will join us either as resentful, vengeance-seeking men and women or as reasonably well adjusted
men and women who have been prepared for life within the law. If imprisonment is designed only to
impose punishment, to exact a pound of flesh, our sadistic appetites may be satisfied but we shall be
creating all sorts of threats to our own safety.

There is no denying that there must be some kind of punishment for crime, at least until we can
figure out a better alternative, if for no other reason than to discourage the offender from repeating
his misdeed and to deter others from emulating him. Of course, there can be long argument as to the
deterrent value of imprisonment, but until that argument is resolved differently from the way it is
supposed to have been resolved for the present, crime must naturally be followed by punishment.

To deprive a man of his freedom, to bar him from coming and going as he pleases, to restrict his
social contacts almost to the point of nothingness, to subject him to a regimen in which he has no say,
is punishment that cannot be appreciated by those who take freedom in all its forms for granted. To
pile on top of that mistreatment, idleness or completely useless and strictly punitive work, not only is
cruel but it poses additional threats to society.

Imprisonment now has a dual purpose—punishment and rehabilitation. The punishment is automatic
it begins for the vast majority of offenders with arrest .. . it continues as long as an offender is denied
his liberty. Rehabilitation is another matter—it takes a lot of working at, and men like Superintendent
Banmiller are in the vanguard of the enlightened administrators who have mapped and carried out an
elaborate course of training and rehabilitation that goes a long way toward preparing prisoners for life
on the outside.

And the work performed by people like Mrs. Scheer also is part of an effective rehabilitation program
... it’s the sort of work that any of us can do, if we are interested in all members of God's creation and
if we are interested in the improvement of society in general. “For, inasmuch as ye have done it unto
the least of these My brethren, ye have cone it unto Me.”
