---
id: "299"
title: "Profile..."
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Following his star—amid the confusion
and separation of imprisonment—
with an eye to the future.

Profile ...

by ROBERT D. HEINEMANN

The trial was held January 27, 1954. Although there
were the charges of Armed Robbery against
the young defendant, Judge Maurice W. Sporkin of
Philadelphia Common Pleas Court No. 2, seated very
low in his chair to one side of the Bench, must have
appraised the whole affair as a more or less routine
matter. After all, the law had repeatedly been
broken by one Alphonso Jenkins. And after all, the
defendant was pleading eguilty—a decision which
ordinarily divests a criminal court proceeding of
much of its intriguing contest of subtle minds, legal
maneuvering and human drama. Apparently, all
that remained was to conduct a proceeding which
had already been historically structured in form and
content, and at the close to impost a fitting sentence.

This not being a jury trial, the six men and six
women members of that body had been dismissed to
sit among the spectators in Room 453. It was as if
attention were merely to be diverted for a time from
the far more involved cases to follow, where denials
of respective charges promised all the genuine inter-
est and suspense.

Yet as this “routine’’ trial commenced, the at-
tention of the small, dark and very distinguished
looking Judge and that of the spectators alike was
drawn to bear upon, first, the tone of the prosecu-
tion. It was as if regrettably the charges were
pressed. No victims appeared. The Detective wit-
ness functioned in his performance of duty as if he
testified somehow for the defense.

And when the slightly stammering defendant
took the stand to explain his side, a rustling could
be heard. Because of the unexpected turn to this
“routine’’ case, the jury wished to come forward.
They wanted to hear more clearly. Judge Sporkin
understood, and for a brief moment suspended the
testimony while the jury members came up and filed
into their appointed box.

All eyes were fixed on the open-faced, 5’ 9’’, 160
pound defendant. All ears strained to hear the low
voice that presented more a husband’s distress than
a criminal’s defense. From time to time a jury mem-
ber would shake his head from side to side.

Following the Jenkins trial, sentence was de-
ferred for two months, pending a complete investi-
gation and report to the presiding Judge. As the
defendant was led away, remanded back to the
County Prison at 10th and Reed, a member of the
jury said to him, ‘‘I’m sure things will work out all
right for you."

In prison, Alphonso Jenkins continues to stand
out among his fellow men. For to his role of pris-
oner he has somehow brought the double guiding
role of husband-father, as if the prisoner he is were
shadow beside that great encompassing reality.

‘It’s true I just can’t think of myself as a con-
vict,’’? Jenkins explains, ‘‘Not that I evade the guilt,
but well — tie only chime npnaies reverm.oms min:
mind is my relationship to the people I love, my
family. Maybe a man’s life, even in here, is where
his heart is, I don’t know. A prison experience is
harder on a wife waiting for a husband to come out,
than it is on him. Especially if she is young. A man
can’t just hold out a vague hope to her that when
he is released, they’ll come back together again.
That’s why I try so hard to plan and work to equip
myself to reassure my wife of my intentions and to
help keep up her drive to suffer through a torture
for her that she did nothing to deserve. It has helped
my wife and kids to know that Daddy is trying so
hard.”

During his imprisonment both Jenkins and his
pretty wife, Edna, have somehow walked a common
road together. Both joimed the Roman Catholic
Church. Their two oldest children attend parochial
school. They share a family dream they eall ‘‘Flam-
ingo Poultry Farm’’ and to that end have taken
many courses. He in Poultry Keeping, Farm Manage-
ment, Turkey Raising, Remodeling and Landscap-
ing and, surprisingly, Commercial Law, to name but
a few.

Yet realizing ‘‘it is a poor mouse who has but
one hole’’, Jenkins is now a tailor, too, but also
works as Shtter Machine Operator in the Box Fac-
tory here. Three-fourths of all his earnings have al-
ways gone through the mails to home . . . which
means to Al, ‘‘wherever Edna and our children are.’’
At the present time, Mrs. Jenkins and the children
are being cared for by Mothers’ Assistance.

In leisure time, Al Jenkins may be found per-
haps in class for those with speech impediments
(his own, a sheht tendency to stammer), perhaps
upon a handball court practicing the game at which
he was, in 1957, singles champion throughout this
institution, known for his tremendous endurance
and determination.

W. asked this Navy veteran the why’s and where-
fore’s of his life, the reason for his being here,
for all the family man aspects of his self-improving
drive. At first, our natural skepticism strained his
words by half, but he only laughed good-naturedly
and supplied us with some of that strange proof
which must have flabbergasted police and Judge,
jury, court spectators and investigating Probation
Department teams alike.

“Eidna lived across from me,’’ Jenkins began.
“We even had a job together. What can I say but
we were just two people who never had a chance and
who met each other and got along.

“It’s true I had an Honorable Discharge from
the Navy, but later came the trouble. I said then
and I say now, I was innocent, but conviction fol-
lowed my first arrest. So because I had once served
time I brought to our marriage a hurtful thing—you
see, I was on parole.

“Edna didn’t mind. Our children came and
didn’t know. But one by one employers always
found me out,—somehow—and let me go. In the
last six months of freedom alone I got and lost 12
jobs, so help me God, as the authorities found out,
for no other reason but being on parole. When I
was out of, work, I tried to get Unemployment Com-
pensation, but was refused because I never held
a job long enough. Between ‘‘steady’’ work, I did
odd jobs to get and keep our rented home together.
We were so much in love, the neighbors liked us, I
worked hard, too—but always the fact of my pa-
rolee status kept, I don’t know, coming up somehow
and I’d be out of work again.

“I never really knew how much a man would
take or do for his wife and kids.

“The victims said I was a gentleman, but I was
desperate, too. Before I pulled my first holdup, the
lights and gas were cut off, the Constable was put
on me for bills, we cooked on a hot plate because the
eas range we owned was sold to try to get the lights
back on. Our refrigerator, dining and living room
sets were sold to buy food. The kids were patched
and clean, I could stand that. But Edna was preg-
nant again with our fourth child, born the day of
my arrest. And our third, a year old girl, couldn’t
even stand. The doctor said she had not received the
proper food.

“That was the last and worst of all the straws.
I took a paring knife and held up a bill collector.
From then on, whenever I was broke and out of
work again, I robbed another bill collector. Yes,
a series of them,’’ he smiled. ‘‘ You can see my mind
was really on those bills!”

"Eventually I had the lights back on and all
the gas and rent and grocery bills were paid. I
gradually bought sets of furniture, too, before the
police came.’’

How was it that they took so long to catch
this man?

“Well, they were working hard, alright, but
suspected a hoodlum was operating whose m. o. was
to hold up bill collectors only. Special detectives
had been assigned to catch the thief—but they were
frequenting bars and such, looking for their hood to
spend his money. And I was home, and home is
where all the money from the hold-ups went.

"But a collector finally did identify my face
and I found myself in custody. I refused to sign a
statement till my wife and kids were taken care of—
then I told them everything I did, and why.’’

At this point, Jenkins paused and gazed at us
reflectively.

"You know,”’ he said, ‘‘and you do know now
for sure, my whole trial was based on the facts that
I only stole when out of work, the extent of my
family’s suffering, and the fact that all the proceeds
went tomy home. If it hadn’t been the way it was,
I think they would have thrown the key away when
they sentenced me four years ago. As is; I do have
hope that some day I’ll be with my wife and kids
again.’’

In Summing up the train of events from crimes
to trial and sentencing, Jenkins evidenced the kind
of reasoning and attitudes which are so much a part
of him.

‘‘I really have some appreciation to give out—a
debt of gratitude I can never pay. To everyone who
helped my wife and myself gain a new hope and
life to work forward to. I mean, to Judge Sporkin,
and it was mostly through the Judge that the state
welfare came in to care for my wife and kids,—to
the police, to the probation people who did the
investigating, to the Church. Even the bill col-
lectors seemed to understand. And the people here,
they helped me, too.

“As I say, they checked and got the truth.
And they all know, too, that because of their help,
my wife and I are going to win through and build
our home,—if possible, that chicken farm. They
know where my heart is, and Edna’s. And we’ve
just got to come through.”

As we of ECHO observe this sturdy young
father follow his star even amid the confusion and
separation of imprisonment, somehow we, too, with
the authorities, not least of which our Superin-
tendent here, beheve that Alphonso Jenkins and his
wife will indeed do just that .. . come through, and
earn the right to make their dreams come true.
