---
id: "300"
title: "Conversation"
author: "Jacobs, Bernard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CONVERSATION

by BERNARD JACOBS

‘‘Could the ‘Dark Ages’ be ending?’’ This
question kept inserting itself hopefully and optimis-
tically into the conversations of enlightened men and
women for many years in the times when the
‘‘civilized’’ world as a whole was swathed in the
darkness of ignorance, suspicion, and superstition.
During this Age, which continued for centuries, any
effort that attempted what we now consider enlighten-
ing education, modernization of procedure, expansion
of thought, variance from the then stagnant and
archaic concepts, was considered heresy, blasphemy,
witeheraft, and many more unprintable names.

Yet today, as we sit smugly in our twentieth
eentury world of modernism and advancement, we
smirk righteously and say, ‘‘That was a horrible and
shameful time. Things like that could never happen
today.’’ Still if you were to ask the average person
on the street today some of the following questions,
the answers would most likely be incredible:

“What do you think it is like in prison?”

"What kind of people are there in prison?’’

"How would you like to browse around a prison
and get to know the prisoners?”

‘‘Did you ever stop to wonder about the men
who will eventually get out of prison?’’

I have no actual way of envisioning the results
of the aforementioned queries, because I very much
doubt that they have ever been presented via a large
medium to a great segment of the public. I might,
however, hypothesize that a small minority, perhaps
those in the social service world, or those possibly
related to either prisoners or people who work with
inmates, or perhaps the too few who are interested
in the community with relation to the future status
of the man or woman inside, might give some objective
and affirmative answers. But in this hypothesis
which is actually personal conjecture, I would ven-
ture to say that the overwhelming majority would
not only not be able to answer the above questions
but would most likely not even be interested in the
situation. I don’t think that this attitude would
be motivated by callousness or selfishness or cruelty.
I think actually it is more misconception. Faced
daily with a diet of blaring newspaper headlines
by the “‘Keep “em in jail forever’’ tabloids, it is not
too difficult to develop some pretty set ideas. But
lately there has been, it seems to me, a start towards
something new. T.V., certain national publications,
have been starting to give the public a look at the
other side.

From amonest the hundreds of issues of Penal
Pubheations that we receive here, I have selected
just a few headlines that might be a little different
from those you usually read about prisoners, some
stories that to me seem to be the rule rather than the
exception. It would seem, then, that perhaps what
Tom Runyon once said, and many others go on
saying, is true Prisoners are People.

THE SPECTATOR—Southern Michigan State Pen.

‘‘March of Dimes Drive Spirals Over Goal!
Donations’ oral s25630i5o. 2 Ohio Donor elie
Under Protest.”’ (Hp. Nors What do you
think that two penal institutions would be feuding
over? Which institution had given the most blood
to the Red Cross!)

THE ATLANTIAN—Atlanta, Georgia.

"The Symphony Comes to Atlanta’... With
the final downbeat of the baton, and audience of 1200
inmates rose as one man and gave the longest and
only standing ovation in the history of entertainment
at USP, Atlanta, Ga. Sunday Afternoon, Nov. 17,
1957. In a setting of precedent in prison entertain-
ment, the celebrated Atlanta Symphony Orchestra,
under the direction of Mr. Henry Sopkin, played
a concert of Classics and popular music before a
SRO audience.’’

Tue Mrenror—South Walpole, Mass.

“TV Cameras Invade Walpole—Movies of Prison
to be Shown On Television.’’ (Ep. Notre... Station
WHDH-TV., Boston, felt that it was about time
that the pubhe got a view of what actually went on
in a prison from dawn to dusk. Film included visits
to shops and pictures of the men at recreation, etc.)

THE FORUM—Lincoln, Nebraska

Inmates of this institution have ‘‘adopted’’ and
are contributing to the support, education, and the
clothing of a young ‘‘Greek War Orphan.’’ (ED. NOTE
... I do not at the moment have the name of this
little Greek girl before me, but I think that she may
be the only child in this country with 1000 "fathers.’’)

THE SAN QuENTIN News—San Quentin, California.

"For the forty-third consecutive year the Show
People of San Francisco put on their annual Variety
Show. For nine hours while hundreds of guests
as well as the inmate population watched, cheered,
and had a wonderful time, the finest entertainers in
the San Francisco and national show world did their
best for what one of them was heard to eall ‘the
best audience anywhere.’ Almost a hundred per-
formers participated.’’

Could the ‘‘Dark Ages’’ be ending?
