---
id: "302"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Editor's Note: The following letter written by a
Missouri Circwt Attorney to a prisoner in the Michi-
gan State Prison, gives a keen understanding of the
‘Detaner System.’

‘Your file has been brought to my personal
attention. First off, let me state there is no doubt
that you did in fact perpetrate the crime with which
you are charged—‘robbery, 1st degree, with a dan-
gerous and deadly weapon.’

The only question remaining is whether you,
as an individual, and more importantly society as a
whole will be better served by having you inear-
cerated for a time beyond that which you are now
serving in Michigan.

Anyone possessing even the slightest smattering
of knowledge concerning penology realizes that the
primary function of a modern prison is to rehabili-
tate, not merely incarcerate. Many prosecutors pay
political lip service to this truism, but in a blind
zeal often see fit to ignore it in official conduct. of
their duties.

The crime with which you have been charged
here in Missouri predates your entry into the Michi-
gan prison. It would be ridiculous to argue that
when you are eventually discharged by the Michigan
authorities, who by the discharge, evidence their be-
lef in your fitness for society, that you have been
rehabilitated only in so far as your Michigan activities
are concerned and that you are still in need of a dose
of ‘Missouri Reformation.’

In a matter of this sort I am willing to abide
by the considered opinion of those who know you best
and have had a chance to most recently observe your
conduct. If individuals like your friends are willing
to vouch for a favorable prognosis, then I feel that,
from this far-away vantage point I am not in a
position to veto same.

Therefore, I assume you will be pleased to learn
that this office will dismiss the pending charge and
will instruct the Michigan Department of Corree-
tions that it no longer wishes a detainer to be lodged
against you.

Remember that the ‘break’ (if it can be con-
sidered in such a term) you are now getting comes
about because some individuals have expressed their
confidence in your ability to make a useful life for
yourself. Do not destroy that confidence, for once
broken, is can never be restored.

The Spectator,
Southern Michigan Prison
Jackson, Michigan.
