---
id: "305"
title: "Echo in Retrospect"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ECHO IN
RETROSPECT

by ROBERT D. HEINEMANN

How does one set out to examine a prison maga-
zine from its initial issue two years ago, through
its Winter of ’57 edition? A literary review would
tell us some things, but perhaps the crux of the mat-
ter lies deeper.

Deep within whatever tradition it has estab-
lished .. . in ECHO’s case, an inmate-centered one.

Deep within the personalities responsible for
the editorial policies which formed and kept that
tradition.

Deep within their thoughts, decisions, acts and
influences, their spoken and printed words which
moulded those policies.

Yet how deep should one writer presume to go
into such matters? Perhaps a set of notes with some-
thing left to the other fellow’s judgment would be
most appropriate.

* * * * * *

It should be axiomatic that the caliber of a pris-
on magazine reflects the measure of responsible free-
dom granted to it, as well as the abilities of its
inmate staff.

* * * * * *

ECHO really began as an abortion. In which
deliberate failure probably laid much of the basis
of whatever success the magazine later enjoyed. As
planned and even as material for a first issue was
being collected in September-October 1955 by its co-
founders, Andre L. Paschedag and William Cress-
man, it was wisely decided to scuttle and disband it
before the appearance of a single issue. I say wisely
because it is the consensus that this decision helped
clarify the matter of censorship before it could de-
teriorate into ‘‘control.’’

* * * * * *

With the impetus provided by this spirit, a
second founding occurred some months later, led by
the capable first editor, Jerry Culp, and his two as-
sociates, Cressman, a highly literate young man, and
John L. Williams Jr., a proverbial ball of fire. It is
well to consider this second founding as in a sense
the first: What trials Jerry bore in overcoming re-
luctance and inertia in trying to get the show on the
road cannot be over-estimated. Indeed, as one of
his contributors I must admit I was remarkably
inert, and reluctant to ‘‘take a chance’’ on a largely
unknown and still somewhat indeterminate situation
which in part characterized the magazine. With pa-
tience and firm tact, Culp and his associates nursed
the March 1956 issue into being.

That the integrity of a prison magazine is never
finally won or earned, Jerry knew. It can be lost,
stolen or traded away in one mistake, one unfavor-
able official decision. In pointing up just one aspect
of this bitter truth, Jerry immortalized himself in
ECHO’s first, and his only editorial.

" ... The EASTERN ECHO is your magazine.
It will only be as good as you want it to be. (It) is
intended to be the voice of the men...

" ... Keep this magazine as the voice of all the
men ...and not of just one group ... Make the
EASTERN ECHO broad and progressive in its out-
look. Keep in mind the man who will occupy your
cell after you’ve been released—and the man after
him. Guard this tiny flame of yours against the glory
seeker and the irresponsible. ..’’

He neglected to say that the glory seeker and
the irresponsible could appear from other than in-
mate ranks. Still, the second and third editors were
moved to look back upon the ‘‘Culp Word’’ as a
eatechism of ECHO tradition itself.

Immediately after this single issue, Jerry gained
his freedom via parole and the second editor, Joe
Corvi, assumed command, with future editor No. 3,
myself, as an added associate. Cressman and Will-
lams remained at their editorial posts. In his brief
tenure of office Corvi, a great strapping fellow with
drive and determination, furthered the magazine in
many ways. He added the feature, now familiar,
known as ‘‘Spotlght.’’ He fired at least this former
associate with a concept of public relations. And it
was Corvi who continued the tradition by fighting
for all of us the battle against the sole attempt to
blue-pencil the magazine. He resigned after a single
issue.

The Fall of ’56 issue was, then, the first set up
by myself, as Editor No. 3. However, before the
final press run, I was officially demoted as ‘‘too radi-
eal.’’? Again, to Joe Corvi’s credit, that he came back
to assume the responsibility for this issue, yet PUB-
LISHED IT UNCHANGED, ALLOWING EVEN
MY EDITORIAL TO STAND. The point thus quiet-
ly made, was nonetheless as courageous as any Corvi
stand. Within a matter of weeks, Corvi again re-
signed and yet again in defense of what he clearly
felt to be the just functioning of a prison editor.
This time, the matter related to himself and he re-
quested other inmates not to join forces with him.
Once more this editor cued on, this time under a
different atmosphere for me personally, provided
by a new administrative head of the institution. And
this time, to issue the Winter of ’56 through Winter
of ’57 issues before...

* * * * * *

Culp and staff founded ECHO (its second) and
gave the Word; Corvi and staff established and
broadened the magazine and, I believe, kept the
Word. These were troubled times.

As the third editor in this two year history with
which we are concerned, I had all the luck:

In inheriting such a tradition for which great
sacrifices had been made

Having a more experienced as well as won-
derfully loyal inmate staff and group of writers

Enlightened censorship
The best inmate advice

* * * * * *

By the time I returned to the editorship, in that
brief period much deep and searching staff discus-
sion had taken place. As a whole we began to
achieve a grasp of magazine organization and we de-
bated long hours how ECHO could most forcefully
and best secure and advance its ‘‘inmate-centered-
ness.’’

Prior editorial policy had been very good, but
very young. And somehow we were aware of our
erowth. We felt the time had come to ‘‘privately’”’
codify that policy. The privacy of the venture
served, and was intended to serve, this purpose:
never fully revealed, we could not run the risk of
‘‘defining’’ ourselves as to become a school of
thought incapable of further growth and engaged
in defending its position without regard for new
insi¢ht.

A part of this policy operated to keep all pages
of ECHO (Warden’s and Chaplains’ pages excepted)
inmate written and slanted, the products of our own
suggestions and judgments. Format and content
formula never left our hands. All planning, writing,
rewriting and editing was kept exclusively inmate.
ONLY AFTER APPEARANCE OF OUR ISSUES
WAS CIVILIAN AND PROFESSIONAL TECHNI-
CAL CRITICISM SOUGHT. Thus to our last issue,
Winter of ‘57, ECHO was entirely inmate directed,
written, edited and, printed, as advertized, for better
or for worse. And it was our conviction, for the
better. Despite our mistakes.

As we took a greater bite, the response from
our prison population was most heartening. I think
I can say sincerely that all three former editors are
indebted to the men of Eastern for the tolerance and
understanding they showed. They never demanded
a blast organ or minimized the problems ECHO
faced. They bore patiently with our inexperience;
they proved ready, willing and able not only to
constructively criticize but to support a courageous
stand, article or issue in that unpretentious way
which is both adult and sincere. In short, they came
to accept their very young and very imperfect maga-
zine.

Second to our own population, came the steady
word from various members of the Penal Press.
Suffice it to say that they encouraged us constantly
to keep the faith, and tried in every way to help us
better ourselves without concern that it was some-
one else’s magazine they were trying to improve.
Instead of disregard or jealousy, ECHO met the
most heart-warming reception from prison publi-
cations, most of them so much more advanced than
our own.

* * * * * *

With the feel of solid ground under our feet,
and with agreement of the other ECHO ‘‘veterans’’,
I enlarged the editorial staff group at its regular
meetings from the ‘‘perennial big four’’ to a voting
fourteen to eighteen in order to gain even wider in-
mate opinion and more varied inmate consultation.
Inmate advisors were selected, also attending the
staff meetings. (The most regular of these hereto-
fore unmentioned and unsung men were Joseph
Oliver, Joe MecNeair, now Assistant Sports Editor,
N. Budington Harper, Louis Straccioni, R. P. LeRoy,
and Joe Cuff, now Circulation Manager.) All busi-
ness of the magazine was made table business, with
the editor making his moves and decisions only after
conference with his fellow workers. It was made a
policy that the editor never ‘‘surprise’’ his staff by
having them later discover his changes. By trial and
error, this last policy was seen most vital to the
continuation of the life of ECHO.

* * * * * *

As editor, I subscribed to roughly the same aims
and policies as my predecessors and their staffs, but
of course brought my own editorial policy which my
general staff, as explained, in great part had already
desired, and endorsed, and vigorously supported.

In addition, Jim Morrison and myself revised
eontent formula and worked out a system of ‘‘them-
ine’’ each issue. A new format was groped for and,
in bettering degrees, partially achieved. It can be
seen taking form through the Winter of ‘56 to Win-
ter of ‘57 issues. Morrison labored impressively,
ceiving his creative all to the constantly improving
makeup of the magazine. As for his art work, I
believe some of his covers carried greater impact
and message than any around the circuit.

Between Jim at one end of the long table, and
myself at the other, sat the most enthusiastic and
wonderful group of fellow workers on anybody’s
staff in the country. Men such as Steve Poltorak,
Jesse Birch, Harold Shadd, Hank Myers, Harry W.
Johnson, John Williams, William Cressman, Francis
Murphy and L. J. Biancone certainly made my job
a pleasure. Together we initiated the actions for
building our bridge of understanding between pris-
oner and the local public; together we added new
features (Conversation, For Consideration, For the
ECHO Record, Snoopy, Dear Reader, Inside Cover
message, etc.) and brought ECHO along carefully.

* * * * * *

A few other factors that lay behind the Word
as this former editor saw and spoke it:

I had always been deeply impressed by the
character and writing of another prisoner active on
the staff of another institution’s magazine. The late
Tom Runyon of Iowa State’s PRESIDIO, and to me
the Light of Penal Press itself, had that indefinable
something we call class. His policy (as well as pres-
ent PRESIDIO editor, Bob Neese’s), ‘‘to speak for
the prisoner rather than to him’’ impressed itself
in my mind as the best for helping forgotten men
put their best feet forward, and to work with esprit
de corps. To bolster his view, my staff and advisors
constantly reminded me that Eastern prisoners hard-
ly relished attempts at ‘‘preaching’’ to them by...
other felons. In our staff meetings we thrashed the
matter out in this wise: talking to our fellows could
only alienate the reader group whose interest and
backing we were most sensitive to. Further, we in-
mates could talk to each other for the next one
hundred years and accomplish nothing, whereas one
civilian befriended represented one real influence in
our behalf which could help us ... who could not
help ourselves.

Thus might Runyon himself have reasoned. But
in any event, he and I and all of us wound up with
the same conclusion no matter how we severally
arrived at it.

And as Biancone has many times remarked,
‘‘In this one aspect of your editorial policy alone
lay the success of ECHO.’’ Which may or may not
be so. Certainly, we knew it was important.

* * * * * *

With this, the personal concept of presenting
the prisoner as ‘‘a whole man.’’ Not just his opin-
ions or protests, but his heart, his wit, his captive
but uneaptured soul. To make friends for him every-
where by helping him to be seen as a complete hu-
man being. At least to try.

And with this, the personal belief that even
crime is finally a problem in the field of human re-
lations. Which tended to divest crime and the crim-
inal of some of the mystery and fatalism associated
with both. As if certain members of society were
born or meant to “go wrong.”

And with this, the knowledge that harsh punish-
ment breeds more crime and more atrocious crime.
That kindness and progressive penology do pay.

With this, as exemplified in three lines of a
quatrain from Miss Rose Grano’s Christmas card:

“Dear Father hear and bless

And guard with tenderness
Small things that have no words.’’

It forever seemed to me that all prisoners every-
where, no matter their strength, ability to endure,
their hearts made hard by adversity and the pain of
a Barnum and Bailey world, their minds narrowed
in the experience of always caution—it forever
seemed to me that we were all akin to ‘‘Small things
that have no words.’’ Because of the prisoner situa-
tion itself, our greatest deeds are, in the end, in-
effective little things. Our whisperings and shouts,
whether in court writs or prison magazines, they
seldom communicate what it is we wish to say. Even
our men of empire, our eagles, wolves and tigers,
end in being more manipulated than alive.

No one can really help prisoners along the way,
or speak for them, as if to help them touch each oth-
er as well as free, small-thing other men. But the
prisoners I had known, by and large, deserved more

.. and if there was to be a crusade, it seemed most
unmediately then and there.

Occasionally, this approach may have skirted
sentimentality. Certainly it colored my own issues
with a somewhat rosy hue—as if we prisoners were
just a bunch of very nice guys. Against this, howe
ever, I saw an American free press largely and co-
lossally dedicated to picture us at the other extreme
as absolute villains. In light of that, my whatever
excesses seemed justified.

In retrospect, I see myself as ECHO’s third and
longest serving editor as an ingratiating, small-
thing crusading, language-conscious editor. Growing
more so with each issue. And as a man whose staff
operated with such loyalty that he was made to look
much better at this business than he ever really was.

* * * * * *

In two years, eight issues of this magazine through
Winter of 757, after which issue I stepped down, I
would list these features and mile-posts as each in
some way most significant:

The abortive first founding of ECHO in Septem-
ber of 1955.
The Jerry Culp editorial, March 1956 issue.

Some of the stands taken by Joe Corvi, our
second editor.

The article, SERVING TIME BECAUSE OF
A CONDITION, by Neal Robertson, in June of 1956
issue.

REHABILITATION AND GOOD TIME, by
John L. Williams, Jr., Fall 1956.

Appointment of Wiliam J. Banmiller to Super-
intendent in October of 756, and the subsequent
calibre and tone of his Warden’s pages.

The enheghtened censorship asked for and
oranted from the Winter of ’56 issue on and the
apparent backing of our ‘“‘all-inmate policy’’ by the
Superintendent and his staff, and very probably by
the Commissioner, Arthur T. Prasse, himself, since
it could hardly have been otherwise.

The Winter of 756 Christmas COVER, by Jim
Morrison and his elevation to Art Editor and my
closest consultant.

The interest of Dr. Negley K. Teeters of Temple

University in EASTERN ECHO, Eastern inmates
and programs.

ECHO’s meeting with the free press on Febru-
ary 26, 1957—uncensored.

CAGE ONE editorial, Spring of 7°57, which
kicked off the public relations program.

BIG BOYS DON'T CRY, by Francis Murphy.

Certainly the most beloved piece ever appearing in
ECHO. And the most publicized.

PROGRESSIVE PAROLE, by Andre Pasche-
dag, in Spring of '57.

First subscriptions to ECHO with Spring of
’57 issue.

The general rise in level of writing.

AN ANALYSIS OF PAROLE (Part I), by L. J.
Biancone, Winter of '57.

The interest of Dorothy W. Scheer in our
magazine.
