---
id: "306"
title: "Chance Encounter"
author: "Cressman, William"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CHANCE ENCOUNTER
by WILLIAM CRESSMAN

John was just leaving the bar, shrugging his coat
up over his shoulders, carrying his heavy sample
ease in his hand, when the two women bumped into
him.

‘‘Sorry,’’ one of the women said.

"My fault,’’ he apologized, smiling and stepping
aside. The women’s face was heavily made up, theat-
rical, and somehow vaguely familiar. He walked
on a few feet, away from the bar’s entrance, and from
the corner of his eye he saw her face again.

It stared out at him from a show-eard, and above
the smiling face, in letters several inches high, John
read ‘‘ Evelyn Shorter, Appearing in Person Nightly.”

Evelyn Shorter! That was why he thought he
knew her. She’d been a top star in Hollywood for
over ten years; he’d seen her in a dozen or more
pictures. She’d paid a visit to his camp overseas
during the war, dressed in a thin, revealing gown,
shivering in the almost-zero weather, dancing and
singing for hours to give all the boys a taste of home.

So she’s appearing at the ‘‘Clock’’ every night,
he mused, the excitement mounting. Why don’t I
go back and say hello to her, he thought. I'll
probably never get another chance to meet a Holly-
wood star and speak to her personally.

He turned and retraced his steps, going down-
stairs and through the nearly deserted club. No one
upstairs at the bar had noticed him as he’d returned,
and no one downstairs stopped him, so he continued
on into the far end of the club, toward the only
place he could imagine the entertainers would have
their dressing rooms.

In a small corridor he found a door marked with
a star. -He stopped and knocked, and when he heard
someone eall out, ‘‘Come in!’’ he turned the knob
and entered the room, a small, brightly lighted dress-
ing room cluttered with costumes, trunks and chairs.

Miss Shorter sat on a small bench before a
mirror, applying mascara to her eyes. She stopped
with her hand suspended before her face, looking
at John’s reflection in the mirror. ‘‘Yes?’’ she said
inquiringly.

He knew at once he shouldn’t have entered. He
felt uncertain of himself, embarrassed. When the
idea had first occurred to him it had seemed logical,
normal, something anyone would do without a mo-
ment’s thought, but now the liquor’s effeet had worn
off, and he knew he was sober, cold sober, and he was
afraid Miss Shorter would have him tossed out be-
cause he really had no business standing here, tongue-
tied and shamefaced, holding the heavy sample case
awkwardly in his hand.

"I-I" he stuttered. He passed his hand over
his head, smoothing his dishevelled hair, flicking his
tongue across his lips. He spoke again, slowly,
spacing his words evenly, one at a time, not rushing.
"I’m sorry for bursting in on you, but the truth is
I just .... I just wanted to meet you." He smiled,
feeling foolish.

Miss Shorter smiled at him graciously. ‘‘This
is my secretary, Miss Dodge,’’ she said, indicating
the tall, thin girl who stood a few feet from the
dressing table, a thin smile playing around her mouth.

Miss Dodge extended her hand.

John hastily dropped the sample case and took
the secretary’s limp hand in his for a moment, pres-
sine it slightly. “My name’s Walton,’’ he said,
"John Walton.”

‘‘How are you,’’ Miss Dodge said, and it wasn’t
a question, he knew, merely a greeting.

He stared at the secretary a moment, at her thin,
manuish figure, her eyes and hair without life, dull,
and she stared back at him impersonally, without
curiosity or emotion, almost, he reflected, as though
he were a piece of furniture, or didn’t exist at all.
Miss Shorter cleared her throat.

John’s eyes fell to the sample case at his feet.
He felt that he couldn’t stand here any longer with-
out saying or doing something, acting just lke an
oaf from the country, but he felt incapable of speech,
awe-struck and tongue-tied before this famous and
olamourous woman.

He stooped and picked up the sample case,
opening it and searching through it for a gift for
the movie-queen. His fingers closed around a choker-
set; a set of choker, matching bracelet and earrings
which had cost him almost ten dollars wholesale, and
though he knew he really shouldn’t give this to Miss
Shorter because she would be certain to consider it
just plain junk, he seemed to have no control over his
hand, but watched as it picked up the set and extend-
ed it to the movie-queen without hesitation. It seemed
almost as though his hand had life of its own, distinct
from the rest of his body.

Miss Shorter coyly asked, ‘‘For me?’’ and ex-
tended her hand for the gift, raising her eyebrows
just the proper degree. ‘‘ How lovely!’’ she exclaimed,
taking the box from him, examining the set and
quickly handing it to Miss Dodge, who murmured
something complimentary and placed the set on the
dressing table.

Carried away by their exclamations of thanks,
John delved into the case again. ‘‘You’re married,
aren’t you?’’ he asked the actress, his hand poised
over the samples in the case.

“Oh, yes,’’ she admitted.

"Let's see," he mused. "It's Johnnie Weis-
muller, isn't it?"

“No,’’ Miss Shorter answered slowly, and it
seemed to him that she was sorry that she could
not say yes.

"Sorry,’’ he mumbled, wishing he had spent
more time reading Louella Parsons.

‘‘He’s known as the ‘Figure Divine’,’’ the actress
prompted.

He pounced on the clue. “Oh! I know now.
It’s Buster Crabbe!’’ he pronounced triumphantly.

A look of annoyance crossed the actress’ face
briefly, but she soon flashed the famous smile. ‘‘No,”
she said, “no, it’s Don, Wall.”

“Oh, yes, of course,’’ he answered, his mind
racing over the muscular movie idols ticking them
off one by one.

‘‘Silly of me not to have remembered.’’ His
hand closed over a cuff link set, picked it out and gave
it to Miss Shorter.

"Oh, really,’’ she protested, taking the set, “you
really shouldn’t do this." She smiled down at the
set, an imitation ruby mounted in a gold-filled setting,
and then handed it to her secretary for her approval.

Once again John’s hand dipped into the open
ease, extracting a little book with three-dimensional
pictures. ‘‘Here,’’ he said, “‘perhaps you have a
child,’’ and he placed the book in Miss Shorter’s
hand.

“Two,’’ she murmured, almost inaudibly.

His fingers dipped quickly among the few re-
maining samples, searching for something appropriate
for a child, but all he could locate was a novelty yellow
hen, which, when pushed from above, discharged
colored marble-eggs.

He handed this to Miss Shorter, demonstrating
how it worked, and she exclaimed over it as if it
were the most expensive toy ever devised. He stared
around the dressing room, pleased with the effect his
gifts had produced.

‘‘I acted, you know,’’ he said.

"Really,’’ Miss Shorter exclaimed politely.

“The usual stuff,’’ he explained offhandedly.
“A couple of plays in high school, a few years
with The Hightown Theatre Guild here in Philly,
that sort of thing”

"Oh,’’ the actress answered, suppressing a yawn.

‘‘I had a chance to do a professional play with
the "Children's Theatre' here too," he went. on,
“but... well, frankly, my wife was against it.
She didn’t want me running around the country with
a lot of single girls in the cast, being out on the
road all the time, away from home."

Miss Shorter murmured sympathetically.

“I’m still interested, in a way,’’ he said, his
eyes looking off into space for a moment, “but I
don’t suppose I’ll ever be able to do anything now,
with a family and a living to earn.”

"Have you ever thought of Hollywood?’’ Miss
Dodge asked.

‘‘Oh, no,’’ he admitted. "I couldn’t act that
well. I haven’t had enough experience.’’

“The studios train you,’’ Miss Dodge explained,
“if they think you have some ability, and could
learn.’’

‘‘Perhaps you could look me up,’’ Miss Shorter
suggested. ‘‘That is, if you’re ever out that way.’’

“I’m sure it’s very nice of you to suggest it,
Miss Shorter,’’ he said, ‘‘but you wouldn’t remember
me. That is,’’ he amended, “if I ever did get to the
coast.”

"Of course I would,’’ she protested. ‘‘Es-
pecially if you mentioned this,’’ she added, pointing
around to the various gifts lying on the dressing
table.

‘‘Well,’’ he said, the idea slowly taking hold of
him, “‘perhaps I might, at that. It’s very kind of
you to suggest it, Miss Shorter,’’ he repeated. He
looked down at the floor, unable to think of anything
to say to express to her his great indebtedness for
befriending him. Perhaps, he thought, this is just
the chance I’ve been waiting for.

Miss Shorter shifted her weight on the bench
and sighed. At once he was conscious that she
would soon have a show to do and would want to
set made up.

“I’m afraid I’ve already taken up too much of
your time,’’ he said, closing his sample case. He
shook hands with the secretary first because he was
aware he hadn’t paid too much attention to her, and
wanted to make up for his lack of cordiality.

He turned to the actress. ‘‘Good bye, Miss
Shorter,’’ he said, pressing her hand, turning on her
his widest smile, conscious now that he was acting
to impress her, to let her know that she had not
made a mistake in befriending him. ‘‘Good bye,’’
he said again, ‘‘and thank you for your kindness.”
He turned and left the dressing room.

Outside, in the narrow corridor, he stopped for
a moment, briefly reliving the events of the past
few minutes, glad now that he had followed his origi-
nal whim. Who knows, he thought, what might come
of this chance encounter? He was beginning to move
away when he heard Miss Shorter speak to her sec-
retary, but he stopped to listen.

“. . . because if you don’t want it,’’ she was
saying to Miss Dodge, ‘‘I wish you’d take it and
throw it away. I don’t want it cluttering up my
dressing room.”

John felt his face burn with shame and anger,
but he stood still, not quite believing what he had
heard, unable to believe that this was the same woman,
so sweet and charming only a few moments ago.

Someone moved inside the dressing room, and
then Miss Shorter spoke again. ‘‘Meeting creeps
like that is one of the bad features of this job,’’ she
said, speaking in a bored voice. ‘‘It’s almost enough
to drive me back to that jerk I married and make an
honest housewife out of me.’’

John walked quickly away, glad that there was
no one to see his burning face. He gripped his sample
case close to his body and ran quickly up the stairs,
past the crowded bar and out into the coolness of
the street.
