---
id: "308"
title: "Basketball Fives"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0023.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
BASKETBALL FIVES

by JOSEPH “GI" McNEAIR

Basketball season here within the ‘‘Mammoth Gray’’
prison walls opened November 19, 1957. Since this was the
first league game, the Warriors and Royals appeared tense
and the basketball fans excited.

The Warriors, after leading all the way to the final
quarter were forced under when the Royals applied the
pressure with fast drives and sharp shooting and scored
15 points in the closing minutes of the game to win by a 4
point margin, 34— 30.

WARRIORS 
Norman      LF  2  1  4  7
Holloway    RF  2  2  6  6
Essen       LF  3  0  1  6
Bogardus     C  3  0  6  6
Pee Wee     RG  1  0  2  2
Turk        LG  1  0  0  2
Boots       LG  0  1  2  1  
Totals       12  4 21 30

ROYALS
Adderly  RF  9  1  3  19
Utah     LF  0  0  2   0
Mack     LF  0  1  1   1
Curley    C  1  2  0   4
Bear     RG  2  0  1   4
Hill     RG  3  0  2   6  
Totals    15  4  9  34

Referee: Speedy Grittin;
Timekeeper: Midge;
Umpire: Dave Croxton;
Scorer: Al Harvey

ALL-STARS

The Eastern Basketball League sponsored an inter-
league contest November 8, 1957.

The teams were piloted by Horace Wright and Teeny
Berry.

An interesting game all the way in a see-saw fashion.
Wright and his stars gained the lead quarter and managed
to hold on and win with a 5 point margin, 49-44, in spite
of Teenie Berry being top scorer with 21 points.

Tuffy’s Line-up Teenie’s Choice
John O'Brien       F           Norman
'June Bug' West    F             Hill
Drake              F             Shep
                   F              Ray
Adderly            C         T. Berry
                   C           Curley
H. Wright          G            Woody
B. Hallowell       G             Mack
Juice              C     Robert Irven
Cohen              C             Turk

EASTERN BASKETBALL LEAGUE

Due to the leadership of four determined playing-mana-
gers, the good sportsmanship of 40 or more basketball
players and excellent officiating (by Dave Croxton and
Julius ‘Speedy’ Griffin) the Eastern Basketball League
through rain, snow and hard cold, reached mid-season.

Woody, manager of the Hawks, with Shep, Junebug,
Fricker, and Tobin, are in the first ten high scorers.

With the able support of Wheeler, Juice and Lou Brown,
the Hawks have cinched the first half, and are anxiously
waiting to start the second, though they don’t have to worry
too much because the Hawks are certain to be in the play-off
for the championship.

Shep is the highest scorer in the league with 357 points,
Junebug, tied for third with 215 Woody ,tied for fourth with
197, Fricker, fifth with 161, and Tobin, sixth with 142.

Teeny, manager of the Warriors, and the league’s 2nd
highest scorer with 277 points, has great hopes for his club.
He feels they will hold the one-game lead over the Celtics
and win second place in the first half.

HAWKS DEFEAT CELTICS
by Charles M. Tobin

Looking in on the Eastern Basketball League, the
Hawks won the first half by out-playing the Celtics, on
January 5, 1958.

The Hawks are a hard-driving basketball squad that
have the habit of clean sweeping a game from the outset
with a quick series of fast breaks. When things get tight
the squad is prepared to use a man-to-man or hard-press
defense.

This team is really good. When the season opened the
Hawks were considered underdogs. But with fine teamwork
they reached the top and haven’t looked back since. An-
other thing that merits consideration is the fact that not
one of their players stands over six-feet in height.

Tuffy, the manager of the Celtics says, with continuing
sharp shooting from ‘Juice’ Cohen (who tied Bogardus for
the seventh spot in the big ten) James Morrison, Earl Brown,
and good support from Jack, Pee-Wee, O’Brien and Rob
Watson, they’ll not only overtake the Warriors for second
place in the first half, but will be the team to beat in the
second half. Tuffy tied ‘Woody’ for fourth place in the
first ten with 197 points.

The Ceitics took command in the first quarter and went
on to win in their first league game this season by defeating
the Hawks, 54—44.

Shep paced the Celtics with 17 points (also high for the
game) 7 field goals and 3 singletons. He was ably aided
by Wright who had 7 and 1 for 15 points.

CELTICS 
|          |   | FG | FT | F  | Ps |
| E. Brown | G | 4  | 0  | 2  | 8  |
| Shep     | C | 7  | 3  | 2  | 17 |
| O'Brien  | G | 2  | 1  | 2  | 5  |
| Wright   | F | 7  | 1  | 4  | 15 |
| J. Cohen | F | 3  | 1  | 4  | 7  |
| Watson   | F | 1  | 0  | 0  | 2  |
| Nails    | G | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| Snooks   | F | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| Joe      | F | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| R. Ervin | G | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| Tommy    | F | 0  | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| Totals   |   | 22 | 6  | 12 | 54 |

HAWKS
|          |   | FG | FT | F | Pts |
| Flicker  | C | 4  | 0  | 0 | 8   |
| Woody    | G | 4  | 0  | 0 | 8   |
| Jack     | F | 6  | 0  | 2 | 12  |
| Junebug  | F | 2  | 2  | 2 | 6   |
| Ray      | G | 1  | 0  | 0 | 2   |
| Kemp     | F | 0  | 0  | 0 | 0   |
| Lucky    | C | 0  | 0  | 0 | 0   |
| L. Brown | G | 0  | 0  | 0 | 0   |
| Tobin    | F | 2  | 0  | 0 | 4   |
| Scratch  | G | 0  | 0  | 0 | 0   |
| Juice    | F | 2  | 0  | 0 | 0   |
| Totals   |   | 21 | 2  | 4 | 44  |

EASTERN BASKETBALL LEAGUE
Team Standings at Mid-season
           Won   Lost
Hawks       10     4
Warriors     6     5
Celtics      5     6
Royals       3     8

LEADING SCORERS OF THE LEAGUE
| Player                 | Team     | Points |
| Albert 'Shep' Sheppard | Hawks    | 357    |
| Harry 'Teeny' Berry    | Warriors | 277    |
| 'Junebug' Wesley       | Hawks    | 215    |
| Charles Adderly        | Royals   | 215    |
| 'Woody'                | Hawks    | 197    |
| 'Tuffy' Wright         | Celtics  | 197    |
| Harry Fricker          | Hawks    | 161    |
| Tobin                  | Hawks    | 142    |
| 'Juice' Cohen          | Celtics  | 139    |
| 'Reds' Bogardus        | Warriors | 139    |
