---
id: "309"
title: "Sportwise and Otherwise"
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0024.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
SPORT SCENES

SPORTWISE AND OTHERWISE
by Henry Myers

STANLEY KETCHEL, oft times considered by many in the
history of fistiana (pound for pound) as the greatest fighting
machine that ever tossed leather.

RAY ROBINSON would have KO’d him in five rounds.

MARCIANO would have gone the route with the ‘BROWN
BOMBER... and he would have been brutalized in the
process ...

DEMPSEY could not have lasted with either...
MARCIANO, DEMPSEY, LOUIS: All cinches for the square
trap’s greatest, the boilermaker, JIM JEFFRIES!

On a day late in Autumn, a nation will stand and cheer
a ‘‘youth’’ as he circles the base paths for his 60th round-
trip-cireuit-clout—equaling the Bambino’s record. Let him
hug that coveted crown close to his chest, where the heart is,
lest the winds of fact blow it away. The ‘Bambino’ would
have doubled his own record in the current tailor-made
‘¢dollar sign’’ ball parks with the likewise designed spirited
horse hide, which created a million-dollar industry in head
gear, and converted the ‘‘National pass-time’’ into a
er clistimon duel.

Cherry Hill’s eleven would trounce Graterford, Pitts-
burgh’s Wall and White Hill in a triple-header!!!! (Have
shoulder pads and helmet, will travel!)

Using ‘‘time’’ as a shield, naturally, I feel pretty safe.
But ... who can unequivocally say that I am wrong in my
assertions? Who owns the barometer, the yard stick, to
measure yesterday’s champs against today’s? Yet, I have
left myself wide-open in my highly controversial but posi-
tive statement—Cherry Hill to whip Graterford, Pittsburgh,
and White Hill. Well, ‘‘Buster,’’ there is an outside chance
when road trips won’t be just a pipe dream. Until that
day arrives, I’m right! WANNA BET? Odds are dollars
to doughnuts, but that’s only even money with the high
cost of living ...
