---
id: "310"
title: "Notes While Benchwarming"
author: "Conrey, William"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0024.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
NOTES WHILE BENCH WARMING
by William Conrey

Harry (Spots) Fricker has been awarded first prize as
the best trained spectator of the year! Not only does he
know how to ‘‘heckle’’ the players, but he knows when...
He also states that with the coming season of softball,
hes willesper tie home num kine 2? of “58 in Cherny Hall}
Look out, Jake!!

Notice to all managers of all leagues! Contact Knock-
Knock for open dates to play his ‘‘All-Stars.’’ Knock
says, ‘‘I would like to make one stipulation to any and all
clubs that play against the ‘‘Stars.’’ That they keep the
games clean, and leave the umpires call ’em as they see ’em,
and take their beatings (that we will surely hand them)
like a sportsman should.’’ Let it be remembered by ‘‘any’’
who may think Knock-Knock is ‘laying it on’ a little heavy,
that his ‘‘Stars’’ have yet to lose a championship game,
and from all indications he don’t intend to lose any this
year just because he’s one year older! I venture to say
that his merger with Jim Ford has given him inspiration.

From all indications, things are actually beginning to
take shape sports-wise. The managers aren’t waiting until
the last moment to sign up their players for the season
ahead. They are scouting now for the sluggers and men
for key positions. So, beware, you may be being scouted
this very moment, and age is no barrier!

At this viewpoint the only drawback is the weather .

ATTENTION ALL HANDBALL PLAYERS: Singles Champ
Jenkins is in rare form. Claims he will take on any three
men, even up, and give odds up to five (5) points to any in-
dividual daring enough to put him to the test. Any takers!!

A new champ has taken over the bocce courts. Henry
Sincavage lays claim to the title and will take in all comers,
on any court.
