---
id: "311"
title: "Sport Shots"
author: "TOBIN, Charles M."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0024.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
SPORT SHOTS
by Charles Tobin

Bob Nelson looked impressive while in action on the
basketball court for the first time. Although this was a
pick-up game, I’m to understand the Hawks, manager, Will-
iam Howard is looking him over... Best of luck Bob...
Walter Curry also tried his hand but gave up with a huff
and a puff, and a walk-away ... Don’t give up, pal—Sports-
manship rates high above ability . .

We see where Charles Edwards has improved his bocce
game ... Look, out, Ceaser, your title is being threatened . .

Foots and Big Mack have more in common than music
and song. We notice they both play a superb game of
handball ... A thrill to watch them in action. Old pros,
such as Billy Holmes, Hill Billy, Jenkins, Battles, O’Brien
and Doc better oil up their legs because these boys are
seeking titles.

Although they are beginners, Big Bill Conrey and Ed-
ward Brooks make a fine horseshoe team. In way of ex-
planation for victory, Bill says with jubilation, ‘‘You’ve
got to pitch with authority.’’

Bob Harris says he can’t wait until the softball season
to prove his sports ability ... Bob is the fellow who walks
around all day with his hands in his pockets. (That’ll be
the day. Ha! ha!)

A very good exhibition of clean play is oftimes seen
on beginners handball court, behind third block. It’s en-
joyable to play as well as to watch.

If anyone is interested in learning the art of basketball,
see either Charles Adderly or Tiny Berry. Their time is
your time.
