---
id: "313"
title: "American League Predictions"
author: "Tobin, Charles M."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0025.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Baseball Predictions
AS WE SEE 'EM

AMERICAN LEAGUE PREDICTIONS
by
CHARLES M. TOBIN

It has often been said: ‘It is only by the past that
you can safely judge the future... ’’ Well, let’s look at
the past. The Yankees have won 23 out of 57 tries for
the pennant bid... This in itself puts my prediction on
solid ground.

YANKEES

Aside from the above fact, the Yankees have old pros
such as cal. “The Barber’ Miaglie", "Yogi" Berra, and
Enos Slaughter, who carry an environment with them that
spells out team-spirit and loyalty, which is the main factor
of a pennant winning club.

CLEVELAND

Cleveland is my second choice. This club has a pitching
staff to make any team cry and give up hope. MeLeish,
Garcia, Seore and Lemon just to name a few. Their
all around man, Minoso, will no doubt be the driving spirit
behind this fine ball club with Vic Wertz, Wilhelm and
Avila adding fuel to the drive.

WHITE SOX

I look for the White Sox to capture third place, but,
not without a hard fight, put up by the Tigers. Chicago
has a good infield as well as pitching. However, the ques-
tionable department will be their outfield.

DETROIT

The Tigers have top name ball players such as Ray
Boone, Al Kaline, Harvey Kuenn, Charley Maxwell and Jim
Bunning but even at this, I cannot figure this team higher
than fourth place.

RED SOX

Mr. Ted Williams will find his Red Sox in fifth place.
Piersall and Jenson will take the spotlight from ‘‘Mr.
150,000 dollars.’’

BALTIMORE

The Baltimore Orioles are my favorite team and I’ll
be a rooting fan... Yet, I cannot conceive of them outdo-
ing the Red Sox this year. Sure! we have Doby ... but one
man does not make a team.

KANSAS CITY

K. C. and Washington will hold down 7th and 8th
place respectively, but not respectfully. Well, that’s the
way it goes, I suppose.

One thing is certain ... when the dust clears away
we’ll all be wiser.
