---
id: "314"
title: "National League Predictions"
author: "Saby, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0025.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
NATIONAL LEAGUE PREDICTIONS
by
HENRY SABY

Hank ‘The Tank’ our Sports Editor, called my bluff,
namely, by questioning my knowledge of the great American
Sport. I pick ....

MILWAUKEE, if for no other reason than what they did
to Old Case’s herd. This club is the best balanced outfit
in the league. Now we all know...

CINCINNATI’s trouble is their weak pitching. They
may get some help from Haddix in that department, but
the loss of two big strong bats in the Klu and Post will
hurt, but there is still enough lumber to keep the...
CARDS out of second. This St. Louis mob is loaded with
spirit and hustle, all that youth plus the ‘‘Man’’ will keep
them in contention, ‘‘Pennant in ’60.’’ Maybe the Ripper
will start Ripping for our...

PHILLIES, but Ennis will remain a nightmare and keep
us fighting to hold down fourth, we may have too many
holes and one big IF, ‘‘Robbie.’’ If he comes through we
will surely keep the old gents off our tail...

BROOKLYN. This fifth place spot may be insulting, but
I can’t see how all that smog in L.A. can help the old guys.
Better unload ‘‘Walt’’ and start rebuilding. The air is
cleaner in Frisco and if Rigney keeps ‘‘Say Hey’’ off the
Bridge the ...

GIANTS just may not like their sixth place spot. Anyway,
box office receipts should be terrific. Now we come to a
club with a good chief but few indians...

PITTSBURGH will stay out of the cellar only through the
wisdom of Danny Murtaugh. Klu will have a great year.
ast but not least.in the hearts that is vies sea.

CUBS have nothing but can afford to unload Rush. I can’t
figure it but maybe a move to the coast—San Diego would
sell more gum for Mr. Wrigley.

THE MAN BEHIND THE GAME:

Let’s pause for a moment and consider Joe Buzzard,
the man bebind the scenes of all football games. Joe is the
equipment manager... Let’s extend our hand and give him
a well earned pat on the back for a job ‘‘well done’’...
Joe doesn’t share in the glory when a winning touchdown
is made, or the applause on a great play ... Joe just walks
up and down the side lines, knowing each man is well
equipped ... It is his job to issue gear to managers, players
and coaches. There is no bickering with Joe, Joe is boss
and he decides who will get what equipment ... It is not
an easy task, it is a thankless task ... So let us pause now
and say, ‘‘Thanks, Joe, for doing a fine job.’’
