---
id: "315"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness is Just a Dog Called
SNOOPY

by Joseph J. Cuff

ROBERT HEINEMANN: Editor Emeritus

It was with deep regret that the Editorial Staff
of the ‘‘Hcho’’ accepted the resignation of EDITOR
BOBBY HEINEMANN. BOBBY has been with the
‘‘Echo’’ since its birth, two years ago . Through
numerous disappointments, and with tender patience
and perseverance BOBBY helped bring ‘‘Echo’’ to
a position of honor among the Penal Press . .
BOBBY’S absence will be felt acutely, and many
readers of our magazine will be saddened by his
resignation.

Eastern Echo took great pride in the articles,
editorials and stories of BOBBY ... Hach had a
message, each had a moral and will remain forever
in our minds.

Although it is a great loss to Eastern Echo, and
its subscribers, the free world will gain a new and
better BOBBY HEINEMANN.

SNOOPY FINDS OUT: Hank ‘‘The Tank’’

SNOOPY has always wondered why Hank Myers
appears at work every Tuesday afternoon looking
as though he has just stepped out of a fashion
plate... Well... SNOOPY snooped, and came up
with the answer. Tuesday is the day Hank’s sister
visits him. What makes a man more presentable to
those who visit him than a clean, close shave, hair
well groomed and a nice pressed shirt. With his
contagious laugh and smile, Mickey has a pretty sharp
brother... Of course the few gray hairs on the side
help, also.

SNOOPY SHAKES GOODBYE

To all those who are leaving us via parole,
SNOOPY extends his paw and says, ‘‘Look forward
to the coming years with confidence in yourselves
and the confidence of those you leave behind, we
will be following your course . . .The future will
not be without difficulties but with faith in your-
selves and the strength of free men you shall gain
your objectives.”’

SNOOPY SALUTES:
Louis Straccioni

Why is it that the good works of men remain
untold? In the last issue of Hecho, we learned of
Big Jim Ford, a man who has a heart as big as his
name. How many of us know Lows Straccion? .. .
I mean really know him? ... Here is a man whom
we see every day, and yet, I’ll wager there aren’t
a half dozen know that he has a heart of gold where
others are concerned.

SNOOPY heard of a family that would have had
no Thanksgiving or Christmas. Through some un-
known source Lows Straccion learned of the hard-
ship that surrounded this family ... Quietly, and
without fanfare, he mentioned this fact to his good
friend Reverend Anthony Vasquez, of St. John’s
Baptist Church. Reverend Vasquez and his group
of friends made it a happy Thanksgiving and
Christmas for a wife and two children ...

THROUGH THE YARD,
AROUND THE NECK,
AND DOWN THE BLOCKS: 

It is said that Midge learned his art from ‘‘The
Barber of Seville’? . . . Mike Smith, virtually a
lending library, 15 pounds lighter via his own diet.
Mike says,‘The best way to look like you’ve lost
weight is to wear loose clothes.’’... Low (Brooklyn
Lou) Telese, reading his daily letter from home .
Vinnie Coladeonato, deep in thought over a mathe-
matical problem ... Leo McMahon, giving a testi-
monial in honor of a fine lady, Mrs. Dorothy Scheer,
did so with all the dignity of a real toastmaster.. . .
Henry Saby: The only thing wrong that I find with
psychiatry is that the solution of one problem simply
leads to the evolution of another problem ... Over-
heard while padding past the dental office, ‘‘You’ll
wonder where the yeller went when you brush your
teeth with wet cement.” .. . Jesse Young: People
are always asking me how I find happiness. It’s

not a question of finding, you can’t find happiness,
you make happiness.”’ Joe Antomewice: “‘1
think we have reached the stage where we realize
that our most urgent need is for people who are
specialists in human relations.”’

SKETCH OF A MAN

In all communities there is always one per-
sonalty that stands out, one whom everyone looks up
to and respects, as a man, and as a friend. Our
community here at Eastern is no exception.

Among the fellows here in Eastern, and among
the Administration Personnel also, the name Dave
Aikens is synomymous with friendliness, kindness
and character.

When one talks with Dave Atkens, he feels that
there is a development of character, which only a
man of immense resolution could have survived, a
man who has stamped the seal of his unique per-
sonality deeply in the conscious of his fellow man.

After twenty-one years in Eastern, Dave Aikens
gives an answer to a question, an answer that reveals
his character.

Dave was asked, ‘‘ What is your opinion of man ?’’

Dave answered, ‘‘Men need to discover them-
selves, to learn as nearly as may be, who and what
they really are, not what others think of them. The
trouble is that we know too little, that is why we think
so meanly of ourselves.’’

Dave continues, ‘“‘I believe that all men are
fundamentally decent, honorable, lovers of good and
haters of evil, but they don’t give themselves a chance
to discover this. They accept, as though it were
inexorable law, the old doctrine of Original Sin, as
though God Himself had planted it in our hearts.’’

There is the character of Dave Aikens.

THREE BAKERS

Three buddies, as close as three peas in a pod,
or SNOOPY should say, “‘as close as raisins in a
raisin pie.’’ That describes Mike Rispo, Richie
Richardson, and Robert (Irish) Cullen. This trio, are
employees of the bake shop and boast of being in
the dough . .

LOVE IS A MANY _ 2,

SPLENDORED THING: \

SNOOPY speaks to a fellow every day, a fellow
who has a lovely wife and two wonderful children.
She and the two children have never missed a visiting

EASTERN ECHO

day and her letters are regular. This fellow, who
wishes to remain anonymous, is one of the happiest
men SNOOPY encounters in his daily runs around
the institution .. .

mY)

LOST! STRAYED! OR STOLEN?227 %.

One broom, slightly used. Reward if returned
to Harry Fricker. This broom has a very significant
meaning to Harry. It was presented to him by the
Staff Board with the understanding that he will use
it diligently 2.

SNOOPY’S PREDICTIONS
OF THINGS To COME

According to reliable sources, construction of a
new visiting room will get under way before the
middle of the summer. Only the final approval of
plans are necessary ...

The final demolishing of the ancient maintenance
building will be completed in time for the baseball
season. This will greatly inerease the softball and
recreation area.

John Zak to get a big visit from home .. . Joe
Fatio’s big band will become the greatest big band in
the history of E.S.P.... Jammy Jackson will organize
a small concert band, Jimmy will conduct... Tampa
Red and Keith will continue as the personality boys . .
Socrates Cantoral to be voted one of the outstanding
athletes of the year... A new weightlifting champ
will be crowned in the person of Anthony Romano.
Of course it must be understood that when Anthony
lifts a hundred pounds, he is lifting more than he
weighs, and he promises that next year he will put
weights on the ends of the bar ... New men in
quarantine (14 block and 11 block) to have yard-out
on week-ends and holidays... There will be more
entertainment from outside sources during the sum-
mer months A voluntary civilian teacher in
Mechanical Drawing and Drafting classes ... KSP
will be on equal terms with Rockview, Graterford
and the Western in regards to instant coffee and
other commissary items ... The final prediction—
There will be more paroles and commutations granted
this year than ever before. This prediction is based
on the fact that a greater number of men granted
parole and commutation are making good.

LEARN TO ENJOY LIFE

Ralph Tettgen has a good philosophy. ile says,
"The main thing in our lives is not to lose interest
in living. Learn to enjoy life!"...
