---
id: "316"
title: "Flight to Valhalla"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FLIGHT TO VALHALLA
by JOSEPH J. CUFF

The shrill blast of a whistle broke the rising dawn
asunder, and shattered the darkness into a
million pieces. The rain that beat a relentless tattoo
against the thick wall ceased, and a watery sun sent
feelers toward a forgotten earth.

Inside a massive stone fortress-like building, is
a world alone, a grim world of sweat and disinfectant,
of stone and steel, cement and hopelessness.

Activities begin slowly, and with an increasing
erescendo. There is a clang of key against metal
as locks are opened, bolts pulled, locks reshut. A
voice follows each clang with a ery of, ‘‘ Doctor,
letter, prison agent, public defender ... anything
im there?

Within the confines of cell 44 lies a forlorn, ill-
fed... little chuck of human driftwood, his faded
patched clothing—hitched together with pins—loose
upon his scrawny body. His hair is gray, his face
the color of putty. Glazed eyes hold the look of a
man under hypnosis. His identity hangs outside
the door on a small, new white card:

JOSHPH A. SALLIE: AGE 63
CHARGE: VAGRANCY
SENTENCE: 60 DAYS

There is a faint movement upon the gray, steel
bed, a lifting of thin lips as a smile breaks the
hardness of the puttied face. Silence wraps itself
around him. The present becomes the past in a
peaceful dream ...

There was a long walk to school, winter days,
snow, soft and velvet-footed. The wind had cried
itself to sleep and the grass was starched with icy
snow, the children jingled with laughter as though
they had swallowed sleighbells.

Always there was a special scent for each season.
In spring, through open windows, the soft exultant
breath of green things completing their capture of
the willing countryside. In winter, the reassuring
fume of birch logs burning in the stove box; the
woolly smell of wet mittens laid on the shelf to dry;
the tiny acrid odors of chalk and fresh sponged
blackboards, of ink and pastepots. But autumn had
the tang of burgeoning bonfires, of beach trees
dropping their nuts on drying grass, fast winds
rushing down from reddening hills.

From his desk in the rear row, he studied the
backs of his schoolmates. Some of the girls had their
hair done up, others had braided pigtails tipped with
flaring red or blue bows, which rested like little
butterflies on their gingham dresses. Most of the
boys looked tan . . . scrubbed and uncomfortable.

There were many experiences to be exchanged,
but these would be deferred till lunch hour. Then
they would gather in little groups—at their desks
or under a shadowy elm—and open their tin lunch
pails. He would think of his and try to guess at
its contents. Usually he would have a thinly-but-
tered meat sandwich, a hard boiled egg with a pinch
of salt neatly wrapped in a small piece of waxed
paper, some pickle relish, and a cut of jelly roll he
had seen on the pantry shelf the night before.

But lunch was still a long way off. There
would be no recitations before the mid-day. There
was always time to thumb through the lesson books.
Arithmetic and grammer he shoved aside with scant
serutiny.: He would do them only as a duty—like
the nightly walk to bring home the cows. But he
lingered with quickened attention over the litera-
ture—much of it already familiar to him. Count
Leo Tolstoi’s ‘‘War and Peace,’’ Bunyon’s ‘‘Pil-
erim’s Progress’’ ... a story of doom and de-
liverance that always brought a lump to his throat.

He paged idly through the history book. There
was one place he had not noticed before and as he
read it through, he found his pulse beating faster
and faster. Then he read it again, whispering to
himself many of its rich, rolling passages. It was
Webster’s ‘‘Reply to Haynes.’’ That majestic plea for
the preservation of the Union. To him, already the
Union was a simple and solemn reality, for he had
devoured all the history and biography available to
him. The land of the people, the stern and rock-
bound coast of New England, the vast expanse of
hill and countryside, all indelibly etched in his mind.
Pictured in his mind, too, was the famous Massa-
ehusetts Bill of Rights—‘‘A government of laws
and not of men ..."

Through the weeks ahead he returned to the
oration again and again, until it was etched into his
memory. Often he felt that the spirit of Daniel
Webster—born not many miles away—looked over
his shoulder in encouragement. Someday he was
eoing to become a great orator ..a lawyer... finally,
but surely, a statesman.

Frequently on his way home after school he would
steal out into the woods. From a stump, he would
plead cases to the listening leaves. In a glistering
pine he saw the stern visage of the judge. Gnarled
branches became the faces of the jury. At last he
would trudge with reluctant feet back through the
field to the inevitable chores that awaited him at
home. What a degrading contrast from the fine
frenzy that possessed him in the woods! Must life’s
dream always dissolve into drudgery?

Sunday afternoons, too, he spent in the woods.
He was never happier than when the trees were
flaunting their gold and scarlet banners, when a haze
crept into the hollows of the hills, when the birds
were streaming south. Winter might be staking its
claims in the brown earth, but the pyres of the
leaves were still blazing defiance. In all this tessel-
lated sweep of color his heart was like a rhyme, ‘‘ with
the yellow and purple and the crimson keeping time.’’

He always felt things deeply, sorrows and joys
alike. He was too shy to completely adjust himself to
the rough-and-ready pattern of life at school. Too
often the careless jibes of his playmates would send
him shrinking timidly back to his desk, to sit there,
head resting in his hands, staring at the initials
earved by the jackknives of boys, gone generations
before. Had they, too, known sorrows and slights
and sufferings?

At times, he was downcast at his inability to
solve the enigmas of life and death. Someday, he
told himself, all would be clear. Someday he would
find the founts of happiness; someday he would learn
the secret of all the beckoning beauty in field and for-
est. He would know why high tides of bliss flooded
the human heart and then receded into the still sea
of memory. He would discover how man, born to
dream beyond all the hopes of earthly fulfillment...
was able to carry on with indomitable courage until
his body was at last sealed in a house roofed with sod.

But as the years passed him by ... that day
somehow had never come...

The forlorn figure twitched slightly, and the
half-hard smile became a straight line upon the sunken
face. The stillness was broken by the brassy blare
of a trumpety voice as it pushed the words through
the wicket of the door of cell 44.

“getreadyferexercise!!’’ ‘‘gerreadyferexercise!’’

The morning, still dark with left-over night,
slyly poked its head above the narrow slot of the cell
window, spotlighting the thin figure on the cot. He
is alone, his head cocked at an angle, as if listening
intently.

The world stands still, except for the blood
surging through his arteries and pounding in his
head. An icy coolness comes over him. All his
years flash by ... the first sip from the hired hand’s
bottle, the bitter-sweetness of the golden nectar. The
retching sickness that followed ... a fierce desire
smoldering within, erying more, more. A battle waged
... for him it was Gethsemane, a Gethsemane of
untold agony ... time paused for a moment to rest,
as if in silent decision ... It was inevitable...
He as a human being, with all his hopes and despairs,
was crushed. The never ending appetite for the
nectar of the gods could never be appeased; only
bottle after bottle would alleviate the suffering.. .

He was scolded, screamed at, sermonized. His
mother had tried to keep him straight, but she
ecouldn’t handle him; then there were the police.
Finally the judge . . . voices in the distant haze,
voices as in a dream. He rose and followed, nothing
stirred, save that the air was still ringing with the
call he heard. Before him stretched a gray level
land, where it was neither night nor day, but forlorn
and desolate beyond words.

Along the road what had been trees, though long
dead, seemed begging still to die. The place seemed
very still, still as a stone. Then, in a flash, he knew,
and cried in anguish—‘‘ What is this?’’ A row of
devils sat as if in judgment, gloating, shadowing
tapers of light shining on their chins and eyes, they
stared and spoke among themselves, while hour after
hour the dark and stars flowed by.

He rejoiced to turn and leave them there. In
merey freed from all his sins, he heard the tuning of
the violins, the rasp of bows, the silence lighten around
the strings. So beautiful it says ‘‘Home! Home
again!’

Old things passed away . .. all things became 
new ...

A gnarled hand reached for the desk phone...
A finger plunged to dial 5563, “Hello? .. . Doctor?
... This is Guard Heatherdon, first. floor, north side.
I have a death to report in cell 44... ”
