---
id: "317"
title: "On Humor Hill"
author: "HILLIKER, Norman G."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0031.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ON HUMOR HILL
by NORMAN G HILLIKER

COOPERATION

Much has been written about the football coach
who intereedes for his scholastically deficient All-
American player. His pleas are as practiced as his
plays. Now we have intercepted, from a midwest
University, a letter travelling laterally. It reads:

Dear Coach Broadshoulders:

Remembering our discussion of your football
men who were having troubles in English, I have
decided to ask you, in turn, for help. We feel that
Paul Spindleshanks, one of our most promising
scholars, has a chance for a Rhodes scholarship,
which would be a great thing for him and for our
college.

Paul has the academie record for this award,
but we find that the aspirant is also required to
have other excellences, and ideally should have a
good record in athletics. Paul is weak. He tries
hard, but be has troubles in athletics. But he does
try hard!

We propose that you give some special consider-
ation to Paul asa varsity player, putting him, if pos-
sible, in the backfield of the football team. In this
way we can show a better college record to the com-
mittee deciding on the Rhodes scholarships.

We realize that Paul will be a problem on the
field, but—as you have often said—cooperation be-
tween our department and yours is highly desirable,
and we do expect Paul to try hard, of course.

During intervals of study we shall coach him
as much as we can. His work in the English Club
and in the debating team will force him to miss
many practices, but we intend to see that he carries
an old football around to bounce (or whatever one
does with a football) during intervals in his work.

Sincerely,
Howdoyou Like Themapples,
Chairman, English Department

COMPENSATION

The psychologists tell us that odd-ball characters
will sometimes seek each other out and marry to
provide mutual compensation. Of course they phrase
it more politely, and never, never refer to people as
odd-ball characters.

But what I started to tell you about was this
thing they call compensation. It explains all the
adds you see in the lonely-hearts magazines reading
‘‘Lady with pet cobra would like to meet middle age
Hindu with flute.”

The greatest example of compensation I ever
saw was a married couple who lived in a remote
mountain shack. They had wandered down the
mountain to the village where fate had brought them
together. They were as inseperable as they were
insufferable.

The wife was the homliest woman I have ever
seen. She made a mud fence look like a flower show.
She had a face like a poem... with plenty of lines.
The most distinguishing feature of the husband was
his constant singing in tones that sounded like a
wounded water buffalo.

"I must confess (which is an ugly word in a penal
magazine) that I normally have enough sense to
avoid such people like an open manhole. But my
curiousity was stirred by these strange sights and
sounds.

When ! asked the husband what all the singing
was about, he replied that his dear old daddy had
told him that if he kept on singing he was bound to
get someplace. Of course, what his dear old daddy
must have had in mind was that when a guy keeps
howling that way he can’t possibly stay in one place.

Stubbornly curious, I asked him how he hap-
pened to marry such an ugly woman and why they
were always together. He told me that he must have
lost his head when he saw a woman wearing shoes.
He added that he would rather take her along than
kiss her goodbye. She claimed that she felt safer
when they were together. But it was obvious that
no matter where she was, she was safer than a glass
of milk at an American Legion convention.

Finally he started boasting about how useful
she was on the farm.

"Why say," he drawled, “‘when the big wind
blew away the scarecrow, I made my wife stand out
in the corn field one day. Them danged crows got
so seared they brought back corn they stole last
vear.’’

That’s what is known as compensation.
