---
id: "318"
title: "Farewell and Impressions"
author: "McHugh, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“Grace be to you and peace from God our Father.’’—St. Paul

Farewell... and Impressions
by Reb. John J. McHugh, Catholic Chaplain

The news of the transfer of Father Edwin
Gallagher from chaplain of this institution to ad-
ministrator of St. Michael’s Church in Philadelphia,
was sadly received by the many friends he had
made in the six years he had spent here. The men
indicated their high esteem and respect for Father
Gallagher by their gift on the occasion of his de-
parture. The inscription, ‘‘Priest, Friend and Con-
fessor’’, expressed in full their sentiments. To
Father Gallagher we wish success and happiness in
his hew assignment.

How does one react to the appointment as
Chaplain of a Penitentiary? I confess it was with
mixed emotions and many misconstrued notions. I
depicted the men as being resentful, surly and bitter ;
the personne! as overlords with Simon Legree tactics.

These false impressions were dispelled immedi-
ately. I found, to my great satisfaction, that many
displayed a marvelous sense of humor and adjust
to institutional life readily. The big consolation
was the realization of the men that spiritual guid-
ance can be beneficial. The sincerity of those who
attend Mass and devotions regularly was most grati-
fying. However, much is to be desired of those who
refuse the consolation of religion.

The acceptance by the men of the many facili-
ties, provided to improve themselves, by the rehabili-
tation program was most encouraging. The sympa-
thetic understanding of the personnel towards the
men affords harmonious relationships. All in all,
the entire program to develop the “whole man”’,
spiritual, physical and cultural is a credit to the
institution and it is a privilege to be part of it.
