---
id: "319"
title: "That Ye Might Have Life"
author: "Reynolds, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
"Who for the joy ... endured the cross.’’—St. Paul

That Ye Might Have Life...
by Reb. Gordon Reynolds, Protestant Chaplain

During these Lenten days it is well to pitch our
mental tents about the thought of the life principle;
always bearing in mind that fruit is borne—not by
doine—but by dying. When we come to the end of
ourselves—our finite resources—we find the beginning
of God. Our extremity is always God’s opportunity.
The sincere follower of our Lord early discovers
that in the quest of Spiritual power and vitality,
there is something to give up, Something to take up
and someone to follow up. We point you to the
words of our Master: ‘“‘If any man will come after
me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and
follow me!’’

The Bible contains this life principle. A pro-
fessor in one of our large universities held a little
brown seed in his hand. He said to his class, ‘‘I
know just exactly the composition of this seed. It
has in it hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen. I can
make a seed exactly like this seed but the seed I
would make and plant lacks what we eall the life
principle. The seed I would make would rot and
die, but the seed God made gives life and reproduces
itself.’’ Let a man read the Bible and it will reach
him where nothing else can or will. Let him study
it and he will be introduced to the heart of God.
Let him ask his questions and he will find his answers.
Let him test the pages and he will experience the
power of God.

Our bodies live by two processes, assimilation
and elimination—taking in and giving out. The
soul grows by the same two methods. Read a pas-
sage of the scriptures—not too many—then stop
and ask this question, “O God, what is im these
verses that you commend? Is it in my life? If it isn’t,
help me to take it IN now.’’ That is assimilation.
Then, ask this question, ‘‘God, what is in these verses
that you condemn? Are they in my life? If so, help
me to take them OUT now.”’ By the proper use of
these processes we will discover that the life-prin-
ciple will take root, our love for Christ will be-
come more perfect and we will be able to serve
Him more worthily.
