---
id: "321"
title: "The War We Lost"
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE 
WAR
WE
LOST

by HENRY MYERS and WILLIAM CONREY

“You got a letter here.’’

""Hot dog!""

“Man, you sure know the right people.”

""The best.’’

“It’s a greeting from Uncle Sam.”

""Oh, my God!""

At New Cumberland Induction Center the Med-
ics needled me as though it were going out of style.

They put so many holes in me I feared I was
going to leak to death. I heard I even got a shot
to prevent me from catching a baseball. A deep-
seated feeling of compassion lingers in my heart for
dart boards the world over, a chronic mental con-
cession perhaps to my happy, happy days at the Gap.

However, New Cumberland wasn’t half the fun
Fort Bragg proved to be. Here they took my poor
sad civilian body and turned it into an infantry
man. Here, indeed, was an education. I was taught
first that I was a meat head. The President and
Congress must have been nuts taking on a war with
misbegotten material like us inductees to back it up.

We blushed.

I learned which end of a rifle the bullet came
out of, which end to point at the enemy, and where
the trigger was. They put a bayonet on its end and
taught us how to slash it into the enemy, an ominous
looking dummy. I never did quite get the hang of
slashing it in; the best I could come up with was a
kind of gentle slish. The Sarge, I fear, never had
much hope for me. Seems | couldn’t quite perfect
the correct snarl needed. I’d start out okay and
then rip that old blade in to the hilt, but somehow
just when the snarl was getting real good my partial
plate would slip a little and my snarl would get
more like a wet raspberry noise.

They took us on twenty-mile hikes, rain or shine.
Over obstacle courses where some long past inductee
had dug a trench with his nose, and had left a few
stones, because I inhaled them while fifty caliber
slugs burned the air above my shrinking butt.

Thirteen weeks later a news-reel man took our
pictures as we climbed the gang-plank at the P. O. E.,
no longer weak kneed meat heads, but the iron might
of young America on the move, embarking to take
on the murderous robots of Fascism. Ready to give
our all, our strength and blood and very lives even,
for freedom’s call.

That part about the blood worried me. How
much blood?

England was wet. They let us hang around
awhile, and we didn’t see too much of it before they
had us on another boat, headed, as far as I was con-
cerned, in the wrong direction on the Channel.

eee
oe _ a
oo Se
——— a
ae eee
wal re —
——— eee
— ———
Tr
ae ee ee
— SS at Lo ie

Only those who have been there can see it as it
was. Pictures have been painted across thousands of
sereens and millions of newspapers, but only in part.
Because you cannot see, taste or smell the fear, nor
the desperate hungry eye-search for one lttle piece
of beach you could plunge into to be wholely en-
veloped, womb-deep, safe.

Nor the wetness that was dry because your fears
could not cater to such a petty realization.

Running crazy wild and suddenly finding your
rifle an integral part of you now, blasting at shapes
of things, killing at its own accord. The beach is
yours, distrustfully so, and you’re now a rifle man
in every sense. This the newspapers can’t picture.

This is Omaha, the red beach.

We walked inland. Highty miles and four days.
Along the roads and through the hedges. Learning
as we went the minuet of the fire-fight. Mud on our
feet, our guts in our teeth, trust in God and faith
alone in the red-hot voice of the slamming Garands.
Until a bigger voice, clamoring like a run-away

EASTERN ECHO

train out of hell, lifted me up and rocked me in dark-
ness to the aria of my screaming heart.

Somewhere above me a lady Limey voice spoke
kind orders. Orders to rest, to go back to sleep,
your all right now, just rest. And I rested. This is
sleep, I told myself, not death. How much of me

lived, how much of me was somewhere back there by
the hedges? I knew not. Cared not.

They were good. God bless medical men, every-
where. A cranky, cantankerous old Colonel cursed
me and riled me for having such stupid bones and
blood and muscles that fly off like cowards when
part of the barrage hits them. But you know, he
was kind of like God. The army gave me some med-
als, but he gave me my life.

On both sides. of the Atlantic the medics played
eateh with death, with me as the ball. Seven months
in bed at General Tilton Hospital, Fort Dix, New
Jersey, and old man Death gave up the match, he
just couldn’t keep up the pace those medics kept.

And so I gave my pound of flesh ... I paid the
piper too, because I was on parole when that letter
came, and after I got out of uniform, honorably
discharged, darned if I didn’t get messed up with
the law again. I went back to jail and right away was
advised that "due to your conviction, the time you
spent on parole doesn’t count. You lose that time."
"How about my service time?"
“It doesn’t count, either."
Still have my honorable discharge; got them
scars, got some army teeth; I wonder... ? 
