---
id: "323"
title: "Intra Muros"
author: "Hilliker, Norman G."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
INTRA MUROS

by NORMAN G. HILLIKER

CHESS COMPETITION

The silent strategists of chess have recently been
organized into an officially sanctioned club here at
EASTERN. It all started during the autumn weeks,
when an invitational tournament was conducted by
Marty Pearson.

There were only 16 players in the original group
and games were played on week-ends or whenever
two players could get together. A round-robin series
of games was played to determine which men should
be placed in each of three divisions. Marty made up
a Schedule for each man and turned them loose to
seek out their opponents. As the games were played,
the results were turned in to Marty for tabulation
using an elaborate point system.

At the completion of the round-robin play, the
actual tournament games were started with the play-
ers competing with men of equal ability in each of
the divisions. Prizes were awarded to the best and
runner-up in each group.

Winners in A class were Andy Paschedag and
Bill Hallowell.

B class winners were Frank Ferrera and Al
Rade.

Winners in C class were Bill Cressman and Ber-
nard Jacobs.

While the tournament was in progress permis-
sion was granted for the players to use the staff
conference room evenings. At the conclusion of the
invitational tournament an open tournament was
started and notices were posted on bulletin boards.
Forty players responded.

The new tournament is now well underway,
with Andy Paschedag and Marty Pearson keeping
records, refereeing, instructing and participating.
Whether you are a “wood pusher’’ or a Reshevsky
you’re welcome to join the club.

The players and prison officials agree that chess
has a definite place in a rehabilitative program. The
student learns to develop his thinking capacity and
to improve his memory. He must acquire the virtue
of patience and the necessity of using his own judge-
ment. He also learns to lose and profit by his loss.
There is no other game that can illustrate quite so
dramatically the consequences of greed and impul-
siveness.

ADDRESS ON TRADE JOURNALS

One of the most interesting and informative
afternoons ever known to the EASTERN journal-
ism class was Wed., Nov. 20. The occasion was the
appearance of guest speaker Glen W. Simon, assist-
ant secretary of the Middle Atlantic Lumbermen’s
Association.

Mr. Simon’s topic was trade journals. His en-
thusiasm and command of the subject was immedi-
ately apparent to all present during his compact
presentation of the history and purpose of ‘‘busi-
ness papers’’.

In citing the role played by 12,000 National
Associations in raising the American living standard,
Mr. Simon showed how their trade journals become
vital instruments. Journals serve to keep members
informed on all pertinent developments including
research, legislation, sales training, forecasting
trends, etc.; their editorials criticize, guide, crusade
and pioneer, Simon told the class.

The primary purpose of the trade journal, Si-
mon stressed, is to assist the members to develop
better products and services. The greatest bene-
factor of this type stimulus among business com-
petitors is, in the final analysis, the public.

Mr. Simon brought a tape recorder to the class-
room to illustrate the variety of services available
to members of modern associations. The remainder
of the class period was devoted to listening to an
actual sales training tape as prepared for distribu-
tion to member dealers.

The efforts of instructors Ray Whittaker and
Dick Watson to provide complete and authoritative
coverage on all phases of journalism have exceeded
the expectations of the most optimistic student.
