---
id: "325"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "1"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1958_body0038.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Editor and Staff: .

I received my EASTERN ECHO and have been absorbed
in it—great praise is due you all for the increasingly splen-
did quality of the publication.

Your style in the profile on Big Jim Ford is masterful—
unerringly simple and direct—it must surely capture the
marvelous qualities of this practical spiritual person. Know-
ing Ford thru your words is a rich experience.

Superintendent Banmiller’s article is excellent—what
a compassionate keen mind he is—I cannot think of any
better qualities of thought as further attributes to a man
in his position.

James Morrison’s account and tribute to Joe Paull is
to me a supreme example of a man living in the world and
making fullest use of its goods to further the embetterment
of human life. Susan Glaspell says in ‘‘Inheritors:’’ ‘‘Be
the most you can be, so that life can be more because you
were.’’ She might have well been speaking of Mr. Paull.

Thank you again, so much, for making EASTERN ECHO
the inspiration it is to me and to countless others as well I
am sure. Yours and the staff’s is a creative life.

Sydney Walker
New York, N. Y.

Mr. Walker is currently on a national tour with Eugene
O’Neill’s play, ‘‘Long Day’s Journey Into Night.’’
Editor

Dear Editor:

I received my copy of ECHO (Winter of ’57). Enjoyed
reading it, especially articles on people who have helped the
boys. No one deserves a better write-up than Mr. Joe Paull.
LI feel you slipped up on failing to mention other wardens
whom I am sure cooperated with Mr. Paull.

Margaret R. Martin

Dear Mrs. Martin:

I feel sure that the following letter from Mr. Paull is
self-explanatory. We regret the oversigh’ in failing to men-
tion others who have cooperated with Mr. Paull in giving a
helping hand to the men.

Editor

Editor:

Congratulations to the editorial staff for doing a fine
job... Somehow, we neglected to mention the fine coopera-
tion I received from the late Col. Martin and the Adminis-
trators of the prison, without whose cooperation my work
would have been impossible.

Joe Paull

Editor EASTERN ECHO:

We so often hear ‘‘Nothing new under the sun’’ and ‘‘It
can’t happen here.’’ However, it did happen there and it is
something new.

THE EASTERN ECHO is an excellent publication, an
outlet and informative. I like it.

Sincerely,

Somers R. Adams
Aldan, (Del. Co.) Penna.

Dear Mr. Adams:
Yes, it did happen here. It is something new. Years

36

ago an inmate publication was unheard of, but due to prog-
ress in our penal systems, the voice of the inmate is now
being heard. Let us hope that the voice of the HASTERN
ECHO will be instrumental in bridging the gap between
imprisoned men and free men.

Editor

Dear Bob:

I have just finished reading the Winter issue of THE
EASTERN ECHO. I am deeply impressed by the profession-
al quality of the magazine. It has a smarter format than
many journals with wider circulation and more impressive
budgets.

I am vitally interested in the field of Penology, although
my teaching fields are in Philosophy, Religion, and Speech.

If I can be of any assistance in your work, please let
me know. I would be glad to correspond with any of the
men interested in problems related to my academic disci-
plines.

Again, congratulations on a superb publication.

Prof. Joseph D. Billups,
Alderson-Broaddus College,
Philippi, W. Va.

Editor: (Via Associate Cressman):

It was very kind of you to send me the ‘‘HASTERN
ECHO: and first off I want to congratulate you on an ex-
cellent magazine. ‘‘Not A Creature Was Stirring’’ was
quite well done, and of course appropriate. The article on
Progressive Penology interested me very much. I liked the
profile, too. In fact, the whole issue seemed to me to be
thought-provoking and well presented.

Jean T. Freeman,
Editorial Associate
(Ladies Home Journal)

' Editor (Via John Zak):

I am looking forward to the next issue of your institu-
tion’s publication (ECHO). It seems like too long a time
between each issue.

Robert R. Hannum,
Osborne Association Inc.,
New York, N. Y.

Dear Mr. Hannum:
We are still an infant in Penal Press publications.
However, we hope to be bi-monthly soon.

Editor

Editor: (Via Compositor Bill Conrey):
We surely liked the HCHO ... we are anxious to get
the Spring copy.
Jim and Olive Dalton,
Flint, Michigan

Dear Jim and Olive:
Welcome aboard the ECHO bandwagon. We are always
glad to gain new friends.
Editor

Editor:

There’s a fine woodcarver in No 1 Hobby Shop by the
name of Bakey. Seems like a good bet for a ‘‘Profile.’’
How about it? ;
Charles Mooney
Bill Russell
EH. Ferguson

Editor:

Big Keith of the print Shop deserves a ‘‘Profile’’ in
ECHO. Quiet, good personality and liked by the entire
inmate body.

Jimmy Jackson
Jesse James Young

It seems that you fellows gazed into a crystal ball and
came up with the right answer. We shall try to do profiles
on Keith and Bakey in our June Issue.

Editor
