---
id: "330"
title: "Contents"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo
Vol. 3   Summer of 58   No. 2

Joseph J. Cuff, Editor
James Morrison, Managing Editor 
Henry Myers, Associate Editor
Norman G. Hilliker, Feature Editor
Jesse Burch, Poetry Editor 
Joseph MeNeair, Sports Editor
Henry Gatens, Circulation Manager
Raymond Thompson, Makeup Asst. 
Bernard Jacobs, Exchange Editor
Walter Stepper and John Greco, Photographers

Artists: Robert F. Cullen, William Wright. Staff Writers: William Conrey, Nicholas B.
Harper, Theodore J. Dennis, Binford H. Smith. Advisors: Leo McMahon, Joe Brown,
Dave Howard.

CONTENTS

ARTICLES   EMPLOYER WANTED                       Frank H. Terres   4
           ANALYSIS ... HUMAN RIGHTS              Joseph J. Cuff  14
           THE QUALITY OF MERCY               Andre L. Paschedag  16

FEATURES   FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT'S DESK   William J. Banmiller   2
           CAGE TWO                               Joseph J. Cuff   3
           PROFILE                              Binford H. Smith   8
           THE COMPLEX THAT IS THREE BLOCK        Bernard Jacobs  10
           THE GOSPEL TRAIN STOPS AT EASTERN  Theodore J. Dennis  28
           EXPRESSION IN COLOR                   Frank H. Terres  32

STORIES    THE MOUNTAIN           Henry Myers and William Conrey  18
           JOEY                                   Joseph J. Cuff  21

RELIGION   SPEECH A BLESSING                 Rev. John J. McHugh  13
           WHAT IS YOUR LIFE?               Rev. Gordon Reynolds  13

SPORTS     BASKETBALL                                             22
           SOFTBALL                                               25

ALSO       CONVERSATION                           Bernard Jacobs   6
           FOR CONSIDERATION                                       7
           FOR THE ECHO RECORD                                     7
           SNOOPY                                 Joseph J. Cuff  26
           POETRY                                                 31
           BACK STAGE                           Charles M. Tobin  34
           MUSIC IN OUR AIR                       Bernard Jacobs  34
           INTRA MUROS                        Norman G. Hilliker  35
           THE EASTERN ECHO MAIL BAG               Inside Back Cover

           COVER BY MORRISON

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
George M. Leader, Governor 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Thomas D. McBride, Attorney General
BUREAU OF CORRECTION
Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner — Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner
EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY
William J. Banmiller, Superintendent

THE EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary
at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, It’s editors, or the institution itself, cannot be held responsible
for plagiarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.

Dear Reader:

Judging from the many
letters that were received,
the Spring issue of ECHO
was a suecess. Your
comments were flattering
and your constructive
criticisms appreciated.
We now present the Sum-
mer issue of ECHO.

Every publication has
a one-two punch. Our
one-two combination lies
in From the Superinten-
dent's Desk, P-2 and
Cage Two, P-3, wherein
Superintendent Banmiller
and Editor Cuff bring a
message of extreme im-
portance.

On P-4, Employer
Wanted, by Frank Terres,
presents a problem that
has plagued the prisoner
for years. The problem
is presented and a solu-
tion is given . . . P-9,
profiles one of our fellow
inmates... . Turning to
P-10, we make a tour of
our prison hospital, a
word picture of how
a prison hospital is
operated.

Knowing that all men
share an interest in the
rights of humans, our
Editor gives us, Analysis
... Human Rights, on
P-14. On P-16, Andre
L. Paschedag's The
Quality of Mercy, is an
answer to the critics who
condemn acts of mercy
towards prisoners. This
should open the eyes of
society, and give the true
picture . . . Joey, on P-
21, is the story of a little
boy who, at last, is in
the throes of growing up.

This issue would not
be complete without a
heart-warming story de-
voted to Mother, and our
Poetry Editor, Jesse
Burch, creates a master-
piece in Bouquet of
Words on P-31.

There you have it,
Dear Reader. We invite
your letters letting us
know how YOU hike our
efforts.

COVER
Tackling his big “prob-
lem”, our subject needs
a helping hand. How
about you? Will you
help him?
