---
id: "333"
title: "Employer Wanted"
author: "TERRES, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
EMPLOYER WANTED

by FRANK H. TERRES

SITUATION WANTED: Acct., Office Mgr,
43 yrs. old, 20 yrs. exp. includes C.P.A.,
Industrial, Insurance, Governmental and Sml.
Bus. 5 yrs. with last employer. Offer all talents
and interest to any concern who will offer
security and fair treatment. Salary require-
ments below standard if assured of merit re-
wards. Call PO 5-1106 day or night.

SITUATION WANTED: Man in Prison. Has
served 5 yrs. on 10 yr. sentence. Wireible for
parole. Wishes employment with good company
and opportunity to reestablish himself in
society. Willing to start at $50.00 per wk., in
order to prove real value. Acct., Ofc. Mgr.,
43 yrs. old, 20 yrs. exp. including C.P. -A. in-
dustrial, Insurance, Governmental and Sml. Bus.

If the hypothetical advertisements above, were
to appear in our local newspapers, I wonder what
appeal each would have for prospective employers?
Fortunately for Inmates, there are some of our
readers to whom both would have an equal appeal.
Unfortunately, there are too many to whom the
second advertisement would have no appeal. It is
to this group that these words are directed.

Gentlemen, what is it that makes the thought
of hiring a man with a prison record so distasteful?
Can you logically justify your reasoning? Or, do
you use the stereotype phrases, ‘‘ Well, it just isn’t
the thing to do!" ___ "It isn't a good risk!" ____  "I
can’t afford to take the chance!’’____‘‘Why should
I hire a man who has turned to crime? He might
decide to do it again!’’__‘‘Read the papers. Every
page you turn to, tells of some ‘‘Parolee’’ getting
into trouble!’’ These are the answers that I hear
daily. And yet, are they reasonable answers? Or,
has adverse publicity and misunderstanding of penal
institutions created this trend of thought?

I think it is important that the general con-
ception, and mental image formed when the word
‘‘convict’’? is spoken or read, be immediately de-
stroyed. Having led a normal, socially acceptable
life for a number of years, I am very familiar with
that misconception. I held such opinions. When
I read the headlines ‘‘EX-CONVICT BEING HELD
FOR MURDER!’’, I, too, commented vehemently
against the powers that turned such people out to
recommit crimes. I formed a fallacy in my mind
whenever I heard the word "Convict’’, "Parolee’’,
or ‘‘Inmate’’ mentioned. Had I not been placed
into prison for my own misconduct, I would still be
laboring under this unfair, misguided fallacy. ie;

Tom Jones was a Convict.

Tom Jones was a vicious person.

Therefore, all convicts are vicious persons.

As you can readily understand, this is utterly
ridiculous. J live with these so-called ‘‘vicious’’
persons. I eat, sleep, discuss politics, attend church,
participate in sports and listen to the woes, plans
‘and hopes of this group of men who have been
labeled “‘vicious’’ by the general public. It is one
of the most unfair, biased attitudes that man could
take. The larger percentage of these: men are ac-
ceptable and likeable. From personal failure, they
have developed an empathy for their fellow man
that far exceeds the quality of empathy imbued in
your fellow citizen. ‘True, there are some men re-
siding behind prison walls who would fit into the
category of being ‘‘unacceptable’’. They are men
who have no gratitude, consideration, or merey.
Frankly, gentlemen, this type of man also resides in
your own city. He has never been to prison. How-
ever, the acts and functions of this parasite is the
constant concern of your neighbors and yourself.
But, do you classify your community by the misdeeds
of the minority? J sometimes wonder if your per-
centage of ‘‘good citizens’’ is as high as our per-
centage of “good parolees’’. To familiarize you
with our percentage, allow me to quote some figures
that were printed in one of Philadelphia’s local
newspapers. These figures, printed May 7, 1957, were
compiled by William lL. Jacks, statistician for the
Pennsylvania Board of Parole.

“Of the men placed on parole for the year
ending May 31,1956, 88.5% were doing a good job
and maintaining their status in society. This means
that only 11.5% were returned to prison. But, wait!
Of the 11.5% who were returned to prison, 4.9%
went back because they violated the rules of parole!
In most cases, for doing things that would be per-
fectly legal for the rest of society!’’

These figures were based on the total of 5,630
parolees under supervision. Just think, 4,985 of
these men were men who justified the faith of the
parole board’s cecision. The picture is much brigat-
er when you add the 278 who went back because of
violation of the rules.

This seems to belie the accepted opinion that
“parolees’’ are poor risks. Unfortunately, the ar-
ticle was not “‘headlined’’. Quite the reverse from
the publicity received when a ‘‘parolee’’ gets into
trouble.

Our fourth estate, although realizing the ‘‘news-
value’’ of lurid head-lines, has publicly admitted that
newspapers present an unfair picture of the parole
situation. Further, newspapers throughout the
United States hire **parolees’’ regularly. They print
adverse stories for their ‘‘news-value’’. They want
to sell papers. hat is their job. But, how. do
they feel as individuals? Let us look into the feel-
ings of Mr. Charlies Shaw, News Director, Station
WCAU, Phila., Pa. Mr. Shaw, who has been in the
newspaper field for over 25 years, had this to say
when addressing the Middle Atlantic States Con-
ference On Crime and Delinquency, at Atlantic City,
N.J., in May 1957.

‘‘The whole system of probation, parole and
pardon is threatened—to what degree I don’t know—
by the public’s failure to realize, and by the farlure
of the media to inform them that the vast majority
of parolees in Pennsylvania, never get into trouble
once they are released from confinement. The small
minority that do get into trouble make the headlines.’’

Later in his address, he emphasized—"The
trouble is that the general public doesn’t hear—can’t
hear—about the parolees, the other ex-convicts who
have made good.’’ He goes on to cite men who have
become pillars of society, but who had served time
in the Penitentiary. Mr. Shaw presented the reason
you are not aware of these men. “‘But they
(Parolees) are not going to come forward to say—and
if he can help it, he’s not going to let anybody else
say—that he’s an ex-convict who made good. The
life he has built since his release from prison would
erash into ruins’’.

Gentlemen, this is a sad state of affairs. We
must suffer the results of adverse publicity, but we
cannot profit by the greater percentage of ‘“‘good
parolees’? because such publicity would result in
public crucifixion of their wives and children, as
well as their place in society. Remember, these are
the words spoken by a newspaper man!

You, as part of society, will agree that a man
should be taken out of society if he will not live
according to its rules. Most of us agree with you. 

However, it is your tax money that is helping to
furnish the facilities for our rehabilitation. It 1s
an expensive proposition. And yet, when we attempt
to hand you the dividend in a fu:ly reaabiitated man,
you refuse the product of your own machination.
You reject the man who, in good faith, has accepted
the ultimatum you handed down to him. The ulti-
matum that he must pay his debt and rehabilitate
himself before he can return to society. This just
doesn’t make sense!! By rejecting him what are
you, in effect, doing to your own social structure?
If a man is told that society expects h’'m to overcome
his weakness; if he is told that he should strive to
educate and rehabilitate himself; if he is toid that
once he has accomplished this fact he will have proven
himself to be ready to return to society; if he is to:d
that he will be met halfway by the public upon his
return, and these promises are ignored! !
What has society accomplished??? What, in heavens
name, are you trying to do to your own social system ?
Is this the incentive that is being established for an
individual to become a useful and productive citizen ?

Or, are you emulating Dr. Frankenstein, and creating
a product that shall eventually be released to society
with a vengeful, antagonistic attitude?

Those percentages that I gave you a while back.
They were not manufactured by the writer in an
effort to ‘‘Whitewash’’ prisoners because he is one
himself. They are factual records and can be
verified. My concern goes forward to the time when
I, once again, shall be a useful member of society.
I am concerned about the ignorance of facts that is
causing a decline in the structure of society. I am
concerned about you! What is gomg to happen in
the future when thousands upon thousands of men
shall be declared rehabilitated and ready to be ab-
sorbed by society. Your newspapers are crying
about the deplorable situation of ‘‘Juvenile De-
linquency’’. They are submitting thousands of ideas
as to what to do to reduce the malignancy. One of
the most accepted ideas is to place them in institu-
tions and retrain them so that they will realize the
responsibilities associated with citizenship in our
country. This is a wonderful idea. But, if you
are going to spend the money for this education,
and once he has become aware of his responsibility
and is ready to accept this responsibility, are you
gvoing to say “‘The hell with him, let someone else
hire him!’’ Who is shirking their responsibilities
as citizens now? Believe me, gentlemen, if you
purposely built an institution for the manufacture
of criminals, you couldn’t have done a better job.
Everytime you classify all prisoners by the action
of one, you are adding fuel to the stokers that give
energy to crime. You are ignoring the basic foun-
dation of the principles upon which our country was
founded. Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
They are becoming hollow and elusive words.

I wish it were possible for each one of you to
come in and visit with us. I wish it were possible
for you to sit and talk to some of the men whom
society, and probably yourself, have labeled ‘‘vi-
cious’’. I would like to hear your remarks and see
your reactions. J have noticed it in others who came
to visit us for the first time. Needless to say, they
are continual visitors and supporters. You ean make
such a visit possible. J am certain that ‘‘would-be’’
employers would be made welcome as visitors. You
ean talk to us and form your own opinions. When
you leave the prison (which, fortunately, you can do)
compare the opinion you hold with the one you held
previously.

From past experiences, we don’t expect much
from society. But then, we are not asking much of
society. We only wished to be judged, individually,
for what we are. Not for what we were. We are
willing to talk of our mistakes in life. We are
anxious to show that we have profited by these mis-
takes. Many of us have fulfilled our obligations to
the state and society. We are willing and ready to
accept a much easier assignment. That of just being,
Mr. Citizen.

You gentlemen, who have children—did they
ever make a mistake? If they did, you punished
them for it. However, they were not rejected after
the punishment period had been finished. Didn’t
you ‘‘eut the punishment short’’ on occasions? I
am sure you did. You felt that they had learned
their lesson, and would not make the same mistake.
But, you probably cautioned the child on future
conduct. Perhaps you even told him of the punish-
ment he might expect if he did it again. Wasn’t
this a type of “Parole? Oh yes, the nature on
our crimes are proportionately greater. However,
the length of our punishment is greater also. But,
the authorities thought that we had learned our
lesson. So, in some cases, they are “‘cutting the
punishment short. We are being placed on parole.
We know what to expect if we fail to justify their
confidence. But our parole needs the sanction of
other people besides our parole authorities. We need
your vote of confidence and acceptance. Without
ip we cammoy be released. ou see, you are avery
important person in the whole program. You might
even be compared to Nero. ‘‘Thumbs down,’’ we
go back to the dungeon. ‘‘Thumbs up,’’ we have a
chance to fulfill the life for which we were intended.

From another viewpoint, look upon us as possible
value to your company. For this purpose, compare
us with the inanimate. Supposing you were in the
market for a machine needed for production. Nat-
urally, you desire a machine that can do the necessary
job at the least possible expenditure. Your decision
is between two machines. Both salesmen are, under-
standably, praising their product. One of them,
however, frankly tells you of the former bad points
in his machine. He tells you, that his company
wanted the product to be ‘‘right’’ before presenting
it to the consumer. He further tells you, they
dedicated five years to additional research, and took
the machine off the market, until they were assured
it would do the job it represents! He finally offers
you an amazing proposition. His company will give
you five years of free service on this product, until
you are assured the machine is entirely satisfactory!
Would you be impressed? J would be.

Surely, you can see the parable. That is ex-
actly what we offer in a man released on parole. Our
product was taken off the market. We have had
the product under surveillance and expended monies
in research. We have diligently worked to dispense
with the ‘‘bugs’’ in our product that made it pre-
viously unfit for public consumption. Our staff is
assured that the product is now ready for the market.

However, we shall give you, free of charge an in-
spection team eomprised of a parole agent and
sponsor. They will insure proper functioning. We
want the product to be all it represents. Rest as-
sured, if our product doesn’t function properly, it
shall be returned to the factory for more research.

So much has been printed about those parolees
who failed, that I cannot ‘‘pass-up’’ the opportunity
to publicize a man who made good. I am certain
that many of you have heard of Charles Ward. He
is the head of Brown & Bigelow. The head of this
huge company served a term behind prison bars.
Then he went out and became a multimillionaire.
Mention of this is made by Erle Stanley Gardner in
the March issue of Argosy.

An exception to the rule? Only in two ways.
In becoming a multimillionaire and, in not carimg
about making the fact known to the public that he
is an ex-convict! You see, gentlemen, Mr. Ward is
in a position where the petty malice of other people
cannot harm him, nor his family.

As I have previously stated, we do not ask much.
We do not seek preference over others. We don’t
believe, as others would have you think we believe,
that the world owes us a living. We are only asking
to be met halfway. We only wish to be considered
for our ability and potentiality. Many of us have
the abilities you seek. We hope that you will come
to understand and consider us as potential, useful
manpower. We have been analyzed. With your
cooperation, we would like to be utilized.
