---
id: "334"
title: "Conversation"
author: "Jacobs, Bernard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CONVERSATION

by BERNARD JACOBS

As Exchange Editor of “THE EASTERN
ECHO," my duties are to read all exchanges re-
ceived from other institutions, and to make notes on
articles and stories that will prove interesting to
our (THE ECHO) readers.

One of America’s foremost Penal Press Publica-
tions is ‘‘THE MENTOR” published by the inmates
of Massachusetts State Prison at South Walpole.

In the April 1958, issue of THE MENTOR, two
items struck me as ideally suited for this issue of
THE ECHO ... From THE PASSING SHOW by
STAN...

THE JOINT IS FILLING UP: If they keep coming
in as they have been these past few months, where
are they going to put them? The prison has room
for approximately 900 men, including the segrega-
tion and new men’s section. The count is far over
that figure now—and every week men are being
transferred. The problem is easy to solve—just give
more men paroles. Surely, there are many men in
here who are deserving of being granted a parole
who were previously denied one.

TRIAL BY BATTLE: An interesting development
of law and justice in crime annals took place in
England and was known as “Trial By Battle.’ In
simple words it was nothing more than whaling the
tar out of your opponent. In those days, when a
man was accused of any civil or criminal offense he
could face his accuser in the presence of qualified
judges and fight it out with no holds barred. The
winner being legally declared right in the dispute.
The loser, of course would, as the saying goes, ‘‘Be
left holding the bag.’’ Out of this system of law
and justice emerged champions or substitutes, be-
cause very often women and feeble men who could
not defend themselves had to hire professional
fighters to do battle for them. This training and
keeping fighting champions for hire became ‘‘Big
Business’’—and many were schemers and connivers
who became rich on it’s profits. This system of law
and justice existed for many years. Finally King
Edward signed a decree that anyone accused or
challenged to a trial by battle could refuse and
demand a trial by jury. It was not until 1819, how-
ever, that the law was entirely wiped from the books
in England. So it is only a little more than a 100
years ago that a defendant had the right to insist
that his prosecutor ‘‘Put Up His Dukes’’ to prove
his accusations against him.

IMAGINE, if you can, a deal like that in opera-
tion today. Oh, Brother!
