---
id: "335"
title: "For Consideration"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For Consideration

EDITOR’S NOTE: The following questions were
submitted to the Institution Staff Meeting of Mon-
day, April 21, 1958.

Question :
Why are eye glasses so expensive?

Staff Answer:
Any interested optician can bid on the contract
for eye glasses. You cannot estimate the cost of
eye glasses by newspaper advertisements.

Question :
Inmate committees have been successful in other
institutions. Why not have one here at E.S.P.?

Staff Answer:
The success of inmate committees has not been
fully established and in many institutions proven
wanting. We feel that our present program is more
individualized and is sufficient to handle all prob-
lems. In addition it is consistent to modern prison
philosophy and practice.

Question :
Why couldn’t men trying to get jobs lined up
preparatory to release get a statement from the
Treatment Staff listing I.Q., aptitude and other in-
formation helpful to a job seeker:

Staff Answer:
This institution welcomes contacts with poten-
tial employers and encourages prospective employers
to interview the prisoner who will soon be released.
That information which is not of a confidential na-
ture and will not embarrass the prisoner, his family
or friends, is available to a prospective employer.
This would include aptitude, work performance, pre-
vious experience, institutional experience, etc.
