---
id: "336"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For the Echo Record

TEN YEARS TOPS

In Cuba, there is no death penalty and the maxi-
mum term allowed by the Constitution is 20 years.
All lifers are entitled to a fifty percent deduction
for good behavior.

There is no such thing as parole, and en a
prisoner goes free before his time is up for good be-
havior, he is as free as any other human being and
not subject to any restrictions. The practical result
is that with good behavior, nobody is in prison for
more than 10 years—The RAIFORD RECORD

FRIEND OF THE INMATES

Judge helps prisoners right wrongs. Circuit
Judge Dale Souter believes that when a man is sen-
tenced to a prison a judge ‘‘should do something
for him as well as to him.’’

‘‘I want him to feel that I’m at his side,’’ he
told the State Corrections Commission at Lansing, -
Michigan.

Souter spends hundreds of hours and dollars
to help the men he has sent to prison from his court
in Grand Rapids, where he has served thirteen years.

Souter, 69, will retire from the bench next year.
Ile plans to help right the wrongs society and pris-
oners have inflicted on each other.—The RAIFORD
RECORD

EDITORS NOTE: ECHO commends Circuit Judge
Dale Souter.

MICHIGAN FIGHTS CRIME BY HELPING
EX-CONVIOTS FIND EMPLOYMENT:

The Michigan Employment Service Commission
has maintained a special service department since
1948. Its function is to help parolees get a job.

Mrs. Flored Desmond, Detroit, is in charge of
the department and, aided by counselors and a sec-
retary from the Ionia, Michigan prison, has enlisted
the help of Detroit businessmen in placing more than
21,000 parolees on jobs.

This unit is the only one of its kind in the coun-
try. The department works directly with parole
officers in selecting jobs for men and women from
both state and federal penal Institutions.

“Tt is the purpose of our department to develop
a job for the parolee,’’ Mrs. Desmond advised men
attending the parole school plan.

When queried as to how employers feel about
hiring ex-convicts. Mrs. Desmond remarked, ‘* Any
man who tells the truth when he fills out his ecard
has just as good a chance of getting a job as any
other person.—The JEFFTOWN JOURNAL
