---
id: "337"
title: "Profile..."
author: "Smith, Binford H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
His faith . . . provides no place for the former
despairing view of life that the earlier
years of confinement had nurtured.

PROFILE . . .
by BINFORD H. SMITH

In this issue we present to you another popular per-
sonality here at ESP, Lawrence Keith. Keith,
who has achieved a certain prominence in sports as
an ACE, all-around athlete, reflects the early con-
servative and Laptist training of his youth in
the MAN—"Big Keith," as he is called. Though
Keith’s physical stature is 6 ft. 1, 220 lbs., this is
not all that the nomer, Big Keith, implhes, but also,
we recognize especially an entity of character, heart-
iness—amiableness.

Keith, reflecting back over the years, recalls,
“I was a very gloomily pre-occupied person some 14
years ago when ! started out on this seemingly
hopeless journey—life imprisonment. The sentence
of ‘life’, like some relentless and evil force, deprived
me of all my resources. I had sunk to the lowest
depth of despair to which a person might descend
and still maintain any semblance of living. My out-
look on life was like a dose of poison to me. I
certainly would not have understood Warden Ban-
miller’s assertion, that ‘95% of the men in prison
return to society.” My despair was a burdensome
armor, inside which only adverse sentiment and pes-
simism remained. The ‘merey of mankind’ was a
futile utopian idea—the importunity of those ‘meek
and humble’ who are destined to ‘inherit the earth’,
a Christian, hopeful concept that was later to be
revealed to me. But then, during those dark years,
Christ’s teaching seemed an unfeasible, unreachable
way of life. My thwarted perception was apathetic
save but for one idea: that my lot was cast with the
miserable 5% doomed to die within these walls,
and that was an inexorable source of pervasive
sloom. Where there is NO hope ...."

Today, Keith’s outlook is hopeful. Says Keith,
"My faith in God, and in the essential, useful good in
all men, provides no place in my life for the former
‘weltschmerz’ despairing view of life that those
earlier years of confinement had nurtured.’’ He
hopes someday to return, better fitted, to his native
Birmingham, Alabama, where his parents anxiously
and prayerfully await his homecoming. “They are
quite old," deplored Keith, "and, if it be God’s
Will, I shall make life a blessing and a comfort to
them in their old-age. It is a fine hope to have
someone to work for.’’

Keith enjoyed playing baseball and football in
Lewis School. Also, he played a competent game
of semi-pro football on the ‘Birmingham News’, a
club sponsored by the Birmingham News, a daily
paper of that city. Big Keith has a genuine love of
sports, and plans to help organize a boy’s athletic
club in his home town ‘one of these days.’ As Keith
sees it, ‘‘ Kids are naturally inclined toward outdoor
sports, moreso than the statistics of teen-age parti-
cipation in athletics fully indicate. And, in a grow-
ing community such as Birmingham, there are few
adequate programs for youngsters to stimulate
interest. Therefore, these eager, growing kids spend
their effervescent energies in whatever available
activities to which they may and can apply them-
selves. They are mostly unorganized, undirected
and unaided. They have few helpful, interested
persons and programs that afford them opportunity
in which they can burn up that exuberant energy.’’

Keith hails from a city exceptionally produc-
tive of leading ‘‘stars’’: Hank Aaron, outstanding
center-fielder of the Milwaukee Braves; Willie Mays,
widely popular center-fielder, San Francisco Giants;
Joe Louis, world-renowned former heavy-weight
champion of the world; Nat (King) Cole, admired
and respected top singer-entertainer; and, here at
ESP, we have the solid, constructive good example of
Big Keith. He is a good competitor and a prominent
figure in our prison athletics.

Keith rated best hitter in our Cuban League
last year: also a well liked player in the ‘‘World
Series’’ last year. He pitched two games in the
Series, winning both. His team-player performance
on the gridiron is also commendable. (Note: For
the benefit of the reader who is not conversant with
prison sports activities, the prison World Series—
like the popular World Series of the National and
American League pennant winners—is the climax of
the baseball season. The inmate baseball teams, too,
are named after the admired big-league ball clubs.)

But at work or play, Keith is seemingly tireless.
In the print shop, where he has worked since 1954,
he is quietly busy and always keeps occupied,
whether at his assigned job or some of the needed
accessory jobs about the shop. He is a good press-
man, and in the four years that he has worked in the
print shop he has become able and competent in
several skilled operations of the trade.

Although Keith is capable of working as a press-
man in most printing establishments, and knows the
operation of the Double O and Job-Press machines, he
has not yet learned of the opportunities open to him
in the printing trade in his native Birmingham,
Alabama, and needs to know.

“Assuming’’ says Keith, ‘‘that I earn recogni-
tion and my lot is cast with the favored 95% that
will eventually return to society, | would like to go
back to my former job and occupation.’’ Before
coming North, he worked as a crane-operator helper
for the American Cast Iron Pipe Co., in Birmingham.

But, whatever he does or wherever he goes, his
gveniality and example will be a pleasant experience
in the lives of those about him. Keep working and
hoping Keith.
