---
id: "338"
title: "A Bouquet of Words"
author: "BURCH, Jesse"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Bouquet Of Words
by JESSE BURCH

Many things have been written about Mother’s and many poems dedicated to the importance of the
emotional value attached to the word Mother.

Say it over to yourself, Mother, it has a round, soft resonance that denotes tenderness, and it is used in
just about every appeal to the heart. Sometimes, we forget that we owe so much to that person called Mother,
or Mom, or Ma. it all means the same thing, No matter how you use it or say it.

We that have the good fortune to be blessed with living Mothers, and those of you that live with the
memory of Mother, I’d like to dedicate this poem, sent in by one of the mothers who conceals her loss by
smiling through the screen twice each month, and whose tears can be detected on each page of her weekly letter.

I do not mean to make this seem like an appeal for any one except Mothers. Those to whom we owe so
much and give so little, but by whom that little is so highly appreciated.

So to you Mother from your sons, we, all of us, send a bouquet of words, that take us back many years
aud many joys and sorrows ago, and if you recognize yourself here, then you will know that we have not for-
gotten, nor fail to miss the tenderness with which you administered to us; for time untold.

A BOY’S BEST FRIEND

She'll never forsake you, no matter what you do;
Were you down m the gutter, she’d kneel beside you;
Were you covered with shame, she’d stand by your side
And the hurt in her heart, for your sake she’d hide.
She will stick to you lad, though you lose every test,
So the least you can do is gwe her your best.

All other’s may quit you, and mock at your fall,
But Mother, undaunted, will come at your call.
She will follow you down to the deep depths of si,
And Love you and nurse you through thick and through thin;
And though she may suffer through what you have done,
She will never forget or desert you, my son.

So long as she lives you are sure of a friend
On whom, at all times you may safely depend;
You may wound her by sinning, and hurt her with shame,
Should you fail to be true, but she'll love you the same,
So remember, my lad, as you stand wm life’s test,
That you owe to your Mother, your finest and best.

The author of this poem is unknown to me, but, 1’m sure that her thoughts in submitting it, only
echo what is in the hearts and minds of all of us and she has expressed our sentiments to perfection.

No matter how gray the days, nor dark the nights, neither can survive the soft love light that shines
from Mother’s eye’s, and so, with all the many debt’s we accrue throughout our years to Mom, Ma, or
Mother, may this dedication be a part payment to she of the tender heart.
