---
id: "339"
title: "The Complex That Is Three Block"
author: "JACOBS, Bernard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE ECHO SPOTLIGHT ON:

THE COMPLEX
THAT IS THREE BLOCK

by BERNARD JACOBS

Mr. Webster and several other lexicographers
have defined “complex’’ as follows: ‘‘complex
...noun...A whole made up of complicated or in-
terrelated parts.’’ After several weeks of research
I can safely say that the Hospital sector definitely
Issa. complex...

When I first arrived here I vaguely remember
being taken late one night to Three Block. My
first impression was that except for the fact the
block was painted white, there was little difference
between it and the other blocks. I have since learned
that there are seven individual sections within the
block. I discovered that except for certain highly
complicated and technical specialties, there are few
eventualities that the Hospital cannot handle. If
the previous sentence in any way inferred that omy
simple and uncomplicated cases are handled, I want
to correct it immediately.

The Medical Director, Dr. N. Blumberg, has
been connected with this institution for more than
30 years. The Medical Staff includes Dr. A. F.
Goracei—Chief Surgeon, Dr. E. Kelly—Anesthetist,
Dr. F. J. Jodis—Assistant Surgeon, Dr. W. R. Dun-
lop—Chief Resident Physician, Dr. M.F. Joyce—
Resident Physician, Dr. R. B. Sechwartz—Dermatol-
ogist, Dr. F. Mattei—Orthopedist, and Dr. Frewald
—Ophthalmologist.

On entering Three Block the first department
encountered is the Pharmacy. <A look through the
door will usually find Samuel Andrews, hard at
work turning out some of the 2200 or so prescrip-
tions a month that he takes care of.

Adjoining the Pharmacy is the Doctor’s Office.
In this office sick-call is held everyday. There are
three clerks here. David Howard, Charles Gindle,
and Kurt Schulte. Their duties are extensive. Be-
sides keeping all of the Medical Records and files
on all of the inmates, they keep a record of inocu-
lations of new inmates, take temperatures, pulse
rates and blood-pressure. They keep a special file
on patients under special observation and inmates
needing special attention such as epileptics and dia.
betics. These men also help during sick-call and
hew guard examinations. The hours they keep are
roughly from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. daily and are on call
24 hours daily, as are most of the personnel of the
hospital block.

Next we come to the Dispensary where we can
find activity any time of the day. The men in the
Dispensary also double as nurses in the Operating
Room. They include Charles Taylor, Earl Brogan,
Harold Foster and William Sutton. The duties of
the dispensary include among other things; the giv-
ing of penicillin shots, swabs, and Topical medical
applications. For their duties in the operating room,
they must be specially trained. They assist as In-
strument Nurse, Scrub Nurse, Operating Nurse, and
Dispensary Nurse. While this reporter was inter-
viewing Dr. Armando F. Goracci, we were told
that operations here are done according to standard
operating procedure accepted everywhere today.
Dr. Goracei, who took his Pre-Medical Training at
the University of Scranton and his Medical Training
at. St. Louis University, took his Graduate Training
in Surgery at the Jefferson Medical Center where he
now is‘an Instructor of Surgery. Dr. Goracci, who
also operates at many other hospitals such as Jeffer-
son, Philadelphia General, Doctors, and Memorial
of Woodbury, New Jersey, emphasized that the men
who are operated on here receive the same attention
as any paying patient outside. Operations take
place during week-ends, usually Saturdays, and
about 300 are performed per year. The doctor told
us that there are facilities here to cope with virtually
every type of General Surgery. In an emergency,
the doctor can be called in at any time. The Laun-
dry has special washers to prepare linen for the
Medical Department.

One of the many operations performed here.

As IT progressed further down the Block, I
stopped in to talk with Dr. Nathan Blumberg, Medi-
eal Director. All of Dr. Blumberg’s “credits’’ would
take up more space than we have here. He was for
years the Chief of Diseases of the Chest at Philadel-
phia General Hospital and Chief of Medical Ser-
vices at the Jewish Hospital. Even now he holds
many Honorary and Advisory positions. He has
been Medical Director here for more than five years.
His duties include a supervisory capacity of all the
men in the Medical Department, liason between the
administrative force and all medical departments,
and the preparation of health reports on all men to
the Commutation and Parole Boards and also, the
Governor. He told me that he was especially im-
pressed with the complete loyalty of the men with
whom he works here.

Further down the bloek we found the Labora-
tory. Here all the tests needed for information and
analysis of individual cases are made. All men
that come through the EDCC are given various tests
to determine the possible presence of diseases or
ailments. The Lab is equipped for almost any type
of test necessary. Diabetes and other ailments that
might need immediate care are given priority and
immediate attention.

The rest of the block consists of the Diet Kit-
chen, Cells for those confined to the Block, and as
you reverse your direction you come to the X-Ray
Room, the Psychiatrist’s Office, and the last main
segment of the Block before leaving is the Hospital
proper.

The Diet Kitchen is
responsible for the feed-
ing of those that require
a special diet and also the
feeding of special meals
to those with Diabetes and
Uleers. There are approxi-
mately one hundred _per-
sons fed each meal. John-
ny Frank is the cook and
he has six helpers. Alfred
Johnson, Howard Strange,
Claude Bowser, Edward
Gist, Edward MecCuff, and
John Roggio.

The X-Ray Room
is operated by Wilbur
Schoonmaker under the
supervision of Sam And-
rews. Here we find the
latest equipment. The du-
ties of the Technician in-
clude the taking of X-
Rays. All new men, upon
entering, are X-Rayed
here. There are approxi-
mately 800 pictures taken each year. I was advised
that all types of X-Rays were taken within the past
year. An amusing incident took place not long ago
when the outside Radiologist, upon looking over a
large series of plates, was suddenly stopped cold on
discovering an unusual plate. He meditated and
finally admitted he was puzzled as to the interpreta-
tion. It turned out that the plate was of a pet kitten
that had been accidently stepped upon. Needless
to say, a red face ensued.

Then on to Doctor J. B. Teater’s Office. Doctor
Teater is the Resident Neuro-Psychiatrist, in charge
of all mental observation cases. His clerk is Joe
Antoniewicez. The doctor has daily sessions with all
of those under his observation.

The last place that we visit on our tour of Three
Block is the Wards. Here are the convalescing
rooms for Surgical and Medical Patients.. There are
22 beds; 14 beds in the main or surgical ward and
8 in the convalescing ward. Patients have several
facilities for their comfort. TV is available from

The operation is over, now recovery begins.

9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Chaplains may visit them daily if re-
quested. Commissary orders are taken weekly.
There is a nurse on duty 24 hours a day. The Nurse’s
duties include, among other things, emergency treat-
ment, insulin shots for Diabetics, intravenous feed-
ing of patients, and general hospital duty. Among
the Nurse’s who perform this work are John Long
and Eugene Davis. Also on duty at the hospital
are the orderlies whose duties include the transpor-
tation of non-ambulatory patients to and from the
X-Ray room, the Operating Room, and the Doctor’s
Office. Arthur Koestler, Robert J. Lee, George Fox,
and Harry Fricker perform these duties along with
many others. The period spent here is quite im-
portant in the lives of those who spend time there.
The men that work here find people in need of help.
Their’s is a job that requires patience, perseverance,

Keeping an eye on the patient’s progress.
and perhaps mainly, kindness. These requisites are
quite obviously met by the men that work in the
Hospital.

Well, the natural limitations of space have made
it impossible for me to credit all those who made
this report possible and if anyone was omitted please
forgive me. I want to thank Lt. Marchetti and Mr.
Burke for allowing me to wander through the block
with the freedom needed to get the information you
have thus far read. J hope through my humble ef-
forts you can derive a greater understanding of
this place comprised of so many heterogeneous com-
ponents who, in their own individual way contribute
toward the goal of the Medical Department which
is the maintenance and sustenance of the Good
Health of the population of this institution. 

Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others
cannot keep it from themselves.—Barrie
