---
id: "34"
title: "From the Warden's Desk"
author: "Martin, Frank G."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
.... FROM THE
WARDEN'S DESK:

Like the Unknown Soldier at Arlington,
Virginia, so is the author of ‘‘Friendship’’.

FRIENDSHIP
“I only want a chosen few
Who’ve stood through good,
and evil, too-
Through friendship’s test
Who only strove to find the good
And then, as only true friends could
Forgave the rest.”

In idle moments you sit and dream of the future, the traveled road so long passed, of the many mistakes
made, never to be corrected.

I turn the pages to the year 1923 when the ‘‘Old Hastern’’ was in a state of corruption and turmoil.
Colonel John C. Groom, organizer of the Pennsylvania State Police, was restoring order out of chaos. Under
these conditions I began my service as a penal employee. Why? I do not know!! It was not wages, as I
was then earning much more than was being paid for guard positions here. It was a job and the second
one in my life. As a duck takes to water I took to prison work. I often wonder as I look for the answers
among my associates in penal work... .I find my dear friend the Commander at Huntingdon who placed his
Destroyer in drydock; the Doctor at Rockview, his dollar patients could see other, all have made terrific
sacrifices to engage in this field of penal work. Their words of wisdom, a guide to others to carry on.

The seven penal institutions comprising the Bureau of Correction, headed by Arthur T. Prasse, the
Commissioner, have as their Wardens or Superintendents, people who have dedicated an average of over
thirty years to penal work. This is not a coincidence, some are guided like the Commander and the good
Doctor, others by climbing that long ladder of know-how, rung by rung.

When you get to know your charges, gain their confidence, solve their problems, share their periods of
despondencies, you are then a well cooked penal servant. I am proud to be one of them and of my im-
mediate co-workers (240) and that’s a big team in any league. I give thanks that we are all trying to do a
big job, each playing a part in the daily life of people intrusted to our care. Sure they have run afoul of
the law and have been caught. What they did is not the question. It is our job to try, in every way pos-
sible, to make law-abiding citizens out of the convicted, to return them to their families and communities for
useful purposes. This is our job and regardless of criticism of parole and the shortening of sentences by the
Pardon Board, these Boards are doing a fine job.

As I look on the walls of my office I see pictures of football teams, baseball teams and boxing matches
taken over the years and with great satisfaction I recognize only four inmates now serving time here from
among the several hundreds on the photographs. During the Christmas season a large percentage of greet-
ings are from friendships cemented behind these walls. On one card will be W. B., Jacksonville, Florida. I
know he came to the Penitentiary in 1912 and now he raises chickens and sells them to a Southern Rail-
road Diner Car Service. Wally from Tampa is in the Plumbing Supply business. Jack is a barber in
Georgia. I could go on and on as cards from these friends run into the hundreds. At Christmas a man’s
mind thinks of home. Can you forget years of servitude? No, hence the many sincere seasonal greeting
eards from minds that the nightmare of servitude was a reality and a thing of the past.

The daily “good mornings’ and the inquiries as to your health from your charges keep you going.
It is these expressions of friendliness that makes you hesitate in executing the dictate of your better judg-
ment. I treasure the friendships made thru my daily labor and their successes assure me that we work not
in vain.

Frank G. Martin, Warden
