---
id: "340"
title: "Speech... A Blessing"
author: "McHugh, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Speech... A Blessing
by Reb. Hohn J. McHugh, Catholic Chaplain

One of the greatest blessings that God has be-
stowed upon man is the power of speech. By it,
man can communicate with his fellowman and ex-
press his sentiments in an external manner. This
instrument of communication can be used for good
or for evil, to up-lift or degrade. How one uses this
gift of God is entirely up to each individual.

The language of a person reflects one’s thoughts
and gives an insight to the character of a man. A
fellow who uses vulgar and abusive language does
so to cover up his lack of fortitude, in other words,
he doesn’t have any ‘‘guts’’. A former champion
sized up an opponent as ‘‘yellow’’ because of his
vile speech. His prediction was correct—his op-
ponent took a dive after a few solid punches. Ob-
serve some of the loud mouths around the institution
—if it came to a show down they wouldn’t be so
tough. They take unfair advantage of a situation
and show no respect for themselves or others.

Conversation can be a means of up lifting or
depressing one’s spirits. The jovial character who
looks at the bright side of things despite his own
troubles, can always enliven a bull session with his
cheerful remarks. More of this type are in demand,
especially on the blue days. Unfortunately, there is
the ever present pessimist, who is constantly erying
the blues, who worms himself into a group. This
specimen of gloom derives morbid pleasure from see-
ing others suffer and his absence would be ap-
preciated.

Our speech should abound with charity. If
something good cannot be spoken about a person
then nothing should be said. Beware of the scandal
monger and the gossiper. Any thing that harms
the reputation of another, even the truth, should
never be revealed. ‘‘Condemn not and you shall not
be condemned.’’ (Luke VI-37) Let’s not even dis-
cuss those who create stories and circulate lies about
another.

The faculty of speech is yours to enjoy or abuse.
In an institution where small talk prevails and every
one knows the other’s business it is extremely im-
portant to guard the tongue. Holy Scripture com-
pares the tongue to a sharp knife—it can be used
for our benefit or destruction. We ought to be as
cautions in our use of the tongue as the surgeon in
the use of his knife. Bear in mind the words of
Our Lord: ‘‘The good man from his good treasure
brings forth good things; and the evil man from
his evil treasure brings forth evil things. But I tell
you, that of every idle word men speak, they shall
give account on the day of judgment. For by thy
words thou wilt be justified, and by thy words thou
wilt be condemned.’’ Matt. XII-35-37. 
