---
id: "341"
title: "What is Your Life?"
author: "Reynolds, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
What Is Your Life?
by Reb. Gordon Repnolds, Protestant Chaplain

You and I are privileged to have a share in this
great adventure called living. What is it all about?
What is the meaning of our existence? What is
the true estimate of life?

There are those who say that life is a tale by
a fool, full of sound, and fury, signifying nothing.
Others say “life is the predicament that precedes
death’’; ‘‘a brief and discredible episode on one of
the minor planets.’’ But there have always been
those who because they live in the cellar see no
mountains and, being deaf and blind, hear no music
and see no meaning in our existence.

What is YOUR LIFE? There are three false
estimates of life:

1. Life to some people consists of THINGS.
The biggest business in the world is the junk busi-
ness. Of course, we don't call it junk. It's cars
and clothes, furnishings and finery, but in a few
years it is moth eaten and corroded. Jesus said,
"A man’s life consisteth not in the abundance of
the THINGS that he possesseth.’’

2. Life to some people consists of THRILLS.
Some poor mortals argue that variety is the spice
of life but don’t have enough sense to realize one
ean’t live on spice.

3. Life to others spells THEORIES. Men are
ever seeking to find their way through the puzzle
of life with the candle of human reason, only to dis-
cover it eventually leaves them in the dark. Un-
belief is not intellectual; it is moral. ‘‘The fool hath
said in his heart there is no God.’’ Note, he didn’t
say it in his head—he knows better than that. The
way into God’s kingdom is not head first; much
rather, it is heart first.

4. Finally, Life to some people is TRUTH.
Wearily, Pontius Pilate, asked of Jesus, ‘‘ What is
truth?’’ He had listened to oriental jugglers, Greek
philosophers and Roman lawyers ranting about the
truth until he was in no position to realize that the
one standing before him was THE Truth. Truth,
we submit, is not a what, it is a WHOM. Jesus
said, ‘‘I am the Way, the Truth and the Life.’’ Para-
phrased, we have it, “‘I am the Way, without Me
there is no going; I am the Truth, without Me there
is no knowing; I am the Life, without Me there is
no living."

Life’s true estimate is Christ. He is The Truth.
He adds purpose, power, pardon and provision to
our existence. Those who follow Him will not walk
in darkness. May we be willing rather to suffer
for speaking the Truth, much rather than have the
Truth suffer for the want of speaking. 
