---
id: "342"
title: "Analysis... Human Rights"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Analysis ... 
Human Rights

by JOSEPH J. CUFF

Only a few short years ago, the Nazi regime filled
prisons and concentration camps with men who
had never been judged, men who were to die shame-
fully without ever knowing the reason why. Even
today, all of the fundamental guarantees of individu-
al liberty proclaimed in the Declaration of Human
Rights are not fulfilled everywhere.

It will be wise to meditate for a few moments
on the long, hard road which men have had to travel
before their ‘‘right to liberty and security of person’’
was formally recognized. This is the most basic of
rights after the right to life itself.

Until he is condemned, a defendant is presumed
innocent. It is up to the state and its representative
to prove the accusations against him.

More than at any other time, it is during the
phase of investigation that the state must remember ~
that the accused is presumed innocent and that, even
if he is found guilty, he remains a man and must be
treated as one. The Declaration of Human Rights
states very simply: ‘‘No one shall be subjected to
torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment
or punishment.

CURSE OF ALL ERAS

There is a good deal in this short sentence. In
its soberness, it opens some frightening glimpses of
the range of human agony. Torture was not the
exclusive property of the Middle Ages. It has been
the curse of all eras and of all countries. For there
has always been—and there always will be—the
irritating case of the defendant accused from all
sides but without any actual proof against him.

At this point you can find the obsession of nearly
every police foree—the extortion of a confession.
Though the rack and the thumb screw may not be
used today, there are still endless sessions of grilling
without food or sleep, to say nothing of the more or
less refined form of the ‘‘third degree’’.

No doubt, the job of tracking down criminals is
a delicate one and basic to the survival of society.
But a balance must be struck between the demands
of society and an elementary respect for the man—
who is presumed innocent—under accusation.

OCCUPATIONAL DISEASE

It is this preliminary investigation which is the
most delicate phase of the relationship between the
citizen and the judicial authorities. This is the
phase which is the least controlled by law; there-
fore, it demands the highest degree of education and
of conscience from judicial personnel at all levels.

Once investigation is completed, the defendant
is brought to trial. In addition to those two basic
guarantees of a legal basis for punishment and the
independence of the judiciary, there are two other
principles fundamental to equitable justice; a public
trial and the presence of counsel for the defendant.

Low blows are always struck in the dark.
Throughout history, one-sided trials have been held
behind closed doors and often before special juris-
dictions created to hear a single case.

The public trial is a strong guarantee of justice.
Within a locked room, a few accomplices can perjure
away the weight of evidence. But it is much more
difficult to do so in public, especially in front of
press writers whose accounts of the testimony may be
printed for millions to read.

This does not mean that justice should be
rendered with an eye to public opinion, which is
often impassioned and ill-informed. The verdict is
the province only of the judge’s conscience and it is
up to him to divorce himself from any external in-
fluences.

The right of the defendant to a counsel of his
own choice to aid him and act in his name is so
essential that, without it, all of the other guarantees
become almost illusary. A defendant can be illiter-
ate or, at any rate, unfamiliar with legal precedure,
where only a specialist after all is at home. If a
competent person cannot act for him, then the
advantages of the prosecution are absurdly one-
sided.

Many countries accord another guarantee to
defendants facing serious charges; the right to trial
by jury. The jury, you might say, offsets the risk
that the judge might suffer from a sort of “oecupa-

tional disease’’ as the result of his coming into con-
tact every day with criminals and, therefore, might
tend to see criminals everywhere. The jury relieves
the specialist of his heaviest responsibility and con-
fides it to a dozen citizens chosen by lot.

Experience has proved that jurors, freed as they
are from the grinding routine of law, usually per-
form their duties with the utmost conscientiousness—
and often lend a more willing ear to the counsel for
the defense when he argues the weaknesses of the
evidence presented than might a judge who has such
arguments all too often in the past.

NO COURTS INFALLIBLE:

One after another, these guarantees have made
justice a net whose mesh allows the innocent to pass
but traps the guilty. The guarantees cited here are
only the most often applied. They provide a picture
of humanity’s eternal effort to bring order to society
without menacing the peaceful citizen.

Courts have always made mistakes. The most
perfect technique can only serve to reduce the
number of these mistakes to a minimum. But. any-
one who has studied the problem closely will agree
that judicial error is one of the most flagrant
scandals which ean afflict society, a scandal which
must be combatted as if it were the plague.

When citizens lose confidence in justice, they
return to the anarchy of personal revenge. This
means nothing less than the death of liberty, the
oppression of the weak by the strong and the very
negation of rule by law.

ALL RIGHTS ASSERTED

If any of these rights must be accompanied by
restrictions which vary according to time and place
then what right can we count on? Is there any one
right which we can assert under any circumstance?

Not one but all of these rights must be asserted
so that all of them may become absolute. For all of
these rights stem from a single postulate—Article
of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights: ‘‘ All
human beings are born free and equal in dignity and
in rights. They are endowed with reason and con-
science and should act towards one another in a
spirit of brotherhood.’’

Deny or neglect this postulate ... and the rest
is just a joke.
