---
id: "344"
title: "The Quality of Mercy"
author: "Paschedag, Andre L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Quality of Mercy

by ANDRE L. PASCHEDAG

The hue and cry which attended the recent re-
lease of Nathan Leopold has dramatically high-
lighted the problems which beset penal authorities
and agencies in the treatment of life-term prisoners.
After thirty-three years in prison, Leopold was re-
leased by the Hlinois Board of Parole. This action
was decried by many citizens and organizations as
further compounding the ‘‘misplaced’’ mercy of the
sentencing judge who allowed Leopold and Loeb to
remain alive.

Their arguments follow the stern tenets set
forth by Moses in 1491 B.C., which preach :
".... and he shall pay as the judges determine.
And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give
life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for
hand, foot for foot.’’

They reason logically, and no doubt sincerely,
that as Leopold and Loeb had committed an atro-
cious crime, they were entitled to no merey. On
such terms the strength of their argument cannot be
denied, and the finding of the sentencing judge can
only be evaluated by each of us personally accord-
ing to our moral beliefs and opinions. The writer
is willing to accept their point in the first instance,
namely that the judge displayed mercy (whether
wrongly or rightfully) in his sentencing of the youth-
ful murderers. However, the acceptance of this
premise does not necessarily lead one to agree that
the action of the Parole Board was a second display
of such mercy.

One definition of mercy reads as follows: ‘‘Com-
passion shown by one to another who is in his power
and has no claim to kindness.’’ It follows that
merey can only be granted to someone who has no
other basis for appeal, someone undeserving of con-
sideration, or, as stated, "... someone who has no
claim to kindness.’’

Was Nathan Leopold completely undeserving
of consideration after serving 33 years in prison as
payment for his crime; had he no claim to kindness;
was his appeal for freedom unworthy of judgment
on any other terms than altruistic mercy? Admit-
ting his personal prejudice, the writer still feels that
a realistic appraisal of the case would lead to the
conclusion that Leopold’s release was an overdue
act of justice rather than a purely merciful action
on the part of the Parole Board.

Leopold took the life of a young child— an
irrevocable act of animal brutality. The act of mur-
der can never be erased from the mind of the mur-
derer or the memory of society. The natural emo-
tions of society, as well as its formulated laws,
demand vengeance for a murder. Vengeance is
human, and although it will never right a wrong, it
must be accepted as the right of the wronged to
punish their enemies.

Being human, vengeance can be evaluated on a
scale of human qualities and justice. Wengeance
can be justifiably merciless; it can be merciful; and,
in extreme—criminal. A sentence of death, al-
though unmerciful, can be justified morally and
legally. A sentence of life imprisonment is merciful
in allowing the murderer to retain his life. How-
ever, a sentence of life imprisonment uncommutable
under any circumstances is not a merciful action.
It surpasses the bounds of vengeance and becomes a
morally reprehensible act of unreasoning brutality
comparable with the murder it is supposed to
revenge.

Justice demands that some murderers should die
in the electric chair, and that some should spend the
remainder of their lives in prison. It just as cer-
tainly demands that some murderers should be re-
leased from confinement after a certain period of
time. Not as an act of mercy, but in recognition of
the possibilty that a human soul may be redeemed
by atonement and human suffering. In recognition
of the fact that the killer of ten, twenty, or twenty-
five years ago, may today be a man worthy and cap-
able of rejoining the society which once segregated
him for punishment and self-protection from his
actions. A murderer is a human being before he
kills, and regardless of thought to the contrary,
remains one after his crime. The killer retains his
soul—a soul and spirit which strives to regain for
its animal shell a status of manhood. A spirit which
dies only when there is no hope of possible redemp-
tion, leaving behind an emotionless, unreasoning
creature no longer relatable to man. A grotesque
caricature of a human being which defies society
and feels no further punishment. Then, and only
then, is the murderer no longer human. Society has
mercifully allowed him to retain his life, only to
torturously starve the spirit which makes life pos-
sible. This is criminal vengeance, not justice.

In a less emotional approach, we have available
statistics which concern themselves with a group of
murderers who entered the Eastern State Peniten-
tiary between 1900 and 1950.

During that period 621 ‘‘lifers’’ were received,
of which 89 were transferred to other institutions,
and their subsequent fate unknown. Of the remain-
ing 532. 76 or 14% died in prison, 59 or 11% were
transferred to the Hospital for the Criminally In-
sane, and 113 or 21% are still serving time at this
institution. In other words, 46% of the men have
not seen freedom since their sentencing. Not all
murderers are immediately released to run the
streets, as some newspapers would have you believe.

And what of those who are paroled? Of the
original group of 532, 284 were paroled as of this
printing. Only 21 or 7% have violated the terms of
their parole and been returned to prison. <A further
breakdown demonstrates that of the men convicted
between 1940 and 1950 and subsequently released on
parole, none have been returned as violators.

Murder is not a pattern or a way of life as is the
ease of other types of crimes, except for the pro-
fessional killer, who if convicted usually dies in the
electric chair. Murder is a ghastly expression of
atavistie violence, but it is only a fraction of the
total sum of actions which go to make a man. Just
as any man may kill, so may some murderers be re-
deemed without fear that they will once again attack
another member of society. As stated by Warden
Joseph E. Ragan, Statesville Prison ; ‘*Hixperience
shows that murderers are the best parole risks.
They are most responsive to reform and rehabilita-
tion programs.

The writer does not advocate the eventual re-
lease of all murderers, but he does sponsor the argu-
ment that each murderer has the inherent ability
to become onee more a worthwhile member of society,
and that he has the moral right to be judged accord-
ing to what he has accomplished during his prison —
term rather than by what he did to be sentenced to
prison.

“The defendant is sentenced to the Hastern
State Penitentiary to undergo imprisonment for the
balance of his natural life." This was the pro-
clamation of the judge at the completion of the
writer’s trial. It was an act of merey—it could
have been death. It will remain an act of mercy
only so long as I am allowed to retain hope for
eventual release. Take away that hope and it will
equal the inhumane and immoral act that I com-
mitted in taking a life. This does not mean that I
am callous, unremorseful, or unaware of the hein-
ousness of my crime. Remorse, if undisplayed pub-
licly, has created within me a sense of self-contempt,
a loss of self-pride as a human being which is held
in check only by thoughts of future redemption upon
my eventual release. However, such penitential
emotions have not swayed my reasoning that life
must have a purpose to be worth living. Am I to
spend the remainder of my days in a cage regardless
of any changes in my character, spirit, and being?
If so, repeal your act of mercy, and put me to death.

As the dictates of Moses were tempered by a
greater teacher, Jesus Christ—‘‘Ye have heard that
it hath been said, ‘An eye for an eye, and a tooth
for a tooth;’ but I say unto you, that ye resist not
evil; but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right
cheek, turm to him the other also..."—so should
society restrain its rightful desire for vengeance in
any thoughtful consideration of the questions in-
volved in the commutation of a life sentence.

PRESENT STATUS
| YEAR   | REC'D | TRANS- | BALANCE | DIED | INSANE | SERVING | PAROLED | PAROLE |
|--------|-------| FERRED |---------|------|--------| ORIGINAL|---------|VIOLATORS|
|--------|-------|--------|---------|------|--------| TIME    |---------|--------|
| 1900-  | 79    | 3      | 76      | 15   | 11     | 0       | 50      | 1      |
| 1926   | 23    | 3      | 20      | 2    | 2      | 0       | 16      | 1      |
| 1927   | 16    | 0      | 16      | 5    | 1      | 0       | 10      | 1      |
| 1928   | 31    | 2      | 29      | 2    | 4      | 0       | 22      | 2      |
| 1929   | 32    | 1      | 31      | 5    | 4      | 0       | 22      | 3      |
| 1930   | 26    | 2      | 24      | 5    | 4      | 1       | 14      | 0      |
| 1931   | 34    | 2      | 32      | 3    | 3      | 1       | 25      | 4      |
| 1932   | 27    | 2      | 25      | 6    | 1      | 1       | 17      | 3      |
| 1933   | 23    | 2      | 21      | 3    | 1      | 0       | 17      | 1      |
| 1934   | 28    | 1      | 27      | 8    | 4      | 0       | 15      | 2      |
| 1935   | 16    | 1      | 15      | 0    | 2      | 0       | 13      | 0      |
| 1936   | 13    | 1      | 12      | 0    | 2      | 2       | 8       | 0      |
| 1937   | 15    | 1      | 14      | 3    | 1      | 1       | 9       | 0      |
| 1938   | 15    | 3      | 12      | 1    | 3      | 1       | 7       | 0      |
| 1939   | 13    | 3      | 10      | 0    | 4      | 2       | 4       | 1      |
| 1940   | 26    | 5      | 21      | 4    | 1      | 6       | 10      | 2      |
| 1941   | 14    | 2      | 12      | 3    | 1      | 2       | 6       | 0      |
| 1942   | 23    | 8      | 15      | 2    | 1      | 6       | 6       | 0      |
| 1943   | 13    | 5      | 8       | 0    | 1      | 3       | 4       | 0      |
| 1944   | 14    | 2      | 12      | 2    | 0      | 8       | 2       | 0      |
| 1945   | 16    | 4      | 12      | 0    | 1      | 10      | 1       | 0      |
| 1946   | 23    | 9      | 14      | 1    | 0      | 11      | 2       | 0      |
| 1947   | 34    | 9      | 25      | 5    | 1      | 16      | 3       | 0      |
| 1948   | 19    | 9      | 10      | 0    | 3      | 6       | 1       | 0      |
| 1949   | 21    | 3      | 18      | 0    | 1      | 17      | 0       | 0      |
| 1950   | 27    | 6      | 21      | 0    | 2      | 19      | 0       | 0      |
| Totals | 621   | 89     | 532     | 76   | 59     | 113     | 284     | 21     |
| %'s    |       |        |         | 14.3 | 11.1   | 21.2    | 53.4    | 7.4    |

Convictions made 1900 to 1940
        417   32    385     63    48     15     259    21
  
%'s                        16.4   12.5   3.9    67.3   8.1 

Convictions made 1941 to 1950
        204   57    147     13     11    98      25     0

%'s                         8.8    7.5   66.7   17.0    0
