---
id: "345"
title: "The Mountain"
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
‘‘Alright, let’s move out. We’re going down...’’

THE MOUNTAIN
by HENRY MYERS and WILLIAM CONREY

The sickly moon flitted timidly over the Vosges
Mountains, taking frightened glances at a world
gone mad, peeking around the edges of soiled clouds
at the ravage of its sister, Earth.

On a mountain top near Alsace-Lorraine, we
rested in reserve, reserve with a two-Second notice
to move out. So we rested; slept, ate, and slept
some more. Slogging out the bone deep tiredness of
climbing mountains, fording rivers and trodding the
fields of battle.

The Battle of Casino seemed like a nightmare far
away and long ago, rumors were ripe, World War il
was beginning to peter out, thoughts of points
yained built golden dreams of home, thoughts of
restful sleep, dry sleep, away from all the wetness
and all the killing that is the very nature of war.

Off in the distance a steady rumble of giant
muted kettle drums, lent a background to the small
noises close at hand. The rain, a cough, metal strik-
ing against a rock, and the murmured voices of men,
dog faces, grizzled and dirty, basking in the luxury
of being able to soak up rest along with the water in
their. fox holes.

A voice speaks: “‘If you could be anywhere
you wanted to be, where would you be?”

‘‘Back in old Blimey.’’

“Nah, not me. England’s as wet as this dump!”

“I’d like to be in a parachute invading da Vir-
gin Islands!’’

‘‘I would be home.’’

Quietness like a shroud settles, homeward go
the thoughts, bending along the curve of continents,
spanning the oceans, soaring over the mountains
and plains, over structures built to the magnificence
of gods and men, and of course, mice. Flying like
a bird of the night to the cities, the towns and the
whistle stops. Swooping under crenelated portals
into the decore of the dollar. Winging down the
littered corridor of the ghetto. Flitting along the
foliaged lane to home.

Startlngly, hurried words edged with alarm
began barking orders, snapping the mind back to
reality like a released over-tensioned spring.

"Alright, you bunch of gutless slackers, saddle
up, we got work to do. On your feet, all of you,
get over to the jeep trailer on the road and stock up
on ammo. All hell’s busted loose and some idiot
General got the bright idea you imbeciles can do
something about it. . Come-on Pop, get crackin, we
got a two second alert to move out. Get to the
trailer, or are you too old to make it that far?’’

“These old bones will carry me for another day.
I got all the ammo I’ll need in this war and the next,
got a string of grenades early this evening. I had
a hunch this reserve business was for the birds.
T’ll just smoke a pipe-load while the boys load up.
What the sam hill’s happened anyhow ?”’

"Krauts broke through in force, intelligence
estimates about a divison, overran the forward sec-
tor about half an hour ago... God knows what hap-
pened to them up there, probably a real butcher’s
pienic. Oh! these lousy mountains How in the
name of all that’s holy can anyone set up a decent
line alone them? As soon as the word comes we
move out of here on the double. Division’s gonna
syneronize our jump-off with Able Company over
there on the next hill, so we can set up a line at the
base of the mountain. Artillery is moving in here, a
tank company back at Vaugney is on it’s way to
support us, in case we meet up with Adolph’s goons
and, we sure as gawd made little apples are gonna
meet them, how can we miss? Intelligence don’t
know anymore than what I told you. They’ll prob-
ably be waiting for us down on the flat lands by the
time we get there. All of you got everything you
need?’’

‘‘Sarjint, I been faithful to you, to the company,
to the Division, to the Army and to the ever-loving
Yew-nited States of America, nigh on to four year,
and if it ain’t ovah steppin’ ma rank as a soljer,
and a flag waving citizen, I’d take it mighty kindly
iffen you’d grant me a boon.”

“O fer the love of... Okay Smutty, what's on
that poor excuse you call a mind? Come on, come
on, we ain’t got forever.”

"Sarjint, I beg yore leave to report back to the
field horspital, I been feeling right porely all day...”

‘‘Are you nuts?’’

"... Mah feets all chawed up..."

‘‘Ever since we had to hog tie you back in the
States to put shoes on you, your dogs been on the
bum!”

"Also ma chest’s been aheavin and agrow-
lin from the miseries. Don’t figger I’m long for...”

“Stop it! You’re killin me with sorrow!’’

"... And to top it all, durn iffen ah didn't go
and spraint mah inkle, when ah was on ma way to
ax you could ah do you a kindness.’’

“Okay, Snuffy I understand how bad off you
are. My heart is bleeding for you, spare me any
more details. I don’t give a hoot in hell if your head
rolls off right now. Pick up that piece, cause when
Wwe meet up with the krauts you’re gonna be right
with us, pumping fifties into them and giving them
plenty miseries. A spraint inkle! What in jumping
Zeus, is a spraint inkle?’’

‘‘Sarjint, yore pure mean. Know’d from the
day circumstan’s brought us together yore heart
was the heart of a flint-hearted man. Seed some
mean men in mah day but a mean [Irishman outdo’s
them all, and a Iyrish sarjint outdo’s anythin man
nor beast air thunk up!”

"Snuffy, if the army ever gets a piece that can
spout lead the way you spout that dialect you call
talk, we’d win this war in jig time.’’

“Why thanky kindly sarjint. Know’d you
weren’t all mean. Just been joshin a little to keep
your spirits up. Can I report to the medics now?”

“Not now and not ever! You’re comin right
along with us down this mountain. How do you
say no and mean no, in that backwoods palaver?”

“Kindness done went outen the window. Aftah
ah wins this heah little ole spat comin up, I’m letter
writtin mah senytore back home and telling him of
the meanness of you Iyrish sarjints. Ah said all I
intend to say on the matter !”

“Might as well get off your feet men, division’s
acting up to par. Things are probably as snafu’ed
up as usual. Take it easy, we’ll need all the rest
we can get before this deal’s straightened out.’’

“Sarge ?”

"Yeh, Baby?"

“This side of the mountain we got to go down,
I ain’t seen much of it, but it looked to me to be
pretty steep. How’s the road?’’

“The road? Well, Baby, I’m glad you asked
me. Listen, you guy’s, try to remember what I tell
you, you might need the info later. I ain’t been
down it yet, but the map gives a pretty good picture
of it. Were right on the summit here, see? Now
this road has seven levels between base and top, got
that? No? Well, starting ‘at the base the road
eraduates up at an angle for a mile or so, then still
angling and climbing it reverses back in the opposite
direction. Each level is terraced and it continues
this way, level after level till it reaches the top.
Got it now?’’

"Yeah, I think so, how’s the terrain along the
sides of the road?”

“Heavily wooded, lots of under brush. But
keep to the middle of the road, got that you guys?
Keep to the middle. If you trip over the outer edge,
chances are you might just tumble down the slope to
the terrace below. But, be on the ball, recon says,
there are some bad spots where its a sheer drop
straight down. Okay, Lieutenant Reeves is signal-
ing, lets go. One more thing, don’t bunch up, but
for Gawds sakes, keep your eyes open. We won’t
be stopping for anybody that falls off the side. Any
questions ?’’

“Who’s gonna run scout ?’’

“Scout? Brooklyn, you and Chief will lead
off, but we’re gonna be right on your tail all the way.
We’re gonna run down this mountain. Okay, lets
go."

In two files the Company strung out, men in the
forward sections only dim shadows disappearing
over the brow of the mountain onto the first lap of
the road.

An infantry man will build a kind of sixth sense
out of fear or ihe will to eo on livime, At tines
this sense of the unknown will be ridiculed and
termed imagination. It will be laughed at, scorned
by the second guessers and for a little while you be-
come the butt of your squad. When you are wrong
you take the razzing and another fire fight and an-
other piece of terraine and time glosses it over.
When you are right and God is sending you an alert,
nothing ever glosses it over. The second guessers
will never get a third guess and chances are, if
you’re lucky, you will.

On the third curve down, imagination, fear or
fact began to play tricks with my senses. The night
was still—there’s no conversation permitted, be-
cause a voice will carry a long way at night—and
over and above the steady movement of the Company
I could hear another sound. The sound of hob-
nailed boots below!

I approached the dark silhouetted figure in front
of me, and whispered, ‘‘Snuffy, do you hear them
hob-nailed boots below us?’’

Without answering my question, he in turn
asked me, in his dry drawl, ‘‘Baby, when was the
last time yuh were in the rest camp? Son, yore
imagination is goin hawg wild, we’re a long way
from whar those old Jerries are supposed to be.’’

We were approaching another curve, descending
onto the next stretch of road, and the hob nails
rang a steady clang in my ear. No louder perhaps,
but none the less there. I began to get panicky,
thinking mixed up thoughts generated by fear of
the awfulness of the unknown. It’s impossible that
I’m the only one who hears them, I told myself.

I dropped out of line and in a shouted whisper,
asked each dark figure that moved past. ‘‘Pop?
Is that you, Pop?’’ Pop, the old* timer, he would
know—if they were there he would hear them—he
had heard the sound of hob nails often enough. He
would know for sure if anyone did. ‘‘Hey Pop,
is that you Pop?’’

“Yeah son, fall in here with me. What’s up?’’

‘‘Pop, kin you hear those hob nails below us?
Listen close, hear them down there towards the base
of this here mountain.’’

“Take it easy baby. Yore just a little upset,
and don’t be yappin so loud, you’ll have Sarge back
here ravin at us. Remember the first night ya
pulled guard duty at Monte Cassino back in 743?
Ya pulled the pin outta the grenade, ready to toss it,
and then ya dint hear the noise anymore, and, and
the pin was lost an you stannin there holdin the
lever down. Remember that deal?’’

"Listen kid, we all got two ears and I don’t
hear anything. We got two good men up front, the
Brooklyn Bum and the Chief. Also, the Sarge is
somewhere up front. Don’t ya think they’d hear
the Krauts if there were any? Don’t let your im-
agination get the best of ya.’’

And so it went.

Head down and listening, I followed the column
as it snaked its way down the stretches and around
the curves.

All hell broke loose with the suddenness of a
snapt rubber band!

Tracers began flying, Garands slamming, maga-
zine Schmeissers spattering, and the slick put-put of
grease guns, all mixed in with the powerful reports
of grenades.

In the lulls, agony screamed in the language of
pain. In a matter of seconds, the two companies,
German and American, had incredibly fused into a
slashing chaotic battle for survival.

Remembering Sarge’s warning by some mir-
acle, I instinctively dove for the inner side of the
road, blasting at anything that moved near me.
Tripping, stumbling, I managed to gather myself to-
gether behind a piece of fallen timber. My mind
frozen with stark fear, insanely the one phrase re-
peated itself over and over in my mind, ‘‘I told you
guys, I told you, didn't I?"

The nightmare erupted into a blinding splash of
light, filling my skull with pain and consciousness
seattered into oblivion as I fell.

Daylight and movement brought me back to
reality. Inches from my face stood a pair of hob-
nailed boots. Hob-nailed boots with their owner in
them, standing over me with his burp-gun trained
down on my chest, uttering short gutteral commands
my Shocked brain could not immediately grasp.

Staggering to my feet, my captor pushed his
weapon into the small of my back. Close by lay
Pop, face down, the Brooklyn Bum beside him. Both
dead. [I began to walk. Snuffy lay sprawled over
his burnt-out fifty on its tripod, and as I passed him,
automatically the words shipped from my lips, “‘I-
told-you-Snuffy-I-told-you-didn’t-I?”

“Rouse swine! Nicht Sprechen. Rouse!"

And I walked down the mountain... 
