---
id: "346"
title: "Joey"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
JOEY

by JOSEPH J. GUFF

All around Joey in the city were wonders of
which he had to find the meaning. The wonder of
daybreak, for example. Often he stood at his bed-
room window, or on the steps, and watched dawn
come striding over the housetops in its flowing crim-
son robes. As he waited, the first breeze would
ruffle the grass, dewdrops would sparkle, and the
trills of birds, those minstrels of the morning, would
suddenly blend into a chorus. Sometimes Joey
would find himself trembling in ecstasy.

What was back of it all—those magic moments
when the heart was lifted out of the rut of life? Who
lit the funeral flares in the sky at the death of day?
From what cradle of creation came the mystery of
a summer night with the leaves shining golden in
the moonlight? Who turned the leaves scarlet in
the moonlight, wove the lacework of ice on the bare
branches and the twigs in winter?

Was it God? He would like to believe so. But
somehow these miracles did not fit the God of eter-
nal hellfire, of infant and heathen damnation, whom
they preached about when mother took him to
ehurch.

Joey was profoundly puzzled.

He craved understanding and found little—for
the ways of a boy’s mind are hard to fathom, "What
are you dreaming about?’ Joey’s mother would ask.

"Oh, nothing."

He saw men work from dawn to night, building
and painting. He saw them struggle against poverty
and need. . Then would come the depression. And
hope of the future would shrivel with it.

Life in a big city was hard enough anyway.
Why must men fight also against wanton fate?

He saw death steal down and carry off those
whom he loved and could least afford to lose. And
those whom few would miss lived on and on.

He saw the homes of friends broken ... play-
mates hit by disease... careful folk the victims of
aecident.

If life was part of a purposeful plan he could
find no pattern for it.

And yet in the deepest shadow bloomed the
twin flowers of faith and courage. Men whose
homes had been lost squared their shoulders and
looked hopefully ahead to another job, another year.
in homes brushed by the wings of the dark angel the
battle of living went doggerly on. There was some-
thing invincible, indomitable, about the soul of man.
Something that could not perish.

In the winter evenings, after the dark of the
night had fallen, Joey curled up in his chair with a
book to find things that were lacking in the world he
knew. It stirred his imagination to learn what men.
and women were doing—and had done—far beyond
the far horizon. He dreamed of principalities and
powers, of things present and things to come. Out
there was a world he did not know. One day he
would find out more about its mountains and
deserts, rivers and plains. He would go to a bigger
city where men were a milling herd striving for fame
and fortune. Other boys had gone there before him.
There must be room for one more.

The strings of his heart were strummed, too, by
the cold fingers of the winter nights. There was
the endless sweep of snow punctuated by the howling
wind, the snapping of the twigs under the weight
of the snow as he lay in his bed at night, the thick
white arabesques on the windowpanes when he
crawled out of the warm hollow in the featherbed
of a January morning. Blizzards might mean a
snowbound household, but the howl of the wind
along the eaves, the steady swish of the snow, drifts
piling up till the windows were half hid, all talked
to him of the mighty menace of nature. And when
the skies were blue again, and men were breaking
the snow bound streets, he felt a growing conviction
that the wild will of the universe could never quite
quell the human spirit.

Joey was acutely sensitive to the sights and
sounds and smells of the park. In summer, the
frightened flit of a sparrow as the cleanup man
came close; the bulging muscles as he tossed paper
and trash bins into the waiting truck; even the clank
of ice in the water pail as it was passed from hand to
hand,

Autumn held for him a special spell. The round
orange moon rising over the chimneys; the drifting
smoke of burning leaves; trees rustling in the wind;
windows afire with color; in. all these there was
something eerie, as if ghosts of summer were riding
the October air.

Joey looked forward to Christmas for weeks
on end. The windows crammed with toys... the
eager faces pressed against the glass in bright antic-
ipation ... toys hidden in easy-to-find places against
the awakening on Christmas morning ... the day
when the waiting was ended ... the day of celebra-
tion with fun and feast.

Yes, it was a good life—the seasons, the few
toys at Christmas, the trip to the cireus—the kissing
games and seven kinds of soda and cake—he ex-
tracted a succulence that sometimes in later years
he would look back on with envy.

Does youth, its tremendous trivialities, its
dreams, its fantastic despairs, really transcend the
more durable satisfaction of manhood? I suppose
not. And yet youth has a special flavor that inev-
itably is drained dry as a boy or a girl grows up.
