---
id: "348"
title: "General Electric Avenges Defeat"
author: 'McNeair, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0025.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
GENERAL ELECTRIC AVENGES DEFEAT
by Joseph ‘‘GI’’ McNeair

Within these gray walls, on April 12, 1958, a
hectic basketball game was played by the Cherry
Hill All-Stars and the General Electric Five. The
visitors were victorious by a 19 point-margin, 88-69.
This was the second game played by these two
teams. The All-Stars won the first, 47-46.

The big margin in this second. game shouldn’t.
be accepted as an indication of an easy win for the
Chesiuad.  hrouchout the arst halt, i was! <a
nip and tuck game.. In spite of steady all-around
play by the All-Stars, the visitors led at half-time,
Bo-B

Beginning the second half, General Electric,
with fast breaks and deadly outside shooting, began
to pull away. The All-Stars went all out trying to
match their opponent’s pace and at times they did.
But, when the visitors were pressed, they increased
their speed even more.

As shown by their individual scoring, the GH
Five are a well balanced team: Gallagher, who
was a demon with his corner shots, scored 17 points;
Joe McCunney, a dead-eye dick from outside, hit for
19 points; Big Bill McGuire, a good playmaker, reg-
istered 14 tallies; Doyle, hitting from both inside
and out, accounted for 15 points and Devlin, who
wasn’t one of the starting five, scored 16 points.
The remaining two on the visitor’s bench, Ward and
Downs, didn’t see much action.

The outstanding players for the All-Stars were;
Harry ‘‘Teeny’’ Berry, who was also high scorer of
the game with 25 points; Harry “Spots’’ Fricker,
who seemed to never tire, accounted for 16 tallies
and John ‘‘Obie’’ O’Brien, an excellent playmaker,
who scored 10 points. Joe Buzzard was appointed
captain of the visiting GE squad and the All-Stars
were piloted by Wright and MecNeair.

BOX SCORE

GENERAL ELECTRIC
| Player     | Pos. | FG | F  | Pts. |
| Gallagher  | F    | 8  | 1  | 17   |
| McCunney   | G    | 8  | 3  | 19   |
| Doyle      | G    | 6  | 3  | 15   |
| McGuire    | F    | 6  | 2  | 14   |
| McCullough | C    | 2  | 1  | 5    |
| Devlin     | C    | 7  | 2  | 16   |
| Ward       | G    | 0  | 0  | 0    |
| Downs      | G    | 1  | 0  | 2    |
| Totals     |      | 38 | 12 | 88   |

Referee: Stan Hummer
Umpire: Barberins
Timekeeper: Griffin
Scorers: Gilmore & Quinn
Announcer: Earl Brown
Commentator: John Walker

ALL-STARS
| Player   | Pos. | FG | F | Pts. |
| Woody    | F    | 1  | 0 | 2    |
| Drake    | F    | 1  | 0 | 2    |
| Wesley   | F    | 2  | 0 | 4    |
| Morrison | F    | 1  | 0 | 2    |
| Juice    | F    | 0  | 0 | 0    |
| Shepherd | F    | 3  | 0 | 6    |
| Bogardus | F    | 0  | 0 | 0    |
| Curly    | C    | 0  | 0 | 0    |
| Berry    | C    | 12 | 1 | 25   |
| Croxton  | C    | 0  | 0 | 0    |
| Toby     | C    | 0  | 0 | 0    |
| Norman   | G    | 1  | 0 | 2    |
| O'Brien  | G    | 4  | 2 | 10   |
| Billy    | G    | 0  | 0 | 0    |
| Fricker  | G    | 8  | 0 | 16   |
| Totals   |      | 33 | 3 | 69   |
