---
id: "349"
title: "Bell Telephone vs Cherry Hill All-Stars"
author: "Benson"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0025.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
BELL TELEPHONE vs
CHERRY HILL ALL-STARS
by Benson

It was a balmy spring afternoon, the area sur-
rounded by cheering spectators. The occasion? The
Cherry Hill All-Stars were preparing to meet the
Bell Telephone Basketball Team on the home court.
The lineups:

BELL TELEPHONE ALL-STARS
Jack Rice        F       Morrison
Jim Weisbecker   F       Shepherd
Bob Barber       C  "Teeny" Berry
John Gallagher   G        Fricker
Bobby Diem       G          Woody

From the opening whistle this was a game that
kept the referees, Jerry Brooks and Harry Mowry,
on their toes. The game began at a furious pace
with both teams driving hard. The All-Stars Shep-
herd and Woody combined their efforts to show the
spectators some dazzling offensive play backed by
Teeny’s superb play on the boards, and, for the Bell
Telephone Five, Gallagher, Weisbecker and Rice led
a spirited offense. Tap-in shots by Barber, corner
shots by Gallagher and Rice’s jump-shots brought
cheers from the crowd.

Both teams demonstrated heads-up defensive
play, All-Stars Teeny, Jimmy Morrison, Harry
Fricker, John O’Brien, Curley Heath, Juice Cohen
and Big Wesley gave their all to make this the
game of games. They all played together; making
this a team victory. The first half ended with the
Bell Telephone Five leading, 36-29.

The second half featured more of the same
sparkling play, bringing cheers from the crowd
throughout the period. Shepherd and Woody econ-
tinued to lead the All-Stars in scoring while Teeny,
Jimmy Morrison and Harry Fricker lent able sup-
port both offensively and defensively.

This was an afternoon when everything seemed
to go right for the All-Stars and glancing to the
bench, one could see their manager, Horace Wright,
smiling his approval of the Stars’ performance.

A very good game with both teams playing as
if a championship was at stake. With one minute
and twenty-five seconds of official playing time re-
maining, the Bell Telephone Five froze the ball
trying for one last shot, the score being tied 79-79.
They failed to get the shot off and the game went
into overtime. Jn the five minute overtime period
the All-Stars really went to work and proved to the
cheering crowd that they had the winning spirit and
were not to be denied. You guessed it, the All-Stars
gained a well-earned victory, the final score was
89-86.

Before going into the statistics, let’s give a big
vote of thanks to: Gilmore, scorekeeper; Speedy
Griffin, official timekeeper; Charles Tobin, statis-
hean and Karl “Sports = Brown, your se A ane
nouncer.

Statisticwise, the Bell Telephone Five made 35
out of 113 field goal attempts for an average of
35%. The winning All-Stars had an average of
39%, making 40 out of 116 shots. Leading scorers
for the Bell Telephone Five were: Barber with 24,
Rice with 17 and Gallagher with 16. For the All-
Stars: Shepherd led with 21, followed by Teeny
with 20 and Woody had 18.

FOOTNOTE:

It would not be proper to conclude this series
without giving a big vote of thanks to Mr. John
Doyle for making this and the previous games pos-
sible. We hope that the enthusiasm shown by the
fellows will encourage Mr. Doyle to arrange another
of these series for our enjoyment come next season.
