---
id: "35"
title: "Speaking Editorially"
author: "Corvi, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0005.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Dear Reader:

Criticism justly and properly presented can be easily digested.
However, blind and stupid condemnation based on individual instan-
ces is not proper grounds for attack on an entire system. Of course,
I’m referring to the bitter attacks on the Pardon Board by certain jud-
ges which were given widespread publicity and attention by one of the
leading local newspapers.

As former attorneys, learned in the art of debate, they committed
a grievous error. They chose the wrong subject. They were on
safe ground, perhaps, in their chastisement for the release of a local
numbers writer but they should never have extended themselves to in-
clude homicide cases. In the cases of homicide the respective mem-
bers of the board may dust off and don their haloes. In the instances
where clemency was extended to lifers it is interesting to note that of
the two hundred and sixty lifers released by commutation from East-
ern State and Graterford Penitentiaries since the turn of the century
not more than eleven or twelve have ever been returned. Only one
was involved in another case of homicide. That's bad?

The Board is governed by policy and conditions just as is our
judicial branches. However, equipped with a more analytical back-
ground of their applicants and with the vast amount of material at
their disposal they can dispense more judiciously with their cases.
What pre-knowledge of the criminal standing before them for sen-
tencing have the judges at their disposal> How many judges can
rise to be counted that have not shown leniency in their courts only to
be faced at a later date by the same culprit on a more serious charge?
How can they resolve the inequities of their sentences? It appears
to me that a stone has been cast by persons other than guiltless.

A large percentage of the judges are not familiar with the pro-
gram of the present penal system. I might go a bit further and say
that a large number of them are not familiar with our penitentiaries
at all. I’ve even known of judges that could not distinguish between
the Parole Board and the Pardon Board. The same applies to some
of the writers on our leading newspapers. Instead of just criticizing
the Pardon Board why don’t they come and visit our institutions and
familiarize themselves with the program set up here to salvage the
men. I’m sure that they will find that the Board’s decision to release
an inmate was selective and well-chosen.

Sincerely Yours,

Joseph J. Corvi

Editor
