---
id: "351"
title: "The Pen-Cell League"
author: "CONREY, William"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0027.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
SOFTBALL

THE PEN-CELL LEAGUE
by William J. Conrey

New uniforms, new faces and organization spell
SOFTBALL at its best on the Chapel Field.

At this date it’s anyone’s guess which team will
finish first or set the pace until the autumn leaves
begin to fall.

Gazing into the crystal ball, things aren’t quite
clear enough to say who will end up where in the
race for the top rung. Yet, here’s the way I must
eall them:

RELIABLE A.C.—John ‘‘Obie’’ O’Brien, Manager

This is a smart, fast running team with lots of
youth. I’m sure John O’Brien will get the most
out of the players on the Reliable roster. The key-
stone of this squad is teamwork combined with
plenty of hustle. There’s really no big “Stick-men’’
on this team, yet any one of them is capable of send-
ing the ball from here into ‘‘orbit!”’

Credits: The will to win, plus the bats of Billy
Hallowell, Ray Thompson, John Zak, and Joe Rutt.
The fielding ability of Joe Cuff, and the league’s
best catcher, George Cohan, can spell out disaster
for the other clubs.

Debits: Can ‘‘Irish’’ McCullen maintain con-
trol in the pitching chores?

KNICKERBOCKERS—Paul J. Neal, Manager

This team is really loaded. Jake and Big Bill
cam do lots of damage at the plate. Top-ticht
pitching by Tennessee and a terrific infield make
it one of the best teams in the league.

Manager Neal better get his squad talking it
up a little. They seem to go to sleep when they
should be winning ball games and they aren’t pro-
ducing at the plate. J see them winding up in sec-
ond place; though they should be taking the pen-
nant!

Credits: Plenty of long-ball hitters, very solid
at three infield positions in Neal at first, ‘“Scratchie’’
at short and Jake at third. ‘‘Pinky’’ does well be-
hind the plate and the outfield is sound with Brogan,
Big Bill and Angelo Bezanis.

Debits: In bad need of a second-baseman.
‘‘Richie’’ Richardson, Joe Antoniewiez, Don Cooper-
stein and Al Kemp are all weak at the plate, yet,
they are all speed merchants. All Neal has to do is
figure a way to get them on the base paths.

YANKEES—George ‘‘Obie’’ O’Brien, Manager
This team has it, but, don’t quite know how to
use it! They have the best pitcher in the league,
George Kalvitis. This guy actually has the ball do-
ing tricks for him and he has plenty of speed to call
upon when needed. He has a catcher, Gallagher,
who is capable of gloving everything that comes
near the plate. A team with a couple of men who
swing a lot of lumber; it might very well go all the
way to the top!

Credits: Terrific pitching in Kalvitis and
Swartley. Big lumber in ‘‘Little Nick’’, Swartley
and "Big Irish."

Debits: “Old Rockin’ Chair’s” getting to this
squad. Francis McCann, Barney, Gallagher and
Obie all seem to fallinte this group. lf they,
have enough left to finish out the season, they’ll give
everyone a run for their money.

PANTHERS—Harry ‘‘Reds’’ Zietz, Manager

This team has the best manager, in my opinion,
one who shows his respect for all his players. His
whole interest 1s in winning ball games and wish-
ing he could play all positions so that he might be
everywhere at once. If his team ever catches his
fire, he’ll take them down the line to the playoffs.

Credits: Fine hitting potential in ‘‘Big Joe’’
Whitely and Tony Space. Good pitching in ‘‘Lucky”.
Catcher-manager Zietz directs the game from a posi-
tion he handles like a pro.

Debits: Willie “Lump-Lump’’ Winters, a left-
handed batter who takes a good healthy cut at the
ball but seems to be looking into the bleachers at
the time. He says, "the season's just begun ...
I'll get on yet... Every time I swing I get closer
to the ball!’ “Rags”, the head groundskeeper,
needs a lot of practice with the broom, as well as
with the stick.

A note of thanks is given here to Henry Saby,
better known as ‘‘Sabu’’, for his tireless efforts in
acquiring the new uniforms. Nice going, Sabu!
Don’t let your retirement last too long; the league
needs your kind of guy.
