---
id: "352"
title: "The Storehouse League"
author: "Benson"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0027.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE STOREHOUSE LEAGUE
by Benson

First, it is both fitting and proper that we wel-
come to the Storehouse League the new commis-
sioner, known to all of us as "BIG JIM" Ford.
With the new commissioner at his post we can look
forward to a great season; knowing that ‘‘Big Jim”’
will guide the teams of this league with the maxi-
mum of fairness in every decision.

It is much too early to speak about the team
potentials or the abilities of the players that make up
the teams of this league, or how they will shape up
in the bid for the ’58 Championship, but I will try to
acquaint you with the teams in the league.

LYNX: Shall we say CONGRATULATIONS to last
year’s Champions and this year’s Defending Cham-
pions, for they will be back trying to do it again.
Dupree replaces Dick Hoffman as the owner and
Rooster returns as captain. Karl Thornton will
again hold down right field. Locke returns along
with a host of new players.

CARDINALS: The 758 Cardinals will not be satis-
fied with just being a contender for the Champion-
ship this year, but will be fighting all the way to
become Champions themselves. This club promises
to be a strong tight-knit organization with ‘‘Snooks”’
back as the owner, Joe Champ managing from the
field and Harry Taylor as the team captain.

ROCKETS: Owner Dave Morrison, with Clee as
manager and Sidney as captain, has put together
a very strong team composed of new faces to bid
for the League Championship. Aside from Clee and
Sidney, only ‘‘Ricco’’ remains from last season to
startle the opposition with his base-running tactics.
All in all, the Rockets will bear watching this season.

PHILLIES: With Norman Harmon as owner, Joe
Brown as manager and George Sanders, captain, the
only word released to this reporter was just, “ Watch
us!’? With a surprise pitcher from last year they
say they intend to make a fight for the Champion-
ship. With that spirit it would seem to me that the
League is in for some very exciting games.

So, until next issue, when your reporter hopes
to be back again, I hope that you get as big a kick
out of these games as I will in reporting them to you.
