---
id: "354"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness is Just a Dog Called
SNOOPY
by Joseph J. Cuff

HATS OFF TO THE PRINT SHOP GANG

SNOOPY has to take his high hat off and ex-
tend his paw to the print shop crew for their fine
work in getting THE ECHO out. Among those re-
sponsible for such a fine job are: Linotype operators
TOM FLANNERY, LITTLE OBIE, PAUL NEAL,
and ED SOUTHARD. Pressmen JOE McNULTY,
VINNIE COLODONATO, MIKE HUDAK, AL
RADE and PAUL PERRY. A special accolade to
the above mentioned for their fine cooperation.

ECHO PRESENTS THE ECHO’S

A newly formed little band, the “ECHO’S” is
rapidly becoming a habit with followers of slow,
captivating rhythms. The ECHO’S have a new and
fresh approach in dance music. Intricate and
unique tones hold the listener spellbound as they
play each week-end in the staff room. Members of
this interesting little band are; FREDDY ADAMS,
Ist tenor and leader; “'BARON' HINKUH, alto and
clarinet; PAUL GOFF, trombone; ARTY COUTS,
4th tenor; BOBBY JOHNSON, trumpet; EARL
BROWN, drums; ‘SKINNY’ DYER, accordion;
JIMMY MOSS, guitar; and JACK MACE, bass.

A MUSICAL ECHO

If any of you fellows are wondering what the
strange sounds are emitting from the ECHO office,
during the A.M. hours, it’s only AUGUSTUS WES-
LEY JR. 3rd, better known as ‘JUNEBUG’, playing
his left handed guitar along with his favorite ‘Rock
’n Roll’ radio program.

DUKE’S COUNTRY BOY’S

Leader BUD DUKE on guitar; JOKE HOFFMAN,
mandolin LEONARD ‘‘TENNESSHEE’’ MAHOF-
FRY, guitar and JOHN “ELVIS” JASON, voealist,
making real country music. This is a real hill-billy
group with the pro touch, harmonizing the folk songs
of the land, ballads of longing and hunger for man’s
eternal search for love. Lively, foot tapping songs of
down home and of course, ‘rock ’n roll’, as only
hill-bilies can deliver them.

OF SIGHTS AND SOUNDS:

The velvet tone of the flute as played by JESSH
BURCH, it seems as tho he were pulling notes like
taffy into a thin sweet thread of sound ... The
voices of the Catholic Choir, and the Choir directed
by “BUD” HARDY of the Salvation Army, as they
sing for Sunday Service... The smile on Joe’s face
as he walks to the visiting room to see his wife Sally,
Son Joey, and daughter Jo Ann... Men, as restless
as a chipmonk’s tail, sitting, waiting to be called to
be interviewed by the Parole Board. .. You cannot
fail to appreciate the warm, congenial atmosphere
which surrounds Alphonso LaRue, Herb Elliott and
Pencil’ Willie. . ~Cisco™” Cisneros says, = Why,
look back, look to the future, the whole world is be-
HOG. OWL,”

SNOOPY ROVES AROUND:

"BARON’ HINKLE toting his clarinet and an
arm load of music... JOE (IRISH) McDEVITT
waiting patiently for good news from his lawyer. . .
JOE (RUTT) RUTKOWSKI seeking a cupeake and
a bag of peanuts. From whom? MIKE SMITH,
of course . . . Deputy’s Clerk GHORGH FORCE
deserves a break on a commutation... FRANK GAL-
LAGHER pleading with commissioner HANK the
TANK to move third base closer to second, it seems
that Gal just can’t make it. Too Old Gal??? PAUL
O’NEIL, clerk to Dr. Gunson, Dentist, always will-
ing to ease the ache of a toothache. .. One of ESP’s
best dressed men is JOKE WHITELY, of the Hospital
Laboratory. .. DANNY BEZANIS busy in his bar-
ber shop snipping a hair here and there, Brother
ANGIE, slipping his thumb in a hot bowl of soup
in the officer’s mess ... A ’well done’ salute to
EARL BROGAN for doing a good job in the Hospital
Dispensary...

WM. (KNOBBY) RICHTER, claims that the
wearing of two hats will soon be the fashion. How
about a second head??????... JOHN ZAK, nowa-
days there are a lot too many of those ‘‘peas-in-the-
pod westerns on the channels. If you’ve seen one
or two of them, you’ve seen them all.

THIS I BELIEVE by HARRY ZIETZ

Every man, whether free or in prison, has a be-
lief, whether it be a belief in a dream or a belief in
reality. HARRY ZIETZ, has no dream to believe in.
His thoughts are expressed in the following words.

“I believe,’’ says Harry, ‘‘that the basic dif-
ference between men is not so much their ignorance
of each other’s character and personality, but the
clash of wills and desires.’’ Harry goes on to say,
‘‘Man, for all his weaknesses and mistakes is free to
choose the righteous course; and that, by recognition
of his soul’s freedom, he gains the knowledge that
he can fight through and win.’’

BUB, YOU IS JINXED!

FRANKIE THE COUNT, grumbles like the rest
of us when his handball game falls to pieces. Play-
ing poorly recently, Frankie turned to HANDBALL
MIKE and said, ‘‘Boy, ean you tell me what’s wrong
with my game?’’ “Bub’’ Mike said, “the trouble
with you is, you is jinxed.’’—By whom???

SLEEPY TIME BOY

It happened in Milwaukee, last October. An
ambulance screamed to a halt in the center of heavily
traveled main street. Attendants hurried to a tiny,
motionless figure inert on the pavement. A swift
examination followed. The diagnosis? One two-
year old boy overcome by the sandman.

A STEP AHEAD

In past administrations, it was the custom, that
when a man received a commutation of sentence, he
was released into the world without any idea of what
he was stepping into. It was a cold and strange free
world, and sometime, a terrifying world.

Recently inaugurated by the present administra-
tion is the practice of allowing commuted men daily
walks around the outside of ESP. What better way
is there of gradually conditioning these men for final
melease. NOOERY Says, its a step in the right
direction."

ANOTHER FIRST—via McNEAIR & TOBIN

Tuesday night, April 8, 1958, a banquet was held
in honor of the Hastern League basketball players
here at the Eastern State Penitentiary. The affair
was made possible by Superintendent William J.
Banmiller and his staff.

After dinner, (steak, french fried potatoes,
green peas, steamed rice and onion gravy, bread and
butter, cream cheese, pie, coffee and milk, was
served) Mr. Banmiller, in a short address, stated
that in the future a banquet will be forthcoming,
bigger and more elaborate each year—probably in
December—for all of those who participate in organ-
ized sports in the institution.

Mr. Graham, Athletic and Educational Director,
supervised the operation of the movie projector by
Herb Elliott. The reel was of professional basket-
ball and it depicted highlight plays of teams in the
National Basketball Association.

The management of the Philadelphia Warriors
made the showing of the film possible.

PREDICTIONS OF THINGS TO COME

Two items relating to the messhall fall mto
Snoopy’s column of predictions for this issue. Num-
ber one prediction is; Radio speakers will be set up
in the mess halls providing music during meals .. .
Prediction number two; Signs will be posted above
the tray carts asking all inmates not to waste food,
signs will also say, “TAKE ONLY AS MUCH FOOD
AS YOU CAN EAT."

The Philadelphia INQUIRER, a notorious anti-
commutation and anti-parole newspaper, will finally
admit, that prisoners can, and are being rehabili-
tated ... A class in television and radio will soon be
set up. This will prove to be the most popular voca-
tional class in ESP... In place of loud speakers,
there will be a ear-phone hook-up for listening to
T.V. programs ... Apples and oranges will be sold
through the commissary this summer... As soon as
the old maintenance building is razed and ground
cleared, arrangements will be made to have outside
competition for softball games.
