---
id: "355"
title: "The Gospel Train Stops at Eastern"
author: "Dennis, Theodore J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
AN ECHO SPECIAL EVENT:

The Gospel Train
Stops
At Eastern

Now, to see and hear these inspirators in person, was the rewarding
answer to an inner desire that gave them pause to contemplate the
spiritual side of their reluctant life.

by THEODORE J. DENNIS

Saturday afternoon, March 29, 1958, the “‘Gospel
Train’’, engineered by the soft, honey-voiced,
dise jockey of spirituals for Radio Station WIHLAT,
Miss Portia Perry, came to a stop within the formid-
able 30-foot walls of the Eastern State Penitentiary.
Some 300 or more eager inmates gathered in the
chapel filling it to a standing-room-only capacity

Dr. J. A. Tomlin, of the Community Mission
Baptist Church, gathered all in a Christian spirit
with an inspiring prayer which was followed by
greetings and the introduction of Miss Portia Perry
by Mrs. Glenna Bannister, Advertising Manager of
the Afro American weekly newspaper. The said
Mrs. Bannister graciously presented Miss Perry with
a beautiful, blue-red orchid as a token of apprecia-
tion for her sacrificial labor of generously spending
herself bestowing Christ-like ministry of love and
understanding to the hearts of all those which she
comes into contact with either in person or througn
the broad medium of her popular radio program.

Inspiring the inmates intellectually and emotion-
ally, with the supernatural influence that qualifies
men to receive and communicate the Divine truth
of the Gospel of Christ in song, at this pomt, the
body of the program itself began which literally
resurrected the somewhat trodden spirits from their
monotonous way of institutional life.

Often in the quiet of the inmates cells, as they
strive daily for moral strength, they have heard the
inspiring music of these angelic voices. Now, to see
and hear these inspirators in person, was the re-

Left to Right: Mrs. Glenna Bannister, Superintendent William J. Banmiller,
Miss Portia Perry, Mr. Thatcher Longstreth and Mr. Jerome Medly.

warding answer to an inner desire that gave them
pause to contemplate the spiritual side of their re-
luctant way of life.

In attempting to summerize the program, the
writer sought to fully describe the mixture of emo-
tions that beset the inmate audience during the said
afternoon, but words became quite elusive, and all
that follows fails to do justice to the wonderful tal-
ent that was seen and heard and deeply shared.

After the singing of the National Anthem in the
combined voices of inmates and the guest entertain-
ers, the Tomlin Choir enchanted the men with its en-
riching and deeply stirring version of “Swing Low
Sweet Chariot’’ and “Get on Board Little Children”

Next came the inmates’ own vocal group, “The
Charmers’’, who added to the joyful festivities with
a lovely tune, ‘‘Happy Birthday Mother Dear’’,
which was written and composed by the group’s
leader, Jimmy Lane, as a dedication to his mother.
Applause demanded an encore which was rendered
with the addition the soul-stirring, baritone voice of
Jerone Chavis singing ‘‘Just A Closer Walk With
Thee”.

The glow of the inmates’ hearts was further
warmed by the Nationally famous Bay State Singers
sparkling contribution of ‘‘What Kind Of Man Is
This?’’ and ‘‘Let Us Run While The Sun Is Shining’’.

Next on the program came the comparatively
new North Philadelphia Juniors who are endowed
with a special talent that is rapidly placing them
among the leaders of Gospel singers. This group
rocked our small chapel with their appropriate ren-
ditions of ‘‘Sit Down Children’’ and “I Heard The
News Jesus Is Coming Again’’. After a tremendous
ovation, they returned and gloriously sang ‘‘Banks
On Mhe iverns.

Enthusiastically and spiritually inspired, the
well-known Gate City Singers, with their clever and
unique style, came forth with ‘‘On The Battlefield
Mor My Mord” and “Some Glad Mornings Ml Bly
Away’’.

To add another bright spot and a touch of witti-
cism to an already brilliant program, came the lik-
able Mr. Thatcher Longstreth, young, staunch, Urban
League erusader, and a former Republican candidate
for the Philadelphia mayorality. As guest speaker,
Mr. Longstreth gave the men an eye-opening speech
eoneerning the need of both group and individual
understanding and active participation in the pro-
gressive steps being made toward more brotherhood
in this city and throughout the state.

In the said speech, which was spot-lighted with
refreshing humor and a bit of soul-searching, it was
evident that Mr. Longstreth is a wonderful orator
who is sincere in his endeavor. He made many
lasting friends here who admire him and are in
sympathy with his cause.

At the end of Mr. Longstreth’s speech, Miss
Perry stated, ‘‘It may seem a little strange for a
woman to delve in politics, but, I’m interested too.’’

The inmates, as fellow human beings, are inter-
ested in politics also; that is, in the full sense the
definition of the word implies! The thoughts and
feelings of the inmates at Hastern State Penitentiary
coincide with those of Mr. Longstreth and Miss Perry.

The musical portion of the program was con-
tinued as the ever-popular Norfolk Four came next
with their keen-ness of tonal coloring to further en-
tertain us. Adding a touch of variety to the show,
this very versitile group of young men received a
galaxy of applause, cheers, and laughter with their
witty and humorous tunes: ‘‘The Man Who Drove

The Sky Lighters and their director, Mr. Medly.

The Mule Around The World’’ and “Chicken Pie’’.

As a change of pace in the program, the Sky
Lighters, directed by Mr. Jerome Medly, brought to
the appreciative audience something new and dit-
ferent in the realm of progressive sound, through
their introduction of progressive vocalism in choral
form.

They are to be highly commended because of the
conqured intricacies involved in syncopating their
voices to give an exquisite sound appealing even to
the sensitivities of those who do not ordinarily ap-
preciate progressive jazz. Their interpatations of
‘Intermission Riff’’ and ‘‘Route 66’’ others will find
difficult to equal.

The finale consisted of all the groups singing in
unison, ‘‘God Be With You 'Till We Meet Again’’.

The inmates of E.S.P. wish to express their pro-
found gratitiude and thanks to Mrs. Glenna Ban-
nister, Mr. Thatcher Longstreth, Dr. J. A. Tomlin,
and all the other participants in the program for giv-
ing of themselves and their time to help make the
Easter season a very nice and pleasant one for them.
The inmates also wish to especially thank Miss
Portia Perry, and the management and staff of
Radio Station WHAT for the beautiful gift pre-
sented to them. They can certainly make good use
of the lovely Hi Fi record player and record albums
presented. Many many times in this, their interlude
of trial and preparation, they can call on the said gift
and the heart-warming memory of the stated pro-
gram to relive again the thoughtful kindness of
lovely people.

As Superintendent William Banmiller said to
Miss Perry, quoting Portia in Shakespeare’s ‘‘Mer-
chant of Venice", "The quality of mercy is not
strain’d, It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven
upon the place beneath ...’’

And the inmates feel:

"Your mercy is above this sceptred sway,
It is enthroned in the hearts of kings,
It is an attribute to God Himself.”

Also from the Shakespeare’s ‘‘Merchant of Venice’’.

Yes, dear reader, the “Gospel Train once stop-
ped at this station; and now there is many a stow-
away, ln spirit, on board.

Our sincere thanks.
