---
id: "356"
title: "Poetry"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0033.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
I CAN MAKE IT ALONE
[BUT WHY?]

To make my way, throughout each day, 
Alone and friendless, yet proud;
Needing no one, beneath the Sun,
Alone, in the midst of a crowd;
Smothering each doubt, with a selfish shout,
“I can make it alone!’’
(But why?)

Should I hide my tears and mask my fears,
And be carefree when there is others around?
When I’m out of sight, in the still of the night,
And my mask of pretense is down;
Should I sigh to myself, and lie to myself
“I can make it alone!’’
(Tell me why?)

Why? yes, why? must I make it alone?
Alone without friends, falsely proud;
No man is complete, in egoistic conceit,
He is ever a part of that crowd;
A cog, I feel, in humanities wheel,
Yet . . "He can make it alone"
(Not I.)

With false pride on the shelf, less thought of self,
I advance with a helping hand;
For only in sharing, assisting, and caring,
Can I ask others to understand ;
I shall know in the end, that I’ve been a friend,
Sure, — ‘‘I can make it alone,’’
(But why??)
BY JESSE BURCH

IF AND WHEN

If I weep, let my tears be for others
If I laugh, let me laugh with thee
If I hate, let me hate my shortcomings
If I love, let my love flow free.
If I lie, let it be a wee white one
If I pain, let me not show the strain
If I sigh, let my sighs be love sighs
If I die, let it not be in vain.
When I pray, let my prayers not be selfish
When I sing, let my songs be to you
When I sin, may my sins be forgiven
And when and if these hopes come true
I'll feel that my life was not squandered
And has proved it’s dedication to you.
BY JESSE BURCH

JUDGEMENT

Pass me not in review,
Before your judgement stand
For I am only one . . . lost in
Bewilderment’s land
And alone merit not your time or scorn.
There are countless more to come, 
As yet unborn
What things I have done to bring me here
Cannot be credited to your wiles or schemes
So let me walk with bowed head
And reap the harvest.of my dreams
Your’s cannot be the thorny path, that crooked goes
For I, alone, can feel this worlds punishing woes.
BY CLARENCE L. HOWARD JR.
