---
id: "357"
title: "Expression in Color"
author: "Terres, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
expression in color

by FRANK H. TERRES

For two hours each week, a group of our Inmates
leave the walls of the Penitentiary and revel
amid the beauty of nature’s splendor. They walk
through the woodlands; stroll through the by-paths
of Fairmount Park; sit on the banks of the Schuyl-
kill; and, enjoy all of the beauty of the free world.
This they do, vicariously, by the method of colored
Photography—and through the eyes of their guide
and illustrator. The group, the Art Class—their
guide and illustrator, George Redling.

We have often heard the phrase, ‘‘Artists are
born, not made.’’ However, since my attendance at
the Eastern State Penitentiary School of Art, I dis-
count the statement as ‘‘pure nonsense.’’ I have
witnessed men approach Mr. Redling for the first
time, presenting a crude, mishappen, poorly organ-
ized work as evidence of their latent ability. The
configuration was scaleless. The color design lacked
contrast, or mellow blend. Only the inherent de-
sire of the maker gave any evidence of promise. And
yet, within a short period of time, the transforma-
tion of their work, under the skilled guidance of the
Instructor, began to reflect the beauty that was
awaiting the hand of expression. Crudeness gave
way to delicate stroke. The balance of scale became
apparant. Contrasts and blends reflected, vividly,
the astounding panorama of color presented by
Heaven and Barth. Echoes of color riccocheted
from the Canvas to flash in the eyes of viewers. What
had previously been an Artists Work, became a
Work of Art. In the progress of the individuals,
the Art Class, became a Class of Art. The drab,
colorless Cocoon releases the unchallenged beauty of
a Butterfly. The bold strokes of an Inmate’s Brush,
releases the thoughts of beauty that he within the
lack-luster Penal Uniform.

Everything that develops, must first be born.
Where and how was the Art Class born? I am in-
clined to believe—much as the birth of man—it was
a gift of God. The seeds of color expression were
planted deeply within the Inmates. They needed
the cultivation in order to burst forth in riotous
bloom. Strangely enough, it was through a servant
of God that Mr. Redling became our ‘‘Gardener.’’

His first visit to E.S.P. was at the request of
Rev. Gordon Reynolds, our Chaplain. About one
year ago, Rev. Reynolds, (a personal friend of Mr.
Redling) asked the Artist to come in and look at
the work of an Inmate, who was painting portraits
of relatives. He came as a.Critic. Through the
efforts of Mr. Thomas Graham, Educational Director,
he remained as an Instructor and friend. Mr.
Graham, long aware of the artistic potentialities of
many of our Inmates, started the Mill to turn. There-
by, from the artistic seeds of the Inmates, a servant
of God, the interest and authority of a Staff member,
plus the enthusiasm and unselfishness of a great
Artist—an Art Class was born.

You may ask, ‘‘Why was George Redling called
in as a Critic?’’—‘What are his qualifications?”’
Our most natural response would be to start listing
his many, many Art Awards, and One Man Shows.
Mr. Redling does not desire us to do that. He is the
type of man who wants the emphasis placed on the
Class and not himself. As George Gobel would say,
“You can’t hardly find them there kind anymore!”’’
However, in respect to George Redling, The Artist,
it should suffice to say he is rated as one of “100
outstanding World Artists of the 20th Century.’’
But, it was George Redling, The Man, who witnessed
our need, and unselfishly answered it. This youth-
ful man of 56 years, gives us his talent, joyously.
His enthusiasm, after years of outstanding success, is
convincing evidence of the joy in life that can be
attained by the simple measure of being cognizant
to the everyday beauty around us. He offers his
many talents, of which, Art is only one. This phy-
sically rugged six-foot man of the outdoors has cul-

Mr. Redling at the head of his class.

minated his experiences as a Zine Miner, Iron-
Worker, Railroad Man, Chemist and Musician, into
his expression of life in vivid color. If anyone were
to ask me his method of teaching—his technique—
I would be at a loss for an answer. He is more than
a teacher. George, as we all call him, is a friend.
He is interested in us as individuals, who share his
love of Art. I don’t believe that George ever thinks
of us as ‘‘Inmates.’’ He illustrates by utilizing the
medium of Colored Photography, as well as personal
demonstration. He exhibits enthusiasm over your
futile attempts, and makes you feel that your work
is important. He instills pride of accomplishment,
while constructively criticizing. The scenes of the
countryside, that were commonplace to us in our
past, acquire new values when seen through the eyes
of this man of verve. George teaches Art. But,
George gives us much more. The stereotype word
‘‘Rehabilitation,’’ does not apply to the class of Art.
Rehabilitation infers a return to a certain status.
The class of Art is assimilating a sense of ‘‘Reevalua-
tion.’’ To the men who study Art, the world becomes
a brighter, more joyous place in which to live. They
receive an improved sense of values. To almost
every Inmate in Prison, a Hobby is essential. As he
pursues his Hobby, he can dream of the better life
he has experienced or, the one he hopes for in the fu-
ture. What better Hobby could be found than to
put these hopes and dreams on Canvas, in the ex-
pression of color. They remain as permanent rec-
ords of hope, beauty and the turmoils within the
individual.

The members of the Art Class look forward,
eagerly, to the weekly sessions with our friend. The
companionable ventures into colorful expression
shall be fond memories of an otherwise somber ex-
istence. Diplomas on Sheepskin are not given to the
students of the class as awards of accomplishment.
However, Diplomas on Canvas shall, no doubt, grace
the walls in their homes throughout the years to
come. Very few of us, if any, shall pursue Art as a
means of making a living. It is a rough road to the
land of plenty. And yet, in some measure, living
shall become an Art to those who have benefited by
its teaching.

We owe much to the many who have made this
class possible. They have brought a ray of sunshine
into our world of monotony, drabness and ignominy.
We wish to thank them all, for the contributions
made toward emotional release and personal ac-
complishment. Thanks are offered to ‘‘Jim Beatty,
an Artist in his own right, who assists Mr. Redling
greatly, in his work. ‘‘Jim’’ works incessantly for
the good of the Class. He handles all of the detail,
so necessary for a study group. Materials, appoint-
ments, assistance in the many projects, and unflag-
ging enthusiasm come under his willing hand. All of
this, plus having an Art Class of his own. Further,
he supplies the Art Work needed for this institution.
Quite a project for the little man, but he does it so
well. He is not forgotten in his efforts. There are
others who contribute effort for the good of the Class
as a whole. It is that type of a group. Hach one
working for the good of all. It is also, indicative
of the caliber of the teacher. It reflects good fellow-
ship and deep interest. J am proud to be a member
of such a group, and thankful for the opportunity to
display this pride publicly.

Due to outside commitments, (An Artist must
eat, also) Mr. Redling has abandoned the Saturday
afternoon Class in favor of Wednesday afternoon.
It would certainly be a welcome sight, if the Wednes-
day afternoon class were to be filled to the point of
overflowing. The facilities are available. Mr. Red-
ling will be available. All that is needed is the
desire of our fellow Inmates to venture into the
World of Art. Once the venture is inaugerated,
it becomes an adventure. An adventure on an unend-
ing trail, through the realm of natures beauty.
