---
id: "359"
title: "Back Stage"
author: "Tobin, Charles M."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by CHARLES M. TOBIN

BACK STAGE

“‘Everyone likes to bear a good musician or
singer perform on stage, but only a few care to hear
him practice back stage.’’ So said Robert Johnson,
one of the best trumpet players in this institution.
How true this is! And it is not surprising to find
only a handful who are interested in becoming mu-
sicians ... it calls for patience, drive, determination
and will power. Above all, it calls for hard work
and unending sacrifice.

Going back stage, we see the Charmers working
conscientiously on a number titled, ‘‘That’s What
Your Doing To Me.’”’ To the right of the group we
see Eugene Davis on xylophone and Tom Gofer on
guitar. To the left, Alphonso LaRue on alto sax
and Bill Schoommaker on drums. The singing group
itself consists of Beauford (Franky) Consar 1st.
tenor; Louis (Lou) Brown 2nd. tenor; Dillard (Big
Mack) Averette, baritone; Howard (Slim) Strange,
bass; and Jimmy (Foots) Lane their beloved leader.

Foots is speaking: ‘‘Alright George,”’ (To la-
Rue on sax) ‘‘take that down again.’’ They begin
again—one minute later-—‘‘Hold it George, try it
this way.’’ At this he plucks away at his guitar
and the melody spells itself out with ease. ‘‘Ok
George?’’ LaRue shakes his head yes. (Note: He
refers to all his men as George.)

They start again—nine seconds later—* No, No,
No!!! Look George, let’s try this one.’’ Addressing
the group he says, ‘‘This is the one you have to run
on G-Flat, Ok? ‘‘Gofer takes off with a mean pick
job and the whole group is on his tail with a very
fast back ground to a number titled, ‘‘Oh Run Run
Pretty Baby Doll.’’ This number was started 32
times within the next two hours. But when it was
completed it was a splendid rendition that had cap-
tured. a taste of perfection.

In listening to this quintet, what can be said to
do them justice when even their practice session is
a masterpiece of pure entertainment? You will have
to see and hear their rhythmic coordination for true
appreciation. 

At present the quintet’s pinnacle is only a
dream. However, I find it fostered with an auspi-
cious attitude.

In conclusion let me add a bit of philosophy:
True beauty does not lie in the completion but rather
in the growth. Be it a child growing to manhood,
a man’s quest for love or the hard grind back stage
for a future performance... true beauty lies always
in the growth.
