---
id: "36"
title: "Good Luck, Jerry!"
author: "Corvi, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“ Good Luck, Jerry "

MY FIRST RECOLLECTION of Jerry Culp,
our recently departed former editor, was of him car-
rying a guitar under his arm, his strides somewhat
resembling the strides of Groucho Marx, as he hur-
ried to a hillybilly jam session.

His strides since then, more mature, confident,
have carried him to a position where he can look
back and in his serio-comic way, say, ‘‘ Well, I have
accomplished something, haven’t I?’’

For accomplish something, he has. An extro-
vert, he loved to mingle with everyone and combined
with his love for music it was only natural that he
should find an outlet for expression in the Institu-
tion Band. But, of course, our Jerry, ever the join-
er, did not stop with just one band. He joined
every band in sight. After winning a seat on the
Dance Band and the Concert Band, he formed his
own Combo which featured a Hawaiian motif. For
a while it was feared he was seriously considering
setting himself up as a one-man band. But it was
pointed out to him that that type of ‘eccentric’ was
usually brought to the attention of the ‘head-
knocker’.

Jerry did not take his music lightly and devoted
much time to study. He studied Music Theory,
Harmony, Advanced Harmony and Arranging and
orchestrated several pieces for both the dance band
and the institution band. In addition, he gave un-
sparingly of his time to many of the inmates who
were also students of music, always seeming to
find time to make arrangements for them and help-
ing them with their orchestration.

It was only natural, too, that as a further ex-
pression of his talents he would arrange and manage
several Variety Shows which he did successfully and
to the great enjoyment of the inmate population.
Directing the show from his seat as drummer he in-
variably left his position and joined in the comedy
skits contributing to the hilarity of the show. Each
show was indelibly imprinted with his pleasant per-
sonality. Ever a showman, he put as much attention
into his shows as any Broadway director, striving,
in his own way, to replace the monotony of prison
with humor,

With money earned in prison, Jerry paid for
his music lessons and also bought IT. IT being his
beloved E-harp (pronounced A-harp—don’t ask me
why), a complex many-stringed (estimated from
13 to 32 strings) instrument that produces beauti-
ful music at the direction of his flying fingers. This
instrument, suitable for both serious and modern
music, resembles (excuse the blasphemy, Jerry) a
contraption my mother used for making home-made
macaroni. I loved the by-product of each: his beau-
tiful music and her equally delicious macaroni.
Mastering that many-stringed instrument did not
come easily to our hero. Many times his flying fin-
gers became enmeshed in the strings and he had to
wear it down to the chow line because he could not
extricate his fingers in time. However, master it he
did, much to the enjoyment of all who have had the
pleasure of listening to him play.

As if that wasn’t a sufficient hobby he also pur-
sued a less active interest in Photography which he
hopes to pursue to a more active extent on his ‘free’
time.

Our hero for some time tried to distinguish him-
self in the field of sports, choosing as this outlet,
softball. Taking the name literally to mean ‘soft’
ball, he felt that little harm could be done him.
How wrong he could be soon became evident when
he was hit by a pitched ball. After being hit, he
picked up the ball to throw it back to the pitcher and
as he hefted it he was heard to mumble, ‘‘soft-ball—
hmmmm!!’’ Undaunted he tried to play the game
on several occasions but he found the ball ever-elu-
Sive in the field and intent on mayhem while he was
at bat. Admitting that ‘‘that’s a kid’s game any-
way’’ our hero dropped out of the league and took
vengeance upon the game that defeated him and
caused him his only complete failure by publishing a
one-man, one-sheet ‘newspaper’ called the Potts-
town Evening Bulletin whose sole purpose was to
kid and gibe all the successful competitors in the
league. It might be noted that here was planted the
germ of journalism that would flourish in another
form at a later date.

Jerry’s vocational interest has been the Print
Shop where he learned to operate a Linotype in par-
ticular. Upon his release he was employed by one
of Philadelphia’s leading newspapers as a Linotype
operater with the capacity of earning $100 to $125
per week. It was while working in the Print Shop
that he nurtured the idea of an institution newspaper
or magazine. So, it came as no surprise, when it
was finally directed that the Eastern State Pen
would have a magazine, that our Jerry Culp should
be acclaimed its first editor. With all the thought
that he had previously had on this subject he
brought much knowledge to the magazine, helping
in the organization and establishing a format, selec-
ting articles and stories and directing with a pro-
fessional touch the duties of his staff. Our first edi-
tion has been acclaimed and lauded by other publi-
cations, both penal and ‘outside,’ and we have re-
ceived many encouraging letters for which Jerry
Culp should be justly proud. He showed us how
and we shall strive to continue in his footsteps.

In retrospect, I look back and see that guitar as
a symbol representing ambition, initiative and de-
termination tucked neatly under his arm as he
strides ever forward.

We lost a good editor but in the process of los-
ing we’ve recruited a foreign correspondent. We
hope to hear from him regarding pertinent questions
resulting from parole adjustment and relative sub-
jects.

Jerry, we salute you, you passed our way and
you left your mark on all those that have known you.
May the magazine at whose birth you played such
an important part continue to grow and leave its
mark by doing something constructive for the in-
mates of this penitentiary.

—Editor
