---
id: "360"
title: "Music In Our Air"
author: "Jacobs, Bernard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by BERNARD JACOBS

MUSIC IN OUR AIR.

An old-timer peered into the front office one
recent Sunday morning, scratched his head and mur-
mured, “Who'd have thought it?” The event
eliciting this comment was the recently inaugura-
ted ‘‘Music Appreciation Hour.’’ Some of the men
sat with their eyes closed, some with that unde-
seribable, far away look, but almost without fail,
they were away from here for a little while.

Last summer the institution was the beneficiary
of a gift of an automatic record player from Phil
Sheridan, local radio and television star. A little
while later, one of Philadelphia’s distinguished
judges, Curtis Bok, while on a visit, heard about
Mr. Sheridan’s donation. He magnanimously dona-
ted some wonderful L.P. Classical Records. Several
men approached Mr. William Berg, in charge of
Social Service, about the possibility of having a
Music Appreciation Hour, featuring Classical Music,
Mr. Berg had been instrumental in the presentation
of similar programs at the Federal Institutions at
Lewisburg, Pennsylvania and Danbury, Connecticut,
and he quite willingly took the matter up at the
next meeting of the Superintendent’s Staff Board.
Mr. Banmiller and the Board heartily approved the
idea.

Most of the Sunday morning programs have had
a varied assortment of music. There were of course
curiosity seekers but, for the most part, those who
still attend are loyal and fervent listeners. The
music collection has grown as subsequent gifts have
come in from various quarters. We now have avail-
able more than fifty hours of listening. Among the
composers represented on the records are Beethoven,
Brahms. Bizet, Dvorak; Mahlen Bach Chopin,
Tschaikovsky, Franck, Handel, and others. Every-
one is welcome to attend and derive from the music
vast melodic pleasures. For some it may be mem-
ories of Robin Hood Dell concert of the past, for
others a wonderful day at the Academy of Musie.
But more important for most, the drifting during
those fleeting moments will not be to a yesterday,
but more to a tomorrow; a brighter and happier
tomorrow, when we will have these great moments
available to us, not for a few hours, but for as often
as we wish—OUTSIDE.

For those interested we have available during
a normal week of listening on our earphones the fol-
lowing: The New York Philharmonic, The Cleve-
land Symphony, The Metropolitan Opera Broadeasts,
Classical Music For Those Who Hate Classical Musie,
and several others. Some day soon we may even
have an F.M. Station on one of our radio channels.

But as the ‘old-timer’ said, ‘‘Who’d ’ave thought
it?"

SIC TRANSIT GLORIA MUSICA
