---
id: "362"
title: "The Cuban League"
author: 'McNeair, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0038.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE CUBAN LEAGUE
by Joseph ‘‘GI’’ McNeair

The Cuban League club owners; David Croxton,
Moses Taylor, Harry Cohen and Joseph MecNeair are
forced to stand idly by and watch lately arrived
softball talent (they had signed) go to the Store-
house League.

However, the owners are still optimistic about
fielding fairly good teams.

Now for a run-down on this years’ teams:

RAMS: Last years’ Champions have changed own-
ership and the new owner, David Croxton, feels that
with fair pitching his club will be a repeater. But,
the sideliners say, ‘‘ With David (Rough and Tough)
Wilder gone the Rams don’t stand a chance.”’

DODGERS: Finishing second last year, they also
are under new management. Harry ‘‘Juice’’ Cohen
will pilot them and he is hopeful of being the best in
1958. To hear John “the Youngster’’ Wheeler and
James ‘‘McCarthy’’ Smith talk, the Dodgers can’t
lose—a lot of weight on their lone pitcher, Runt
Jordan. With the loss of some of their key players,
especially Willie ‘‘Arkansas’’ Wilson and James
‘JW.’ Jackson, the critics feel that despite having
their big stick, Lawrence “Boxcar’’ Keith, the Dod-
gers will linger close to the cellar.

GIANTS: A new team, replacing the Bears in the
Cuban League, the club is owned by Mose ‘‘Chuck’’
Taylor. No one seems to know who the individual
players are at this time. The club’s manager was
asked about his roster and he claimed that he didn’t
keep one. Yours truly assumed that he meant that
he didn’t have one handy, for surely he knows each
club has to supply a roster to each of the other clubs
and to the Commissioner’s office.
Last, but not least, to complete the League:

FALCONS: Under the same management, William
“Horse’’ Diggs and Joseph “G.I.’’ MeNeair, this
club finished in the cellar last year. However, at the
close of the season the Birds were playing like Cham-
plons. They checked the Rams winning streak and
knocked the Bears out of first place. ‘‘G.I.’’ and
‘‘Horse’’ were so pleased with the club’s efforts, they
have continued the contracts of some of their play-
ers, namely: John T. White, Leon Wells, James
Selby, William ‘‘Chico’’ Cooper and Sonny Mays.
Though the Falcons lost their ace pitcher, Ed-
ward ‘“Walkie-Talkie’’ Johnson, they acquired
“Arkansas’’, catcher and ‘‘Rough and Tough’’
Wilder, who is one of the best pitchers within the
mammoth grays. Promising players on the Falcon’s
roster include: Luther Pinkett, Jr., Elmer Hardy,
Robert Freeman, James Fisher, Leonard Massey,
Theordore J. Dennis, Frank Ray and William
Sampson.
