---
id: "364"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "2"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1958_body0039.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
EDITOR:

You didn’t have to tell me that ECHO was better
than ever. It is quite obvious with each issue, and is
becoming the leader of the penal press association. In
fact, all the penal press is getting more assertive and stronger
in its appeal.

You know I am representing the Penal Press Associa-
tion with the American Society of Association Executives,
and at each conference I make new friends. They ask for
samplings. Some of these members are directors of Service
Groups, and also of groups who contribute to rehabilitation
programs. I feel my contact with them will be helpful in
carrying the news to the public faster.

Dot Scheer

Dear Dot:

No one knows better than we (The Penal Press) the
wonderful and humane work' you are doing in the field of
public relations for inmates in penal institutions around
the world. Although you are neither a penologist or a
sociologist, your work is reaping a high harvest, for through
your ceaseless efforts, society is awakening to the fact
that prisoner’s are ‘human beings’. It was with pride that
the Penal Press proclaimed you ““MRS. PUBLIC RE-
LATIONS Ol" “NEG IRWIN AIL, Jelsaisisy ?7

JOE CUFF, Editor

Dear Mr. Cuff:

Please accept my belated congratulations on your
latest issue of THE ECHO and the kind words you printed
about me as a preface to the script of my broadcast.
Would you please forward me three copies that I could
give to some friends.

Sincerely,

Charles Shaw

News Director

WCAU Radio - WCAU Television

Dear Mr. Shaw:

Our kind words written about you in THE ECHO, is
the only way possible that we can express our thanks to
you, for the many, many kind words you have said about
us in your broadcasts and public speaking engagements.

Please accept the sincerest thanks of our inmate
population and the ECHO Staff.

The Editor

Dear Sir:

I am very interested in the progress and well being
of the ECHO MAGAZINE and in the people who prepare,
edit and send out same. May I have the privilege of
extending a bit of a helping hand in behalf of all of you,
by stressing the good that lies in the publication HCHO
MAGAZINE. Can I volunteer my service in the direction
of securing some more subscribers for the ECHO. Will
appreciate if you will send me some subscription blanks to
sign up some additional people.

Trusting I may have a small part in aiding a worthy
magazine and a worthy group of MEN.

Sincerely yours,

Albert Trauffer, Chairman
Friendly Neighbor Group.

Dear Mr. Trauffer:

It is very seldom that the ECHO receives a letter such
as yours. It makes one return to the Good Book and
review the parable of ‘‘The Good Samaritan’’,

Your efforts in our behalf, have begun to bear fruit.
We have gained several new readers through your wonderful,
helping hand.

May the Good Lord bestow His blessings on your
Friendly Neighbor Group.
THE ECHO STAFF.

Dear Henry:

Enjoy your sports comment in the ECHO, and all the
writers are pretty darn good, and give your readers
interesting reading. Rather liked the baseball predic-
tions for the season is now upon us, and will save the
spring copy for future references. We’ll see how Tobin
and Saby fare with their prognostications. I’ll wager this
however, that they will be as close with their predictions
as most of the writing critics. Both Tobin and Saby seem
to have analized the situation very well.

Your column makes enjoyable reading, and that is the
main issue.

Lewis Slaw

Dear Sir:

Thanks for the two copies of ‘‘EASTERN ECHO’’
which, in my opinion is the TOPS. I have appropriated
one copy for my own use and will circulate the other
throughout our Staff.

Sincerely yours,
W. E. Anderson

District Supervisor, Pennsylvania Board of Parole
Philadelphia, Penna.

Dear Mr, Anderson:

All of us considered your words high praise, indeed...
especially since they come from a person so many of us
here in ESP are familiar with. We thank you.

the Editor

Dear Warden:

Words cannot express, or convey my thanks and
appreciation for the blood donated, by the INMATES, for
the needs of my mother on March 3rd, 1958.

Thanks to each and every convict comes from my
heart, as well as the thanks of my brothers and sister, for
their giving—and in their thoughts of giving—a downed
person a chance for life!

My mother died from thrombosis on March 11, 1958.
She was given the blood in order to have an opportunity...
and the strength to fight. She rallied for five days before
a setback. She expressed these words, ‘‘No one can tell
me they are really bad boys. Thank every one for me.
If I could get out of here, and if I do—I will go over there
and tell that man who runs the place to thank them for
being good boy’s.’’

Had my mother pulled through, her Irish determination
would have had her over there.

Friends and relatives, who heard what you fellows did,
remarked, ‘‘How wonderful it was of them!’’ I replied,
‘‘buy the EASTERN ECHO, as a way of showing the
boy’s how you feel.’’

I extend my personal thanks to you,Warden, for starting
the ball rolling when asked for blood and to Dr. Blumberg
and Sam Andrews for their sanctioning of our request and
in obtaining the blood itself. I give my deepest thanks
to each and everyone who gave thought and consideration,
as well as blood, toward helping an ex-con’s mother.

I’m all balled up in thought, for want of a better way
to express my thanks. It’s amazing to find how much the
unrecognized have done, and will do — where no million
dollar publicity can be gained from it!

Most sincerely yours,
John J. Ardiff
