---
id: "368"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0005.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo
Vol. 3  Winter of 1958  No. 4

Joseph J. Cuff, Editor
James Morrison, Managing Editor
Henry Myers, Associate Editor
Frank H. Terres, Feature Editor
Joseph MeNeair, Sports Editor
William Conrey, Asst. Sports Editor
Jesse Burch, Poetry Editor
James "Mike" Smith, Circulation Manager
Ralph Teitjen, Exchange Editor
Walter Stepper and John Greco, Photographers

Staff Writers: Robert F. Cullen, Nicholas B. Harper, Theodore J. Dennis, Joe Brown and
Thomas Williams.

CONTENTS

ARTICLES   THE RIGHT TO LIFE, EXCEPT              Joseph J. Cuff   4
           THE FORK IN THE ROAD             Erle Stanley Gardner   6

FEATURES   FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT'S DESK   William J. Banmiller   2
           CAGE ONE                               Joseph J. Cuff   3
           SOME THINGS TO THINK ABOUT                              8
           PROFILE                                   Henry Myers  10
           SANTA'S LITTLE HELPERS                                 20
           OPPORTUNITY'S KNOCK IS ANSWERED          Frank Terres  21
           MUSIC IN THE AIR                       Thomas Williams 28
           NEW LANDSCAPING BEGINS                                 32
           ART AND HOBBY EXHIBIT                                  32

STORIES    THE NIGHT BEFORE                       Joseph J. Cuff  12
           THE FURY WITHIN                    James "Mike" Smith  16
           DON'T REHABILITATE ME--DE-INSTITUTIONALIZE ME          18
           THE WORLD I NEVER MADE                 Joseph J. Cuff  29
           THE UNFORTUNATE LOVE OF JACKIE BAKER
                                              James "Mike" Smith  30

RELIGION   THE CHAPLAIN'S PAGE               Rev. John J. McHugh  15

SPORTS     THE EASTERN ECHO SPORTS SECTION                        22
           SOFTBALL                                    Joe Brown  22
           BASKETBALL                                Jim Stewart  22
           FOOTBALL                               William Conrey  24

ALSO       SNOOPY                                                 26
           PEN-GRINS                                  Bob Cullen  33
           PENAL PRESS REVIEWS                     Ralph Teitjen  34
           FOR THE ECHO RECORD                                    35
           THE EASTERN ECHO MAIL BAG               Inside Back Cover
           SITUATIONS WANTED                       Inside Back Cover

           COVER BY MORRISON

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
George M. Leader, Governor

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Thomas D. McBride, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner — Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY
William J. Banmiller, Superintendent

THE EASTERN ECHO IS A PRISONERS WELFARE FUND PUBLICATION.
IT IS PRODUCED AT NO COST TO THE STATE’S TAXPAYERS.

THE EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary
at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Its editors, or the institution itself, cannot be held responsible
for plagiarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.

Dear Reader:

This, the Winter of
1958 issue of the ECHO,
carries a theme of Mod-
ern Penology. Each
article in this issue was
proposed as a reminder
to society that Modern
Penology is the present
day, trend in prison
management.

Have we in Pennsyl-
vania advanced our
prison system? A good
beginning in finding the
answer is to carefully
read, The Right to Life,
EXCEPT, by Editor
Cuff, on P-4, Erle Stan-
ley Gardner’s The Fork
In The Road, on P-6,
gives us some of the
factors to consider.

On P-8, we offer to
the People of Pennsyl-
vania, Some Things To
Think About.

Shortly before his
death, Pope Pius XII
offered a special prayer
for prisoners all over
the world. Our Catho-
lic Chaplain, Rev. John
J. McHugh, submitted
this prayer to us for
publication. Jt appears
on P-15.

On P-18, you’ll find
an amusing Satire of a
Conviets First Day in
Free Society.

Fiction is well repre-
sented in three original
stories which we hope
you will enjoy. To
make you laugh, we
have begun a humor
page featuring the ecar-
toous and gags of our
lau chim aster, Bob
Cullen. His Pen-Grins
will be found on P-33.

With this issue we
are inaugurating
a Situations Wanted
feature, endeavoring to
help those inmates who
have been granted pa-
role, subject to a suita-
ble parole plan, but who
have been unable to ob-
tain employment. You
will find this feature on
the inside of the back
cover.

We invite your com-
ments.

COVER

T’was the night be-
fore Christmas and all
through the "Big
House" ...
