---
id: "371"
title: "The Right to Life, Except"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Right To Life
EXCEPT
by Joseph J. Cuff

“Everyone has the right to life...”

The phrase is somewhat disturbing. There’s
nothing obscure in it. But the reader can always
add... “the right to life, except where it is refused
by justice.”

In Philadelphia recently, a child was sentenced
to death.

He received the sentence without any visible
show of emotion beyond twisting his hat and shifting
his feet uneasily like a schoolboy being reprimanded
by his teacher.

He is 16 years old and sentenced to death.

There were tears in many eyes and sobs from
many bosoms, but none from the boy who was sen-
tenced to death. When it was all over he walked
calmly out of the courtroom.

It seems strange that society can find nothing
else to do with this child except to take his life.

For the state to take his life is a severe shock to
the sentiment of the country.

To object to capital punishment is not based on
mere sentimentalism. The man who violates the
rules of society in which he lives must pay the pen-
alty. Nobody wants anything but justice done to
the offender.

WHAT IS JUSTICE?

Capital punishment has more the effect of being
retaliation or vengeance than justice.

The spinning wheels of the thoughts and actions
of man travel ever so slowly in his quest for a decent
and humane society. But, man in his quest for blood
and human misery proceeds at a breakneck speed.

Society travels at a snail’s pace in endeavoring
to set up a system of “MODERN PENOLOGY.”

The pace society sets in screaming for the “death
penalty” is fantastic. They clamor for a quick elec-
trocution, a hanging, or the gas chamber. Society
wants modern penology, but at the same time shouts,
“Death, death, put him to death.”

Can you have “Modern Penology” and at the
same time embrace the “death penalty?” I say, “No,”
and anyone who believes to the contrary is a fool.

Such a thing as paying for crime, of course, the
crime being murder or arson or any such thing is
impossible. The business of making a man pay for
his misdeeds belongs to the Creator and not to some
of His subjects.

It is the duty of society merely to conserve it-
self, to keep the fabric of civilization as intact as
possible.

This may often call for the temporary removal
of an offender, but it is a question whether society
is capable of taking the position of the Supreme
Judge and asking for the eriminal’s life.

When the question of vengeance is eliminated
in the punishment of crime, all that is left is the
protection. of society. The judge is not to look for
vengeance and call that justice, but is rather to look
for those elements which may injure society and re-
move them.

THE CONDEMNED MAN

Society tells the condemned man: ‘Your crime
deserves the death penalty. We are suppressing
your right to life.” Society has good reasons: it
has every intention of defending itself against the
forces of evil—that is, crime—which might en-
danger it.

So the right to life isn’t absolute. In certain
sases, it is wiped off the list of human rights. ‘This
isn’t very simple. Tor, if I give my child the right
to use my automobile and one day he damages it, I
ean revoke that right. He who gives ean take away.
Is it society, therefore, which grants the right to
life? From whom did the condemned man receive
his life.

The condemned man is nearly always a mur-
derer. His victim too, had the right to lite The
condemned man is an individual who, one day, from
the depths of his passion, his pride or his greed—or
from the depths of his terror—deerced the annihila-
tion of another.

At the time of his deed—or, at least, at the
moment when he decided to commit it—he plunged
into an abyss where no rights and no laws ean exist.
He chose savagery of his own free will. Can he
then dare to demand the privileges of a free man?
The right to life didn’t worry him very much when
he killed. Therefore, it seemed hopeless to try to
save himself today by invoking the principles which
he sought to destroy yesterday. 

But in reality, it is in the name of these very
principles that he will be judged, for society con-
siders the old law of “an eye for an eye” as bar-
barous. Onee he has been imprisoned, the fiercest
bandit alive is no longer an outlaw. The verdict is
pronounced on a crime... but it is a man who must
serve the sentence.

REPAY SOCIETY

Our fathers did not ask themselves the same
question that we do about the death penalty. It
wasn’t that they considered human life cheap. But
the problem of life and death was clearer to
them than it is to us and, If I dare put it this way,
less serious. Society today cannot tell itself that it
kills the body of a criminal to save his soul. No one
talks about the defendant’s soul in the courtroom.
It’s true that they don’t say much about his body
either. Instead, they analyse his psychology
which is neither a concrete thing nor a tangible one.
“Send him into the next world”... “He has paid the
supreme penalty for his crime”... There was a time
when there was nothing shameful in these phrases.
They had a meaning, and they gave a meaning to
the penalty.

Yet even today after an execution some news-
papermen still describe the criminal as having “paid
his debt to society.” Do their readers feel they have
now been repaid?

Who are these people who demand a corpse?
Where are they? In the eyes and in the mind of
the condemned man, what is this constitution sud-
denly turned into an instrument of vengeance, and
what is this law which demands satisfaction?

Before a man ean declare himself for or against
the death penalty, let him first climb the barrier of
abstractions surrounding it and tear away the ¢ur-
tain of verbiage. He is not.reaching a decision
which, once taken, can be put out of mind; not dis-
cussing a theory, but death itself—the final physical
act. Let him try to understand the reasons (they
must be terribly convineine) which oblige us to kall
a man calmly and deliberately.

Is it impossible for the honest citizen, the good
husband, the kind father, the pillar of society, to put
himself for a moment into the shoes of the con-
demned man?” Is it impossible for him to visualize
himself in a death cell and to tell ‘himself: “I am
not a criminal. I was when I committed this crime
(this murder, or this rape, or this crime against the
state, or this theft, depending on where he lives and
the laws of his State) but since then, months (or
years) have passed and I have changed the way
everyone changes. I am no longer the same man.
Which man are you condemning? Besides, you do
not even seek to know me for what I am ..." Is it 
impossible for this innocent man to understand why
so many condemned criminals protest their inno-
cence? Yes, there’s no doubt—it’s impossible.

TOO MANY ABSTRACTIONS

Every man should be able to imagine himself
in the jury box or on the judge’s bench. But that
only means that he would be called upon to make
his decision on the basis of his knowledge .. . know-
ledge of law, of philosophy, of anthropology, ete.
The one thing that he will not have time to examine
is the right to live, the right of “John Doe” to his
life, a life as humble, as dangerous, as sad, as mis-
erable and as mediocre as you care to imagine it, but
the infinitely precious life of the man who does not
want to die. No, he will not be able to examine this
life... There are too many abstractions.

AGAINST OR FOR?

You’re AGAINST the death penalty? That’s
easily said, you know. Have you ever seen the vie-
tim of a murderer? Are you capable of imagining
the horrors committed by certain killers? We are
always ready to speak without knowing and without
engaging our responsibilities. How many oppon-
ents of the death penalty changed their minds the
day they suddenly became “interested parties” and
had to offer a personal opinion?

Are you for the death penalty? Are you ready
to replace the executioner—replace him officially
with all the dignity of his profession? When aman
has good and honorable reasons to demand the life
of another man of whom he knows nothing, he cer-
tainly should find the courage to go out and take
that life himself. Why should such a just and salu-
tary task be left to obscure mercenaries?

Today, everyone speaks of Modern Penology,
but few care to do anything about it. Unless we
erase from our law books, the death penalty, we can-
not have Modern Penology.

If the right to life is not an absolute right, then
what right can we count on?

What is it to be, Modern Penology, or the death
penalty? One returns us to the middle ages.. The
other, to a greater, brighter tomorrow, a tomorrow
where every man will have, “THE RIGHT TO
LIVE.” — THE END
