---
id: "372"
title: "The Fork in the Road"
author: "GARDENER, Erle Stanley (writer for the Argosy)"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
As it appeared in the September, 1958 issue of Argosy

THE FORK IN THE ROAD
by ERLE STANLEY GARDNER

For some time, I had been hearing about Judge
James M. Carter, the United States District Court
judge in the San Diego district.

People who are in a position to know had told
me that he had some rather unusual ideas in the field
of criminal law, that he was putting them into prac-
tice, and that I should go down and take a look.

So Sam Hicks and I went down and took a look,
and I’m certainly glad we did.

As a rule, there is a great gap between the think-
ing of the judges who pronounce sentences, on the
one hand, and that of the penologists who must ad-
minister these sentences, on the other.

Time after time, I’ve asked prison wardens,
“How many of the judges who pass sentences on
these prisoners have ever visited your prison to see
what conditions are like or what a prison sentence
means?”

In virtually every instance, I have had the same
reply. “Not one.”

There is a certain peculiarity in the thinking of
legislators and judges. They are prone to think in
terms of five-year multiples.

Many judges passing sentence will say five
years, ten years or twenty-five years. That’s the
way many of the laws are written.

Penologists, on the other hand, tell me that
virtually every prisoner, except the most hardened
inmate, goes through a critical time when punish-
ment has done its work, when the man has come to
recognize the error of his ways, when he’s filled with
remorse and a genuine desire to get out and make
something of himself. It is during this period that
the prisoner should be released.

If a man is released too soon, before remorse has
had an opportunity to do its work, before confine-
ment has had an opportunity to exert a sobering in-
fluence, he’s going to go right back and get into
trouble. If, on the other hand, a man is kept too
long, the period of remorse gives way to a feeling of
bitterness, a hostility toward society. When a pris-
oner is released during that period of bitterness, he’s
pretty apt to go right out and start committing more
crimes. He has become an enemy of society.

These stages vary with the different individual.
Penologists would like very much to see some careful
appraisal of the individual made before sentence is
passed, and penologists would like to have a very
considerable latitude in the time of sentence, so that
men can be released during this critical period when
punishment has done all the good it can do and be-
fore the period of bitterness sets in.

Then, of course, we must remember that one of
the main purposes of punishment is to act as a crime
deterrent, to discourage potential criminals who
might otherwise violate our laws.

There’s a delicate balance here: How much
punishment is enough to act as a deterrent upon
others; how much is needed to cure the individual
of yielding to lawless impulses.

If we make our punishments too little, they are
valueless. If we make them too great, we hamper
rehabilitation.

These are things society must constantly keep in
mind—for its own good.

People who have violated laws are still people,
human beings who react to their experiences.

Too many judges don’t pay enough attention to
the individual prisoner, but only to the statute.
They think, as I have pointed out above, in multiples
of five years. If the prisoner isn’t given five, he’ll
get ten; if not ten, probably fifteen or twenty.

It is almost impossible for a man who enjoys
freedom, with all of its numerous prerogatives, to
realize what it means to be deprived of that freedom.
Perhaps the closest analogy we can get is in the case
of a man who has had to go to a hospital and has
been confined in a room for two or three weeks. He
has only to press a button and a good-looking nurse
comes to find out what he wants. He is given the
best of meals, the best of care. Everything is done
to make him comfortable. Yet, at the end of the
second week, that man would tear the place apart
if his doctor changed the release date and imposed
another two weeks of confinement.

A man in prison has none of the advantages one
enjoys in a hospital. He lives a dull, routine, tread-
mill existence. In many cases, the food is neither
particularly good nor particularly tasty. Starches
takes the place of proteins and there is a drab, mo-
notonous sameness about the meals. In place of a
cheerful outside room, a man lives in a cage—a
rather narrow, cramped cage, as far as human needs
are concerned.

Punishment is the best crime deterrent we have
been able to find, so far, and it’s going to be a long
time before any acceptable substitute is found.
However, when we start thinking about curing crime
in terms of punishment we get into problems that
aren’t solved too easily.

So I was very much interested in seeing what
happened in Judge Carter’s court.

We watched fifteen cases, fifteen separate de-
fendants brought up for sentencing.

When Judge Carter pronounced sentence in
each of these cases, it was done with all the dignity
of a justice of a court. Yet somehow, in every
sentence that he passed, the judge managed to ex-
plain the reason why socicty must resort to punish-
merits

Sitting up there in his robes of office, he repre-
sented the majesty of the law, but he also repre-
sented real justice, justice tempered with a very
human consideration. It was apparent that he had
given considerable thought to each case that came
before him, and there was none of the holier-than-
thou attitude nor the bitter, vindictive attitude
which so many prisoners resent.

However, the thing I want to tell you readers
about is what happened after the sentencing.

Judge Carter had the defendants all brought
into his chambers after court had adjourned. There,
the judge divested himself not only of his robes of
office, but of his coat, as well. He sat there in his
shirtsleeves and he talked to these men as individuals
and he talked man to man.

He said to one individual, “I hesitated a long
while before giving you probation. I don’t know
whether you can make good or not, but ’m going to
give you a chance. Now here, apparently, is your
trouble. Here’s what you’ve got to guard against.
Your record shows that you can get along all right
for a while, then you get out with some friends and
have a few drinks, then the first thing you know,
you've gone haywire. You want to get in a ear and
go for a joy ride. There’s nothing particularly
vicious about what you do, but this is the second
time you’ve broken the law.

“You got along all right while you were mar-
ried; then you and your wife were divorced and you
started having trouble. I want you to know that
I've taken an interest in your gase, and your pro-
bation officer is going to take an interest in it.

“Now, don’t make any mistake about these pro-
bation officers. They’re not cops, they’re not judges,
they're not jailers. They are people society has
trained for the purpose of giving you help. Re-
member that, and see if you can’t co-operate with
them and get back in the groove.”

Then the judge turned to another individual
whom he had ordered sent to prison. He looked
him straight in the eye and said, “Now I couldn’t
give you probation. I had to send you to prison.
The reason I’m sending you to prison is because I
think it may do you some good. It can do you a lot
of good if you want it to.

“You're going to a federal prison. That’s not
like a county jail and it isn’t like a state’s prison.
You're going to find some opportunities there for
advancement, if you want to take advantage of those
opportunities.

“If I had given you probation, it wouldn’t have
done you a bit of good. You can’t make it by your-
self. Yowre going to need help. You're going to
have to have some body help you with your discip-
line until you’ve learned how to discipline yourself.”

And so, on down the line, the judge talked to
each person frankly, as an individual, as a fellow
human being. And then he said to them, “Now,
look, I want you people to keep in touch with me.
All of you. You fellows who have been sentenced
to prison, [ want to know how you're getting along.
Write to me, keep in touch with me. I have volumes
of correspondence with people who have been in my
court. A lot of them are making good; some of
them I’ve been able to help.

“And you people who are on probation, if you
run into any problems that you can’t solve with your
probation officer, if you get into any situation where
you feel it will do you any good to talk with me, I
want you to come in here and talk with me. I'll
find the time, either after court or before court, and
we'll sit down and talk it over.

“That’s all, boys, and good luck to you.”

I watched those men as they filed out of the
judge’s chambers. I heard one of them say, “That’s
the first time the law ever gave me a break.” One
of the men had tears in his eyes.

Those men had come to a fork in the road, and a
wise, a humane judge had helped them get their
feet on the right fork.

More judges with this outlook, this genuine
interest in the people who pass through their courts,
would do an enormous job in cutting down crime.
People who go to prison woudn’t start serving their
sentences with the bitter hatred of society which is
almost inevitable when the sentencing judge has the
attitude of vindictive self-righteousness, when his
manner says as plainly as words, “All right, my man,
you’ve transgressed against society; now society is
going to get even.”

We have a lot to learn about punishment and
about how to solve the whole crime problem. We
had better start out with the idea that we’re all
human beings.

How a prisoner feels toward society 1s going to
depend a whole lot on how society feels toward the
prisoner. If society has been vindictive toward the
man after he has been apprehended, sentenced and
imprisoned, that man is pretty apt to feel vindictive
toward society after he gets out.

If the prisoner is made to feel that society re-
gards him as a human being with problems and
would like to help him solve these problems, the
prisoner may start trying to solve them.

I remember one federal judge told me he’d be
afraid to enter a prison. ‘Too many of the men I
have sent up would be laying for me,” he said.

Judge Carter has a different idea. He does go
into the prisons frequently. “A lot of my boys are
in there,” he said, “and I want to see how they’re
getting along.”

There’s a lot of food for thought in that state-
ment.

It’s high time we gave more thought to punish-
ment. If punishment cured crime, if every man who
was sent to prison as punishment were cured of his
criminal tendencies by confinement, we could close
up the majority of our prisons.

Most of the men who go to prison are the ones
who have previously been sent to prison. Some
people say, “All right, They didn’t stay long
enough to learn their lessons. Make the sentences
more severe. That’ll teach them.

This is the legislative philosophy we’ve been
following for the past fifty years. Does it work?

The answer is stark, statistical and frightening.
It doesn’t work. Our crime rate keeps rising.

Judge Carter is doing a great work and, in my
opinion, is pointing out a new approach to an age-
old problem.

When society has an erring human being in its
power, when it has to punish that human being for a
transgression, society should remember that the man
is still a human being. Society should be interested
in seeing that this man, who has taken the wrong
fork in the road, has his feet put back on the right
path.— THE END
