---
id: "373"
title: "Some Things to Think About"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
TO THE PEOPLE OF PENNSYLVANIA:

SOME THINGS TO THINK ABOUT

PREJUDICED JURIES

Sharp criticism from three U.S. Circuit Court
judges points up a practice in Pennsylvania State
Criminal court trials of turning over to juries pre-
vious criminal records of defendants in murder cases,
before the juries reach their verdict of guilt or inno-
cence. The practice is highly questionable.

It came before the Cireuit Court bench on the
appeal of man convicted of first degree murder in
a saloon shooting in 1949, and condemned to death.

Judge Albert B. Maris and Judge Herbert F’.
Goodrich, in a majority opinion, for other reasons,
refused to set aside or intervene in the conviction.
Judge William H. Hastie, in a separate opinion,
spoke forcefully against the Pennsylvania Court’s
method of informing juries of criminal records of a
man on trial, remarking that if he were Governor
of this State he would commute the condemned
man’s sentence to life imprisonment.

Judges Maris and Goodrich likewise attacked
the system, suggesting “it would be very much bet-
ter... to permit the jury to consider first the guilt
of the accused; then, after rendering a verdict of
guilt, to receive evidence and consider a second ver-
dict on the question of penalty.”

In view of the strong possibilities of prejudicing
a jury in a capital case the logic of these suggestions
seems unaswerable and the practice clearly ought
to be reformed, either by the Courts or, if necessary,
the Legislature.

DISPARITY OF SENTENCES

A university law professor has called for estab-
lishment of legal procedures to review criminal sen-
tences.

“The United States is the only country in the
world with a highly-developed legal system that
leaves sentencing entirely in the hands of one
judge,” Professor B. James George Jr., said.

Judge F. Ryan Duffy of the U. 8. Court of Ap-
peals has called the disparity of sentences handed
out by courts “shocking.”

Duffy cited the case of an inmate who is serving
one year for theft while another in the same prison
is serving seven for the same offense.

ANSWER TO PAROLE VIOLATIONS
Just give the prisoner that is released on pa-
role half a chance out there and let him live like
other people. Why send him back to prison for
petty offenses that would not even warrant a jail
sentence, much less prison, for an honest citizen?
Cut the long maximum sentences so that they will
not live in perpetual fear of being returned to pris:
on for 10 or 15 years. Let the minimum sentence
become the maximum sentence on parole. Finally,
cut out the practice of imposing endless sentences
in the first place. If these suggestions are followed,
repeated violations will become a thing of the past
and everybody concerned will benefit in the long run.

GOOD TIME FOR PRISONERS

Jackson, Michigan.—Senator Haskell L. Nichols
(Rt) said last week he believed prison inmates should
be awarded good time allowances, resulting in ear-
her paroles, for donating blood to the Red Cross, or
for taking part in any medical or scientific research.

“Prison Inmates have been very helpful on
blood programs and it seems to me that they should
be rewarded with special good time allowance for
their efforts,” Senator Nichols said.

“The objective of such a bill would be to recog-
nize a very good public service, even though the men
are in there for punishment.”

UNINFORMED PUBLIC

From time to time there is criticism from unin-
formed sources that our prisons are not harsh enough
—that our prisoners are coddled—that there is not
enough toughness shown toward our prisoners, many
of you wholeheartedly, agree with this criticism.
Loss of freedom and confinement is in itself a tough
enough punishment.

Philadelphia Inquirer, August 29, 1958—Firmer
treatment of inmates in the city’s prisons and an
elimination of “coddling” was recommended by the
Philadelphia August Grand Jury.

The Grand Jury also stated, “Money spent on
neuropsychiatric treatment for aged patients and
for ‘hardened criminals’ and ‘hardened teen-agers’
is wasted.”

The jury, in a presentation handed up the above
to Judge Byron A. Milnor. The jury in its 19 days
of work considered 1233 bills of indictment.

What is a “hardened adult criminal?”

What is a “hardened teen-age criminal?”

Is money wasted, when it is spent in treatment
of aged patients?

Is money wasted, when it is used to rehabilitate
a man, to make him a better man, to return him to

his family and community; to be accepted once again
by society?

HARDENED CRIMINALS?? ARE THEY?

GEORGETOWN, KY.—La Grange inmates give
$102 for tot’s heart surgery.

“It’s the greatest thing I ever heard of. It
proves there is good in everyone.”

So said Mrs. James Covington. Mrs. Covington
is the mother of a 22-month old boy. Her son has a
hole in his heart, and only an operation can save the
child.

ANN ARBOR, MICH.—Seven Southern Mich-
igan inmates answer appeal for help.

A baby girl in Ann Arbor, Michigan, may sur-
vive a serious heart operation she underwent this
week in the University of Michigan Hospital, thanks
to seven inmates of SMP.

The surgery had to be performed immediately
and a rare blood type was required—B negative.

The seven convicts, in their prison garb and
wearing handcuffs were taken to Ann Arbor and
rushed to the hospital.

MORE HARDENED CRIMINALS

Atlanta Inmates Donate Skin In Answer To
Mercy Plea Of Baby Girl.

Riker’s Island Convicts Risk Lives In Flaming
Wreckage Of Airliner—Save 85.

Prison Blood Donors Give 69,253 Pints.

Ohio Pen Cancer Test Bared.

San Quentin Convicts Adopt Child.

Missouri Prisoners Save Farms From Floods.

Thirty Inmates Of Oklahoma State Prison
Pledge Eyes To Eye Bank Set Up In Oklahoma City.

Southern Michigan State Pen March Of Dimes
Spirals Over Goal. Donations Total $2,830.55.

LET'S CHANGE OUR OPINION! NOW!

We so often read and hear about the calloused,
hardened criminal. Can that prejudiced point of
view be reconciled with the clamor these inmates
are making in their efforts to help others.

No remuneration other than personal satisfac-
tion was given these-prisoners for these donations
to humanity. Let us hope that when our books are
finally closed by the Greatest Accountant of all that
Justice will be better meted out than it has been by
the many little bookkeepers here below.

DOLLARS FOR SECURER SECURITY

It causes one’s faith in human nature to waver,
and the inmate’s concept of “modern penology” to
fly out the window whenever one passes a new build-
ing now under construction here at ESP.

The Hastern State Penitentiary is classified as a
maximum security prison. However, there is now
under construction a new security building within
these walls, a maximum, maximum-security block.

As one enters, he is struck by the tightness of
the place and the over-abundanee of solid steel bars
and steel plate. All doors are electrically controlled
and operated from a master panel. There is a corri-
dor running the length of the building and bisecting
it, is a floor-to-ceiling partition of bars, so that even
when the inmate is out of his cell, he is still separated
from the patrolling guard by this steel bar barrier.
Hach cell is 8 feet long and 6 feet wide. Anchored
to the wall is an iron slatted bed (¢mmovable). The
occupant of this cage has approximately 6 feet of
walking space—two paces forward and 2 paces aft—
There is no hght within the cell proper, in the ceiling,
outside the cell, will be a small watt electric bulb,
this light will remain on 24 hours a day. Arrange-
ment of the cell bars will make reading very difficult,
as there is only a three-inch space between bars.
Food will be served through a slot in the bottom of
the door, this slot can only be operated from the out-
side.

There is the picture of a new maximum-security ©
building inside a maximum-security prison.

NEW CONCEPTS IN PRISON REFORM

IN CONNECTICUT: Plans to construct a new cam-
pus style prison at Enfield, Conn. have passed the
state’s legislative body. The new institution is ex-
pected to be completed by early 1960.

Facilities at the prison will include all the latest
developments in modern prison administration.

There will be no cells or bars and all guards
will have the title of “custodian.”

Policy at the new prison will stress education
and rehabilitation.

IN MEXICO: How backward is Mexico? A new
prison in Mexico is now under construction, a prison
without bars or locks, called by its architect “A
Factory of New Men.” Inmates will live in dormi-
tories, and learn trades in modern work shops.

Mexican penologists have proven “prisoners
don’t have to be penned up in cells.”

THE PRISONERS’ BOOK

Most maximum security prisons are built around
a frame of severe rules. The “book” tells the pris-
oner when he is to wash his face or comb his hair.
They very nearly tell him when he can breathe.
Most of these prisons operate on the premise that if
a prisoner’s will and spirit can be broken, he will
obey prison regulations to a “T”. True, he will obey
prison regulations and may even become a model
prisoner. But when he is released, the tree that has
been bending with the wind will snap upright and
smack Mister Public right square in the face.

Maximum security institutions build only two
things in the prisoner; a terrible hatred of author-
ity—any kind of authority—and a penchant for con-
Spiracy and secrecy. As long as such prisons are
built in this country, there will be bitter and defiant
men released from them. Pennsylvania needs a new
prison, but an entirely new one. Not a rebuilt hulk
of a failure.— THE END
