---
id: "374"
title: "Profile…"
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A complex personality . . . composed of many
emotions . . . yet, never losing the driving spirit
that is such a necessary part of man.

PROFILE ...
by HENRY MYERS 

This is the portrait of a friend. My friend, and
the friend of all who come under the eare of his
strong but gentle hands. The blustery ‘“Nightin-
gale” with “Bull” voice and tender heart, Earl Bro-
gan.

Like all mankind, Earl is composed of many
emotions. He is a complex personality. However,
in the diversion from one Earl Brogan to another,
he never loses that driving spirit that is such a nec-
essary part of man. When the touch of an autumn
breeze brings zest to all football enthusiasts, Earl
may be seen, savagely smashing out of the fullback
slot, scattering opposing linemen as he exerts every
muscle in his solid frame to defeat the enemy. This
spirited competitive drive played in a more deadly
game during the war. Karl, who brings shudders
to opposing linemen, was a member of the toughest
team in the world. As a paratrooper, it is easy to
imagine Earl tumbling from a troop-carrier with
an ear-Shattering scream of “Geronimo!”

This is the Earl Brogan on the battlefield and
playing field. The indomitable catcher behind the
plate; the powerhouse fullback; the deadly fighter
for freedom. 

It doesn’t seem possible that within the depths
of the Karl Brogan above, lies the softer, shaded
picture with a background painted in the soothing
tones of mercy. And yet, as a veritable angel of
mercy, Earl cajoles, soothes, gentles, and adminis-
ters to the pain-wracked bodies that lie in our Hos-
pital Ward. His tireless lending of strength, as men
lie in the dark hours staving off the grim spectre
of death, has helped many a man to open his eyes
on the glory of a new day on Earth. To Earl, it is
not his duty to serve others. It is his desire and
empathy toward all mankind.

His understanding of the perversity men show
while suffering, can best be illustrated by a recent
incident that was observed and reported to the
writer. Men watched in fascination as he took a
a totally helpless patient in his massive arms, spun
him about lke a doll while he sponged, washed,
shaved and powdered the helpless individual so that
he would be at his very best for an impending visit.
After the ministrations, the helpless one peevishly
complained of the inexactness of his near-perfect
parted hair. Chuckling with his ever-good humor,
Karl “mussed” the man’s hair, and carefully parted
it to his liking. Easing the patient back upon his
pillows, he held a mirror for the patient’s final in-
spection. Joking and cajoling, Karl tried to bring
a glimpse of a smile into the pain glazed features.
A smile, a full smile, looked back at the patient from
the tiny mirror. Earl’s broad grin indicated that
the operation was a success. In my book, this is a
“helluva” lot of man.

Like all men, Earl has a Philosophy. I think
it one that deserves your attention. It is simple.
And yet, it is deep and warm. It is the type of
philosophy that enhances your belief that God has
intended some men to be where they are, NOT in
punishment for their supposed misdeeds, but that
they may be the comforters of others. I want you
people in free society to listen to the words of a man
who was considered unworthy to consort with the
outside world.

“A man in prison,” he states, “has a terrific emo-
tional load to manage. This truism is self evident.
Then, how much greater is the load a sick or pain
wracked prisoner must bear!”

“Prison is an awful experience. It warps and
hardens too many of us. In our way of life, one
of the most important aspects of living is missing.
I mean, of course, love. Love has lost its meaning
behind these walls. And yet, we the lonely; the
wretched, unloved; the forgotten and forsaken;
need love if we are to migrate down the glorious
pathway to freedom. Our Hospital is capable, med-
ically and surgically, to handle any type of emer-
gency. That being true, I’ll take over after the
Doctor’s services are rendered and supply the love
and care that is needed.”

“When I walk through the Ward and see these
men, really fine men, who have made a mistake in
life, or were foolish, lying there paying back in the
coinage of suffering far more than their sentence
indicated or their crime warranted, love is easy to
dispense. As I sit and talk with these men, I feel
like the receiver rather than the bestower. There-
fore, any service, great or small, within my capabili-
ties that I can offer, becomes pure pleasure.”

“In the final analysis, it boils down to one perti-
nent fact. In presenting this fact, I shall refer to
the philosophy of former Atomic Energy Commis-
sion Chairman Gordon Dean. After his death last
summer in a plane crash, they found among his
effects scrawled on the back of an envelope, “LES-
SONS LEARNED”. I have adopted them as my
own. Among these lessons were the following:

1. If you can’t be generous when it’s hard to
be, you won't be when it is easy.

2. The greatest builder of confidence is the
ability to do something—almost anything
—well.

3. When that confidence comes, then strive
for humility; you aren’t as good as all that.”

“When I give love and care to the needy pa-
tients. I am loved in return. Who knows how the
ball will bounce? I am big and strong, true. Health,
thank God, has always been mine. But, the day
may come when I’ll be on one of those beds needing
someone to eare a little bit about me. When that
day comes, I have every confidence that I shall re-
ceive every bit as much as I gave.”

“All of my fellow-workers seem to abide by
this code. I am only one of the group. They are
a great bunch, and they “knock themselves out”
for a poor sick “Joe” whenever they are needed.”

I coneur fully with Earl. His fellow Nurses
and Trainees may consider this article to apply to
each and every one of them.

As for Love, Earl is a bachelor. However, I
understand he has some pretty extensive plans to
leave the ranks of bachelorhood when he returns to
free society. His love includes both of his parents,
who are dependent on the meager money he can
send home from his earnings. Occasionally, Earl
has the chance to bolster these earnings as a Nurse,
by becoming a guinea pig for laboratory experi-
ments, given at intervals by a prominent drug firm.

Sooner or later, Karl will vacate these premises
and become a member of the free world. I believe
the world to be fortunate in gaining a humanitarian.
If there is a balance sheet on Deeds and Misdeeds,
Earl’s account will be in the “Blue”.

We, who are left behind, shall be the losers.
And yet, we have gained much from his association.
We stand to gain more by following the pattern and
examples of this overgrown “Nightingale.” Earl
Brogan is living proof that the term “Ex-convict”,
(as applied by the misguided press), is a misnomer.

Good luck, Earl! If we, the men you have
helped over the years, could supply the granting of
your wishes, you would eat dinner with your loved
ones this very night.— THE END
