---
id: "376"
title: "The Night Before"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE NIGHT BEFORE
by JOSEPH J. CUFF

“Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, my brother
was snoring and I seen a mouse.”

“Oh, no, no, Daddy, that isn’t right,” cried Daughtie with glee, as she
lifted her little blond head from the pillow of my chest.

I glanced across the living room to my wife, seated beside the fully dee-
orated, glittering Christmas tree. She smiled and her eyes told me, that I
was her man, that she loved me more than anything in all this whole, wide
world.

“Joe, Darling,” she said to me with her big brown eyes. “Tell Daughtie
a true Christmas story.”

A true story? Certainly...

It had to happen this way, there was no other way. For you see, it did
happen the night before Christmas. . .

My name, well, it’s just a run-of-the-mill name, it’s not world famous, nor
even locally famous. The Social Security Board lists me as Joe Fleissner. I’m
one of the average big town joes.

Nothing out of the ordinary ever happened to me, that is, excepting this
one Christmas Eve. 

Huge snow flakes were falling, light and soft, floating gently down, and
adding a rare beauty and splendor to the colorfully decorated city—a pure,
white splendor that never fails to inject the spirit of Christmas into the hearts
of all men. The rich and poor alike, gazed from their windows and contem-
plated the Christmas snow as it fell from a cold, dark sky to shroud everything
with purity.

Even my cold, bitter heart was warmed momentarily at the sight of na-
ture’s supreme decoration and the multitude of “good cheer” faces that passed
me as I walked the gaily illuminated streets. As I maneuvered along the
crowded side walks, I ruminated over my past life, and tried to remember a
time when I had not been so lonely. For a moment, my childhood flashed be-
fore me, I shuddered and closed my mind to it.

I strolled along thinking and feeling a bit sorry for myself too.

Coming abreast of North Philadelphia Train Station, the activities of the
holiday crowds amused me. I had developed a liking for train stations. It
pleased me just to sit on one of the long, hard benches and serutinize the crowd.

Slowly, a long, black diesel engine pushed its blunted nose by a loading
aisle, stopped. A seemingly scrambled voice began to eall out its presence
and destination. People began to stir, to pick up their small bags and odd
belongings. I watched and smiled. “The rat race goes on and on,” I thought,
“Where are they going and for what? I guess it does not make any difference,
so long as they are happy.”

I watched an overloaded train pull out of the station, and felt a bit sorry
for the passengers. I lit a cigarette and gazed about the station. There was
a tiny attraction in the station, that everyone who saw had taken a casual in-
terest in; and no doubt, many wondered why such a treasure was without a
protector. I had noticed the small, dainty form as it sat alone on the bench
across from me, I surmised that the mother of the little angel was somewhere
near. After many minutes, the little girl grew restless and began to run about
the benches. Finally, she stopped directly in front of me and smiled.

“Have you seen my Mommie?” She asked.

I swallowed the great lump that came to my
throat as the little girl spoke.

“No,” I replied. “Where did she go?”

“I don’t know,” she said sadly, ‘““She’s been gone
a long, long time.”

This statement caused me to give the matter my
full attention, and when the little girl crawled upon
the bench to sit close beside me, I was profoundly
touched—not knowing that the strange feeling that
passed over me was paternal and protective. My
cold heart grew soft and warm as the little girl
slipped a tiny thumb into her mouth and gazed up
at me with blue, sparkling eyes.

For the first time in my life, I experienced a
deep human emotion. I slipped a heavy arm about
the little form beside me.

"Don’t worry precious,” I whispered, “Your
Mommie will return soon.”

An hour passed and the little girl slept. I had
taken her on my lap when she fell asleep. Drinking
in the beauty of the little head pressed to my chest,
I felt a light tap on my shoulder. Looking up, a
uniformed policeman stood before me.

“You've been here a long time, buddy,” the of-
ficer said, “Waiting for someone?”

“Yes, Officer, the little girl’s mother.”

“You her father?”

I nodded. It suddenly occurred to me that the
proper thing to do would be to tell the officer that
the little girl had obviously been abandoned, but my
attachment would not let me do so. At that mo-
ment, I felt of some importance, this magnified my
responsibility. I tightened my arms about the sleep-
ing infant.

“It does not look like her mother is going to
come after all,” I said to the policeman.

“Better take her home and put her to bed,” the
officer advised.

The little girl awakened as I rose to leave. “Is
my Mommie back yet?” she asked with infantile
concern showing in her doll-like face.

“No, Honey, we will look around the station
for her. You watch good and maybe we will see
her.”

I searched the terminal without success, and
asked all the employees about the missing mother,
but no one could remember anything about her, or
give me even a vague clue as to her whereabouts.
I had obtained some information from the girl. Her
mother, she told me, was pretty. I found a key in
the little girl’s coat pocket while she had slept, and
this discovery left no doubt that the little girl had,
indeed been deserted. I took the small traveling case
from the locker, picked up the infant and walked
out of the station.

“She will not spend Christmas at a police sta-
tion if I have anything to do with it. Perhaps I can
locate her mother before morning.”

I took the little doll to my bachelor apartment,
and after filling her with milk, tucked her in the
big bed. I sat in the living room and went through
the small traveling bag. The first thing I discovered
when I opened the bag was a large photograph.
Holding it before me for a moment, I decided that
it was a picture of the infant’s mother, and that she
was indeed pretty, just as her daughter had claimed.
I turned the picture over, a habit that nearly every-
one has after looking at a photograph for the first
time, and read the note written in a small, neat hand-
writing:

Dear Friend: I am leaving my daughter
in the station. I know that some kind
person will find her. And I know that she
will be loved and cared for. She is an
affectionate and intelligent child. Her
father was killed in an automobile acci-
dent the day she was born. Give her a
Merry Christmas. God bless you, dear
friend.

I read the brief note twice, looked at my watch
and decided to do some “last minute” Christmas
shopping.

The stores stay open on Christmas Eve. Late
Christmas shoppers still crowded the streets, and
since I was not accustomed to the seemingly mad
activity, I became vexed, when a saleslady, who had
intentionally prolonged my stay at her counter, aft-
er she had noted my anxiety, passed me by to wait
on others who had ganged up at the doll department.
Finally, after a most charming smile, she took my
ten-dollar bill and the huge doll I extended across
the counter. She gave her full attention and hand-
ed me the change. When I left the store, my arms
were loaded with all the playthings any girl-child,
four years of age, could ever dream of. I raced back
to the apartment, and stacked the packages on the
chesterfield and looked around the room.

“Damm, I’ve forgotten the tree.” I dashed out
and raced down the street. Luck was with me. I
purchased a sizable evergreen tree. When I arrived 
back at the apartment I also had all the trimmings
with which to decorate the tree.

I checked on my new found treasure, she was
in the exact position in which I had left her, a smile
curled around her little mouth, deep within the soft-
ness of my bed.

I decorated the tree and around the bottom, I
laid out the gift wrapped presents and affixed a card
to each, “From Mommie to Baby.” I stood back and
admired my handiwork. A smile of pleasure creased
my hard face.

This was the first Christmas Eve in many years
that I had not consumed a couple bottles of whiskey.
I dared not think about it, nor was I aware of the
complete sobriety that engulfed me.

A persistent urging would not let me keep full
contentment for more than a few minutes. I paused
for a moment to rest and think. Suddenly, I jumped
up, grabbed my hat, coat and the photograph,
dashed out of the apartment and down the street.
Running as fast as I could, the seven blocks to the
drug store that had handled the photograph. The
store was still open. The proprietor, after looking
at the photograph, opened a small card file and
found the name and address.

“I remember the lady very well,” he said.
“That’s her little girl in the picture with her.”

I left and hurried the distance to the downtown
district, found a vacant cab. The address was quite
a distance from town and heavy traffic delayed the
driver. We arrived at the address. There were sev:
eral lights showing through old and worn window
shades. Not knowing what room to look for, I ob-
tained the information from one of the roomers aft-
er showing the picture of the girl and her mother.
I walked hurriedly up to the top floor and knocked
on a brown, stained door. I waited a few minutes
and knocked again—no answer. I turned to walk
down the stairs, and as I did so, caught a faint odor
of gas. Being a quick thinker and guessing what
was taking place, I broke the door in, there sitting
at a rickety table, her blond head on her arms, tres-
ses spilling out over the table top, was the girl’s
mother. She was unconscious. I wasted no time
calling an ambulance and rushing with her to the
hospital.

Sitting on a bench in the hospital corridor I
became, for the first time in my life, cognizant of the
profound concern that people have for others in time
of disaster. Heretofore, I had, more or less, indoc-
trinated myself with the idea of “dog eat dog,” so to
speak. Close observation of the activities in the
hospital made me realize how cynical I had been
most of my life. I thought of the precious little
form sleeping soundly in the large bed. Again a
feeling of possessiveness passed over me, and I felt
a tug at my heart when I remembered how the child
had insisted upon a goodnight kiss after I had tucked
her in bed.

“Where the devil have I been all my life.” I said
to myself.

Finally, I was approached by a tired nurse. She
informed me that my wife was out of danger, and
that she would be hospitalized and kept under ob-
servation for a while. The receiving nurse had
taken my name and address, and I had nodded af-
firmatively when asked,

“Wife?”

As I left the Hospital, I smiled, thinking how
quickly I had obtained a wife and child; and the
wife had not so much as seen me yet. I hurried
back to my apartment, which I now thought of as
home, and found the little girl sleeping soundly with
a tiny thumb in her little, red mouth.....

“Wake up, Joe, wake up,” a hand was shaking
my shoulder, gently, then firmly “Is time for
breakfast.” Opening my eyes, I gazed up at the
ceiling, then I knew, the reality that I had just lived,
was nothing but a dream, for my eyes took in the
curved ceiling of my cell, and the narrow window
openings that let the first rays of dawn come
through. The iron bar door was free of its lock,
the prison was awake. The dreams of all sank back
into oblivion from which they came.

All was not lost, for this was the day of my
release. It was December 24th. and in a few hours
I would walk through the massive iron gates a free
man.

Today I would be waiting on a hard bench in
North Broad Street Station. . .— THE END
