---
id: "377"
title: "The Holy Father's Prayer for Prisoners"
author: "McHugh, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
With the death of Pope Pius XII, prisoners throughout the world lost a friend who was interested in their spiritual
and temporal welfare. On December 2, 1954, Pope Pius XII published a discourse, “Crime and Punishment,” in which he
set forth the principles of justice. Pius XI] also composed the following prayer especially for prisoners.

Reverend John J. McHugh
The Catholic Chaplain

O, Divine Prisoner of the sanctuary,
who, for the love of us and for our
salvation, not only enclosed Yourself
within the restricted limits of human
nature and then hid Yourself under
the veils of the sacramental species,
but also continually lives in the cell
of the tabernacle, hear our prayer
which rises to You from within these
walls and which longs to express to
You all our affection, but also our
sorrow in the intense need we have of
You in our tribulations and primarily
in the privation of freedom which dis-
tresses us so much. Probably for some
of us there is a voice in the depths of conscience which says we are not guilty, and that only a fatal judicial error
has led us to this prison. Then we will derive our comfort by remembering that You also, the most august of all
victims though the most innocent, were condemned. Or, perhaps, instead, we should lower our eyes to conceal our
blush of shame, and beat our breast. But even thus we also have the remedy of throwing ourselves into Your arms
certain that You understand all errors, forgive all sins and generously restore Your grace to him who returns re-

The Holy Father's Prayer For Prisoners

pentantly to You. And finally, there are many in life who succumb to sin again, so that even the best among men
mistrust us, and we ourselves hardly know where to begin the road of regeneraton. But despite all this, in the most
hidden corner of our soul, a word of trust and comfort whispers Your word which promises us the help of Your
light and of Your grace if we want to return to what is good. May we, O Lord never forget how the day of trial
is a most propitious occasion for purifying spirits, practicing the highest virtues and acquiring the greatest merits.
Spare our afflicted hearts from being 
penetrated by that disgust which dries
up everything, by distrust which leaves
no room for brotherly sentiments and
which prepared the road for bad coun-
sel. And may we always bear in mind
that by depriving us the freedom of
our bodies, no one has been able to
deprive us the freedom of the soul,
which during the long hours of our
solitude can rise to You to know You
better and love You more each day.
Grant, O Divine Saviour, help and res-
ignation to our dear ones who mourn
our absence. Grant peace and quiet
to this world which has rejected us
but which we love and to which we
promise our cooperation as good citi-
zens for the future. Grant that our
sorrows may be a salutary example
to many souls and that they may thus
be protected against the dangers of fol-
lowing our path. But above all, grant
us the grace of believing firmly in
You, of filially hoping in You and of
loving You, who, with the Father and
the Holy Spirit, live and reign forever
and ever. Amen.
