---
id: "378"
title: "The Fury Within"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by JAMES “Mike” SMITH
The Fury Within

Cal Evers elbowed his way through the throng, si-
lently cursing the last minute shoppers crowd-
ing the pavement. About him, swirling snowflakes
fell from the rapidly darkening sky, pirouetted brief-
ly in the multi-colored rays of the neon lights, then
quickly found a watery death underfoot. The shop-
pers were merry, in proper tune with the season.
Gay voices shouted greetings to passersby, tinkling
bells and chorusing voices caroled songs of cheer and
good-will to all. Festooned banners with myriad
bulbs of blazing color cast a shifting pattern of rain-
bow hues upon the faces of the crowd. Traffic was
slowed by the heavy veil of falling whiteness, per-
mitting the pedestrains to jaywalk freely between
the ereeping bumpers of the vehicles.

Unseeing, uncaring, Cal pressed on, wrapped in
an aura of gloom which enveloped him in a vacuum
of loneliness this Christmas Eve. Cal Evers was un-
affected by the lilting spirits of the surrounding
people. He had been unreceptive to the emotions of
others for some time. Six years behind bars had
drained him of any empathy with the citizens of free
society. Particularly on this day, the afternoon of
which, he had been fired because, as it had been po-
litely put: “Although we appreciate your work, we
have a policy which forces us to terminate your em-
ployment.”

Cal Evers was not an ugly man, but his aridity
of emotions had altered his appearance, and his
normally attractive features had become pinched and
bitter. His long, aequiline nose flared at the nos-
trils, as if sniffing at a perpetual aroma of danger.
His full, almost sensual lips were thinned into a
stern, forbidding line which creased his face. Cal’s
deepset eyes regarded the world and its inhabitants
suspiciously from under the shadows of their heavily
boned sockets and bushy eyebrows. They seemed to
squint from his effort to pierce the self-created cur-
tain of distrust which separated him from his fellow-
man.

He moved along slowly, a lonely figure in the
erowd. For once in his life, he felt a lack of self-
sufficiency, an unnameable, desperate need for some-
one else’s advice. But, to whom could he go? Who
would listen peacefully to the complaints and gripes
of an ex-con? Certainly none of the laughing, sing-
ing, happy people who surrounded him on the busy
street.

To him the snow was black, and the caroling
voices a flat cacophony of unbearable noise. Each
cheerful greeting overheard, each gleeful laugh, each
tinkling bell, was a searing knife which cut across
his jangling nerves, driving him to wild retreat.

He found a welcome oasis of silence in a side-
street bar and ordered a drink, ignoring the weary
ereeting of the bartender. He drank avidly, untast-
ingly, and ordered another, drowning his discontent
in liquor.

Cal drank methodically, quietly repulsing the
conversational efforts of the bartender, a jerk who
wanted to be sociable. Cal’s sullen rebuff irritated
the gregarious barkeep, and after the fourth round,
he announced, “You’ve had enough, Bud.”

“Give me another,” Cal demanded, “and keep
your nose out of my business.”

The bartender leaned his meaty hands on the
edge of the bar. He repeated softly, “Look, Bud,
I said you had enough!”

“I haven’t had enough,” said Cal loudly. “This
is Christmas Hve, isn’t it? Well, I’m celebrating.”
He laughed.

“Celebrate someplace else, fella,” advised the
barkeep, moving to the other end of the bar to avoid
further argument.

Cal watched his retreat, considering a battle for
his rights. Maybe a good brawl would knock the
tension out of his system. A warning voice pene-
trated his anger, whispering, “Remember—parole.
Not ten days for drunk and disorderly, but six years
backtime.” He could afford no fights or arguments.

He muttered, “To hell with him.” Leaving, he
stuck his head back inside to shout, “Nuts to you,
you crumb! Merry Christmas!”

He slipped on the now icy pavement and almost
took a spill. Cal saved himself by clutching at a
passerby’s sleeve. The man gave him a surprised,
blank stare, then laughed. “Look’s like you’re hav-
ing a gay Christmas, friend.”

“Hell with you, friend,” Cal answered explo-
sively, and the other took off down the street, peer-
ing over his shoulder.

Cal saw a cabstand at the curb and staggered
into the back of the first taxi. He fell back into the
seat as the cab jerked to a start. He protested,
“Take it easy.”

“Yeah, Mae, O.K.,” answered the cabby.
“Where to?”

“The North Pole,” said Cal, then added, “Just
drive, just drive a while.”

Later, in another bar on some forgotten street,
he ordered another drink. While waiting he saw
a face in the bar-room mirror which seemed familiar.
He winked, and the other face gave an aswering
wink. Cal snickered. It was himself. Funny how
you meet people you know wherever you go. Next
thing he’d be bumping into his parole officer. Good
old “Follow the rules and I won’t bother you.” Only
thing is, some people don’t play by the rules. It
takes two to tango. Like the old coot at the plant
with his policy. Is there some policy says you
shouldn’t fight back? That had been the fourth job
in the three months he had been out. Well, starting
tomorrow he’d show them. He’d give them a look
at a new policy with re-written rules. That joint
would go for two grand easy. Drink up, for to-
morrow we heist.

This was Christmas Eve and life was a riot.
Look at the bums around him. They were happy.
The world was their’s this evening, pickings were
good and the wine was warm. Well, he could do it
too. All he needed was another drink. He shouted,
“Hey, man, where’s that drink?”

As he swung around on his stool, he slipped
awkwardly, bumping against the thigh of the girl
on the next seat.’ He apologized gallantly, “I’m:
most sorry, my fair miss.”

She batted her false eyelashes at him, openly ap-
praising his worth. His clothes, though rumpled,
had the appearance of money, and she brushed off the
sailor on her left, expertly sliding her leg closer to
Cal’s, renewing the accidental contact of the moment
before.

"That's all right," she said. "Buy Lily a
drinkie?”

Her eyes were glowing promissory notes, and
Cal answered, “Why sure, honey, I'll buy you a
whole carload of drinkies. We’ll have a ball!”

She smiled and wiggled ecstatically. “Gee, I
just knew you were a gentleman. We’re going to
have a lot of fun, aren’t we?”

“You bet we are,’ Cal shouted. “You just bet
your damn life we are. We’ll show them how Christ-
mas should be celebrated, baby. Christmas comes
but once a year, and the parole officer’s probably at
home trimming a tree. Bartender, another round
over here!” 

The evening became a riot of brightly lit bar-
rooms, noisy, drunken crowds, as Cal and his lady-
friend made the town. In their forced gayety, move-
ment was essential, and they sped from bar to bar,
afraid to miss something that never seemed to hap-
pen. They would stay in a bar until something in
the atmosphere drummed into Cal’s dimmed con-
sciousness, a sense of loss, a sense of disappointment,
a knowledge that the die was cast and he had given
up the hard search for deceney. Lily, endowed with
a momentary feeling of security by Cal’s free-spend-
ing manner, followed intrepidly through the buffet-
ing crowds as Cal plunged forward toward the
crossroad of tomorrow.

He was now ebullient, shouting, “Merry Christ-
mas, you crumbs!” at the slightest provocation, and
singing snatches of carols as they came to mind. But,
slowly and surely, the liquor slowed him down and
they came to rest in a dingy trap just off skid-row.
Despite Lily’s efforts to keep him alert and spend-
ing, Cal’s head dropped lower and lower.

He mumbled brokenly, “I tried, baby, God
knows, I tried. I just can’t make it. They... they
won’t let a man live.” His fist thumped the table.
“What’s a man supposed to do—crawl? Beg the
righteous hypocrites for a break, for a chance to be
a man?”

With a last effort, he raised his head, staring
blindly in her direction. He muttered, “I'll show
them! Just wait, I'll show them.” Then with a
sudden thud, his head hit the table. Cal was out.

Lily rose angrily from the table. She said to
herself, “I’ll be damned. The jerk had tears in his
eyes. Like he’s the only one’s got troubles.” She
stalked to the door in drunken majesty, and out into
the street.

Cal awoke abruptly under the prodding of the
bartender’s fingers. He looked about blearily.
“Give me another drink.”

“No more,” said the barkeep. “Closing time.
Time to get out.”

“Twelve already?” Is it?”

“Yeah. Come on, buddy, I gotta get home. It’s
Christmas Eve.”

Bracing himself against the table-top, Cal rose.
“Yeah, that’s right—Christmas Eve.” His head
ached, his bones ached, he felt lousy. He staggered
to the door.

Ouitside, he leaned against a doorway, rummag-
ing through his pockets in search of a cigarette. In
the process, he discovered he was broke. “Damn!”
Where had it gone? He had started with fifty-six
dollars. His last honest money—severance pay.
He counted his remaining resources. Exactly sixty-
seven cents.

A cop was approaching the doorway, and Cal
moved away to avoid his inspection. On the corner,
a skinny Santa wearily rang his bell, hoping to add
a few more pennies to the black metal pot. His take
had been small and he wanted to be hired again to-
morrow. Cal clutched the remaining coins in his
hand, then impulsively tendered them to the the-
atrically bearded character. “Here you are, Pop.
Merry Christmas.”

He walked on, not knowing where he was going,
and not much caring. Walking was better than an
early return to his room and a sleepless night. The
tension was bulding up already, like it had before
his last job. Already he could feel the butterflies
in his stomach, fluttering their wings of unnamed
fear. Feathery wings which would keep beating
until the stick-up was a fact.

A church-bell was ringing nearby, proclaiming
a midnight Mass. Evers picked up his stride, walk-
ing in the opposite direction until its ringing became
a muted throb, overshadowed by the echoing beat of
his heart.— THE END
