---
id: "379"
title: "Don't Rehabilitate Me-- De- Institutionalize Me"
author: "The Agenda"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
An Enticing and Humorous Satire of a
Convicts First Day in Free Society

Don't Rehabilitate Me --
De-Institutionalize Me

Courtesy of The Agenda 

As the bus pull-
ed slowly into
the depot and
came to a smooth stop,
I felt a strange quickening of my pulse, and my
stomach felt as if it were full of crawling live-things.
I slithered through the door and into the crowded
station where, dressed in my prison suit, I felt like
a Southern Baptist on his first visit to the Vatican.
I forced myself to assume an air of nonchalance, and
drifted complacently through the crowd and toward
the exit. In a great show of humanitarianism, I
stopped momentarily beside a wee tot lying quietly
in his buggy, and bent over to tickle him under the
chin.

“Kitchee, kitchee, coo,” I garbled, proving that
all gibbering idiots aren’t necessarily confined to
asylums, and in answer he raised his tiny, delicate
feet and damned near kicked my head through the
buggy top, and at the same time setting off a cater-
wauling reminiscent of the frustrated mating cry
of a frigid banshee.

“Stool Pigeon,” I snarled as I fled through the
door and down the street.

Suddenly I stopped short. Just ahead of me was
the strangest looking creature that I had ever seen;
but the more I looked, the more I was convineed
that somehow, somewhere, I had known creatures
like this before. Deeply I probed into my subcon-
ciousness, and mightily did I try to resurrect lost
memories; but the harder I tried, the thicker be-
came the curtain, and I finally took the only availa-
ble course; I approached the creature silently and
tapped gently on the shoulder.

“Pardon me,” I said discreetly, “but what kind of
knick-knack are you?”
The creature took one quick look at me, and emit-
ting a terrified scream, ran wildly down the street.
And then I knew—a woman! The scream had torn
a gaping hole in the curtain of my sublimations
through which poured many memories riding the
crest of a libidinous stream. But quickly my plea-
sure turned to pain—I was wracked by the frustrat-
ing knowledge that I was no more successful with
women now than I had been before I was sent up.
I shrugged my shoulders resignedly and continued
slowly down the street until I came to a small men’s
shop.

I had no sooner entered the store when a smiling
clerk approached me.

“May I help you?” he inquired, still smiling.

“Yes,” I answered. “I’d like to buy some clothes.”

“Well, you’ve certainly come to the right place,”
he said, rubbing his hands together. “Do you have
any particular color in mind? How about a nice
blue—” (and that is as far as he got. I don’t think
he even knew what hit him.)

Angrily I left the store and stalked down the
street. I stormed into the men’s-wear section of a
large department store, pushed rudely past a half-
a-dozen astonished clerks, and grabbed a steel-gray
sports jacket off a hanger.

“Do you like it?” asked one of the clerks, sliding
up beside me.

“Not bad,” I answered shortly, pleased with the
perfect fit. “How many packs do you want?”

The surprised clerk looked at me closely.

“I beg your pardon?” he said at last.

“Whaddaya want fer it?” I growled impatiently,
slipping back into prison vernacular. (If there’s
anything I can’t stand, it’s ignorance.)

“Oh,” said the clerk, beaming. “Let’s see now—
sixty-seven dollars and fifty cents.”

Quickly my mind made some lightning-like calcu-
lations.

“Sixty-seven fifty?” I asked thoughtfully. “Tell
you what. Ill give ya five cartons. King size.”

I stood back proudly, greatly pleased with my
generous offer. The clerk looked queerly at me,
mumbling something about having to speak to the
manager, disappeared for a moment. A few min-
utes later, I was surrounded by countless little men,
all dressed in white jackets, and who, despite my
loud protests, hustled me grimly out of the store to-
ward a waiting ambulance; however, they reckoned
without my desperate nature, so when they noticed
how docilely I was going along, they relaxed their
vigilance. Before they could recite the Bible back-
wards, I had broken away and had lost myself in
the crowd.

A few miles down the street, I puffed into a res-
taurant for a breather, and fortunately I was sud-
denly assailed by violent hunger pangs. Seating
myself at a table, I scanned the menu, and finally
ordered roast beef.

When my order finally arrived, tears of joy flowed
unashamed from my eyes. A succulent roast, tan-
talizingly decorated with a sprig of parsley and—
no! it couldn’t be! Unbelievingly I jabbed my fork
into a repulsive, gooey mound that reared its ugly
head on one side of the dish MASHED POTA-
TOES! Showing remarkable restraint, I called the
waitress back politely.

“Lady,” I began, a steely quality in my voice, “for
the past two years P’ve practically lived on mashed
potatoes, creamed potatoes, whipped potatoes, snow-
flake potatoes, boiled potatoes, steamed potatoes,
scalloped potatoes, salt potatoes and fried potatoes.
Furthermore, I’ve eaten new potatoes, not-so-new
potatoes, and old potatces. And now, by God, if
those potatoes aren’t off my plate in ten seconds,
Pearl Harbor will seem like a basket social com-
pared to what I’ll do to this joint.”

The waitress looked at me for just a moment, and
seeing my fierce countenance jumped to carry out
my orders. While she was gone, I brooded darkly
into my coffee and seriously contemplated starting
an incubating system for potato bugs whereby I
could release countless billions of half-starved bugs
at precisely the right moment and thereby wipe out
every damned spud in the country.

After I had eaten the meal which the waitress had
brought back promptly, minus the potatoes, I picked
up my empty dish and headed for the kitchen. Spot-
ting the cook, I approached him cautiously after
looking carefully around to make sure that I wasn’t
being observed.

“P-s-s-t,” I hissed attracting his attention. “How
about seconds?”

“Seconds?” he echoed, startled.

“Sure,” I answered quickly. “Look, Ill even
dish it up myself. That way you won’t draw any
heat.”

He shook his head uncomprehendingly, and I took
advantage of his confusion by heaping my plate with
the tasty meat, and passing quickly back into the
dining room.

I sat back down at my table to finish the meal
that I had so cleverly won, but after a few more
bites, 1t became apparent that my eyes had over-
loaded my stomach. Picking up another slice of
bread, I pretended to butter it, at the same time
peering quickly, but carefuly about the room. For
a brief second I saw that I was unobserved, and in
one swift motion, heaped meat on top the slice of
bread, slapped another slice on top of the meat, and
shoved the whole works beneath my shirt. The

Illustrated
By
James Morrison

gravy oozed comfortingly down my belly.

I finished drinking my coffee, and picked up my
silverware, then headed nonchalantly across the
room toward the cashier.

“Where do I put the silver?” I asked her politely.

“The what?” she asked, startled.

“These,” I answered loudly, holding the silver-
ware forth. I was becoming just a little impatient
with the ignorance of some people. “Don’t you
have a bucket or pan to put them in?”

“W-why n-no,” she stammered, at the same time
locking the cash register.

I mumbled something about “gross inefficiency,”
paid my bill, and walked jauntily into the street,
enjoying a feeling of security known only to a man
who has not only just finished a good meal, but
who has also a pilfered sandwich tucked firmly
against his stomach. But suddenly I was overcome
by a great weariness as the startling events of the
day finally caught up with me, and all that I wanted
now was a place to sleep that I might tomorrow be-
gin with a fresh vigor. Consequently, I turned into
the first hotel I saw. The affable clerk greeted me
cordially and directed a bell-boy to show me to my
room where I wasted no time, but quickly undressed
and crawled into bed.

I had lain there no more than a few minutes when
I felt a vague uneasiness—a strange premonition
that all was not well. As the evening wore on, I
became more and more wide awake as I wracked
my befuddled mind in hopes of discovering the
source of my anxiety. Then suddenly I knew.

Leaping out of my bed, I quickly donned my clothes
and made my way back down to the office. The
clerk, who saw me coming, turned toward me.

“Is anything wrong?” he asked.
“What time do you count around here?”
“Count?” he asked quizzically.

“Yeah count. Don’t you keep track of how many
people you have?” I was becoming damned well
fed up with such gross carelessness.

“Why yes,” he answered brightly. “We have
them listed right here in this register.”

“But how do you know where they are if you
don’t count them?” I asked.

“Oh we don’t care where they are,” he replied.

I looked at him perplexedly for a moment and
then shaking my head sadly, padded back up to
my room. Craziest thing I’d ever heard of in my
life. If they didn’t count me, how in the world
am I to know where Iam? However, this problem
was soon lost in the shadow of a more immediate
problem when I found to my consternation that I
had locked myself out of my room. I shuffled back
to the head of the stairs.

“Key up!” I yelled as loudly as I could. A few
seconds later, the not-too-happy clerk was standing
at the bottom of the steps.

“What did you say?” he asked.

"I said 'key up'," still shouting.

S-h-h-h,” he quieted me. “I know what you said,
but what does it mean?”

I looked at him disbelievingly. This man wasn’t
merely ignorant—he was plumb stupid. Anyone
should know what “key up” means.

“Key up,” I said in a shocked whisper, “means
that I'm locked out. I need a key to get into my
room.”

“Well, why didn’t you say so?” he asked irritably.

“Well, just what do you think I said?” I count-
ered, losing my temper and screaming again.

He must have known that I had him there as he
said nothing, but stoped before my door and un-
locked it. I withered him with a scathing glare as
I passed into my room, slamming the door behind
me. Quickly I crawled back into bed, and just be-
fore I fell asleep, I realized that I had discovered the
reason why so many men are sent back to prison
as violators—they cannot stomach the ignorance of
the people on the outside. — THE END
