---
id: "381"
title: "Opportunity's Knock is Answered"
author: "Terres, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Opportunity’s Knock is Answered

by FRANK H. TERRES

A new Educational Program, introduced to this
Institution in November, received justification by
the numerous applicants who thronged to the office
of Mr. Thomas H. Graham, Educational Director.

The program has been devised by our author-
ities as an incentive for individual advancement. The
response is an overwhelming testimonial to the
effectiveness of such a program. Over 200 men are
now enrolled in our Institutional classes, supervised
and instructed by certified “outside” educators.
Another 200 have taken advantage of the wide and
varied program offered by The International Cor-
respondence School. Both Institutional and I.C.S.
Courses are State supported. However, the eager-
ness to learn does not contain itself within “Free
Study” privileges. Twenty-seven Inmates are en-
rolled with the Pennsylvania State College Corre-
spondence School in Agriculture and Home Econ-
omics, while two enterprising Inmates are earning
College Credits through the Penna. State College
Extension program. These courses are liquidated
from the Inmate’s personal funds. Thus, the ap-
preciable results of the E.S.P. Educational Program
are evident when it is realized that over 450 Inmates
are receiving the educational tools necessary to
raise the level of their status in free society.

The current curriculum of the Institutional
system includes: Typing, Art, Mechanical Draw-
ing, Show-Card and Sign Lettering, Vocational Car-
pentry, Upholstering, Lower Academic, Pre-High
School and High School. Coupled with the LCS.
and Penna. State College course, the E.S.P. system
is second to none.

Our new High School and Vocational Instruct-
ors were well chosen. Mv. Harry Gransback, who
teaches at the High School level, daily instructs at
the Woodrow Wilson Jr. High School. <A graduate
of Kast Stroudsburg Teachers College, with credits
from Penn State and National Farm School, Mr.
Gransback inspires enthusiasm in his students from
his interested and enthusiastic approach. Current-
ly teaching English, History and a Social Study to
our inmates, he may utilize his qualifications as a
Mechanical Drawing Instructor in the near future.

Another new Instructor in the system is Mr.
Michael Montemuro. Mr. Montemuro received his
Bachelor of Arts from LaSalle College, and is cur-
rently working on his Masters Degree at Temple
University. Married and the father of five children,
Mr. Montemuro resembles a school boy. However,
his youthful appearance belies his years of know-
ledge. <A teacher at MeMichaels Elementary School
during the daylight hours, he has graciously offered
his evening hours for the betterment of our pop-
ulation. An attitude typical of all concerned.

Rounding out the Instructors of Pre-High
School and High School are Mr. Robert Burman and
Mr. William Berg. Neither of these men are new to
the Institution. Mr. Burman has been “carrying
the load” in teaching our Lower Academic classes
previous to the new installed system. Mr. Berg is
our Social Service Director. However, well ex-
perieneed as a teacher in our Philadelphia School
System, Mr. Berg rallied to the call and offered his
services in aiding our men in their quest for know-
ledge. Mr. Berg will teach High School English and
Mathematics.

In the Vocational Field, we weleome Mr. Leroy
Willing and Mr. Israel Kurman. Mr. Willing is
instructing the School of Carpentry and Mr. Kurman
supervises and instructs the School of Upholstering.
The members of these classes have indeed been for-
tunate. Mr. Willing and Mr. Kurman are two of
the most highly qualified men that could be obtained
in their field. Mr. Willing teaches at Bok Voea-
tional during the normal working day and is a
registered builder and owner of the construction
company, Willing and Son. His planned course en-
compasses the teaching of Building Construction,
not “Woodworking”.

Mr. Kurman is another shining example of the
caliber of instructors our authorities have chosen.
Mr. Kurman teaches Upholstery to the professional
Upholsterers. He has been doing this for over 10
years. Presenting a plauned curriculum, Mr. Kur-
man advises that he will instruct his pupils to be-
come full fledged Upholsterers.

In obtaining their personal views on the re-
ceptiveness of their students at E.S.P., they were
unanimous in their replies. I have chosen Mr.
Berg’s summation to adequately express their
answers. Mr. Berg stated, “We believe that the
eredit for the suecess of our educational system
should be attributed to the Inmates. They deserve
all of the credit. Their warmth and interest is most
gratifying to the teacher and makes our job an
easier one. One of the prime obstacles to Institu-
tional night-time training, is fatigue. The students
have met and overcome this challenge. They pursue
their studies in their cells after class. This is indica-
tive of individual interest and enterprise. The In-
structors and Officials have problems that are being —
solved—Namely, space and materials. Material
prerequisities shall be met in the near future. Our
system of edueation is a eredit to the institution.
However, were it not for the zeal and interest of the
students, it would be impossible to attain the stand-
ard that is being achieved.”
