---
id: "382"
title: "Softball"
author: "BROWN, Joseph"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0026.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Eastern Echo Sports Section

SOFTBALL
by JOE BROWN

JORDAN OUTSTANDING PITCHER

On August 31, Fred “Runt” Jordan, outstand-
ing pitcher of the Cuban League, notched his 23rd
win to clinch the Cuban League pennant for the
Cherry Hill Dodgers.

ROOKIES WIN—JORDAN HONORED

On Sept. 14, George Vanderslice, an official and
also the butcher in our Kitchen Dept., led a team
from Penn Fruit Produce Markets to their slaughter.
The Cherry Hill Rookies won by the overwhelming
score of 18 to 4. Prior to this game “Runt” Jordan
was introduced and presented with an award of
twenty-five dollars in merchandise for his pitching
achievements.

CHERRY HILL VARSITY WINS 7 OF 12
AGAINST VISITING TEAMS

Curly, Pigmeat, Keith, Selby, Jake, Conrey,
B. Johnson, Joe Buzzard and Levi Jones were con-
sidered the sluggers of the Cuban League. They
all were hitting over .300. But against outside com-
petition all but Jones, who wasn’t a varsity regular,
failed to live up to their notices. Joe Buzzard led the
rest of the varsity members with a poor, .208 aver-
age. However, the varsity team didn’t do too bad-
ly as it won 7 out of 12 for an average of .588.

During the short season for the varsity team,
there were a few items of particular interest. On
Aug. 24, a team representing Harry’s Cafe of 2nd and
Godfrey Ave., defeated our Varsity All-Stars 4 to
1 on two walks and only two hits. They won despite
the six double-plays and one triple-play turned in
by the All-Stars. Jack Wagner was the winning
pitcher, with Kalvitis being charged with the loss.

On Sept. 7, Joe Woods pitched a no-hitter
against our All-Stars for Mitch’s Tavern, yet lost by
a 2—1 score. Kalvitis went all the way to gain the
win while giving up only two hits.

ROOKIE LEAGUE WORLD SERIES

The Rockets, winners of the second half and the
Lynx, winners of the first half came to do battle for
the championship with the confidence and hustling
spirit they displayed throughout the regular season.
In the first game Miketich started for the Rockets
while George Sanders was assigned the pitching
chores for the Lynx. It was a hard-fought game un-
til the Rockets’ power was unleashed. The Lynx
were unable to stop them from taking the opener
by a Score of 6-2.

Games No. 2 and 3 were won by the Rockets by
seores of 11—8 and 9—5.

The two teams returned to battle in Game No. 4
with the Lynx down three games to none. Things
looked bad for the Lynx. Bob Bolding, the only
pitcher who Manager Joe Brown had not used, asked
to pitch this important game. With confidence he
stated, “I can beat the Rockets!” After what had
happened in the first three games, Manager Joe
Brown and Owner DuPree decided to take a chance,
—and Bob Bolding saved the Lynx.

Well, Game No. 4 began with Bolding on the
mound for the Lynx and, once again, it was Mike-
tich for the Rockets. The Lynx, known for their
keenness of sight, got their batting eyes back and
won the fourth game by a 9 to 7 score with Ricco,
Peterson, DuPree, Joe, Norman, Tennessee, Medina,
Cookie, Rich, Karl, Bolding, Kitchen and Barney all
lending their efforts to a winning cause.

Games No. 5 and 6 were won by the Lynx by
scores of 6—4 and 13—7.

With the series tied at three victories each, the
Rockets and Lynx took to the field for the seventh
and deciding game. The contest was decided early
when the Lynx scored nine runs in the first two inn-
ings to win the championship going away. The
final score: 15 to 2.

The Lynx comeback is a good example of, “the
old college try”. This was a team victory. Even
former Lynx players were on hand to cheer the
Lynx on. Among them were Jimmy Jackson, Roos-
ter, Pigmeat, White, Harris, and many others.

Our plaudits go to umpires Haywood, Heads
and Lobo for making calls like professionals, mak-
ing this a great series.

Commissioner Jacob Merrill was on hand to
oversee all the action and he had the added respon-
sibilities of official scorekeeper.
