---
id: "383"
title: "Basketball"
author: "Stewart, Jim"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0026.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
BASKETBALL
by JIM STEWART

CHERRY HILL BOWS IN OPENER

Wow! Wow! is the word around Cherry Hill
these days. The fellows are saluting the Cherry
Hill Basketball Team who played host to St. Alice’s,
Narberth Summer League Basketball Champions, on
the home court. The game was played on a very
warm, sunny Saturday afternoon amidst cheers
which echoed throughout the afternoon and saw the
Cherry Hill Five please the home rooters, though
losing by a 68-58 score.

For the opening tap, the teams lined up as
follows:
St. Alice's                       Cherry Hill
Reds Morrison (8)      RF    Teeny Berry (13)
Marty Murray (7)       LF   Woody Howard (10)
Tom Connelly (13)      C      C. Adderly (14)
Chink Wallington (15)  RG    John O'Brien (5)
Bob Duffy (11)         LG    Jim Morrison (8)

The game began at a fast pace with the home
team driving hard and displaying their ability and
competitive spirit. Sparking the home team drive
was Woody, ably supported by Teeny Berry,
Charles Adderly, Obie O’Brien and Jim Morrison.
For the visitors, Tom Connelly displayed clever ball-
handling while pivoting and shooting from all angles
of the court, with the capable support of Chink
Wallington, Bob Duffy, Reds Morrison and Marty
Murray who really teamed together to show the fans
offensive and defensive play at its best.

Let’s also give a big hand to Shakey, Junebug,
Tuffy Wright, Bogardus, Juice Cohen and Curley
Heath who loaned their capable efforts to the home
team’s losing cause.

Deserved credit goes to: Mr. Graham, Athletic
Director, Horace Wright and Little Mack who man-
aged and coached the Cherry Hill Five; to MeCann
and Gilmore, the referees; to Stu, the timekeeper;
and to Mr. John Doyle, who was responsible for
making this series of games possible.

ST. ALICE'S RETURNS—WINS AGAIN

To call Saturday afternoon, October 11th, an
exciting one,—would be the understatement of the
year. It was a windy, dusty and cool afternoon
marking the second meeting between St. Alice’s and
the host Cherry Hill Five.

The starting line-ups were as follows:
St. Alice's                       Cherry Hill
Marty Murray (7)       RF   Woody Howard (10)
Chink Wallington (15)  LF  Harry Fricker (36)
Reds Morrison (7)       C    Teeny Berry (13)
Connie Newman (4)      RG    John O'Brien (5)
Tom Connelly (13)      LG    Jim Morrison (8)

From the opening tap the visitors displayed a
spirited, concentrated offense which saw Tom
Connelly, Chink Wallington and Reds Morrison
showing their speed and ability as ball-handlers and
demonstrating some of the scoring plays that made
them champions in their league.

Teeny Berry and Woody Howard lead the way
with able support from Jim Morrison, Harry
Fricker and Johnny O’Brien, as the home team
battled the visitors throughout the game. Also
deserving of the crowd’s cheers were Jake, Junebug,
Shakey, and Bogardus; all of whom saw action for
the home team.

The visiting five were victorious by a 57-49
score, but the victory was not an easy one. It was
a hard-earned win with both teams fighting hard un-
til the final whistle.

SOUTH PHILA. COLTS EDGE CHERRY HILL

Saturday afternoon, October 18, 1958, was a
typical Autumn afternoon. The skies were sunny
and clear as the Cherry Hill Five walked out onto

Photos show some of the action which
occurred during the second meeting of
St. Alice’s and the Cherry Hill Five.

the home court to greet their visitors,—the Colts
from South Philadelphia.

The starting line-ups were as follows:
So. Phila. Colts             Cherry Hill
Ronald Jones (11)    RF    Teeny Berry (13)
William Royce (14)   LF  Harry Fricker (36)
George Boggs (12)     C     C. Adderly (14)
Ernie Schuler (7)    RG            Jake (4)
Ronald Shepard (2)   LG    Jim Morrison (8)

Cautious play marked the early moments of the
game, the Colts being the first to step up the pace.
Controlling the boards, they started a fast-break at-
tack which drew cheers from the crowd. Then, the
Cherry Hill Five, led by Teeny Berry and Charles
Adderly, combined their efforts with the inspired
play of Crane, Fricker and Heath in an offensive
surge that gave the visiting bench something to talk
about. A very spirited and action-packed first half
ended with the Colts in front, 29—21.

During half-time your reporter was able to find
out that the Colts are a well-seasoned, well-coached
team; handled very capably by a gent known as
Lacey who played his basketball for Southern High.
So let’s give our thanks to Lacey for bringing to us
such a fine team and an enjoyable afternoon.

In the second half our home team, led by Berry
and Fricker, put on a late surge and the visitors lead
began to dwindle but, the Colts, with victory on
their mind, matched the home team play for play
and eeked out a 51-47 win.

Let’s extend a hand to Mr. Sekula who directed
the Cherry Hill Five from the side-lines. Also
deserving of credit for a job well done are Gilmore
and Griffin, the referees; Turk, the timekeeper; and
Bill Morgan of the Colts who, along with Joe
MecNeair (our Sports Editor), took care of the score-
keeping duties.

A big vote of thanks to Mr. William Berry, the
Colts’ owner and to Mr. Robert Griffin, a member of
the custodial staff, who met on a bus while riding
to work at the sleepy hour of 5:00 a.m. and made
this game possible.
