---
id: "384"
title: "Football"
author: "CONREY, William"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0028.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL
by BILL CONREY

TIGERS WIN LIGETWEHIGHT OPENER

Sept. 27th, was just another day to some, but
here at Cherry Hill excitement was in the air as two
evenly matched lightweight teams, the Warriors and
and the Tigers, took to the gridiron in the season’s
opener.

The two teams seesawed back and forth until
the closing minutes of the first quarter. With the
Tigers in possession, Grant Stewart faked a hand-off
to his halfback, then dropped back and unleashed a
forty-yard pass to his right end, Saby, on the five-
yard line. Harry Zeitz tackled Saby as he hauled
in the toss.

With first down and goal to go, two line plunges
netted only two yards for the Tigers. On third
down they pulled a double-reverse with Richie
Richardson carrying it over for the first six points.
The extra point was made by Stewart with Irish
Cullen paving the way through the center of the
line. The first quarter ended with the Tigers lead-
ing 7-0.

In the second quarter Billy Hallowell fired a
twenty-yard pass to Ronnie Bunts who took the ball
to the Tigers’ ten-yard line. On first down, with ten
yards to pay-dirt, Hallowell handed off to Gaylord ~
who went over left guard for five yards. On second
down, Barrett Duke went over to score. The War-
riors went to the air in their try for the extra point,
but the pass was incomplete. The scoreboard read:
Tigers 7, Warriors 6.

In the third period Stewart completed a 15-yard
pass to little MeNear for a touchdown and a lead
of 7 points. The try for the extra point was 
unsuccessful.

The Warriors fought back as Hallowell hit
Jimmie Ladislaw in the end-zone for six points.
The try for the extra point was,—No Good!

The final score: Tigers 18, Warriors 12.

The starting line-ups:
Warriors               Tigers
Zeitz        FB        McNear
Duke         HB    Richardson
Gaylord      HB      Cantoral
Hallowell    QB       Stewart
Bunts        LE   Antonowiecz
Tennessee    LT    Hill-Billy
Ladislaw     LG     Gun Smoke
Robert Lee    C        Cullen
Gindle       RG   Cooperstein
Kurrey       RT  Pencil Willy
Petner       RE          Saby

OTHER LIGHTWEIGHT GAMES

October 13,—The Warriors and The Tigers, in their
second meeting of the season, battled back and
forth throughout two action-packed halves. The
game ended in a scoreless tie.

October 24,—Hallowell’s Warriors and Stewart’s
Tigers combined their squads to play the Cobras.
The combination of these two teams proved to be
too much for the Cobra eleven. The final score
was 18-0, in favor of the “War-Cats”.

October 27,--The Tigers again defeated the
Warriors, making it two out of three, with the
third game ending ina tie. ‘Tookie” Crane (throw-
ing) and Jimmy Ladislaw (catching) teamed up for
a forty-yard pass play to account for the only score
of the game. The final scoreboard reading: Tigers
6, Warriors 0.

HEAVIES CLASH IN SCORELESS OPENER
October 11,—Two heavyweight teams, Reliable A.C.
and Cardinals A.C., made their initial appearance of
the season in the heavyweight division opener. They
provided us with sixty minutes of thrill-packed foot-
ball in which each team played equally well. Of
special notice was the fine sportsmanship displayed
by all participants.

It was a game marked with hard running, bruis-
ing line-play and fine defensive play. The final
scores: 0-0.

The starting line-ups:
Reliable A.C.       Cardinals A.C.
Adderly       FB            Heads
Hallowell     HB           Shakey
Capone        HB           Holmes
O’Brien       GB          Croxton
Antonoweicz   LE            Locke
Andrews       EE            Pitts
Jowett        LG          Mumford
Brewer         C       Hill-Billy
Whiteley      RG           Wilder
Myers         RT            Jones
Battles       RE            Keith

Reliable Subs: Long, Brogan, Lightkep, Ladislaw,
Clousenburg and Welty.

Cardinals Subs: Luke, Pigmeat, Staley, Teasey,
Dixon, Young, Heavy, Don, Alexander and Bernard.

GAME HI-LITES: Deserving of special mention
for their fine play are Charles Adderly, “Pinky”
Andrews and Felix Capone of Reliable, and for the
Cardinals, Dave Croxton, Heads and Billy Holmes.

It seems that everyone has been reading the
rule-book. In the first. quarter “Tookie’ Crane
signaled for a fair catch of a punt, and Lo and Be-
hold, not a hand was laid on him.

Reliable A.C. came the closest to scoring when
O’Brien passed to Adderiy in the end-zone, only to
have an Illegal-Use-Of-Hand penalty nullify the
score.

RELIABLE TOPS CARDINALS 7-6
November 4,—Reliable A.C., despite the massive
Cardinal line, came on strong in the first quarter to
score.

Taking advantage of a fumble recovery by
Capone, O’Brien, directing Reliable from his quarter-
back position, pulled Jake Welty out of the line and
set him in the fullback slot. From this position
Jake barreled over for the first score of the year
for either heavyweight team. An O’Brien to An-
tonoweicz pass was complete for the extra point
which proved to be the margin of victory.

Giving the Reliable backs nightmares, the big
Card line moved in time and time again, led by Joe
Staley, Cardinal right guard. Joe proved to be
Reliable’s biggest headache and the Cardinals’ big-
eest defensive asset.

“Pinky” Andrews, Reliable’s right tackle, cop-
ped honors for his stellar line play while heading up
the charging Reliable’ line. A great performance

Action shots of heavyweight game on November 4.

both as defensive line-backer and offensive tackle.
Deep inside Reliable territory after a sustained
drive from mid-field, fullback Andrews spun out-
side left tackle on a fourth down play for the Card-
inal touchdown. The extra point attempt fizzled as
“Heads” was stopped short of the goal-line.

Final score: Reliable A.C. -7, Cardinals A.C. -6.

The starting line-ups:
Reliable A.C.      Cardinals A.C.
Crane         FB         Andrews
Hallowell     HB           Young
Capone        HB           Jones
O’Brien       QB         Croxton
Antonoweicz   LE         Pigmeat
Myers         LT          Staley
Welty         LG           Dixon
Brewer         C        Harrison
Whiteley      RG       Pritchett
Andrews       RT          Wilder
Battles       RE         Pearson

Reliable Subs: Fox, Cantoral, Long, Jowett, Duke,
Ladislaw and Lightkep.

Cardinals Subs: Goodman, Tim, Tate, Big Lou,
Teasey and Bernard.

— THE END
