---
id: "385"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
HAPPINESS IS JUST A DOG CALLED:

SNOOPY

QUICK! HENRY, THE FLIT!!

One night, not so long ago, one of the night
officers, in making his night rounds, was flabber-
gasted at the request of Stanley (Stosh) Mscisz.

It seems that as the night officer was making
his rounds at 3:30 A.M., stopped to check Stosh’s
door, Stosh was waiting for him. Following is the
conversation that took place.

STOSH: “Officer, may I use your flashlight, I lost
my parakeet and can’t find him.”

OFFICER: (After taking a look at Stosh) “Every-
thing is alright Buddy, go back to bed and I'll get
something for you from the hospital.”

STOSH: “I am alright, I just lost my parakeet, let
me use your flashlight.”

OFFICER: “You bird hunting at 3:00 A.M. in the
morning? Just lay down and take it easy, Ill be
right back.”

Sure enough, when the officer returned, Stosh
was resting and there on a perch was his “Parakeet.”

It is reported, that a few hours later, on making
another check, there was the parakeet on the bars.
It seemed that Stosh was lost, and the bird wanted
to borrow the light to find him.

SPACEMAN THE FIREMAN

When a fire broke out in the laundry building,
Tony the Spaceman, climbed into his trusty jet and
sped to the rescue. He notified the center and in-
formed the captains, but this was not the end of
his deed. Rushing back to the burning building, he
stripped to the waist, and dragging a gushing fire-
hose behind him, he dashed into the inferno and
brought the blaze under control.

A CHAT WITH GEORGE
I sat listening to George Fox...

“A man who can control himself can control
the world, is a saying that is familiar to all of us.
Yet, what is being said is namely that a man must
have self-discipline. Hach of us here in ESP are
here because we have not had the proper amount
of self-discipline. The ironic part of this is that
this form of self-discipline is among the first traits
we begin to develop in our adolescent years. The
control of our habits, actions, and works are all a
part of self-discipline.”

Snoopy thinks George Fox is ready to return to
free society.

CALLING ALL STAMP COLLECTORS

Officer Pat McKenna, of 12 block, Ist gallery,
has given the ECHO a challenge in the form of a
first rate project. We feel that this challenge can-
not go unanswered.

Mr Mekenna's children, Pat 12, Phyllis 10,
Susan 9 and Dorothy 6, along with other parochial
school children of his neighborhood, have been col-
lecting used postage stamps. The stamps that these
children collect are turned over to the Sisters of the
school, and in turn are forwarded to various veter-
an’s hospitals.

The vets in these hospitals pass many enjoya-
ble hours, cataloging these stamps in album form.

This magnificent gesture on the part of these
school children, is an integral part of the therapy
the hospitals employ, to help those who are handi-
capped.

This is not only a challenge to the ECHO, but
to the entire inmate population as well. So come
on Men, let‘s get behind the kids.

Turn your used stamps into the ECHO office,
or give them to Mr. McKenna. He and the kids will
carry on from there.

THE MUSIC MAN

The world of music within these walls of ESP,
has a lively personality in “SLICK” MATTHEWS.
Those familiar with jazz will readily recognize his
talents on the guitar, flute and vibes. Slick ean also
be seen giving hours of his time in teaching others
the intricate fingering of the guitar.

SNOOPY SALUTES

Snoopy extends his paw to MARTY PEARSON
for organizing a chess class. This class is held
every evening. ANDY PASCHEDAG teaches the
opening moves, Marty lets you know the better
middle moves and HEADS takes you through the
closing and winning moves. Class had good attend-
ance and real prospects. Why not join today?

Another shake of Snoopy’s paw to HAROLD
LEE WARREN. Harold is responsible for the
colorful and informative movie reviews posted on
the ECHO bulletin board each week.

JIMMY JACKSON, for the impartial and clean
way he handled his umpiring duties during the
softball season.

ALL WORK AND NO PLAY

While Snoopy was pounding out the material
for this column, in drops this character by the name
of Joe Eleissner. Joe is a pretty decent guy with
a good sense of humor. Snoopy invited Joe to set

Eastern Echo awhile, set he did, and came up with this story. Be-
lieve me, it’s a true yarn.

“I've worked all my life,” said Joe. “You would
think that anyone who has worked for the past 22
years, would have something to show for it, a home,
a good bank account or be eligible for a nice pen-
sion." "But," says Joe, "here I am, without an
orange crate to call my own, without a sou to my
name. A perfect work record. 22 years without
missing a day, and still a beachcomber.”

Snoopy was amazed and asked how this could
be. Joe gave Snoopy his work record. Here it is.

| YEAR | PLACE OF WORK | TYPE OF WORK | TOTAL TIME WORKED |
| 1936 | Philadelphia  | Ironworker   | 1 yr.             |
| 1937 | State Pen     | Mop & Broom  | 3 yrs.            |
| 1940 | Philadelphia  | Ironworker   | 6 mos.            |
| 1941 | State Pen     | Mop & Broom  | 10 yrs.           |
| 1951 | Philadelphia  | Ironworker   | 3 1/2 yrs.        |
| 1954 | County Prison | Mop & Broom  | 6 mos.            |
| 1955 | New Jersey    | Ironworker   | 6 mos.            |
| 1956 | Philadelphia  | Ironworker   | 11 mos.           |
| 1956 | Bucks County  | Burglar      | 1 day             |
| 1956 | State Pen     | Mop & Broom  | Till??            |

By George, Joe has a point there. There is one
thing I can tell him. “Either be an ironworker, or
a mopper.”

SNOOPY WAVES GOODBY

Big Stoop has left us.

Stoop, or WALTER CULBREATH, as his fami-
ly and friends in the free world know him, has left
us for greener pastures. He has left behind the
pleasant memories of countless hours filled with
laughter. Yes, the master of joviality has gone.

Time, in its changeless way, had measured out the
span of years, that society had decreed Stoop must
pay, to quench the thirst of the blind Goddess of
Justice.

We that are left behind have all shared in the
witticisms (often at his own expense) of this “clown
of tender heart.”

“This existence," warns Stoop, “could and often
does destroy the element that lifts us as human be-
ings above the level of mere animals. The only
weapon left us, is the wonderful power of seeing
each day through with our hearts open to the needs
of those around us.”

“There are two things we can do, we can laugh,
or we can cry. You will find, that when your day
of release comes, the moments of laughter were so
much easier than those filled with tears.”

PERSONALITIES AND SCENES

GEORGE TUCKER and HARRY (JUICE)
COHEN refuse to take eredit for the Dodgers win-
ning the pennant and the series in the local soft
ball league. George and Juice led their team to the
top, but they give credit to the others on the team.

“They were a great bunch and played their hearts
out.” So say, George and Juice.

HERB ELLIOTT, bringing his typing class up
to perfection with patience and understanding .. .
Snoopy paused and watched PENCIL WILLIE
wielding a welding torch on a misshappen iron
wheel. Willie certainly made a neat repair job on
that beat-up wheel... VINNIE COLONDONATO
with a smile a mile wide as he accepts a diploma in
typing. Don’t stop with this one laurel Vinnie,
go Migher .. . JOH CORVE sitting in his wheel
chair, was heard to remark to himself, “If only
that sandpile—.” Snoopy imagines Joe was think-
ing of Moyamensing ... “IRISH” MC CULLEN
is looking for a shady spot to occupy next summer.
Seems that everytime Irish laid in the sun some-
thing happened ... JOH HOFFMAN, tenderly tun-
ing his mandolin prior to sitting in with the boys
in a music corner... FRANK YANZCAK, never too
busy to stop work and say “hello” to a friend or a
co-worker...

FABER STENGLE has taken an interest in
writing. Sure can use. him... JOHN (CANDY
MAN) STRANAHAN, 9 block shower room sgani-
tary engineer. Wonder where he got the name,
“Candy Man”... DICK HERALD, making a good
move to become one of our finer chess players . .
GEORGE (LITTLE OBIE) O’BRIEN, waiting
patiently for the commutations to come in. Hope
he makes it. <A real nice guy... SNOOPY officiated
as head linesman during one of our local football
games, Snoopy is now without a friend.

JOE PAULL & GUESTS CONDUCT SERVICES

With Joe Paull and prominent guests in attend-
ance, ten inmates of the Jewish Faith gathered for
the High Jewish Holidays here in ESP.

The service on September 14th, was conducted
by Manfred Landau. Among those present for the
service of September 15th were Bernard Sless and
and Louis Carter.

The largest number of guests were present for
services on September 16th, last service of Rosh
Hashona. Attending were Albert M. Cohen, Dr.
Kugene Cohen, Samuel Goldner, Samuel Orchow
and Jules Strauss.

Mr. Joe Paull returned for the first Yom Kip-
pur service on September 23rd. The final service
was conducted by Hanley Rubinsohn. The food for
the occasion was supplied by Mr. Paull and his
eroup.

In honor of the New Year, the men contributed
toward a plot of trees for the State of Israel. From
the donations, ten trees will be planted in the name
of the Jewish Inmates of ESP and of Mr. Joe Paull.
As a friend of all the inmates, Mr. Paull will always
be remembered for his good works.

THIS IS THE TAIL!
