---
id: "386"
title: "Music in the Air"
author: "Williams, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Music In The Air

by THOMAS WILLIAMS

A memorable musical
fete was afforded to the in-
mates of H.S. P. on August
26, 1958, as autumn breezes
heralded the last outside
entertainment of the sum-
mer. Once again, Mr. Art
Jordan and his group of pro-
fessional entertainers  ap-
peared and were well re-
ceived.

Mr. Joe Morrow, acting
as master of ceremonies,
kept the show going at a
fast pace with his wit and
musical satire.

Mr. Joe Vanelli began
the program by playing a
few selections on the accor-
dian, with snatches of belly-shaking humor between
tunes. Then, the old, gray walls fairly shook as
the O’Connor Twins sang and thrilled the audience
with their proficient skill by playing a variety of
instruments; such as saxophone, clarinet and trum-
pet. Their nimble-footed dancing skill brought
them back for encores. The Bowdins, a father and
son team, played the banjo as Stephen Foster never
heard it. Their interpreta-
tions of popular music were
thrilling to all “Whey xcen-
dered such numbers as “One
UClock. 2 Jump. sActter
You've Gone’, and many
mere. Their uniqueness was
evidenced by their ability to
play dual instruments cross-
hand. It was obvious to
everyone that the banjo has
been lifted out of obscurity
into the realm of American
music. Back by popular de-
mand was Mr. Monahan
and His Musical Puppets,
who played the xylophone
through the fingers of their great master.

A vital feature of the show was inmate partici-
pation, led by our own Hank Myers, singing to the
tune of “When Irish Eyes are Smiling.” This gave
Hank a chance to exercise his good, baritone voice.
He was accompanied by Mr. Vanelli on the accor-
dian. Following in order was Angelo, singing “Oh
Marie” in Italian, and what a thrill and surprise,
for here was a veteran performer at work. Last,
but not least of inmate participators, was Harl
Brown, one of our better showmen. Mr. Vanelli
eavorted good-naturedly along with Earl. A good
example of Earl’s marvelous humor follows:

EARL: Do you have “Pennies From Heaven’?

MR. VANELLI: Why, Yes.. I do.

EARL: Then give me a few! (Laughter)

MR. VANELLI: Seriously Earl, What will you
dance to?

EARL: How about “Sunny Side of The Street’’?

He then commenc-
ed to soft-shoe in a
style reminiscent of
the great “Bojangles.”
He also gave his audi-
ence a sample of his
ability to pantomime
and dance at the same
time. It’s been said that
he ean make it in the
Big Time if he tries,
and we agree.

The Grand Finale
of the show consisted
of the visiting enter-
tainers taking their
well-deserved bows to
a great ovation. All in all, a wonderful show.

Throughout the summer months, we have paid
tribute to visiting entertainment groups and the
persons responsible for their appearances. Let us
not overlook the change in morale wrought by the
pleasures and emotional impact which the shows
conveyed to the fellows here. Equally important,
was the wonderful conduct and spirit displayed by
the inmate audiences.

We eagerly look forward to next summer’s
shows.
