---
id: "388"
title: "The Unfortunate Love of Jackie Baker"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The 
Unfortunate
Love
of Jackie Baker

by JAMES “Mike” SMITH

Jackie Baker was in love. Never had the flaming,
short-lived passions of his bygone youth stirred
him as did this latest object of his affections. His
joyous antics as he followed the dictates of his love-
stricken heart aroused great interest among his co-
workers. This was quite understandable in view of
the fact that the aforementioned “object of his af-
fections” was a vending machine!

No, he wasn’t crazy—a little eccentric perhaps,
but then, which one of us isn’t? Only one thing
set him apart from other men. He was addicted to
coffee. Many people like coffee, but within Jackie
Baker burned a raving desire for the brown,
stomach-searing liquid, which surpassed the bounds
of the normal coffee drinker. The fulfillment of this
desire became a prime mover in his life and led to
his meeting with “Frances”, the vending machine.

Jackie Baker was a valued employee of the
Gesualdi Mint Company. Because of his value as a
worker, Mr. Gesualdi (The Boss) allowed Jackie to
take coffee breaks outside of the building at ten
o’clock in the mornings. Precisely at that hour,
Jackie Baker would leave his desk, walk down the
corridor, down the stairs, out the door, and across
the street. There he entered a little restaurant with
the exotic name of “Billy’s Grill.”

As stated, Mr. Gesualdi (The Boss) condoned
this practice. However, when the other employees
began to follow Jackie Baker, and the coffee breaks
became longer and longer, he began to view the sit-
nation with some alarm. He regarded himself as a
humanitarian with an understanding of the weak-
nesses of lesser men, but the twice-daily exodus of
the modern Pied Piper and his flock began to cost
the company a considerable amount of money. Hach
trip to the Mecea of the white collar class (the coffee-
house), was reflected by a growing red figure in the
books of Mr. Gesualdi’s accountant.

Then one day the entire production force from
the first floor joined the parade of coffee sippers,
and Mr. Gesualdi (The Boss) decided things would
have to come to a screeching halt. There were two
possible solutions. He could fire Jackie Baker, the
instigator of this daily habit, or he could bring the
coffee into the office. If he fired Jackie Baker, the
other workers, now habit-ridden, might automatic-
ally follow him out of the door, so he decided to
take the advice of Mahomet concerning mountains.

The next morning a large, gleaming coffee vend-
ing machine was installed in the office. <A large red
and white plate proclaimed that this was the latest
model “Sanitary Server,” capable of responding to
vocal stimulus instead of using push buttons or
levers. By mid-morning, the formal name of the
machine was forgotten, and it was christened,
"Frances.”

As the hands of the wall-clock neared the hour
of ten, all eyes were upon Jackie Baker. Jackie’s
eyes were on the clock and “Frances”. Naturally,
he would be the first to use the new machine. At
exactly ten, he rose and approached the machine.
The others remained seated, allowing him to be alone
in his moment of glory. They remained silent as he
read the instructions and placed a coin in the proper
slot. To their horror, nothing happened! The work-
ers moaned as they visualized a coffeeless morning.
Then Jackie Baker re-read the instructions and a
marvellous conversation took place.

Jackie Baker spoke, “One cup of coffee with
cream and sugar, please!”

The machine promptly delivered a steaming cup
of coffee. Then it spoke, “Thank-you, sir!”

As the other workers heard and watched the
wonders produced by the ingenuity of modern elec-
tronics in action, they rushed to the machine, eager
to speak the words which would bring to them a cup
of coffee.

By the next day the mechanical voice of the
vending machine had become a commonplace thing
and the other employees paid no particular notice
when Jackie Baker went to get his coffee. Sud-
denly, they heard a scream, and before their very
eyes, Jackie went raving mad. He dropped his
coffee, spilling it over his new suit, and stared at the
machine.

He kept repeating, “What did you say? What
did you say?”

Two of the older clerks took him by the arm
and despite his protests delivered him to Mr.
Gesualdi. They explained his strange actions at the
machine. Mr. Gesualdi listened patiently, shaking
his head at critical moments, then ordered them to
leave him alone with Jackie Baker. After they had
gone, he used his fatherly approach in an attempt to
discover the reason for Jackie’s strange behavior.

“What happened?” he asked. “Why did you
keep asking the machine what it said?”

“You won't believe me,” answered Jackie Baker
sullenly.

“Of course, I will,” said Mr. Gesualdi. “I know
youre not a liar.”

Jackie Baker hesitated, then said, “It spoke to
me.”

“Yes, I know, it always does,” answered Mr.
Gesualdi. “It’s got a little tape recording inside of
it that says, “Thank you, sir!”

"It didnt!"

“Didn’t what?”

"Didn't say, 'Thank you, sir.' "

“What did it say?” asked Mr. Gesualdi, fearing
the worst.

Jackie Baker blushed, then answered,
‘Thank you, darling!”

“It didn’t?” said Mr. Gesualdi.

“See there, I told you. I knew you wouldn't
believe me.”

Believing it best to humor him, Mr. Gesualdi
said, “But I do. It could happen.” To himself, he
added silently, “In a bughouse !”

“Can I go back to work now?” asked Jackie
Baker. “I feel all right now.”

Mr. Gesualdi asked, “You sure you don’t want
the rest of the day off? Go home and get some
rest ?”’

Ordinarily, Jackie Baker would never have re-
fused such an offer, but today he had more important
business. He had to find out what was going on
with the machine. He said, “I think I'll go back to
work.”

“Well, all right, but take care of yourself,” said
Gesualdi.

That was the day Jackie Baker fell in love. The
major portion of the afternoon he spent in the vicin-
ity of the vending machine. We knew he was Say-
ing something either to himself or the machine since
we could see his lips move, but we couldn’t hear any-
thing definite.

The next day, it was the same thing all over
again. Jackie Baker just wouldn’t leave the ma-
chine. He kept feeding it nickels all day. One
time we heard him call it a gold-digger. In fact
they used to carry on a regular conversation. Not
that any of us ever heard the machine say anything
other than its usual “Thank you, sir.” But Jackie
Baker came right out into the open—said he was in
love with her. We asked him what they talked
about and he answered smugly, “Everything; world
affairs, art, books, you know... .” He claimed she
was the most intelligent female he had ever had the
pleasure of meeting.

Course, we thought he was putting on an act
and it was getting rather tiresome, but Jackie Baker
was a pretty nice fellow, so we humored him. How-
ever, Mr. Gesualdi thought differently on the matter.
He swore that Baker was an outright nut! Mr.
Gesualdi kept trying to catch Jackie in the act of
talking to Frances, so that he could have him put
away. He was always sneaking along behind a desk
or a set of filing cabinets. Jackie Baker claimed he
was being persecuted. He claimed, quite correctly,
that there was no law against making love to a
vending machine.

One day, Mr. Gesualdi caught them right in the
act. Yes, sir, right in the "flagrante delicto," if you
know what I mean!”

We heard him shout suddenly, “Baker! What
did you say?”

"I said, 'I love you!' That's what I said," an-
swered Jackie.

“Love me?”

"Not you, boss—Frances!"

“For the last time—you can’t make love to a
simple, stupid, vending machine!” shouted Mr.
Gesualdi, his face getting redder all the time

“Why not? Is there a law against it?” asked
Jackie. "She loves me!”

“All right, all ready,” shouted Mr. Gesualdi.
“l've had enough of this foolishness. If you can
get that stupid machine to say anything other than
what it’s supposed to, I'll raise your pay ten dollars!”

“I love the man, darling. Now pay him,” said
the machine.

“Who said that? I demand to know who said
that!” roared Mr. Gesualdi.

“Nobody but me, darling,” said Frances.
will you go away and leave us alone?”

Mr. Gesualdi did. Leave them alone, I mean.
He fainted.

The next morning Mr. Gesualdi sent Jackie
Baker on a phony errand to our downtown branch
and called the Sanitary Server Company. Soon, two
men wearing overalls emblazoned, “Repair Service”
entered the office. Mr. Gesualdi took them to the
machine and explained the situation.

“I want you to check the tape recording in this
machine,” he said. “Something is very definitely
wrong with it.”

Working quickly they removed a side panel and
one of the mechanics peered into Frances’ mysterious
interior. He turned to the other, and said, “Give
a look, Joe.”

Joe looked and whistled. He turned to Mr.
Gesualdi. “You say this thing talks?”

“Entirely too much,” answered Mr. Gesualdi
sternly.

“Well, either we’re nuts or you are," answered
the mechanic: This machine can't talk. This is
one of our older models—no tape recording. Some-
body at the plant made a mistake and put the wrong
instruction plate on the front of it. This one can’t
talk a lick." 

Mr. Gesualdi stared at him. "Can't talk, eh?"

“Nope!”

Mr. Gesualdi stared some more. Then he blew
his top. “Well, get this confounded piece of cheap
junk out of my building. Get it out! Right now!
Out! You hear me? Out! Now!”

When Jackie Baker returned and found
“Frances” gone, he stormed into Mr. Gesualdi’s of-
fice with fire in his eye.

“Where is she?’ he hollered. “What did you
do with her?”

Mr. Gesualdi retreated to a position of safety
behind his desk. He smiled cruelly. “She—I mean
‘it’—is back where it came from and good riddance.
Perhaps now you'll do some work for a change.”

“You kidnapper!” shouted Jackie Baker. “Ill
never work for you again, you monster!”

Jackie Baker kept his promise. He left the of-
fice and we never saw him again. There were some
rumors that he had been seen prowling around var-
ious subway stations trying to relocate “Frances”.
Seems the company kept shifting her from location
to location and Jackie Baker was still carrying his
torch.

Mr. Gesualdi hired a new man to take Baker’s
place. Fellow by the name of Elmer Lehman.
Seems to be a pretty nice guy, but he sure does like
his coffee. You oughta see it—every morning at
exactly ten o’clock he leaves his desk, walks down
the corridor, down the stairs, across the street, and
into a little restaurant called “Billy’s Grill.”

Since “Frances” left, Mr. Gesualdi refuses to
allow any vending machines in the building, so nat-
urally, we all follow Elmer Lehman on his daily
journey. However, Mr. Gesualdi doesn’t seem to
mind anymore. In fact, he smiles and tells us to
take our time whenever we go out for coffee. You
see—he bought “Billy’s Grill.’”— THE END
