---
id: "389"
title: "New Landscaping Begins"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
New Landscaping Begins

Inmate-Official cooperation in thinking and
planning will soon bring greenery and nature within
the walls of our Penitentiary.

Recognizing the need for a more decorative
landseape in the yard-area, Dr. M. Morello, Director
of Treatment, and Inmate John Baucco coordinated
ideas which culminated in the much-desired beautifi-
cation of our drab prison yard.

Once the idea was born and constructively de-
signed, materials were needed. Some grass seed was
available from our regular fund. The Burpee Seed
Company, very generously supplied two hundred
pounds of grass seed, a large quantity of flower seed
and shrubbery. Contacted by our Deputy Superin-
tendent, Mr. Joseph Brierley, the Burpee Seed Com-
pany colorfully contributed in bringing a touch of
Americana to our life away from free society. All
of us wish to express our deepest gratitude for this
understanding gesture.

Onee the materials were acquired, manpower
was needed. Three of our more industrious inmates
readily joined John Baucco in offering their services.
We wish to thank Jerry Richardson, John Winkler
and Donald Cooperstein for their kind cooperation.

The productivity of their work is evident in the
growth of grass In numerous areas throughout the
prison. It is, literally, June in January around
K.S.P. We are asking the cooperation of every man
in the Institution. “Please Keep Off the Grass.”
The four men, aforementioned, put a lot of energy
into the work that had to be done. Let us show
them our courtesy and appreciation by our utmost
cooperation.

We want to thank the Nazarcth Hospital for
donating the soil that was needed. It was coinei-
dental that Nazareth happened to be reconstructing
their grounds when our venture was contemplated.

Grant Stewart was a constructive and in-
strumental man in the completion of the many
ramifications, indigenous to such a project. Pub-
licity and public relations were inereased due to his
enthusiasm.

The planting, in addition to beautification, will
be an asset in reducing the dust that is prevalent
throughout the Spring and Summer. The recrea-
tion field will experience a change for the better.
Further planned projects in the program will be
the addition of two bird baths and the construction
of a. fish pond. All Izaak Waltons please restrain
your natural instincts!
