---
id: "390"
title: "Art and Hobby Exhibit"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Art and Hobby Exhibit

Around the first of the year, members of the
Art Class and Craft Shops will have the opportunity
to exhibit their workmanship to the public.

Through the planning of our Official Staff, and
Art Director, Mr. George Redling, examples of Tine
Arts and Craftmanship will be shown to the Public
and Press. It is contemplated that one of the large
Department Stores in the City shall offer their audi-
torium for the exhibit. Thus, placing the inmates’
artistic demonstrations in a class with some of the
better-known artists of the world.

For the Art enthusiasts, this shall be the first
time that their handiwork has been exhibited.
Hobbyeraft has been exhibited in the past, but never
to the extent that the forthcoming show promises.

Indication of the magnitude of the project was
hinted by the visitation of Miss Blanche Day,
Feature Editor of the Germantown Courier, and well
known Free-lance Writer. Miss Day interviewed
the Art Class Members on September 15th, at which
time she was given a preview of the many finished
works that shall be offered for exhibit. Accom-
panied by our Official Staff, Miss Day made her-
self acquainted with the various inmates. Her
warm and cordial approach was well received. It
became quite evident that Miss Day was well quali-
fied for the job of writing an article on our efforts.
Not only is she an excellent writer, but she displayed
her knowledge of Art, gained by pursuit of this
method of expression as a hobby of her own. In
her attempts to “draw out” the individual artists, it
was evident that she was successful. One of her
remarks was reported to this correspondent, and I
believe it is too good to be kept secret. In a com-
ment to our Art Director, Miss Day said, “I was so
surprised at the gentlemanly behavior of those men!”
Miss Day, I am continually surprised at the sup-
posedly well-informed people from free society who
find this unusual.

Accompanying Miss Day, a free-lance photog-
rapher whose name we failed to acquire, and who has
submitted many pictures to Life, Look, and various
other national magazines. He took many pictures of
the various artists and paintings. These photo-
graphs shall be submitted in augmentation of Miss
Day’s article.

The Exhibit shall display our artist’s work in
the mediums of Pastel, Water Color, Oil, Charcoal,
and Colored Pencil. Some of the very fine work
displays the hours of arduous labor that the inmate
utilized in his effort. We believe the work to be of
the finest quality.

It is hoped that the Woodmanship and Craft-
work Departments will be well represented. The
abilities of various inmates are recognized by all
who come in contact with their work.

Items exhibited will be available for purchase.
Representatives of our Institution shall be present,
and will handle all sales transactions at the site of
the Exhibit.
