---
id: "391"
title: "Pen-Grins"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Pen-Grins
by BOB CULLEN

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

When a person is talking to you, it’s impolite to turn
your back on him. Besides, he may have some interesting
gossip.

P.S. He might also have a club!

“Frankly Myers, you're living in the past too much!”

WE'VE HEARD IT BEFORE

As He Tells It:
“Well, | figured I’d get at least twenty grand out of this
joint, but ..."

As It Happened:
It was a candy store and he got $3.72 and a Milky-
Way.

As He Tells It:
“Then I told this lawyer, look, we do this my way or I
get someone else to take the case.”

As It Happened:
He wound up with an extra Ten to Twenty.

As He Tells It:
“So when he threw his left, I countered with a right and
knocked him. . .”

As It Happened:
The other guy slipped and hit his chin on the curb.

“Hey Bill, who’s picture goes on a C-Note?”

WHILE VIEWING TELEVISION

The thing I like most about T. V. is the fact that it it so
true to life. For example:

In The Western Epic
“But John, your job as sheriff doesn’t mean you have to
go in there against five of the meanest killers in the coun-
ey

“Dont try to stop me George, it’s all part of my job.”

In The Crime Classic
“Tell me Inspector, how did you figure out that it was
me who did ite”

“Well, it was quite a difficult case, but, the three eye-
witnesses were of some help.”

In The Soap Opera
“Alice, you'll have to make up your mind. Either you
marry me and enjoy the comforts of my fifty million dol-
lars, or go with Jim and live a miserable pauper’s exist-
ence."

“Your right Louis, and I’m sorry, but my love for Jim is
Stronger than mere money.”

“Christmas Turkey or not, they won't be finished until
next week!”
