---
id: "392"
title: "Penal Press Reviews"
author: "Tietjen, Ralph"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0038.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Penal Press Reviews
by RALPH TIETJEN

THE BULLETIN

I presumed that the clipping on page 26 is for
the inmate population only. If I may, I'll be pre-
sumptuous and ask that in the next issue or so, you
try to get some of your writers to start writing
articles slanted to the people outside. There are
many subjects such as Detainers, Bad Laws, Reha-
bilitation Programs, ete., that need to be brought to
the attention of those in free society.

J.M. McCullough Jr., Commissioner of the Ala-
bama State Board of Correction, has given you a
ereat send-off in this direction and a lot of ammuni-
tion when he states the three factors contributing
to the large population in your state prisons. Don’t
let Mr. McCullough do all the work. Help him by
writing these articles explaining the inmate’s point
of view to the outside world.

An editorial in the Christian Science Monitor,
Sept. 17, 1958, has a quote that should interest you.
I quote the Monitor: “I admit,” said Governor Fol-
som, “that we have got the worst penal system in
the world.”

You can really get started by asking Governor
Folsom to do something about changing the “world’s
worst penal system” in the “world’s best.”

Enjoyed the many articles and items that were
covered in the Sept. issue.

We, too, welcome Jerry Hess for the distaff
side of the inmate story. Good luck in all your fu-
ture reportings on your side of the fence.

Ill close out by asking a question that has been
botherime me Its this: Wid you all really build
that fence that separates you from the distaff side?

AGENDA

After reading through the May-June issue of
the Agenda, I tried my best to find something that
I could get my teeth into in the way of criticism,
constructive criticism that is. Seems to me I failed
for all the articles and items of news were both in-
formative and well-written.

I did find one thing of real importance to the
ECHO on page three of your issue, and that is your
enclosure on the bottom right-hand corner concern-
ing the Agenda being a Prisoner’s Welfare Fund
operation.

This is also true of the ECHO and it should be
stated as such, so the public will be aware of the
fact that their tax dollars are in no way involved.
It is my feeling that we pay our own way.

I would suggest that other Inmate Publeations
follow your example and print the source of their
publication’s fund so that the tax-payer will under-
stand that these publications cost them nothing.

I laughed almost all the way through “Don’t
Rehabilitate Me, De-Institutionalize Me”, that is un-
til I realized just how serious Institutionalization
really is.

“Prison News and Comments” is an enlighten-
ing article and always interesting. “We Prefer
Hard Labor” should be brought to the attention of
sentencing Judges and State Legislatures all over
ne U.S, A,

There are many public-works projects that we
“Cons” could and would be glad of a chance to work
on, for as you say, “give us hard labor, the harder
the better instead of endless sentences.”

Many other articles in your issue merit men-
tion, but due to limited space I must forego this
pleasure.

ENCHANTED NEWS

“Good Time Conflicts” in Kelley’s Editorially
Speaking is really challenging to those who write
the laws of his state.

It is certainly true that “good time” earned is
lost when a man makes parole, and to have this
earned “good time” added to a man’s minimum is
only right.

It is to be hoped that Pennsylvania will soon
enact a good time law. As of now we have no good
time laws on the books excepting where flat sen-
tences are concerned. The great majority of us
must depend upon Executive Clemency.

Both the explanation of your cover and the
cover itself were very well done.

I agree thoroughly with Rusty Reece’s article,
“Critics”. There are many who criticize and cannot
for the life of them be constructive about it.

“We Women” by Mary E. Williams, goes to show
us all what good coverage means. I don’t think
she missed a thing that went on.

RAIFORD RECORD

What I know about silk screen work and art
In general you can put on the head of a pin, but I
know when a cover appeals to the eye. Meeks is
doing a great job in this department.

Everybody who is able to beg, borrow or steal
a copy of your mag will eget a big laugh out of the
jokes done by Dewey Sizemore and Joe Meeks.

Got a chuckle out of Jesse Nelson’s “My Cat.”
We have had a number of cats in this “joint” for
years, all females, believe it or not.

A Tom-Cat got in here the other day on a lum-
ber truck and you would have thought there was a
public-enemy loose within these walls. Custody
wanted to parole this male immediately but I under-
stand he’s still “Wanted”.

LAKE SHORE OUTLOOK

Pve been on the ECHO staff for only a few
months and this is the first time I’ve got hold of
“The Lake Shore Outlook.” I might be excused be-
cause of the number of Penal Press Publications that
we receive, but I doubt it.

“Parole Board Results” is one item that caught
my attention, and one of the listed decisions was:
7 Returned P.V.’s were set 2 years to Full Time.
This imphes that these seven men had a larger maxi-
mum yet to serve, but were given this reduction in
sentence to full time by the Parole Board. Many of
our Technical P. V.’s, who have only stepped on a
Parole Rule to be brought back, would be glad to
receive such a break.

The editorial on “The Parolee’s Job” was an
informative piece of work. We liked it.

I was upset when I glimmed “Miss 4th of July”,
but on turning the page I got a gander at I.S. P.’s
Commissary List. I almost had a fit of apoplexy.
I went through the “Tobacco” List like a flash, for
I don’t smoke. I skipped through “Medications”
with a sickly grin as I rubbed my oversized bunion.
Then, my troubles really began! Under “Grocer-
ies”, Bananas, Oranges, Gee! Peanut Butter, Pimen-
to Glass Cheese, Limburger Glass Cheese, Sandwich
Spread, Tea, Sugar, COFFEE? Boy, oh Boy, that
Coffee did it.

We had a rumor going around here that we
were going to get Coffee (I hate that word), but just
lately we were told that it was only a rumor and
that we not only weren’t going to get it, but, the
Western State Pen was not going to renew its con-
tract for Coffee when the present one ran out. We
hope this may be reeonsidered.

I may not be the first to congratulate R. L. Mose-
ley on his article, but I do not want to be the last,
either. This is the type of able and penetrating writ-
ing that we need throughout the Penal Press so that
the public can know of and understand this problem
of a human being (in this case a Judge) who sets
himself above the laws on the books, and as you say,
“Such laws would seem to recognize the possibility
of extenuating circumstances, of reform, or sufficient
punishment, and last, but not least, that mercy is
also human quality and may be exercised." — THE END
