---
id: "393"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0039.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For the Echo Record

SUPREME COURT JUDGE ADVISES
ON PAROLE POINTS AND
CHARACTER TRAITS

Detroit, Michigan — Speaking before the 88th
Annual Congress of the American Correctional
Association at Detroit, Michigan, Supreme
Court Justice George Edwards, of Michigan,
spoke of the qualities parole authorities should
seek in examining men applying for parole. He
stressed four points in his talk:

1. Self-discipline

2. A sense of achievement

3. Moral and religious values

4. Ability to make worthwhile friends.

The American Correctional Association
dedicates itself to seeking better, more effec-
tive means of rehabilitating prison inmates.

LOCAL JUDGE DEFENDS PARDON BOARD

Philadelphia, Pa. — In a recent address, Judge
Curtis Bok, of Common Pleas Court 6 of Phila-
delphia, Pa., lashed out at the local neswpapers
for their attacks against the Pennsylvania Par-
don Board.

“A local newspaper,” stated Judge Bok,
“says that the Governor released sex fiends,
burglars, murderers and robbers from prison.”
Judge Bok asked, “Whom else would you re-
lease from prison? There are no Sisters of
Mercy or Protestant Bishops in prison.”

“I go to the prisons and see these people,”
Judge Bok said. “It is easy to kick a convict
when he is down. He cannot sue for libel.
Therefore, we get halftruths and lies.”

LITTLE GREEK GIRL HAS 4800 FATHERS

San Quentin, Calif.—4800 convicts of San
Quentin Prison adopted a little Greek Girl.
Her name is Diamanto. Diamanto is ten years
old. She lives in a one-room house in a village
in Greece.

The inmates of San Quentin, have arranged
for her full eare under the Foster Parent Plan
for four years. It has been paid for, the receipt
is on file with the Council.

Future plans for the girl, as outlined by
Council Chairman Carl Brown, include a Christ-
mas Party for the entire family. Diamanto will
be the hostess; she may have what she likes
and whom she likes. A package will be sent
direct for Christmas.

Editors Note: The EASTERN ECHO congrat-
ulates the men of San Quentin for their
GREATNESS.
