---
id: "394"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0043.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE
EASTERN ECHO
MAIL BAG

THESE WE APPRECIATE

Dear Editor:

I have called your “EASTERN ECHO” Mag-
azine to the attention of a few friends of mine, and
also to the public that I come in contact with.

You and your staff are to be congratulated for
a fine job. Keep up the good work.

R. Anthony Toto, Esq.

Dear Editor:

I have read with great interest the Fall edition
of THE EASTERN ECHO. Your publication shows
both restraint, thought, clarity of value and an ear-
nest endeavor to present to individuals the emotions
and reactions of individuals who are in an ungrate-
ful and unpleasant position and who are making
sincere and worthwhile efforts to clarify and better
their position in our community ...

Paul N. Gardner, Esq.

ABOUT PENAL PRESS PROGRESS

Dear Editor:

On August 20, Charles Van doren, the Co-
lumbia professor, made a beautiful plea against 
the death penalty on Dave Garroway's TODAY 
show on Channel 3 (National Broadcasting Com-
pany).

I thanked him for his stand on abolition, and
sent him the Penal Press.

On Wednesday morning, October 8, Mr. Van
Doren was on the TODAY program again. He
presented the pena! press to his nationwide viewers.
I did not see him, unfortunately, but Mrs. Herman
Pollock of the Children’s Aid Society said that he
held up the PRESIDIO and THE EASTERN ECHO.
He told his views about the fine writing, the humor,
the insight into human problems and into the prob-
lems of rehabilitation. He showed the pictures
and the cartoons.

Mrs. Pollock said he spoke with feeling, and
gave the penal press a most favorable introduction.

Mrs. Dorothy Scheer
Philadelphia, Penna.

FALL ISSUE COMMENTS

Dear Editor:
I read the “The Minority Walk a Lonely Street”’
by James Smith and found it a strong, well written
article.

Frederick G. Lieb
St. Petersburg, Florida

Dear Editor:

Your article “Employer Needed’ by Frank
Terres, is an interesting innovation. If successful
in its goal (Obtaining the help of prospective em-
ployers for men who need jobs to complete their
parole plan.—Editor), you should publish results
so that other penal press editors could follow your
lead ...

K. W. L. McAuliffe
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
