---
id: "395"
title: "Situations Wanted"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1958"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "3"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1958_body0043.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SITUATIONS WANTED

We are presenting these men, by number only. Their
names and records may be obtained by contacting Mr.
Edward A. Rufus, Parole Officer at Po-5-1106. Mr. Rufus
will gladly supply you with any information you desire.
Further, he will make arrangements for personal interviews
upon your request.

D-5844—-DENTAL TECHNICIAN

Articulation and repair specialist. Accomplished at set-
up finishing, coil out, packing, investing and waxing.
“Hot prospect—’’ This 36-year-old man has all the facil-
ities that a modern laboratory desires. Exceedingly ambi-
tious and punctual. A ‘“‘sticker’’ to the job. Quick and
efficient. His three years experience has been under the
supervision of an expert with over forty years in Dental
Prosthetics. He also studied under experts in the field
who represent the Durallium Company and Jelenko. Clean,
neat, and soft spoken. High school education and has a
dependent at home.

ADVISE: Get this man NOW! A “sought after’ type.

E-6110—TRUCK DRIVER (LIGHT OR PANEL)

Here is a lad, 23 years old, who can become a valuable
service man for any company. Good past work record. Has
been employed by Linton’s, Lit Brothers and private coffee
concern. Has experienced hard labor, as well as required
skills. Can work as manual laborer, is excellent second
cook, but would particularly fit as a panel truck driver and
service man. Young, strong, single. Decent type boy. Im-
prisoned through unwiseness of youth. Not the designed
criminal type. Would qualify him as a boy of character
who wishes to prove his qualifications. He has driven truck
for coffee concern. Will work hard. Will receive guidance
through Parole Advisor and Agent. Not eligible for draft
due to parole status.

ADVISE: Excellent pontentialities. Length of service to
you, umlimited. Applicable for warehouse work with driv-
ing duties. Drug store service and delivery or department
store stock boy. When asked what he would do for his em-
ployer, the boy replied, “Anything.” Enough said.

E-8393—-CHAUFFEUR, TRUCK DRIVER (HEAVY EXP.)

Here is a man qualified for most anything. While in
prison served as a barber and waiter. In good standing with
Truck Drivers’ Union. Long experience with local news-
paper. Good work record. Not fired from past position.
Recommendations from past employment. Has cab driver
experience. 40 years of age, with two dependents. Desires
newspaper truck work, but will work at anything for which
he is qualified. Will rejoin union. Accepts responsibility
readily. Familiar with city streets and localities.

ADVISE: Make good dispatch man as well as excellent
truck driver. Recommend to all local newspapers. Excel-
lent chauffeur possibilities. Age and dependency insure re-
sponsibility and long service.

G-0395—-CLERK TYPIST

A Young lad, 23 years of age, capable of being trained
for your needs. Father deceased, Mother will be dependent
upon his earnings. Three years high school, plus typing
and business law schooling. Now studying Shorthand and
English. 20 months experience assistant bookkeeping.
Types 40 words per minute. Good prospect for large com-
pany. Has leg disability which makes him draft exempt.
Disability restricts capability of strenuous labor, but will
not deter regular office duties. Clean, neat and intelligent.
Willing to learn. Not a “know-it-all’’.

ADVISE: Excellent possibilities for clerical duties in of-
fice, with view of training for job of higher responsibility.
