---
id: "399"
title: "Table of Contents"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo
Vol. 4   Spring of 1959   No. 1

Joseph J. Cuff, Editor
James Morrison, Managing Editor 
Henry Myers, Associate Editor
Frank H. Terres, Feature Editor
Joseph McNeair, Sports Editor 
Harold Lee Warren, Exchange Editor
James ‘‘Mike’’ Smith, Circulation Manager
Walter Stepper and John Greco, Photographers

Staff Writers: Robert F. Cullen, Nicholas B. Harper, Joe Brown and Thomas Williams.

CONTENTS

ARTICLES  MISGUIDED MISSILES                    Frank H. Terres    4
          TESTERS to STAFFERS to CHANCE       James "Mike" Smith  10
          MANAGEMENT’S PART IN MODERN PENOLOGY    Joseph J. Cuff  14
          CRIMINAL LAW                                   Reprint  16
          TIME AND THE MAN                       Thomas Williams  21

FEATURES  LET’S MAKE UP OUR MINDS — An Editorial  Joseph J. Cuff   2
          FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT’S DESK    William J. Banmiller   3
          EASTERN CHESS EXPERTS
             VIE WITH NOTABLES                   Frank H. Terres   6
          PROFILE                                 Thomas Williams  8
          EASTERN TUNESMITHS CRASH BIG TIME                        9
          FESTIVAL OF MUSIC                                       13
          EVERY VOICE HAS ITS DAY                    Henry Myers  32
          THE CHAIR’S PLEA                         George Melden  33

STORIES   THE BEES OF MAHA DAYO                      James Daunt  18
          BEST TAIL FORWARD                   James "Mike" Smith  28

RELIGION  CHRISTIANITY’S GREATEST ARGUMENT  Rev. Gordon Reynolds  17
          WORSHIP: A PRIVILEGE AND A JOY     Rev. John J. McHugh  17

SPORTS    THE EASTERN ECHO SPORTS SECTION                   22 to 25
          ALSO THE ECHO MAIL BAG                                   2
          SNOOPY                                                  26
          THE J. WILLIAM WHITE AWARD                              30
          PEN GRINS Bob Cullen                                    31
          PENAL PRESS REVIEWS                 Harold Lee Warren   34
          FOR THE ECHO RECORD                                     35

          COVER BY MORRISON

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
David L. Lawrence, Governor Anne X. Alpern, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner — Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY
William J. Banmiller, Superintendent

Dear Reader:

What are the policies
of our daily newspa-
pers? Do they adhere
to these avowed  poli-
cies? Answers to these
very inportant ques-
tions are offered inMis-
guided Missiles, on P-4

Classification’s Stut-
tering Combination,
Testers to Staffers to
Chance, appears in this
issue’s lineup on P-10.
Can our State ‘‘go to
its bench’’ for the need-
ed change? Can YOU,
our readers, offer a sub-
stitute? Try it,—and
let us know the final
score.

What is the part that
Prison Manage ment
must play in Modern
Penology in order to
have a successful reha-
bilitation program in
Our prisons? Manage-
ment’s Part in Modern
Penology, P-14, expres-
ses ome wiew, IIs it
wrong? Why?

Time in relation to a
prisoner is discussed on
P21) in Time and the
Man. On P-16 we offer
Criminal Law, a reprint
from THINK Magazine.
These two articles lend
themselves to the causa-
tion of constructive
thinking.

Two accounts of re-
cent inmate-public do-
ings here at ESP, Hast-
ern Chess Experts Via
With Notables and
Sportsmen’s Dinner, ap-
pear on Pages 6 and 28,
respectively.

There are two sides
to this and every story.
One shouts ‘Kill Them,’
while the other asks,
SCAre Wow  Wiatlowtt
Sin??? When you read
Every Voice Has Its
Day, on P-32, what side
will you take?

Other features and
news items round out
this the Spring of 1959
Issue,—one we hope
you will enjoy through-
out.

THE EASTERN ECHO IS A PRISONERS WELFARE FUND PUBLICATION.
IT IS PRODUCED AT NO COST TO THE STATE’S TAXPAYERS.

THE EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary at
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Its Editors, or the Institution itself, cannot be held responsible for
plagiarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission to
re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.

COVER

Spotting the face of
North America, dots re-
present Members of the
Penal Press.
