---
id: "400"
title: "Let's Make Up Our Minds: An Editorial"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?

Let's Make Up Our Minds

Someday, in the not too distant future, law makers, law enforce-
ment agencies, and judicial bodies are going to have to make up their
minds whether they want to rehabilitate convicts or merely isolate them
from society for long periods. The word, rehabilitation, is the most over-
worked and meaningless word in the penal system, but since it is the
tag generally applied to this new-century theory we’ll use it also. If
a man is to be rehabilitated, why must the process be such a lengthy
one? It’s rather silly to tell a man who has ten or fifty years to serve
that he isn’t being punished, he is being rehabilitated. And that the
lengthy sentence is for his own good.

The old “lock ‘em up and throw away the key” concept of penology
appears to be gaining ground. In most states, lengthy sentences are
still the rule, rather than the exception. Perhaps this long sentence
thing had some merit back when Dillinger was running around the
country robbing banks, and ‘terrorizing the country.’ But Pve been
unable to uncover one scrap of evidence that would indicate that
Dillinger ever invaded the East. Isn’t it defeating the purpose of justice
to continue to lock men up for such long periods of time simply because
the F.B.I.. statistics show . . . etc. Depending on who interprets the
statistics, statistics can lie and do lie. People are not digits that can be
traced on graphs, although this is getting to be a popular belief among
the many ‘ologists, that over populate the prisons today.

We’re not quite sure what it is the state and courts expect of us
while we serve such long sentences. We know, of course that they
would like to see every one of us rehabilitated. But their manner in
going about helping us to acquire this status sometimes leaves us be-
wildered. Can a twenty-year old youngster become rehabilitated with
the knowledge always before him that when he goes home he will be a
middle-aged ancient?

There may be something to the modern methods of rehabilitating
prisoners, but we fail to understand what it is. Punishment for punish-
ment’s sake? Rehabilitation? Which ever it’s going to be, let’s have it
and stop hiding behind these false masks. 

Joseph J. Cuff, Editor
