---
id: "402"
title: "The Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE ECHO MAIL BAG

Dear Editor:
Thank you for your appreciative Ietter.
I am glad that something got stirred up
by my piece on the Penal Press and I
look forward to reading your next issue.
Charles Van Doren,
N.B.C. TV

Thanks, Mr. V., for your assist in
awakening the people to a problem that
faces everyone.

To the Boys in Eastern:

I am writing this little note to you, to
thank all the boys in Eastern State Peni-
tentiary, for the wonderful things they
said and did for my grandson, Jimmy
Moss, Jr. It's so nice to realize that
Jimmy has such friends. It’s wonderful.

Thank you and God bless all of you.

Mrs. Ceil Moss and Jimmy Jr.
Luzerne, Penna.

Letters such as this make our days
happier.

Dear Mr. Cuff:

Recently one of the inmates at the
State Penitentiary at Graterford suggested
that I send for a copy of the EASTERN
ECHO, I did so.

You have a splendid publication. I have
taken a great interest in penal work, and
you will observe that I have suggested
that you send a copy to Others, Inc., which
is a non-profit foundation.

“The Story of Others, Inc.’’ is enclosed,
and will give you some idea of the type of
 work in which we are engaged.
I will be looking forward to the ECHO
for the next year.

Maurice C. Smith,
OTHERS, INC.

We hope the time will soon come when
‘‘others will think of OTHERS.’’

Dear Mr. Cuff:

I am writing for the Lighthouse staff
to thank the committee of the EASTERN
ECHO for the subscription to your maga-
zine.

We shall read it with interest and want
you to know we were proud to receive this
award.

Paul Jans, Headworker,
THE LIGHTHOUSE,
Philadelphia, Penna.

We are nonored to count THE LIGHT-
HOUSE oganization among our friends.
Your wonderful work should have the
fullest support of everyone.

Dear Sirs:

My Dad, Joe Cederholm, told me about
the chess games played between your men
and the Franklin Mercantile Chess Club
a few weeks ago. These games gave him
much pleasure; he looks forward to another
round of chess with you soon.

He gave me a copy of the ECHO, which
I enjoyed and I would like to read more
issues.

Ernestine Resnick,
New York, N.Y.

The chess games were enjoyed by all,
we’re looking forward to a return match.
Thanks for the plaudits.

Dear Sir:

We cannot help noticing the absence of
the EASTERN ECHO on our exchange
list. We would appreciate an exchange
of publications, effective this month, if
possible.

Congratulations on your many reprints
among Penal Press members, and for your
fine work in promoting the Dorothy Scheer
program last year.

Best of luck to you and the staff through-
out the coming year.

H. C. Brown, Editor,
THE REFLECTOR

Our latest issues are in transit. Sorry
we overlooked you.
Keep up the good work.

THEY HAVE A POINT

An archaeologist just back from Pompeii
reports that he has dug up an old peni-
tentiary in which he found a lot of petri-
fied prisoners.

"This," says the archaeologist, "is
perhaps the earliest evidence we have of
hardened criminals.’’

—Via THE PRESIDIO

In the famed Boot Hill cemetery at
Tombstone, Arizona, where a good many
western bad-men le buried, one epitaph
recognizes bluntly and simply the error
of society, ‘‘Hanged by Mistake.’’ Those
three words constitute one of the strongest
arguments against capital punishment.

—Via THE BEACON
