---
id: "403"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "Banmiller, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Superintendent's Desk:

We must realize that 95% of men are
eventually released from prison. Their accept-
ance if they show good faith is important. They
must eat and earn a living the same as any
other person. We don’t deny that some will
never profit by understanding and a good pro-
gram in prison. I speak of the majority with
whom we are concerned. We have not yet
reached the millenium. We must rid ourselves
of the obsession that the criminal’s guilt, found
or acknowledged, absolves us and absolves so-
ciety from the responsibility for positive regenerative treatment for
him. Such a course will require extensive education, not only of the
public generally, but also of the Bar, the Bench and the Press.

When a Court fixes a sentence, it is in effect predicting a time when
an offender will be ready to be released. The Psychiatrist does not
venture to foretell on the admission of a patient suffering from a form
of mental illness which he believes to be curable, the precise date when
the patient will be so improved as to warrant his discharge. He will
have procured a detailed medical, mental and social history of the pa-
tient and unlike the Court, he will know intimately the facilities of the
institution and he can control the routine and treatment of the patient
and will himself see him frequently.

Our Criminal law and penological concepts of treament are very
old. It is even today deemed as something eternal and unchangeable.
They have considered the act committed rather than the individual
offender, his make-up and his need for treatment. To administer it was
the comparatively small task of determining guilt then alloting the
dose of punishment to the degree of crime. The criminal act rather
than the criminal was measured.

For this reason, we must recognize that science has entered our
field to a greater degree than ever before. Through Psychiatry, Psy-
chology, Sociology and Social Work, we are now seeing the behavior
of the individual and we have new tools for case study and treatment.
There is a shift in emphasis from the act to the individual, from punish-
ment measured by crime to treatment aimed at readjustment.

Until our sentence structure meets this salutary thinking, we must
do what we can with judicial predictions. At Eastern we set up our
type of custody within a frame-work of a relaxed, informal and less
rigid program than might be expected in the case of institutions which
are housing many serious custodial risks. Yet there is no loss of pro-
tection for the institution and society and good programs, we feel,
are in operation.

THE E.S.P. STORY

The building of E.S.P. was begun in 1822 and the cornerstone was laid on May 22,
1823. The edifice that it marked is the oldest Pennsylvania penal institution in
continuous use since its first prisoner was received on October 25, 1829.
