---
id: "404"
title: "Misguided Missiles"
author: "Terres, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
MISGUIDED MISSILES

by FRANK H. TERRES

Recent editorial campaigns by local papers, are
“blasting off” with attacks upon our state lead-
ers in connection with paroles and commuta-
tions awarded inmates of our state and county penal
institutions. The missiles are launched from their
pads, week after week, to explode upon our citizenry
with a shower of hot, angry words, developed in the
laboratories of the scientists so-skilled in the manu-
facture of misconeceiving phraseology and half-truths.
The assumptions are based on supposition, and the
implications are phrased as questions. Thus, they
escape legal retaliation, and at the same time, plant
the seeds of suspicion upon the actions of our state
officials. This method of clever distortion is easily
penetrated by the informed. However, to the unin-
formed who may be emotionally seeking a scapegoat
for the local crime situation, it can be a dangerous
source of information.

If you will read the editorials carefully, you
will note that it is difficult to discern their implication.
Is it the individual authorities that are being eriti-
cized, or the State Penal System? Is it their belief
that the Governor, Attorney General and Pardon
Board are using unwise judgement? Or, is it the be-
lief of the writers that a commutation of sentence
should not be given to anyone, in any instance, at any
time? Perhaps it is the political belief of the state
officials that is being attacked. Whatever the intent,
the articles are without justification.

Here is a sample of the trend of these attacks,
taken from a Philadelphia Daily editorial that was
published on December 11, 1958. ‘‘Why should
Leader save murderers from the Hlectric Chair or
Commute Life Sentenees?’’ Yes, that was the
question posed. Inasmuch as there was no attempt
to supply the answer, we can only assume they are
ignorant of the facts concerning the ramifications of
a sentence commutation. To launch an _ attack,
editorially, without all of the pertinent facts is
similar to launching a Guided Missile without its
integral parts. Either one can result in a dangerous
explosion.

The implication of the above quoted question,
leads the uninformed to believe that Mr. Leader, in
a spirit of magnanimity, can—and does—at his own
diseretion, without the recommendation of officials
versed in Penology, Psychology, Education, Psychia-
try and Custody, choose a few names at random from
the Fleshpots of prisons, and decides that he shall
release them. So deciding, he acts and they are
released. But, fortunately for you in free society,
it isn’t possible. The Governor of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, does not have such power. Our
legislators, who conceived and developed the system
of Pardons, Commutations and Parole, were learned
men. They were not newspaper reporters, that is
true. However, they were learned men in their own
field. Before introducing our present Penal System,
they studied the correctional methods utilized from
5000 B.C., to date. The adjustments and corrections
made in the Penal System of our State are too
numerous to mention. However, the current system
is founded on the basis that it is more in keeping with
our age of civilization and democratic nature to save
a man, than it is to destroy one. Individual counsel-
ing, therapy and reeducation are the methods of cor-
rection being applied. The effectiveness of this
program exceeds any system that has ever been
devised in the past. It is directed toward the com-
plete rehabilitation of the individual, by new self-
understanding and insight. The end result being a
constructive, law-abiding citizen. Between the incep-
tion of a convicted offender into a penal institution,
and his release by commutation, parole or completion
of his maximum sentence, he is subjected to an intense
series of microscopic tests and close supervision. ‘To
be able to deceive the battery of Custodial Officers,
Job Supervisors, Psychiatrists, Psychologists, and
other officials as to his mental attitude, and personal
demeanor is exceptional. We admit, that it has
been done. However, the percentage of failures
compiled on men on parole is insignificant when
associated with the percentage who have justified the
faith of the penal authorities. It is unfortunate that
the newspapers did not see fit to permit its readers
the benefit of these percentages derived from research.
If such percentages had been presented, it would have
been in keeping with the platform of one of the
papers which reads (in part) “to be just, to be fair
and above all to be unswervingly independent.”
However, it may have been an oversight on their
part. Therefore, we shall present some interesting
facts to be considered. I shall quote. from “The
Quality Of Merey” by Andre L. Paschedag, as pub-
lished in the Summer Edition of The Eastern Echo,
15S.

“In a less emotional approach we have available
statistics which concern themselves with a group of
murderers who entered the Eastern State Peniten-
tiary between 1900 and 1950.

“During that period 621 “lifers” were received,
of which 89 were transferred to other institutions,
and their subsequent fate unknown. Of the remain-
ing 532, 76 or 14% died in prison, 59 or 11% were
transferred to the Hospital for the Criminally In-
sane, and 113 or 21% are still serving time at this
institution. In other words, 46% of the men have
not seen freedom since their sentencing. Not all
murderers are immediately released to run the
streets, aS Some newspapers would have you believe.

“And what of those who are paroled? Of the
original group of 5382, 284 were paroled as of this
printing. Only 21 or 7% have violated the terms of
their parole and been returned to prison. A further
breakdown demonstrates that of the men convicted
between 1940 and 1950 and subsequently released on
parole, none have been returned as violators.”

In relation to the release of all men placed on
parole I shall quote from a letter received from
Paul J. Gernert, Chairman, Pennsylvania Board of
Parole.

At the close of the year on May 31, 1957, there
were 5,345 parolees under active supervision (not
counting 57 cases deported.) Of this number 4,401
or 82.3% were in good standing and 944 or 17.7%
were delinquent either as unconvicted violators, con-
victed violators, or absconders.”

Just think, 4,401 of these men were men who
justified the faith of the Parole Board’s decision.
This is a much brighter picture than our local news-
papers present.

A prisoner released on parole is subject to
parole restrictions until expiration of his maximum
sentence. For a lifer, this would technically be until
he died.

We wish to establish the faets concerning the
commutation of a man’s prison sentence. Before a
man is permitted to apply for commutation, he must
have an exemplary prison record of conduct. He
must submit papers to the Pardon Board, two months
before his case is to be heard, supplying all infor-
mation relative to his crime and information as to
where he will reside if commutation is granted. The
case is placed in the hands of the Parole Department,
who investigate the particulars and confer with the
battery of prison officials who have had the individual
under close surveillance. The District Attorney’s
Office, in whose district the man was sentenced. The
Judge who sentenced him and the complainant or
plaintiff, are all notified that the individual prisoner
has applied for his release. In most cases, his request
for commutation is unopposed by these parties.
However, all facts — pro or con— are presented ‘to
the Board of Pardons for their approval or dis-
approval. The Commutation Board will set a date
upon which the individual’s case will be heard. At
this time, arguments are heard—for and against - the
applicant. If three (3) of the four (4) Board
members agree to approve his request for commuta-
tion — then — and only then —it reaches the desk
of the Governor. 

To ask why the Governor of our State would sign
such requests, after they have traveled this circuitous
route, is to ask why the President of The United
States would approve a Bill that has been previously
approved by The House of Representatives, The
United States Senate, The Supreme Court and each
of his Cabinet Members. Certainly, the Governor
should have confidence in the research and fact
findings of his staff and their subordinates.

The percentage of successful rehabilitative efforts
seems to justify the actions of the Parole Board,
Pardons Board and Governor Leader. However,
contrary to the aforementioned percentages, the
editorial of December 11th advised that the Dope
Pusher quickly returned to his villainous traffie upon
receiving commutation. Mention was made of Sex-
Criminals and Hold-Up men as well. It was indicated
that all of these men were immediately going to set
up shop in the old store. Naturally, if the editoria-
lists had investigated the parole percentages more
thoroughly, they would realize the figures included
men who had been originally convicted of such
crimes.

No man is released from prison (unless he has
completed his maximum sentence) until all authorities
believe that he has the intent, will, equipment and
determination to become a good citizen. Men on
parole are subject to rules and regulations, as well as
surveillance, above and beyond the ordinary rules
and regulations cf social conformity. Our system of
Penology, which seems to be under ridicule, is being
used as a criterion by foreign countries. Our sen-
tences are more severe than those issued in other
countries (of similar moral ethics) for identical
crimes. The newspaper headlines assume tabloid pro-
portions and style in announcing the release of men
via the method of commutation. They use the
words “MURDERERS RELEASED and DOPE
PUSHERS SET FREE’’. However, they do not
advise that all of the factors or, only a part of the
man’s sentence has been reduced. A man released
on commutation of his Minimum Sentence is far
from being a free man. He is released into the
custody of Parole Authorities until his maximum has
expired. Therefore, a man who has a sentence of from
20 to 40 years, and is released on commutation after
serving 15 years, must remain on parole for 25 years.
One slip, and he will be returned to prison. This
may mean that he will have to serve the remaining 25
years in Jail. In the case of a “lifer”, he must re-
main on Parole for the rest of his life. The life of a
man on parole can never be misconstrued with
freedom.

I could go on, and on, by introducing fact after
fact that support the recent commutations as being
sound judgment. Mistakes in judgment have been
made in the past. That is not denied. Nor is it
denied that there will be mistakes made in the future.
No system is infallible. However, the percentage
figures are an overwhelming testimony to the sound-
ness of the overall Commutation System, and to those
who administer it.

In view of the constant unsupported attacks, I
was curious as to the platform adopted by the news-
papers. So, I read one. It was impressive, noble,
and one of high morality and ethies. It is possessed
of the same granite qualities of the Platforms from
which we launch our Guided Missiles. Unfortunately,
the products launched from the respective Platforms
are not as accurate as we would have them. They
wobble and go off course. In some eases, the mis-
euided missiles have created havoe with their beauti-
ful, staunch Platforms. — THE END
