---
id: "405"
title: "Eastern Chess Experts Vie with Notables"
author: "Terres, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0008.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
by FRANK H. TERRES

Eastern
Chess
Experts
Vie
With
Notables

Moving into the majors with surprising
strength, our Institutional Chess representatives are
proving themselves likely candidates for the highly-
regarded Philadelphia Chess League, by providing
worthy competition to member clubs.

On October 28th, the Eastern Chess Club played
host to one of the strongest Chess Clubs in the Hast.
Our boys emerged from the fray with a very satis-
fying—DRAW! The Franklin Mercantile Chess
Club of Philadelphia was hard pressed to avert de-
feat. As the evening’s contest neared completion, all
eyes centered on the Number One Board. The score
of completed matches was, 4 wins for Hastern, 4
wins for Franklin and one draw. The single re-
maining game in process was that between Hastern’s
Marty Pearson, and Franklin’s Anthony Cantone.
Cantone was ranked sixth in the Intercollegiate
Shampionships of last December. This was the
“clincher” match. Both men proved themselves
equal to both task and pressure. After multiple
maneuvers, the game ended in a draw, thereby re-
sulting in a draw match.

Sporting their newly-won reputation, Hastern
challenged another member of the Philadelphia
Chess League. On January 10th, the Chess Club
played host to The American Legion Post +396,
located at Milner and Orthodox Street. However,
this worthy member of the League came well-
informed and well-prepared. The sagacity of our
players was known to the Legionnaires, and Eastern
was not underrated. Surprisingly, and coincident-
ally, the play progressed in the same pattern as did
the match with Franklin. Going into the last Board,
it was all even. Four wins for Eastern, Four wins
for the Legionnaires, with two draws. Who com-
manded the one Board remaining as the deciding
factor? You guessed it! Our own Marty Pearson
again held the “pressure seat”. Opposing Marty
was the able strategist, Felix Cinkus. The battle
waged with move and counter-move. Cinkus grab-
bed the initiative and held on to his advantage tena-
ciously, and wisely. Capitalizing on his freedom of
movement, Mr. Cinkus parried Marty’s Knight
thrusts and freed his Pawns for a “sideline rush.”
This sealed the victory for the Legionnaires and se-
eured for them a hard-fought, well-earned victory.

It would not be fair to choose for special praise
only those members of our Club who won victories,
for those who lost also forced the opposition to its
utmost before relinquishing the battle. Therefore,
praise is due cach and every one of the men who rep-
resent us. In the two matches, here reported, we
offer congratulations to “Marty” Pearson, Tom
Brawner, "Andy" Paschedas, “Bill” Hallowell,
“Mike” Quinn, “Tommie” Williams, “Bill” Mosley,
Floyd Jackson, Allen Colbert, Nick Harper, “Al”
Rade, William Harvey, Howard Brockway, and
Walter Greene. These men have done a wonderful
job in representing our Institution. Not only has
their manner of play been inspiring, but the way that
they conduct themselves and their presentation to
“free” society, is exemplary.

We wish to thank the Franklin Mereantile, and
American Legion Chess Clubs for affording us eve-
nings of good Chess and pleasant company. We
would like to name each individual in your fine
associations, but space does not allow us that cour-
tesy. However, may we say we enjoyed our friendly
rivalry and good fellowship, and look forward to
many more evenings of such pleasure. We wish to
include in our thanks the members of the Officers’
Mess who have provided the contestants with re-
freshment during the intermissions. Sandwiches,
coffee and cake are welcome additions to the festive
contests. — THE END

TOO LATE

Results of Chess matches played on Feb. 21st and
Feb. 28th will be published in the next issue.
