---
id: "406"
title: "Profile..."
author: "Williams, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Striving for a better future without
looking back at yesterday’s youth, — a new
beginning for a new person.

PROFILE ... 
by THOMAS WILLIAMS

William “Edward” Baity walked into the gray
structure of this prison ten years ago,—to begin a
life sentence. Like the majority of long-termers, his
downeast expression spoke knowingly of the many
years of confinement ahead. His look was one of
disbelief, rather than one requesting pity or express-
ing bitterness. Somewhere in his mind echoed the
questions: Where, when and why did I really go
wrong? What was the starting point? These and
many more questions plagued this youthful offender.
Yet, in a sense, “Turk” was something of an excep-
tion. From that first moment he refused to let these
questions hinder him in his quest to prove himself
to humanity, his family and to himself.

Turk started the long trek constructively. Over
a period of ten years he has built a splendid prison
achievement record. His optimistic attitude and
emotional stability are amazing to both prison per-
sonnel and inmates alike. His cheerful countenance
has been a souree of inspiration to many of those
around him.

One case in point dealt with another inmate
who, through emotional setbacks, had reached the
breaking point. He was on the verge of breaking
the thin line of sanity. The main cause: his long
sentence and the uncertainty of it. Turk was one
of his personal associates. Through daily conversa-
tions and constant cheering, Turk soon lifted him
out of his lethargic state. Soon afterward, we were
amazed at the boundless energy and exuberant per-
sonality displayed by this previously dejected soul.

There are many acts and deeds of kindness per-
formed within these walls that pass unrecognized be-
eause of their seeming unimportanee. Only the
persons who benefit from these charitable acts can
attest to their real importance.

William Baity is the personification of this hu-
mane trait. A modest man, he has taken his actions
as a matter of course, believing that, “Acts of kind-
ness toward their fellow man should be an instine-
tive trait in all human beings.” This writer has had
the opportunity to observe this man over the period
of his confinement. Turk’s sincerity truly reveals his
inner character, one well exemplified by his physi-
eal deeds.

Throughout his term of imprisonment Turk has
excelled in many fields, of which any one may be the
reward for his tireless endeavor. He has maintained
a steady pace in acquiring the art of sign painting;
is currently enrolled in general high school; and he
is also attending Mr. Redling’s Art Class. His regu-
lar employment is in the Construction-Maintenance
Department where he has been employed for six
years (specializing in masonry). As if this weren’t
enough, he has also played trumpet in the institution-
al band for a number of years.

Born in Philadelphia in 1928 during the lean
years of the depression, Turk was beset by heart-
ache at a tender age, being placed in a foster home
due to family poverty. At the age of eighteen he
enlisted in the armed services, achieving a splendid
service record. For a man with so much creative
skill it seems ineredible that one, twisted, broken
moment could interrupt his upward climb. But it
did! Soon after he was honorably discharged he ran
afoul of the law and was sentenced to life imprison-
ment. Yet, he has not let his present surroundings
serve as a deterrent to his hopes for the future. In
his own words:

“June 24, 1949 was not only the day I began
this prison term. It was a new beginning for a new
person. I intend, without looking back at my youth
of yesterday, to strive for a better future. I have
been asked by many men the reason for my optimis-
tic outlook while in such an environment. I believe
that every man within these walls has an obligation
to himself—to those he wronged—and to society in
general. I truly am not the man my crime would
lead others to believe. If my kindness toward my
fellow man is misunderstood, it is only because that
is the real me.”

I asked Turk to name one of his best achieve-
ments while within these walls. He thought for a
moment and then answered, “I felt real proud the
day I was told I would be made a temporary trustee
and be allowed to work outside of the prison proper
on different maintenance jobs. I have not broken
the institution’s faith and trust, and I intend to con-
tinue it while here and when I am released.”

Turk has worked outside intermittently for sev-
eral years and has been steadfast in his trustworthi-
ness. One thing that he did not mention was the
fact that he was one of nine inmates who were cited
by Superintendent William J. Banmiller for their
work achievements. After this momentous occasion
Turk explained, “This is a milestone in the recogni-
tion of a man’s efforts. The true worth of an indivi-
dual can only be as valuable as it is valued.”

The little philosophical truism is not merely ex-
pounded words, but, the thoughts of a man who was
known despair and sorrow and yet, through it all,
has never ceased to smile. A man who fully under-
stands the severity of his wrongs while retaining
his faith in society for a merciful bit of forgiveness.
A man who, through deeds and acts, has endeavored
to uplift his mind constructively, dreaming of one
day making his family proud of him. A man who
endeavors to change their tears of sorrow to those
of joy. A man who never once forgets that the other
person is a human being, such as he.

This isn’t the Profile of a name, but one of a
worthy individual. The personification of good, with-
in men, within walls.
