---
id: "407"
title: "Prison Tunesmiths Crash Big Time"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PRISON TUNESMITHS GRASH BIG TIME

Proving that genius is not restricted to Free
Society, Johnnie Dyer and George Makin, two East-
ern State Penitentiary Inmates, “rocked and rolled”
into the high society of Tin Pan Alley with their
collaborated origination of the tune “HOW
STRANGE”. Published by Carney Music Ine., a
B.M.I. affiliate, “How Strange” was recently re-
corded by The Four Naturals and was released on
a Red Top Platter. Currently being plugged by the
local Dise Jockeys, “How Strange” is sweeping the
nation through the efforts of recording company of-
ficial, “Red Top” Schwartz.

Johnnie Dyer and George Makin capitalized on
their musical ability and the time afforded them in
prison towards constructive accomplishment. “John-
nie’, a “Squeeze-Box” impressario, and George for-
mer band leader and master of the sax and clarinet,
wrote the words and music during exercise period
in the yard, and while locked in their cells. “How
Strange” was the third number created. However,
since “How Strange’, they have produced a number
of others tunes that seem destined for popular de-
mand. Although their numbers have a “Rock and
Roll” beat, it would be incorrect to label them “Rock
and Roll” numbers. They have the smoothness of the
old standards incorporated with the bounce of danee-
ability. They are the type of numbers that will
“stick around” rather than enjoy a fast and furious
popularity, only to die in a short period of time.

You may wonder at the opportunity of men in
prison to write, and record numbers and be able to
present them to publishers for possible acceptance.
In many prisons throughout the country, or even
this state, the opportunity would not have been af-
forded them. However, the understanding and pe-
nal conception of the officials of this prison is note-
worthy. The cooperation of the Superintendent, and
an “outside” friend, made possible the union of Dyer
and Makin, with Carney Music Inc., and Red Top
Recording Company. From a penological standpoint,
as well as the element of human compassion, such
cooperation and encouragement is an outstanding
example of Modern Penology at work. Given such
cooperation, it is easy to believe that Dyer and Mak-
in will become constructive citizens upon their re-
lease. Further, it is evident proof that our penal
authorities are attempting, in every way, to com-
plete the process of rehabilitation of individuals
under their jurisdiction.

Aspiring Inmate song-writers should take heart
at the success of Dyer and Makin. Their accomplish-
ments and realization should lead you to greater ef-
forts. As you can see it is possible to become a suc-
cess, even though (as one local newspaper writer
proclaimed) you are considered one of the lowest
forms of society. Naturally, we do not believe this
to be fact. Fortunately, there are others who do not
believe it, either.

Excitement over their success was not limited to
“Johnnie” Dyer and George Makin. We are all
pleased with the results of their efforts. I was look-
ing at the Red Top recording of “How Strange” the
other day. I turned the platter over to see what was
on the “Flip” side. It was an old standard by Rod-
gers and Hart. I have a feeling that the names Dyer
and Makin will become as familiar to many as the
name of those two great Song Writers, Rodgers and
Hart. Remember the tune “How Strange”, and lis-
ten for it. Remember the names Dyer and Makin,
you will be hearing them again. — THE END
