---
id: "408"
title: "Classification's Stuttering Combination: Testers to Staffers to Chance"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Classification’s Stuttering Combination:
Testers to Staffers to Chance

Expert classification of inmates upon reception
into state penitentiaries has been highly pub-
licized as one of the prime features set forth
in the reorganization plans of many penal systems.
Information bulletins and manuals detailed the oper-
ations of the newly staffed “Diagnostic and Classi-
fication Clinics.”

In the typical clinic at the standard Penitentiary
four men (two psychologists and two social workers)
conduct the major portion of the initial processing
of the receptees who enter the clinic at an average
rate of 25 per week. Such processing includes a
thorough investigation of the inmate’s background
(social, military, and criminal) by contacts between
the social workers and various assisting agencies.

This information becomes a part of the man’s
record file, as do the results of the personal inter-
views and tests conducted by the psychologists of the
elinic. The depth of this psychological examination
is attested to by the range of tests to which he may
be submitted. Scovill, Rorshach, Thematic Apper-
ception Test, Draw-a-House-Tree-Person-Test, Minn-
esota Multiphasic Personality Inventory, and others.

The findings of the clinic staff are augmented
by the further reports of institutional staff members
such as the Educational Director, Vocational Direct-
or, and Medical Director, who have also interviewed
the prisoner during this period.

No fault can be found with the thoroughness or
value of the results obtained through the conscien-
tious efforts of the above mentioned staff members,
who despite an ever increasing workload are largely
successful in carrying out their duties as set forth in
the manuals. Yet one often hears the claim that the
present systems of classification are lacking, or worse
yet—failures! This opinion is not held solely by in-
mates, who are expected to find fault with anything
connected with prisons, but is shared by a nuinher of
those members of free Society who have yet to wit-
ness evidence of progress. However, the frankness
of their disagreement with the present systems of
classification is sufficient cause for a closer look into
the situation.

by JAMES “Mike” SMITH

To substantiate the claim that classification, as
presently conceived, is not an asset to the generally
improved program initiated by the reorganization
of 1954, the following factors are often presented as
evidence that the system is falling short of its pur-
pose.

It is generally agreed that classification exists
to serve two main functions. Essentially of import-
ance only to the custodial officials in charge of se-
eurity is the function of determining the amount of
restraint necessary for the safekeeping of the pris-
oner. We may all agree that this service (actually
a side-product of classification) is successfully ac-
complished.

Of more importance to the public and the in-
mate is the second function of evaluating the needs
of the prisoner (in the terms of society) so that he
may be successfully treated, rehabilitated, recivil-
ized—call it what you will, prior to his release and
thus justify the program. Since it is well agreed
that the initial evaluation is thorough and efficient.
it should follow that the determined treatment
should be effective.

Yet, it is highly doubtful whether any correla-
tion exists between classification and future treat-
ment. Partisan defenders of the system are usually
well-armed with batteries of statistics which sup-
posedly prove the effectiveness of their program.
However, these statistics generally show only the
acknowledged improvement in the percentages of
successful rehabilitation as determined by parole
behavior, etc.

As an inmate the author would be the last to
argue that newly adopted programs of “custody com-
bined with treatment” have not been effective in
their efforts to increase the successful rehabilitation
of inmates. However, could this not be in spite of,
rather than because of the present classification sys-
tems? Could it not be that the success of programs
as a whole is due to the general improvements in the
relationships of the inmates, officials, and society ;
the higher qualifications demanded of employees,
from guard to director; physical and mental therapy
programs; the Vocational Industries program; more
contacts between prisoners and the public, and the
numerous other beneficial aspects fostered by this
new trend in penology? Is it not possible that an
overhauling and improvement of the classification
system would raise those self-same statistics to yet
ereater heights?

The cause of the present day successful treat-
ment of the inmate can only be determined by ob-
serving the direct effect of the many individual
factors. Such observation of the classification sys-
tems, if honest, can only draw one conclusion—that
it has little, if any, effect whatsoever.

Upon completion of the receptee’s dossier, he is
interviewed by the Classification Board. It is the
duty of the members of this board to jointly organize
an individual program of treatment for the inmate
concerned. They are to be guided in their decisions
on future employment, quarters, type of custody,
ete., by the reports compiled earlier by the indivi-
dual members of the staff.

As stated previously, the reports are amazing
in their depth, and could be invaluable in choosing
a course of action. Paradoxically, they are practi-
cally useless under the present system, and a waste
of time on the part of the men who worked against
time and a rising reception rate to create them. The
members of the Classification Board, however earn-
est their desires, must temper their decisions to suit
more mundane factors than the records before them.
The word “classification” carries with it a connota-
tion of “placing into different groups according to
evaluation.” Accordingly it would follow that the
receptees would thus be placed into varying strata
of prison society by this classification. However,
other than a few limited differences in custodial se-
curity, such strata do not exist under the many
systems. This places the Classification Board in a
quandary similar to that of a fruit-grader who stead-
ily classifies oranges or apples as “small, medium,
and large,” and then has only one basket available
in which to place all of them. This situation can only
lead to frustration and a steadily increasing “who
eares” attitude toward classification on the part of
the grader.

At present there are four types of institutions 
which may be said to contain distinctively limited
populations: State Industrial Schools, for youthful
male offenders; State Industrial Homes for Women,
for female offenders; the State Institutions for De-
fective Delinquents, and Penitentiaries for male
adults of varying degree custodialwise. Thus, a
receptee falling clearly into one of these classifica-
tions is easily and properly disposed of by transfer
to one of the above institutions.

A critic may seize upon this fact to point out
that, unlike the fruit-grader with only one basket,
the Classification Board thus has available four dif-
ferent institutions varying in custodial degree from
maximum to minimum. This may seem advantageous
to the uninitiate, unaware that the varying labels
alone do not make for varying classifications of in-
stitutions. Under the classification system as orig-
inally outlined, the definitive titles of maximum,
medium, and minimum should not only designate
physical differences in degree of “escape-proofness,”
but also differences in general treatment in line with
the recommendations of the Diagnostic Clinie and
the Classification Board.

Necessary considerations such as over-crowd-
ing, problems of proper employment, physical dimen-
sions, ete., have had a tendency to blur the defini-
tive lines between the varying degrees. To a greater
degree, the sometimes meritable latitude of inde-
pendent action permitted the various superinten-
dents has resulted in individual alterations of the
specific intended philosophies of treatment and
brought about a deleterious change in the entire
classification structure which completely offsets the
original purpose of the receptee’s transfer to a spe-
cific institution.

As a result there is little variance in treatment
(not custody) from one institution to another. More-
over, under these various individual interpretations
of custody and treatment, prison life in a medium
eustody institution under one superintendent may
be even more disciplined and regimented than that
of a maximum institution under another superinten-
dent.

Some people may argue that the terms maxt-
mum, medium, and minimum custody mean orily
exactly what they say, and are merely designations
of custodial degrees such as “all walls, some walis,
and no walls,” and bear no reference to treatment.
The question arises whether this should be true in
view of the other policies of progressive penology
which have been adopted by the states. If so, let us
dispense with the formality of classification which
at present leads only to a custodial limbo.

However, if classification is to fulfill its role as
one of the basic operating principles of the new
program, let us honestly view its shortcomings. Let
us admit that the fault lies not in the operations of
the clinics, but in the reactionary tendencies of a
sometimes devious penal philosophy which pays
only “mouth service” towards the system of pro-
gressive penology. Let us realize that the adherents
of this undermining philosophy cannot see fit to
fully cooperate with what they strongly feel is a
foolish, pampering approach to a problem they were
never able to solve. Let us remember that the major-
ity of the penitentiaries in this country were built in
the days when penology called only for bigger and
higher walls.

Perhaps such admissions would clear the air,
and facilitate a further practical approach to the
problem. Then perhaps a closer study could be made
of the federal government’s classification system
which is operating more successfully. Budget prob-
lems would necessarily limit any extensive attempt
to duplicate the federal system, but perhaps some
of their ideas could be profitably borrowed.

Why couldn’t the states install a system of grad-
ation within each institution proper? Upon the
receptee’s transfer to whichever institution he was
assigned by the Classification Board, he would auto-
matically assume the status of third-grade inmate;
after a defined probation period he would be eleva-
ted to second-grade; and through self-application
and treatment could (and should) become eligible
for the first-grade. Hach grade would carry with it
attendant privileges, increasing in number and
value. A misconduct would automatically bring a
demotion in grade with its lesser privileges rather
than a useless trip to the “Hole.” Thus each inmate
would be able to map his own progress toward the
rehabilitation desired of him by society and himself,
and would be rewarded for his efforts and coopera-
tion by advanced status as is a citizen in free society.

Why couldn’t the states redefine the classifica-
tions of maximum, medium, and minimum as applied
to institutions? Dependent upon the evaluation of
the Diagnostic Clinic, the receptee would be trans-
ferred to one of the three classifications. The major-
ity would probably be transferred initially to a
maximum institution, some directly to a medium
institution, and perhaps first offenders with shorter
sentences directly to a minimum institution. Each
differently classified institution would have attend-
antly increasing privileges and relaxation of disci-
pline in conformance with the principle that they
have been earned by the inmate. Treatment pro-
grams would be most intensive in maximum institu-
tions, leaning towards less treatment and more aec-
ceptance of the inmate as a future free citizen as he
progresses from one type of institution to another.
Those inmates confined in a maximum institution,
upon working their way through the three grades
within the prison would be eligible for reclassifica-
tion and subsequent transfer to a medium institution.
Those inmates in a medium institution would follow
a similar procedure to attain a transfer to a mini-
mum institution. Major infractions by any third-
grade prisoner of any institution other than maxi-
mum would bring about a re-transfer to a lower
class institution. Punishment of misconducts by de-
motion in grade or institution with lesser privileges,
more stringent discipline, together with the inmate’s
own knowledge that he was failing in his progres-
sion towards freedom would certainly be more ef-
fective than any dank “Klondike.” No inmate would
be frozen arbitrarily in any grade or classification
for any reason if he successfully completes the neces-
sary time for promotion without a further miscon-
duct. Those inmates in a minimum institution with
first-grade status would be guaranteed commutation
of sentence after a set period of time in that grade
since they have been screened for eligibility for re-
lease by rising through nine stages of custody and
three different classification of institutions. There
would be no setbacks upon application for parole at
the expiration of the minimum sentence of any of the
latter inmates for the same reason.

Space problems within this magazine prevent
any further detailing of the outlined system. Per-
haps the outlined plan seems radical in its entirety,
but a great many parts of it have already been suc-
cessfully applied by the military and federal penal
authorities. All departures from the status quo
seem radical to one group or another, but the train
of progress must go on. Whether or not. the pro-
grams of penal reform in this country are to be left
behind at the station depends upon the voters of
each state and their mandates to the elected authori-
ties. The ball is yours, Mr. and Mrs. Citizen. THE END
