---
id: "41"
title: "The Big Heist"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE
BIG HEIST

THE BOYS DECIDED WITH SOMEWHAT
less than due deliberation to rob the Farmer’s
Bank and Trust which was located near the
outskirts of the town rather than the city bank
which was located in the business district. They
had reasoned that traffic would present much less of
a problem. Then, too, they were better acquainted
with the surrounding streets. Beyond this stage,
however, their plans had not matured. Now, as
Porkey, Butch, Little Micky and Red stood huddled
in the alleyway less than two blocks from the bank,
it seemed that indecision gripped each in turn.

Little Micky, who was acting as a lookout in the
alley, was idly listening to Red who was describing
the general layout surrounding the bank. Uncon-
sciously Micky’s fingers strayed to the zipper at-
tached to his waist-length jacket and manuevered it
downward exposing what appeared to be a cut-down
version of a Buck Roger’s Special.

This movement in turn caught the roving eye of
Red who snapped: ‘‘Cover up that gun, Micky, be-
fore someone walks past on the sidewalk and notices
it. If you’re not careful you'll get us rumbled be-
fore we’re started.”

Micky, abashed somewhat, protestingly ex-
plained, ‘‘I was busy thinking, Red, we aught to let
Porkey go up the steps of the bank first ’cause he’s
taller than you. Then you can crouch down behind
him and the people will only see one guy that way.’

Red nodded understandingly and hastily agree-
ing said, "Yuh, that's a good idea. Then you can
follow me ’cause you’re shorter than I am. Butch
can stand on the sidewalk beside the getaway
wagon."

“Don’t forget to give Micky the pillow slip if
I’m going to be the driver,’’ Butch interposed, then
to Micky he said, ‘‘ Put that pillow slip inside of your
shirt where it can’t be noticed.”

Red took the pillow slip to stuff it into his shirt.
Despite his efforts to conceal it the pillow slip bulged
at his waist and realizing it would also hamper him
in other ways, Micky complained bitingly to Red:
“I’ve got my gun in my belt and this pillow case
will be in my way if I have to pull my gun in a
hurry.”

Red turned to look at him. It was clear that
his patience was running low. “‘Look,’’ he com-
menced ominously, ‘‘first you wanted to be the driv-
er of the getaway wagon; then you wanted to be out-
side man; now you want to be inside man but you
don’t want to carry the pillow slip. You know you
can’t carry thousands of dollars in your pockets.
You don’t have your mind on what you’re doing.”’

‘‘All right, all right. I’m only telling you. If
I can’t get my gun out in time—don’t blame me.’
Micky obviously was miffed.

“How about you, Porkey, do you understand
what you are going to do?’’ Red stared at Porkey
wondering whether the change of plans had confused
him.

Yuh, I understand,’ Porkey replied quickly.
‘‘I’m to walk a few feet ahead of you on the same
side of the street, then when Butch pulls up with the
getaway wagon we head for the steps of the bank.
Micky is to walk down the opposite side of the street
and when he sees us head for the steps of the bank
he’s to hurry across the street and fall in line be-
hind you and you’ll be behind me.”

Red gazed at Porkey with unconcealed admira-
tion. Porkey, he knew, was a seasoned criminal
while little Micky needed some seasoning.

Little Micky interrupted his train of thought
saying, ‘‘One time on TV I saw Willie the Weeper
pull a forty-foot rope out of his pocket and....’’

Red threw up his hands. ‘‘Listen,’’ he snarled,
through gritted teeth, ‘‘Willie the Weeper was in
jail that time. We’re not in jail. We’re on the
street getting ready to rob a bank. Besides, how
could he have a forty-foot rope in his pocket? Come
on, let’s move in on this bank before some other gang
beats us to it. We’d be in a nice spot if a squad car
ge past now while we’re standing here mouthing
off."

"Yuh, we’re wasting time standing here,’’ Butch
agreed. ‘‘Let’s get moving. I’ll get the wagon and
wheel down to the bank now if the street is clear and
if you guys are ready.”

They all nodded assent and watched Butch as he
neared the head of the alley and cautiously scanned
the street for signs of a police squad car. Apparent-
ly he was satisfied that the main street was clear for
he turned to look back at the boys and nod reassur-
ingly.

Red took a final look at Micky who was still
fumbling with the pillow slip he had stuffed in his
waistband a moment earlier. Red shook his head,
some guys never seem to learn.

They waited a reasonable time for Butch to cov-
er the distance to the bank and then walked ecau-
tiously to the head of the alleyway. Red quickly
looked up and down the street. There were neither
police on foot nor were there any squad cars in sight.
The street, however, seemed deceptively quiet ag Red
and Porkey crossed it and commenced walking toward
the bank midway in the adjoining block.

Traffic moved at a leisurely pace. None of the
passersby appeared to pay them any particular at-
tention. Women were busy entering or leaving the
stores or gazing in the shop windows. Red and
Porkey sauntered along the sidewalk. To all intents
and purposes they were but two of the local citizens
out for an afternoon stroll.

Across the street little Micky ambled along a-
breast of them and occasionally glanced in their di-
rection but for the most part he seemed more con-
cerned with the bulging pillow slip under his belt.
No amount of tugging or pulling on his part would
keep it in place.

Red threw a hurried glance across the street
and was gratified to see Little Micky was at least
keeping up with them. As he directed his gaze
straight ahead he was chagrined to see that Butch
was having trouble finding a suitable parking place.
This caused them to slow down their pace until
Butch next appeared on the sidewalk and pulled out
his handkerchief—the all’s clear signal. The boys
quickened their pace and soon passed Butch, who ap-
peared oblivious of their presence. They came to
the walk leading into the bank which set back some
thirty feet from the sidewalk, and slowly turned into
the passageway.

Little Mickey scurried across the street, both
hands tugging at the meandering pillow slip. He
reached the sidewalk and trotted over to walk im-
mediately behind Red. They were still in single
file as they reached the first step leading up into the
bank when Porkey slowed down his gait causing Red
to step on his heels. Little Micky, his head down as
he stared at the bulge in his waistband, collided with
Red, who in turn, bumped into Porkey. All three
fell sprawling and floundering as they tried to main-
tain their balance.

None of them saw the gun muzzle pointing at
them from the corner of the bank building nor the
two guns covering them from the parked cars in the
adjoining parking lot. The ensuing battle was of
short duration but decisive and in a moment the boys
lay still on the cold stone steps gasping out their
last breath. Crime had not paid for the boys—at
least not this afternoon.

From the rear of the parked cars two cops
emerged and carefully approached, their guns held
close to their hips ready to go into instant action.
Not so, however, with the intrepid junior G-man who
brandished his imitation Tommy-gun and shrieked
with derision, ‘‘We got them! We won! It’s our
turn to be the robbers tomorrow.’’

The robbers sheepishly untangled themselves
and sat erect on the bottom steps of the bank. Lit-
tle Micky now had his jacket unzippered and had
thrust his hand beneath his shirt where a crimson
stain slowly spread.

‘‘Hey, Micky,’’ Red eried in alarm, ‘‘you’re
really wounded.”’

Micky slowly shifted his gaze from the crimson
stain on his shirtfront to the cops and robbers, then
with uneffected wide - eyed innocence explained,
‘‘Naw, I’m not wounded. This red stuff is coming
from a raspberry tart my mom made me for my
birthday tomorrow ’cause I’m six years old.’’ He
drew out the squashed tart and on looking at it
with a mournful expression concluded, ‘‘Porkey
said we were going to play Cowboys and Indians to-
day and I was going to put the red stuff on my face
like a real Indian—and eat the rest.’’
