---
id: "410"
title: "Festival of Music"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FESTIVAL OF MUSIC

During the winter months, the first show of the season was presented by the inmates of Hastern State.
Advance notices had been posted on all bulletin boards, informing all that this would be a festival of music.
This proved to be true with an added attraction in the contrasting styles and beats,—real Dixieland Jazz, a
combination of Rock n’ Roll and Country Music, plus the sounds of two big bands. Each group was well
augmented with vocalists, instrumentalists and individual artists.

The Program

The Echoes, led by Freddie Adams
     I'll be Hanging Around ... Solo by Crenshaw
     Funny That Way ... Vocal by Freddie Williams
     Winter Wonderland ... Orchestra

Vocal Renditions
     Don't Take Your Love From Me ... Pitts
     But I'm In Love ... Jenkins
     All The Way ... Turk
     Christmas Time ... Written and Vocal by Cole
     Sundown on South Streeet ... Cole-Hughes-Bish
     Sentimental Reasons ... Snooks
     All Of Me ... Hammond
     Don't Talk About Me ... Gaylord
     Just You ... Jackson - Snooks
     Lady Birds ... Audeary - Hughes

Tennessee and His Country Boys
     Why Don't You Love Me Like You Used To Do ... Group
     12th Street Rag ... Accordian Solo by Conny
     Once More ... Group
     Sugar Blues ... Harmonica Solo by Poyeye

Instrumentalists
     The Things We Did Last Summer ... James Moss on Guitar
     Freedom Suite ... }
     Prelude For Guitar ... } Charles "Slick" Matthews on Guitar
     Tap Dance ... }

Combos
     Bernie's Tune, featuring La Rue (Alto Sax) and Joe Fatio (Trumpet)
     Design For Autumn ... featuring Bobby Jones
     Gin Mill Special, Featuring Porky (Piano), Wheeler (Tenor Sax),
                                                  La Rue (Alto Sax).

Dixieland Jazz
     Angry ... }               Baron Hinkle and
     Basin Street Blues ... }  The Jail-House Six Plus One
     Saints Go Marching In ... } 

Not much more can be said about our “Festival of Music,” except to say that everyone in attendance thor-
oughly enjoyed the program and our thanks go to everyone who helped to make this day a little happier. The
men showed their appreciation by the thunderous applause given the entertainers. We’ll all sit back, anxi-
ously awaiting that welcome call, “It’s Show Time!” once again.
