---
id: "411"
title: "Management's Part in Modern Penology"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
MANAGEMENT'S PART
in Modern Penology

The growth of the
Democratic way of
life has brought upon
prisons new requirements
in treatment.

by JOSEPH J. CUFF

In the early part of this century, prison man-
agement was typified by the strong, individual war-
den—the “boss” who ran a one-man show. He ran
the prison, directed it himself, and was personally
familiar with every operation that was associated
with it. He was looked upon with favor when he told
his guards, I'll never ask a guard to do anything
I can't do myself." 

A Warden who starts out today with that
philosophy had better get out of the management
field, because he is doomed. He never will be able
to accomplish much. If he waits until he is an ex-
pert in every aspect of the business, he will be in
retirement before he is ready to begin.

The practice of prison management has changed
considerably in the past 50 years. Treatment, econ-
omic and social conditions are completely different.
Prison populations have grown tremendously;
treatment for rehabilitation has new importance;
punishment for punishment’s sake is slowly vanish-
ing. Accordingly, prison management is more com-
plicated. The growth of the democratic way of life
has brought upon prisons new requirements in treat-
ment. When a state entrusts to a warden and his
staff a portion of its human beings, it is their moral
obligation to realize a good return on the investment
the state had made in them.

These new conditions are forcing the growth of
a completely new philosophy in Modern Penology.
They are developing new types of treatment and new
sets of rules. They are bringing all our ideas of
Modern Penology to new levels of prison operation.
The theory of this new philosophy is familiar. The
practice is something they are learning.

Let me establish first that the keystone of this
philosophy is the conviction that the strongest mo-
tivating force in the human being, barring self-
preservation, is PRIDE OF ACHIEVEMENT. I
mean that pride which satisfies each individual with-
in his own heart that he is contributing something
worth while. All aspects of this philosophy are
aimed at tapping this powerful motivating force.

What are the practical elements which express
this philosophy of Modern Penology in daily man-
agement of human beings? Essentially, there are
four: MODERN PENOLOGY BY OBJECTIVES,
DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY, ACCOUNTABIL-
ITY and INTEGRITY.

MANAGEMENT BY OBJECTIVES

The first element is MODERN PENOLOGY BY
OBJECTIVES. I prefer to contrast this with Mod-
erm Penolosy by authority. You can say, "Yes, I
know that—that's just routine," But is it? I am
convinced that a number of prison employees still
work to please the man who is their superior—not
to accomplish what they understand to be their par-
ticular piece of the common objective of the entire
organization.

Of course, a clear UNDERSTANDING of the
objectives in the mind of every individual is an ab-
solute essential. It’s impossible for anyone to iden-
tify himself with the accomplishment of the objec-
tive of Modern Penology if he doesn’t understand
it. And if he has no personal identification with the
objective, he has no basis for personal pride of ac-
hievement.

As an individual, no warden or staff member
ean personally do very much at all. His effective-
ness is measured in terms of his ability to influence
other people to get the job done. To take California
as a specific example, those people understand that
they have to be a success or they will not be in busi-
ness. They go to great lengths to demonstrate this
to the people who visit the institution where they
can ask questions and got the answers of the aspects
of Modern Penology.

The warden and staff held meetings with de-
partment heads and showed them their plans for the
coming years. They spoke to them on this basis:
“You gentlemen are an expanded board of directors
in concept. Please do not rely on us to make these
plans materialize. On the contrary, we’re going to
rely on you. The worst thing in the world you can
do is try to satisfy us as individuals, because we’re
not smart enough—and frankly, we have never met
a man who was smart enough—to direct every activ-
ity in a business as complex as penal institutions.
Work to satisfy the objectives of the undertaking.”

One example that illustrates this point can be
found in the field of correctional officers. Pve talked
with some of these officers and have found them to
be a dedicated group of men. But I was surprised
to learn that some of them were dedicated to cus-
todial duties only. This is an understandable pro-
fessional ideal. But in penology we must qualify it
—dedicated to correctional officer FOR AN UNDER-
TAKING. I'll never forget some of the shocked ex-
pressions when I said, “Let me define your job for
you. Unless you rehabilitate a man that can be re-
leased and returned to free society, you have failed
completely in the job of correctional officer. If it
cannot be rehabilitated and returned to society in
a manner that represents sufficient value to society
that they will accept it—then put the plans in the
wastebasket.”

Here’s the framework that must be established:
A warden and his staff must provide the policies
and treatment program within which everyone must
work. ALL must work to follow that program. Don’t
follow one part of it and take great pride in that
part of the job you have to do. It’s the only way
everyone can personally share in the suecess of Mod-
ern Penology, because it’s the only way Modern
Penology can succeed.

So the first principle is Modern Penology by
objectives, based on a clear understanding of the
objectives by each individual and permitting a per-
sonal identification with those objectives. This pro-
vides a basis for the individual to take personal pride
in the job he is doing.

Now, Let’s move on to the second part of this
philosophy.

DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY

Authority must be delegated commensurate
with responsibility. Personnel must be selected who
are competent to do their jobs. We assume that
these competent people understand what their jobs
are. We must give them the authority to carry out
their jobs their way. After all, if they are competent
and fully understand their work, that is what they
were hired for.

Getting down to brass tacks, the delegation-of-
authority principle is violated time after time by
some Wardens and staff members who simply can-
not keep their fingers out of the task delegated.
Instead of guiding the activities in terms of objee-
tives to be accomplished and the policy framework
within which operations are to be carried on, they
seem to feel obligated to instruct, as to how one
should go about accomplishing the assigned job. By
so doing, they encourage others to turn to them
more and more for direction and to exercise their
own initiative less and less. In addition, they gradu-
ally rob their associates of personal identification
with the job and of the foundation for the all-im-
portant value, pride of achievement.

When I talk about delegation of authority, I
am talking about 100 percent delegation, not 75 or
99 percent. Of course people will make mistakes,
but a Warden and his staff, not being superhuman
themselves, will also make some. If the price they
pay for close day-to-day direction is robbing their
organization of its initiative and killing individual
pride of achievement, then they have made an ex-
tremely poor bargain.

ACCOUNTABILITY

The third element of this philosophy is AC-
COUNTABILITY, I mean what might be termed a
cold-blooded demand that a man do his job or get
out of it. The initial reaction to this principle is that
it has a threatening tone about it, but a little ex-
planation alters the threatening tone to something
else. This is a promise. It is a guarantee to the com-
petent people in an organization that the manage-
ment will remove incompetent people before they
ruin the entire program.

You cannot tap a man’s pride of achievement
unless the job bites him if he doesn’t perform com-
petently. It is equally essential that he have the
rewards if he does it competently. And in the re-
lationship I’m describing, there won’t be any ques-
tion about the reward’s being identified with him.
He knows he is the one who did it without any inter-
ference from anyone else. If the job is good, he gets
the credit. If it is consistently bad, he should be
replaced by a more competent man.

INTEGRITY

There is one other element. It is not of the same
nature as the three I have mentioned, but it is the
cord that ties the whole fabric together. There must
be an unquestioned INTEGRITY in the conduct of
business between one individual and another. The
demands on the management for pure objectivity
are aS great as anything they face. Consistency is
an absolute essential to a position of leadership.

Many people short on experience in Modern
Penology and rehabilitative planning, state flatly,

“It is impossible to accomplish the goals.” In earlier
prison history there have been transfer of opera-
tions, there had been new buildings, new shifts and
new products. But never before has there existed
the combination of all these factors at one time.

First we must look for personnel who could be
quickly and efficiently developed to form a ecom-
petent core for the new methods of Modern Pen-
ology. The most efficient and promising must be
selected as a nucleus. Many classes must be held
to teach an understanding on the necessity of an
effective philosophy. And, as the Modern Penology
grows the values of understanding the objectives,
delegating the authority and being accountable for
the result, must be transmitted throughout the
group. Every man must know his portion of the job
and pursue it according to his own means.

Each institution must chart programs. Training
programs must involve homework, discussions and
competitive examinations, alternated with on- the-
job experience in the department of their specialty.
Subjects covered in this training program must
include, Correctional officers’ responsibilities, prison
history, rehabilitation objectives, personnel prac-
tices, individual morale and improvement of methods.

Against this background, I can tell you that our
management philosophy can play a large role in this
program. It can be summed up simply. The AU-
THORITY to do the job must be granted to the peo-
ple who have to do it. The OBJECTIVES involved
must be clearly understood. Every one must know
that he is ACCOUNTABLE for his part.

Though I feel strongly about this program of
Modern Penology, I realize that it represents only a
small portion of the subject discussed. But the im-
plications are great. Extension of these simple pre-
cepts into all types of Modern Penology activities
can have real meaning in our future. — THE END
