---
id: "413"
title: "Christianity's Greatest Argument"
author: "Reynolds, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Rev. Gordon Reynolds,
Protestant Chaplain

Christianity’s
Greatest Arqument

The Christian will always be the greatest argu-
ment for Christianity. The early Christians out-
distanced their Greek Masters, not because they out-
argued them, but because they outlived them. Truly
a picture of good in action is better than 10,000
words.

The message of Paul the Apostle was conspicu-
ous for its power; for the first time in history a reli-
gious philosophy was proclaimed that carried with
it life changing force. Here was a system of belief at
long-last that worked.

History states there was a time when the in-
habitants of the British Isles were the most barbaric
and savage of all the races. The Annals of Caesar’s
Tenth Legion convey a graphic picture of those rude
days when our Anglo-Saxon ancestors went into
battle naked, and celebrated their victories by drink-
ing the blood of a slain enemy out of an empty skull.
At the altars of the Druids human sacrifices were
offered. What changed all this? The Missionary
came along with his Message and His Bible.

I have yet to have a man approach me and say,
“Reverend, I have just finished reading this book on
Mathematics and thanks be to this wondreful sci-
ence I feel like a new man.” Nor has anyone made
any corresponding claims for books on Geography,
History, Philosophy, Astronomy, ete. However,
hosts that no man can number, multitudes that no
statistician can count, have expressed a strong con-
viction and a positive declaration that the Christian
faith, as expressed in the Bible, has been responsi-
ble for their singular change in character.

The dynamic responsible for this amazing trans-
formation in thousands of lives the world over is
found in the unique relationship the believer sus-
tains to the Author of the Christian religion. When
you join a club you do not become a part of the
President. When you matriculate at college you do
not become one with the Professor of Biology. When
you elect the President of the United States you do
not share his blood or partake of his life, nor he of
of yours. However, every Christian is a member of
the Body of Christ, “Bone of His Bones and Flesh
of His Flesh”. Christ not only lives WITH us, He
lives IN us. The Church is the only organization in
the world in which the membership partakes of the
life of the Founder and King. He, living His life in
us, provides the power.
