---
id: "414"
title: "Worship: A Privilege and a Joy"
author: "McHugh, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Rev. John J. McHugh,
Catholic Chaplain

Worship:
A Privilege and A Joy

How can I be happy? Every inmate wants the
answer to that question. It is the most fundamental
drive within man. Indeed, all other urges are sec-
ondary to this one. It poses a special problem in
prison. No one in his right mind enjoys doing
“time.” But there is a way to master that time and
have it serve even as a blessing in disguise. It’s not
what happens to us in this life that matters so much,
but rather how we react to what happens.

The secret of happiness in prison is a perfect
resignation to the will of God. Have a true sense of
values—accept reality. Consider the past only as a
means of profiting from the mistakes—think of the
present and the future.

Where can happiness be found? To answer that
we have to consider the makeup of man—a creature
composed of body and soul. Those who glorify the
body seek material food—money, success and pleas-
ure—but their appetites are not satisfied. The mil-
honaire seeks more money; the successful business
man envies his more successful neighbor; the sen-
sualist becomes a frustrated neurotic. The spirit
also has its needs and hunger,—the soul must be
nourished.

Genuine happiness can be found only in the
practice of religion. Here the mind comes to a quiet
resting place. Only here can we think in terms of
infinite perfection, almighty power and eternal hap-
piness. It was the realization of this truth which
caused St. Augustine, after tasting all that flesh pots
of Carthage and Rome could offer, to ery out; “Our
hearts have been made for thee, O’God!—and they
shall not rest until they rest in thee.” Solomon in
his. wisdom voiced the same truth; “Vanity of vani-
ties, and all is vanity.” Only be recognizing the ab-
solute obligation to adore God and love Him and
serve Him can we achieve satisfaction.

What about the practice of religion in prison?
Certainly, there is ample opportunity to attend the
various services. This is the least one should do.
However, attendance should be prompted by sincere
motives and not merely to make an impression. Of
course, there are those who ridicule the chapel-goers
and tag them as hypocrites. A weak defense for
their own hypocrisy—deceiving themselves and try-
ing to deceive God. One can never have true joy
until he puts his trust in the unchangeable Friend,—
the God of mercy, justice, compassion, tenderness
and love.
