---
id: "415"
title: "The Bees of Maha Dayo"
author: "Daunt, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by JAMES DAUNT

THE 
BEES OF
MAHA
DAYO

A few miles from Nagpur and the east-west
railway, a man and a woman and their two horses
rested in the welcome shade of a banyan tree.
Around and above stood tawny, sun-seared hills,—
the lonely Maha Dayo hills of central India.

The young Englishwoman watched the man pre-
pare tea, vexation in her dark eyes. She was a
slender, graceful woman, quite lovely—and quite
ill. Her stocky, florid husband’s slow but sure dex-
terity irritated her. Impatiently, she tossed her long,
thick hair like a cross child.

“Stephen, do you think Sidi will get back with
the medicine before dark?”

Stephen Gaylord smiled indulgently at his wife,
picked up his field-glasses and climbed a rock at the
edge of the road. As far as he could see, there was |
nothing but dusty road and the shimmering heat
waves. The sweet fragrance of wild honey filled the
air; high on the steep wall of a nearby ravine hung
the huge nests of the giant bees of Maha Dayo.
Stephen lowered the glasses, climbed down from the
rock and went over to his wife.

“Sandra, do try to be patient. Sidi may take
longer than we had thought. In Bhopal, morphine
may be difficult to obtain.”

Sandra’s eyes glittered feverishly, ‘“He’ll never
return, you gave him too much silver. Oh, Stephen,
we should have pushed on to Nagpur.”

Stephen looked at the horses grazing in the
shelter Of the spreadine tree. Too hot,” he de-
clared. “This heat is terrible on you, Sandra. Be-
sides, we’ve driven the horses too far already with-
Out Lest.

The sick woman did not meet her husband’s
eyes. After all, she mused, he’s not the one who is
suffering, who has to endure the nerve-wracking
torment. Patience is easy, she concluded, if you
aren’t ill.

“I don’t know why you hired Sidi in the first
place,” she almost shouted. ‘I beg of you, don’t wait
until we get to Calcutta—discharge him in Nagpur.
We won’t need him on the train. If you only realized
how his constant singing disturbs me, and his ugly
face too,—like one of those gargoyles. And he is
always hitting things with that stick he carries.”

“Boomerang, Dear,” said Stephen. “I thought
he rather neatly stopped that king cobra with it,
don’t you agree?”

“Let me alone!” Sandra shouted. The sound
echoed from the hills. The hum of the nested bees
swelled suddenly to a deep organ tone. Stephen
stared across the ravine at the dark-gray nests. The
terrible bees of Maha Dayo. He had once seen a
specimen of this rare bee. In each of those nests,

Illustrated
By
James Morrison

Eastern Echo

lived thousands of these bees, each one as big as a
man’s thumb.

Stephen turned to his wife. “Sandra girl, do
try to rest. Don't fret. Drink your tea. Sidi will
bring the medicine soon, I’m certain.”

Sandra sipped her tea with no further comment,
only her big velvet-brown eyes betraying her inner
turmoil. She even managed a wan sort of smile for
her husband. Ill as she was, the smile lighted up her
face and accentuated her appeal. For Sandra was
truly beautiful. Stephen Gaylord smiled back and
took her pale hand in his and pressed gently.

Three miles away, Sidi, on a bone-tired horse,
plodded steadily along through the arid dust. Little
dust devils popped up as the hooves beat out a steady
rhythm. The rider, garish and grotesque, moaned a
weird refrain in Hindustani which sometimes
changed to Punjabese. The sinking sun beat hotly
in his gnarled face, glinted metallically on his green
and orange pantaloons and blouse. in the once-white
turban, glass gems of large size gleamed daully.
Around his ample middle a crimson sash held fast
a hunter’s boomerang. Unlike the ordinary light
throwing stick, a plaything, this was a heavy, curved
stick of polished teak; a deadly weapon, used by the
wild tribes of the Indian hills.

The little, fat servant sang in a low voice now,
for he was riding alongside the gorge which housed
the irritable bees. Sidi, tired and hot, knowing he
had but a small distance to go, pulled up in the
shade of a wild fig tree and plucked some of the
purple fruit. Munching on the soft cool figs, he
suddenly spied five riders approaching on the road
which led to where he sat under the tree. The riders
came along swiftly and almost noiselessly. Sidi stiff-
ened in alarm. Only the hard-riding bandits of the
hill country rode in that manner.

“Ride, Sidi, ride,” a voice within him exclaimed.
But Sidi checked the sudden impulse. The bandits
would overtake him before he could reach the next
bend. From this distance, a warning cry could never
reach his master.

The bandits reined up beside the fig tree. Sidi
recognized the chieftain and greeted him in Hindu-
stani.

“Ho, Surama, what brings you to the lonely,
profitless hills of Maha Dayo?

Surama, black-bearded and beady eyed, scowled
darkly. He stared down the road for a moment be-
fore he looked again at the fat little servant in the
gaudy apparel. “Your Master, little one, and Mem-
sahib—where?”

Sidi waved a hand southward. “They already
long time now, in Nagpur. I go now, back to Jubbel-
pore,” he answered.

The bandit chief scrutinized the bland, saffron
face with the hooked nose, the onyx-like eyes, the
linear mouth, learning nothing from the mask Sidi
wore. For a moment he studied the print-marked
earth of the high road, then spoke in a snarled fury,
“You lie, buffoon! Search him men!”

Two of the bandits dismounted, pulled Sidi
down with a great clatter.

“Quiet, you fools!” hissed Surama. “The bees. . .”

In silence, the box of white powder found on the
servant was handed to the chief.

“Fever medicine, O’, Surama,” pleaded Sidi.
“Memsahib have bad fever. Medicine good for fever.
Plenty cheap, too.”

Surama examined the white powder, smelled
it, tasted it. “Fever medicine, perhaps. Morphine
certainly. Not cheap, liar. Worth many thousand
rupees.”

The little servant’s eyes rolled. What could he
do? He looked up at the grim chieftain and into the
pitiless eyes.

“Surama, without the medicine, Memsahib will
die.”

“You lie again. Your Master and Memsahib
are not out of reach. Dog and son of a dog, I will
spare your life if you tell me the truth ... Must we
ride hard or not to overtake them before they reach
Nagpur? The truth, dog!”

Sidi hesitated briefly. He realized the chief
surmised the man and woman were waiting for their
servant to bring the medicine. But Surama could
not know how close they were.

“Surama,” said Sidi, “to overtake them before
they reach Nagpur, you must ride fast, very fast.
Your horses will suffer, perhaps die. Very hot. Be-
sides,” Sidi added, ‘Should you overtake them, you
will have trouble. Sahib is well armed with high-
powered rifle and revolver too.”

Sidi watched the grizzled chieftain closely. The
others did not matter. Surama’s decision would pre-
vail. And Sidi knew the bandits would ride. They
had nothing to lose except a horse or a man, or two.
They would first kill him, Sidi, for these modern
thugs of today’s India, like the by-gone century’s
Thugees, left no one with knowledge among the
living. The little servant knew he had only a while
longer to live, only a little while to do what he
must do.

“O’, Surama,” he said, bowing low twice, “Sidi
grateful, if you spare his life. See, I make you pres-
ent of magic stick.” Sidi drew the heavy weapon
from his sash. ‘Look, see, O’ Surama, how good is
this magic wood, Watch!”

Sidi hurled the big boomerang. It sailed swiftly
through the air, rose in a graceful sweep, turned
and sailed back toward the group. It dipped neatly
under the spreading limbs of the fig tree and came to
rest at the servant’s feet.

One of the dismounted robbers, wonder in his
greedy eyes, went toward it.

“Wait!” Sidi said, picking up the curved stick.
“Look now!” He pointed above, to a lazy kite bird
not too far away. A smooth motion of his sturdy
arm and the boomerang flew in a sharp upward
swoop and met the kite with neck-snapping impact.
As Sidi retrieved the weapon, he heard, over the
noisy gabble of the excited bandits, the ominous
drone of the bees which have no liking for the scent
or sound of man.

Back under the fig tree, Sidi looked up at Sura-
ma with an enigmatic smile. Then he looked down
at the beloved boomerang in his hands, rubbed it
all over affectionately, then flung it with all his
strength and skill, right down into the ravine. The
stick dropped sheer, angled flatly, skimmed swiftly
across the wide chasm, whirled upward with amaz-
ing speed, straight for the deadly bees. The ban-
dits froze with stunned reaction as the magic stick
crashed through one, two, three of the huge papery
nests. Surama roared like a Bengal tiger. His knife
flew through the air and lodged in Sidi’s side. The
little servant fell mortally wounded. The last sound
in his ears was the fury of a quarter-million killer
bees. Surama and his gang fled, but the swift bees,
following the hated man-scent along the path of the
violating boomerang, quickly overcame the fleeing
group. The air was filled with the screams of men
and animals and echoed from the arid hills of Maha
Dayo. Then, nothing more was to be heard except
the persistent drone of the bees.

Two hours past sundown, Stephen Gaylord
stared once more down the long road. Then he
turned and looked at his wife across the embers of
a small fire. “Sandra, I don’t think Sidi is coming
back. We’ll go on to Nagpur.”

Sandra tossed her long black hair, to mask her
exultation. In the red glow of the embers. Sandra
looked like someone out of the old testament.

“I’m glad, Stephen. Much as I need the medi-
cine, I’m glad he is not coming back. I never trusted
him, you know.” — THE END
