---
id: "416"
title: "Time and the Man"
author: "Williams, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
TIME AND THE MAN
by Thomas Williams

Time is irrevocable and continuous. It begins
with a slap and a yell; the anxiety of a father; the
fatigue of a doctor; the anguish of a laboring moth-
er; it is heralded by the eries of a newborn child.

How strange it seems for men to think life un-
kind. Hach night is filled with uncertainty, making
each morning a re-enactment of one’s day of creation.

Time and uncertainty are not merely words to
men in prison. They are representative of a need.
Time, in relation to the prisoner, has begun badly,
and no one is more aware of it than they themselves.

There are certain basic clements that incarcer-
ated men are ever evaluating. One of great impor-
tance is society’s attitude, and its significance upon
their lives. This article’s main concern is to elabor-
ate on an important mental reactionary stimulus.

Modern Penological thoughts must be kept pre-
valent within the minds of society. This is being
done by purposeful, constructive programs, for the
penal mind is fully aware of the fact that, “Destruc-
tive acts only defeat and illuminate the ‘criminal’ in
a brighter heht.”

The prisoner has become aware of himself, his
environment, and the chance for rehabilitation af-
forded him. In order to achieve anything of value,
he must strive for it with every resource at his com-
mand.

Men in prison are constantly alert to conditions
that affect them. They have not let their emotions
run rampant, to become the controlling force in their
lives. Who is more patient than inmates? They grind
out each timeless day, waiting—hoping—striving.
An existance filled with uncertainty. They are not
trying to alleviate the condition. by submerging it.
They are facing it with courage and conviction, with
always the hope of tomorrow in mind. Prisoners
are a symbol of the detrimental acts of man. The
men themselves are trying to make the people aware
of the thought “An act of crime does not symbolize
the future man.” His actions are a stepping stone and
not the final rock in life’s stairway.

Time is universal and eyelic, and is treated as
such in order to enrich our lives day by day, with an
optimistic outlook toward a better and richer life.
iach moment of each hour we punch the time clock
and encounter the great pendulum that is ticking
away precious seconds. The realization of passing
time is an inspiring force.

No one is entirely excluded from stepping over
the borderline. There are many unfortunate cireum-
stances which cause people to step into the abyss of
time; into the vortex of prison life and animal emo-
tions. This ever present possibility is aptly expressed
by the words, “There, but.for the Grace of God, go 1.”

Society, through the eyes of penologists and re-
formation groups, is slowly becoming aware of men
as individuals, and not as a collective, criminal whole.
This transposition, slow in ¢oming, is what the men
in penal institutions have verbally fought for over
the years. It is the realization of the words of A. H.
Maslow: “Psychology should study the human being
not just as passive clay, helpless and acted upon by
outside forees, but an active autonomous mover,
chooser and center of his own life.”

A small minority throughout the United States
has unceasingly given of time and money in a con-
certed effort to help the men and women in our
prisons. They have tirelessly worked to make society
aware of the modern rehabilitative trends and the
problems relative to them. They have expended their
efforts to dispel the many misconceptions which are
prevalent in the mind of society in general. The
ranks of these dedicated workers are all too thin.

This civil-minded effort, with the added inter-
est of society and in conjunction with our individual
efforts can only result in future betterment of the
present situation.

As prisoners, we have an obligation to fulfill. We
certainly would not tear down the house of those
who have fought so tirelessly for us, rather we would
strive to ever keep replacing the broken shutters
with new and better ones.

One and alone we came, one and alone we are,
and one and alone we must depart. Yet, within our
small. existence, we.are ever aware of TIME AND
THE MAN. — THE END
