---
id: "418"
title: "Basketball"
author: "Stewart, Jim"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0026.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
BASKETBALL

by JIM STEWART

WARRIORS NET BASKETBALL TITLE

Following an abbreviated series of basketball
games which featured outside competition being
hosted by the Cherry Hill Varsity, a league was
formed of four teams, namely, Celtics, Hawks, Madi-
sons, and, last but not least, the eventual champions,
the Warriors.

Upon entering the yard in the afternoon, one
could always expect to see spirited competition on
the basketball court; the same competitive spirit
that was displayed by the Varsity Five during the
outside series. We could see such familiar faces as
Shepherd, Fricker, Big Jake, Shakey, Curley Heath,
Juice Cohen, O’Brien and Woody, along with many
new faces of those inspired by the spirit of competi-
tion. There were many thrilling moments of basket-
ball in these intra-squad games.

As we look back for a moment at some of the
thrilling games we witnessed, it is not too difficult
to understand why the game of basketball is taking
its high place in the world of sports. An apt expres-
sion describing this game would have to go some-
thing like this: “An exciting game of thrills, spills
and competitive eagerness.”

Here’s a complete rundown on each team’s per-
formance :

Champion Warriors                     Shakey, Manager
| Player      | G's | FG  | F  | Pts. | Reb. | Per. |
| Shakey      | 11  | 70  | 24 | 164  | 40   | 0    |
| Fricker     | 11  | 100 | 4  | 204  | 14   | 0    |
| Woody       | 11  | 79  | 20 | 178  | 19   | 0    |
| Croxton     | 5   | 13  | 7  | 33   | 26   | 1    |
| L. Patrick  | 9   | 55  | 21 | 131  | 24   | 0    |
| Baucco      | 9   | 41  | 6  | 88   | 19   | 0    |
| Curley      | 11  | 42  | 6  | 90   | 47   | 2    |
| Snooks      | 1   | 3   | 0  | 6    | 3    | 0    |
| Antonowiecz | 2   | 3   | 0  | 6    | 2    | 0    |
| Juice       | 7   | 1   | 0  | 2    | 10   | 0    |

The Celtics, Hawks and Madisons landed the
early punches to begin the series, but Shakey’s War-
riors came on strong and emerged with the victory.
With scoring honors being shared by Fricker,
Shakey and Lonnie Patrick, the Warriors neared the
half-way mark with their eyes on the League Cham-
pionship. As can be seen in the statistics, the War-
riors dominated the boards and maintained a good
edge in shooting percentage. Under the watchful
eyes of their manager, Shakey, they trotted home
with the Championship.

This was definitely a team effort with each
player sharing in the glory category as they played
hard offensive and defensive ball. One has only to
ask Manager Shakey about his Warriors, and what a
smile he gives out with.

Quoting Shakey: “Whatever I do, whatever
game I play, I do it-with interest and a strong de-
termination to win.”

Your reporter salutes a fighter with spirit and
the will to win. Congratulations Warriors, keep on
fighting!

The Madisons               Big Jake Welty, Manager
| Player   | G's | FG  | F  | Pts. | Reb. | Per. |
| Shep     | 12  | 159 | 37 | 355  | 39   | 1    |
| Jake     | 12  | 112 | 24 | 248  | 19   | 3    |
| Blackie  | 9   | 57  | 7  | 121  | 14   | 1    |
| Fleming  | 5   | 47  | 6  | 100  | 12   | 0    |
| Dick     | 4   | 45  | 4  | 94   | 11   | 0    |
| Samson   | 11  | 23  | 2  | 48   | 20   | 1    |
| Jack     | 7   | 21  | 5  | 47   | 26   | 0    |
| Tailgate | 7   | 11  | 6  | 28   | 11   | 1    |
| Pitt     | 5   | 12  | 4  | 28   | 7    | 0    |
| Mingo    | 8   | 9   | 5  | 23   | 6    | 0    |
| Bo       | 1   | 8   | 2  | 18   | 0    | 0    |
| Lefty    | 1   | 8   | 1  | 17   | 5    | 0    |
| Flip     | 1   | 5   | 2  | 12   | 3    | 0    |

At the beginning of the season the Madisons,
led by Shep, Big Jake and Blackie, got off to a good
start with a superior balanced team and deliberate
offensive tactics. It seemed as though they would
overtake everyone. With Shep giving some very
impressive performances, backed by a smooth opera-
ting team, the Madisons made a very strong bid, but
it Just wasn’t enough. The Madisons could be called
the unheralded champions, but their bid just could-
n’t jar the Warriors’ determination to win.

Mingo and Pitt, here from Graterford and Pitts-
burgh respectively, checked in with some impressive
play that rates a mention here. Their play gained
the plaudits of the spectators who braved the chilly
air to watch these teams compete for the right to be
called “Cherry Hill Champs.”

The Celtics               Charles Adderly, Manager
| Player    | G's | FG | F  | Pts. | Reb. | Per. |
| Adderly   | 6   | 76 | 20 | 172  | 32   | 2    |
| Moose     | 7   | 49 | 7  | 105  | 16   | 0    |
| Lefty     | 6   | 43 | 5  | 91   | 17   | 0    |
| Junebug   | 8   | 34 | 13 | 81   | 20   | 0    |
| Heavy     | 12  | 21 | 1  | 43   | 36   | 1    |
| Norman    | 5   | 20 | 2  | 42   | 10   | 0    |
| Ray       | 8   | 15 | 1  | 31   | 7    | 0    |
| Wheeler   | 7   | 7  | 0  | 14   | 19   | 2    |
| Turk      | 5   | 2  | 1  | 5    | 5    | 1    |
| Cornbread | 2   | 1  | 0  | 2    | 3    | 0    |
| L. Brown  | 2   | 0  | 0  | 0    | 2    | 0    |

To begin the season, the Celtics were managed
by Shep, who was replaced by Adderly early in the
season. Three players, from the Varsity team, name-
ly: Adderly, Junebug and Ray, combined their ef-
forts to put on flashes of basketball artistry. Scor-
ing honors for the Celtics were shared jointly by
Adderly, Moose and Lefty. Junebug and Ray com-
bined to do a tremendous rebounding job in the
first-half but, when the Warriors began their in-
spired victory drive, the Celtics had insufficient de-
fensive power to halt the surge.

It was apparent that Adderly’s play paced the
Celtics, but as the season progressed there just was-
n’t enough offense to balance the stiff defense of the
Celtics. The team, as a whole, can be very proud of
their play in the league, and your reporter votes an
E for Effort to them for always staying in the game
until the final whistle. No team need feel bad in de-
feat when they have fought so hard to win.

The Hawks                     Pinky Andrews, Manager
| Player      | G's | FG | F  | Pts. | Reb. | Per. |
| Tookie      | 6   | 66 | 13 | 145  | 13   | 0    |
| Pinky       | 10  | 49 | 20 | 118  | 31   | 0    |
| O'Brien     | 7   | 39 | 11 | 89   | 10   | 1    |
| Earl        | 8   | 30 | 12 | 72   | 15   | 1    |
| Bernard     | 6   | 14 | 1  | 29   | 15   | 0    |
| Red Beans   | 5   | 12 | 5  | 29   | 15   | 0    |
| Hallowell   | 3   | 12 | 1  | 25   | 13   | 0    |
| Irish       | 7   | 9  | 2  | 20   | 2    | 0    |
| Brewer      | 3   | 6  | 2  | 14   | 2    | 0    |
| Antonowiecz | 5   | 9  | 5  | 23   | 6    | 0    |

The Hawks placed a versatile team on the court.
With an offense and defense sparked by Tookie,
Pinky ole’ Reliable O’Brien, the Hawks played pre-
cision smooth basketball. Yet, somehow, their fast-
break to outrace the other teams began to slow down.
The Hawks continued to play capable ball through-
out the season but just couldn’t seem to recapture
the form that would have netted them the champion-
ship. Tookie led in scoring with a total of 145 points
with Pinky, the versatile Manager, coming in second
with a total of 118 points. Watching the Hawks in
action, it was noticed that there were belated bursts
of scoring, combined with a fine competitiveness.
Had they retained this form, with which they began
the season, they would have had a better than wish-
on-the moon chance of copping the laurels.

So, let’s congratulate the Hawks and extend
wishes for “Better Luck next year.”

Unfortunately, we cannot present Manager
Shakey and his Warriors with a fitting trophy, but
we can applaud them for their very fine performance.
Featuring three Varsity players in Woody, Fricker
and Shakey, the Warriors had their objective sighted
from the very start. Throughout the season this was
never a one-man show. The fighting Warriors hus-
tled all the way and overcame each hurdle that faced
them in their drive for the championship. You just
can’t keep a Champion down.

Congratulations Warriors! It was a fine season
and a well-earned victory for a deserving team.

A final thought: Build now for a better season
that is surely on the way, and keep in mind that
a winner never quits and a quitter never wins.”
