---
id: "419"
title: "Sports Items"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0027.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
SPORTS ITEMS

BOXING

Joe McNeair, ECHO
Sports Editor, in an inter-
view with Supt. Banmil-
ler, learned that at the
present time we cannot be permitted to watch TV
Boxing. Mr. Banmiller said, “I can understand the
fellows’ desire to view TV fights, but the time has
to be considered. It would be almost 11 o’clock be-
fore a ten-round fight would be over, and that’s too
late.”

SOFTBALL

A six-team Softball
League is being formed
under the direction of Mr.
Thomas H. Graham, Di-
reetor of Athletics. League games will be played in
the 3-Block Recreation Yard. All men interested in
playing are to turn in their names to Mr. Graham
before March 2nd, 1959.

BASKETBALL

It is reported that the
Chapel Basketball Court
is to be macadamized in
time for a Summer Bas-
ketball League. This court will also be used by the
Cherry Hill Varsity when they play host to visiting
“outside” teams. No more dust clouds or mud pud-
dles to contend with!

FOOTBALL

In a post-dinner chat,
upon being informed that
one of our teams under
Little Mae’s leadership
had a season such as the Eagles did in 1958, Bucko
Kilroy, Eagles’ great, and recent visitor, replied,
“yerhaps he could use our scores for the coming
year.”

NOTICE

Any Basketball or Softball teams desiring to play
cur Cherry Hill Varsity Squads, are advised to
contact Mr. Thomas H. Graham, Director of Edu-
cation and Athletics, here at Eastern State Peni-
tentiary. (Obviously, all our games must be sched-
uled as home games.)
