---
id: "42"
title: "Do It Yourself"
author: "Corvi, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
DO IT YOURSELF
by JOSEPH J. CORVI

THE TREND IN MOST PENAL institutions to-
day is to de-emphasize the ‘penal’ and to lay
more stress on correction and rehabilitation.
Rather than concentrate entirely on punishing their
inmates, penologists are becoming aware that a cor-
rectional program incorporated into their institu-
tions would result in the releasing of inmates
suitable adjusted to become citizens, rather than
pariahs of society.

A study has shown that a very large percentage
of inmates have an unstable, erratic work record
with no specific training or special skills. This in-
stability in part may be caused by their disinterest
in their work compounded by the less attractive pay
envelope. Many left school and rushed into the
first job that was offered them, never questioning
the potentialities of the job: whether it offered
training that would eventually lead to a better po-
sition and raise their standards, or even if they were
suited for that particular job. Too many left school
with very little education and were handicapped in
competing for the more lucrative jobs. The result
being that their dissatisfaction led them on the eter-
nal quest for a ‘better job’.

For those who have no particular training or
specific skills it is reeommended that they take ad-
vantage of the time on their hands and try to learn
a trade that would hold their interest and return a
substantial pay when once again they are released
to society and their families. To compete, it is not
enough to learn or gain a working knowledge of
your trade. You must become thoroughly familiar
with your work to the extent that it becomes a part
of your life, so attractive in its own way that you
look forward each morning with anticipation as you
approach your workshop or plant. Work is not a
drudgery unless you will it to be so. Create an in-
terest in your work and what has been drudgery at
once becomes a pleasant task. But effort must be
applied to the task. Don’t just use your present
job as a bridge to span time from ‘portal to portal’.

Granted that the vocational training as outlined
for this institution is still in its infancy, there is a
sufficient and varied amount of trades available to
those interested. Your Vocational Director, Mr.
Fred Banks, is ready and willing at all times to
counsel and advise you. He can point you in the
right direction but you must tread the way your-
self. No advice or counsel is worth the effort to
utter them unless the recipient possesses the forti-
tude and determination to take advantage and
follow through.

