---
id: "420"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness is Just a Dog Called:
SNOOPY

ALWAYS KEEP THEM LAUGHING

After prowling the institution, Snoopy reports
he can’t find a trio more jovial than Lamont, Harry
and 0-9.

Charley Norman confided in our tail-wagger that
his chess game definitely will improve this year.
(Wishful thinking?)

The Beau Brummell of Dogland happened by
Benny the Barber’s shop. There stood Benny gazing
fondly at his new Barber’s license, all the while
eutting his customer’s eyelashes off, (alas, poor eye-
lashes).

Prancing around like the “Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof’, ever alert for stray tacks, Snoopy dropped in
on the newly organized Upholstery Class. There he
spied Earl Brown, who was hammering away while
spitting out tacks and his own brand of dry humor,
to the delight of all within hearing.

SEARCH OFF—SPOTLIGHT ON

Taking a breather from his hectic search for the
stray tom-cat that played such havoe with our strict-
ly female feline population, and who left behind a
multitude of tiny mewling mementos, Snoopy sat a
spell and became deeply engrossed with the attitude
of one of our senior inmates, Joe Buzzard. Joe is in
the autumn of his days, but he gets friskier with the
passing of time. Spouting vitriolic advice to the
footballers, he’s always ready to defend his right
to root for whom he chooses, and how he elects to
Goes

In a quieter tone, Joe drew a word picture of
Mr. Thomas H. Graham, Athletic Director, for giv-
ing a man of Joe’s advanced years a chance to try-
out for the Varsity Softball Team. Mr. Graham/’s
huneh paid off with “Old Joe” romping like a
schoolboy at first base, as well as turning into one
of the team’s leading hitters. A tip of the paw to
Eastern’s own “Satch Page”.

HOME ON THE RANGE

While in the Craft Shop, Snoopy gave out with
a howl of animated pleasure while watching Knobby
Richter, whose entire tonnage was straddling a
hobby-horse designed for a toddler. Trying in vain
to assume a look other than one of sheer joy, he
kept rockin’ away like Marshal Mat Dillon. His
story was: “I just want to see how strong it is!”
If what he said was true, why did he keep saying,
“Giddee Up, Giddee Up’?

SAVED BY THE BELT

While in the vicinity of Seven Block, our snoop-
ing canine’s ears detected a startled gasp emitted by
Charlie Mooney. It seems Charlie’s lawyers, in a
recent letter, had mentioned something about more
money, with the resulting gasp causing his belt to
snap in half. No casualties however, since it wasn’t
his money-belt and everything held up.

Brother Larry, who was standing by with check-
book in hand and an understanding smile on his
face, gave Snoopy assurance that Charlie would
survive.

KINDNESS MAKES THE MAN

Trotting around the Yard one night recently,
Snoopy had to give a happy wag of his tail when he
saw Dave Croxton crossing the basketball court in
the glare of the Center-Tower spotlight. Holding in
his arms an invalid friend, Dave’s steps lengthened
his shadow into a streak across the yard. Gaining
a firmer grip on his passenger, Dave clumped up the
steep, iron stairway and into the Movie Hall.

THE BEST OF THE BEST

Curled up under a barber chair, with ears alert
and a knowing look in his eyes, Snoopy was listen-
ing to Henry Saby who is currently convalescing
from a football injury. While hair flew in all direc-
tions, Saby was exclaiming for the umpteenth time
why he should have been in ninety other places
rather than at left end in one of the past season’s
gridiron duels, wherein he broke his shoulder.

He had nothing but praise for the lovely Ladies-
in-White at the P.G.H. who pulled him through his
crisis. This being no mean piece of medical won-
der when you consider the deep affection Saby had
for his erisis, and the female-administered treat-
ments it motivated.

Saby let one and all know that the surgeon who
operated on him was none other than the same Dr.
De Palma, whose surgical skill enabled Granny
Hamner, Phillies infielder, to regain use of a dis-
abled shoulder. We, of course, hope that Saby re-
gains full use of his arm, and perhaps a little of
Granny Hamner rubbed off on him, to be evidenced
in his play this coming season.

DON'T BE SO FORMAL

Doing a little classroom-peeping, Snoopy heard
a bit of interesting chit-chat. The teacher was heard
to ask, “Mr. Daunt, will you please step up to the
blackboard?” A soft voice replied, "Just call me
Jackie.”

FOR LOVERS OF WIDE OPEN SPACES

In ages past, the convict was, more often than
not, chosen to be among those who explored beyond
horizons for new lands. Columbus is reported to
have set sail with a crew made up almost entirely of
felons. Snoopy wonders when they will start draft-
ing us for a trip into outer space. If anyone is inter-
ested in such a venture, please contact Tony Space
on 12/2nd. He will be happy to give you all the de-
tails and fill you in on all the qualifications a true
spaceman will need.

A DINNER WELL-DONE

Snoopy has it from good authority that the first
meal James “Botchie” Van Sant ordered upon leay-
ing these premises was PRESSED DUCK. This was
in commemoration of a like dinner, which the
gendarmes so rudely interrupted many years ago.

It has also been related that the bill for said
dinner was forwarded to one “Mike” Quinn, a local
resident. The original feed was supposedly on him,
and since he is not the type to let a couple of decades
make a difference, Mike graciously accepted the tab.

PRACTICE WITH A PURPOSE

A remarkable example of what stick-to-it-
tiveness can do for a diligent person is evident in the
person of John Craig, a twenty-five-year-old inmate
here at E.S.P.

Afflicted with Cerebral Palsy since birth, John
has begun a weight-lifting course, entirely on his
own, to enable him to gain better control of his af-
fected muscles.

The progress he has made is surprising, and a
testimonial to his perseverance. We wish him further
progress as the only fitting reward for such personal
endeavor.

A SIGHT TO BEHOLD

A many-splendored apparition appeared on the
seene recently. It seems he had been helping Jim
Beatty, the world’s most under-paid instructor, who
turns out class after class of skilled sign-painrters.
The paint-splashed beauty was none other than our
own prowling pup.

A BIT OF CANINE WISDOM

Barking out his first quote of the year, Snoopy
claims that, "The secret of prison longevity is—to
do a day at a time.”
