---
id: "422"
title: "Best Tail Forward"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
BEST TAIL FORWARD

by JAMES "Mike" SMITH

The “Darwinian Ex-
plorer’” rose from its
launching pad at 1430
hours. By 14385 hours it
was, in the language of
the technicians, a full-
fiedged “bird.” A direct
wire to the Capitol Build-
ing was utilized to inform
the President and a se-
lect group of Republican
senators that our latest
balanced - budget - break-
er was successfully blast-
ing its way into the wild
blue yonder.

Ruefully cancelling
his golf appointment for
that afternoon, the President called a press confer-
ence. Following the administration’s policy of bi-
partisan participation in national affairs, reporters
from both Republican and Democratic newspapers
were permitted to attend. When refused entry, a
protest was lodged by the local representative of
“Pravda,” but was disallowed because of his admit-
ted allegiance to an organization frowned upon by
the Un-American Activities Committee.

After a short delay caused by a temporary mal-
function of the teleprompter, the President greeted
the assembled reporters with his usual appealing
smile and made his opening remarks.

“Ladies and gentlemen of the press. I wish to
announce that this afternoon the United States suc-
cessfully launched a rocket which has the capability
of reaching the planet Mars. The latest indications
are that this rocket, the ‘Darwinian Explorer,’ will
successfully fulfill its mission. Since the rocket has
as a passenger a small but highly adventurous mon-
key, the accomplishment of this mission will make
the United States the first nation on earth to have
placed a living organism on a foreign planet.”

They shot a rocket into the air, where it fell they know
not where, We lose more damn rockets that way,—
monkeys too!

To quell the uproar which followed this an-
nouncement, the President’s Press-Secretary indi-
eated that the question period was now open. In
order of seniority the reporters addressed their
questions to the President from the floor.

“Mr. President, may we accept this to mean that
the American way of life has proven its superiority
by demonstrating the worthlessness of such cheap
Russian propaganda tricks as their satellite around
the sun?”

“Mr. President, what effect do you believe this
rocket will have on the 1960 elections?”

“Mr. President, certain critics of the foreign aid
program have intimated that our entire space pro-
gram is merely an underhanded effort to discover
more countries to whom we can give our money.
Would you care to comment?”

“Mr. President, have you seen Mr. Hoffa’s state-
ment in which he regards the use of monkeys as an
NAM plot to wreck the test pilots’ union?”

“Mr. President, speaking of monkeys, Mr. Harry
Golden, editor of the ‘Carolina Israelite,’ last week
voiced his fears that if such a monkey were to land
on an inhabited planet, the inhabitants would mis-
takenly accept the animal as a representative of the
human race, and perhaps refuse to make further con-
tact with us because of the animal’s stupidity. Do
you have a comment?”

Just wait until the SPCA hears about this.

After fifteen minutes of such questions and com-
patible answers, the President nodded to his secre-
tary, who signaled the end of the conference. At his
signal the senior member of the press corps rose and
said loudly, “Thank you, Mr. President.” This for-
mally indicated the end of the meeting, and also al- 
lowed the senior member to get a head start in the
mad dash for the telephones in the lobby.

When the room had been cleared, the President
looked at his watch. He smiled and said, “It’s only
ten after three. I can still get in nine holes after all.”

Some time later the Prime Consul of the Martian
Central Congress met with his cabinet and scientific
advisors to discuss the latest reports from the Main
Observatory. The newly appointed czar of the “Spa-
tial Integration Bureau” opened the meeting.

“Planet #3 has recently evinced an interest in
spatial integration as reported by our observatories.
While their efforts toward space travel have been
rather juvenile compared to those of the civilized
universe, they do indicate that, contrary to our pre-
vious calculations, the natives of Planet #3 do have
some intelligence. To date, the planet has not been
explored by any member of the Galactic League
since it was feared that such premature contacts
would disrupt the natural evolution of that species.
However, because of our reports of their activity, the
League last week granted its approval of our re-
quest to be allowed to make initial contact and sub-
sequently integrate Planet #3. Our expedition was
to leave tonight under the able leadership of Am-
bassador Van Quinnik, but later developments have
caused a change in plans. It seems that the maturity
of the natives of Planet #3 has been vastly under-
rated, and they have already demonstrated their de-
sires toward integration with the Galactic League
by sending a rocket to our planet. According to our
Main Observatory this rocket, which very possibly
contains their emissary, will make its landing on
Mars tomorrow morning.”

The next morning 200,000 Martians came to
greet the emissary from Planet #3. They strained
against the linked arms of the guards who surround-
ed the landing area as plotted by the astronomers.
The official party of the Prime Consul and his aides
waited tensely for the arrival of the rocket. Sudden-
ly, the rocket arched into view with a loud roar and
pointed its nose towards the designated landing area.
The crowd “ah’d” as the rocket zoomed towards the
eround, then “ooh’d” as it hit and entered the
ground, leaving only a smoking hole to indicate its
arrival.

Into each life some terrain must fall.

“What on Mars happened?” asked the Prime
Consul, as the band struck up with “Hail to the
Universe.”

“I think his brakes failed,” said an aide.

While the official party and the crowd waited
anxiously, a crew of engineers cautiously investigat-
ed the hole. They reported to a disappointed audi-
ence that it would take at least two days to dig up
the rocket. The Prime Consul and his party left
immediately, and though some of the crowd loitered
about, the landing area was deserted by the second
night of recovery operations except for the hard-
working crew of diggers.

Thus it was that the emissary from Planet #5,
a hungry, battered, and very shook-up spider-
monkey named “Henry”, was released from his rock-
et and greeted by a group of low-class Martian labor-
ers rather than a brass band and the Prime Consul.

A few minutes later the foreman of the laborers
called the Prime Consul’s secretary. “We’ve got that
there thing from Planet #3 uncovered. What do you
want us to do with him?”

The seeretary answered superciliously, “You
happen to be talking about the official emissary of
that planet, my good man, and I’m certain he is not
a thing. As the first man from Planet #3 to visit
Mars, he must be highly thought of in the official
eireles of that goverment to be entrusted with such
a mission. Please invite him to the Prime Consul’s
office, and try to be a little formal, please. He must
be handled with care.”

“You're darn tootin he has to be handled with
care,” answered the foreman. “He just bit one of
my helpers, and right now he’s hanging by his tail
from the top of our crane.”

"Er ... did you say he bit you?" asked the
secretary. “Well, no doubt something like that was
to be expected since you have had no training in
handling foreign dignitaries. But... hanging by
his tail, did you say? That does seem extraordinary.”

“Oh, he’s a weird one, all right,” said the fore-
man. "But I'll bring him in like you said. I may
have to coax him a little with a shovel, but I'll get
him there.”

“Don’t you dare!” screamed the secretary. “Mis-
handling a representative of a foreign planet like
that may result in an interplanetary war. Act with
dignity at all times. Now hurry along.”

Catching Henry, who was thoroughly bewilder-
ed on his first trip away from home, took some time,
but finally the laborers gathered him in and marched,
or rather, carried him to the Prime Consul’s office.

Because of Henry’s rather peculiar behavior the
banquets and public appearances honoring his visit
were postponed while the Prime Consul’s personal
staff of psychologists, psychiatrists, neurologists, so-
clologists, and just plain brain-pickers, made a mass
attack upon the problem of: understanding their
strange visitor from a fellow planet. After three
days of such examination a conference was called in
the Prime Consul’s office to discuss Henry’s status.

The general consensus seemed to be that Henry
was either “not quite all there,” or just plain dumb.
During their tests he had offered no intelligent co-
operation, spending most of his time scratching him-
self, swinging from chandeliers, and generally rais-
ing hell, accompanying his actions by a steady
stream of chitter-chatter which was completely
unintelligible even to the experts of the language
school. One of the consultants had made the claim
that he had made contact with Henry and under-
stood him completely, however his colleagues were
inclined to doubt him since he now spent the greater
part of his time swinging on the chandeliers with
Henry.

You just have to be a monkey to take this trip.

In view of these considerations they could reach
only one conclusion. That the rocket from Planet #3
was a freak occurence, and that Henry and his fellow
“humans?” were really not civilized and had merely
accidentally stumbled upon the proper way to con-
struct a rocketship. This was in line with the well-
known theory that ten idiots, each given a type-
writer and enough paper, would eventually accident-
ally type an understandable novel. Thus, it followed
that Planet #3 was not yet ready for spatial inte-
gration and that Henry must be returned to his
native habitat lest his absence cause a “missing link”
in the evolution of his species. It was agreed that
no further efforts would be made to contact Planet
#3 until a reasonable length of time had passed to
permit Henry’s descendants to become civilized—
say, 3,000,000 years or so.

So, without ceremony, the rocket from Planet #3
was refitted and Henry started on his return trip
from Mars. Having begun this expedition with
noticeable reluctance, and now thoroughly indignant
about the events of the past few days, Henry sat
encased in his straitjacket, chattering to himself,
√ ! * @ * + ° ? ° @ ! ? ÷ * * ♯√ , (was this trip
necessary ?). — THE END
