---
id: "423"
title: "The J. William White Award"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE J. WILLIAM WHITE AWARD

In the early part of this century, Dr. J. William
White, was a resident physician in ESP and later
became a member of the Board of Inspectors. In his
will, he provided that a certain amount of money be
placed in trust to be used by the institution for the
prisoner whose term expired during the year; who
had undergone his first term of penal servitude,
whether here or in any other prison; who was under
25 years of age or over 65 years of age and who was
selected by the authorities as most deserving and
most likely to be of permanently honest ways. This
man was to be given the income of the fund. Dr.
White did this in remembrance of his service as a
resident physician and later as inspector of this
institution,

It appears that this fund did not become op-
erative until after the death of Mrs. White in 1925.

This fund has been reactivated and the Girard
Trust Corn Exchange Bank is the present trustee
and under the terms of the recent adjudication it is
our procedure to certify to the Commissioner wha
shall receive this award. This will be an annual
award and, for the year 1958, Superintendent
William J. Banmiller certified that Louis DiLelia be
awarded the $100, because in the Institutional
Staff's opinion he met the conditions of Dr. White's
will.

Each year, therefore, the staff will recommend
the individual whose term has expired’ during the
year and this, in turn, shall be forwarded by the
Superintendent to the Commissioner, who will
certify the name of the nominee to the trustee for
the award.
