---
id: "424"
title: "Pen-Grins"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0033.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PEN
GRINS
by BOB CULLEN

“Whatdid I tell ya Lefty, just like a Street Bathtub, right?”

THAT WONDERFUL FEELING

There once was a con named McHine
Who every day of the year felt fine,
Until a raid on his cell
Caused all sorts of h-ll,
For there rested a gallon of wine.

“But, he told me he was just making a picket
fence for the Warden's garden!”

A LITTLE LEARNING GOES A LONG WAY

Last week | read in the papers where the Cost of Ed-
ucation was about as high as Uncle Pete in the middle of
a two-week binge. Being civic-minded, | conducted a
little Science Course with my nephew, Oswald, with the
following results:

Monday: I was demonstrating Newton’s Law of Gravity
by dropping a five lb. brick and a two Ib. brick out of the
third-floor window. The experiment was a complete
success as both hit the bread man at the same time when
he walked around the corner. Cost: $185.00 for hospital
bills.

Tuesday: Duplicated another Philadelphian’s experiment
by flying Box kite in a thunder and lightning storm. Cost:
$3.50 for Box kite and $65.00 for new suit, both ruined
by rain.

Wednesday: Showed the boy how gas is lighter than air
by filling large balloon from kitchen gas-stove. Demon-
stration was going good until the balloon floated into
neighbor's patio where they were grilling steaks on an
open fire. Cost: $40.00 for shattered windows and patio
damage. (Possible law suit.)

Thursday: Tried to show Oswald the principles of the
electric chair, but experiment was a failure due to a
faulty electrical connection which set the couch afire.
Cost: $35.00 for new couch.

Friday: Today, |’m showing the lad how to make nitro-
glycerin by process of putting cut-up pieces of dynamite
in kettle of water and cooking over a low flame. What's
that Oswald? What's boiling o
v
e
r?
