---
id: "43"
title: "Serving Time--Because of a Condition"
author: "Robertson, Neal"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SERVING TIME-- BECAUSE OF A CONDITION
by NEAL ROBERTSON

WHENEVER AN INMATE OF A PENAL
institution has the temerity to criticise the
Parole System openly, the usual reaction is
that the man is not rehabilitated, hence not ready
for parole. Especially is this true when a recidivist
thinks out loud. Then he is apt to be labeled a
prison-wise, hardened criminal.

The constant stream of technical parole viola-
tors being returned to prison, however, does prove
conclusively that there is something wrong with
either the Rehabilitation Program or the Parole Sys-
tem. So, for this one time, let’s take a look at the
picture through the eyes of a recidivist.

From the day he was sentenced, Richar Roe look-
ed ahead eagerly to the day his minimum sentence
would expire. He hoped and prayed that he would
be paroled promptly on that day. He had been in
trouble before, but he felt sure the judge had taken
his past record into consideration when he was sen-
tenced. His institution record was very good. Aft-
er he was released from quarantine, he conformed to
the regimentation and discipline of prison, obeyed
the rules and regulations; he felt that he read more
than the average citizen in the free world and he
considered himself better informed than the average
citizen on topics of the day. In addition, he had tak-
en advantage of that part of the institutional reha-
bilitation program he felt would raise his standard
of living after his release on parole. In short, he
could see no good reason why he should not be pa-
roled promptly. Then, approximately two months
before his minimum sentence expired, he was given
a hearing by the Parole Board.

About three weeks after his case was heard by
the Parole Board, Richard Roe was ealled to the
Institution Parole Office and given his notification
slip. It read: ‘‘Parole continued for an adequate
Parole Plan.’’. Well, at least parole was not denied
outright. Unfortunately for him, his immediate
family was dead and he had no relatives who might
help him. Furthermore, he had lost contact with
the few friends he had because of his incarceration.
He knew other men in prison faced the same problem
he faced, many of them months overdue. After
unsuccessfully exploring several avenues questing
an ‘‘adequate Parole Plan’’ he knew he faced the
possibility of having to serve his maximum sentence.
Of course he had known for years that ex-cons,
even after they had paid their full debt to Society,
were barred from countless jobs. Time slipped by
and he was now overdue. From his conversation
with other inmates and the few answers he received
from letters he wrote for employment, he realized
it was almost impossible to find a business man who
didn’t know him and who would hold a job open for
him while the job was being investigated by a
parole officer and approved by the Parole Board.

All of which took time. Perhaps a month or two.
When a business man needed a man, he wanted that
man today. A wave of resentment overwhelmed
Richard Roe then, but he scanned the newspaper
ads and continuously wrote letters for both employ-
ment and a place to live. Finally, when he was
three months overdue, he received a favorable letter
from a personnel director who hired kitchen help
for a chain of restaurants. Washing dishes was
definitely not what Richard Roe wanted to do but,
what the hell, most of all he wanted to get out of
prison—pronto! A week later he received a letter
from a woman who operated a rooming house.
Most rooming house operators wanted nothing to
do with ex-convicts. This woman would take him
in, however, provided he paid for the room in ad-
vance during the period it took to investigate his
parole plan. This he decided to do, although he
had no assurance whatever the Parole Board would
approve of the room. He had two hundred and fifty
dollars. Money he had saved while in prison.
Money that came the hard way. His resentment
mounted when he sent the money to the woman.
Then it dawned upon him that he was being held in
prison because of a condition; his only offense being
that he had no relatives to help him obtain a solid
parole plan. Days merged into days and became
weeks and months; then, finally, he was notified
that his parole plan had been approved. This notice
of approval came five months and seventeen days
after his minimum sentence had expired.

Lucky indeed is the married inmate with a loyal
wife who has managed to keep a house together
while her husband is in prison. If this man can get
his old job back again doing familiar work his chan-
ces of not returning to prison are much better than
average, his only mental hazard being the fact that
his boss and a few friends or fellow workers know of
his former incarceration.

Recidivist has talked with numerous men who
are in prison today, solely because they cannot ob-
tain an adequate or solid parole plan. One violator
with whom I talked confided that he had made up
his mind to jump parole before he left prison because
he was so many months overdue. When he was
finally released he checked into a hotel and ordered
a ro and a Blonde’ and said, ‘‘to hell with pa-
role”.

If the above man had been released promptly
it is possible that he might have violated his parole
anyway. Who knows? But a person doesn’t need to
be a psychologist to realize that no matter how good
an Institutional Rehabilitation Program might be, its
beneficial effects can be completely nullified by keep-
ing men in prison months after they should have
been released on parole, because of a condition.....

Something should be done about this condition!
