---
id: "430"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Alabama Bulletin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "1"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1959_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For the Echo Record

DE-EMPHASIZE THE RECORDS

I long ago quit paying attention to rec-
ords! If I had my way when a man came into
prison I would tear up his record. I would
blot it out whether it was good or bad and let
him start life all over again. . .

Lewis E. Lawes
Famous late warden of Sing Sing

NO SUCH THING AS HALF-TRUST

From a Saturday Evening Post article by
Reed Cozart, noted American Penologist.

Many of today’s prisons are operated as
they have been for generations, and with equal
failure. They are instruments of punishment—
which is often cruel—with more broken people
turned out than are sent in...

People in prisons react to cruelty, oppres-
sion and dictatorship just as they do elsewhere.
They become deeply bitter and resentful. They
take such measures as are available to them to
retaliate.

We think about prisoners only when they
rebel against bad prison conditions or when
the press or some specially interested group
carries a program of reform.

But our prisons need not fail. . .

Prisons will serve society as they should
when they are rid of two wide-spread miscon-
ceptions in their operations, and when they es-
tablish positive programs of leadership to help
men live at peace with their fellows. The mis-
coneceptions.are that prisons should be operated
as fortresses in reverse—to hold people inside—
and that their purpose is the punishment of
wrong-doers. We have thought that walled
institutions with barred cells provided security
for society, and that punishment would turn
law violators into law-abiding citizens. The
troubles in our prisons and the number of re-
peaters they turn out tells another story...

The basic element in a prison program
geared to rehabilitation is trust. The dis-
charged prisoner must have more than his
normal share of self-confidence and sense of
responsibility if he is to make good in society.
There is no way to build a sense of responsi-
bility except to trust them. And there can be
no such thing as half-trust. He’ll spot it in-
stantly and feel no further responsibility for
measuring up to any high expectations. Lie
to a prisoner and you lose all chance of moral
leadership. .

VIA—ALABAMA BULLETIN
