---
id: "435"
title: "... Flash... PPS Award for 1959 Goes to Mrs. Dorothy W. Scheer"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0002.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
... Flash . . . PPS Award For 1959 Goes To Mrs. Dorothy W. Scheer...

by L. J. BIANCONE, PPA Correspondent

Mrs. Dorothy W. Scheer

(PPA—Dispatch) Eastern Penitentiary, Phila., Pa.—A
local and humble housewife, whose diligence in doing good
won her the unprecedented title of “MRS. PUBLIC RELA-
TIONS OF THE PENAL PRESS” here last year, was signifi-
cantly honored by the Pennsylvania Prison Society for the
work which merited her the cherished title.

Mrs. Dorothy W. Scheer of 641 Maris Street, was singu-
larly cited for her ‘‘outstanding lay-volunteer’’ service on be-
half of prison inmates confined in institutions throughout the
western hemisphere, and was presented with a certificate of
award during the Prison Society’s 172nd annual meeting.
Co-honored with the nation’s foremost citizen-participant in
prison work was Dr. G. I. Giardini, for “outstanding profes-
sional” service. The latter, a long-time associate of the Penn-
sylvania Board of Parole, is a staunch advocate of modern
prison reform.

According to G. Richard Bacon, the Society’s executive
secretary, this is only the second time—beginning in 1953
that two awards have been bestowed in a single year. “In the
two instances,’’? he said, “one has been for outstanding lay-
volunteer service and the other for outstanding professional
service.’

Dot—as she is affectionately called by members of the
captive press—publicly expressed her appreciation in a tape-
recorded interview, which was aired over a local CBS radio
station, featuring the nightly program of “WONDERFUL
TOWN”—regularly emceed by Ralph Collier, noted public
relations expert and book critic.

The citation was co-signed by Bacon, and the noted crim-
inologist, Dr. Negley K. Teeters of Temple University, as
Prison Society president.

The citation:

“THE PHNNSYLVANIA PRISON SOCIETY AWARD
FOR 1959

“The citizen in a democracy may delegate authority but
he cannot absolve himself from responsibility.’’ The con-
nection between citizen responsibility and prison reform has
been a tenuous one chiefly because prison reform over the
years has depended too much on those whose interest in meth-
ods of crime control is academic.

A cardinal principle in the creed of The Pennsylvania
Prison Society from its beginning has been its compassionate
conviction that reform must emanate from an understanding
of the aspirations and needs of the individual prisoner. The
conviction prompted the adoption of a lay-prison-visiting-
program which has flowered into the present day professional
service of the Pennsylvania Prison Society.

Occasionally individual compassionate souls have been the
torch bearers for a better understanding of the offender as a
human being. Their names are inscribed in the history of
peaal reform.

Such a person is the one whom the Pennsylvania Prison
Society is proud to honor today. Mrs. Dorothy Scheer with
extraordinary expenditure of time, effort and resources has
single-handed thrown the bright light of her torch on a neg-
lected avenue of communication, Mrs. Scheer has conducted
a campaign to publicize prison inmate publications, to in-
crease citizen circulation, and to enlist the cooperation of mem-
bers of the press and publishing fraternity in nurturing this
promising avenue of communication between the prisoner and
the outside world. Her work has received national recogni-
tion from the penal press.

In recognition of her unique contribution to better under-
standing of the offender through an avenue of direct com-
munication, The Pennsylvania Prison Society presents this
annual Award.

It is indeed regrettable that this glowing citation—so
brilhantly composed and reflecting the universal sentiments
of confined men and women, and even children—did not merit
a single column inch in the local press in so deserving a tri-
bute to such an outstanding and unselfish local citizen. From
the writer’s point of view—admittedly rather dim behind
bars—this virtually unprecedented award had all the aspects
of pure news value—the new, strange, picturesque and unex-
pected. Queried about the tragic ‘‘oversight,” the ruddy-
faced Bacon lamented, “it was a great disappointment to us,
too!’’? He added, however, “one of the two big newspapers in
the city did send a photographer, but he got here too late.’’

Dot Scheer’s interest in prison inmates was first aroused
some five years ago pursuant to reading Ken Seudder’s book,
“Prisoners Are People.’ Since then she has been an inde-
fatigable worker as a citizen-participant. She has been the
recipient of an award for the last three consecutive years.

Her first award came from prisoners of the London Pris-
on Farm in the state of Ohio, when the editorial staff of that
institution’s publication—Agricola—presented her with their
“Golden Award.’’ Said inmate editor Jerry Jarrett, “it was
the highest award we could present to anyone...”

Her second award came in January of 1958. In an emo-
tion-choked audience of so-called hard-boiled inmates, and a
few specially invited civic-minded citizens—who braved a cold
torrential downpour to attend—Dot Scheer was proclaimed
‘Mrs. Public Relations of the Penal Press” on behalf of some
200 prison publications scattered throughout the western hem-
isphere. The title was conferred by the host publication—
Hastern Echo—here at Eastern Penitentiary.

Highlights of the 172nd annual meeting of the Prison
Society—in addition to the awards—included a “message’’ by
its president; the executive secretary’s annual report; and a
distinguished guest speaker, A. M. Kirkpatrick, executive
director of the John Howard Society of Toronto, Canada. The
Canadian made a personal appearance on the “Wonderful
Town’’ program following the historical meeting, and con-
ducted himself with diligent dispatch during the 15-minute
interview in championing the universal cause of prisoners.

In delivering his message, Dr. Teeters, Prison Society
President, reviewed the aims and purposes of the Society as
outlined in the preamble of its Constitution, ratified May 8,
1787, He said, “the architect of our preamble . . . embalms
this statement: ‘From the conviction of the truth and obliga-
tion of these principles . . . the subscribers have associated
themselves for effecting these purposes: to prevent the undue
and illegal sufferings (of prisoners); to preserve unbroken
the links that should bind the whole family of mankind to-
gether Bee

In a searing attack against prison administrators rep-
resenting the old machine-gun-school of criminology, the noted
criminologist in pondering these principles 172 years later
asked: “How many prisoners at this moment are in dark or
isolation cells on a bread and water diet, ‘to bring them into
line’ or ‘to show them who’s boss’; or how many are being
flogged in states where such a penalty is illegal but where
(ouch!) it is still administered by a capricious warden (or
superintendents of juvenile institutions?) ”

“Bread and water,” he observed, “is symbolic of the 17th
century . . . yet fully 20 prisons (presumably state) in re-
sponding to a questionnaire ... admitted to such a restric-
tion in punishment cells.” According to the writer’s own re-
search, it took exactly 125 years to abolish this practice at
Hastern Penitentiary while an apathetic public glorified and
eulogized its proponents for “meritorious service” It is also
interesting to note that there are far in excess of 20 county
jails throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania alone
that have not yet abandoned this medieval punishment.

Dr. Teeters—a prolific researcher and ponderous writer
continued his searing attack in a prepared statement: “There
is little doubt,” he said, “that it (bread and water) is still
used, together with excessively long periods in dark cells,
(with) inmates being almost completely at the mercy of one
man—warden, deputy, or ‘disciplinarian.” NO ONE MAN,’’
he emphasized, “SHOULD HAVE THIS AUTHORITY!”

Acutely aware of puble apathy, the benevolent doctor
counseled, “ . there are so many areas in which human mo-
tivation can flourish whether within or without the field of
corrections that intelligent and even slizhtly compassionate
people can ‘give of themselves’ without being reminded of the
‘obligations of benevolence.’ ”

Dr. Teeters—professor of sociology and kindred subjects
at Temple University for the past 35 years—concluded his
remarks quoting from Seripture. ‘“‘Charity,’ he quoted,
‘suffereth long and is kind . . . charity vaunteth not itself, it
is not puffed up; doth not behave itself unseemely.’ ‘Is not
this immortal excerpt from St. Paul,’ the enlightened en-
visionary asked, ‘What those charter members of this venera-
ble Society had in mind?”
