---
id: "437"
title: "No Hope Without It"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
No Hope Without It

Probably no portion of the Pennsylvania Penal System has ever
been under such incessant attack or been so thoroughly criticised as
parole, probation and commutation practices. There isn’t any other
phase of our life about which the average citizen is less informed than
that which circumscribes the care and release of prisoners. And, to
the man on the street, the problems attendent to parole and the pa-
rolee are completely misunderstood or wholly unknown.

It should not be assumed that parole necessarily implies leniency
or merey. Primarily parole is a continuation of the prison sentence de-
signed to keep the prisoner under supervision and control while he is
adjusting to the modes and mores of an orderly society.

The immeasurable good accomplished by parole is clearly estab-
lished by a century of progress in criminal law and prison administra-
tion. Defenders of the parole system hold it to be the most important
and. effective brace in the entire structure of prison reform.

If there is a single accomplishment of which the rule of confine-
ment and more confinement can be proud, I don’t know what it could
be. Nor does any other reasonably intelligent person.

The implications of rehabilitation are tantamount to the law’s
acceptance of more parole, probation and commutations. What better
way is there to rehabilitate a man than by placing him in society where
he can adjust to it under normal conditions?

A blind man may enjoy beauty through another’s eyes, but he will
never know the reality of beauty for himself.

The same rule applies to prisoners. Telling them how and why
they should conform to society isn’t going to accomplish half as much
as allowing them to learn from the experience of being part of that
society.

I will not deny that in many instances a training period is re-
quired,—but let’s not have the entire training period take place be-
hind prison walls. Even professional athletes sometimes lose the game
—because they over-trained. Joseph J. Cuff, Editor
