---
id: "439"
title: "The Echo Mail Bag"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE ECHO MAIL BAG

Dear Mr. Cuff:

" ... I wish you'd pass on to your
colleagues on the ECHO staff my heartiest
congratulations on their work. It is a
splendidly conceived and edited publica-
tion which certainly reflects credit on all
those who participate in it.’’

Walter Cronkite,
CBS NEWS

Your kind words offer incentive to our
endeavors. THE BULLETIN FORUM
with which you are associated also deserves
words of praise for helping to awaken the
public to our present-day problems.

Dear Mr. Cuff:

I have just seen for the first time a
copy of THE EASTERN ECHO. Because
I find it very interesting, I would like to
see it regularly beginning, if you please,
with the Spring of 1959 issue.

Enclosed is my check for $1.00 for one
year’s subscription.

Sincerely yours,
Mary E. Samson, Exec. Secretary
Phila.-Camden Soe. Ser. Exchange

Our welcome mat is always out to
new friends.

Gentlemen:

“.. this is a very fine magazine, It is
attractive as soon as you see it, with its
smooth paper, good type and set-up, and
the reader is not disappointed when he
starts to read it.

Perhaps my tiny contribution will do
some good, not only to keep the magazine
in publication, but to bring us to a re-
alization of how better to treat unfortu-
nate people who have been foolish.’’

Sincerely,

H. J. Millar,
Philadelphia, Penna.

Dear Mr, Cuff:
I am very pleased to know that you
found our contribution on the recent
Bulletin Forum program interesting and
informative.

I extend my heartiest congratulations
upon the splendid publication of which
you serve as Editor. I have heard of
THE ECHO previously but have never had
the opportunity to review it in full as I
had upon receipt of the copies you for-
warded. It is outstanding in its format
and its content provides for very in-
teresting reading.

As one who has had an abiding interest
in corrections from the point of crime
prevention to the point of rehabilitation
through good parole practices, I share your
concern that these important instruments
of crime prevention and contro] are so
casually understood by the average citizen.
Perhaps through the efforts of all who
share this concern and instruments such as
the media of THH EASTERN ECHO, a
better understanding can be received of
the offender, his problems, his needs and of
the agencies of society best equipped
to fulfill the objectives of successful
rehabilitation.

Thank you for your comments and all
good wishes for the success of The Eastern
Echo.

Sincerely yours,
Randolph E. Wise, Commissioner
Dept. of Public Welfare, Phila.

We’re glad to know we are on the
right road. It is our intention to make
Mr. and Mrs. Average Citizen more fully
aware of the importance of their participa-
tion in achieving the desired results.

Dear Sir:

Thanks a million for forwarding to me
the two recent issues of the EASTERN
ECHO.

Although I have not had the opportunity
of going through the magazine thoroughly,
from what I see at first glance, it appears
to be a very well prepared and informative
piece of work.

I will keep these publications within
reach for future reading.

Very truly yours,
Thomas J. Gibbons,
Commissioner of Police,
City of Philadelphia

Your favorable comments are appreci-
ated. May we also add that we heartily
endorse your expressed opinions as they
appeared in the SATURDAY EVENING
POST and were aired during THE BUL-
LETIN FORUM.

THE ECHO THANKS YOU

Sincere thanks to you wonderful people
... who encourage us to ascend . . . by
your many inspiring letters ... on which
we’ll always depend ... Your opinions
will always be welcome ... regardless
how good or bad .. . because it shows you
read the ECHO... which makes us more
than glad ... There’s always room for
improvement without progress we
expire ... for without your informative
letters . . . we might never know what
you desire .. . So, once again, we of the
ECHO ... wish to express our heartfelt
appreciation for the time you’ve
given so freely . . . to help us improve
our publication.
