---
id: "440"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "Banmiller, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Superintendent's Desk:

Pre-release instruction, stressing prepara-
tion for life in the community.

We at Eastern have a pilot project in this
and it has proved most successful. After a
number Of years in prison, men meed to be
guided in the very elemental and fundamental
steps at time of release.

Superimposed on this is the need for un-
derstanding of the man. That can’t be obtained
from text books. It must come from the heart
without becoming maudlin and without com-
promising conscience. We must balance equities. We must realize that
there is not 100% success. There will be failures, of course, consequent
severe criticisms. We have learned to accept this as sine qua non of
office. 

An offender knows there must be a penalty for his criminal act.
He, too, knows that to gain release he must sincerely enter into any
program that is offered within the prison and conform to the rules so
necessary for.a large group of men. For a variety of reasons, some
cannot be recommended for release. However, when a man has done
everything that has been asked of him, when the authorities feel that
he has attained maturity and participated sincerely in all the programs,
and there is a reasonable certainty of successful parole adjustment
strong adverse release action negates all the good that has been done.

Until the Legislature realizes our role and function and provides
the necessary budget to integrate these necessary services to make a
rehabilitation program conform to modern concept of penology, we
cannot attain in Pennsylvania the role this great Commonwealth should
have as in the past.

Until the counties provide funds to allow adequate and effective
probation departments, preparing pre-sentence reports, effective pro-
bation (these too are convicted men embraced within the subject) ; yes,
even counselling as a condition of probation, we cannot realize the value
of reclamation of the convicted.

Apropos parolees, I should like to paraphrase Shakespeare: “The good
that most parolees do is interred in the limbo of the forgotten men.
The evil that few men do lives on.”

The above ts a portion of a speech de-
liwvered by Mr. Banmiller before the Penn-
sylvama Prison Society on May 5, 1958.

THE E.S.P. STORY

On October 5, 1835, a detachment of Marines guarded the transfer of prisoners
(60 men and 9 women) from the old Walnut Street Jail to the Eastern Penitentiary.
The prisoners were transported in omnibus and carriages, all arriving without incident.
