---
id: "441"
title: "The Basic Urge"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by JAMES “Mike” SMITH

THE BASIC URGE

In sharp contrast with the cryptic radio signal
which traces the path of physical science’s latest
push to the stars are the millions of printed words
and recorded orations of the lecture platforms which
track the progress of those engaged in the study of
the twin social sciences—criminology and penology.
Whether clad in mufti or the clinical robes of the
new semi-priesthood of psychology, these dedicated
devotees peer into the soul of man with their latest
probing techniques, attempting to find there the
cause of the aberration which has blotted out his
supposedly innate goodness and made him at one
time a criminal and a subject for study.

Year after year they wend their philosophical
and statistical way through mysterious masses of
correlated data (and sometimes uncorrelated errata)
concerning environment, heredity, and psychological
evaluations; desperately seeking the etiology of
criminal thought and action, the cancer of modern
society. To the layman the recorded path of their
studies bears an unfortunate similarity to that of an
orbiting satellite. Each study is launched with a
blaze of inspiration, quickly penetrates the disturb-
ingly unscientific atmosphere of radical adventure,
then loses momentum and starts its orbit amidst a
vacuum of original thought and comfortable con-
formism. Eventually it returns to its point of origin
—a preconceived theory, bearing its pre-ordained
vindication of that preconceived theory, and another
article, thesis, or book is published placing its auth-
or firmly in one already established camp or another.

The standard prescriptive dogmas based upon
such studies have thus far failed to have any measur-
able effect upon the constantly increasing rate of
eriminal and moral violations. Since such studies
are conducted for the most part by professionals,
we may readily accept the accuracy of their opera-
tions and validity of their findings. However, some
doubt may be logically cast upon the substantiality
of their basic premise; namely, the existence within
man of an original and innate goodness. The accept-
ance of this premise forces upon the experimenter
the further blind acceptance of the totally unproven
theory that crime is an unnatural syndrome which
could be easily erased if one could only discover
its cause.

A denial of this tenet of original goodness, while
perhaps iconoclastic in nature, allows a freedom of
thought which is conducive towards opening new
avenues of approach. Jesus Christ, who may with-
out profanity be called the greatest social worker
of all time, spent his lifetime on earth proclaiming
his belief in the essential goodness of man, and was
placed upon a torturous crucifix by the subjects of
his beneficent attention. Through his thoughts,
words, and acts, a new religion was founded during
his life on earth and given impetus by the gospel of
his martyrdom and resurrection. Christianity, with
its moral values ,standards, and beliefs, is synony-
mous with goodness, but is it an innate quality of
mankind?

Is a newborn child endowed with a natural sense
of right and wrong, a natural compassion for his
parents, siblings, and fellow human beings, a natu-
ral inclination to accept the limitations of his self-
liberty for the benefit of society, and a natural ac-
ceptance of rules and regulations over which he
had no control? If your answer is: “Of course not,
he’s not old enough to think,” then I thank you, for
you have personally removed such attributes of
ooodness from the realm of inborn “emotions” and
placed them under “reason” which must be acquired.
A child is born with the power to reason, but cannot
do so until he has acquired the necessary facts and
the intelligence to evaluate them. Since goodness
implies the acceptance of abstract values the judg-
ment of the same must be a learned talent based on
experience and the newborn child has no such back-
eround.

Practically speaking, a baby is a self-centered
monster existing only for his own satisfaction. His
early behavior is completely instinctual, and he
cares not one iota for the feelings of those who sur-
round him other than how they affect him. There-
fore he is a criminal, capable of criminal emotions
if not criminal actions. This is not an aberration,
but a natural inborn quality. He fears any threat
to his existence or comfort, and violently hates any-
one who denies him his self-centered satisfaction.

Through growth and the development of his
power to reason he learns to act a role in which he
sublimates his natural emotions in a more social
effort to obtain his goals. He finds he must necessari-
ly temper his animalistic instincts to receive coopera-
tion from those upon whom he is dependent. This
lesson is reinforced through years of parental train-
ing, school education, spiritual guidance, and the ex-
perience of enforced co-existence with his fellows.
By the time he reaches maturity he has learned to
adopt these acquired values as a type of sheep’s

Accepting criminal action as a
breakbown of acquired and learn-
ed traits, then the only salyation
for the criminal is rehabilitation
thru treatment,—not punishment.

Environment and heredity may
also have a part in the making of
a criminal, but merely as an acci-
dent abetting the basic underlying
fault.

clothing which partially conceals the basic wolfish-
ness of his egocentric drives and consciousness. He
has become a Christian and has “goodness.”

Sometimes this training and experience is so
fully accepted as to completely obliterate his basical-
ly anti-social drives, and a truly well-adjusted,
“civilized” person is the result. However, under
stress or lack of fulfillment within the role, this
barrier may, in a lesser person, develop chinks when
the acquired training does not bring sufficient com-
pensation in self-satisfaction.

The minor symptoms of rudeness and curtness
may indicate a lessening regard for the learned traits
of goodness because they did not bring the expected
rewards. Meckness may be an indication that the
individual feels he must be more “good because for
some reason he is not receiving the awards he ex-
pected from his learned actions. Therefore, because
of his very strong training or experience, he tries too
hard to please his neighbors and attempts to coerce
them by his over-defensiveness into helping him at-
tain his goals.

More serious breakdowns result in psychologi-
cally labeled reactions such as paranoia, an over
suspicion of his neighbors because he is not reeciv-
ing his rewards; schizophrenia, a split in personality
which cannot be reconciled because of an internal
struggle between acquired goodness and instinctual
criminality; and catatonic withdrawal, a complete
surrender and withdrawal from competition because
his training and experience in goodness has not
brought him sufficient rewards, and his instinctual
ageression is too deeply buried in his subconscious.

We are primarily ‘concerned with yet another
type of reaction—the criminal. Following our theory
a criminal is a person who because of lack of self-
satisfaction through the use of the acquired princi-
ples of goodness, discards them and reverts to the
basic, open antagonism of the child to obtain his
goals. The subconscious struggle which takes place
within him between his innate instincts towards
satisfaction by any means and his learned pattern of
good behavior is indicated by the many instances in
which the criminal unconsciously makes some glar-
ing error which causes his future apprehension.

Those criminals classified as mentally subnormal
or neurotic did not become criminals as a direct re-
sult of this variance from norm, but because these
defects made them incapable of successfully compet-
ing with the better oriented and adjusted members
of society in the perpetual race for self-satisfying
goals. Thus they sought another outlet for their
competitive drives, reversion to childhood values
and behavior. Passion murders can also be explained
under this theory as a temporary, but complete re-
version to type when the acquired social graces and
values have not brought complete goal satisfaction
in the areas of romance, adoration, love, or security.

Environment and heredity may also play a part
in the making of a criminal, but merely as an acci-
dent abetting the basic underlying fault of instinct
not fully subdued to the patterns of society.

The rising rate of crime in modern society may
be easily explained under this theory as a direct by-
product of the total stress placed upon competition
which is sadly necessary for the welfare of a demo-
cratic and capitalistic form of government. The
progress of our highly industrial state and the sub-
sequently higher standard of living has displaced the
older, more staid values and goals such as a com-
fortable home, a good job, and a loving family. To-
day’s emphasis is on a bigger home, a better job,
and a better-dressed family. Keeping up with the
Jones’ has created higher goals which naturally re-
quire more strenuous competition. Therefore those
with lesser talents, once able to obtain the more
ordinary goals by adherence to their principles of
goodness and Christianity, now fall by the wayside
in this increased struggle for economic and social
supremacy between citizens and nations.

For that reason those nations with a lower stan-
dard of living are usually blessed with a lower crime
rate. The citizens of such a state have lower goals
attainable by the majority, and their lack of expo-
sure to the experienced pleasures of the wealthy
minority make these goals completely satisfactory.
However, as these nations begin to compete in the
world market, and increased channels of ¢ommuni-
eation urge upon the citizens of the poorer nations
the advantages of wealth, higher goals become popu-
lar, and their erime rate increases proportionately
to challenge ours.

The analogy of crime and cancer is very valid.
In cancer the uncontrolled cells seem to be follow-
ing a basic urge to divide and multiply regardless
of the consequenees or rules laid down by the laws
of growth and organization. The criminal is com-
parable to a cancer cell in that he is following an
instinctive urge towards self-preservation and self-
fulfillment. Laws and regulations to control both
types can be laid down by the head organization
(the body in one case, society in the other), but
these can only attempt to control and lessen the
effects of the same, they cannot cure or eliminate
completely the basic urge which leads the wild cells
or criminals to act as they do.

Acceptance of this theory would indicate that
one must accept a criminal action as a breakdown of
acquired and learned traits, not as a result of some
strange virus to which only some are susceptible.
If this is so, the only salvation for the criminal is
rehabilitation, and treatment, in an attempt to re-
pair the chinks which have developed in his social
armour of good behavior. This will not be successful
in every case, but will certainly be more efficacious
than punishment which only adds the desire for
revenge to the distorted goal patterns of the crim-
inal. Only by erasing those instinctive values which
have come to the surface of the criminal’s character
because of stress in competition, and re-educating
him in the use of socially acceptable means to satis-
fy his egocentric goals, can we reclaim him for so-
ciety’s benefit. Punishment has no more meaning
for a criminal who acts instinctively than it does to
a newborn child who acts the same way.
