---
id: "442"
title: 'A Stroll Down "The Alley"'
author: "Terres, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by FRANK FH. TERRES

A Stroll
Down
“The Alley”

Nestled within the labyrinth of Eastern State
Penitentiary lies a row of small shops, reminiscent
of the mysterious “dives” one finds grouped togeth-
er on a narrow strect in Panama. All that is needed
to complete the illusion is a string of brilliantly
colored neon signs. However, the blank facades and
dungeon-like entrances front one of the most pro-
ductive and creative sections of the prison.

The clustered catacomb, affectionately dubbed
“The Alley”, houses our local inmate factory from
which comes masterpieces of carpentry, sculptury,
plastic modeling, furniture manufacturing, wood
carving, model shipbuilding and other knick-knacks
relative to hobbies and erafts. This is the pulsing
heart-beat of the individual industry that lies with-
in the men set apart from free society. It is within
this narrow strip of isolated concrete that the op-
portunity is afforded the skilled artists to create
aud proffer to society the products of their ability.

Stroll down the alley with us while we intro-
duce you to both the men and the products availa-
ble. Let us start at the head of the gate-barred run-
way. Duck under the low doorway and we are in
Shop #1. That fellow over in the corner—manipu-
lating that earving knife so skillfully—is Dave
Aikens. Dave is well known throughout this institu-
tion for his pleasant manner and joviality. It is an
attribute to the man that he maintains this demeanor
—for Dave has been a resident of Eastern for 22
years and at this writing has 10 more to go. In fact,
totaling up the number of years to serve by those
men who operate in this shop alone—we arrive at
the staggering figure of 120 years—add to that the
one man who is serving double life, and we run over
the 129-year-history of Eastern State Penitentiary.
If we were to total the time of all of the men who
work in the Alley, we might run back to the birth
of Jesus. However, let us look at what they are
making. Those comic figures that Dave is carving
out of wood are popularly known as “Bums”. These
caricatures of the Hoboes of the Road are a terrific
selling item that have been featured by this shop for
9 years. That big, blond fellow, “Bill”, hand-paints
each and every statue that eminates from the shop.
Jim Fleming and Harry Shank do carving and paint-
ing also. This group of four, in contrast to the
“Bums”, carve Franciscan Monks, Rabbis, Nuns and
other religious figures on an approximate 8” scale.
As “Bill” said, “We'll carve anything to order.” And
believe me, they will do an excellent job of it, too!
In asking how they were doing financially, the re-
ply seemed to be standard for all shop operators.
“Just about clearing expenses and commissary
needs!” One fellow showed me his Cash Harnings
slip for the month. It was for a little over $12.00.
However, as he and every other shop worker told
me: “It isn’t the money that is important. It’s the
peace of mind and knowledge that you are working
for yourself. Figuring the time that we work, we
might average 6 or 7 cents an hour. But, I don’t
know what I would do without the shop to work in.
It certainly eases the pressure of time in prison.”

Saying “So-long” to the members of Shop #1
we ducked out of the low entrance and ducked into
the equally low entrance of Shop #2. This is what is
called a “Split Shop”. This shop and Shop #8 are
combined in their work. Combined, they carve and
rig beautiful models of clipper ships and schooners.
I drool every time I see one. They are very beauti-
ful replicas. Here, in Shop #2, Mike Janitsch and
Stanley Mscisz carve the hulls for the ships. They
are carved from mahogany and bass wood, then
passed on for rigging, painting and finishing in Shop
#8. Therefore, Mike and “Stosh” initiate the ship-
building chain. It is a pleasure to watch craftsmen
work, and believe me, Mike and “Stosh” are crafts-
men from the word “Go”.

But, let’s go on with our “Shop Hopping”. Duck-
ing (Again) into Shop #3 we find Joe Ryan, Joe
Rutkowski, Jesse Ashmon and STOSH MSCISZ??
Yes, that is right. The little man divides his time
between #2 Shop and #3 Shop. Look at the wood
carvings around the shelves! Hand-carved dogs,
banks, picture frames, pictures painted on glass,
jewel boxes, children’s halltrees in the shape of gi-
raffes,—everything imaginable. A fellow could
spend a lot of money buying the things that attract
him. So many interesting things for the kids or for
the home. It is a shame that the shops are not open
to the public. Every day is Bargain Day! However,
most of the wares are on display at the entrance to
the Visiting Room. So—you who come to the institu-
tion to visit friends or relatives—inquire about the
items!

And now, out of one quaint little shop into the
next one—labeled Shop #3-A. This must be the
“Rebel” Shop. I note that two of the men who work
here carry the nickname “Tennessee”. There is
George “Tennessee” Smith, Leonard ‘“Tennessee” Ma-
haffney, Johnnie Williams Jr., Ralph R. Snyder Jr.
and Gene Correll. Look at the interesting mounted
fish up there on the shelf! They are hand-carved,
hand-painted replicas of brook trout. Here is one
that has the Royal Coachman Fly protruding from
its mouth with the leader running from it! The
fins are flexible! What member of the great Izaak
Walton Society would not be pleased with one of
these—or a pair—in his den? Those framed in-
signia on the wall are replicas of the Pennsylvania
state Plaque. There is one of the Marine Corps
emblem! Here is a lamp with a leaping fish as the
base. Look at the miniature antique furniture. It
is an exact duplicate of Chippendale, 1700 vintage,
on a 4” to the foot scale! Sideboard, dresser, secre-
tary desk! Wow! But, let’s run on.

Here we are in Joe Rodgers’s shop, #4. Look,
there on the ceilme! Ducks on the wing! Hand-
carved and painted, they look like the real thing.
Why there’s pintail, mallard, teal, canvasback, red-
head—it looks like the Water Fowl Preserve at Cor-
nell! There is something very practical. Huge piggy
banks! Those pigs look like the “grunt” is still in
them.

Now we are in "Bob's" shop. This is Shop #5.
Look at the merchandise on the shelves. Those hand-
painted serving trays are all hand-inlaid! That is
mahogany wood! I wonder how they paint those
horses’ heads and other figures on that glass cover-
ing. The religious pictures are beautiful. But, do
you like the inlaid humidors and cookie jars. Here
are pipe racks, potato chip and pretzel dishes, chil-
dren’s crib-beds and high-chairs and bureau banks!
That large item in the center of the shop is a master-
piece One, On our Guards ordered it, Chat, my
Mem Ismet hie anee radio cabinet. It is on.
long, 30” high and 33” wide. I’ll say it is a big one.
See the front panel? Well, that slides to the right
or left. The record player can be pulled forward
to stand in front of the cabinet. When you are th-
rough using it, you just push it back into place. The
left side will be panelled to hold all of the records.
It is a beautiful job—all made of mahogany. A eab-
inet like that would cost you plenty in J.B. Van
Seivers. But—our boys operate on a low-cost bud-
get and you can buy from them at tremendous
savings.

This interesting place in Shop #6. Let me in-
troduee you to the men. Gene Hammond, Tommy
Wodarski, Pete Revty, John Baucco. That is the
crew. Here, again, are those beautifully carved
ducks. Those steps that are fixed on a half-moon are
called “Stairways to the Stars”. Novel, huh? You
can put little decorative pieces on the stairs and
hang them in your living room. Gene is working
on a miniature stagecoach. That will be complete in
in every detail when finished. Notice the name on
the side. The Overland Express! The carriage has
a springed, cushioned chassis. That is beautiful
work. In here one can purchase children’s dual-
swings (the glider type with seats for four), Cones-
toga lamps, Chinese-motif jewel boxes, coffee tables,
piano banks, name plates—what have you? That
miniature tiger cage would certainly delight some
child’s heart. The little kitten inside belongs to Gene.
His pacing up and down reminds one of the real
thing.

Let’s move on! No—that is not a shop. That is
the Jewish Synagogue. See the sign? I am sorry
we cannot go in, but it is locked. I have been in
there and it is a lovely place. They have some won-
derful services sponsored by some kind and inter-
ested men of the Jewish faith.

In here—this is Shop #7. This shop is operated
by Wm. McMullen and Clarence Kulb. They call
“Bill” McMullen—‘Cowboy”. Don’t ask me why, I
haven’t known him that long. These fellows are only
making those carved dogs that you see, at present.
But, what dogs! Look at the detail on this one!
Every feature of this bird-dog is exact. How do I
know? I used to own a Blue Belding setter. That
pheasant in his mouth! Well, I can’t be sure it is
in perfect detail, but one ean certainly tell it is a
ring-neck. These carvings are always in season.

This is Shop #8 that is coordinated with Shop
#2. This is the finishing assembly for the model
ships that are carved in Shop #2. Here we find
Charles Dempsey, “Shots” Kelley, Larry Rogzinski,
and Elmer Daywalt. These boys have the system
down to a fine point. “Shots” is a rigger, Larry is
a rigger and Elmer is the sail stitcher. Of course,
Charlie Dempsey is the supervisor and head man.
They certainly make beautiful ships. The clippers
and the schooners look absolutely majestic. I al-
ways was a sucker for sailing vessels. At this time
of the year—just a look at the ships these boys make
brings back nostalgic memories of Barnegat Bay—
a spanking breeze—and a sailing vessel. Being an
artist, I can also picture the Gloucester Fishing Fleet
of old, with the large schooners swaying at anchor
in the picturesque harbors of our New England
coast. Anyone interested in the sea will fill their
treasure chest by gaining possession of one of the
fine replicas that come from this shop.

Getting along towards the end of the line we
come to Shop #9. This shop is populated by Mitch
Kayser, George Wallace, Elmer Lehman, and Percy
Haines. This is, also, a carving shop as are most all
of them. Dogs, Cradles, rocking chairs, children’s
playthings are made within this shop. It is an item
of interest to note that most of the shops have some
representation for chlidren. No doubt many of the
boys working in the shops are thinking of their own
children. However, Shop #9, like all of the shops,
is making some very attractive items.

Now we enter Shop #410. This shop is also used
as a paint-spray shop by the other shops. It is here
that they spray-paint many of their completed carv-
ings. But—there is an interesting niche to this shop.
In a small compartment in the back sit two men.
Nick Derembeis and Billy Hallowell. Here is carving
at its very best and dear to my heart. Beautiful
stallions mounted on rough-carved bases. Lovers of
horse flesh will have to go a long way before they
will find a carving of a horse done with the pro-
portionate conformation and detail that is completed
in here. Nick has studied on the bones and muscles
of the animals, as well as the leading stallions of
the country, in order to do the very best possible
job. Believe me, he has accomplished his task. These
horses seem to breathe and their muscles seem to
ripple as they stand majestically on hewn_ base.
From the flare of their nostrils to the twitch of their
tails the realism is astounding. Nick and Billy re-
veal their artistic touch in other fields. Billy has
been carving sets of miniature elephants and Nick
recently (on order) did a beautiful carving of an
angel. The boys are both artists at the easel as well
as at the carving table. Their work is superb and
shall surely win recognition in the world when they
return to free society.

Arriving at the last shop in “The Alley”, we are
met by the sole operator, Joseph “Muscles” Farro.
This shop is unusual to the rest of the Alley in that
most of the work manufactured is done in plastic.
It is here that we find the beautiful plastic jewelry,
necklaces made of gold-filled wire, bracelets, ear-
ring sets, night-lights, pen sets, atomizers, and many,
many other attractive hand-carved plastic novelties.
It is here that the lovely plastic brooches are made.
Within each brooch (hand-carved in the plastic)
lies a beautiful red rose. The pen sets are not only
attractive, but utilitarian. The items are quite in-
expensive considering the work involved and the
wonderful results attained. A wonderful shop in
which to stop—and shop.

It is interesting to note that although most of
the machinery utilized in the shops was purchased
from the Inmates Welfare Fund, the men who oper-
ate their shops do so independently and consequent-
ly spend much of their money in the purchase of ad-
ditional equipment and accessories. Of course, they
pay for all of their own materials and supplies.
They also.contribute 10% of their gross earnings
to the Prisoners Welfare Fund. This is a fee charged
to the shop operators for the use of machinery and as
a rental and utility fee. Thereby, each man has a
financial stake in his productivity. This is a highly
necessary factor in preparing a man to take his
place in free society. Self-reliance, responsibility,
work-scheduling and planning, supplying to order:
all of the respected characteristics necessary to the
operation of outside business are accumulated th-
rough the efforts of each individual man working
for himself in his “Alley” enterprise. The therapeu-
tic value he derives from this type of correctional
method cannot be measured. The man has the op-
portunity to gain individual stature. He regains
his dignity and pride through the efforts of “self-
support”.

The value of their works to free society can-
not be overlooked. The public has the opportunity
to purchase products at a minimum cost. Also, it
gives the other inmates the opportunity to purchase
gifts for their loved ones that otherwise would not
be presented to them.

I have heard some ficticious rumors concerning
the amount of money that is made by the individuals
who work in the alley. In reality, to the individual
shop operator, the enterprise amounts to a “Nickel
and Dime” business when compared to any outside
shop of a like nature. However, what they do with
their nickels and dimes is amazing. One fellow
reported that he was able to pay off the mortgage
on his home over a span of a good many years. Some,
barely clear cigarette money. The more fortunate
have to help take care of the family needs that have
multiplied so drastically due to the imprisonment
of the family “Breadwinner”. They do not compete
with municipal retailers. Outlets for their wares are
restricted by the very nature of locality. Further,
they are unable to advertise—and, of course—mass
production cannot be organized.

During World War II. “The Alley” played its
part in coming to the aid of its country. We are
proud of the fact that they received the Navy “EH”
Award for production in 1942, and further received
a citation from the War Production Board. This is
an outstanding achievement for a small group of
men.

Although it is true that very little supervision
is necessary for the smooth routine, it 1s always
necessary to have a guiding personage who will act
as liaison between the inmates of the Alley and those
of official capacity and civilian status. And that is
where Set. Forrest A. Phillippe enters the picture.
Set. Phillippe has been operating as supervisor of
purchases and sales since 1942. He also acts in the
capacity of Supervisor of the Craft Shop. In his
unassuming, quiet manner, the Sergeant handles
all of the purchases of lumber and materials neces-
sary for the operation of the Craft Shop and The
Alley. He is responsible for crediting the individuals
for their sales and arranges for the monies they have
earned to be transferred to their accounts. In speak-
ing with Sergeant Phillippe, I became aware of
the warm and empathetic personality that makes
him one of the most liked officials in the institution.
His basic understanding of the men’s needs for un-
derstanding becomes evident as he softly speaks of
the operation. Perhaps his great facility for gaining
respect is in treating the men as men—not children.

I asked the Sergeant if he believed that The
Alley needed closer supervision. His reply was in-
stantaneous. “Those men operate very well with a
minimum of supervision. Like all men everywhere,
they occasionally have little difficulties with the
authorities. However, they do not bring their trou-
ble to the shop! If they do get into trouble (and it
is very seldom that they do) it is usually in their
Block area. Occasionally one of the men will bring
food back to his cell ,or take an instrument from his
shop to his cell to use in late-hour work. Both of
these actions are against regulations, and the man
hears about it from the authorities. However, they
do not have difficulty in the shops or the shop area.”

It is not surprising, Mr. Phillippe. Those men
are answering trust by not betraying it.
