---
id: "443"
title: "Profile…"
author: "Williams, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Asking only to be evaluated
for the real man he has become,
— through faith and deed.

Profile ...
BY THOMAS WILLIAMS

The year 1937 was duly significant in the life of
Horace R. Bowers. It marked the beginning of a
life sentence in the Hastern State Penitentiary. It is
a sentence which has had no end for twenty-two-
years. It has been an era of trial-adjustment and re-
adjustment for this man. It has been an episode of
heartaches for his family ties and yet, the undaunted
spirit of this man cannot be denied.

His ascent started in Luzerne County that tur-.
bulent years. It was the beginning of a long trek
to prove his constructive worth to society. It has
not been an easy road due to his early youthful mal-
adjustment. Yet, he has not allowed it to be a deter-
rent to his purposeful endeavors.

Since being confined, John has held a variety of
jobs. All of them for a number of years, constituting
job experience for his return to society. He was em-
ployed seven years in the Stripping Shop, where
they manufactured cigars for prison use. He also
was an employee of the Safety-Pin Carding Industry
for a number of years. When these jobs folded with
the passing of time, he endeavored to learn the
Leathereraft trade. This is his regular employment
at the present time. Products of this industry are
belts, pocketbooks, leather bags and leather holsters
for police and sportsmen in the Philadelphia area.

John has been instrumental in teaching Leather-
craft to some of his fellow inmates. The unselfish-
ness of this act is only another indication of this
man’s true character.

Within the hospital block of E.S.P. are a num-
ber of mentally deficient patients awaiting transfer
to hospitals and other institutions. John’s interest
in body building through weight-lifting inspired him
to institute a physical therapy program for these
men. With an official OK, he began to help them
mold their bodies into shape. The beneficial aspects
can only be told by those who so willingly followed
this man with faith, even under such adverse con-
ditions.

I asked John about this and he said, “It is ex-
ceedingely difficult for me to speak of the good I was
doing for-those men. I am not a person to sing my
own praises. I only believe in treating others with
respect and. compassion, regardless of their limita-
tions.”

These few sentences told more than many books
could reveal about the man of today.

The desire to be free is in all men and John is
no exception. In the early days of his confinement
he was acutely aware of this. His desire went to ex-
tremes and, at a certain period of h’s inearecration,
it overruled his obligation to society’s laws. On Ap-
ril 3rd, 1945, he participated in a mass escape from
this institution. He was subsequently caught and
punished. The startling fact of it is, this is the only
blemish on his institutional record throughout his
long years of imprisonment.

He has not minimized the seriousness of this
wrong. He has only tried to dispel a false legend
built around him, because of this one escapade. Like
all legendary tales, the true facts and persons have
been distorted to feed the fanciful imaginations of
people. Many persons have been or may be disap-
pointed when they associate or talk with him. This is
not the wary, swaggering or sneering personality
they expected. NO, it is not, because that isn’t the
real character of Horace Bowers. His straight-for-
ward and polite manner designates the man he truly
is.

Those who have been around him in the past,
and those around him now, can substantiate the
truth of the statement uttered, “He’s a square shoot-
er.” This terminology, within the penal world, is one
denoting great respect and esteem. It is not a trait
that is learned. It is acquired through an emotional
attitude and understanding of your fellow man.

John’s ambition for the future is to maintain
his Leathercraft trade on the outside. The main aim
of his work is to continue making leather holsters
for law-enforcement agencies and personnel. Anoth-
er of his worthy desires is to help young kids in phy-
sical and educational activities. He has tried, and
hopes to continue to discourage youths from emulat-
ing the symbols of lawlessness.

Horace Bowers has emerged from the cocoon of
confinement a mature individual. A person who does
not deny or try to submerge his wrongs in life. A
person who only asks to be evaluated for the real
man he has become. A person whose faith has never
wavered, despite many sorrows. A person who will
keep on striving to prove the good that is truly
within.
