---
id: "444"
title: "Something News Has Been Added"
author: "PENAL PRESS REPRINT"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Via Members of the Penal Press

something NEWS has been added

FAMILY COUNSELING SESSION
INAUGURATED

Five married couples met on Jan. 21st, 1959, in
the first Family Counseling session at Folsom (Cal-
ifornia) Penitentiary.

These pioneers in a new concept of understand-
ing of the problems between the husband in prison
and the wife who waits for him, almost complete the
full group of six couples.

Fifteen applications from interested men were
received, from which 11 were chosen—six for active
participation, the remaining applicants for a re-
serve pool to keep the group at six couples.

A project made possible by a grant from the
Rosenberg Foundation, San Francisco, this activity
is one of research into an area previously covered
by the Department of Corrections as part of its pro-
eram.

Associate Warden W. B. Lawson coordinates
the Folsom program. Stanley J. Faustman, CC II;
exo we Deal CC land Harry Ss. Macid, CC Il are
assisting in the actual administration of the discus-
sion groups. Magid and Deal are institutional per-
sonnel actually engaged in leading the counseling
sessions. All wives are from the Sacramento area.

At present a small fund has been relegated to
cover traveling expenses and babysitting fees for
the wives involved.

SIGN OF THE TIMES

The Wyoming House of Representatives recent-
ly approved a bill increasing from $15 to $35 the
cash given a man on his release from the state Pen-
itentiary.

FAMILIES ATTEND CHURCH WITH INMATES

Another of numerous recent innovations was
adopted by the Wisconsin State Reformatory, Green
Bay, according to the reformatory publication, The
Bay Banner, which reported that beginning March
Ist, families were permitted to attend Sunday church
services with inmates at the institution.

The new privilege was extended to include all
inmates who had not received a conduct report with-
in 45 days. Regular visiting hours were held fol-
lowing the church service.

GREATER JOB OPPORTUNITIES FOR EX-CONS

The Michigan Corrections Commission recently
agreed to ask the Civil Service Commission to relax
barriers against hiring ex-convicts.

State Corrections Commissioner, Gus Harrison,
pointed out that there are no formal barriers except
for such jobs as law enforcement. “But,” he added,
“It’s a rare case when the state hires a former prison
inmate?”

This statement led Commissioner C. J. Garley
of Grand Rapids to remark: “How can we expect
private industry to hire these men when the state
won't do it.”

LEGISLATURE LIMITS RECORD
TO FIVE YEARS

The New York State Legislature recently made
into law a bill designed to aid in the rehabilitation
of ex-convicts.

The measure passed unanimously by both
houses, made provision to erase all previous convie-
tions from the record of an ex-felon who goes for
five years without arrest.

Effects of the law will be felt in many ways—
no longer can the term “Ex-Convict” be used when
reporting a story without fear of libel suit on the
offending publication—-a man on the stand in his own
defense can deny with impunity his past record, nor
may the prosecution bring it up for fear of mistrial.

Comment around Capitol Hill pointed to the
climate of equal justice that the law will bring,
verdicts without fear of preconception or prejudice.

EASING A DIFFICULT SITUATION

The British Prison Commission has announced a
program for releasing good-conduct prisoners to
take civilian jobs outside prison walls and spend
weekend leave with their families, according to the
United Press International. Selected prisoners serv-
ing sentences longer than four years, including life
imprisonment, will be so considered.

“The object of the scheme is to restore a prison-
er’s self-confidence and to ease his re-entry into
civilian life,” a Commission spokesman said.

SENTENCE CUT FOR BLOOD DONATIONS

Prisoners in the Texas prison system are given
a 30 day reduction of sentence through the Board
of Pardons and Parole, whenever they contribute
a pint of blood to either of the two hospitals. There
is a clause, however, that stipulates that no inmate
can donate more than one pint of blood to each
hospital. Further credits of “good time” may be
gained by giving emergency donations to fellow
inmates.

The governor, the department of corrections and
the pardon board sanction these donations.

Similar time cuts are given in some other states.
Virginia gives a 60 day reduction of sentence any
time blood is needed in the prison hospital.

INDIA’S CONVICTS HAVE THEIR SAY

More than 50 convicted murderers, swindlers
and bandits met in India recently to tell the govern-
ment how they would like the prison to be run.

They asked for better food, for training in trades
and crafts, and for an occasional outing or picnic
to relieve the monotony of prison life.

The three-day conference of prisoners was an
experiment by the government of Utar Pradesh,
which is making a series of prison reforms.

NEW ARREST POLICY INSTITUTED

Detroit Police gave ground early this week to
complaints made by the Detroit Bar Association
about arrests for investigation by instituting a series
of new rules concerning the detention of persons
because of suspicious actions.

The rules were explained by Commissioner Hart
to a group of 25 inspectors—precinet commanders
and bureau heads.

Henceforth, Hart said, if a policeman stops a
man or woman on the street because of suspicious
actions, and is unable to establish reasonable cause
he will not bring the person to the police station.

Instead, Hart ordered, the officer will take the
name, address’ and all pertinent information from
the suspect and let him or her go.

A preliminary report will be turned-in to the
precinct commander who will decide whether the
case requires further investigation the next morning,
and whether the person should be arrested.

The Detroit Bar Association in January criti-
cized the police department for making arrests with-
out warrants and without reasonable evidence.

The association said 46 per cent of all arrests
are made for investigation, and that one-third of
those arrested are set free without any charges
against them.

After the association’s blast, Hart assigned
Inspector Fred Wright, director of planning and
research, to head a committee to survey the situation.

The new rules are the result of the survey.

COAST PRISONERS WORK PLAN SUCCESS

A plan for outside work for county prisoners
is spreading in California. The prisoners work by
day and return to their cells at night.

Instituted a year ago by Santa Clara County,
near San Francisco, as a pilot program, the plan has
saved taxpayers about $35,000 and has helped re-
habilitate many jail occupants.

Steady jobs in offices, factories and construction
projects have been held by 120 prisoners. They have
collected $43,000 in wages.

Of this, $15,000 has been paid to the county for
board. More than $20,000 has been sent home to
families. Without this aid, it is estimated, more than
90 per cent of the families would have been forced
to go on relief rolls.

EXCHANGE CLUB ASSISTS PAROLEER REHAB

Six Indiana Reformatory parolees met with
Downtown Indianapolis Exehange Club members
two weeks ago for a panel discussion on crime and
its prevention, reports the Lamb Bull, Exchange
Club publication.

The parolees told the Exchangites how they
got started on the wrong road, something of their
experiences at the reformatory, and of the difficulties
they now face as they attempt a come-back.

A definite positive course of action has been
outlined in which all Exchangites can participate ;
namely, assisting in the rehabilitation of parolees,
and helping them climb the long ladder to respect-
ability again.

Statistics show that a high per cent of crime is
committed by second and third offenders. There-
fore the Exchangites contend that if a parolee were
helped upon first leaving Tee institution to find suit-
able employment and regain his place in society, in
most instances, he would: go straight.
