---
id: "445"
title: "JD: An Ever-Present Problem"
author: "Cuff, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
JD
An Ever-Present Problem

by JOSEPH J. CUFF

In the United States, there has always been
marked disturbances created by wars—and there al-
ways is a rise of delinquency rates following a war.
The dislocation of the social life of many cities dur-
ing recent wars has certainly contributed to the in-
crease of delinquency. Children have not had the
same settled, secure home life. Mothers have had to
eo out to work, fathers have in many cases been
away for long periods in the fighting services and
this has created a situation which was likely to re-
sult in anti-social reactions among children.

The moods of anxiety and moral disapprobation
of delinquency always stimulates the consideration
of special factors which are regarded as being “the
cause” of delinquency. Lessening of the religious
sense, lack of moral teaching, the more permissive
techniques of child upbringing and education, and
the effects of films, television and comic books, have
all been blamed. They may of course play some part
in the encouragement of anti-social behaviour, and
all should be kept in mind, because something could
be done about them. Scientifically speaking, there
is no clear evidence to justify the statement that
these are causative factors to any large extent.

As always, there are three attitudes towards
those who disobey the rules of the community. First,
we can dismiss them as being degenerates, people
whose genetic inheritance has decreed that they
shall be criminals, who must therefore be excluded
as rapidly as possible from society. Secondly, there
is the very vocal school, which is not only composed
of the elderly and the pompous, which says: “Hit
them hard. Give them the most rigorous punishment
that can be devised.” The third attitude, least emo-
tional and best balanced, sees that there can be no
effect without a cause; there is no child who is JUST
naughty, no adolescent who is JUST delinquent, or
adult who is JUST a criminal.

The problem of delinquency is part of the much
wider problem of mental and emotional ill-health,
and over the past thirty or forty years we have be-
come increasingly aware of many factors of import-
ance. We know, for example, that the general man-
agement of small children from infancy upwards is
very important, that good standards must be
SHOWN them by the adults with whom they are in
contact, rather than GIVEN to them as mere dog-
matic statements. Children are essentially imita-
tive. The child whose parents spend time in reading
the more lurid crime and sex stories in the press is
obviously more likely to be attracted by the “horror”
comics than he would otherwise be.

We know that every child needs some rules laid
down for it, or it will feel insecure, and we know,
too, that every child needs to have sensible and wise
discipline, which must be maintained. Spoiling and
indulgence is exceedingly unfair to the child. We
know that threat of a penalty to be incurred by some
particular act can be very harmful if in fact the
penalty is never imposed. In the past, children used
to be told that the devil or the policeman would get
them if they did what was wrong. Nowadays they
are told that they will suffer some deprivation of
pocket money ,or sweets, or something else that they
value, if they are not good. But if nothing happens
children often distrust their parents and feel thrown
back on their own resources to get what they want
for themselves just when they want it.

These points of view imply better education for
those who have or are going to have children, and
if we are patient a lot can be done in the home—
which is the right place. Let it never be thought
that the so-called scientific approach to delinquency
implies that every child who is naughty or anti-
social must be referred to a doctor or to a clinic.
There can be no easy evasion of the responsibility of
parents, teachers or others.

We are probably getting nearer to truly causa-
tive factors when we recognize that in disciplining
or administering the proper form of punishment,
however slight it may be, to a child, or indeed to an
adult who has offended against the rules of society,
we should always make it clear that we strongly
disapprove of the anti-social conduct, but that we
do not disapprove of the individual who has made
these mistakes; that we respect and love him or her
just as much as ever. Punishment becomes meaning-
ful in this way, it does not create rebellion nor a
sense of exclusion and insecurity, as often occurs
in the individual who is made to feel that he is bad
and outcast.

For many years physicians and others who have
tried to deal with individual cases of delinquency
have said that the commonest cause of stealing 1s a
sense of being unloved. Because this sounds rather
an unusual statement, we must look into it a little
more closely.

The child in a broken home, or who is immured
in an old-fashioned type of orphanage, may suffer
from a genuine lack of interest and love. He may
lack a sense of nearness and the feeling that he mat-
ters to someone and is respected. Equally, the child
who has had too much demonstration of love and af-
feetion, who has been unwisely indulged and become
spoiled, may, if he becomes demanding and tiresome,
which is quite natural, be dealt with by irritated
adults in too strict and arbitrary a fashion, and he
will then have a great sense of insecurity and con-
siderable resentment. This is the type of child who
very often decides that since he is no longer loved
or liked, he must “go it alone,” he must get what he
wants for himself, and certainly can disregard the
teaching and the standards of those who have let
him down.

In the past few years significant research has
made it clear that in a large number of cases the
child who is in the first three years of its life de-
prived of that love and security that every child
needs, which comes primarily from its mother or
mother substitute, is likely to develope a deep sense
of insecurity, and indeed, to suffer a distortion of
personality which can never be fully corrected in
later life.

Children who are deprived, whether by a true
lack of love, by the broken home, or by enforced ab-
sence from their mothers, have a tendency to grow
up as embittered individualists, unable to love or to
accept love and friendship from other people. Their
feeling of insecurity provides a persistant difficulty
throughout their lives which makes them more liable
to irrational anxiety, and they may have an increased
liability to physical ill-health.

Many of these children as they grow up, look-
ing for something to enhance their status, and for
companionship, drift into gangs or undesirable
groups which lead them to develope their delinquent
traits, and a good deal of the juvenile crime of today
occurs in young people of this kind. There is a high
incidence of this type of privation of love and secu-
rity in the histories of juvenile delinquents.

Clearly harsh punitive treatment of children like
this will give them an increased sense of their
“badness” and their abnormality and add to the
inferiority feelings, the sense of isolation and the
general grudge against society and life they already
have.

The medicine most needed today, whether for
individual children who are difficult, for adults, in
the family or industry, and for all, is love and then
more love.

By love, one means interest, respect for people
and their rights—which implies no lack of firmness
and no sentimentality. There is far more sentimen-
tality and emotionalism displayed often by those
who punish delinquents in the Courts or elsewhere
than one can find in the average children’s psycho-
logical clinic.

What, therefore, do we need at this present
time to deal with our young delinquents? Certainly
we need to give help and better instruction to those
who are going to have children, to those who have
them, and those who teach them. We need much
better training in the science of penology and the
understanding of these cases for those who are going
to be children’s magistrates or Judges of adult
courts. Far too often people are put into these posi-
tions because they are skilled in the arguments of
defence or prosecution, but without any true ap-
preciation of the personalities of the people with
whom they have to deal.

Similarly, better instruction is needed for the
probation services, where these exist, and for the
police. Better provision is needed in most cities for
the observation and investigation of children before
any court action is taken. We need on the preventive
side to have far greater encouragement of parent-
teacher associations in connection with schools, of
youth organizations of all ginds, which provide out-
lets for healthy occupation and interest. We need
far more continuing serious research into the nature
and the handling of our problems. Lastly, and most
important, we need more real respect for children
and their rights and more love of a wise, continuing
kind.
