---
id: "446"
title: "Model Ranch Home Built in Prison"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Model Ranch Home Built In Prison

Under the able instruction of Mr. Willings,
Building and Construction School Supervisor at
E.S.P., and Carpenter Shop personnel, James Fisher
and James Parker, the Building Construction Class
has completed a beautiful eleven-room Model Ranch
Home. The novice students (some of whom had
never driven a nail before) constructed the building
on a one inch (1”) seale. In its model design, the
home measures 80” in length and 25” in depth. Thus,
simulating a Ranch Home that would measure 80 ft.
by 25 ft.

Although simple in design, the building is a
highly desirable residence. A huge fireplace adorns
the large living room area, which is fronted by an
extra wide picture window. The rear landscape can
be viewed through a multiple paned bay window.
Infinite in detail, the closeness to realism is evident
in the cement poured front and back entrances. The
foundation is of simulated stone. Landscaping
adorns the spacious yard area, and from the roof to
the very foundation it is built in perfect seale and
composition. The lovely home represents the ability
of the class to participate in the construction field.

The two Inmate Supervisors, Jimmie Fisher and
Jim Parker, are everyday constructive members of
our Carpenter Shop. The Carpenter Shop operates
as a team, composed of such skilled members as the
aforementioned Fisher and Parker, George Sanders,
Vernon Hancock, Pearle Lovell, “Malone”, “Seven”
and “Johnnie”. Some examples of their skill are
evident throughout the prison: New windows and a
“Trouble” couch for Dr. Hyatt’s Psychology Office,
a new doorway built for Mr. Graham, Director of
Education; doors hung on the new offices in our
Hospital Block; the Mobile Serving Tray provided
for the Hospital; and many, many others too numer-
ous to mention.

The Officers in charge, Captain Roach and Set.
Welsh, are justly proud of their Carpenter Shop
and its personnel. They are the ‘trouble shooters’
of the institution when it comes to anything that
needs woodwork or wood construction. Yearly, they
save the taxpayers a considerable amount of money
through their ability to improvise and install, utiliz-
ing material of little value otherwise.

The Construction School, although doing a tre-
mendous job, is suffering from the drawback of not
having adequate space in which to operate. Operat-
ing under adverse conditions and in close quarters,
they have done wonders. However, they could ae-
complish so much more with adequate space for their
operations. We have been assured by Mr. Thomas
Graham, that the space shali be forthcoming in the
very near future. The plans for added functional
area will increase the opportunities of the school,
which, in turn, will increase the students’ opportun-
ity for gaining more knowledge.

The Model Ranch Home that they built was
put on display at The Benjamin Franklin Hotel dur-
ing the recent Annual Conference of the Pennsly-
vania Association on Probation, Parole and Corree-
tion. However, not resting on their laurels the stu-
dents have started the construction (in model scale)
of a hugh Office Building. We are anxious to see
the results of their new enterprise.
