---
id: "447"
title: "Guest Editorial: Shall We Change Formats?"
author: "DONALDSON, H.F. (Iowa Penitentiary)"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Guest Editorial

SHALL
WE
CHANGE
FORMATS?

by H. F. DONALDSON
Iowa State Penitentiary

Far too often, we read or hear of someone refer-
ring to prisons and penitentiaries as ‘model prisons’,
‘country clubs’ and places where inmates are coddled.

Usually all these types of stories have their
origin in various newspapers or other published
releases. These descriptive phrases—in any event—
are far from being true. Actually, they could very
well be a detriment. By instilling these fallacies in
youths, hovering on the brink of crime, whose hesi-
tance is based solely on the fear of imprisonment,
the youth could very well start his life on the wrong
foot—simply because the fear of prison has been
removed.

Prisons should be painted black and exposed as
ugly. It is better to publicize a penitentiary as a
‘house of horrors’, than to have them keep reading
of them as ‘playhouses’, ‘ideal prisons’ and such other
diplomatic prose. If we keep letting this type of re-
lease go on unabated, what’s to keep the neighbor
lad down the street from saying, “Prisons are not
so bad; I’m not afraid of going to jail”. It is very
possible that this dissolving of fear of prison could
be added to the other endless list of reasons why
our steady influx of prisoners continues.

Perhaps these newer offenders had no fear of in-
carceration; and it was only after having landed in
the cruel folds of a prison environment, did they real-
ize how badly they were misinformed. So it does seem
necessary something be done to offset these re-
leases which engrave an appealing picture of prison
to readers.

The “Penal Press’ does have a goal to enlighten
and educate ‘the other side’ and to erase some of the
misconceptions regarding prison and prisoners. May-
be in educating them thru these informative publi-
eations,.we have failed in another way. Maybe the
‘Penal Press’ should retrace its steps and publicize
the sordid side of prison and once again picture the
institutions in such a way that fear would again be
ingrained.

Now if I can resort to a bit of satire, it ean be
pointed out—some of the things which the prison
magazines could do to take the appeal away from
prison—and make them less inviting to those who
have an underlying ‘bent’ to break into our ranks
of infamy.

Instead of fillmg our pages with various pro-
erams of rehabilitation and sundry other activities,
which make life a bit bearable in prison; let’s print
only the sordid events. Limit the copy of material
to debasement, sordidness and sadism. If you spill
a bit of blood in the ink—that alright, too. Never
use the word ‘cell’, since many people picture a cell
as a room. Cage, would be the better word and for
sake of accuracy alone, perhaps it is the word we
should use.

Just think what an easy job the Editor of a
penal magazine would have. Not having to knock
oneself out trying to find something good to write
about, would be the easier format anyway. The
scope of material to draw from would be larger,
since it does tax a man pretty heavily to try and
find some good points.

Never photograph a smile; never picture rec-
reation in any form. Those things are appealing. It
would be better to show men digging ditches, shovel-
ing coal, on death-beds or in the throes of some sort
of violent insanity. Accent everything with bars,
high-walls, gun turrets and season well with the
oppression of time.

If you feel your prison is progressive don’t ever
say so. This information has an amazing facility of
getting turned around to a meaning of “coddled”.
Let all the futility, despair and utter hopelessness
you can muster, ride from your typewriter. Play
up the long hours in the cages, overpowering mono-
tony of routine, and boredom.

If the newspaper prints the Thanksgiving Day
or Christmas menu—retaliate, print the rest of the
year’s bill of fare to make it less enticing. If you
have to lie a bit—it’s acceptable. If your menu is
quite adequate; it won’t hurt to delete the better
items in printing it. Seven types of meat should be
the lmit on your yearly menu:—raw bologna,
cooked balogna, stewed—creamed—hbarbecued bal-
ogna; and Sunday—weiners prepared in one of the
above ways. Potatoes, one way will be sufficient—
boiled. Perhaps, boiled either with the hides intact
or to facilitate handling, boiled in their original one-
hundred pound sacks. Vegetables—turnip tops and
spinach should be enough to publicize. Most young-
sters don’t think much of ereens and that is what
we want to do; make prison less appealing to youths.

Be sure to get pictures of electric chairs and
gallows. When a prisoner dies, devote some space
to his obituary. Even hint his death was painful to
the end or fifty centimeters of polluted atmosphere
was injected intravenously to hasten him into
oblivion.

Now do you get the idea?

Knowing full well none of the counter-attacks
can be undertaken, it does emphasize the need and it
should be recognized for the problem it presents.
It doesn’t behoove publications to present prison in
a pleasurable light. Delinquents should be made to
recognize that prisons are not an acceptable goal
to try for.

Let’s not lure any more here under false pre-
tenses. Replace the fear these places are supposed
to entail; more respect will be accorded to statutes
and the courts if people will realize a prison is black
—as it always has been.
