---
id: "448"
title: "Who is Really Free"
author: "Rothstein, Rabbi Joseph"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“WHO IS REALLY FREE”
by
Rabbi Joseph Rothstein,
Jewish Chaplain

As this is being written we are approaching the
Passover Festival, which marks the Freedom of the
Children of Israel from Egyptian slavery, some 3,200
years ago. It is, therefore, fitting and proper to take
time out to consider the subject of freedom and to
determine its real essence. Volumes have been writ-
ten on this vital topic, and down through the ages,
millions of men have offered up their very lives to
preserve human freedom which they believed to be
their G-d-given right. Today, once again, in every
part of the world, this great ideal is being challenged.

What, then, is this concept called Freedom?

To many of us, freedom means, “the right to do
as we please”, without being accountable to anyone.
On the basis of this approach, we then proceed to
pattern our lives in such a way that we either do
harm to ourselves or to others. The only rule we have
to go by is—Does this thing give me pleasure—Do
I enjoy it? Those who live by this pleasure principle
rarely stop to consider that some of these things
which they enjoy for the moment, have dire conse-
quences both for themselves and for others. As a
matter of fact, they barter away their personal free-
dom in their quest for the fleeting and momentary
eratification of the senses. Indeed, they become
virtual slaves to their passions—their lusts—and
appetites.

The sages of old, in the Talmud, gave expres-
sion to this thought in their description of the power
Om sim The fins: time a man errs, ib as like a thin
thread which can easily be broken. The second time
he sins, it becomes like a rope, which can still be
broken with some effort. The third time, the effect
of the transgression is that of an iron chain which
binds him. In other words, far worse than any cur-
tailment or denial of our freedom which others may
impose upon us, is our own self-enslavement, in the
chains forged by our own hands.

How can we free ourselves, when we find our-
selves in the latter situation? All is not as dark and
hopeless as it might appear to be, even when we
seem to be hopelessly and helplessly enslaved by our
own compulsive drives and obsessive habit patterns.
According to our belief, G-d is a loving Father, who
has given every man freedom of will to choose the
good life. As a father waits for the return of his
erring son, so the Almighty waits for all of us, even
until the time when we find ourselves at the portals
of death. If we genuinely repent for our wrong do-
ings, there is immediate forgiveness and a complete
reconciliation with our Heavenly Father. As a re-
sult of this reconciliation, we become freed of greed
and selfishness, hatred and eynicism. We are forti-
fied by a stronger and renewed faith to meet the con-
flicts and problems of life, courageously and realisiti-
cally.

We are then, truly, free!!— for our Sages tell
us that “No man is free, but he that is guided by the
Torah (The Law of G-d). Let us then accept the
moral laws of G-d as our guiding principles, that
we may enjoy the blessings of true Freedom.
