---
id: "449"
title: "The Expulsive Power of a New Affection Demonstrated"
author: "Reynolds, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE EXPULSIVE POWER OF A NEW
AFFECTION DEMONSTRATED

by Rev. Gordon Reynolds
Protestant Chaplain

Dr. Karl Menninger, the famous Kansas psy-
chiatrist, was asked at a forum what he would do
if he felt a nervous breakdown coming on. Perhaps
the questioner expected him to say, “I would go to
a psychiatrist.” If so, he was disappointed. What
Menninger said was, “If you feel a nervous break-
down coming on, lock up your house, go across the
railroad tracks and find someone in need and do
something for him.” What lies beneath that advice
is clear enough, is it not? Most cases of nervous dis-
tress grow out of preoccupation with ourselves. The
cure for that is the love of Christ that, because of
its ardent affection toward Him, carries us out of
ourselves in a helpful ministry to others.

The expusive power of a new affection, opera-
tive in one’s life, is a corrective force of immeasura-
ble worth. To the Christian this expulsive power
finds expression in the human response to the love
of God in Christ. Paul recorded it for us in 2nd
Corinthians 5, verse 14: “For the love of Christ
constraineth us.” This love properly released \in
normal channels of Christian living will distinguish
itself by a new adoration for God, a new considera-
tion for others, and, a new submission of self.

“Behold how these Christians love one another!”
was the exclamation of one who watched the con-
duct of the early disciples. Undoubtedly it was the
cohesive power and the superlative beauty of this
love that made Diognetus say in his ancient ‘“Epis-
tle”: “What the soul is to the body, so the Christians
are to the world. They hold the world together.”

The individual, others and even the world it-
self is benefited by the expulsive power of this love.
At home one governmental official stated that the
$40,000 a certain Board of National Missions of a
certain denomination had spent on evangelizing the
American Indian had saved the people of America
and the government in taxes $4,000,000 in that same
period of time that otherwise would have had to be
spent in putting down Indian rebellions. The love
of Christ and a sensible Christian stewardship had
given back to us $100.00 for every $1.00 we had
given to God.

The military is capable only of delivering the
anaesthetic. It can knock out the Indian Revolts,
can subdue Germany and bring Japan to terms and
strap them to the table. Then it must invite the
doctors of the spirit—the religious leaders, that
they with the instruments of the spirit may operate
and remove bad ideologies, false theologies and can-
cerous animosities. If we fail to do that, then, when
the conquered nation, the patient, comes out of the
anaesthetic in an armistice, he will be the same as
before he was put under by force.

Only the expulsive power of a divine affection
can effect the changes in the individual, in society
and in the world at large, that makes for essential
progress.
