---
id: "451"
title: "Someone's Coming Home"
author: "TERRES, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Each day, throughout the U.S.A., someone is being released from Prison on Parole.
This is to remind those who care and have interest in their fellow men that:

Someone's Coming Home
by FRANK H. TERRES

Each month, throughout the Nation, someone
is being released from Prison on parole—or as a free
man. There are many emotions experienced by an
Inmate when he hears the wonderful news that he
is “going home”. Excitement, happiness, relief—and
many other pleasurable feelings course through him
—but,—he also begins to experience apprehension.
As the day draws near for him to be released he
begins to wonder if it would not have been better
to have decided on some other destination rather
than his old neighborhood, or home town. “What
will the neighbors say?” “Gee, I hate the thought
of facing some of those people!” “Everyone knows
I've been in Jail!" "I am an EX-CONVICT!" Once
released, he returns home accompanied by his fears
and apprehensions. Yes, he may cover them by an
air of bravado, but the fears and apprehensions are
present.

This is a natural feeling. Unless a man is a
hardened criminal and lives in a neighborhood that
is populated with many people who have spent time
in prison, he must experience these frustrating
thoughts. Which brings us to a question: How can
the Community help to erase the fears, apprehension
and embarrassment of the situation?

I am writing to those people who have a natural
antipathy towards their fellow-man and wish to help
others overcome and defeat their mistakes and des-
tructive impulses. No doubt there are many of you
with another attitude. Something like, “Why should
I be kind to him? No one goes out of their way for
me! He is nothing but an Ex-Convict! He made his
bed—let him lie in it! Unfortunately, there are far
too many of this type in the world. But, fortunately,
there are many who do care and do have the interest
of their fellow men at heart. It is the latter for
whom I have tried to accumulate some helpful hints
that may aid in making your meeting with a newly
released prisoner more comfortable for both of you.

I am not trying to infer that men from prison
need “pampering.” Far from it. However, it must
be realized that these men have been through a try-
ing experience and have suffered a degree of mental
shock. Their prison experience and association has
created a state of sensitivity towards contact with
free social habitants. If he is a man of pride and
dignity, his guilt-complex will be acute. He suffers
pangs of remorse. He is ashamed. Your actions
towards him may be the difference between bringing
a good man into your social and communal affairs
or driving one in the other direction. Some of us
do not accept the responsibility. But, it is ever

Let him know you are on his side and willing to help, HE NEEDS IT!

present. To those of you who accept, willingly, the
responsibility of extending the hand of fellowship
to mankind, perhaps the following will be helpful.

Having once been in the position of having to
welcome a man from my community who was re-
leased from prison, I am aware that through ignor-
ance, my reactions may have left much to be desired.
Frankly, I was more embarrassed than he. I did not
know what to say or how to approach him. I believe
that many of you may have to face a newly released
prisoner on the future, I would lke to pass along
some of the things that would make it easier for him
to come back home.

1. Always remember that the returning prisoner
is ashamed of his failure. When he meets you, he
will feel uncertain about your welcome. He may
hesitate to put forth his hand due to his acute dis-
comfort. YOU take the initiative! Put forth YOUR
hand with a smile of greeting. Tell him you are glad
to see him home. Make him feel that you mean it!

2. Don’t pretend to be ignorant of where he has
been if you know better. He, also, knows better.
The fact cannot be brushed aside. Naturally, he does
not wish to publicize the fact that he has just re-
turned from prison. He will not put it on a banner
and wear it on his back. But, neither does he ap-
preciate his friends and neighbors trying to hide
the issue from him. This adds to the shame he is
already experiencing. You are making the word
“Prison” a taboo word and thus place him in the
position of experiencing a higher degree of degrada-
tion.

3. BE FRANK! Tell him you were sorry to hear
of his misfortune (if you really were), but are glad
to see him back in the community. You will never
know how much these few words of understanding
may mean to him. I recall the expression one fellow
used to a returning prisoner. “Welcome back to the
living!”, he shouted as he clasped the man’s hand in
warm friendship. Soon they were talking in ani-
mated, jovial companionship. I know that this
gesture was a big help.

4. If the situation develops into a conversation,
ask him of his plans for the future. Show concern.
If you are aware of his abilities, you might give him
a little boost by telling him, “ Well, Joe, you always
were a CrackerJack Plumber. Are you going to
return to the Plumbing trade?” This will give him
a chance to talk of his plans. It will ease any existing
tension. Perhaps he has developed a new trade in
prison. He may be enthused about it and want to
tell of his accomplishments. If you get a man talking
about something that has gained his enthusiasm, he
becomes desensitized of his guilt-complex. This is
extremely helpful to him—and you have gained his
confidence.

5. If you should happen to meet the man’s wife
or parents, it might be nice to tell them you are glad
to see the man home. It will not only make them feel
easier, but, in being relayed to him, will give him
proof of your sincerity and concern.

6. The Clergy can play a major role in helping
the resocialization program. Too often well meaning
Clergymen, who hurry to prisons to dispense spir-
itual guidance, lose contact with the men once they
have left the confines of the walls. I believe that the
community spiritual leader of the man’s faith should
be notified of his release. The Clergy should visit
with the man upon his return to the community and
welcome him back to church. The Church is one of
the focal points in Community activity. Once he
becomes a part of the Church Community, he also
becomes an integral part of the Community as a
whole. His prison experience can become an asset
to the Church. He could become a guiding factor
in the Youth program. His knowledge of youth’s
tragic mistakes through his own experiences, or those
of young men with whom he has associated in. prison,
could be used for profitable avice and caution to the
youth of the community.

7. What apples to the Clergy, applies equally
to other groups in which the man may have been a
member. The American Legion, The V.F.W., The
Fire Dept., Lodges, Business Mens’ Associations ete.
Their understanding and welcome will do much to
aid the individual.

8. Give him the same chance you would give any
newcomer to your community. He has paid a penal-
ty for his mistakes in order to have the opportunity
to start anew. Therefore, he becomes a new person
in your community, by virtue of this payment. Try
to think of this man as “John Jones, new citizen,”
and not “John Jones, Ex-Convict.” If the lawful
element of society will not accept him, he only has
one other place to which he may turn. No man was
born to live alone. He must have the association and
companionship of his fellow man. Why not make it
possible for him to become a member of the law-
abiding group?

9. Capitalize on his mistake! As a Taxpayer, you
are supporting the operation of penal institutions
in your County and State. Ask him if he believes
that the prisons are doing the job that is required
of them. Is your Tax Dollar being spent wisely? Are
they doing all that it 1s possible to do in rehabilitat-
ing and resocializing the social offenders? Is your
money being wasted on non-essentials? Are they
following the coneept of good penological methods?
Do they practice what they preach? Is the offender
receiving individual treatment? Remember, this man
has inside information as to what is happening in our
penal institutions. He may be able to supply you
with information and suggestions that will aid so-
ciety in its attempt to reduce crime. It is possible
that some prisons are inducing (through ignorance)
criminal thoughts and actions rather than retarding
or reducing the malignant growth. Everyone should
take a personal interest in the administrative and
custodial procedures being used in the institutions
they support. It might be feasible to have the Pa-
rolee (and I am sure that an intelligent parolee
would not object) speak to the business men in his
community regarding the methods of correction be-
ing used. So that fairness of appraisal may be as-
sured, I would invite a representative of the institu-
tion to be present and express his viewpoints. It
should prove very interesting.

10. Last, but most important, a word to the fam-
ilies of the men returning home. Surprisingly, or
perhaps not so surprisingly, the members of his im-
mediate family are the ones who usually do and say
the wrong things. In their solicitude, anger, worry
and other family emotions, they will, either purpose-
ly or inadvertantly, stick darts in the parolee’s pride
and conscience. They use his mistakes as a weapon
in an argument. Families have a habit of making
their own excuses and arriving at their own conclu-
sions as to the ‘““Whys” a man commits the acts that
result in imprisonment. The most common family
excuse (if the man was a drinking man): “Oh, if
John hadn’t been drinking, this would not have hap-
pened!” As time progresses, the thought expands
until drink was the cause of all of his troubles. Con-
sequently, if the poor guy should pour himself a beer
ata family or social gathering, he is usually the re-
cipicnt of this jibe. “Oh John,—youw’re not going to
start that again, are you? You know what happened
the last time!” And—there you are!

Sometimes, of course, they are right. But, usu-
ally—whether right or wrong—this is the Red Flag
to the Bull. Immediately they have established (and
it is usually done when present company prevents the
man from venting his anger) the fact that the man
cannot think for himself. They are, in effect, telling
the world that John is weak—and, without their
euiding’ hand, will soon end up in prison again. The
fact that a group of Psychologists, Psychiatrists,
Penologists, and other Correctional Officials may
have established some other reason for John’s down-
fall—the family knows better. They know the real
reason. Probably, if the real reason were to be
known to them it might prove embarrassing. It
might prove embarrassing. It might prove that they
they—the loving family—were responsible for some
of his troubles. Family overprotectiveness, family
jealousy, nagging, financial demands, incompatabili-
ty and other marital situations have been known to
be the cause of men drinking to excess. The fact that
a man is an alcoholic might never have been realized
if he had not had difficulties that he chose to drown
in drink. Naturally, we know that this method of
escape is not reasonable. However, it is indication
that the man’s mental process needs reorganization.
So—good, kind, well-meaning families—please do
not try to be a guiding genius in your solicitude.
Give the man credit for learning something through
his prison experiences. Rest assured, he didn’t like
it in there! It had an effect. Give him the chance to
prove he has the ability to think for himself. Don’t
foree him back into a maladjusted mental frustra-
tion by your lack of confidence in him. Give him
your confidenee! Allow him to accept the responsi-
bilities that is his right and his duty. Tell him of
your confidence in his success and victory over his
mistakes. Let him know you are on his side and are
willing to help—he needs it! But, don’t try to
mastermind his life. This may be disasterous for
the both of you.

I have listed the above hints in the hope that
they will be advantageous to all who read the words.
They represent my feelings on the subject, but, I
believe that most men in prison will agree with
what I have written. Regardless, the milk of human
kindness can nurture two people while being admin-
istered. Both the donor and the receiver are nour-
ished by its food. Why not try it? It doesn’t cost
anything !

In closing, I would like to pass along to you
something that I believe is a wonderful testament
towards a way of life.

On the back of an envelope, found among his
effects after his death last summer in a plane crash,
former Atomic Energy Commission Chairman Gor-
don Dean scrawled:

LESSONS LEARNED:

1. —Never lose your capacity for enthusiasm.

2. —Never lose your capacity for indignation.

3. —Never judge people, don’t type them too
quickly; but in a pinch never assume that
a man is bad; first assume always that he is
goood, and that at worst he is in the gray
area between bad and good.

4. —Never be impressed by wealth alone or
thrown by poverty.

5. —If you can’t be generous when it’s hard to be,
you won't be when it is easy.

6. —The greatest builder of confidence is the
ability to do something—almost anythine—
well.

7. —When that confidence comes, then strive for
humility; you aren’t as good as all that.

8. —And the way to become truly useful is to
seek the best that other brains have to offer.
Use them to supplement your own, and be
prepared to give credit to them when they
have helped.

9. —The greatest tragedies in world and person-
al events stem from misunderstandings.
Answer: Communicate.

Gordon Dean lived by that splendid testament.
Would it not be nice if we adopted such a wonder-
ful attitude towards life?
