---
id: "452"
title: "Chess Club Continues Master Play"
author: "Terres, Frank H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0023.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Chess Club Continues
Master Play
by FRANK H. TERRES

Since the last edition, our Inmate Chess Players
have added further laurels to their already well re-
spected reputation. In competition with Post #396,
The Pawn Club, Upper Moreland High School, and
The City High School Champions, our boys won three
and played one to a draw. Thus, bringing the Chess
Club score to date to five wins, three draws and two
losses.

One of our recent victories was a “sweet” one.
Eastern took Post 3396 to the tune of 5 wins,
3 losses and 1 draw, thus wiping out a previous
defeat suffered at the hands of these worthy gentle-
men. To the writer, who is naturally prejudiced in
favor of Eastern, the score could have been 6 wins
and 3 losses in this contest. Time was called inter-
rupting the play between Marty Pearson and the
Legion’s number one man, Felix Cinkus. When play
was called (due to Institutional Security Regula-
tions), “Marty” (in my book) had the decided ad-
vantage of position—all pieces being equal. How-
ever, the gentlemanly act of a good host was brought
into play—we agreed to settle for a draw.

Having won from The Legion, The Pawn Club,
and Upper Moreland High School, the boys played
host to the remarkable young lads who had just
captured the City Championship for High Schools.
We held no punches and met them with our top men.
It was well that we chose to do so. The young lads
gave ample proof that the title they held was not a
myth. After securing a draw on our Number One
Board, manned by Marty Pearson (ESP) against
Arnold Rubin (CHS), youthful, alert Melvin Waldo
foreed our Number Two man, Tom Brawner, to
resign. “Andy” Paschedag secured a win from
Richard Lunenfeld as did Tommy Williams over
David Greenawalt. However, David Berg, playing an
uphill:‘game against our sagacious “Mike” Quinn,
developed his end game and secured a win. With
only five men in contest, the match ended with two
wins for each and one draw tying the score for the
afternoon. We want to take this opportunity to
publicly express our appreciation to David Berg, son
of our Social Director, for arranging the match. Also,
may we thank Gary Stowell, son of Major Stowell,
for bringing the boys from Upper Moreland High
School into the Institution. It is a priviledge to know
such fine young men.

We are obligated to The Pawn Club for bringing
such a large delegation as representatives of. their
fine organization. The Pawn Club arrived on a
Saturday afternoon with thirteen (13) representa-
tives. Inasmuch as we have tremendous depth in our
organization, this gave many of our members a
chance to compete—those who might not otherwise
have had the opportunity to “get their feet wet”.

As to The American Legion Post #396, we con-
sider them our friends through play and association.
We have never met any group that could exceed
them for sharp play, affability and interest in our
group. They have been instrumental in affording us
the chance to become members of The Philadelphia
Association. At this date, our membership is pen-
ding formal application. If we are accepted, much
of the credit is due to the friendly interest and in-
tervention on our behalf by The American Legion
Fost 42396. Vo turther indicate them iterest, we
have recently purchased six “Chess Clocks” import-
ant to league matches. The Legion brought in a
sample of the ones they bought from an English
Dealer; Supplied us with all necessary information
incident to purchase, and excited our interest. The
result: (No Institutional Funds available for our
cause) The members of Kastern Chess Club dug into
their meager individual earnings and donated
$104.00, the total cost of the cloecks—plus import
duty. Although it may sound expensive to purchase
from England, in reality the cost was $40.00 cheaper
than what it would have been had we purchased
locally.

Believe me, when you are a Chess enthusiast
you really are an “enthusiast”. Not content with the
continual flow of play between our Team and out-
side representatives, the Eastern Chess Club is em-
broiled in an internal battle for Institutional Chess
honors. The Tournament has been in progress since
the last edition and should terminate sometime in
early May. Having dispensed with the preliminary
matches, we are battling for top prize (The Brierley
Trophy) and three consolation prizes (as yet not
known). It is too early at this writing to make pre-
dictions as to the outcome. Only three or four games
have been played with about thirteen more to be
finished. If the outcome is known before this release,
we shall give give you the news.

Superintendent Banmiller was a welcome visitor
to our last match. Mr. Berg, Social Service Director,
was also present. However, the man who shows a
decided interest in our progress is Mr. Joseph
Brierley, Deputy Suprintendent. He is constantly
in attendance and utilizes much of his free time in
our behalf. The arrangement of refreshments is one
of the many services for which we have Mr. Brierley
to thank. The cooperation of Mr. Brierley, and
Major Stowell is a very important item. Without
such cooperation we would not be able to have
friendly competition and social contact with the out-
side world. This is an important step toward penal-
social co-existence. The men of the Chess Club re-
present our entire population each time they meet
with an outside group. May I emphasize that each
one of them conducts himself admirably and is giving
the rest of us the best possible representation.

Let’s all give the Chess Club encouragement and
wish them well in their bid for membership into the
Philadelphia Chess Association.
