---
id: "453"
title: "The Cuban League"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0024.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Cuban League

by JOSEPH “G.I.” McNEAIR

The Cuban Softball League added two new
teams (Pirates and Yankees) to its roster—for a
total of six—and adopted a draw system for choos-
ing players for the individual teams.

On March 3, 1959, the six General Managers
met with the Commissioner and voted for or against
the draw system. The results: 5 to 1 in favor of
the draw.

On March 15, 1959, seventy-nine names that had
been submitted to the Commissioner’s office were
placed on a blackboard. To select the picking order,
the six managers drew lots: John Wheeler, Dodgers-
1st; Phillip Locke, Rams-2nd; Bernie O’Neill, Yank-
ees-3rd; George O’Brien, Pirates-4th; Joseph Me-
Neair, Faleons-5th; and Nick Harper, Giants-6th.

Due to a favorable weather forecast, one that
promised that March 21st, the first day of Spring,
would be sunny and warm, the league’s first pre-
season game between the Giants and the Falcons
was scheduled.

The game ended in a tie but it enabled the team
managers to have a look at the new players who
arrived during the winter.

As of April 8, all of the teams have been fully
complemented and since then, the cagy Generl Mana-
gers talk trade-talk when and wherever they meet.
The league’s three new managers, Bernie O’Neill,
John Wheeler and George O’Brien, have proven they
are capable of heading their teams and just as cun-
ning as the three senior members.

OPENING DAY

April 15—Thomas H. Graham, Director of Ath-
letics and Commissioner of the League—Joseph R.
Brierley, Deputy Superintendent—Dr. Michael Mor-
ello, Director of Treatment—and Superintendent
William J. Banmiller attended the opening game be-
tween the Giants and Dodgers, the first game of a
two-game series.

Mr. Banmiller tossed out the first ball to’ Fred
“Runt” Jordan, last year’s 23-game winner for the
Dodgers. Then came the call to “Play Ball.”

A large percentage of the institution’s inhabit-
ants saw the Dodgers, 1958 Champs, suppress the
Giants by a 13-run margin. The Bums compiled
seven hits, two being home runs by William “Pig-
meat” Perry and John Wheeler, for a total of 15 runs.

Willie Green, the Giants’ new young fast-ball
pitcher, gave his best after being the victim of three
costly errors in the first three innings. He managed
to hold his own, with eight strike-outs, until the
fifth inning. Then after he walked three in a row,
Wheeler and Tim came up and eleaned the bases
with a single and double respectively

Ford, the man with a hundred different pitches,
relieved Green and retired the next three batters in
order.

In the top of the sixth, with two out, Chico
Santages came in as a pinch-hitter and got a double,
later scoring on two passed balls. Hope for a Gi-
ants’ rally faded fast when the next batter popped
out to the catcher.

The Dodgers came to bat in their half of the
sixth. Ford proved he had a variety of pitches but
none of them would triple up in the strike zone. Aft-
er walking six Bums, one after the other, he eased
up and threw one of his hit-me-please balls and that’s
just what Timothy, the Dodgers’ rightfielder, did—
for a ringing double.

The Bums were finally retired in the sixth but
not before they had 15 runs on the scoreboard. In
the seventh, “Runt” Jordan sat the visiting team
down one, two, three. Final Score: Dodgers 15, Gi-
ants 2. Jordan was the Winning Pitcher, with Green
the loser.

YANKS DOWN PIRATES, 6 to 4

April 16—Dave Wilder and the Yankees turned
back the Pirates, defeating them, 6—4, in the open-
ing game of a two-game series.

Facing his first batter (Norman Pearson) of the
season, Wilder hit him with a pitch. Norman stole
second and was advanced to third on a fly ball to
right by third-baseman Jake. Joe Buzzard hit a
slow hopper to short and was thrown out at first with
Pearson scoring on the play. Levi Jones went down
swinging to retire the side.

Little Irish walked the lead-off man, Snooks,
who stole second and then scored when Goodman
sent a scorcher past the Pirate third-baseman’s fing-
ertips. By the time the outfielders could corral the
ball, Goodman was standing on third. Fisher, the
third batter, walked. Irish sat Salty down on three
straight strikes. Bernie O’Neill got on through a
costly error by Pearson at second, which also al-
lowed Goodman to score. Bennett went down swing-
ing and Chico Cooper grounded to John “Boots”
Miller and was.thrown out at first.

For the next three innings it was a pitchers’
duel. Then, in the top of the fifth, Wilder walked
Easley, the man who was vaccinated with a long-
playing phonograph needle. O’Brien, the Pirates’
playing manager, went in as a runner for Easley,
stealing second on the next pitch. Andy then drove
a double to deep centerfield, scoring O’Brien with
the tying run. Irish, the Pirate pitcher, walked.
Norman Pearson hit a sharp single good for two
rbi’s, putting the Pirates out in front by two. Iron-
man Wilder settled down and struck out the next
three batters.

The determined Yanks led off with the top of
their batting order. Snooks reached first on an error
by the rightfielder. Curley, batting for Goodman,
fattened his batting average with a single, stole
second and pushed Snooks to third. Fisher whiffed
but the catcher dropped the ball, enabling him to
reach first safely. Salty followed with a ringing
triple and picked up three rbi’s. Bernie singled
over second scoring Salty—making it a 6 to 4 ball
game. Irish managed to get the next three batters
to pop to the infielders. With five full innings played
the game was called due to inclement weather and
declared an official game. The final score: 6 to 4, in
favor of the Yanks.

Dave Wilder was the Winning Hurler, with
Irish the loser.

DODGERS TAKE SECOND GAME OF SERIES

April 18—In a morning game, the Dodgers won
the second of a two-game series with the Giants by
a l-run margin, 4 to 3. Jordan was the Winning
Pitcher, with Green ectting the loss.

PIRATES AVENGE PREVIOUS DEFEAT

April 18—In the second game of a morning-
afternoon double-header, the Pirates defeated the
Yankees, 3 to 2 , avenging an earlier defeat suffered
at the hands of these same Yanks. Irish was credited
with the win and Dave Wilder was the losing hurler.

KALVITIS HURLS FIRST NO-HITTER
AS RAMS BEST FALCONS 7—2
Earl Brown, Ram Captain, Suffers Injury

April 19—George Kalvitis, speedball pitcher for
the Rams, after being defeated, 6—5, by the Falcons
in his first outing, came back two days later and
pitched a no-hit sleeper, winning the game by a score
of 7 to 2.

Earl Brown, one of the better ballplayers
around, was on his way to having a good day against
the Faleons. He came to bat in the third with two
men out, one on, and bounced a solid hit off the
centerfield wall for a double. Being the great com-
petitor that he is, he tried to steal third, but Big
Mack, who was guarding the third sack, was just as
determined that he wouldn’t. Big Mack took the
throw from catcher Ed Whelan and tagged Earl as
the momentum of his slide carried him beyond the
sack. Earl’s foot hit the edge of a concrete walk,
resulting in a broken ankle.

After Earl was removed from the field and ta-
ken to the hospital, the Rams, with Sonny Mays and
Phillip Locke at the helm, continued to lambast the
Falcons for the next four innings. Final Score: Rams
7, Falcons 2.

Umpires: Norman, Jackson and Croxton. Score-
keepers: Stuart and Brinkly.

GIANTS BEST FALCONS IN SQUEAKER

May 1—Thomas “Heads” Brawner’s debut as Mana-
ger of Nick Harper’s Giants was made more memora-
ble by his own ingenuity. He heads a team of young
ballplayers who willingly admitted their shortcom-
ings and were anxious to have someone who knows
the game lead them.

“Heads” led his young Giants onto the diamond
against the Falcons. His orders: “If you can’t win,
don’t let them do it!” A real positive view. Lucky
Jackson, leadoff man for the Birds, got on base.
The threat was shortlived because the next batter
fouled out to the catcher and “Lucky”, the speed
demon, was doubled off first base. Billy Hallowell,
batting third, flied to second.

Wille Green, playing shortstop for the Giants,
reached first on an error and immediately stole sec-
ond. “Tennessee” fanned Herb and Sampson, the
second and third swingers. Harvey came up and hit
a routine fly to Don Morton in center for what looked
like an easy out, but the ball hit his glove and boun-
ced away. By the time the ball was recovered and
relayed to the infield, the batter was on third and
Green had scored.

“Heads”, the next batter, worked Tennessee to
a two and one count. The next pitch was ruled an
illegal pitch by the third-base umpire, sendine the
man on third home to make it a 2 to 0 ball game.
Tennessee retired the side when he threw “Heads”
out at first after his third-strike bunt stayed fair.

Big Joe Simmons, Giant pitcher, allowed only
five hits for six innings and Tennessee one. The five
hits for the Birds were well scattered and their only
threat to get into the scoring column came in the
top of the seventh. Morton, leading off, smashed a
double to center. Cornbread, in attempting a sacri-
fice bunt, popped to the pitcher. Then, a young old
man by the name of Anthony Ramoska, better known
as Tony Space, came to bat and drove a ringing
line-drive to deep left-centerfield. It appeared as
though it would hit high on the back wall. Then,
like a jet-propelled missile, leftfielder “Heads” came
into the picture to make a leaping catch, then turned
and whipped the ball to second for a double-play.
That was the ball game: Giants 2, Falcons 0.

Big Joe Simmons gained the victory and Ten-
nessee was the losing twirler.

GIANTS AND FALCONS BATTLE TO TIE

May 3—The Giants and the Falcons battled to
a 6—6 tie in the second game of a two-game series.
The game will be replayed at a later date. Tennessee
pitched for the Falcons, with Willie Green and Big
Joe Simmons sharing hurling duties for the Giants.

TRADES AND TRIVIA

Since April 15, many contracts have passed over
the trading block.

Joe Buzzard was sent to the Yanks from the
Pirates and later traded to the Dodgers for Willie
“Arkansas” Wilson. MeNeil, Bowser and Charles
Whiting moved from the Falcons to the Giants for
Billy Hallowell and Cornbread. Whiting, who is
just as serious in practice as during actual play, was
practicing with his new team-mates a few days be-
fore the Giants were to meet his former team-mates.
He was trying to improve his sliding and undoubted-
ly he did something wrong because he came up lame,
and at this writing he’s still in the hospital.

The Yankees traded James Fisher to the Fal-
cons for Ed Whelan. The Dodgers sent Cochise Bell
and Teeny Berry to the Giants.

Norman, Jackson and Dave Croxton, the
league’s three umpires, have shown their capability
in the early season games. We are assured of con-
tinued good officiating in future games.

David J. Brinkly, official scorekeeper, is always
on the scene doing a first-class job.

CUBAN LEAGUE
Official Standings
| Team    | Won | Lost | Pct. | GB  |
| Rams    | 5   | 2    | .724 | —   |
| Dodgers | 5   | 3    | .625 | 1/2 |
| Pirates | 5   | 3    | .625 | 1/2 |
| Yankees | 3   | 4    | .429 | 2   |
| Falcons | 3   | 4    | .429 | 2   |
| Giants  | 1   | 6    | .143 | 4   |

CUBAN LEAGUE
TOP TEN HITTERS
| Player    | Team    | G. | AB | H | Ave. |
| Danny     | Giants  | 4  | 7  | 5 | .714 |
| Connors   | Giants  | 4  | 10 | 5 | .500 |
| Heads     | Giants  | 4  | 12 | 5 | .417 |
| Turk      | Rams    | 7  | 17 | 7 | .412 |
| Barney    | Yankees | 7  | 22 | 9 | .409 |
| Levi      | Pirates | 7  | 20 | 8 | .400 |
| Curley    | Yankees | 7  | 17 | 6 | .353 |
| Hallowell | Falcons | 4  | 12 | 4 | .333 |
| Norman    | Pirates | 7  | 22 | 7 | .318 |
| O'Neill   | Yankees | 6  | 16 | 5 | .312 |

PEN ALL-STARS
by Joseph McNeair

Saturday, April 25, marked the opening of the
second season of outside softball competition and
for the opening game, the Pen All-Stars played host
to Reliable A.C. The game was played on a very
beautiful afternoon with Morris opposing Kalvitis
of E.S.P. on the mound. The Pen All-Stars eked out
a 10 to 9 victory.

On Saturday, May 10, our Pen Varsity again
hosted Reliable A.C. The weather man again strew
his blessings on the diamond. It was a very fast
game with Gartland matching pitches with Kalvitis.
Jordan of the Dodgers relieved Kalvitis on the
mound for E.S.P. in the fourth inning with our All-
Stars winning handily, 9—0, thereby sweeping the
two-game series with Reliable A. C.

We are looking forward to many more exciting
afternoons of softball. Come out and root for the
ole’ home team.
