---
id: "454"
title: "Storehouse League"
author: "BROWN, Joseph"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0026.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Storehouse League

by Joe Brown, Reporter

It’s baseball time again and 1959 looks like a
season that will bring many surprises. It should be
another bang-up year for the Storehouse League.
No longer is it referred too as the Rookie League
because it has grown up over the past few seasons
and the players have become seasoned. The teams
to do battle again this year will be the LYNX, ROC-
KETS, CARDINALS and PHILLIES. Perhaps they
won't finish in the order they are listed here, for
this is the beginning of a new season with new faces
and even a new Commissioner in the person of Cleve
Brown. It is questionable as to how the teams will
finish this year. In this report I will be giving you
the owners’ opinions and viewpoints of their teams
and their chances in the coming race. I did not inter-
view the two “blind” umps, Haywood and Higgins,
but I can report a piece of good news from their
camp. One of the umpires had his eyes examined at
the end of last season and now has not one, not two,
but three pair of eye glasses. One of the players
casually remarked, “perhaps he got them for the
other umpire, too.”

The first owner to submit to an interview was
little Mack Smith of the Phillies, and I will say this
for the little, fireball owner: He has spirit, the win-
ning spirit, and he had a big smile on his face. If
his team keeps fighting, many of the teams in this
league will be crying the blues. Smith said, “I ex-
pect my team to finish near the top under my new
Manager, Deac Brown. Our team will move out of
the cellar, but our big problems are like those of the
Philadelphia Phillies. We have some very good play-
ers in Weston, Lynch, Harrison, Cox, Jefferson, Har-
ris, Broadnax, Weston and Williams will handle the
pitching chores, and there are many new faces.”
The little owner then asked, “We do need a little
more, don’t we?” I agree with him and wish him and
his Phillies the very best of luck.

Going over to chat with Owner Dupree of the
Lynx, we found him in a very happy mood, eager to
answer our questions. We found him dreaming about
last year’s championship year for his team. He
boasted of the return of such regulars as Frank
“Ricco” Darrah, who is like a cat in the field, always
able to come up with new ways to make the opposing
teams miserable. Then there is Kitchen, Peterson,
Karl, Pinkett and Capt. Bob Bolding who was Mr.
Big in last year’s World Series. No story would be
complete without mention of Mr. Lynx, known to
all as “Rooster”, an amazing ballplayer who can
perform well at any position. The Lynx owner also
boosts of several new men and his biggest hope at
this time is that “Bubbles” will be able to remain
with the club for the remainder of the season. The
lynx are a very interesting ball club to watch, for
they have the ability to fight their way back to the
top after going into those habitual mid-season
slumps. They just keep on fighting and never quit.
This makes for a winner.

Our next interview was with a most pleasant
and likable fellow. We know him as Sidney of the
classy Rockets. The Rockets started this season as
if they had found the championship fuel and the lik-
able owner told us that memories of defeat in the
1958 Series have fired the Rockets to a new high in
spirit. Sidney, who is also the field captain, proudly
announced that Roundtree returned to the fold as
Manager, and under Roundtree’s management the
Rockets will not run out of fuel again late in the
season. The Rockets proudly mention the return
of regulars Bones, Agnew, Rusty and little Miketish,
with his reliable pitching arm. He is to be handled
by Loadie, a Rocket regular from last year. For the
1959 season the Rockets, a well-knit organization,
boast of strong hitting and good fielding. In closing,
Sidney said, “We will settle for nothing but the
1959 Championship.”

Not being able to locate owner Norman Harmon
of the Cardinals, your reporter had to chat with the
Manager, Oliver Hayman, about the team. At the
time, he was predicting that this will be the Cardi-
nals’ victory year and that his team will march
proudly into the World Series. Speaking of the team
and the raze that lies ahead, the Cardinal manager
is certain that his team is ready and capable of ris-
ing to meet any occasion. They have a number of
new faces who will be backed up by seasoned veter-
ans. A good ball club with Capt. George Sanders
ouiding the team on the field and other such stand-
outs as Tate, Murphy, Bogardus, Elmer, Hooks and
yes, even the owner himself, in his familar spot at
the hot-corner. The Cardinals have been fighting
and will keep on fighting until the last man is out
and the final inning played.

I have given you the opinions and viewpoints of
three owners and one of the managers of the Store-
house League who were on hand when your reporter
called. And now, to round out my report, I would
like to chip in with my two-cent-piece by picking
the teams’ order of finish: Lynx, Rockets, Phillies
and Cardinals. If Iam not shot before the next issue
goes to press, I want to wish everyone a very happy
and successful summer.

Official Standings
Team        Won   Lost   Pct.   GB
Lynx         8      4    .667   —
Rockets      9      5    .643   —
Cardinals    6      6    .500   2
Phillies     1      9    .100   6

League Officials: Cleve Brown, Commissioner; Um-
pires: Haywood and Higgins; Official Scorer: Smitty.

STOREHOUSE LEAGUE ALL-STARS
PLAY HOST TO LOGAN’S BAR
by Jim Stewart

May 3—The Call “Play Ball’ found the All-Stars
of our Storehouse League playing host to Logan’s
Bar All-Star softball team, one of the Phila. Tavern
League’s top teams. The diamond was surrounded
by cheering fans who witnessed a game that will
long be remembered within these walls. The visitors
squeezed out a 3 to 2 victory.

Campeggio, who relieved Kline in the home half
of the fifth inning, is also a pitcher of twenty years
experience, being with Logan’s Bar for one full sea-
son. Pitcher Kline chatted with your reporter and
lauded Roskey, “The Midget”, defending the hot-
corner at third, Logan who played leftfield and Han-
nigan, who roamed about in center.

It was a well-played and well-managed game
and credit must be given to Cleve Brown, new Com-
missioner of the Storehouse League and “Fats”
Johnson of the Phillies who managed the home team.
Bouquets go to Miketish, the winningest pitcher in
the league, who started for the home team and al-
lowed only five hits and two runs in the first five
innings before he left the game because of a sore
leg. Miketish was very capably handled by Hayman
of the Cardinals behind the plate. Karl Thornton
did a bang-up job in leftfield. Shek “Slugger” Mat-
thews hit: a booming triple in the sixth inning to
knot the game at 2—2, scoring on Hayman’s sacri-
fice fly to right. Kalvitis took over the mound duties,
and Lobo substituted at first in the fifth inning, re-
placing Hook. Logan’s Bar tallied a single counter
in the top of the seventh to win the game.

             1 2 3 4 5 6 7  R H E 
LOGAN’S BAR  0 0 0 2 0 0 1  3 8 1
ALL-STARS    0 0 0 0 1 1 0  2 3 2

Bouquets and plaudits go to the umpires: Bur-
rell at the plate, Jackson at first, Croxton at see-
ond and Haywood at third. They did a very work-
manlike job. Mr. Logan expressed his desire to re-
turn with his team and your reporter feels certain
that both he and his team will be welcomed enthusi-
astically.
