---
id: "455"
title: "Sports Items"
author: "Stewart, Jim"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0027.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Sports Items
by Jim Stewart

BOXING

We, of the Echo
Sports Staff, take this op-
portunity on behalf of the
inmates to extend our
thanks to Warden Banmiller and his staff for per-
mitting us to view the Patterson-London Heavy-
weight Championship fight, and it is our hope that
we may be able to view more fights in the future
via the TV route.

HORSESHOES

With the balmy
spring days here to stay,
one strolling the walk in
back of the laundry can
always see such regulars as Perey McCoy, Acie Simp-
son, Ben and yes, even Howard Sullivan, along with
many others pitching for the peg. On the 9-Block
court, many of last year’s regulars have either de-
parted or have not come out of hiding yet. Only one
regular was seen introducing the neweomers to this
age-old game and that was Andy, who spent his
evenings last year hanging the shoes on the old peg.

HANDBALL

The summer months
bring the handball enthu-
siasts into the limelight.
As usual, Jenkins, Mike,
Billy Holmes ,and a newcomer, Cornbread, will be
vieing for handball honors. On 7-Block court you
can see such familiar faces as Blackie Battles, Mike,
Baueco, Antonowieez, Winkler alone with others
who arrived recently.

BASKETBALL

The burying of the
hot water tank in the area
of the basketball court has
brought a temporary halt
to our outside basketball games, but just hold on for
those court thrillers are on their way back. The
Cherry Hill Varsity is read yand raring to go. The
1959 Varsity squad is made up of: John O’Brien and
Dave Croxton, Managers, Harry Fricker, Jake Wel-
ty, Teeny Berry, C. Shepard, Jimmy Morrison, Al
Shepard, Woody, Shakey, Junebug and Cochise.
