---
id: "456"
title: "Happiness is Just a Dog Called Snoopy"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Happiness is Just a Dog Called:
SNOOPY

IF YOU CAN’T SEE “EM

Snoopy, reporting on the baseball beat, advises
us that Manager George “Obie” O’Brien states em-
phatically that his team cannot be stopped this
season,—providing he finds the correct stimuli to
combat an inferiority complex which pitchers of
other teams have instilled in his players.

Cheer up “Obie”, Big Dave and George Kalvitis
only look like they’re throwing aspirin tablets at the
speed of sound. Your boys can hit them. Try get-
ting them to start swinging about ten seconds before
that pair of fire-ballers go into their windups.

WITH THE PUP AND THE RAIN IN HIS HAIR

Snoopy sat watching Jimmie Jackson, Umpire-
in-chief, on a cold and rainy scheduled opening day.
Bellowing like a drowned bull, Jimmie ordered:
“Play ball! Come on you guys, get out there and get
this game started. I ain’t calling it off because of a
laitle mist. Play Ball!”

Brushing the streaming rain from his furrowed~
brow, he scanned the vast empty playing field, com-
pletely ignoring our pestering Pup who gave him a
wave while floating by on the second base bag.
Throwing his mask aside, Jimmie waded across the
infield muttering something about fair-weather play-
ers and smart-aleck dogs.

A WORD OF THANKS

Joe Brown, one of our roving reporters, asked
Snoopy to impart the following note of appreciation
to all men of E.S.P. as he padded around the institu-
tion. ‘The players in the Rookie Softball League
want to say THANK YOU to all who contributed
and to those who, because of a lack of funds, could
not contribute to the Uniform Fund. We can only
show. our appreciation by inviting you one and all to
be our guests throughout the coming season. Get
there early and we promise you the best of seats free
of charge.

THERE’S A LEAK SOMEWHERE

Listening in on the Optimist of the Year in the
person of Fats Johnson, Manager of the Phillies
softball team, after their opening day 23-run drub-
bing: “Well, we’re all set now men. All we need is
a good fielder to plug up that hole in right field.”
Snoopy took a snap at the wise guy who said Fats
needs something to plug the hole in his head.

THIS WE APPRECIATE

While trotting down Three-Block, Snoopy de-
cided to stop in and have his ear scratched by Dr.
Blumbereg’s able and well-liked clerk, Bill Mack.
While there he was honored by meeting two really
fine personages, a pair of physicians who are the
talk of the institution for their treatment and under-
standing.

Dr. Yubas, our new Eye Doctor, took time out
from an examination he was giving to Dave Aikens
to shake Snoopy’s paw. He turned back to take
care of Dave and Snoopy got the giggles listening
to the following bit of conversation:

“Now Dave, just read those letters.”
"What letters, Doc??"
“Why, right here on the sign.”
“What sign, Doc?”
“Here on the wall, Dave!”
“What wall, Doc?”

At this point Snoopy ambled up to the other
Doctor who has made such a hit with the men in our
bailiwick. This was Dr. Weed, the man who has
been doing all the free plastic surgery here over
the past few months. As evidence of the fine, won-
derful work he has thus far done, those two good
looking yeggs hanging out at the 9-Block Officers’
Barber Shop aren’t new men, but are none other
than Danny and Angelo Bezanis with their new
bobbed noses,—the gift of the able and skilled hands
of Dr. Weed.

Snoopy reports that it definitely is not true that
the Bezanis brothers once hid all the loot from a
coin machine robbery in their noses. Right now it
is hard to picture them hiding a policeman’s smile
there.

AND HE'S SO RIGHT

Our rambling canine jotted down for future
reference a quote from one of our intellectuals who
shall remain anonymous. This he considers the de-
seriptive phrase of the year. “Hank Myers can best
be deseribed as a Neanderthal man with a brain.”

PAGE 000 IN THE BOOK

Christmas comes but once a year, but William
West digs “Silent Night” the most. That odd ap-
parition on Easter Morn was our Pup with his ears
pinned down, endeavoring to shut out the blare of
W.W.’s trumpet blasting out the refrain of Silent
Night. It is rumored he will be given an Oscar. (Not
for playing, but for the trumpet.)

WORDS TO THINK BY

Charles (Chuck) Elias imparted to Snoopy a bit
of his own curbstone philosophy: “Life is like a book
with many strange chapters. The pages are like
days of the year. At times we forget, as we turn to
the pages of tomorrow, the lessons we learned from
the pages of yesterday.”

A TIP OF THE BONNET

If Snoopy wore a hat he would take it off to
Leroy (Cas) Wallace, for his outstanding contribu-
tion to the field of art. His paintings have a unique-
ness all of their own. When asked about his inter-
est in abstract art, he answered, “I just want to do
something different and original for a change. It’s
also a realization of a desire to do something con-
structive in life.”

Keep up the good work Cas, we’ll all be on the
lookout for your new canvasses.

GETTING TO KNOW THEM

The men of the Jewish faith invited Snoopy
down to meet some of the fine gentlemen who come
into our institution to join our boys in prayer and
devotional services.

ECHO staffer Dave Howard made the introduc-
tions and informed Snoopy of the help these men
tendered to the men of all faiths here at Cherry Hill.
They were members of The Beth David Reform
Congregation Men’s Club at 53rd St. and Wynfield
Ave. Sydney C. Engel, one the group, is also Super-
intendent of the Philadelphia Mint Coining Division.
While here he donated a number of books to the
inmate library and to the art class.

Dan Gordetsky contributed a supply of mirrors
to the men in the Hobby Shops. They will be used
in decorating minature pianos, ete.

Dr. Penzer, D.D.S., also made a contribution in
the form of numerous dental burrs and disks which
we are sure the men in the wood carving shops will
put to good use.

To these three gentlemen the ECHO staff, along
with Snoopy and all men who will benefit from
their generosity, wish to say Thank You. Thank
You not only for the materials you have given but
more for just coming to us and letting us: feel we
have a friend.

THE PERILS OF PAUL

On Saturday, April 11, a group of young people
along with their professors visited this institution.
While passing through they asked permission to
meet and talk with some of the inmates. Passing
by at the moment this request was voiced, Paul Goff,
Print Shop shipping clerk, was collared and forth-
with ushered into a nearby office to attempt to an-
swer all the questions a couple of dozen curious col-
lege students could think up. luckily tor Paul,
Snoopy rounded up ECHO staffers Joe Cuff, Mike
Smith and Frank Terres, who rescued him from the
deluge of questions before he became completely
swamped.
