---
id: "458"
title: "Of Then,--And Now"
author: "Myers, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Of Then,--And Now

Ilustrated
By
James Morrison

Sunlight journeyed through the grilled door,
dusting a checkered pattern upon the wretched, bar-
pressed frame of Chara, charcoal burner and mur-
derer from Perusia.

Muffled sounds of a roaring holiday crowd,
packed row upon row in the huge coliseum, filtered
their way to the dungeons below.

They they came for him . . .

A steady, rising drone, the roar reached greater
crescendo as they marched upward to the arena.
Flanked by legionnaires and preceded by a high
priest uttering incantations to the Gods of Rome,
Chara walked on. His eyes begged for sight of some
nameless saviour, someone, something, a God to stop
this awful march unto death.

Over and over one plea erased all other sensa-
tions from his mind: “Not to me! Not to me ...”

Then into the brash sunlight as the raucous
chants of those in festive mood gradually diminished,
settling a great hush over and around him. Behind

Hide! Hide! Witch!
The good folk come to burn thee!
Their keen enjoyment hid beneath
The gothic mask of duty. —Anon.

him the huge oaken door squeeked in its closing,—
there was no return. In front, across the arena, the
ereat beasts crouched. Bounding in great strides
they came, roaring as they made their maddened
rush. Their snarls mingled with the roar of the
crowd, creating a sound neither human nor animal,
but bestial in every sense. Small and alone in abject
fear, Chara stood petrified, ... waiting ... watching
... His plea, a muted prayer now, "Not to me! O'
God, not to me. No! No...”

The centuries rolled on, the mills of the Gods
ever turning. The reason of man putting forth feelers
into newer unknowns, further horizons.

Sunlight journeyed through the grilled door,
dusting a checkered pattern upon the wretched, bar-
pressed frame of: Johndoe, laborer and murderer
from Philadelphia.

The muffled sounds of a whirring generator
made their way through the thick, stone walls of the
ereen-doored room.

Then they came for him ...

Now the steady drone of the motors reached a
ereater crescendo of sound as they marched toward
the door. Flanked by guards and preceded by a
black-robed priest, Johndoe walked on. His eyes
begged for sight of some nameless saviour, someone,
something, a God to stop this awful march unto
death. Over and over, his one plea erasing all other
Sensations trom his mind, Oh No! Not to me...
Not to me.”

Into the lighted room, a sterile specter of
hushed sound preceded him.

Behind Johndoe the metal door clanged its clos-
ing. In front of him, across the room, death crouched
on four wooden legs. Beside him words spilled out
in an aged chant, “The Lord is my shepherd, I shall
not ..."

Small and alone in abject fear, Johndoe sat
transfixed as the buckled straps embraced him, his
plea a muted prayer now. “Not to me! O’ God, not
to me. No! No ..."

Leaping and snarling like a great beast, twenty-
five hundred volts coupled with lethal amperage
smashed life away in a twentieth-century flash.

Chara to Johndoe. Across the centuries, under
the guise of justice, man has strung a rosary of con-
demned, one to make the very imps of hell blanch in
horror, gamboling insanely down the corridors of
time, indicting all humanity forevermore.

Chara doubtless was a killer, so too were thou-
sands upon thousands of others who followed him to
legal death. But were there one innocent, one soul
alone condemned to suffer death blamelessly, we
you and I—and all humanity cannot expect but like
treatment from our God on our day of judgement.

History has opened its black chapter to reveal
its grim parade of injustice and then injustice again.
The arenas of the Romans literally bathed in blood .
.. The Spanish Inquisition, where human frailty was
torn asunder upon the racks of the righteous. . . Eng-
land, in her age of enlightment, boiling women in
oil... New England Witch Hunts, where little girls
hardly more than babes were burned at the stake...
Southern lynchings ...

A man was released from Eastern State Peni-
tentiary a little more than a year ago after having
served ten years of a life sentence for murder. Two
witnesses admitted being bribed to perjure their
testimony against him. You say he had life? True,
but only by a hair. The jury could just as easily
have said, “Death!” They did say guilty.

Lest you forget, the road up the Skull of Gol-
gotha was trod by an innocent and a God!

“Quo Vadis?”

by HENRY MYERS
