---
id: "459"
title: "The Secret of Planet X"
author: "Daunt, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE SECRET OF PLANET X

I flipped the switch on the office intercom. Cen-
tral responded.

“Send in my secretary,” I said.

When Sandra came in I asked her to get my
notes and film on the capture of Flying Saucer Six.

Sandra smiled, but her thoughts seemed to be
millions of miles away. Very likely they were, con-
sidering she had come to us in Flying Saucer Two.
She moved with a grace like musie made visible as
she performed her duties. A brunette beauty, with
long, lustrous hair, dark brown eyes soft as velvet.
Like the other captives she was tall, in perfect pro-
portion. Perfectly developed. Standing next to her
now I looked small, felt small.

I said, “Sit down, Sandra.” I started the film
projector, dimmed the lights, lowered the blinds,
focused the film on the sereen. I watched again the
invasion of Flying Saucer Six into our world. Only
a faulty detonator kept this space ship from the fate
of the first five; sabotage by the crew.

So, a Flying Saucer remained intact for our
examination. But we still couldn’t tell from whence
it came—or why; or how long it had been in flight.

by JAMES DAUNT

The log book was missing or destroyed. The crew
had destroyed all the crafts instruments.

The Chief of Military Intelligence appointed
me space investigator, with my knowledge of as-
tronomy and esoteric languages. To date the ques-
tioning of the invaders elicited no information. Med-
ical research showed that the man and women were
biologically identical to us—except that they were
much larger; of perfect physique. Our food and
water they assimilated readily. For all their size,
they were only one-half as strong as our people.
Their military fire power was sadly inferior.

Military Intelligence could not discover the lo-
cation of the mysterious Planet X, as we called it.
The language these visitors from beyond spoke,
never gave us a clue to resolve the sceret.

The newsreel of Flying Saucer Six showed noth-
ing new.

Sandra switched on the lights. I watched for
her reaction to the film. Her face remained a serene
mask. This girl conversed well in our language, with
a delightful accent. P’d persuaded her to work in my
office many months earlier. At the end of her first
week I had my reward. Sandra had looked at me
with eyes like big, brown dises and said, “I like work-
ing with you, sir, you are so kind.”

To me this girl showed an affection tempered
with respect, for, though I literally had to “look up”
to her, I was much older. I watched her now, as she
moved about so gracefully; wished more than ever
that we could discover from whence the invader
came. Their women were out of this world!

Then something happened that gave me the key
to this mystery from outer space: we captured the
seventh flying saucer. By remote control electro-
nics, we deactivated its booby-trap, prevented its
sabotage.

Into my office the guards brought the captive
grew: four men, two women. Sandra jumped up to
greet her people. There were three pets with them;
two small dogs and a bird in a cage. One of the dogs
ran out the open door, ran about and rolled in the
new grass.

I stared at these space people, wondered if |]
was close to a revelation. I said a few words to
Sandra, she spoke to the woman with bird-cage. The
woman nodded, smiling, she reached down and
opened the door to the cage. The bird flew out into
the room, hopped about on its owner’s shoulders,
twittering and scolding. Then it flew out to the tree
on the lawn and began to sing. Everyone listened to
the happy notes of the freed song bird.

I knew as I listened, that I was on the threshold
of a discovery! The key to the seeret of Planct X.
Their pets, so like ours—even a bird in a cage!

It was then it came to me, the solution to the
mystery.

The knowledge sent a chill through me on that
warm spring morning. I knew now the fantastic
location of Planet X. No astronomer had been aware
of this strange planet so like ours, with sunshine
and trees, people and pets so much like our own.
There in space, only two hundred million miles away,
swinging along on the identical counter-clockwise
orbit as our world. We ean’s see it, of course, for
it is six months away from us—on the other side of
the sun!

Even now, I reealled its almost unpronouncea-
ble name, translated by mec, from my seerct tape
recordings of the invaders.

I sent Sandra along with her people. IT didn’t
want her to hear my next words. When she left, |
flipped the switch on the intercom. Central con-
nected me with the Commander of the Solar-pow-
ered rocket fleet.

“This, sir,” I announced, “is what you’ve been
waiting for! I have solved the enigma of Planet X.
We can land a full invasion force on the twin planct
in six months from zero. You'll need interpreters
along to translate the terms of surrender and occu-
pation. What did you say, sir? Why certainly I
Say “twin planet’ with sound reason. What, sir?
Oh, the planet’s name. Well, they call it EARTH!”
