---
id: "46"
title: "The Stones Will Cry Out"
author: "Gallagher, Edwin L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Stones Will Cry Cut

by REV. EDWIN L. GALLAGHER
CATHOLIC CHAPLAIN

Of course men do not worry too much about
their appearance. But still we do not wish to look
as old and rough as the walls around us. So here
are a few hints on how to spruce up:

FOR WRINKLED BROWS

Try the well-known cream, Good Temper. It
contains much patience, charity, a dash of humor
and light laughter; it even helps smooth out your
neighbor’s wrinkles, tones up the facial muscles,
does away with worry-warts, with beneficial results
to all complexions concerned.

FOR THE LIPS

Use the marvelous ointment, Silence. It is
particularly good for lips crusted by gossip, pro-
fanity, foul stories and untruths. It proves the old
adage that “‘one way to save face is to keep the
lower half shut”. Especially beneficial to those who
boast they can speak for an hour without a note—or
a point; or who discover they have the ‘“‘ gift of gab’’.
For exercise, we recommend the Rosary.

FOR THE HANDS

There’s really only one preparation to use—
Generosity—get a large-sized jar. Jt contains a
base of charity, with essences of kindness and
thoughtfulness.Use it frequently throughout the day.
It banishes all ugly traces of greed and sloth, and
keeps the hands busy for others, while providing
you with a wealth of merit. Best thing in the
world to get your small mind off your smaller self.
Use freely the little you have in here, and receive
high dividends. Really beautifies because it’s a
form of prayer.

FOR CLEAR EYES

Try morning prayer. It gets your eyes in
focus. Then apply the restful, protective shield of
Modesty throughout the day. Remember: the eyes
are the windows of the soul. Avoid the glare of
idle curiosity—which is very fatiguing and fre-
quently injurious.

FOR A CLEANSING LOTION

The best is Confession—because it gets into the
most hidden and annoying recesses. It relieves
tension, banishes fear, destroys pride, restores
the beauty of baptism, casts a soothing peace over
the mind and heart, restores hope, begets sanctifying
grace; is very economical, since it costs but the
small coin of humility.

FOR AN IDEAL CONDITIONER

The best on any market is Holy Communion.
It builds resistance to temptation, kills the harmful
bacteria of venial sin, begets humility, nourishes a
desire for virtue, strengthens the flabby will, and
is a guaranteed preservative for life everlasting.

FOR A TRIM FIGURE

Remembering that: ‘‘those who indulge—
bulge,’’ try the daily exercise of some act of self-
denial. Running is also very good—running away
from the occasions of sin.

SLEEP RELAXED
Try prayer before retiring. . It settles the nerves.
