---
id: "460"
title: "Summer Dreams"
author: "Bennett, Richard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Rained Out

Son! Let’s you and I jump in the car... we'll
go out to the stadium. . . we’ll yell and cheer for
the home team ... and make the umpires think
we hate ’em — A growing boy needs soda pop
. . . and perhaps a dog or two... and then I'll
buy some peanuts ... and we'll share them, me
and you — When the umpire calls a ball... we’ll
let him know we’re there . . . and when he sig-
nals a strike . . . make more noise than he can
bear — We'll leave right after dinner . . . Son,
just me and you... please don’t tell your mother
... or we'll have to bring her, too — A baseball
game is not the same . . . with a woman’s foolish
questions . . . she’ll think the game’s in progress
. . . when they’re having warm-up sessions —- Oh,
Son, Look up at that cloud . . . I hope it doesn’t
rain .. . Oh, darn it! Here it comes .. . our plans
were made in vain.

No Human Touch

Untouched by human hands . . . the beauty of
a rose ... an aurora in the heavens... a restless
wind that blows — Untouched by human hands
. .. the dignity of a tree . .. the grandeur of a
mountain .. . a wave upon the sea — No human
hand has ever touched . a robin’s song in
Spring ... a sunrise in the Summer .. . this is no
mortal thing ——- These gems of Mother Nature.. .
are alone her work of art . . . wherein no human
hand . . . could account for a single part.

Do You Recall?

Do you recall when we were kids . .. the games
we use to play .. . spin-the-hoop and kick-the-
can... or hide-and-seek ali day — Or maybe
we would take a hike . . . and make like Daniel
Boone . . . no matter how long the day would be
. . . it would always end too soon — At night
we'd sit out on the porch... . a nickel in our hand
. . . waiting to hear the tinkling bell . . . of the
welcome ice cream man — Yes, those days were
long ago... at least at times it seems . . . but, it was
only yesterday . . . when we lived those boy-
hood schemes — Do you recall the night . . . we
went out hunting bats .. . I think we lost our shoes
. .. Or was it just our hats — Boy! Pop would
always get so mad . . . when I wasn’t home by
nine ... but I found it hard to leave . . . those
boyhood pals of mine — And now I’d give a
million . . . for I'm growing old .. . just to re-
live one yesterday . . . when we were young and
bold.

SUMMER

A Welcome Thing

Summer’s touch is everywhere . . . the leaves and
grass are green ... the roses are a brilliant red
. . . such as I‘ve never seen — Kids are in the
fields at play . . . baseball gloves in hand .. .
people say "Good morning, isn’t the day just
grand.’’ —— The beaches are a favored site . . .
where fortunate people go ... but a lad with
Pop’s new garden hose .. . is just as satisfied, I
know — Swooning lovers fill the park . . . birds
sing their sweet song . . . Grandpa retires to his
rocking chair . . . declaring the sun’s too strong —
Yes, Summer is a welcome thing .. . for both
young and old ... take advantage of each sun-
lit hour . .. for winter days are cold.

by RICHARD BENNETT

A Milestone Reached

Your long awaited graduation . . . will soon be tak-
ing place. . . a lot of years behind you.. . that took
a touch of face — The Alma Mater will be sung
. . . and speechs will be made. . . let this always
be a triumph . . . a night to never fade — Your
future lies before you . . . the road at times is
rough . .. but if you keep your goal before you
. . . you can beat most any bluff — Some will go
on to college . . . the learning’s just begun...
yet like your high school days . . . they’ll have
their moments of fun — Many of your school-day
friendships . . . will dim with passing time. . .
yet, you'll always remember . . . their recalling is
sublime — Use wisely of your learning . . . keep-
ing this thought in view . . . You are the future
of America ... it matters what you do.

DREAMS
