---
id: "461"
title: "A Talk With Justice Bok"
author: "PERRY, James M. (Of The Evening Bulletin- originally printed 4/7/59)"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0035.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A TALK WITH JUSTICE BOK

‘I Swallowed My Tonsils---
And I Said Not Guilty...’

By JAMES M. PERRY
Of The Bulletin Staff

Curtis Bok, who was a trial judge for 21
years before going on the State Supreme
Court bench, talked today about his feelings
for the men and women he has sent to jail.

Justice Bok thinks about them a lot.
Some of them, as a matter of fact, have
been guests in his home after their release.

After 21 years, Justice Bok is convinced
that the system of meeting crime with pun-
ishment is wrong; more than wrong. The
system, in his view, is “an abject failure.”

“The proof that the system is no good,”
he said, “is the fact that 60 per cent of
those persons in prison today will be back
some other day.

“For years, we have relied on the
fortress prison. We have locked these men
up and hoped it would do some good.

“But what can you do with a man who
has been in prison ten or 15 years? The
fact is that after ten years, reclamation is
impossible, except in very rare cases.”

His Heaviest Sentence

Once, many years ago, Justice Bok sen-
tenced a man to 40 to 80 years in prison
for committing 32 holdups. It was the
heaviest sentence he had ever imposed.

“But after ten years I couldn’t stand it
any more,’ Justice Bok recalled. “I helped
him get out.

“He got married (that’s what happenes
to most of them almost immediately after
their release) and then he lost his job while
his wile was pregnant. He didn’t know what
to do.

“He went to a store with a toy gun and
held it up. Twenty-five people joined the
chase and caught him.

“This man, with all the witnesses in the
world, faced 70 years in prison. It was the
end for him.

“He came before me on the new charge.
The lawyer waived a jury trial, and the de-
fendant pleaded not guilty.

“I swallowed my tonsils and found him
not gulity. Today that man is a fine, up-
standing citizen. He hasn’t had a bit cf
trouble since.”

Justice Bok told the story with no re-
grets.

Knobs Can Open Doors

He also told me the story about a long-
term convict who finally won his release.
A friendly warden, aware of the difficulties
in returning to a normal life, set out a
pregram for the convict.

“First of all," Justice Bok said, "he was
allowed to walk around outside the walls.

The following day, a guard took him for an
automobile ride.

“The next day, the guard took him for
a ride again, but this time he stopped on a
quiet street and told the man to cross the
street and buy a pack of cigarettes. He gave
him some change.

“The convict, scared and alone, began to
cross the street nervously. He rushed to the
front door of the store finally, and then
gingerly pushed at the door. When it re-
fused to open, he ran back to the car and
told the guard he couldn’t get into the store.

“This man had forgotten that, cutside
prison, knobs are used to open doors. The
guard told him to go back to the store,
turn the knob and walk in.. He made the re-
turn trip successfully, with less hesitation.”

On occasion, Justice Bok takes a newly
released man to his home to help him along
the path to a normal life.

No Stairs for 18 Years

On one such occasion, Justice Bok told
the man, who had just finshed 18 years be-
hind bars, to take his few belongings up-
Stairs to a guest room.

“I went upstairs a few minutes later,”
the justice said, “and found him sitting
white-faced on the bed. He was shivering
and sweating and could barely speak.

“I rushed him to my cardiologist. (Jus-
tice Bok has a heart ailment). The cardio-
logist said there was nothing wrong.

“He told me that I had forgotten one
thing. My friend had not climbed any stairs
for 18 years. Physically and mentally, it
was an overwhelming experience.”

Justice Bok asked:

“What can we expect from these friend-
less men? Their life in jail has been ab-
normal. They are afraid. They have forgot-
ten what life is like outside prison walls.

Some Day, Horrified Wonder

“Sometimes they commit crimes a week
or two after their release. But that doesn’t
mean they are hardened criminals.”

In fact, Justice Bok maintained, 80 or
85 per cent of all prisoners can be re-
claimed. As for those beyond hope, he feels .
they should be kept behind bars for life.

To point up his beliefs, Justice Bok has
written a book, “Star Wormwood,’ pub-
lished in March. It is a searing attack on
the American system of handling crimes and
punishment.

“Punishment as a concept is a bad
thing," Justice Bok writes in the book.
“Capital punishment is only the most dra-
matic form of punishment.

“Some day we will look back upon our
criminal and penal process with the same
horrified wonder as we now look back upon
the Spanish Inquisition.”
