---
id: "462"
title: "Penal Press Reviews, for the Echo Record"
author: "Warren, Harold Lee"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
By HAROLD LEE WARREN

Penal Press Reviews

A. P. C. I. DOPESTER (Florida): Your magazine,
on the light and breezy side, reflects Florida’s “for-
ward look” in penology. Your editorial showing
that less than one-half of one percent of your gradu-
ates have returned is the best argument possible for
more modern (and realistic) thinking on the part
of the Nation’s “keepers of the keys.”

THE LITTLE NUTMEG (Danbury, Conn.): One
of the most ambitious mimeographed monthlies of
the Federal system, it makes for a good (and full)
evening’s reading. No less than thirty features!

THE POINTER NEWS (Utah): A fine magazine,
well printed, and a good size for easy reading, but I
wouldn’t want it lying around my cell—not with
that sad silhouette showing a man, and mountains,
and BARS separating the two! There must be a
more palatable way of getting across the point,
Pointer.

SEAGOZETTE (Texas): Nice and funny... show-
ing a lot of “tongues-in-cheecks” which is as it should
be. A prisoner without a sense of humor is a sad
sight, indeed. Hey, Jack Lynn, you in the SOSHUL
KORNER. So that’s what they taught you in At-
lanta: FO-NET-IKS.

REFLECTOR (Minnesota): It was a stirring edi-
torial, Yvonne, and you are blameless, but I can’t
help but wonder if your opinion of “I WANT TO
LIVE!” would have been the same had you waited
until, say, Spring. When all of the charges and
counter-charges were in the ery had changed to
“Weep No More For Barbara.” You girls, like just
about everybody else, were “had” by Walter Wan-
ger, who was not interested in furthering the cause
against Capital punishment, but in padding his bank
account. He succeeded. Capital punishment should
certainly be abolished everywhere, but people as
unserupulous as Walter set the cause back; they
don’t advanee it, because they leave the public more
confused and doubtful than ever.

THE STRETCH (Kansas): Another of the more ~
interesting M.M.’s (mimeo monthlies). Doe Bridges,
your “what makes a P.V.?” had good advice and
is a timely article. Unfortunately, it will still be
timely when we are both old and gray.

THE NEW ERA (Leavenworth): The Big Top pre-
sents: one of the finest of them all—very profession-
al, clear, concise—and mature. Especially appealing
is the emphasis on all that is good and constructive,
from the creative arts to “the importance of the
Penal Press.” It’s magazines like yours that do much
to keep the Penal Press ‘important’.

MILL POINTER (West Virginia): One complaint:
Mimeographed pages are sometimes not the clearest
to begin with, and when print is put on top of draw-
ines and “backgrounds” it makes it worse. Is there
such a thing as being too ambitious?

THE ATLANTIAN (Georgia): Long established
as one of the superior quarterlies, the quality and
content to “set the standard.” The article HELP
WANTED, EX-CONS, PAROLEES NEED NOT AP-
PLY showed vividly and accurately a sad truth that
is very prevalent today. On the other hand, Jack
Wolfe’s parole report off-set those unhappy facts
somewhat. His progress has been remarkable and
can serve as an inspiration and example. Jack made
up his mind a long time ago that he’d make it—and
he did!

INSIDE BORDENTOWN (New Jersey): Very in-
teresting bi-weekly. For one reason, they can (and
do) call a spade a spade, being “free from institu-
tional authority and censorship.” In the report,
WATCHES ‘NIXED’, SUPER BERATES CON-
GRESS it was enlightening to hear the argument
(by the Super) against allowing watches (“could
readily be used for timing many wrongful acts”).
That reason seems slightly antiquated.

THE K. P. TELESCOPE (Ontario): The Kingston
monthly is a well-put-together and interesting maga-
zine. It is gratifying to see that Philadelphia’s own
“Queen of The Penal Press” ((Miss Dorothy Scheer)
1s So widely recognized and appreciated for her won-
derful, totally unselfish work. Her article, REHA-
BILITATION IS EVERYBODY’S BUSINESS shows
how tremendous and genuine her interest really is.
Long live the Queen!

SHADOWS (Oregon): A good-looking quarterly,
but the Spring issue left me with the feeling that
you guys just didn’t have much to say this time
around. Some of those far-out titles and expressions
made me feel slightly uneducated. To wit: AUDI
ALTERAM PARTEM (?), HERR REIMSCHEID
(?), EL CAMINO REAL. Do you borrow from Ten-
nessee Williams or does he borrow from you?
