---
id: "464"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Roth, Lorraine Black"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cuff, Joseph J."
year: "1959"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "2"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1959_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For The Echo Record

CHALLENGE

Our Town was shocked by the brutal mur-
dev in April last year or Insho Ohw Korean:
graduate student at the University of Penn-
Sylvania.

But our people were determined that some
good should come out of evil.

Some has. About 300 boys between the
ages of 8 and 17 living in the Powelton area
where In-ho Oh was killed have joined nine
newly organized Boy Scout units. About 75
adults have offered their services to scouting.

The challenge has been only partly met.
There are 5,000 boys of scouting age in the area,
and questionaires sent to schools indicate 95
per cent of the boys are interested in scouting.

The need is for more adult leaders. Here
is a chance to give boys a chance.

Via Philadelphia Daily News

SINNERS

We have arrived at a condition in our
country where there are no sinners; nobody
ever goes wrong. Other people may do wrong
to them, such as stealing, maligning, robbing
and persecuting—and for this they ought to
be punished. But these holy innocents, when
they do the same evil things to others, never,
never admit they are sinners. The day is past
when anyone ever should object to the Immace-
ulate Conception, for everyone admits he is
conceived immaculately. They may be neuro-
ties, or they may be psychoties, but they never
have done wrong, never committed a sin; they
are aS pure and holy as they came from their
mothers’ wombs.

by Bishop Sheen In the Phila. Daily News

SHOCKED

I am still quivering after reading in your
paper about the judge, Judge A.A. Nelson, who
acquitted a 23-year-old baby sitter who ad-
mitted beating a five-year-old girl with a
doubled up strap and throwing her into the
cellar until after midnight. The Judge argued
that the mother had advised the use of the
strap, and that the degree of punishment used
by a parent-substitute must not be limited or
it might lead to circumvention of authority.

This five-year-old had to be treated at a
hospital after the beating in question, and now
the learned judge says it’s all right for the
mother, or a babysitter on the mother’s advice,
to go ahead and do it again, so as to “properly
mold the character of the child during these
formative years of life,’ as he put in ‘his
decision.

I have just one question. Are we living
in the Middle Ages, or did this decision really
come from a court of justice in 20th century
America?

S/ Lorraine Blake Roth
Pennsauken, N. J.
Via Philadelphia Evening Bulletin
