---
id: "47"
title: "The Way of Salvation"
author: "Haughton, Anson"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Way Of Salvation

by REV. ANSON HAUGHTON
EPISCOPAL CHAPLAIN

One of the most basic beliefs of the Christian
Faith is set forth in that quotation from the Bible
which says, ‘‘Accept the Lord Jesus Christ and you
Shall be saved’’. Unfortunately the true meaning
of this statement is often misunderstood. Many
people in times of great crisis turn to religion in the
hopes that there they may find some answer to their
problem. Very often their initial enthusiasm dwin-
dles away and is replaced by cynicism or suspicion:
they fail to ‘‘get anything out of religion’’. Cer-
tainly this situation is true of many men who come
into the prison. Caught up in a whirlpool of con-
fusion, doubt, frustration, anger and_ loneliness,
they often do try to aecept Jesus Christ as their
Lord and Master but then through the boredom of
months and years and the internal strains of prison
life they seem to look in vain for the ‘‘salvation’’.
Their difficulty lies in the fact that an acceptance of
Jesus Christ is a life-time task and that salvation,
in this life anyway, comes only through that
acceptance.

First of all, we cannot accept Christ, except at
a most superficial level, until we come to know
Him. This implies much more than a good know-
ledge of the Bible although certainly that is the key.
somehow or other, everyone who really would
accept Him must come to know Him as a person,
as a friend, as someone Who is not just a character
Whose life is described in an old book but one Who
was alive and real and genuine. I say ‘was’ alive
beeause until we have come to the point of really
feeling that Christ lived and breathed and walked
and talked like other men we can hardly in fact
come to believe that He is alive with us today.

Secondly, however, and this is where the going
gets quite rough, as we come to know Him better
we have to begin to know ourselves. If we are
unwilling or unable to look realistically at our-
selves and have the humility and courage to face up
to our own shortcomings, weaknesses, prejudices and
emotions, then we can never really accept Him.
True acceptance requires that we open ourselves
to Him, that each aspect of our lives be placed be-
side His life. It takes much humility and would
indeed overwhelm us but for the fact that when we
can begin to accept Him in this way salvation
truly begins, for at that instant we begin to feel
His sustaining Love and Power. But this is still
just the beginning. The Way of the Cross is truly
long, for this process of acceptance must go on and
grow in us in every moment and action of our lives.

Truly, if we accept Jesus Christ we shall be
saved, but this acceptance cannot be based on a
statement or act but must be a constant process of
growth in knowledge of Him and of ourselves, for
it is only this growth which can bring us progres-
sively closer to Him until we reach that point
where we can truly say ‘‘Not my will but Thy will
be done’’.
