---
id: "473"
title: "Editorial"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial: by JAMES "Mike" SMITH

Talk, and the words which go to make it, can be very costly despite its age-old reputation
for cheapness. With the omnipresent means of communication available to the prolific talkers
of this modern age, their speeches and opinions, word for word, blanket the community, state,
and nation, inexorably influencing and molding the individual judgement of the affected group
into a united “public opinion.”

The cost involved in this talk lies in the loss of truth which often accompanies our modern
day acceptance of the sanctity of any opinion heard over the air-waves or read im the press.
Whereas ancient Greeks went to the Delphic Oracle for the truth of any matter, the citizen of
today goes to his newspaper or favorite commentator. People tend to forget the tremendous com-
mercial and political pressures which may be brought to bear upon such media to make any
eause, whether worthy or not, palatable to the public.

As evidence we offer the following quote: “The Federal grand jury Tuesday (Sept. 1, 1959)
accused three former officials of the Mutual Broadeasting System of conspiring to use the radio net-
work to spread propaganda favorable to the Trujillo government of the Dominican Republic, and
of accepting $750,000 in fees. Such propaganda was to be offered in the euise of news items.”

Would the “public opinion” formed as a result of such news items be the opinion of those who
are right, or the opinion of those controlling, by means of money and power, the sources of our
information?

As members of a group having neither commercial or political power of any kind, the Inmates
of our penitentiaries are a favorite target of the “free press, free radio, and tree TY.” An attack
upon criminality and criminals is always popular as who can take the side of the Devil? Thus is
public opinion formed, and the truth of the matter, which includes our humanity as well as our
criminality, distorted and forgotten except by those who still believe in individual judgement.

We, as members of the Penal Press, are also guilty of slanting our material to represent the
best of us and our side of the case. However, we do not believe that any truth is lost by our doing
so since our readership consists of only that small minority of society directly interested and qual-
ified to judge for themselves the worthiness of our opinions. The uninterested majority, never
seeing or hearing any dissenting opinions, naturally accepts the views of a sometimes even more
prejudiced free press or commentator.

This magazine is written, edited, and published in the hope that the novelty of a difference in
viewpoints will cause more people to analyze, as well as read, the views of various news media.
