---
id: "474"
title: "The Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE ECHO MAIL BAG

This space is usually reserved for nu-
merous letters received from Our Readers
—some approving, some disapproving. For
this issue we are utilizing it to relate to
you the series of events which occurred
as a result of a citizen’s interest in a
pressing problem.

On June 25, 1959, John J. McDermott,
of 9411 Torresdale Avenue, Phila, Pa.,
in a letter to the Editor of the MAYFAIR
TIMES, made the following suggestion in
relation to publicized conditions existing
at the Byberry State Hospital:

‘‘Being a subscriber to ECHO magazine
(issued by the inmates of Eastern Pen),
I get a glimpse of the qualities of the
men and women serving time in our penal
institutions. I feel sure enough good in-
mates, possibly serving their last years,
could be organized into a colony of me-
chanics and attendants who would be
happy and willing to serve out their time
with limited liberty and regular guard se-
curity at the Byberry institution.’’

Mr. McDermott forwarded a copy of the
Editorial Page, upon which his letter ap-
peared, to then Editor of the Hastern
Echo, Joseph J. Cuff. Cuff’s reply con-
tained the following statement:

“Your letter is the first to offer such
a solution to a vital problem. It is the
only letter we have ever come across
that was written with such insight, and
most of all, be a step forward in modern
penology. Do you realize the rehabilitative
value of such a program? We too often
hear political promises to create a true
rehabilitative program, but in due time
these promises become lost in the shuffle.
Let us hope that your letter is brought to
the attention of those higher-ups that
could do something concrete in such a
program."

As a result of this reply, in which
Editor Cuff cited the need for someone to
start the ball rolling, Reader McDermott
sent the reply and the TIMES items
to Governor David L. Lawrence.

Mr. McDermott received the following
reply from the Governor’s office:

“Dear Mr. McDermott:

The Governor has received your inter-
esting letter concerning the possibility of
using prisoners as employees at Byberry
State Hospital, together with aeccompany-
ing material, and has requested me to
reply to it. As you may know, we now
have a committee of prominent and in-
terested personnel who are concerned with
the management of Byberry and are ex-
ploring ways for improving conditions
there.

I have taken the liberty of turning
your suggestions over to this committee
and discussing them with the Commission-
er of Mental Health. I am sure that they
will take it under advisement and give
it proper consideration.

Thank you for your interest in this
subject, and your trouble in contacting
us."

S/ David R. Baldwin
Budget Secretary

This is the present status of action
taken at press time. We hope for more
favorable action to be forthcoming in
this matter.
