---
id: "475"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Superintendent's Desk:

In my opinion one of the most important
phases of the Judicial function is to determine
everything possible about a defendant before
imposing sentence after determination of guilt
by plea or verdict. This should be accomplished
by a seldom followed practice in the Common-
wealth known as Pre-sentence Investigation.

Most counties do not appropriate sufficient
funds for this and the few that do have too few
trained men to present adequate facts to the
Court for guidance.

Much has been written and proposed but little has been done by
the counties to establish this important arm to assist the Court in proper
sentencing either to a probationary period or a prison sentence in keep-
ing with the background a trained probation officer can present. Too
often facts could be presented to the Court in such Pre-sentence reports
that would indicate to the Court that probation instead of a prison
sentence could accomplish the desired result, by restoring a deserving
defendant to his family, resume employment to support the family and
not attach to him the stigma of imprisonment. Regrettably there are
insufficient probation officers to adequately enlarge this field!

There are occasions too where such pre-sentence investigation
would show that a defendant’s mental background warrants judicial
action appropriate for the defendant. Too often men are sent to prison
and shortly after reception a petition must be made to the Court for
transfer to a mental institution—a condition which could have been
properly developed in a pre-sentence report.

Many facts could be uncovered that would apprise the Court that
a more moderate sentence could be imposed so a defendant could have
—yes, even in prison, the educational advantages that were denied
him due to lack of parental guidance or possibly due to economic
reasons, and proper facilities and motivation. So few people realize
the background of a defendant and are quite eager to condemn without
knowing the real facts. Unfortunately, the press paints a defendant
in such a manner that not even he would recognize himself.

Objective, professional pre-sentence reports could reveal complete
background of a defendant from school, neighbors, employers and all
facets of his life which unfortunately in too many eases is not before
the Court.

The Federal Courts have gone far in this field and the State Courts
could well emulate them particularly in large counties where defend-
tragically the young ones—are unknown. I would stronely urge
serious consideration by all counties for the establishment of properly
trained staffs to prepare pre-sentence reports for judicial guidance.
There is ttle doubt that the Courts would weleome pre-sentence inves-
tigation by trained workers.

Another aspect of adequate reports is proper sentencing if pro-
bation is not ordered. This will be covered in the next issue.

William J. Banmiller,
Superintendent
