---
id: "477"
title: "A Commentary on Parole"
author: "CUFF, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by JOSEPH J. CUFF
A Commentary on Parole

Parole is the release of a convicted offender
under supervision, and under certain restrictions
and requirements, after he has served a portion of
his sentence in a penal institution. It is not clemency
or a grant of forgiveness, but a process of regulated
reformation. Prison gates swing two ways—they
swing shut for those who have run afoul of the law
and are sentenced to a period of confinement, and
they swing open for those who have served the por-
tion of their sentence deemed necessary for prepara-
tion to return to free society. Ninety-five percent of
the persons sent to prison are eventually returned
to society, about 40 percent on parole and a consider-
able number of the remainder under some form of
supervision. So it is vitally important that the
bridge of supervision, which must carry them from
a controlled situation to freedom and useful citizen-
ship, be a strong one.

Although parole received its first official sanc-
tion in the United States over 80 years ago when
the Elmira Reformatory in New York began the
practice, it has been viewed with much suspicion
and distrust by a large segment of the general pub-
lic. Statements of certain public officials, columns
of adverse newspaper editorials and persons in pri-
vate life who have a personal fear of parole as a tool
of rehabilitation, help to fan the flames of contro-
versy.

Much has happened in the field of Corrections
and particularly in Parole since that time. But there
is, of course, much more to be done. People every-
where should acquire a better understanding of at
least some of the things they should know concern-
ing the objectives, the accomplishments, and the
shortcomings of parole. It is only through such
understanding that we can hope to make progress.

I speak to you—our readers—not as an expert
on the subject, but as one who has been around pa-
role for a sufficient length of time to appreciate its
place in modern penology, to have an abiding ad-
miration for those who devote their lives to the
cause, and to be aware of some of its many problems.

It has been my opportunity to see much of pa-
role from different vantage points; first, of course,
as a citizen; second, as a parolee; third, as a parole
violator; fourth, as the Editor of a Penal Publica-
tion. I say to you, frankly, that it presents a dif-
ferent picture from each of these vantage points be-
cause from each of them the outlook is circum-
seribed. But, each of these experiences has strength-
ened my belief in the importance of the work and
my expectation for its accelerated progress in the
future.

PROGRESS HAS BEEN MADE

In many quarters, the principle of parole is
little understood and reluctantly accepted. In so
many others, an appraisal of its work is made on the
basis of the failures of a few parolees instead of on
the basis of the rehabilitation of the vast majority.
I consider the progress to have been made the hard
way because so many people believe a parole system
represents the coddling of prisoners, and because so
many close their eyes and their minds to the fact
that no one is ever committed to the supervision of a
parole system until society has acknowledged its
frustration; until our social institutions including
the home, the school, and the church have admitted
their inability to successfully guide or rehabilitate
him; and until a court has found that he is incor-
rigible and that the state has no other means of
curbing his lawlessness.

Both reason and fairness should dictate that in
these circumstanees no one has the right either to
demand or expect a perfect rehabilitation record
from any parole system, and that it is only where a
fair opportunity is given that we can expect pro-
gress in rehabilitation to be made. As I told you, I
sincerely believe that real progress has been made.
It is now being made in our state. This is due to the
fact that you and those who represent you, have
sufficient faith in the wisdom and justice of the
system.

PAROLE IS TO HELP THE PRISONER

It would be a wholesome thing if the public
would beeome aware of the fact that the parole of
a prisoner is not an act of coddling, but, the con-
trary, is an extension of the state’s supervision while
he is trying to re-establish himself in society. So
many people do not realize that, even for a good
man, the regimenation of prison life over a term of
years would weaken his ability to compete in society
as much as a east on his leg for a lke period weaken
him for running. It would also be a wholesome thing
if many people could be made to realize that the
vast majority of prisoners must be released eventu-
ally,—to become your neighbors and fellow workers
in all walks ot lite. This holds true for more than
9 out of every 10 prisoners.

If it were not for the fact that many men and
women are released from our prisons each year, the
number of prisoners would engulf society. Should
they be released outright or should they be subject
to the supervision of parole? If there were no ad-
justing release of prisoners, it would be but a few
years until there would be a need for many times
the number of prisons in existence today. I am cer-
tain the future progress is not to be found in any
such solution.

The maximum-security prison has its place in
in all correctional systems, but there is every reason
to hope that it will play a smaller part as time goes
on. Different types of institutions, different degrees
of restraint, varied opportunities for education and
work—all looking toward the parole of the indi-
vidual and his eventual rehabilitation—are the ob-
jectives toward which society must work. The sooner
the public, legislators, administrators and tax-con
sclous groups realize that the cheapest security
society can have for their homes against the depre-
dations of people who have once been committed to
a penitentiary for serious crime is not only an en-
lightened prison system, but also an understanding
parole system, the sooner society can turn the tide
of crime in favor of the lawabiding community. The
sooner society can bring about teamplay by juvenile
authorities, police, prosecutors, Judges, parole and
probation officers and the staffs of correctional
institutions, the sooner progress can be made on a
grand seale.

PAROLE REQUIRES TRAINED AND
UNDERSTANDING PERSONNEL

All states have some form of parole procedure.
Some, however, are little more than a name. In some
counties of Pennsylvania, a parole officer will have
more than 69 cases to supervise. In none that I am
aware of do they have as few as 35 to 45, which is
considered an ideal workload. Who on earth could
supervise 69 or more broken men, men with the
limited skills and opportunities of the average ex-
convict? Our large counties of Pennsylvania have
thousands of policemen to guard against the com-
mission of crime, but how many parole officers do
those same counties have to guide and rehabilitate
those who are in the potential criminal class? The
value of any parole system les in the personal super-
vision given to the individual by trained and under-
standing people.

As I told you in the beginning, I am not an
expert in the field of parole, and I have no advice to
offer. However, if I may be permitted, I should like
to make a few closing observations that, in my
opinion, would apply to any parole system.

The personnel must be of the highest integrity.
They must be tramed for the job. The job must pay
cnough to attract that type of person. There should
be a sufficient number of parole officers to adequate-
ly supervise all parolees because no system is better
than the supervision and guidance it affords. It
should be operated by full-time employees because
the responsibility for parole work should be in the
hands of professionals. The work should be ap-
proached in the same spirit as that of John Newton
who, seeing a man being led to the gallows, said to
a friend: ". . . but for the Grace of God, there go 
we."

These, of course, are elementary things. But,
they are also fundamental. We know them and are
aware of their importance, but it has been sagely
remarked that men more frequently require to be
reminded than informed.

Society must strive for continued success and
a belief that the process of parole is destined for
greater progress and with more lasting satisfaction.
