---
id: "478"
title: "The Saga of the Penal Press"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE SAGA OF THE PENAL PRESS

by L. J. BIANCONE
PPA CORRESPONDENT

(First in a Series of Three Articles)

(PPA Dispatch) Eastern Penitentiary, Phila, Pa——The history of prison
scribes can be traced back to the first decade of the 17th century, when on a false
charge of treason, Sir Walter Raleigh faced the hammer of doom and was jugged
by King James in the infamous Tower of London. History has it, while so con-
fined, he wrote the first of his projected eight-volume history of the world. Later,
in 1607, he was beheaded.

The pages of history are illuminated with numerous erstwhile contemporaries
—victims of political and religious oppression—whose immortal works were des-
tined to mold and shape the lives of millions then unborn. Here, in America, how-
ever, there is some reasonable semblance of due process of law—a government of
laws and not of men—which protects its citizens from being imprisoned or execu-
ted at the mere whim and caprice of a sovereign ruler; and further, precludes the
hapless one of today from becoming the favorite—or even jailer—of tomorrow.

Indeed, notwithstanding personal prejudices, no criminal—no matter how
profligate—but, by the common law, is allowed his locus penitentiae. For the com-
mon law, in its wisdom and humanity, says: “You shall have a chance to reform;
in all events, what you are liable to be tried for is an overt act of guilt and not a
violent temper or a depraved heart.”

Sometime, during the last quarter of the 19th century, this basic American
principle won some recognition among the more progressive-minded penologists
of that era. Accordingly, some prison inmates were given enough latitude to shake
the doldrums of prison stupor and the drudgery of rock pile-jute mill routine, by
indulging in a bit of self-therapeutic creativity such as wood carving, leather and
metal craft and, of course, writing.

The first known trickle of writing to 00ze from behind American prison walls
came from the fabled pen of O. Henry. Entombed in the Ohio State Penitentiary
—one of the many ancient bastiles currently in use—O. Henry enblazened his name
in the annals of American literature by writing stories. His success as a sold writer
behind bars gave him both the money and incentive to go to New York upon his
release to pursue the literary career which is now history.

According to Dr. Walter A. Lunden, professor of sociology at Iowa State
College—a prolific researcher and invaluable contributor to the captive press—the
first American prison publication made its appearance on Thanksgiving Day in
1883, at the Elmira Reformatory in New York. “This weekly newspaper,” writes
Dr. Lunden in one of the prison journals (The Spectator, Jackson, Mich.) “car-
ried a decorative masthead with the name, THE SUMMARY.

“The Summary,” the article continues, “contained news of events within the
prison, announcements, poetry and reports of addresses delivered at inmate con-
vocations.” Dr. Lunden further reports that the second inmate publication made
its debut in the Wisconsin State Prison at Waupun in 1886, dubbed THE PRISON
PRESS. It sold both to inmates and the public at five cents per copy. According
to the researcher, this four-page newspaper contained short stories, shop news,
official notices, a lost and found section, want ads, and advertisements from Wau-
pun merchants.

On the editorial page, he observes, Editor Wooten contended that The Prison
Press was the first of its kind. He acknowledged the existence of the Summary
but insisted that “it is circulated gratuituously ... and is edited and published by
the Superintendent and (official) assistants of the Reformatory, and is not there-
fore, in any sense, a prisoner’s paper.”

“Thus began,” Dr. Lunden declares, “the distinction between THE FRONT
(OFFICE) TYPE and THE INMATE TYPE of a prison publication." Pris-
oners generally have a profound respect for the latter, but reserve a seething con-
tempt for the former for obyious reasons.

The third publication, according to Dr. Lunden, developed in the adjoining
state of Minnesota at the State Prison in Stillwater, when in 1887, the inmates of
that institution produced The Prison Mirror, which is still in circulation today. In
1894, the Ohio Penitentiary News followed, and is also currently in circulation.

Our second source of information comes in the person of Herman k. Spector,
no less an authority, who in 1947, passed a stiff civil service examination to be-
come the first official librarian of San Quentin Prison in California. A prolific
researcher of literature, historian and wrter, this affable gentleman dishes out a
generous portion of diversified material, including copies or the San Quentin
News,” to anyone who asks for it. After digesting this material—in the form of
brochures, reports and statistics—you realize, as one of our literary friends puts
it, “this is one man who had no time to write casual articles.” Therefore, the
writer is more than pleased to “ghost” this invaluable benefactor at considerable
length.

Accordingly, publication after publication seeded and sprouted others during
the early 1900’s. In the decade of 1910-1920, at least 11 more publications were
added to the early pioneers. The growth of modern penology eased restrictions in
many areas, and 19 more periodicals were in circulation by 1930, including the
forerunner of Eastern Echo, the defunct PENPOINT.

Then with hare-like frequency, the next four years produced 45 more publi-
cations. By 1935, at least 127 institutions were publishing newspapers, magazines
and periodicals. Among the then late arrivals were such erstwhile member-publi-
cations as THE MONTHLY RECORD, Connecticut; VIEWPOINT, New Jersey;
RAIFORD RECORD of Florida, probably the first voice of the South.

However, the ensuing war years, according to our source, “gave to the more
crochety or unconvinced administrators excuses they needed to kill paper after
paper,” that, until 1945, of some 300 national and state penal and correctional in-
stitutions, only 85 were publishing. Behind this mortality rate lies a great deal of
confusion and skepticism about the purposes and values of such publications. “Like
any other science seeking the truth in the intangibles of human nature,” the librar-
ian explains, “penology makes progress in a tentative, hesitant, groping fashion.
Not the theorist,” he declares, “but the hard-headed administrator determines what
inmates may do, and it is among the practical men that doubts are found.”

After giving several examples—pro and con—Mr. Spector explains that there
are as many and varied opinions as there are prisons, ranging from complete ap-
proval of publication to flat rejection.

In any event, the post-war era experienced a flood of social unrest within the
American prison system, and it was the theorist who was called upon to stem the
tide of prison revolts, riots and escapes. Old penological concepts were thus forced
to give ground to the new, and some areas experienced many revolutionary changes,
ranging from complete overhaul of antiquated penological systems to the estab-
lishment of new, modern minimum security institutions. Of the latter, the Chino
institution in California, and Segoville of the Federal system at Segoville, Texas,
are perhaps the most popular prisoner-rehabilitation centers in the world today.

THE PRESIDIO
THE ELDORA ECHO
THE ENCOURAGER
NEWSY NEWS
THE TERRESCOPE
THE HAWKEYE
THE HARBINGER
THE STRETCH
THE NEW ERA
STRAY SHOTS
CASTLE LIGHTS
SKYTOWER NEWS
BLUE GRASS TIMES
THE ANGOLITE
CALVERT COURIER
SOUNDINGS
THE PERISCOPE
THE MENTOR
OUR PAPER
THE VIEWPOINT
WEEKLY PROGRESS
THE SPECTATOR
THE RIVERSIDE
REFLECTOR
THE PILLAR
THE PRISON MIRROR
THE INSIDE WORLD
JEFFTOWN JOURNAL

THE DRAPER INMATE
THE BULLETIN
THE YOUNG CITIZEN
THE CACTUS BLOSSOM
THE ASP
THE HILLTOPPER
THE PIONEER NEWS
THE FOLSOM OBSERVER
SAN QUENTIN NEWS
BUENA VISTA REVIEW
THE RECOUNT
MONTHLY RECORD
THE LITTLE NUTMEG
FLA-CO-LA
THE YELLOWJACKET
RAIFORD RECORD
A. P. P. DOPESTER
THE SPOKESMAN
THE CROSSROADS
THE ATLANTIAN
THE CLOCK
THE PIONEER
OAKDALE PATHFINDER
THE CORRECTOR
STATESVILLE TIMES
MENARD TIMES
LAKE SHORE OUTLOOK
THE REFLECTOR

Thus, with the advent of modern penology, the number of prison scribes and
publications grew in enormous proportion. Even the more backward prisons—
with few exceptions—welcome this type of occupational therapy as a far safer out-
let for inmate emotions than rattling steel doors and howling in the night. There
is also another important factor worthy of a moment’s attention. That is, no writer,
however inarticulate he may be, can write of his fellow-man and all that environs
him, without seeing the transparency of his own faults!

Following in O. Henry fashion, the more articulate inmates have turned their
backs on the felon’s world, and have begun to look far beyond prison walls for in-
spiration, as Bob Patterson, formerly of the Atlantian—a member publication—
advised them to do: “The factual description of prison life is limited of literary
possibilities and can easily become drab and sordid. The real story is not what men
do in the world of crime or prison; it is what life does to them. There is more
drama in one thinking man’s thoughts than in all the gunplay and bravado of under-
world bibliography.”

Thus heeding this advice, the works of prison authors have adorned the pages
of various commercial publications, ranging from pulps to slicks. Among the best
paying markets to admit prisoners to their pages are such magazines as the Ameri-
can Mercury, The American Weekly, (newspaper supplement) Argosy, Cavalier,
Saga and True. Of these publications, H. L. Mencken of The American Mercury,
in his pugnacious challenge to the bluenoses, was the first editor to open the pages
to prisoners whose work could meet the standards of the magazine. Out of the
mass of manuscripts which cluttered his desk, “only a few acceptable ones appeared,
chiefly the work of [ernest Booth and Robert Tasker, both of whom were inmates
of California prisons. According to Mr. Spector, both have since had books pub-
lished. The former wrote “Stealing Through Life,” and the latter published “Grim-
haven.” Another book, “We Who Are About To Die,” by David Lanson, who
spent 13 months in San Quentin’s death row, followed in their wake.

Prison writers, not unlike their outside counterparts, often wonder whether
the rejected material they send to a magazine is read. Notwithstanding the occa-
sional one-man inefficient operations, Aron M. Mathieu, business manager of the
Writer’s Digest says, “It is the law of competition (rather than any sense of fair
play or cordiality to an unknown) that assures each writer a fair hearing.”

In explaining the reasoning behind this principle, Mathieu points out that each
editorial shop employs article and fiction editors, with each having their staff of
two or more assistants. The assistant has but one way to keep his job and to ad-
vance. “He needs to discover in the morning mail,’’ Mathieu said, “a manuscript,
sell it to his own editor, who in turn has to sell it to his own editor-in-chief. If the
printed matter,” he continued, “pulls fan mail, is quoted and reprinted, and gener-
ally pushes the magazine ahead, then the assistant who found the manuscript, goes
up the line; assuming he does this with some regularity. He is not unlike a base-
ball talent scout. Find new talent or get a new job, are his standing orders.”

Adding with re-assurance, he said, “The American way of competition and
the unknown editorial staff assistant assure every manuscript not only of a hearing,
but a prejudiced hearing; prejudiced insofar as your first reader is rooting to find
something to stake his judgment on.”

In some prisons, according to Mr. Spector, where the educational program is
mature and broad, the setting up of classes in creative writing has encouraged the
development of new talent. “The publication of prison magazines to give novice
writers the prestige of even a limited audience,” he observes, “has further stimu-
lated writing.”

As an example, the librarian points with pride to the CANDLE of the Wiscon-
sin State Prison. Regularly including stories by inmates, it is published as part of
the institution’s educational program and the University of Wisconsin Extension
Department. “Many well-managed prisons,’ he explains, “have arrived at the
conviction that time spent in planning and writing helps both inmate and
prison, for a prisoner pounding away at a typewriter for hours . . . 1s too busy
to dig a tunnel under the walls, or fashion bludgeons for use in a riot. Creative
writing,’ he counsels, “is not considered a cure-all, but an occupation which, de-
manding self-discipline and criticism, may help to develop these needed qualities in
its practioners."

Little of the fiction written in prison is of professional quality. The defects
are rather typical of all tyros—wordiness, straining for effect, plot-lacking and
over-sentimentality. However, as Mr. Spector points out, “with the sophistication
of the writers increasing, inmate fiction shows a promising breadth of subject
and attitude.”

Mr. Spector goes on to say, however, “Fiction can avoid the contentious, but
by that token it cannot satisfy the prisoner’s mind, which dwells on controversy.
From the moment of arrest,” he explains, “he is engaged in dispute with implacable
authority, too often for his happiness a losing battle. He has much to fight for
—hetter prisons, shorter terms, easier probation and parole—and he feels too puny
and mute in the uneven match,” he poignantly observes.

As every conscientious prison administrator knows, discontent festers when
it can not be expressed openly, and infects the whole prison population. Conversely,
as our benefactor points out, “open talk of prisoner’s rights and problems gives
men the hope that somehow their troubles will be understood, and something will
be done to right the cruder wrongs.” Acting on this theory, he adds, “some of the
less hide-bound prison administrators have allowed inmates—in their journals—to
hack away editorially at the laws and philosophies which seem to them unbearably
harsh, and to plump for improvements they want. Articles that speak constructively
on these subjects,” he asserts with a degree of certainty, “for the inarticulate mass
of inmates, are the real meat of prison journalism. They are widely read, he
emphasized, “discussed and reprinted even in the more prudently edited papers.”

Unfortunately, comparatively few publications dare to wage the battle for their
hapless brethern. But those that do, make many and persistent sorties across the
distant span of the bridge of understanding.

The second article of this series will appear in the Winter of 1959 issue.

STATE TIMES
THE FORUM
CASTLE COURIER
INSIDE BORDENTOWN
THE COLONY
THE ENCHANTED NEWS
THE PRISON WORLD
COXSACKIAN
THE ATTICAN
THE SUMMARY
RIKERS REVIEW
Wile Weller
THE INNER WORLD
THE MESSENGER
THE DIPLOMAT
THE NEW DAY
THE M. C. EYE
O. P. NEWS
AGRICOLA
THE PLAINS TALK
THE WOMAN
OSR NEWS AND VIEWS
THE EYE OPENER
THE OUTLOOK
SHADOWS
THE INSIDE NEWS
THE HEADLINER
THE KEYSTONE
THE LENS
RESTORATOR
TEMPUS
THE HOPE PRESS
THE MESSENGER
THE INSIDE STORY
THE SEAGOZETTE
THE ECHO
BORDER SENTINEL
THE POINTER NEWS
THE SENTINEL
TIME AND TIED
THE EVERGREEN
THE AGENDA
THE PENSCOPE
THE EAGLE
THE MILL POINTER
THE MOUNTAIN EAR
THE BAY BANNER
GREEN BAY NEWS
THE CANDLE
THE INSIDER
PAAHAO PRESS
THE GUIDE POST
SUPERACION
SENDA
REVELATION
C. B. DIAMOND
THE BEACON
KP EEESCORE
MOUNTAIN ECHOES
PEN-O-RAMA
THE PATHFINDER
TRANSITION
