---
id: "479"
title: "Profile..."
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
WITH YEARS OF IMPRISONMENT BEHIND
HIM, YET FILLED WITH A BURNING DE-
SIRE TO PROVE HIS GOODNESS
—TO FAMILY AND SOCIETY.

Profile. . .
by THOMAS WILLIAMS

Prisons have molded, shaped and created many
different personalities. All too often the construc-
tive-minded prisoner has been lost in the shuffle of
the cards of time. It is only when these persons are
observed and studied as distinct individuals, do we
see the person they really are or have become. A
day-to-day existence, through years of confinement,
is truly a test for the staunchest mind. Thus we
profile another worthy individual in the person of
Benjamin Watts.

He entered this institution thirteen years ago
to begin a life sentence. The fact of his seemingly
hopeless predicament was deeply etched in his face.
It was a distressing start in the life of this man who
prior to this crime, had never entered a prison be-
fore. This man, with instinctive traits of decency
and goodness, started the long trek constructively.
He has maintained an exemplary behavior record
within this institution. His accomplishments dur-
ing his prison term have shown his faith in a life
worth living. Let’s turn the calendar back a few
years and examine the record.

July 15, 1946 was his day of reckoning. It was
the day of his arrest on a homicide charge. Freed
under bond, he acquired able counsel during this
time and re-entered the courtroom in January of
1947. He was convicted of First-Degree Murder and
sentenced to Life Imprisonment. On May 19, 1947,
he entered this institution to begin service of that
sentence.

His first institutional employment was in the
cafeteria where he worked for a short period of time.
Through his diligent efforts he was soon elevated to
the job of cooking for the night officers and person-
nel of this institution. He held this post for a period
of seven years. Thinking in terms of a livelihood
when released, he endeavored to learn the barbering
trade. He took a barber’s test and received a state
barber’s license. This achievement will enable him
to practice this trade in society. He has also taken
many educational courses, such as Touch-Typing
and Good Enelish. He enrolled in the night classes
of General High School seeking a diploma and ex-
tended education. His moral and spiritual char-
acter can be attested to by the many Biblical courses
he has taken and completed. He realizes the great
importance and value of deep faith in religious con-
victions.

One lasting impression that will stay with this
man is his children’s (Son and Daughter) love and
desire to aid him in his quest for freedom. This may
seem like a trivial instinctive desire. Yet, when you
realize that this man’s crime directly affected the
maternal side of the family, the importance of this
gesture multiplies itself a hundred-fold. They have
steadfastly evidenced their devotion to him in their
plaintive pleas for him to come home. They are now
mature adults, able to reason and evaluate their
father as the man he truly is. The love in their
hearts for him has inspired him to retain his faith
in society for a merciful act of forgiveness.

I asked Benjamin this question: “What are
your thoughts, regarding your years of confine-
ment?”

He replied, “I had a debt to pay and there is
no bitterness in my heart. I realize the severity of
my act and through the years I have striven, and
will continue doing so, to prove to society and my
children that my one past moment of emotional erup-
tion is not indicative of future behavior.”

His aged mother has constantly visited him dur-
ing his imprisonment. This has had its effect on him,
as he desires to change her tears of sorrow to those
of joy in the few remaining years of her life.

In profiling an individual we strive to be as ob-
jective as possible. This is extremely difficult when
dealing with human subjects. This environment
tends to create a compassionate understanding of
the persons themselves. Our daily existence with
these men tends to give us a keener insight into the
sincerity of the majority of these men.

Benjamin Watts is the personification of sin-
cerity in all his endeavors. Ever striving and hop-
ing for a new and better day, uplifting his mind
emotionally, educationally and spiritually.

He said, “I would like to sum it up by saying
that I realize the job of becoming a better man is
never done. It is a lifetime role and I revel in play-
ing the leading part. Prison should have a listing
impression on any man desiring to live by the laws
of God and man, and an inspiration to strive for a
new and better life.”
