---
id: "48"
title: "Face"
author: "Paschedag, Andre L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
AS ICHIGURO PRAYED TO HIS ANCESTORS,
the heavy boots of the conquerors shook the
very walls of his fragile home. As if sharing
his fearful anticipation, the paper-thin walls trem-
bled in terror of the destruction and violence prom-
ised by the strident voices of the occupying troops.
Surely, this was the end of the world; the civilized
world of small courtesies, delicate paintings, and
tinkling, brittle poetry.

All morning soldiers had been passing through
the village, some on foot and others riding in mon-
strous vehicles which seemed to swallow up the
street, until the dust rose behind them to reveal yet
more columns of khaki-clad troops. The ill-fated
war, which had left the tiny village of Moiwashita
unchanged, had ended ten years ago and yet, today,
the fearful farmers saw the enemy for the first time.

Some of the people recalled letters they had re-
ceived from sons who had fought these men in the
jungles of far away islands and saw now that they
were truly a race of giants with ungodly weapons.
Unfortunately, most of the sons had died or refused
to return to the forgotten village after the war, and
so there was no one to whom they could turn for an
answer to their many questions.

Thus they stood in awe and sucked in their
breath at each passing vehicle or column of soldiers.
When the conquerors had first appeared, the elders
of the village had assured everyone that they were
merely passing through, but the children who had
eourageously followed them had returned to report
that they seemed to be stopping right outside the
village.

The day passed rapidly in the excitement of a
once in a lifetime experience and no one had gone to
work in the surrounding rice paddies. After eating
their evening meal, the men gathered in small groups
to discuss the day’s events and the effects it would
have on their lives. All were agreed that no good
could possibly result and that evil was to be
expected.

Suddenly, a rumor swept the village as if driven
by the west wind: the village elder had been taken
by the enemy to talk to their commander. They
had come in one of their little cars and taken him a-
way despite the protests of his family. Having no
other authority to turn to, they questioned each
other as to the possibility of such a rumor having
truth and over many cups of hot sake decided that
such things were to be expected from the ‘‘gaijins.’’
Then with hurried bows they left each other to re-
turn to their homes and inform their families of this
unspeakable breach of propriety which had been
perpetrated during the warm summer evening.

At the temporary camp erected by the troops of
the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, a meeting of nations was
being held in the large pyramidal tent which served
as the regimental CP. ‘With the aid of a Nisei in-
terpreter, Lt. Colonel Cathart was trying to explain
to the aged Japanese standing in obeisance in front
of him that he meant no harm.

“‘Look, corporal,’’ he sighed in exasperation.
‘‘Can’t you get a few simple facts across to him?
Just explain that we’re on maneuvers. We’re going
to be here for a month. The United States govern-
ment will pay for the use of his land. We’re not
going to rape his women or burn down his paper
shacks. By the expression on his face, you’d think
I had just spit in the Emperor’s face.”

The corporal spoke rapidly for a few minutes
during which the Japanese did not make any sign of
understanding but continued to stare morosely at
his clasped hands. Finally, the interpreter said,
‘‘I’m sure he understands, sir. It’s just that he’s
afraid of us. These people are ignorant farmers
and they’ve never seen a white man before. Imag-
ine the reaction if you were to bring a troop of
Japanese into some of the back country of Georgia
or Kentucky.’’

Cathart grunted and answered, ‘‘I don’t need a
lecture on racial identification, corporal. Just so he
understands. Before he goes you’d better give him
the bad news. No use putting it off. We’re going
to need eight or nine of his shacks for the more per-
manent installations. We don’t have enough tents
for the aid station, radio, and so on. Better tell him
now.”

“You mean their homes, sir?’’ asked the inter-
preter in astonishment. ‘‘Why, there are only about
twenty-five houses in the whole village. And there
must be six to eight people in each house. I don’t
see how they can do it, sir!”

The colonel jumped to his feet and shouted,
‘‘Damn it, Lee, am I in command of this regiment or
are you? Maybe you think you should have some
loyalty to these people, but you’re still a member of
the United States Army. Remember that! They
can crowd together a little more; they’re used to it.
They’ll be paid for it the same as the land. Now
tell him! That’s an order. I’ll personally go to the
village in the morning to pick out the ones I want.”

“Yes, sir,’’ answered the corporal and without
further argument repeated the colonel’s instruc-
tions to the Japanese.

The next morning the villagers lined the street
expectantly as the colonel’s jeep appeared and
stopped in the center of the small cluster of build-
ings. The intended appropriation of their homes
had been discussed at length but they only succeeded
in strengthening their belief that resistance or pro-
test was useless in the face of such force. Having
reached this decision, the villagers found themselves
in a quandary; for mingled with the fear of losing
their homes was a fear of a different kind. The
fear that their home would not be found suitable for
occupancy by the enemy which would result in a loss
of face in front of their neighbors. It was the lot-
tery in which those who were selected were both the
winners and the losers. With the natural pride of
possession, each was certain that as soon as the man
with the silver buttons saw their home, he would
want it for himself and they would have proven
their superiority in a village where all were equal
in their poverty.

Even Ichiguro, the old widower with no sons,
felt that this was his last opportunity to regain his
lost stature as a wise and capable man to be respect-
ed by others. His wife having died long ago with-
out leaving him any sons, Ichiguro had labored in
his tiny rice paddy without help and, despite his val-
iant efforts, had slowly lost face as his crop grew
smaller and smaller and his belongings fewer.

His two room shack of waxed-paper and wood
was scorned by the others as being the poorest in the
village. Because of his lonely labor in the field, he
had no time to improve the appearance of his house,
and he had no wife, as did the others, to properly
tend his home. Yet, in his eyes, the little house was
the best in the village and he blamed the jealousy
of his neighbors for their blindness to its beauty.

Afraid to join the others in the street, he squat-
ted on the worn tatami floor and pondered the
question of the cruelty of life and the sweetness of
death. For he was soon to die. The chain of events
had led him into a paradox to which the only answer
was an honorable death. If his house were not cho-
sen, he would have to die to avoid completely losing
face, and if it were chosen, pride would force him to
join his ancestors rather than lower himself and beg
the other villagers for shelter.

So, in his loneliness, he prayed, not to be able to
retain his worthless life, but that his humble home
would be one of the chosen ones, so that he could
die with the knowledge that he had regained his
manhood.

As the commanding officer strode through the
village inspecting houses, he wrinkled his nose in
disgust. He turned to the lieutenant following him
pone said, ‘‘None of these hovels are any better than
pig-sties, but we’ll have to take the best we can get.
I suppose we can always fumigate them and make
them half-way fit to live in.’

The lieutenant nodded in agreement and said,
‘‘Yes, sir. These people must be really poor. Look
at the way they’ re following us. Almost as if they
were hoping we’d take their houses.’

‘‘Of course! Why shouldn’t they?’’ asked the
colonel. ‘‘The money they will get will support
them for the rest of their lives. Don’t let these pro-
fessors tell you anything about countries having
different codes of living. There’s one code they all
understand and that’s money. Well, I suppose
that’s the lot of them. Send some men down to
post notices on the ones I pointed out. Better find
some way to keep our men out of the worst ones, too.
Heaven knows what diseases they could catch in
some of these places.’’

That afternoon, two MP’s, accompanied by the
Nisei interpreter, tacked dispossession notices on the
doors of the selected homes. They were eagerly a-
waited as they went from door to door, and those
who were passed by lowered their heads to avoid see-
ing the pointed fingers of their more fortunate
neighbors.

One of the MP’s noticed their reaction and com-
mented, ‘‘These sure are a funny people. I’ll never
understand them. Back home when the sheriff
evicted anybody the whole neighborhood raised hell.
These gooks seem to enjoy it. Look at that wrin-
kled old geezer standing in front of that crummy
shack next door. Looks like he’s inviting us in.’’

The interpreter looked and saw Ichiguro as they
passed his home. ‘The old man’s lips were trembling
in excitement and he whispered hoarsely, ‘‘Kudasai,
kudasai?’

“What’d he say?’’ asked one of the MP’s.

‘‘He said ‘please’,’’ answered the interpreter.
‘‘He wanted us to take his house.’’

With a laugh, the MP said, ‘‘That dirty shack!
The colonel would throw a fit if we told him we
couldn’t find anything better than that.’’

Ichiguro sadly re-entered his house as the sol-
diers went on through the village. His head was
bent in disgrace and shame. Surely, it was a mis-
take. Was not his home the oldest and finest in the
village despite the remarks of his neighbors? He
stared intently at the two rooms. They suddenly
seemed bare and untidy and he realized that he was
truly an old man who was no longer able to distin-
guish the truth with his own eyes. With this thought
he sank slowly and ceremoniously to his knees in
front of the small shrine in the corner of the room
and commenced to make his peace with this world
which had suddenly become chill and cruel.

As the MP’s entered their jeep to leave, a child
came running to them and spoke shyly but rapidly
to the interpreter. The corporal listened and said,
“Wait for me. I’m going to see what I can do. The
kid says some old man tried to kill himself.’’

Lengthening his stride to keep up with the
youngster’s fast pace, he followed and pushed his
way through the crowd gathered in front of Ichi-
guro’s house. On the floor, by the usual household
shrine, lay an old man clad in a ragged ceremonial
toga. His frail fingers were clutching at the blood-
stain which covered the front of his body and he
muttered softly to himself.

“What’s his name?’’ asked the interpreter.

One of the villagers replied, ‘‘Ichiguro Watan-
abe-san.”’

The corporal bent over and removed the old
man’s hands from the wound. He could see that
help was impossible. The man was going to die.
He asked softly, ‘‘Why did you do it?’’

Ichiguro stared at him with tired eyes and whis-
pered, ‘‘They slighted my house. How could I live
after they slighted my house?”

Instinetively understanding, the corporal held
the man’s white-haired head in his lap and said no-
thing. All was quiet except for a hammering which
had suddenly commenced at the door. A woman
darted through the crowd clutching a piece of paper
in her hand. The people made a passage for her as
she went to the dying man and silently placed it in
his fingers. He raised it to his eyes and peered at
the strange, unknown writing. He looked from the
mysterious paper to the corporal with desperate
longing in his glance.

He asked, ‘‘Does this mean they have discovered
their mistake and want my home after all?’’

The corporal took the paper from his trembling
fingers and after reading it said, ‘‘Yes, papa-san,
they say they are proud to be able to use your fine
home.”

‘‘Domo arigato gozaimasu,’’ said Ichiguro, as he
closed his eyes. A tremor shook his body and only
the smile upon his wrinkled face gave evidence that
he had died happy and with good face.

The interpreter rose and slowly left the house.
As he returned to the jeep, he looked at the paper
with its bold, black print before throwing it to the
ground. There it lay for all the villagers to see but
not to understand.

“OFF LIMITS"

This property has been condemned as unfit
for habitation and will not be used in any
manner by members of this command.

Signed:

C.B. Jenkins
Medical Officer
2nd Cavalry Regiment

—Andre L. Paschedag
