---
id: "480"
title: "4 The Defense"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
4 THE DEFENSE
by JAMES “Mike” SMITH

“I'm only human. I could have made a mus:
take!” That was the sum total of the apology of-
fered for a false identification which caused an in-
nocent man to spend two months in jail. Fortunate-
ly, another man confessed and correctly identified
his victim before a prosecutor, judge, and jury had
an opportunity to compound this “human” mistake.
Two reputable witnesses had placed the original
suspect thirty blocks from the scene at the time of
the crime. However, this man was an “ex-convict”
with a record, and thus, seemingly guilty until
proven innocent, contrary to the law of the land.

Why was he originally under suspicion? Be-
cause the true culprit had been seen running down
the 200 block of a certain street, and the suspect had
once lived on the 400 block of that street. The de-
ductive reasoning escapes me, but it is a vivid ex-
ample of the snares that are liable to trip the releasce
who is trying to “go straight.”

A very prominent citizen of our town was re-
cently quoted in a newspaper editorial as follows:
“I think this case should be up before the jury in
about two weeks—the jury should be out for about
five minutes and come back with a ticket for Belle-
fonte, with no redress.”

Same citizen, same editorial: “There will be a
ereat many lawyers wanting to defend him and de-
feat justice—all for publicity. If ever there were
two cut out for the hot seat, it was that pair."

After such statements from an educated man
is it any longer necessary to ask whether pre-trial
newspaper publicity affects the judgement of fu-
ture juries? His remarks are only a more literate
expression of the mob’s howl: “Lynch him!"

Delaware legislators must have misjudged the
popular appeal of barbarism in passing their short-
lived bill for compulsory public lashings. Like Cap-
tain Bligh, they were set adrift on a raging sea. In
this instance, public opinion which quickly con-
firmed a wiser governor’s reasoning that such an act
might be distasteful to the voters of the state. Sorry,
gentlemen, you'll have satisfy your strange desires
by some other means. Have you considered sclf-
flagellation?

A recent book, which shall be nameless here be-
cause of my reluctance to give it publicity, offered
photos of prison life as taken by a former inmate.
The pictures were very dramatic, and the captions
more so, but how truthful were the combinations
of the two? We remember when the author of the
book was in the pokey, and voiced contrary opinions.
Royalties are subversive, I suppose, to any cause.

Overcrowding in the nations prisons is “ap-
proaching crisis proportions” according to James V.
Bennett, Director of the United States Bureau of
Prisons,

Stress is laid on three factors as the reason for
this condition: Increased United States population,
the higher crime rate, and the failure of the States
and the government to build new prison facilities.

We would add a fourth factor: With an eye for
punishment rather than rehabilitation, the impos-
sibly long sentences imposed on prisoners, whereas
the rate of reception far surpasses the rate of release.

A Dr. Hadden, psychiatrist and former presi-
dent of the Philadelphia County Medical Society,
recently published an article entitled, “The Low
Cost of Murder.” T’m sorry now I read the morning
edition of the paper which gave it prominence. In-
anities, whether voiced by psychiatrists or idiots,
have a tendency to raise goose-pimples on my liver,
a very uncomfortable sensation.

According to Dr. Hadden, life imprisonment is
a farce and murderers have scored a victory when-
ever such a sentence is imposed on them. Don’t
laugh—he’s serious. I think!

But then again, I wouldn’t advise repeating
his statement to some of the lifers who have served
18 to 25 years locked in a cell with their conscience.
This, despite reassuring reports in the editorial col-
umns of the papers that the average lifer serves only
10 to 12 years.

If Dr. Hadden sincerely belives in his state-
ment, and sincerely believes he is qualified to com-
ment on any phase of penology, then I would sin-
cerely suggest that he see a psychiatrist of another
school than his own.

In commenting on a nationally known attorney,
who spoke against the death penalty, Dr. Hadden
is quoted as saying, “I cannot believe the American
public is so emotionally immature that it will so
readily be swayed.”

Personally, I cannot believe that the American
public is so naive as to place any eredence in Dr.
Hadden’s belief in “The Low Cost of Murder.”

It was a pleasant surprise to read of the recent
ease in which it was decided to place a juvenile who
had committed murder in the hands of the Juvenile
Court. Such action is to be commended.

It is, however, distressing, that such action could
not be taken in all such eases, disregarding the pub-
le appeal of the same.

Certain citizens often publicly contest a
prisoner’s right to appeal to higher courts after his
“Legal Conviction.”

Perhaps if they were better informed and a
little more Christianized, they would realize that it
is the duty of the higher courts to determine the
legality of any conviction—not the man in the street.

When placing a batch of rogues gallery pic-
tures before the victim of a crime, it is unnecessary
to state, “We believe one of these men did it.” Such
is usually the victim’s understanding, and his nat-
ural desire for revenge against criminals in general
will usually result in some identification, whether
valid or not.

The further process of bringing the victim face
to face with the man whose picture he picked from
the rogues gallery with the question: “Is this the
man?” is also rather dubious. By now the victim
has probably firmly etched in his mind features of
the man whose picture he identified, and most prob-
ably forgotten what the man really looked like who
actually took his money.

Thus the usual answer is: “Yes, that’s the man!”
Which man—the man in the picture, or the man who
committed the crime?

A Michigan physician recently recommended
that condemned men be allowed to offer themselves
to medical experiments in exchange for glory and a
hypodermic death.

In rebuttal Mrs. Dorothy Scheer commented as
follows: “The fact that a physician who takes an
oath to preserve, save and improve life should ree-
ommend this farcical compromise to an inhuman
practice alarms me.

"It seems an effort to glamorize execution so
that it looks like a boon to humanity. Now that we
have found a profitable use for a man’s body, we
can salvage our moral scruples into making a wrong
a right.

“First we make a human sacrifice for our col-
lective revenge, then we camouflage our primitive
custom by allowing him to offer himself. A human
life should never be used as an end, and we degrade
ourselves when we use humanity in this way. I can-
not see the subtle difference between this and what
the Nazi doctors practiced. What did all their ex-
periments give to society but tortured cripples and
a disgust for their butchery?

“Being put to death by a hypodermic needle
may be an improvement on the chair or the gas
chamber, but it will not improve our democracy or
our humanity. We should be intent on saving life,
and not on revengeful killing. There is goodness
and creativity in every man that is more beneficial
to society than his death. We should try to dis-
cover this good and develop it for our own decency
as well as the offender’s.”

With these words from an “outsider” truly in-
terested in the problems of the “inside,” the defense
rests its case until our next issue.
