---
id: "481"
title: "Chess News"
author: "CUFF, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0014.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
chess news
by joseph j. cuff

The E.S.P. Chess Club has won recognition in
chess circles throughout Philadelphia and nearby
communities. Through this recognition, they were
awarded membership in the Philadelphia Chess
Association, the membership was won, not through
sympathy or pleading letters to other chess clubs.
It was won by sheer good play, good sportmanship
and the ambition to be recognized as players, not
convicts.

The E.S.P. Chess Club may not be the largest,
nor the best, but it is the proudest in Pennsylvania.
We believe our’s to be the first penal chess club to be
admitted into a chess association in Pennsylvania.

The E.S.P. Club has only been in existence two
years. The club was given permission to form by the
officials of this institution. It is also sponsored by
the same officials. I believe much of the credit must
be given to Marty Pearson, for it was through his
unceasing efforts the club was born. Marty has
shown an unselfish dedication to the classical game
of chess, he nourished and brought the club into a
powerful chess organization, so much so, that E.S.P.
has now made the grade. We must extend a “Well
Done” to Marty Pearson.

A great deal of thanks must be given to Edward
Strehle, Secretary and Joseph Nienalt, President,
American Legion Post #396 Chess Club. It was
through the efforts of these two gentlemen that our
application for membership was presented to Mr.
Leland A. Quinby, President, Philadelphia Chess
Association and member of the Greater Northeast
Chess Club. Mr. Quinby presented the E.S.P. ap-
plication to the other members of the association and
they, in turn, after consideration, accepted our club
into the association. This is a milestone in our cf-
forts to be recognized as “human beings” and will
be of great help in our program for rehabilitation.

SAUL WANETICK, Master DEFEATS ESP CLUB

On May 16, 1959, Mr. Saul Wanetick, (2263
points) was invited by the ESP Club to take part in
an exhibition in our institution. lt was the first
time in our short history that we had the pleasure
of meeting and competing against a master. It
proved to be a most colorful experience and the op-
portunity was most welcome.

Mr. Wanetick is a member of the American
Legion Post 4396 Chess Club, and it was through
the efforts of Mr. Joseph Nienalt and Mr. Edward
Strehle, that Mr. Wanetick was made available to
US.

Mr. Wanetick, playing 18 boards simultaneous-
ly, and I might add, against 18 of our better players,
choose white. After several rounds in which the
opening moves were made, his mastery was felt and
several of our players were forced to resign.

Each move heightened the tenseness. The air
was charged with excitement. One by one the ESP
players were mated. After each mate, there was a
murmured “ah” of admiration for Mr. Wanetick.

ESP was not to be denied some consolation. At
our number 4 board, we were represented by Floyd
Jackson. It was here we had our one and only vie-
tory. Without so much as flicking an eyelash, Mr.
Wanetick looked over his pieces, laid down his king
and resigned. Wr. Wanetick congratulated Floyd
on a fine game. Our eyes glowed with respect for
the two contestants. Although the victory of Floyd
Jackson was our only win, we were just as thrilled
with the draw that Al Rade accomplished.

The score for the evening was 16 victories for
Mr. Wanetick, one loss and one draw. The reward
of the evening was a group of happy and contented
inmates and a remarkable piece of good public re-
lations.

ESP CONQUERS TEMPLE

On May 19th, ESP played host to the Temple
Chess Club. The Temple Club was led by Mr. Joe
Shaffer, Instructor of Statistics at Temple and a
chess master with a rating of 2310 points. Mr Shaf-
fer is a former chess champion of Pennsylvania.

This match was not an easy victory for HSP.
Hach game was an exciting battle to the very end.
The score, 4 wins, 2 losses. The lineups were as fol-
lows, with winners in boldface.

ESP 
Marty Pearson
Tom Brawner
Andre Paschedag
William Hallowell
Howard Brockway
Tommy Williams

TEMPLE
Joe Shaffer
Dennis Hendrickson
Bill Ginsberg
Mingaila Milas
Ralph Heims
Jerry Yellin

THOMAS BRAWNER WINS TROPHY

After emerging the victor in the 1958-59 winter
geason chess tournament, Thomas Brawner was
awarded the Brierley Cup Trophy. This is the first
year for this award.

Prior to the chess match with Post 4£396, Tom
was presented with a championship plaque. This
was an unexpected surprise for Tom and as he ac-
cepted the plaque a smile of gratitude and pride lit
up his face. At the presentation he was given a
tremendous ovation. Congratulations Tom Brawner.

POST #396 WALKS OFF WITH VICTORY

Whenever the American Legion Post 7396
Chess Club visits ESP for a match, there is usually
a battle of moves and counter-moves that is a plea-
sure to watch. On June 13th, Post #:396 invaded

ESP and walked off with a hard-earned, but a well
deserved victory. The score in this match was as
follows. Of the ten match games played, Post 4:396
won 6, ESP won 3, with one draw. The lineups show
the winners in boldface.

ESP 
William Hallowell 
Floyd Jackson 
Howard Brockway 
Tommy Williams 
Frank Darrah 
Al Rade 
Michael Quinn (draw) 
Charles Norman 
Julius Griffin 
Tom Rott 

POST 396
Z. Skorzewski
R. Tomlinson
Joe Nienalt
Walt Neuman
Ed Strehle
Gene Monteleone
J. Berry
R. Grodek
D. Morris
L. Correos
