---
id: "482"
title: "Pitt's Park Opened"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
pitt's park opened

A new park has been opened here in the city
of Philadelphia. There were no brass bands playing
or dedication ceremonies to mark its opening. No
ribbons were cut or silver-plated shovels wielded
by any V.I.P. No children will run among bushes
or flowered glens, nor will pienickers throng its area.

The new park lies in the heart of the Kastern
State Penitentiary.

Clarence Pitt, a resident and first-class citizen
of Cherry Hill, decided early this Spring to find a
cool place to spend the long Summer days to come.
After a Winter of building up the new punishment
bloek and tearing down the old machine shop, the
area running along the east wall, between first and
third blocks, looked like a scene out of World War IT
after a blitz. Great stone blocks of granite were
scattered in disarray all along this section.

Pitt is a big man, and with might and main he
pulled one of these stones into a shaded spot along-
side the wall. He swept the area clear of debris,
looked the site over, and sat down to bask in com-
fort.

A noise a little to the reht of him cauehv his
attention. Someone else was dragging a rock into
place next to his. To the left a similar project was
in operation. Soon all available stones were placed
in a pattern of neatness. Brooms began a sweeping-
wp operation, and someone with a bucket of white-
wash painted a neat row of border stones.

Big Pitt leaned back and smiled.

Pitt’s Park was born.
