---
id: "483"
title: "By Words and By Action"
author: "MORRISON, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
There are those, though few in number, who evidence their interest

By Words and By Action

Edited by JAMES MORRISON

OF TIME AND TALENTS

It was reported in the FOLSOM OBSERVER,
inmate publication of Folsom State Prison at Rep-
resa, California, that a newly formed Recreation
Advisory Committee held its first meeting on June
16. This committee, the OBSERVER stated, is made
up of persons of the surrounding community who
have a particular interest in the recreational field.
These men give very generously of their time and
talents in an advisory capacity to help enrich and
broaden the recreational program at the California
institution.

A PENAL PRESS MAGAZINE

“I personally would like very much to have
some publisher bring out a magazine which would
sell on the newsstands and would be sold by sub-
scription. The: contents would consist entirely of
material written by prison inmates. The material
would be paid for.” So stated Erle Stanley Gardner,
well-known American author, in an exchange of let-
ters with Robert Ebersole of Whittier, California.
Mr. Gardner outlined his proposal, telling of the
major obstacle to be faced and suggested its solu-
tion.

“If one of the foundations which spends millions
of dollars each year in trying to improve conditions
in this country would finance such a magazine it is
quite possible that the public support would enable
the magazine to break even, if it was properly edited
and properly advertised.”

“Someday I am going to try to sell the idea to
a foundation because I know of no private publisher
who would touch this with a ten-foot pole without
a subsidy. However, I am hoping that one of these
days a foundation will see the very great possibili-
ies inherent in such a venture.”

Mr. Gardner continued, “Inmates would be en-
couraged to talk about the crime problem as seen
from the eyes of the inmate; about prison condi-
tions, about rehabilitation, etc.”

“I believe writing is a wonderful activity for
prison inmates. By writing they have employment
in their spare time, they learn the use of words and
some few of them can develop into writers with
sufficient skill to earn a living. In short, writing is
one of the greatest tools for rehabilitation that I
know anything about.”

Long a proponent of the Penal Press, Mr. Gard-
ner, in proposing this outlet for inmate writers’ ef-
forts, adds an even greater service to those already
performed.

EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO HELP

A vigorous, friendly young man from Memphis,
Tenn., who has been in the Baptist ministry for eight
of his 29 years, Rey. James Wyninegar, superinten-
dent of the St. Louis Rescue Mission, is devoting
much of his time to helping men from the I[li-
nois State Penitentiary at Menard, though his mis-
sion serves 17 institutions in Illinois and Missourt.

“I want to help in any way I can," he says. "If
any of the boys would like me to find employment
for them, or just visit with them here, they can write
me and I'll do everything I can.” He is currently
spending every Friday at Menard, visiting with men
who have written him.

Rev. Wyninegar’s mission, a non-denominational
concern which is supported largely by public con-
tributions, is comparatively young but is doing mon-
umental work. In the first 18 months of operation,
he reports, more than 35,000 men have been helped
—all the way from providing a meal to setting up a
home and employment situation.

More institutions such as this are needed to act
as half-way points between penal servitude and re-
habilitation.

A VIEW WITH SENTENCE APPEAL

Recently in Philadelphia, Common Pleas Court
Judge Raymond Pace Alexander urged that defend-
ands in criminal cases be given the right to appeal
sentences as well as to seek new trials.

Judge Alexander recommended this point in a
talk before the Pennsylvania Assn. on Probation,
Parole and Correction, meeting in a mid-city hotel.

He suggested that an appeal from a sentence
be heard en bane by a panel of three judges, none
of whom had sat in the trial itself. This panel, he
said, should have the power to change or alter the
original sentence as it saw fit.

It is this writer’s view that this is an answer
to any susceptibility to human frailties on the part
of the sentencing judge.

RENEWED EFFORTS TO ABOLISH CP

Philadelphia area Quakers have renewed their
efforts to have the death penalty outlawed in Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey.

The historic Quaker opposition to capital pun-
ishment was reiterated at its 278th annual sessions,
held in the City of Brotherly Love.

The Quaker religious and moral position is
summed up in a revised “Statement on Capital Pun-
ishment”, which says in part:

“We believe there is no crime for which the
death penalty should be imposed, and that it is as
much forbidden to organized government to deprive
a human creature of life as it is forbidden the in-
dividual to do so.

“We hold life, given us by our Father, to be
sacred and hence not to be taken from any one of us
by the judgement of man.

“We hold it to be our duty to find methods other
than intimidation, cruelty, retribution or revenge
in coping with wrong-doing and erime.

“We aim to prevent crime by removal of its
causes and, further, to use modern methods for re-
habilitation of the evil-doer in order to bring about
his regeneration.

“We speak at this time because we are in the
midst of unrest and upheaval, when the outlook of
religion and the influence of the spirit are profound-
ly needed by mankind.”

Noting that nine states have abolished capital
punishment—the most recent being Delaware—a
committee report says of the other 41, where juries
give the verdict of life imprisonment or death, “We
eravely doubt that a decision so momentous should
be entrusted to the judgement of any group of un-
trained laymen.”

THE IDEA OF PAROLE

C. M. Gitt, in his column "FOOD FOR
THOUGHT", which appears in the York. Pa. Gaz-
ette and Daily, had this to say:

“The idea of parole we always thought, was to
give persons who have been sentenced for commit-
ting crimes against society time off their original
sentences for good behavior and displaying an atti-
tude conducive to rehabilitation. The main object
thus is to reward a person who shows or displays
willingness to follow the straight and narrow path
from now on. It seems to us that the obligations of
a parole system are to find evidence of this willing-
ness and to give those persons a reasonable and de-
cent chance to become good responsible citizens.”

“It seems to us the system should be interested
in making a man’s rehabilitation as easy as possible
through parole processes. The idea should be to
give him encouragement and support, not discour-
agement and lack of support when the going gets
rough and the persons who don’t believe in any-
body getting a second chance open their loud
mouths. The Parole System should grant parole to
those who really deserve it and then do everything
to justify it. The concern should be with the pres-
ent and the future and not with the past. The sys-
tem should go to battle for the parolee instead of
letting him down when the going gets tough.”

SECURITY WITH A HEART

California’s San Quentin prison is experiment-
ing with a new visiting set-up on a 3-month basis
and for the first time in many years some inmates
will be allowed to embrace their still loyal wives
and children.

Under this “Michigan Plan” inmates will be
permitted to have summer picnics while the children
romp on prison playgrounds, or visit family-style
in special rooms if the weather is bad.

Michigan has gradually made the system work
as a technique of rehabilitation, with the pendulum
swinging away from bars and the chain step. Air-
tight security remains—but with a heart.

An attempt to encourage normal contacts be-
tween men and their families and a change which
might increase the n ormaley of life in prison, were
cited as reasons for the new procedure.

HELPING THEM COME BACK

ATTORNEY GENERAL Anne X. Alpern’s of-
fer to help 500 boys get jobs and an education when
they leave the Pennsylvania Industrial School at
White Hill represents much more than a human
gesture.

She has drawn needed attention to a most vital
problem on the delinquency scene in the State and
throughout the country. That is the problem of re-
habilitating the offender, of offering him the chance
to lead a normal, constructive life.

When a man, old or young, is released from
prison or industrial school after “paying his debt
to Society, it isn’t the end of the Story. Its) the
beginning of a new chapter, and how that chapter
will end depends not on him alone. The community
has a part to play, also.

The ex-inmate faces many difficulties in this
transition period. It is then that the community can
help make or break him.

Having served his term, the offender is entitled
to a fair chance.

It’s everybody’s job to see that he gets it.
