---
id: "484"
title: "They Never Gave Me the Chance"
author: "MORRISON, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
They
Never
Gave
Me
The
Chance

by LARRY L. NULL

“They never gave me the chance!”

How familiar these words are to so many ears.
These six little words are used to answer more re-
proofs each day, within society and prisons alike,
than any other single reply.

When a student is asked by his teacher as to
why he has failed a test, his answer is usually some-
thing like this: “I didn’t have a chance to finish it,
I didn’t have a chance to study.” When a minor
league baseball player is asked why he never made
if to toe majors) he'll probably reply: "They never
gave me the chance.” And, of local import, when an
inmate is questioned as to why he has failed to
make good (though he has the potential), he oft-
times answers: “They never gave me a chance.”

This is a rather weak and pitiful crutch upon
which to support one’s past and present life. I say
“crutch”, because that is what this simple reply
means to so many failures today.

If you ask these failures their meaning when
they utter the “six little words,” theyll probably
go on to explain their life, interspersing the tale
with related woe. Then, they'll sum up by telling
you they never had the right opportunities in the
right fields at the right time.

Just ask this unfortunate if he has ever tried
to make his own opportunities or breaks, and he'll
say he has—but they just don’t seem to materialize.
It’s like the fellow who got down on his knees every
night, and prayed for a new car—but he never went
out and worked for it. Do you think he ever got it?
Never!

Too many of today’s citizens are like our poor
friend who never got his car. Though endowed with
the potential, they have little chance to succeed
without possessing determination, faith and initia-
tive.

In the following three paragraphs are three
200d examples of people of humble beginning who,
despite many adversities, succeeded. They are but
a few of many.

First, Eli Whitney (the man who invented the
cotton gin). Born of middle class parents, he left
home as a young man to roam from place to place.
But, despite his wanderlust, he had his sights set
on a particular goal,—he wanted to be an inventor.
One day his big opportunity came. He noticed how
long it took to seed cotton and how money was be-
ing wasted in the process. Hndeavoring to make a
machine that would seed cotton, thereby saving time
and money for the planters, he worked many long
days and nights until it was completed. It was a
erude machine, but we must remember he began
with very little. He did possess one thing of great
importance, that being determination, and he never
lost sight of his goal—to become a successful in-
ventor.

Second, Edgar Allen Poe (one of the greatest
poets and critics we have ever known). Though
born in poor surroundings, he grew up amid per-
sons of weatlth. At nineteen years of age he was
expelled from his home to make his own way with
little but his own initiative. His one real ambition
was to become a writer and poet. He had to work
very hard at it, because his type of stories and poems
were not appreciated in his day. Many nights he
went to sleep with naught but the sky for a roof,
not knowing where his next meal was to be acquired.
He worked hard, never faltering, and, as history
evidences, he succeeded in spite of all.

Last but not least, "The Witch of Wall Street."
This woman was born into a wealthy family, her
father being a Wall Street bear of notable success.
This didn’t prove to be of advantage since he was a
miser, even to the point of denying her new clothes.
Eventually, on her birthday, her father gave her
$100, and she was on her way with but one desire
—to become richer than her father. With this small
amount of money, plus a large amount of determina-
tion, she reached her goal. At her death she report-
edly was worth millions.

We can see by these three examples that in-
itiative in seeking opportunities, plus faith in per-
sonal ability, plus determination to reach a set goal,
equals the formula of success.

To the failures of today: “Have determination,
work hard for what you want, and remember that
the whole world is not against you.”

Then you can throw away that “crutch.”
