---
id: "485"
title: "That Sound is Back"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THAT SOUND IS BACK
by Francis A. Murphy

After a prolonged absence, the Dixieland sound
has been heard once more behind these (if I may
coin a phrase) grim, grey walls.

A new group of Dixielanders have been very
busy these last few months behind 8-Block making
with the “New Orleans Sound,” and if my old ears
aren’t deceiving, the sound is apparently weleomed
by most everyone. Of course there is room for im-
provement, but after a quick poll of the present
listeners, we have a 98% score in our favor.

However, like all groups of this nature, we real-
ize that it takes a little while playing together to
come close to the real Dixieland sound. The ar-
rangements played by this group are all written by
a noted Dixieland stylist (bought and paid for by
the members of the band) and we are still ordering
more of the same. So by the winter months our
repertoire should include twenty to thirty numbers.

To those who dig the Dixieland style, we prom-
ise a better sound in the weeks to come, made possi-
ble by Tony Trignani on trumpet, Skinny Dyer on
accordion, Bill Farmer on guitar, Paul Goff on trom-
bone, Carl Blessing on saxophone, McKinsey on
clarinet, Dick Hall on bass, and ‘‘Skins’’ Murphy
on drums.

This group has official sanction, but is without
official assistance In any manner, and our practice
takes place in the yard. The group is basically a
cooperative venture, with all hands digging in on
whatever is needed. We hope that in the near fu-
ture we will be able to concertize for an hour or so
in the auditorium for the benefit of those who like
the Dixieland sound.

We are constantly in the process of auditioning
B-Flat instruments trying to reach the exact sound
we want.
