---
id: "487"
title: "On Public Executions"
author: "Teeters, Negley K. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
By Negley K. Teeters
On Public Executions

HANGINGS. FLOGGINGS WERE
FART OF EARLY PENAL CODES

Ed. note: The following article by Dr. Teeters,
professor of sociology and anthropology at Temple U.,
is the first of a series on public executions in lennsyl-
vania from 1682, when the colony was founded by
William Penn, to 1834, when public executions were
abolished in favor of “less pubhc” affairs within the
walls of jailhouses.

Dr. Teeters’ complete list of public executions in
the Commonwealth and a narrative will appear in the
Lancaster County Historical Society Journal, Winter
Issue.

Surprisingly enough, a woman was the first per-
son to be executed in William Penn’s mild and humane
colony. She was Judith Roe. Her crime was murder;
her victim unknown. Her home was in Kent County,
now part of Delaware, but in 1688, when she was
nameedl, i was One Of tne “Lower Coumiies” Of ine
Province.

Penn knew of the case, referring to her as a “mur-
therous woman," and to her crime as “notorious and
barbarous.’’ He denied her appeal for a pardon, so on
March 15th, 1688 she went to the scaffold.

Premeditated murder was the only crime calling
for capital punishment during these early colonial
years. But by 1718, indentured servants and trans-
ported felons were beginning to overrun the Province.
These persons were shipped to all the colonies by the
Mother Country, to be rid of them. In that year, some
12 crimes were made capital offenses by a new penal
code. Coincidentally, William Penn died that year, but
he had lost control of the colony before the new laws
were passed.

Negroes, however were dealt with by more drastic
means. Starting as early as 1693, they were treated
severely for even the most piddling offenses.

For example, a Philadelphia ordinance stated
that constables had the authority to “take up Ne-
groes whom they found gadding abroad without a
ticket from their Mr. or Mrs., and to carry them to
gaole (jail), there to remain without food or drink
and to cause them to be publickly whipped next
morning with 39 lashes well laid on their bare backs
for which their Mr. or Mrs. should pay the whipper.’”

In 1701, Penn and his advisers found it expedient
to impose special drastic penalties for crimes committed
by Negroes. In addition to hanging for several offenses
other than murder, castration was to be imposed for
rape or attempted rape on a white woman. Special
courts were set up to try these Negro cases, but, un-
fortunately, we have no records to show how many
victims of this differential jurisprudance were execu-
ted or castrated.

At this time, however, the provincial council rue-
fully stated that Pennsylvania was “Ye greatest refuge
and shelter for pirates and rogues in America." Penn
himself stated that no place was more overrun than
Philadelphia, where things were done “very scandalous,
openly committed in defiance of the law and virtue,
facts so foul, I am forbid by common modesty to re-
late them.”

The second victim of the colony's refined juris-
prudance was a man. He was Derrick Jonson, a ferry
operator on the Neshaminy Creek in Bucks County.

His victim, like that of Judith Roe, is unknown,
but we do know that the murder probably resulted
from a brawl in Jonson’s ferry shanty. Derrick
threw his victim’s body into the creek, but it was
recovered by the authorities. Thus, Jonson, who was
supposedly a man of parts in the community, came
to a sorrowful end (July 1693), swinging from the
gallows tree.

The spot of Jonson’s hanging became known as
Tyburn—dubbed that after its notorious counterpart
in London—where thousands of criminals swung for
over a cenitiay, Today, tne meme Wyouucn ineiy loo Seem
on maps of Bucks County. It lies between Morrisville
and Bristol at a place once known as Crewhorn, or
Creekhorn, in Falls Township. Records later showed
that the jail where Jonson was detained was so dilapi-
dated and insecure that it was deemed wise to hasten
the execution, lest he abscond.

In fact, Sheriff Israel Taylor, who was a Quaker
rather hoped he would run away, since he loathed his
unpleasant task of executing Jonson. According to the
records, the sheriff resigned after the murderer was
dispatched.

There were few, the report further states, who
came to witness the ghastly spectacle of a man danc-
ing on the air.

This was not typical, as we have discovered
from studies of executions elsewhere. Hangings
have always been considered a major public attrac-
tion, with thousands taking the day of the hanging
as a holiday from work, and often traveling 30 to 50
miles to witness the event.

After Jonson’s demise, his widow, Bridga, or
Breta, petitioned the colonial council for financial help,
but we have no record of the outcome of the appeal.
Perhaps in 1693, public officials were not yet concerned
regarding the welfare of the survivors of the executed.
By 1725 this oversight was corrected, at least in so far
as owners of slaves were concerned. When a slave
WasmexcClHned, a5 valtation was made, and ovwalerc
were paid from funds taken from the local treasury.
Records tell of Phoebe, a slave in Chester County. She
was the property of one Richardson, and was executed
im 1704 tom bitrelary. ler value was placed at 55
pounds, and Mr. Richardson was promptly paid. But
in 1693, Mrs. Derrick Jonson apparently was not com-
pensated for the loss of her bread-winner.

Judith Roe and Derrick Jonson are the only
persons recorded as being executed in the 17th cen-
tury. Hugh Pugh and Lazarus Thomas murdered
Jonathan Hayes of Marple (then a part of Chester
County—now a part of Delaware County) in 1715.
These two, one a millwright, and the other a common
laborer, were referred to as members “of a gang of
Loose Fellows.” For some obscure and strange rea-
son they ran free for almost three years before finally
being apprehended. They were sentenced to death,
denied an appeal, and executed on May 19, 1718.

Slightly less than half of all Pennsylvania execu-
tions took place between 1682 and 1834. At the end
of the period, however, Pennsylvania took the lead
and abolished public hangings. Records of this period
show about 235 public executions between 1682 and
1834.

About 100 of these hangings took place in Phila-
delphia, mostly on the Commons or Public Square, in
the vicinity of where City Hall now stands.

Philadelphia’s first hanging was November 19,
1720, when Edward Hunt was put to death. He was
charged with treason, but his actual crime was coun-
terfeiting. Martha, his wife, was also involved, and
while she escaped the death penalty, she did not
escape a heavy fine. Hunt, a transported servant
come from England, spoke fervently at the gallows,
contending that he had not maliciously or delib-
erately done wrong, and despite his bitterness, for-
gave those who testified against him.

He begged that his “poor wife be preserved
against the pollutions of the world,” but in 1724 Mar-
tha again came face to face with the law. There is no
record of the offenses, but it couldn’t have been serious.
The court pardoned her from a sentence of life im-
prisonment.

FIRST AND SECOND OF A SERIES OF FIVE ARTICLES
