---
id: "488"
title: "Fiery Death Decreed for Early Penna. Muderess"
author: "Teeters, Negley K. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_fal1959_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FIERY DEATH DECREED FOR
EARLY PENNA. MURDERESS

Editor's Note: This is the second of a series of
articles of sociology and anthropology, tracing the
history of public executions in Pennsylvania.

“On Friday the 10th inst. Peter Murphy and
Catherine Bevan were executed at New Castle, the Man
hanged and the Woman burnt, pursuant to their Sen-
ences, Wor ime MWikurcer on Idlarmy Bevan, iclusoamd ot
Catherine.”

This was the blunt and succinct news read by
patrons of the Pennsylvania Gazette, a Philadelphia
newspaper which covered the execution in its Sep-
tember 9-23 edition.

The execution itself, although newsworthy, was
not uncommon. The fact that a woman was burnt to
death for her crime, however, was.

Catherine Bevan, about 50 years old, plotted with
the family servant, Peter Murphy, somewhat younger
than she, to dispose of her husband, Harry, who was
about 60.

The newspaper reported in its June 24 issue that
the woman, “generally suspected to be intimate with
the servant” sent Murphy into town for some “Rat
Bone. . . or Roman Vitriol” which she gave her hus-
band “dissolved in a Glass of Wine.” Fearing the
poison would not “have the Desir’d Effect she implored
the Servant to beat his Master well, especially about
the Breast till she might be able to deal with Him”
herself.

Leaving the rest to his mistress, Murphy went
“for help” while Catherine “beat the old man till he
could not stand and then laid him on a Couch, when
she twisted a Handkerchief round his Neck in order
to strangle him.” Murphy, meanwhile, reported to
the neighbors that his “Master was in a fit.”

Catherine told Murphy that she had a hard
struggle with the old man, "but I have quieted him
at last.”

Although she stoutly denied her part in the “tri-
angle" murder, Catherine Bevan was convicted and
sentenced to be "burnt."

The macabre and unusual event took place on
Friday, September 10, 1731 at New Castle. The news
account gives mute evidence of the last moments of the
conspirators:

“Neither said much at the Place of Execution; the
Man seemed Penitent, the Woman hardened. It was
designed to strangle her dead before the Fire should
touch her, but its first breaking out was in a stream
which pointed directly upon the Rope that went around
her Neck, and burnt it off instantly so that she fell alive
into the Flames, and was seen to struggle.”

Murphy did admit that most of his testimony
was false; that the woman did not tie the handker-
chief around her husbands neck but that she was
the “Promoter of all that had happened.”

While murder and burglary were the most
common crimes punished by the death penalty in the
colony, arson, rape, buggery and sodomy, and in-
fanticide all carried the death penalty from 1718
through the 1790's.

A notorious case of arson accompanied by murder
occurred in Chester County (now Delaware County)
in 1722. These dual crimes, committed by a 17 year
old indentured servant, William Battin, were referred
to by the Colonial Council as “Divers, Horrid and Com-
phicatedl Cronmes.”

Battin, an illiterate, in a gallows-side speech, dic-
tated while awaiting execution, much of his life and
the circumstances of the crime. Born in Wiltshire,
England, he claimed that at an early age he began to
“serve the Devil”—whom he referred to as the enemy—
“and to obey his voice and by yielding to his tempta-
tions which were Lying and picking and stealing other
Men’s Goods.”

He told of petty thefts which led to his father
shipping him off to the New World as an indentured
servant. He was purchased at the Philadelphia
Wharf by a gentle man from Concord, Delaware
County but was sold to the man whose home he set
fire.

One day, his master and mistress went ‘‘avisit-
ing" and left the lad to baby sit with the three
children, all young boys. His story of the cowardly
crime is as follows:

“Whilst I was taking Apples, it came into my mind
through the Insinuation and Wile of the Devil, to
fire the House, and burn that and the Children together,
thinking thereby the better to run away, from conclud-
ing others would imagine myself burnt. To accomplish
this barbarous and wicked Design, I Fired the Flax
with the Flame of the Candle.” But his “Heart failed’
so he stamped out the flame—or so he thought, and
returned down the stairs and fell asleep. But he was
awakened “by a great Noise like the firing of a Gun
which made me run upstairs, where I found the fire
revived and the Flames raging through the House,”

The youngest of the children awoke and called
for “his Mummy," whereupon the frantic adolescent
slapped the child and ordered him back to bed. He
then ran out of the house and to the neighbors where
his master and m’‘stress were visiting. He arrived
and deliberately told them that the children were
safe.

Battin was tried, convicted and hanged. His last
words at the scaffold were: "I am just now, good
People, going to make my appearance in the other
Worle, where I must give an account of my past
actions. My Sins are so odious and so many, that I
can hardly expect Forgiveness or Admittance in the
Favour of God. I desire all Youth to take Example by
me and have a Care how they disobey their parents.
In the Face of the World I now declare my Abhorrence
and Detestation of my Sins . . . I yield my Body to
this Shameful and Ignominious Death being about 17
years of age, hoping that God will have Mercy on my
poor Soul.”

Thus, once again, Pennsylvania justice was
done.

The author's permission to reprint is granted solely to members
of the Penal Press.
