---
id: "49"
title: "Parole Questions"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PAROLE QUESTIONS

QUESTION:

If an inmate exhausts all his contacts and can-
not get a job to complete his parole plan, will he still
be paroled if he has sufficient funds to support him-
self until he can find a job? Will a sponsor and home
still be required for this type of release?

ANSWER:

Yes, but a period of between three and six
months must first elapse after release date has been
established (or minimum expiration) by the Parole
Board, and the inmate must exhaust all of his pos-
sible contacts. Then he should notify me and at the
time of notification he must present to me a list of
all persons contacted regarding employment. This
information is then presented to the Institution Staff.
Should they approve his release, a report is then sub-
mitted to the Parole Board and they must approve
the report before release can be had. Inmate must
have advisor and home.

QUESTION:

How long does it take to investigate an out-of-
state parole plan?

ANSWER:

This depends largely upon the state doing the
investigation. We allow between three and four
months for the southern states and perhaps two or
three for the northern states. However, these are
only approximate.

QUESTION:

What is the procedure in Parole Plan investi-
gations?

ANSWER:

When the inmate has turned into the Parole
Office letters on his complete plan or we receive them
direct from the parties concerned, we then send out
an investigation request along with letters to the
District Office covering the territory of the plan.
The agent assigned to this district does the investi-
gating, types out his report, signs it, as does the
Asst. District Supervisor, and the report is then
mailed to the Parole Board in Harrisburg, Pa. The
Board, following the next executive session, notifies
us of its acceptance or rejection.

Fred M. Petri,
Senior Parole Officer

If the readers of this magazine will submit any
questions they may have regarding parole pro-
cedures, the Editor will, in turn submit the questions
to Mr. Petri, Senior Parole Officer, who will answer
them to the best of his ability. Write your queries
down and give them to Mr. Graham at the school.
