---
id: "490"
title: "Poetry"
author: "BENNETT, Richard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0023.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
POETRY
by Richard Bennett

GODS WORK OF ART
The moon is shinging bright tonight
Its beauty lhghts the sky,
And every now and then I see
A shooting star fly by.
This is a wondrous work of art
That God alone controls,
Just as it is the hand of God
That comforts empty souls.
There may be times of loneliness
And I may suffer pain,
But since it is the will of God
It will not be in vain.
Alone in Him I put my trust,
He said "Be not afraid;"
And in my heart he has designed
His will to be my aid.

YOUR FRIENDSHIP

The friendship that you've given me
Is like the glowing sun,
I've always found you with me
No matter what I've done.
It helps to lighten every step
Beneath my heavy load,
You've always been beside me
Down life's dark and bumpy road.
It makes me smilé when I am tired,
It helps to keep me pert,
And to keep the faithful friendship
I don't have to be too alert.
To thank you for the things you've done
I wont begin to try,
Instead I simply offer,
Friendship until I die."

AUTUMN'S HERE
The Autumn days are here again
With colors red and gold,
The days are growing short,
The nights are turning cold.
Beauteous shades of autumn
Are about us everywhere,
As Mother Nature paints each leaf
With colors bright and rare.
The moon looms big and yellow
Across the country-side,
And beaches are deserted
Where people rode the tide.
Farmers reap their harvest
For the frost will soon be nigh,
And birds are winging Southward
Across the Autumn sky.
Autumn’s beauty touches deep
Within the heart of me,
And I find no words to describe
The beauty that I see."

THOUGHTS
Today I received a greeting card;
That said I thought of you,
And for this kindest wish
I send my thanks to you.
But thoughts are more than greeting cards
Whose message hopes convey,
I stopped to ponder on the word,
And now I'd lke to say:
Some thoughts can be eternity,
And some a fleeting glance,
They can often tear a man apart,
Or give a second chance.
Neither time nor space can limit them,
I’m sure you've found this true,
For thoughts are always with you,
Regardless what you do.
A thought can be a pleasant thing,
Or create evil in a man,
And there are those that say you cart,
While all the time you can.
Some can be a fortress,
And some can set you free,
And there are those that disillusion,
Yet, improve the things you see.
But thought is a wondrous part of life
That man alone can control,
They help to bring some comfort
To the lost and tortured soul.
So when you get a thought
And wonder what to do,
Remember the maker of the thought
Is no one else but you."

EYES
Eyes can see so many things,
In so many different ways.
There are some seeing only dirt and grime,
While others see bouquets.
Some eyes measure what they. see,
by its weight and worth in gold.
Yet others find true beauty,
In whatever they behold.
The optimistic eye looks up
At the beauty of the sky,
The pessumstic eye looks down,
While beauty passes by.
I often wonder of this life
In all its mystery,
If life can be nothing more
Than how we look at what we see."
