---
id: "491"
title: "The Cuban League"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0024.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Cuban League

The four top teams, Dodgers, Falcons, Yanks
and Rams, seesawed back and forth during the first
three months of the season. Then the Dodgers
erabbed first place and have since held on tenacious-
ly. As of this writing they are 25 and 6, holding a
six game lead over the Falcons. The race now is
for the second place spot with the three remaining
above named teams having an equal chance.

It is doubtful whether or not the Birds’ one
game lead over the Yanks and three over the Rams
will stand up until the end of the season. Hach team
has nine games remaining to be played.

In the early part of the season, the Pirates put
together a five game winning streak, then they hit
a snag and have been struggling ever since. There’s
no danger of their falling into the cellar though,
because the Giants are firmly entrenched in this un-
desirable spot with a record of 26 losses and 5 wins.
The Pirates have lost 20 and have 9 in the win
column.

SURPRISE STARTER HALTS YANKS

June 28—Up until this day it was generally be-
lieved that the Pirates had only two starting piteh-
ers, a fellow known as “Nails” not being one of
them. The Yanks, being the home team, took the
field. Dave “Iron Man” Wilder fired four or five
warm-up pitches to Bernie O’Neill, his receiver.
After each pitch he followed through with a rock-
ing motion, then, with a baleful stare, he would
glance at the Pirates’ dugout.

Little Irish, leading off for the Pirates, was
defiantly swinging his bat in the on deck circle as
thoogh to say, “The bigger they come, the harder
they fall."

At the umpire's call of "Play Ball," Irish
stepped to the plate. Wilder fired three fast strikes
past him but, alas, the third strike was dropped and
Irish secampered to first, beating the throw by a
whisker.

But Wilder wasn’t to be denied. He struck out
Jake and Norman, then made Levi ground to short
for the final out.

The Yanks came to bat expecting to have anoth-
er field day against Irish but, to their surprise,
“Nails” was going for the Pirates. Not knowing
whether he could pitch or not, all of the Yanks
lined up outside their dugout to see what he had
on the ball. Greenie, the leadoff man, popped to
the second baseman. Chuck, next up, blasted a
homer to left. Remarks were heard from the side-
line: “He ain't got nothing, mark up another win
for the hard-hitting Yanks.” But it wasn’t to prove
that easy. Whelan, following Chuck, reached first
on an error. Barney then flied to the centerfielder
and O’ Neill popped to short to retire the side.

The next inning the Pirates scored a run on
two walks and a sacrifice fly. In their half, the
Yanks came up with three singles and a homer by
Curley, scoring four runs to take a 5—1 lead. Then,
in the top of the fifth, the Pirates collected two
singles and three doubles for four runs to tie the
game at o9—o. ‘Nhe Pirates broke the tie with tour
more in the top of the seventh. Final score: Pirates
9. Yanks 5.

WHEELER GUIDES DODGERS TO ANOTHER
WIN—BUMS DOWN GIANTS 5—2
FRED “RUNT’ JORDAN GETS 26th WIN

July 28—The Giants started out as though they
were going to beat the Dodgers, 1958 Champs, for
the first time this season. Big John Gilmore, first
mngin wo, Sunellecl io thei ielcl . Whomag “lHleadcks”
Brawner laid down a bunt and beat it out. Massa-
nova followed with a triple to score the two front
men. But, their joy was shortlived, as “Runt” Jor-
dan allowed but three hits in the next six innings.
Meanwhile, his teammates collected eight hits good
for five runs and a 5—2 win. Big Joe Simmons was
the losing hurler.

FALCONS NIP RAMS IN 2—1 THRILLER

May 19—Have you ever stood on the sidelines
biting your fingernails, pulling on your cap and
fidgeting from side to side? Well, we did!

The Falcons took to the field determined to
batter the Rams enroute to their fifth straight win.

The first surprise of the evening came as Mor-
ton walked to the mound as the Falcons took the
field. No one in the expectant crowd had been aware
of the selection of Morton as a mound opponent for
Kalvitis of the Rams.

Irom the very beginning of the game, a glance
at Locke, Rams’ manager, and G.J. Joe, Falcons’
manager, would tell you that this was a big game.
As you looked from one to the other you could see
the tenseness, the look of expertancy on the faces
of these two managers, as they seemed to die a little
with every pitch.

A spectacular, superbly played game, it had an
equally exciting climax. After Morton and Kalvitis
had dueled through six scoreless innings, Morton
allowed a single by Shep who stole second, went to
third on a wild pitch, and scored the initial run of
the game when the throw to the plate evaded the
catcher’s glove. In the home half of the seventh
inning, Lucky, the Falcon speed merchant, led off
and hit a fly ball to the conerete walkway in center-
field. Bull lost the ball while Lucky streaked to
third, and when the ball got through Shep on the
throw-in, Lucky pranced home with the tying run.
Tailgate then lashed a sharp single to left. With
Billy Hallowell at bat, Tailgate stole second and
when the ball was thrown into right-centerfield, he
poured on the speed and crossed the plate with the
winning counter. What a game! What a finish!”

The victors in this, the game of the year: The
Falcons by a 2—1 score.

Morton was the winning hurler, with Kalvitis
the loser.

CUBAN LEAGUE TEAM STANDINGS
As of August 14, 1959
| Team    | W  | L  | Pct. | GB     | GR |
| DODGERS | 26 | 6  | .812 | —      | 8  |
| FALCONS | 19 | 12 | .613 | 6 1/2  | 9  |
| YANKS   | 19 | 13 | .594 | 7      | 8  |
| RAMS    | 16 | 16 | .500 | 10     | 8  |
| PIRATES | 9  | 20 | .310 | 15 1/2 | 11 |
| GIANTS  | 5  | 27 | .156 | 21     | 8  |

NOTE: Final Team Standings will appear in the
Winter Issue.

TOP TEN HITTERS
| Player   | G  | AB | H  | R  | RBI | 2B | 3B | HR | A    |
| Curley   | 30 | 80 | 33 | 24 | 22  | 15 | 5  | 5  | .412 |
| Lucky    | 30 | 87 | 32 | 30 | 22  | 3  | 2  | 2  | .368 |
| Pigmeat  | 29 | 80 | 29 | 25 | 18  | 8  | 3  | 5  | .362 |
| Chuck    | 26 | 62 | 22 | 35 | 11  | 1  | 1  | 2  | .356 |
| Levi     | 21 | 62 | 22 | 18 | 12  | 7  | 0  | 1  | .355 |
| Heads    | 23 | 56 | 19 | 14 | 10  | 5  | 1  | 0  | .339 |
| Winfield | 32 | 82 | 27 | 19 | 16  | 7  | 3  | 0  | .329 |
| Obie     | 24 | 57 | 18 | 10 | 6   | 1  | 0  | 0  | .316 |
| Barney   | 29 | 83 | 26 | 16 | 14  | 8  | 0  | 0  | .313 |
| Billy    | 24 | 60 | 18 | 23 | 7   | 4  | 0  | 0  | .300 |

VISITING BAMBI A.C. BLANKS STARS

On Saturday afternoon, May 16, our Cuban
League All-Star team hosted the Bambi A. C. from
4th and Shunk Sts., here in Phila. In a beautifully
played ball game, Rogers dueled with Jordan as the
opposing pitchers. Kalvitis replaced Jordan in the
fourth and suffered the loss. Big Dave Wilder fin-
ished up for the localites. For the visitors, Rogers
fanned seventeen Stars enroute to a no-hit, no-run,
1—0 whitewash.

For the record, pitcher Rogers was an All-State
pitcher for the State of Virginia in 1952. Rogers is
a Marine on active duty, being stationed in Phila-
delphia. Naturally, he hurls victoriously for the
Marine team. Our hats off to a wonderful pitcher
who pitched a whale of a ball game.

CAMDEN STARS DOWN CUBAN LEAGUE

On June 27, 1959, our Cuban League All-Stars
met Loper and his Camden All-Stars through the
auspices of Mr. Berry, of the South Phila. Colts, who
visited us last year with his basketball ensemble.
It was a wild, screaming affair with “Jabbo” Wyatt
opposing “Runt” Jordan on the mound. Loper, the
manager, working from behind the plate, handled
his pitcher well. They gave us a very enjoyable
game, with the smilin’ Jabbo coming through to de-
feat Jordan and the Loealites by a 42 score.

DOWNTOWN A.C. STUNS STARS, 9—1

A gala evening was planned by Mr. Thomas H.
Graham, Director of Athleties and Educational Di-
rector here at E.S.P. It was highlighted by the first
twilight ball game here in Cherry Hill, against out-
side competition, when the Downtown A. C. met our
Cuban League Stars. Accompanying Jim Gilmore
and his team was Mr. Joe Rosstein, Softball Com-
missioner. Game time found Harp opposing Tennes-
see on the mound with the Downtown elub busting
loose on Tennessee for five runs in the first inning
before Big Dave Wilder came to the reseue. Johnny
Hughes, in relief of Harp, gave a brilliant perform-
ance on the mound, his motion being the most de-
ceptive ever witnessed here. The Downtown A. C.
coasted to an easy 9—1 victory.
