---
id: "492"
title: "Storehouse League"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0025.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Storehouse League

The First Half was filled with excitement galore
as a three-team race went right to the wire before
DuPree’s Lynx emerged victorious.

The Phillies amazed everyone with their ability
to fight back. They were instrumental in deciding
the winner of the first half by breaking up the
tightest race ever to be witnessed in this league.
What will happen in the second half remains to be
seen, but your reporter deems the Phillies’ feat to
be worth mention, since they were the doormat for
the rest of the league. This proves that all Cham-
pions don’t win championships. Our hats are doffed
to Little Mac who had this prediction to make at
the start of the season: “Many of the teams in the
league will be singing the blues, and they are!”

Deae Brown became manager of the Phillies
and pulled the trade of the year in acquiring Mike-
tish, Rusty and several additional players with
whom he fashioned a well-balanced team. When
Deac resigned, Miketish took over the reins as mana-
oer.

The Cardinals and Rockets ended the First Half
in a deadlock for second place honors. In a three-
game playoff, the Cardinals won out after a head-on
battle with the fired up Rockets.

At this writing the Storehouse League weleomes
their new commissioner in the person of David Crox-
ton. We are proud to have him with us, because
baseball is his business. The Owners and Managers
of the other teams in the league congratulate the
winners of the First Half, and promise to fight hard-
er to knock the Lynx from their throne.

Credit tor the Lynx victory must ¢o to the
amazing “Rooster” who can and generally does play
every position on the field. Also, to Bob “The Arm”
Bolding, the amazing pitcher, who sparks the Lynx
to play inspired ball. Bolding sports a 21 and 8 rece-
ord as we go to press. Make no mistake,—the Lynx
are the team to beat.

It is unbelievable that Sidney, the most likable
fellow in the league, can come into such hard luck.
Year after year the Rockets start off high on the
ladder and then slowly drift backwards. As Leo
Durocher once said, “Nice guys always finish last.”
The Rockets must win the big games to win the race.

The Phillies and Lynx opened the Second Half
with the Phillies winning a beautifully pitched game
by a 4 to 3 score. Miketish, on the mound for the
Phillies, struck out ten batters and in the last inn-
ing, with the tying run on base, he fanned the side.
The second game went to the Lynx by a 2 to 1 score
in the best played game of the season.

Our report ends with a statement from Hayman,
the fiery manager of the Cardinals, who feels that
tins is the year tor his team: Manager Hayman
states that his team is playing great ball (they are),
and that they will give the rest of the league a run
for their money in the remaining games.

OFFICIAL STANDINGS

FIRST HALF
Team        W   L   Pct.  GB
LYNX       18   10  .643   -
PHILLIES   17   13  .567   2
CARDINALS  15   15  .500   4
ROCKETS    11   19  .367   8

SECOND HALF
Team       W   L  Pct.  GB
LATIN      6   9  .750   -
PHILLIES   4   3  .571  1 1/2
CARDINALS  3   5  .375  3
ROCKETS    2   5  .286  3 1/2

League Officials: David Croxton, Commissioner,
Haywood, Higgins, and Johnson, Umpires, Official
Seorer, Jake Merrill.

STOREHOUSE STARS TOP CEDARWOOD A.C.

On Sunday afternoon, July 12, Haywood and
his Storehouse League All-Stars played host to the
Cedarwood A.C. in a well-managed and well-played
game that went into extra innings. The localites,
with heads-up base running by Ray of the Phillies,
won out by a 2 to 1 score in the 11th inning.
