---
id: "493"
title: "Basketball League"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0026.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Basketball League

The Basketball League officially opened on Aug.
4, League competitive play didn’t actually begin
until Aug. 6. The opening day game between the
Dons and Reliable A. C. was decided by a forfeit in
favor of the Dons, because John “Obie” O’Brien,
manager of Reliable, wasn’t able to field a complete
team at game time.

The game played on the 6th, between the Hawks
and the Warriors, was one marked by hustle and
fine shooting on the part of both teams. Due to the
marksmanship of Tailgate, great rebounding by
Shakey and Cochise, and steady ball handling by
Fleming, Ray, Whalen, Mick, and Snooks, smart
playmiking by Brown and the fast breaks of Roose-
velt, the Warriors managed to eke out a two point
win, 58—56. Fricker, Morrison and Bogardus were
high scorers for the Hawks. Curley and Freddy let
the Warriors know they were to be reckoned with,
being superb in snaring rebounds and setting up
plays. Norman was an asset to the team with his
all-around play.

RELIABLE DOWNS CELTICS, 50—34

In a spirited, well-played affair, the Ccltics
bowed to a taller and stronger shooting Reliable
A.C. by 16 point margin. The Reliable attack was
led by Teeny Berry, very ably supported by O’Brien,
Brawner, James, Cornbread, and Billy who found
the basket quite regularly from outside. Rookies
Lyles and Tucker, new additions to the league, add-
ed their efforts to make Reliable the winner, 50 to
34. The Celtics are to be commended for their fine
play with Stonewall hustling and playing the boards
quite well. Blackie, Pinky and Rob rounded out a
balanced combination. In the second half the Reli-
able offense outmanevered the game Celtics. The
shooting spothght was captured by Shep who was
hitting from everywhere, though in a losing cause.

LEAGUE STANDINGS
(As of 9-4-59)
TEAM       W  L  Pct.  G.B.
DONS       7  1  .875  __
RELIABLE   5  3  .255   2
HAWKS      4  4  .500   3
WARRIORS   3  5  .375   4
CELTICS    1  7  .125   6

VARSITY BASKETBALL

With the completion of Philadel-
phia Summer League playoffs, games
are to be sccheduled between our
ES.P. Varsity squad and *‘Outside’*
teams in the near future.
