---
id: "494"
title: "Field Events"
author: "BROWN, Joseph"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0027.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Field Events

Independence Day comes but once a year and,
on this day in 1959, as the familiar “Yard-Out” call
echoed through Ye Olde ESP, local citizens began
to move toward the Recreation Field where a full
day of field events was to have its beginning. As
we glanced from one to another, we could see dis-
plays of emotion,—tenseness, anticipation and hope.
The crowd began to assemble on the field and your
reporters knew that this would be a memorable day,
a day when everyone or anybody could be a winner.

The program began with the Concert Band, un-
der the capable direction of tenor-saxist Jimmie
Jackson, filling the warm morning air with the
spirited strains of John Philip Sousa’s “Stars and
Stripes Forever,” instilling in the crowd the spirit
of the day.

Mr. Graham, Director of Education and Athle-
tics, stepped to the microphone to announce that fol-
lowing the National Anthem the events would get
underway.

We must pay tribute to James “Jimmie” Jack-
son for arranging such a splendid music program on
such short notice and to the following men who came
willingly at Jimmie’s call:

Reeds: Dupree, Higgins, Chesterfield, John Ag-
new, Geo. Foeman, Jesse Pierce, Al iLyalitne, Roscoe,
Hinkle and McKenzie.

Brass: Sessions, Jackie Floyd, Juice Cohen, Tri-
enani, Tom White, Locke, Ed Stradling, Henry Up-
shur, Clint Geary and Bill Schoonmaker.

Rhythm: Glenn, Leon Hiers and McGee.

Unfortunately, your Sports Editor and Assist-
and did not have the usual press-box facilities and
comforts to report to you from, but we endeavor to
give you, our readers, a full report of the day's
events.

First event on the program was the “Sack Race”
with 17 men participating. The winners: Billy
Holmes, Sampson, Nick, Teasey, Irish and Eddie
Brooks, in that order.

Fourteen men entered and participated in the
“Three-Legged Race.” In this race the legs of two
contestants are tied together with a belt. The win-
ners in this spirited affair were: Sampson and Ray,
Billy Holmes and Teasey, Dave Croxton and Jenkins,
and Shep and Payne.

The fantasy of the day was the “Fat-Man Race.”
The minimum weight was set at 250 Ibs. for con-
testans in this race, and when the scales were
brought onto the field the field of entrants was cut
to one. The weight was lowered to 240 pounds and
two more contestants were added, Wild Bill and
Big Louie. After a thundering start, Wild Bill
crossed the finish line first, with Geo. Reid running
a close second and Big Louie finishing in third
position.

In the “Wheel-Barrow Race” the legs of one
contestant represent the handles of a wheel-barrow.
The teammates change positions at the half-way
point. 14 men (seven teams) entered this race and
the winners were: Shep and Payne, Eddie Brooks
and Irish, Dave Croxton and Jenkins, and Billy
Holmes and Teasey.

The “Piggy-Back Race” was filled with thrills
and spills as 20 men entered to compete for the
prizes. Crossing the finish line in the following order
were: Ray and Sampson, Shakey and Fricker, Shep
and Payne, Irish and Eddie Brooks, and Billy Homes
and Massey.

The “Shot-put” contest provided many interest-
ing moments and drew oohs & aahs from the crowd.
15 men entered with Dave Croxton finishing in first
place with a throw of 38’ 4”. Second was George
Reid who had a toss of 36’ 2 1/2”. Big Lou was third
at 36’ 4” and Staley finished fourth with a heave
of 35' 10".

The sprints began with the 100 yd. Dash. This
race was arranged in five heats and the winners of
the individual heats were to compete in the final.
Winning places for the final were Jenkins, Ray,
Shakey, Payne and Nick. John Gilmore lined the
starters up and got them off to a flying start. First
to cross the finish line was the “sleeper” of the race,
“Little Ray” ; followed by Payne, oe Jenkins
and Nick, in that order.

After the noon intermission, the events resumed
with the “High Jump” being first on the agenda. Ten
men participated with the jumping beginning at 4’ 6”
and ending at 5’ 38”. Winning honors were: Payne,
Heavy and Hooks who tied for 2nd, and Bogardus
who finished fourth.

The “Broad Jump” had many newcomers as’
contestants, and with 15 men competing, not a single
spectator left the area until the winners had been
announced. Taking first place was Nick who pumped
18’ 63”, followed by Payne at 18’ 44”. Turk took
the third position with a leap of 18’ 1” and Richie, on
his third jump, copped fourth place honors with a
jump of 17' 8".

HORSESHOE TOURNAMENT

After the last shoe had been thrown, the results
showed that Winkler was the winner, with Miketish
in second place and Al Shepard in third.

HANDBALL TOURNAMENT

Handball is one of the most popular games
played here at ESP, and the competition is really
keen. Twenty (20) men entered the contest vieing
for honors as the Institution Champion and Runner-
up, Institution Doubles Champions and Runners-up,
and Block Champions and Runners-up. Al Jenkins,
the 1958 Champ, was dethroned in the 1959 Finals.

Bob Lightkep is the new Institution Champion.
Al Jenkins took Runner-up honors. Lightkep teamed
with Blackie Battel to cop the Doubles Champion-
ship as Billy Holmes and Cornbread took the Run-
ner-up spot.

            Block Champions  Runners-up
3 Block     Peyton           Joe
4 section   Cornbread        B. Kelly
5 Section   Jenkins          R. Payne
6 Section   Reds             B. Sharpe
7 Section   Antonewicz       Hallowell
8 Block     Battel           Boots
9 Block     Kemp             Cuff
10 Block    J. Alexander     Juice
12 Section  Winkler          Lightkep

Credit goes to Billy Holmes and Al Jenkins for
arranging this tournament.

WEIGHTLIFTING

Heavyweight Division

Under the supervision of Johnny Bowers and
Willie Stone, the heavyweight division contestants
completed their event just before the time limit. Of
seven participants, four qualified for the finals. The
winners: Ist: Wild Bill with a total lift of 710 lbs.
2nd: Billy Holmes at 510 Ibs. 3rd: Joseph Staley with
a total of 394. 4th: George Reid with a total of 374
pounds.

Middleweight Division

This event was completed on the 5th of July
with the following winners: lst: David Andrews
with a total lift of 575 lbs. 2nd: Edward MeCuff at
072 1/2 lbs. 8rd: William Archey at 550 lbs. 4th: Andres
S. Colon at 450 Ibs.

Lightweight Division

The winners were: lst: Charles Gindle with a
total lift of 430 Ibs. 2nd: John W. Joyner at 380 lbs.
ord: Edwin Walker at 325 lbs.

For this day of events, well planned and well
directed, we give thanks to Mr. Thomas H. Graham,
who directed the proceedings and to John Gilmore,
Brooklyn Joe, George O’Brien, and Joe MeNeair,
who assisted as judges. A hand also goes to James
Fisher, Lou, Billy Holmes, Little Mac, Pitts, June-
bug, Locke and Teasey, who prepared the grounds
for these events. This just about rounds out your
reporters’ report on the 1959 Field Day Events.
Cheerio and we’ll see you around.
