---
id: "495"
title: "The Guests in Our House"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Guests In Our House

Recently this country was honored to have some
guests from abroad pay us a visit. They, as repre-
sentatives of the Russian people, and as athletes, had
the doors of this city of “Brotherly Love” thrown
open to them.

Our culture, our art, and our way of life were
displayed to them. The American public took them
into their homes. What we are and how we exist
became manifest before their admiring eyes.

Here were Mr. and Mrs. Philadelphia making a
breach in the Iron Curtain. Our good taste and
courtesy were at all times evident. These young-
sters from Russia visibly bubbled at the sight of the
luxury enjoyed by the working class here in the
United States of America. Surely some of this Amer-
icana will rub off; surely a bit of what they have
seen here will not be forgotten, and just as surely,
some of the Red propaganda of the exploitation of
the American masses will not be bought whole cloth.
A doubt shown here may some day be the tree from
which freedom will spring.

As hosts, Mr. and Mrs. Philly must receive com-
mendation from all corners of the free world.

It is true, sadly so, that Philly had to have a
good measure of its hospitality marred by the vul-
varity and bad taste of one of its citizens. While
the majority of Philadelphians were acting in the
manner of a good host, one of us, a representative
of the free press, undid to a great extent all the
good we tried so hard to do.

This reporter, as his article indicated, felt he
was slighted by the Russian athletes. In retaliation
or vexation, childishly so, he wrote an article with
such libelous descriptive phrasing that any citizen
of the United States would have him in court for
libel and slander.

He referred to one of the women on the Russian
team in the following terms:

“Nina Ponomareva wouldn’t talk. But neither
would Ethel Kravitz.” (Recently convicted of mur-
der. )

“Nina looks like one of Fergy’s boys, only
lumpier.”

“She’d look at me from the corner of her eye.
But Pve been around Ida Iocco, too.” (Notorious
Philadelphia underworld figure.)

In this vein, the Russian woman was literally
blasted with abusive characterizations. How yellow
can journalism get?

Nina Ponomareva was unfortunate enough to
be found guilty of stealing a two dollar hat quite
some time ago in another country. It appears this
lapse of conduct, regardless of the attendant cir-
cumstances, has made her eligible for the scurrilous
attacks of those unthinking members of the press
under which any person who has ever violated the
law is supposedly a pariah for the rest of his or her
life.

Let us hope that the courtesy and good-will that
was shown to these guests by the majority of the
people of Philadelphia was not entirely negated by
the actions and remarks of one.
