---
id: "497"
title: "Snoopy"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Amiable Al Rade, the wit of the Print Shop,
cornered our pup recently and had his tail wagging
in all directions with his dry humor. However, one
bit of his clowning took on a serious note when he
stated: “Next year I’m going all out for the Brierley
Chess trophy. I’m even having a little shelf built
for it now.”

There were those present who deemed this no
idle boast.

* *

Your pup and all watching got a bellyful of
laughs watching Theodore Dennis valiantly try to
lift 185 pounds in the weight lifting contest. After
no training and one (1) try, he quit in disgust. His
pre-contest statement was, “I can’t understand it;
I could lift more than that YEARS ago.”

* *

The newest chess philosopher is Raymond
(Chesterfield) Walton, who after stacking his pri-
vate library with literature on chess, cannot under-
stand why he still loses. After playing a wild and
woolly game with our chess satellite (Chippy), he
was heard to mutter, “I’ve got it. I know the rea-
son now! These guys won’t play according to the
book.”

* *

The pup really got a charge out of watching
“Ole” Percy MeCoy and John Stranahan tied up in
a game of horseshoes laced with the down-home dia-
logue of “Ole” Percy.

Surprisingly though, for his advanced years
and decades of prison life, Perey was more than a
match for John with his accuracy on ringing the peg.

Snoopy wondered aloud how two such crack
shots were unable to grab the institution title. How-
ever, after viewing Winkler, the champ, in action,
Snoopy had to admit Perey and John need a little
more practice, if not experience.

* *

“Spare me from the guy who is forever using
the word “BUT” as a springboard to tear some poor
guy—who just happens not to be present— to
pieces,” admonished our classy friend from south of
the border, Cisco Cisneros.

Explaining to Snoopy, Cisco continued, “This
type of flannel-mouth will generally start ripping a
man’s reputation apart with a line something like
this: ‘Now don’t get me wrong, Jack’s a good guy,
BUT .... After this but, Jack begins to sound like
something you’d find under a rock. He’d sell out
his best friend, rat on his brother, rob his mother,
defraud his father, and steal your sweetheart. Then
after defining Jack as the worst kind of parasite
imaginable, our friend (?) generally winds up his
portrait (for protective reasons) with something
like this: ‘Like I said, don’t get me wrong, I like
Jack and I’d do anything for him. He’s a real sweet
guy, BUT . . . .' "

Snoopy sadly had to agree, Cisco was far too
right and we are all victims of the BUT BOYS.

* *

Joe Battel and Bob Lightcap emerged, despite
the experts’ predictions, champions in this season’s
handball classies.

Under a broiling sun with temperatures rang-
ing in the upper nineties, Bob won over speed mer-
chant Jenkins in a three game duel which left the
spectators, as well as Snoopy, not only exhausted,
but utterly wilted.

* *

Visiting the Big League ball diamond one even-
ing when a big event had just taken place (Phil
Locke’s amazing Rams had just dropped a 2 to 1
squealer), Snoopy looked in a corner. What did he
see? He found Mr. Locke practicing tear-jerking
with real honest-to-goodness tears.

* *

Snoopy spotlights a worthy individual of E.S.P.
in the person of Robert “Little Mac” McNair. An
interesting aspect is to be found in his optimistic
outlook in his present environment. Having been
incarcerated since a youth of sixteen, we can laud
this person for his remarkable adjustment through
the years of his confinement. Having reached a ze-
nith of fifteen years in prison, he is looking ever for-
ward to his release and a realization of his hopes and
dreams. He has achieved an extended education
while imprisoned and has never doubted the im-
portance of it, and its significance. It has also served
to give him a mental awareness of the true value
of life in relation to social adjustments. This latter
named is of great value, and Mac gives his philosoph-
ical viewpoint on this and time in general:

“The social aspects of a man in prison are of
great value because he must adopt a new way of
thinking in order to meet society’s social standards.
If he cannot replace bad habits with good ones, and
destructive thoughts with constructive ones, then
he is only headed for a downfall and eventual re-
turn to prison. Repetition is good in the prison sense
of sociology in that it enables the man to indoctrin-
ate himself with a decent set of idyllic thoughts
which will be so ingrained in him that they will be
almost commonplace upon his return to society.”

Little Mace has been inearcerated over fifteen
years and has achieved a wonderful emotional out-
look. Snoopy salutes you, Mac.. Keep up the good
work. We will be awaiting with you the word of
your reward for trying to earn a decent place in
the free world.

* *

Snoopy became indignant a couple of evenings
ago. John Alexander got carried away and ap-
proached him to try to make a “Bookie” out of him.

Johnnie wanted a hundred dollars covered that he
would commit mayhem on the umpire if he threw
him out of the game—out he went.

* *

Snoopy eased down on Coates’ dining-room the
other day and found a rare substance to slake his
appetite. Mr. Coates’ wasn’t there at the time, so
Snoopy dug in and took the works. The oddity of
the lft was that the treat was never missed.

* *

Lem Harris and Art Couts grabbed Snoopy in
the Typewriter Repair Shop not too long ago, and
demanded an investigation. Snoopy wanted the
facts. Mr. Harris was quick to speak up: There
must be a slasher around, because every typewriter
we get is bleeding. Snoopy winked, and promised to
send some first-aid bandages around.

* *

It was the last half of the tenth inning, and the
score was tied 2—2. A hush fell over the spectators,
Snoopy included, as mighty Joe Rut ambled up to
the plate to face the Cedarbrooks pitcher who had
had been throwing fire-balls past our boys all after-
noon.

The suspense built up to even a greater pitch
when Manager Haywood McCaison was overheard
giving his instructions to our erstwhile pinch-hitter.

“Joe, get up to that plate and dig in. We got
the fastest man in the institution on first base. Frank
Ray can move all the way around them base paths
if you can deliver for us. Now forget all about this
pitcher’s speed. I want you to swing at anything
he throws, no matter where it is, got me? O.K.,
here’s where you come in, so listen carefully. Don’t,
I say don’t whatever you do, hit that ball! Miss it
by a foot or a yard; I don't care. Just get that bat
out in front of their catcher so Ray can have time
to steal those bases.”

Snoopy chewed his tail down to a stub watch-
ing the strategy develop.

On the pitcher’s first offering, Joe cut out in a
wide are, burning up space like a satellite re-enter-
ing the atmosphere. The opposing pitcher blinked
his eyes, and Ray was standing on second. The next
pitch came whizzing in, and Joe slashed out again,
missing the orb by inches, accompanied by Hay-
wood’s groan. Ray—in a cloud of dust—came slid-
ing into third, beating the catcher’s throw by a
breath.

Haywood’s strategy proved its worth on the
next pitch. The outside pitcher wound up and threw
the ball far over the head of “Our Hero” Joe Rut
for a wild pitch, permitting Frank Ray to waltz
home with the winning run.

Snoopy took a nip at Manager Haywood for
his after the game remark: “Wouldn’t it have been
horrible if Joe Rut had hit that ball?”

* *

Snoopy lamented with Editor Mike Smith over
his poor timing and ill luck.

Beeause of an old case of hepatitis, Mike could
not, however much he desired, donate his blood.
But on the Bloodmobile’s last stop-over Mike was
accepted. Willingly he left the red stuff gurele out
of him, dreaming all the while of the good strong
coffee and sugar donuts he’d soon be munching on.

It should be noted here that Mike has been a
donut addict all his life. Alas, our Editor waited
till after lunch and was informed while rolling down
his valiant sleeve, that the donuts had run out in
the A.M.

It is definitely not true that Mike tried to get
his pint back.
