---
id: "498"
title: "The Sinister Triangle"
author: "DAUNT, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE SINISTER TRIANGLE
by JAMES DAUNT

Just before I left him aboard the S.S. George
Washington, I said to George, “You'll have no trou-
ble with the safe. And none getting into the house
either, for Tanya says the doors on the second floor
terrace will be open. She said they’ll also be a party
going on that night, so you won’t have to worry
about the noise you make opening the safe. And
when it’s open George, don’t waste a moment look-
ing for other valuables besides the jewel case. Re-
member that because every second will count. Just
grab the jewel case, and lam. There is enough in it
for all of us. TPll meet you here on the ship a few
hours before it sails to pick up my share.”

I was to meet Tanya at the apartment of a White
Russian refugee and as I hurried there, I thought of
her beauty. She had put me wise to the British im-
porter who kept a fortune in uneut diamonds at his
private estate in Shanghai. They were worth 300 G’s
—100 G’s for each of us. A Chinese merchant I knew
would give me full value on them. But, unluckily
for me, at that time—November, 1941—I knew
nothing about opening a safe and had been foreed
to invite George McGinnis, an expert yegg, in on
the caper.

Tanya opened the door for me and her loveliness
almost made me forget the business at hand. I got
a firm grip on myself as she poured me a drink and,
after I downed it, I immediately launched into the
details of the deal ’d come to see her about, telling
her, among other things, that I’d bring the tools and
the hired car for George in the morning. When I
finished I asked her if she was satisfied with the plan.

Tanya, who’d been poking at the logs in the
fireplace while I was talking, gave me a bewitching
smile as she shook her head to smooth out her long,
brunette hair.

“Jackie,” she said, “if you know how to open
safe—more money for you, for me. Feefty tousand
more.

“That’s right, honey,” I agreed. “But we’ve got
to make this fast—it’s got to go tomorrow night.
Any minute the Japs may cross the river and take
over Shanghai. You know that. Look at it this way;
we take no risk, and get a hundred G’s apiece.”

She looked at me from beneath her lone black
lashes, her dark eyes brilliant in the light of the
dancing flames.

"You can trust this—what you call him? Yegg?"
she asked.

“Certainly," I replied. “After all, he can’t hold
out on us. Where could he hide? Besides, he’s satis-
fied with his share of the loot. What I worry about
is whether the diamonds will be in the safe when
reorge cracks it open.”

“That no worry,’ she said. “Only yesterday
the Britisher gave me some family heirlooms, in the
safe to place, and everything there exactly is, as
before.”

The next day I brought the tools and the hired
car to her place. There, once again, we went over all
of the details of the job until we knew our parts
perfectly. The thought of the fortune that would be
ours in less than 24 hours made us feel like a couple
of earefree kids as we talked about what we would
do with it.

Looking at Tanya, I couldn’t help thinking what
a good combination we would make, especially if we
pooled our loot from this job. I could easily run it
up to a million on the Oriental black market. She
had often called me a smart Amerikansi, and it
inflated my already large ego to think she was
secretly in love with me. But, for my part, I was
more in love with the loot that would soon be mine
than I was with her.

It was late when I left her and got a room in a
small hotel. I awoke early and, after a quick cup
of coffee, I hurried to the ship to meet George. He
arrived about eight, carrying the canvas sack and
when he saw me, he gave a start of surprise as
though he didn’t expect to see me. Then he gave
me a dirty look.

“What's the matter, George,” I asked as I fol-
lowed him into his cabin. “Anything wrong?”

Instead of answering, he stared hard at me with
a puzzled look in his eyes. He shook his head and
pulled out a stack of English pounds from the sack
and laid them on the bed. He then got a bottle of
scotch and poured himself a large drink.

“What's wrong with you2” I asked.
“You know what’s wrong!” he shouted. “You
and that Russian bitch got the jewels. All I got is
10 G’s in Limey money.”

“You mean you haven’t got the jewels?” I de-
manded.

For a long while he stared into my eyes as
though he could find the truth in them. With a
shrug, his reply came in a sobered voice.

“I don’t know, Jack. Maybe Tanya did it by
herself. Anyway, she’s got the jewels.”

Stunned by this bit of info, I asked him to re-
late the details of the previous night.

“Sure, Jack,” he said, as he poured himself
another drink. “Like you said, the joint was a push-
over. In no time I had the safe open. I grabbed
the jewel case and the 10 G’s laying on top of it and
beat it back to the car and drove to Tanya’s flat and
planted the case in the spot under the stove where
she told me to put it. Then, I drove back to the
spot on Bubbling Well Road to pick up Tanya.
While I waited for her I saw all of the cars leave
the joint and all the lights go out. I knew some-
thing was wrong then, so I sped back to her flat.

He paused for a moment and downed his drink.
Then he went on.

“Something was wrong all right. The jewel case
was gone and so was Tanya. It was almost dawn
and the ship was due to sail at ten, so there wasn’t
time for me to look for Tanya. Maybe you ean find
her. Anyway, she’s got the jewels. All I can do
Jack, is split the Limey dough with you.”

“No, you keep it George. I’m going to look
for Tanya."

So Tanya had won. It was easy for me to sce
how she had done it. She had merely waited till
George opened the safe and left with this decoy
Jewel case and the English pounds, then she had
gone upstairs and removed the genuine jewels from
where they were deep inside the safe.

I thought I’d never see or hear from her again,
but I was wrong. For a few nights later I got this
radiogram from a ship at sea:

FORGIVE ME STOP SAILING S.S. AD-
MIRAL COLE STOP MEET ME ADEL-
PHIA HOTEL SINGAPORE STOP 50-50
SPLIT STOP LOVE TANYA.

Overjoyed, I immediately booked passage on a
plant which was leaving the following afternoon on
a non-stop flight to Singapore.

But the next morning the Japs bombed Pearl
Harbor, and also sank every U.S. vessel between
Shanghai and Singapore.

The S.S. Admiral Cole went down, and there were no survivors.
