---
id: "5"
title: "...Speaking Editorially"
author: "HEINEMANN, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0005.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
As the old saying goes, ‘Time heals all things.” But does it? Influenza? Malaria?
Tuberculosis ? No, for something must be done IN time to cure such diseases. It is
what is DONE, not time, that heals.

Likewise, in the social areas it is not time which heals a broken home, a case
of injustice or anti-social behavior. Where wrong exists, something must be done,
and done effectively, to correct wrong. Time alone, or together with an ineffectual
thing done, merely gives wrong a chance to spread and multiply.

Society’s major answer to the problem of crime has been a combination of time
plus something done—imprisonment. When imprisonment failed to prevent crime,
society (at least in our State) stumbled to the conclusion that it was not the im-
prisonment which was ineffective, but only that it was not continued LONG ENOUGH.

Thus, imposed sentences involving decades of servitude came to mean nothing in terms of human penalty and loss, but only greater insurance of crime determent
and eventual rehabilitation. So reigned the school of thought which believed “lotsa
time deters crime” and “time rehabilitates’. So rose the crime rate.

For the truth is that time neither deters crime nor rehabilitates the criminal.
Only what is DONE in time can do these things. Which prolonged imprisonment has
not been doing and has never been able to do.

Perhaps society may be turning away from this time theory, at last, to follow the lead of such as certain judges who are reversing the trend by handing out reasonable sentences in human terms; and the lead of such as Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner, whom we hope will, in a few more years, succeed in completely remodeling the thing being done—imprisonment—into an effective measure better calculated to correct and to help men help themselves.

Sincerely yours,

Robert H. Heinemann
