---
id: "500"
title: "Night Begins the Day"
author: "WARREN, Harold Lee"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
NIGHT BEGINS THE DAY
by HAROLD LEE WARREN

The majority of the tickets were in, but since all
the games were night games, Bee picked up the
balance on the yard from Pogo, his runner. Coming
in from the evening yard, Bee was uncommonly
popular. An unfamiliar eye might think he did a
lot of hand-shaking, but such was not the case. He
was being given more tickets. ‘“‘Big play today,
huh?’’ asked Pogo. The exitement of the “‘big play’’
was beginning to show in Bee’s eyes, and he had a far-
away, preoccupied look as he answered, “‘ Yeah, kid,
big play.

When the cell doors were closed, the prison took
on a quiet, peaceful air. Kach man, hypnotized by
habit, had his own, seldom varying way of spending
the nights: reading, writing, drawing, doing exercises,
rolling cigarettes, or maybe just listening to the ear-
phones. But, for Bee every night was a ritual of
excitement — for this was when his day began.
The tickets in, the earphones on (Bee wore the
earphones continuously in the cell, even going to
sleep with them on), he was slowly listing all the bets
on a eryptie kind of chart that he could easily under-
stand, but the guards could not. The prison officials
knew, from years of experience, that gambline could
never be completely curtailed, anymore than it could
be curtailed outside, and they merely tried to keep it
minimized. But it was, nevertheless,, illegal — so
Bee was careful to stash his tickets away as soon as
his chart was made.

The chart was finished. The musie was playing.
It would still be another hour before Bee would have
the thrill of crossing off the losers, the chumps, one
by one. He studied the chart closely.

Cleveland minus a run and a tie got a heavy play.
He looked further down, seeing that Baltimore minus
and Washington plus were somewhat split. He
smiled. This meant that some of the tickets were
dead to start with. Hey, look at K.C. The chumps
dig that two and a tie. New York’ll kill ’em. They
could pitch Casey Stengel and still win. He finished
studying the chart. Almost everyone had taken
Kansas City plus two and a tie. This meant that if
K. C. won and the other three teams picked also won.
Bee could be ruined, but that was not likely. Just
the fact that it could happen stimulated Bee as
nothing else in this prison possibly could. Here was
the supreme gamble of risking everything—but—
with the odds in his favor. The chumps had to pick
at least four winners; he had only to have one!

Sometimes on the radio they picked up a ball
eame, but more often they had musie¢ (the inmates had
taken a vote and jazz won out), but the ball scores
were given at intervals.

The first scores came in shortly after eleven p.m.
Three finals. The chumps took all three. Bee began
to sweat, but only slightly. This had happened
before. There are eight finals to come in. . . one or
two big wins for Bee and all the tickets are dead.

Another half-hour and a singer finished off
“and that’s jazz.’’ The announcer had said
there’d be scores after this number. The music
started up again. That stinking louse! He said he’d
give scores and he keeps playing. Don’t he know
there are people that want the scores! The number
finished, and the announcer gave, alone with a joke,
the final scores that Bee had been waiting for. All
the finals were in but one. The Yankees at Kansas
City. That would be an hour late. Jeez, only twelve
tickets dead. Check these closer. All the rest have
K.C. Beads of perspiration stood out on Bee’s fore-
head as he figured up what the damage would be if
K.C. won. I’d be stuck for fifty cartons more than
I’ve got. But they won’t win.

Bee was waiting. Bee was cursing. And in the
hot summer night, Bee was sweating. More jazz,
more waiting, and more jazz! The hour passed, and
still no final. TWO HOURS! It was one o'clock
when the announcer finally got around to baseball
again. The announcer gave the seven scores he
already had, and Bee’s heart was pounding, every
muscle tensed for the Yankees — K. C. result. ‘‘ And
now, back to music out of the night..." No score
again! My God, what’s wrong with that freak!

The fever pitch was rising now, and with it, fear.
Bee looked over and over again at his chart. K.C.,
K.C., K.C. They all got K.C. Maybe the game is
in extra innings.__ Oh, Jeez, that’s bad. Naw, w’s
just this damned announccer . . . he’s so wrapped up
m that crummy jazz, he don’t care whether he gies
the score or not.

"And now to Sports. In baseball tonight . . ."
He’s giving the scores again! Bee’s heavy breathing
had stopped; he was scarcely breathing at all.
—and in one late game, Kansas City topped New
Work, six to three.

Bee sat still as though paralzed. No! It can’t
be! His hand went to his mouth as if to stifle a tell-
tale sound that might escape. Oh, Jesus, No! Bee
erew suddenly weak, as if all the strength had been
pulled from his body, as blood is pulled through a
needle. He looked at the chart and the letters grew
bigger and bigger. K.C.K.C. K.C. His mind was
reeling. Fifty guys I can’t pay off! He closed his
eyes, and a vision of fifty shining knives appeared.
He got up from the bed and walked, to the toilet, to
the wall, and then to the barred door, as if looking for
a way out. But he knew there was no way out.

His hands were shaking as he went over to his
foot stool and reached underneath for what he called
his “‘insurance.’’ They were there: one full bottle
. . . one half-filled bottle of sleeping medicine he’d
talked the doctor into giving him nightly. He had
faked taking each dose of Chlorol, night after night,
pouring it from his cup into the bottle.

He took the half-filled bottle and, without think-
ing further, gulped it down and sat on the bed,
waiting for the burning sensation to turn into a warm
glow, into ‘‘courage’’ to finish the job, to take the full
bottle that would save him from the humiliation of
fallmg from the top, from— everything. As. the
potent medicine dulled his brain, his hand stopped
shaking and he picked up the second, full bottle and
drank it down. He was very drowsy now.

He put back on the earphones, automatically.
The music that was playing stopped and Bee heard
the announcer saying, “Boys and girls, we have
goofed. It was not Kansas City six to three. It was
NEW YORK: Yep; the Yankees did it again. The
correct score: The Yankees six, Kansas City three."

As fast as Bee was falling asleep, he knew what
he’d heard and he moaned. I’ve killed myself for
nothing! The strength, the resistence, the fight were
ebbing fast, but Bee lifted his metal cup from. the
table and drug it rapidly, noisily across the floor.
He heard the gate open, the familiar footsteps and
rattling keys in the distance.

The guard walked down the tier. Passing # 8
cell he looked in with his flash hight. All was quiet
here. He kept walking, past # 9 cell, # 10 cell,
looking into each one. The noise was in this
direction. On he walked, past the next two cells — to
Bee’s cell. He flashed the light in. Bee was laying
on the bed, as usual, with his earphones about his
neck. “All quiet here, too. That guy is dead to
the world.”

And — he was.
