---
id: "501"
title: "Penal Press Reviews"
author: "WARREN, Harold Lee"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by HAROLD LEE WARREN
Penal Press Reviews

THE SPECTATOR (Michigan)—You fellows say
you put out the Nation’s leading prison weekly and,
to date, you'll get no argument here. Your news
article on the famed “Bird Man” of Alcatraz was
of great interest. His predicament is the number
one prison outrage of our time. How ean one justify
keeping a man in solitary confinement for 42 years?
That’s right, forty-two years! This man’s situation
has been known, and condemned, for years by lead-
ing penologists and journalists everywhere, but to
no avail. Some of us have wondered what change
might have taken place for this living human.
Thanks, Spectator, for the answer: No change yet,
perhaps “soon.”

THE EAGLE (West Virginia)—We bow to the
ladies—a mighty fine publication. Carol, your edi-
torial presents a good question, indeed. Everyone
needs—must have—ineentive. You ask, “For those
with no hope for parole, what can their incentive
possibly be?” If there is an answer, Carol, I don’t
know it. You girls even make fashions sound inter-
esting, and with your observation that “Clothes Do
Make The Woman” I can only agree and humbly
confess, I wish I was a dress. Oh, yes. If we had an
award for the ‘saying of the month’ you’d surely get
that, too, for as good a one as any prisoner could
have: “WHEN FATE HANDS YOU A LEMON—
TRY TO MAKE A LEMONADE.”

FLA-CO-LO (Florida)—Another fine quarterly,
aptly handled by the ladies. Very feminine, and
informative. Your “Sprinter” (that’s a cross between
Spring and Winter) cover showing a lovely mermaid
on skis was very nice, and proves a theory I’ve had
for a long time: There’s no people like girl-people.

The MENTOR (Mass.)—Your newspaper is as
polished and habit-forming as one should be. Must
admit that your article concerning the late Dr.
Robert Lindner was something of a puzzler. Since
it carried the PPS tag I don’t know who the blame
can go to, but in any case, Dr. Lindner has, unfor-
tunately, been dead for some time. The write-up
makes him appear very much alive, and even takes
on a eerie note by quoting Dr. Lindner as saying,
“It is psychologically impossible to imagine one’s
own death ... to imagine yourself not existing.”

PAAHAO PRESS (Hawaii)—Boy, there’s nothing
backward about our newest State’s super-slick maga-
zine. And those jokes! One page is worth the
price, and then some. Liked best (what am I saying,
I liked ‘em all the best) the one that went: A LADY
WHO HAD NEVER SEEN AN ELEPHANT
BEFORE CALLED THE POLICE SAYING THERE
WAS A BIG ANIMAL IN HER GARDEN, PULL-
ING UP ALL OF HER PLANTS WITH HIS TAIL.
WHEN THE POLICEMAN ASKED HER WHAT
THE ANIMAL WAS DOING WITH THE PLANTS
SHE ANSWERED, "IF I TOLD YOU, YOU
WOULDN’T BELIEVE ME!”

THE CAMPFIRE (Michigan)—Your clever and
Imaginative cartoonist gives an intimate itch-and-
seratch-it kind of folksiness that really livens up an
already entertaining, mature bi-monthly.

THE TERRESCOPE (Indiana)—The Spring issue’s
cover was silk-sereening at it’s best. Starkly simple,
impeccably modern taste, or—in a word—sophis-
ticated. The contents are interesting, well-written
and varied—so now, to the complaint department.
Only one: Mimeographed words on top of a “back-
eround” are not compatible, to these eyes anyway.
Perhaps you could make a survey to find out whether
the extra effort that a double-run is for better or
for worse.

THE HOPE PRESS (Rhode Island)—Although the
news in this one is almost completely “local” it is
still interesting and well-done. One big plus is the
quality paper, seldom used in newspapers. You guys
got money. Huh?

THE REFLECTOR (Indiana)—Another weekly
paper that carefully garners all the news of interest,
from both inside and outside. Especially interesting
to me was the news story under this headline: LADY
LAWYER WEDS HER PRISONER BEAU. The
reason being, she was my lawyer, too. Matter of fact,
I’ve had two lady attorney’s both in Atlanta, who
married prisoners they defended. Must be a moral
there somewhere.

THE NEW DAY (Ohio)—A well-presented weekly
that encompasses everything, but is heavy on enter-
tainment (even including a radio schedule). But,
N. C., I've got to tell you. No Broadway show ever
cost a million and a half, not even “Auntie Mame.”
I think you tried to switch west to east, or somethin’
—you obviously had the movie in mind, yes?

THE YOUNG CITIZEN (Arizona)—You young fel-
lows turn out a very adult-looking paper. The re-
porting is youthful, as it should be, but the beautiful
print job shows some expert supervision around
your school.”

STRAY SHOTS (Kansas)—You guys give full
value. A thick (60 pages) monthly, crammed with
everything; even real pin-up photos. Not bad for
mimeograph.

THE HILLTOPPER (California)—Liked your mag-
azine very much. Liked even more that jazzy com-
missary list (tho’ it made me turn slightly green
with envy); Sada pop! Coffee! Jelly! Jam! Kool
Aid! Tea Bags (one cent each)! And—listen to
this—Barking Dog Tobacco! Barking Dog?
