---
id: "503"
title: "For the Echo Record"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0037.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For The Echo Record

MY THEORY
I am no penologist but my theory of pris-
on is that it should endeavor to rehabilitate a
man, to instill in him ambition for freedom
and new hope for the future after he is free.
But if you chuck him into the can tagged for
half a normal lifetime you say in effect to the
poor guy that he has no future and no hope. I
think that is horribly wrong. Do not ask me
what should be the maximum sentence. I do
not know. But it should not be 20, 30, or 40
years. 

—Damon Runyon

“THE SIN IS YOURS, SOCIETY”

“Run your eyes over the life history of a
man sentenced to die. There in all its inevita-
ble sequency, is a story of his progress to de-
struction more forceful than any that was ever
paimibed by vay Vian Goel or apeloe ctu sts
the correctional school; next, the reformatory,
then Sing Sing or San Quentin and then at
last—execution. The heavy hand of doom was
on his head from the beginning. The sin, in
truth, is yours (society)—the sin of your con-
doning a penal system that leaves the victim
to his fate when the course that he is going is
written down so plainly.”

—Justice B. N. Cordoza

Judges should be students of life even
more than of law. Biology and psychology,
which form the basis of understanding human
conduct, should be taken into account. With-
out a fair knowledge of the mechanism of man,
and the motives and urges that govern his life,
it is idle to venture to fathom a situation; but
with some knowledge, officers and the publie
can be most useful in preserving and protecting
those who most need help. The life of almost
any unfortunate, if rightly understood, ean be
readjusted to some plan of order and system,
instead of being left to ruin, the victim of ig-
norance, hatred and chance.

—Clarence Darrow

TOO MUCH POWER

In a move to alter the complexion of the
state’s highest judicial body, Justice George
Edwards of the Michigan Supreme Court, told
the members of the Detroit College of Law
Alumni Association:

“No administrative agency in our society
has the ultimate and unchecked power over
human freedom than the parole boards in the
forty-eight states now exercises.”

The new court proposed by Justice Ed-
wards, would hear all criminal appeals, along
with appeals by convicted persons who feel
their sentences are too severe and those who
feel they have been abused by parole board
measures. 

—The Mentor
