---
id: "506"
title: "I Am Life"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "3"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1959_body0039.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
I Am Life
by THOMAS WILLIAMS

I am today and yesterday, the meaning of time,
I am the compensating weariness, for sorrows of mind;
I am the stage of life where each has a role
To be lived—to be played in the face of a goal.

To be enacted without flaw, no emotions to be shed, 
To be held accountable for every word that is said;
Yet I have endured with reason intact,
Yet have I striven to face every fact.

I am two million people around one lonely soul,
I am two million heartaches in one pot of gold;
I am love without meaning, I am meaning without strife,
I am joy, | am wisdom, I am sorrow—I AM LIFE.

I am the cries of a baby, I am the tears of many mothers,
I am the friendship man shows toward ls many brothers;
I am the tender caresses when lovers depart,
I am the meaning of living, within every heart;
I am the wars of a world with its pain and its strife,
I am death and destruction—I AM LIFE.

I am a little boy playing in the minute grains of sand,
I am the philosopher evaluating the theories of man;
I am the earth within, the universe without,
I am the soul of man, with all his torments and doubt;
I am the lion in a cage who longs to be free,
I am the fate of all men, and things that will be.

Yes! I am life, the ruler of all,
The multitude of millions who come at my call;
The weak and oppressed, the strong and the brave,
The humble and pious, the thief and the knave.

Though I am worshipped by millions, I stand not in esteem,
For those foolish ones who live in a dream;
I am comfort to those who bear the pain and strife,
I am all things to all men, I am God—I AM LIFE.
