---
id: "511"
title: "Yuletide Song"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0002.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Yuletide Song

by SANTA CLAUS

I once was a child—
A ween merry and mild,
As the Springtime of life has ever seen;
I chased pleasures all day,
And my heart was as gay,
As the flowers that followed the stream.

Then youth bore me on,
With its hurrying throng,
Full of hopes that were bold and high;
All the world seemed bright
As it lay in the light
Of the sun in my Summer's sky.

I soon was a man—
Full of care and of plan,
For the riches which last but a day;
I gathered my sheaves,
But alas! how like leaves
In the Autumn time, friends drop away!

When the chill winds blew,
And my whitened head knew,
That the Winter of life had come:
Said I, "Tell me, I pray,”
To my heart one day,
“What good in this world have we done?”

My heart was dumb—
Then like a drum,
Beat time to the strain of an elf;
Who seemed marching me on
To my grave, to the song,
“Your thoughts have all been of yourself.”

| answered, "No! No!
This can not be so,
My thoughts have not all been of myself."
But by day and by night,
My heart with its might,
Kept time to the song of the elf.

ln my ear still ringing,
Was this elfin’s singing,
My life growing weary and sad,
When one day he sung:
“True pleasures will come
As we try to make other hearts glad.”

How thankful I’ve been,
For the lesson taught then.
For it led mid the poor and distressed,
Where my wakening heart
First learned to impart
Hope and joy to the sorrowing breast.

Oh! then such delight
Filled my breast, that one night
In my prayers, I asked ever to stay;
Where the sorry and sad,
I could love and make glad,
Till their grief should be driven away.

“No! come now with us,”
The elfin spoke thus,
“But twice in a year you may go,
To make faces brighter,
And heavy hearts lighter,
Of the good people dwelling below.”

So twice in a sun,
Down the chimney I come,
With my treasures, and heart full of cheer;
You laugh as I call
“Merry Christmas,” to all,
And you shout at my “HAPPY NEW YEAR.”

Season's From ALL of US To ALL of YOU Greetings
