---
id: "513"
title: "Editorial"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Editorial: by JAMES “Mike” SMITH

The approaching Christmas and New Year holidays have led me to
lay aside for this issue the usual arguments and protestations of an ad-
mittedly “crusading editor.”

The coming days will bring to all people living in Christian lands,
whether true-believer, atheist, or agnostic, a stirring of the human
spirit. Whether fostered by Madison Avenue commercialism; the ex-
hilaration of a renewed, if temporary, religious fervor; or the just plain
everyday contact of human beings on their best behavior, this personal
and public sense of contentment with life brings people about as near
to happiness as is possible.

In a way, a sort of universal spirit also invades the prisons of the
nation during this holiday season. However, it is a dark opposite of the
gaiety and “joie de vivre” of the outside world. For these are the days
of the year which, clearer than any others, bring to most of us a realiz-
ation of our complete separateness from the rest of the world.

During this time of the year the walls seem to grow higher, shut-
ting us in more effectively than ever, away from the hearth and mistle-
toe, home. The ubiquitous bars seem to grow in number and grow more
frustrating in their constant reminder that we have been set apart be-
cause of our failings. The days grow longer despite the earlier dark-
ness, and the nights become a bit more lonely. In the lingo of the in-
mate, “Time gets to you.”

Here in prison, perhaps more than other places, is felt the spirit of
Christmas — the impact of a holy day and season upon the human need
for the lost companionship of friends and loved ones. More letters are
written, and probably more truthfully, than at other times; letters re-
ceived more closely read in an attempt to read into them perhaps more
than they say in some instances. Here material values are truly for-
gotten, and memories and hopes more precious than any present money
can buy.

One saving grace — the New Year follows soon after, permitting
us to replace the X’d out pad which served to indicate the 365 unre-
deemable days which we forfeited as a portion of whatever debt we may
owe society. It is our hope that as the new, unblemished calendar of
1960 unfolds to trace our often weary path through time, its pages will
be marked to indicate, not only lost days of life, but also days of enlight-
enment, better understanding, and self-improvement, leading, for the
luckier ones, to a large red X marking the day of their return to the
world and glorious freedom.
