---
id: "514"
title: "Junior Hoodlums Around"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
JUNIOR HOODLUMS AROUND

All too many persons have been laboring
under the delusion that juvenile delinquency
is a problem basically peculiar to this
country.

They have attributed it in large part
to the failure of American parents to exer-
cise sufficient discipline or of the American
schools and churches to inculcate social con-
sciousness and respect for the rights of
others.

The hot-rodder, the junior thug and the
and the leather-jacketed hoodlum have been
labeled symbols of the breakdown of Ameri-
can society.

Branding this social phenomenon as an
American product is far from just and even
farther from fact. The most that can be
said is that juvenile delinquency is a product
of the times—universally, not merely in the
United States.

In Britain, they call them ‘‘Teddy
boys.” In Finland, they are “Plathats ”
or “Rattle boys.’’ The Danes label them
“Bugbears” and the Russians refer to them
as “Hooligans.” Paris has an estimated 10
to 12 thousand members of “Les Bandes.’’
The Germans have tagged them ‘‘Halb-
starke,” or half-baked ones.

Switch-blade knives, brass knuckles and
bicycle chains are the trade-marks among
the European juvenile delinquents as well as
here at home. Rising economic conditions
have lined their pockets with money and
they delight in motoreycles and cars without
mufflers. Sound familiar?

Virtually all European nations have be-
gun some form of all-out attack on the prob-
lem. So has this country. The Juvenile
Delinquency Subcommittee of the Senate
Labor Committee is pushing for passage a
bill calling for research in the field of juy-
enile delinquency. Sponsored by Senator
Clark of Pennsylvania and Senator Hill of
Alabama, it is intended to provide informa-
tion for setting up workable plans to control
the problem.

In Britain, church officials have taken
the lead in dealing with delinquency. In
Copenhagen, police organized a network of
police youth clubs and arranged trips for
boys at a minimum cost to other parts of
Europe. Gang riots have been eliminated
this way in Denmark over the past two years.
By contrast, Sweden’s rebels without cause
invaded Kristianstad and nearly wrecked
the town. And, in Bandol, France, delin-
quents began welcoming tourists with clubs
and bicycle chains.

Even in the Soviet Union, which stresses
how hard its younger set works for an edu-
cation or the advancement of the fatherland,
an order was issued recently making it man-
datory for all youth to engage in manual
labor, regardless whether they were studying
to be music teachers, nuclear scientists or
plumbers.

This is expected to take some of the ex-
cess energy out of the junior Reds. It seems
reports reached the Soviet high command
that Moscow’s nonconformists even were
importing black market rock ’n’ roll records
through Poland!

It becomes immediately apparent juv-
enile delinquency is far more than an
American problem. While this does not
solve the issue, it certainly should direet
those who do seek the solution to expand
their search beyond superficial social causes
and beyond the confines of any one partic-
ular action. —Via Reading (Pa.) Times
