---
id: "515"
title: "The Echo Mail Bag"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE ECHO MAIL BAG

Dear Sir:

I am a State Parole Officer assigned to
the Detroit (Michigan) District.

A large percentage of my caseload have
narcotics backgrounds ... I am extremely
interested in increasing my knowledge of
this problem.

... Specifically, I am interested in
compiling and analyzing excerpts from
Prison publications on the narcotics prob-
lem. I am interested in what the inmates
have to say about it.

... So I am asking if you will place
me on your (mailing) list.

I feel that my interest in this problem
may result in some additional knowledge
and perhaps contribute to an ultimate
solution. Will you help me?

Hondon B. Hargrove

By all means. More of your caliber
needed in the Parole field.

Dear Sir:

Following a match between your and
Smith, Kline and French’s chess teams,
my husband was given a copy of the
EASTERN ECHO. We and our friends
found it most interesting, and I herewith
enclose a check for $5. to cover the cost
of five subscriptions.

Mrs. Joseph Coogan
Phila, 28, Penna.
Through such events we are privileged
to meet men such as your husband.

Dear Mike (Editor):

Thanks a million for your generous note
of October 13th and for the issues of
the EASTERN ECHO. Your expression of
friendship makes us feel like a guy in a
Model-T being waved to by a passing
Cadillac, but we want you to know that
a few old issues of the EASTERN ECHO
were a principal source of inspiration for
our modest effort.

... what we lack in experience we’re
trying to make up for in ambition and
enthusiasm...

Your kind offer of an exchange certainly
gives us the long end of the bargain but
will be greatly appreciated. We are out
of our first two ‘‘Ditto’’ machine issues
but we’ll be sure to send along the next
one... Your criticism will be appreciated.

James Patterson, Editor
THE (Holmesburg) HORIZON

Gee, thanks! Always ready with a
helping hand for our ‘‘Pen’’-Pals.
