---
id: "517"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Superin-
tendent’s Desk:

No one will deny that there have been many
changes in penal philosophy within the past one
hundred years. It is very complex and contus-
ing when considered on a national or inter-
national level and even at the state leve! is quite
a jumble since the philosophy of prisons, pro-
bation, parole, pardon and sentencing is ever
changing as a study of these will show. There
is a variance that obviously typifies the think-
ing of the law makers at the time of enactment
of the statutes in these fields. Human nature
changes little—it has been said. However, in
reviewing the laws we wonder. Assuming we are becoming more civil-
ized and penal laws have improved over the last several centuries (less
than 200 years ago over 200 offenses, some petty, were capital offenses
in Eneland, a nation admittedly steeped in tradition and admittedly
the leader in Western civilization) we submit, have we kept pace legally
with improvement in our social structure? Specifically, the rehabilita-
tion of the offender, which necessarily includes his sentence and release.

Originally all sentences were for a definite fixed period and there
was no way to terminate them except through pardon. Not only did
this situation result in many injustices but it offered no way to ease the
return of the offender to the community. It resulted too in a necessary
extension of the pardoning power in order to relieve congestion in the
prisons. Of 2082 prisoners in the Eastern State Penitentiary in 1864,
463 or 22.2% were pardoned by the Governor. There was no other
method at that time! Other methods came into being later to relieve
this situation and eventually culminated in the parole system.

Parole is one of the most modern and important parts of the crim-
inal justice program. At the turn of this century, there were a few
sporadic and disconnected attempts at its practical application.

The “Good Time” laws were a part of the humanitarianism working
to soften the harsh penal codes. They were the beginning of the transi-
tion between rigid, fixed sentences and parole. The transition in Penn-
sylvania embraced these and clearly points out the thinking and philo-
sophies of these eras.

1. The first break in the old policy of fixed sentences came in 1861
with the act of May 1, 1861, PL 462, which was changed in 1869,
act of 5-21-69, P.L. 1267, as the act of 1861 was declared uncon-
stitutional. This was again changed in 1901 by the act of May
11, 1901, P.L. 166, which is still in effect, where “flat” sentences
are imposed. These all provided for reduction of sentences by
good conduct.

2. The first real use of the indeterminate sentence came in 1887
with the Act of April 28, 1887, P.L. 68, as amended in 1953, the
act on July 29, 1953, P.L. 1447.

3. It wasn't until 1909, the act on May 10, 1909, P.L. 495, and after
a long period of agitation the principle was partially extended
to the penitentiaries. It provided that in the cases of offenders
to be sentenced to the Kastern and Western State Penitentiaries
the Court “instead of pronouncing upon such convict a definite
or fixed term of imprisonment shall pronounce upon such con-
vict an indefinite term.” Where no minimum was set by stat-
ute, the Court could determine it, provided it was not over one-
quarter of the maximum prescribed as the penalty for the
crime.

4. However, this was emasculated in 1911 by the Act of June 19,
1911, P.L., 1055, which removed the proviso that the minimum
term must not be over one-quarter of the maximum. It virtu-
ally destroyed the principle of the indeterminate sentence.
Actually there were sentences then after passage of this act of
19 years minimum to 20 years maximum.

5. In 1923, act ot June 29, 1923, Pl. 975 reflected the moderated
thinking and liberalized the previous law. This Act is com-
monly referred to as the Ludlow Act and is now the basic law
still prevailing. 

A Parole Commission created in 1925 studied the
situation and testimony then revealed that parole
had then become no more than a “paper parole.”
Recommendations bore fruit in 1929 and in 1939 and
culminated with the Parole Act of August 6, 1941,
P.L. 861.

It will be seen, therefore, that there was a pleth-
ora of laws and perhaps there will always be, depend-
ing on many factors. No doubt, much thinking and
debate prompted all this legislation so perhaps it
would be well to adapt what we have by application
of modern thinking, and advances in judicial fields
(including pre-sentence reports), probation, exeel-
lent penal programs and parole. Penal programs
have advanced tremendously in the Commonwealth
as has parole. It is hoped there will be unanimity in
all fields toward a common goal. Many Judges now
feel that long sentences are no longer necessary as
the prisons can recommend and parole authorities
can defer parole until the offender has proved he is
ready for return to society. There is an optimum
time when a prisoner should be released. This is
possible with the Ludlow Act where the minimum
term cannot be more than half the maximum term
—it can be less—it should be less to enable modern
methods to be put into practice. It should not be
circumvented by multiple consecutive sentences 
which destroys all hope and makes the offender think
“What’s the use of participating in many programs
of rehabilitation if it is hopeless in the beginning?”

Advanced thinking in this total overall modern
concept is reflected in the fact that if a parolee suc-
cessfully adjusts on parole for five years or longer
the Parole Board recommends commutation of maxi-
mum sentence to the Pardon Board. For parolees
with life sentences it is ten years or more of good ad-
justment while on parole. Thus, “Are long sentences
necessary?” Why not extend hope by shorter mini-
mum sentences?

If violation of parole, as figures show, decreases
sharply after the third, fourth or fifth year, it is not
unreasonable to assume that imprisonment too ac-
complishes the same after a reasonable time.
