---
id: "518"
title: "Crime, Time, and Punishment "
author: "WALDEN, Spencer"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Crime, Time, and Punishment

by SPENCER WALDEN

“You cannot make a silk purse from a sow's
ear,” is an age-old adage. Although its origin has
been lost in antiquity, the saying itself became a ehal-
lenge to the ingenuity of modern man. As a result,
not too long ago scientists actually created a purse
trom a sow’s ear. It wasn’t composed of silk, but it
is expected to outlast the longevity of any silken
counterpart.

Perhaps this may not be as newsworthy as an
earth-circling satellite, or a new rock and roll hit;
nonetheless, it serves to illustrate a fact — the effect
of a challenge upon man.

“You cannot make anything out of a convict,” is
a comment all too often repeated by the uninformed
cynic. This, too, is a challenge that will someday be
accepted by some individual or group, perhaps non-
conformists in their manner of reasoning, who will
disprove this statement. In so doing, they will neces-
sarily bring into ae new and revolutionary social
concepts capable of firing the imagination.

Records, of a sort, have been kept on penology
dating back two thousand odd years when law-
breakers were first cast into cages, pens and dun-
gcons. With slight alterations in mode and manner,
this same method of dealing with lawbreakers, it
must be admitted, remains in effect.

Surely, it seems, civilized society, or some seg-
ment of it, could create a better Sion Tor the iamid=
ling of today’s lawbreakers. It would appear that no
other social condition has so stymied man as the
problem of what to do, or what should be done, with
those who break the law. If the total sum expended
on the building and maintenance a prisons in this
country could be made a matter of public record, a
demand for a new system of penology would prob-
ably result more swiftly. Hach year fiscal appropri-
ations for our state and national penal systems soar
by additional millions of dollars, yet few are those
who question whether prisons are the answer to
crime.

Although countless suggestions have been ad-
vanced for handling crime and punishment problems,
they usually have, in varying degrees, one thing in
common — from the naive to the opposite extreme,
they are tinged with a vindictive strain. And, all too
often, the avenging angels would sink beneath the
level of those they would destroy.

Occasionally practical suggestions are advo-
cated. However, these are usually shelved .by yet
more practical politicians. Hence, down through
the ages man has been cursed by the blight of
prisons.

A theoretical change for the better in the field
of penology was hoped for with the adoption of pa-
role; so too, hope motivated that most “noble experi-
ment’ ce alled prohibition. There were, and are, of
course, those who benefited by both.

One would be inclined to the conclusion that at
least the judges with their experience would come
forth, if not with solutions, with down to earth sug-
gestions as to how crime and punishment problems
should be handled on a humane and practical basis.

Unfortunately, the majority of judges today,
like their predecessors, have shown an ostrich-like
attitude and closed their eyes, cars and minds to the
problems of crime and punishment. <As evidence we
submit the fact that of the thousands of judges who
warm the benches in the courtrooms of this nation,
only an infinitesimal fraction have visited a penal
institution.

Time worn procedures dealing with crime and
punishment have failed, and miserably so. As an
antidote for crime, courts and penal institutions have
created far more social problems than it was hoped
they would solve. Neither has been an effective de-
terrent.

Whether the lawbreaker is born or made, and
whether he should be held accountable for his mis-
deeds are not problems to be solved with either the
heart or the mind alone. Neither organ is infallible
nor weighs the facts in an equitable manner. The
heart of the problem, in the majority of instances, is
to be found in social economie conditions that furnish
opportunities for lawbreakng.

Why not remove these conditions? Is this sit-
uation too much for society to cope with? Is it
cheaper for socicty to continue to pay the price for
anti-social conditions than to attempt to solve them?

Obviously we are not all born with the same as-
sets; the same measure of insight; the same ability
to analyze conditions and situations, or to judee
those in whom we place or misplace confidence.
Many are the crimes chareed to those who have acted
solely in good faith.

It is far easier to make than to unmake the law-
breaker. The formula for making one is rather well
established :—Take the youth who has known but a
bare existence; make crime books and crime maga-
zines available to him; cram his leisure hours with
movic, radio and television crime programs until his
mind is conditioned; then tempt him with erime
where material reward is available. Sooner or later
the inevitable follows in natural sequence.

Unfortunately there is no known formula for
unmaking the lawbreaker. This is not to state, how-
ever, that new and untried methods cannot be insti-
tuted that will be effective. Methods of the past
have been, and will continue to be ineffectual, and
have as a result brought about their condemnation,

How, after two thousand years of observation,
can we still expect a vindictive form of punishment
to bring moral and spiritual changes for the better?
Prisons. represent the greatest waste area of life, and
in prison is to be found the most tragic waste of all
—the criminal waste of the human mind and soul.

It has been said that by following the line of
least resistance both men and rivers have become
crooked, yet we have all seen the course of both
changed. The essence of life is change, and we can
hope that change means growth. All nature changes
from minute to minute, from day to day, and change
likewise comes to the eternal mystery that is man’s
personality.

The lawbreaker, like any other individual with
the ability to read, is well aware that parking tickets
and felony indictments often end up in the same
wastebasket. And although he may contribute to it,
the lawbreaker does not create this condition.

Of what avail therefore, would it be to attempt
to curb the errant ways of the lawbreaker if these
age-old customs remain uncurbed? These deeply im-
bedded customs lend encouragement to lawbreakers
in all walks of life; to the affluent as well as the less
fortunate.

Our economic system demands price supports for
basic commodities such as peanuts. Our greatest
basic commodity is human endeavor — a priceless
intangible without uniform support.

Those gainfully employed, in addition to paying
taxes, fulfill the needs and services of this nation.
They are the core of our economie system. One con-
fined in a penal institution obviously does not con-
tribute in any manner to the general welfare.

It would indeed be a strange paradox if labor at-
tained its goal of a guaranteed wage, and by thus
providing financial security for its members, lured
potential lawbreakers into its ranks. It may well
be that in attaining this goal, labor may, in years to
come, lower prison populations to an appreciable ex-
tent. If a guaranteed annual wage spells security
for labor, and this likewise is the goal of the law-
breaker where material values are at stake, here then
is an area worthy of study.

When this form of security is made available to
the lawbreaker as an alternative to the risks and con-
sequences entailed in all crime, the answer as to the
course reason will take is obvious.

Everything known to man in the field of punish-
ment as a penalty for lawbreaking has now been
tried for centuries past, and the end product has been
a tragic spectacle and an indictment of civilization.

Is it not now time for the learned men and
women of this nation to take heed and consider the
ill-conceived methods of handling crime and punish-
ment problems of the past with a view towards initi-
ating intelligent measures? This rather than permit
the blind to lead the blind at the expense of future
generations.

As we commenced with an ancient adage, it is
fitting we close with another: “One half of the world
does not know how the other half lives.” We wonder
if this is not due, in no small part, to both fractions
being too complacent?
