---
id: "52"
title: "Themes and Variations"
author: "Raszkiewicz, B. A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THEMES
AND
VARIATIONS

by B. A. RASZKIEWICZ

For this issue of the Double-E, we will attempt to out-
line the instrumentations and the present and future aims
of both the Concert Band and Dance Orchestra. (Webster
defines a band as a band of performers on especially wind
and percussion instruments; an orchestra as a band of per-
formers on wind, pereussion,especially those of the viol class
and keyboard instruments. The presence of the piano, string,
bass and guitar in our Dance and Swing ‘‘Band’’ qualifies
it as an Orchestra.) But, first, a brief sketch of the Musical
background of our Bandmaster, Mr. E. Parke Brown, and
his two able assistants. :

Mr. Brown is well grounded in Music Theory and as an
instrumentalist. At the ripe old age of 10 he started taking
music lessons. At the age of 12 he began the study
of trombone, which remains his major instrument to this
day. He has that wideopen sound with the edge that’s so
characteristically trombone. He played in dance orchestras
in and around Wilkes-Barre, Pa., until the advent of World
War IT when he enlisted and spent the next six years in
the Navy, attended the Navy School of Music for 18 months
and played in a U.S. Navy band.

Mr. Brown was appointed Bandmaster and Music In-
structor a little over two years ago. From the small band
that Jimmie Jackson organized to play at church services,
Mr. Brown has slowly and painstakingly built-up a major
musical aggregation. The personnel of the two organizations
are made up in the main of beginners with a few professional
and semi-professional musicians.

Jimmie Jackson was appointed Assistant Bandmaster
by Mr. Brown, and is filng the post ably. He is also the
leader of a small band that still plays for church services.
Jimmie is well qualified as a musician, having played drums
for a number of years on the outside. He now plays 2nd
Bb tenor Saxophone in the Dance Orchestra, Ist Eb Alto
Saxophone in the Concert Band and can double on clarinet
and, in addition, do an excellent job of arranging.

The assistant Dance Orchestra leader igs the well known
Joe Fatio. He is a very gifted and talented musician, com-
poser and trumpet man. When he picks up that Golden
Trumpet and blows he sure says plenty. He plays from the
heart. Joe is no newcomer to the music world, having
played in various big bands on the outside. While sweating
out his hitch with Uncle Sam, he huffed away on trumpet
in U. S. Army bands.

He has been a sideman with many of today’s top musi-
cians. Besides leading the Dance Orchestra, Joe holds down
the Solo trumpet chair in the Concert Band and Church
Band.

Both Jimmie and Joe have always encouraged the
stumbling beginner, and credit must be given to these two
men for turning out some pretty good musicians,

In a recent discussion your reporter had with Mr. Brown,
I asked what his aims were for the two bands. For the
Coneert Band, he is slowly building the instrumentation to
an ultimate membership of 48 musicians. The present
Concert Band is pretty well balanced and approximately
half-way to its goal. A break down of the 48 pieces would
be on this order:

(The numbers in the brackets indicate the number
of instruments in the present band.)

14. Bb Clarinets (6)   1 Oboe (0)

1 Eb Clarinet (1).  4 Eb Altos (Mellophone) (1)

1 Eb Alto Clarinet (0)   1 Eb Baritone Sax. (0)

1Eb Bass Clarinet (0)   2 Eb Alto Saxophones (2)

1 C.Flute (1)   1 Bb Tenor Saxophone (2)

6 Bb Trumpets (5)   2 Bb Baritones (Euphonium) (2)

3 Trombones (3)   1 Db Piccolo, (1)

1 Bassoon (0)   4 BBb Basses (Sousaphone) (2)
4 Percussion (4): Bass Drum, Snare Drum, Tympani,
Cymbals.

Mr. Brown has set an immense task as his goal. The
scarceness of trained musicians is one drawback that he
is striving to overcome by conducting a class in Music
Theory every Monday at 3 P.M. This class is open to any-
one desiring to take up the study of one of the instruments
listed above or below. No one will be issued an instrument
without first completing this course.

The Dance Orchestra is to consist of the following:

REEDS
1st Eb Alto Saxophone 
2nd Bb Ten. Saxophone 
3rd Eb Al. Saxophone 
4th Bb Ten. Saxophone 
5th Eb Bar. Saxophone 

BRASS
1st Bb Trumpet
2nd Bb Trumpet
3rd Bb Trumpet
Ist Trombone
2nd Trombone
3rd Trombone 

RHYTHM
Piano
Bass
Guitar
Drums
Accordion (Rhythm & Solo)

The present Orchestra is well manned but weak in
several key positions. The trumpets are played by men
just learning to play dance and swing music, with the ex-
ception of Joe. The trombones read well but have yet to
learn to blend as a unit and avoid the brassy tone that is
permissable in brass bands but taboo for dance music. The
rhythm section ig very strong on guitar, strong bass, fair
piano and weak on drums. The sax section is weak in
phrasing together. The lead alto must learn to push out
and lead the section. At the present we have no accor-
dionist. As a whole the orchestra does a fair job.

The Concert Band and Dance Orchestra have been
striving mightily to present musical programs which will
appeal to the inmate population.

SPECIAL AWARD: (These are strictly my opinions)
The outstanding improvement over-all musically in the
past 12 months:
Fanfare, drum roll, cymbal crash, curtain:
I select John Wheeler, Bb tenor saxophone.

HONORABLE MENTION: 2nd, Robert Heinemann, trom-
bone: 3rd, Paul Goff, trombone; 4th, Daniel Collins, trumpet;
5th, Donald Stoner, Clarinet.

While searching through the one mail bag assigned to
this department and finally turning it inside out I found a
note addressed to the Music Editor that contained the
following question:

Q. I would like to know how much longer it will take me
to learn to play the clarinet by not practicing than by
practicing? Signed — R. L. R.

A. This depends strictly on the amount of hours per day
you faithfully devote to not practicing. A. Mus. Ed.

I will do my best to answer all questions submitted to
this column. Criticism is welcome. Just write on a piece
of paper whatever is on your mind and submit it to Mr.
Graham or any of the Editors. Crackpot ideas will be
filed in the C.P. File.

In my humble opinion the greatest number ever recorded
by a jazz musician would be: ‘‘I Can’t Get Started With
You,’’ by the late Bunny Berigan.

The one thing musicians and fishermen have in common
are ----- SCALES.
