---
id: "520"
title: "Santa's Little Helper"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Santa's Little Helper
by JAMES "Mike" SMITH

'Twas the week before Christmas and numerous
Af: things were stirring at Lacy’s Department Store.
Under the festooned banners which dropped sprigs
of silver foil on the people below, frenzied shoppers
dashed to-and-fro, from counter to counter, driven
by an instinctive urge to spend which seems to blos-
som during the Christmas season. Harassed clerks
shouted their needs to the busy stockboys, who
barged through the crowd, renewing depleted stocks.
Parents screamed at their misbehaving children;
children who wailed in rebellion as they were pulled
from department to department.

However, the children became suddenly quict
when they entered the glamorous world of she third
floor of the emporium. For there—seated in glaring,
colorful conspicuity, was the awe inspiring bringer
of gifts, the patron saint of children everywhere—
Santa Claus!

A long queue of “children-must-be-accompanied-
by-parents” stretched across the room waiting for
their turn at Santa’s lap. And at this moment the
theatrically costumed, elegantly stuffed St. Nick was
laughing boisterously for the enjoyment of the
watching youngsters. Having fulfilled this duty ae-
cording to schedule (once every ten minutes), Santa
assumed a more sedate and austere mood as he grim-
ly viewed the lengthy line of offspring waiting for
his ear.

Under the cover of his luxurious beard, his lips
moved silently as he cursed the unending stream of
bright-eyed, cheerful, little monsters. He lifted an-
other chattering, grimy-faced child to his aching
knees, and smiled mechanically while the kid reeled
off a long list of “wants” and “gimme’s.” Santa—
Harry Garnet in civilian life—heard not one word of
what the child was saying. Santa was too busy think-
ing about his own plans for Christmas.

If the information given him by a certain
greedy, but very unbrave clerk in the accounting
department was reliable, Santa would very shortly
be a very rich man. Earlier that day Harry had
tendered a five dollar bill to the seedy actor origin-
ally hired for the role of Santa by the personnel de-
partment. In exchange for this gift, the actor had
gladly agreed to forego the doubtful pleasure of
playing Santa for one afternoon. Taking Harry’s
money, he quickly departed for Clancy’s Bar to cele-
brate the Xmas season in a more adult manner.

Harry’s five dollar bill was an investment which
would pay blue-ribbon dividends if everything went
according to plan. It seems that the money gathered
from the purses and wallets of the shoppers travelled
along little conveyor belts to a secluded balcony. No
individual cash registers were used in the store and
all receipts were centrally controlled. After passing
through the hands of the clerks concerned, the money
was placed in a small room at the far end of the ac-
counting department. This room had no windows.
Its one door was securely locked and guarded by a
burly detective who possessed the only key. After
closing time two armed messengers escorted the
money to the night depository of the local bank and
watched it slide down the chute into the vault. Cnee
there, it became lost forever to such as Harry Garnet,
and became the property of stock-holders and capital
accounts. 

Once on the job, Harry quickly discovered that
his information was correct. Although the cashroom
was impregnable from the front, it provided easy
access for a man of wit, courage, and dishonest in-
tentions—a description which fitted Harry Garnet
to a literal "T."

It seems that the back wall of the money-room
abutted a normally unused storage room. However,
this room had been pressed into service as a tempor-
ary restroom for the toy department’s Santa Claus.
Having disposed of the original St. Nick, Harry Gar-
net had brought along to work a well-fitted bag of
highly specialized tools, and slipped into the room.
He had donned the disguising costume and taken his
place on Santa’s throne without attracting undue at-
tention.

He had given only a brief glance at the wall
which adjoined the cashroom. Just enough to see
that it could be easily broken through during one of
his normal fifteen minute rest periods. He was per-
mitted to take such a break every hour and a half,
and now his first tour of duty had come to an end.
Harry swiftly displaced a loudly protesting child
from his lap, and left the floor. He strode anxiously
toward the restroom, ignoring the cries of the kids
behind him.

In the little room Harry took off the tasseled cap
and started to strip off the smothering beard. A
sound from behind him interrupted this process, and
he quickly turned around. Seated upon the can-
vas cot he found a tearful youngster of about seven
or cight who regarded him with wide, expectant eyes.

Tugging his partially dislocated beard back into
place, Harry asked gruffly, “What are you doing
here?”

“Waiting for you,” answered the kid. He wiped
his nose with a well used sleeve.

“Me? I don’t know you.”

The youngster’s chin quivered. He said weakly,
“I know. That’s why I came to see you. I just had to
see you before you left for the North Pole.”

Despite his irritation at the interference, Harry
smiled: North Pole eh? Yeah, thats right. I'll be
flying up any day now.”

“ah-huh. So I came to see you here.”

Harry asked, “Why didn’t you come to see me
in Playland during office hours like the other kids?”

The boy hesitated, then said, “Oh, you mean
while youre working. Well, gee, your assistants
won’t let any kids climb into your lap unless their
parents are along. My parents aren’t.”

“Aren’t what?”

“Aren't along," he answered. “So anyhow, I
just had to see you about that bike I wanted. I just
had to!"

Harry looked at his watch. Five minutes of the
rest period had already been wasted. He couldn’t
afford any more time. The wall might be tougher to
break through than he thought. “O.K.,” he growled.

“So you saw me. Now you’d better get your Mom
and Pop and wait outside.”

The kid was not to be put off. He protested, “I
can't! I can’t, I told you. My parents aren’t here.”

For the first time Harry noticed that the boy
wasn’t wearing any heavy clothing. Whereas the
other children had all been swaddled in layers of
bulky clothing to protect them from the cold of the
street, this kid was wearing only a shirt and short
pants.

He asked, “How’d you get in here, anyhow?”

“Walked in,” answered the kid.

“Don’t get smart, boy,” warned Harry. “I mean
how’d you get into the store?”

“My Daddy brought me this morning. He al-
ways does during Christmas. He works here.” He
added proudly, “My Daddy’s a private-eye!”

Harry gasped. “He’s a what?”

“You know—a detective,” answered the kid.
“He works for the store, and they let me play in Toy-
land. Only, gee, I can’t talk to Santa. But, I’m talk-
ing to him now, ain’t I?”

“You sure are,” answered Harry. “Keep right
on chattering, little pigeon. Let me hear more.”

“About my Daddy? He’s all right, I guess. Only
he doesn’t believe in you. He says Santas are only
broken down actors who use us kids to help the store
take money out of working peoples’ pockets.”

Harry momentarily forgot his true role. His
face grew red. “He does, does he?”

“Yep! That’s why he wouldn’t come along when
I wanted to talk to you outside. Besides, he was too
busy.”

The word “busy” reminded Harry of his mission,
and he said sternly, "O.K., kid, run along now. I'm
pretty busy, too."

“You'll bring me the bike? You won’t forget?”

“Sure, I'll bring you the bike. Now move out,”
answered Harry.

The kid walked to the door. “All right, I want
to watch Daddy anyhow. He’s going to catch a big
crook this afternoon.” 

Harry grabbed the boy’s arm. “Whoa! Come
here, kid.”

He sat down on the cot and put the kid carefully
on his lap. He wrapped a brotherly arm around the
boy and gave out with his boisterous laugh to im-
press the kid with his Santa-like qualities. He said
sottly, “So your Daddy’s going to catch a big crook.
How’s he going to do that?”

“Well, this morning he arrested a man who
works here, and the man told Daddy that a bad man
was going to rob the money. So, Daddy’s sitting
right in the room with the money. He’s got a big
gun, too. Did you ever see a big gun, Santa?”

“Huh? Oh. . . of course not,” answered Harry,
wiping his suddenly sweating brow. He thought for
a moment. “Do you know what room the money’s in,
kid?”

“Sure, it’s right next door. Right through that
wall there.” The boy sprang to his feet. “I’ll bet if I
kicked on the wall, Daddy would hear me.”

Harry snatched the kid away from the vicinity
of the wall. "Hold it, boy. We don’t want to disturb
your father while he’s playing flatfoot, do we?”

“Do you have TV in the North Pole, Santa?”
asked the boy.

“What’s that got to do with the subject?” asked
Harry.

The boy laughed. “I don’t know, but you talk
like the TV sometimes.”

Harry didn’t bother with an answer. He was
busy thinking. Somebody had gotten wind that
something was going to be pulled off. Right now the
jerk who had introduced him to this whole deal was
probably sitting in some cooler. The jerk had prob-
abbly talked his head off, and to catch him in the act
a store detective was perched right in the room with
the dough. Probably had his gun pointed right at
the wall waiting for Harry to poke his head through
for a target.

No, Harry decided, he couldn’t afford to satisfy
his sense of curiousity under such confining cireum-
stances. The deal was definitely off. The sooner he
got rid of this monkey-suit and scrammed, the better
off Mrs. Garnet’s little boy would be.

“O.K., kid, you’d better get along now,” he said.
“I'll see you Christmas.”

Having extracted this promise, the boy left the
room. Afterward the floor manager informed the
personnel department that Santa Claus had disap-
peared. He had left behind only a rather cryptic note
stating that he had departed for the North Pole
where the climate was healthier.

Thus, there was no grand larceny committed at
Lacy’s Department Store that Christmas week. How-
ever, in the rush and excitement of the Xmas season,
a large, deluxe model bicycle was somehow misplaced
and never found again.

P.S.—It wasn’t noised about, but one of Lacy’s
store detectives was later embarrassed when his boy
found a similar bike on the front porch on Christmas
morning. How could he any longer deny the exis-
tence of a real Santa Claus?
