---
id: "523"
title: "For the Defense"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FOR THE DEFENSE
by JAMES "Mike" SMITH

The “Letters to the Editor” columns of the vari-
ous papers available to us in prison are regarded by
many as a cross-sectional view of the current public
opinion on matters of the day. Although somewhat
slanted by editorial selection, these columns never-
theless represent the feelings of John Q. Citizen, and
must be respected as the voice of society in general.
Having accepted them as such, we necessarily view
with disappointment such an example as the follow-
ing:

“The slogan, ‘Help the Retarded,’ represents
the spirit of present-day America. We devote our
energies to such policies as aiding immoral girls bear-
ing illegitimate children, providing public housing
and relief, pampering delinquents, caring for the
hopelessly insane and feeble-minded, and supplying
free board and lodging for criminals. Our misguided
kindness results in overflowing jails and institutions,
erime-ridden streets, and evergrowing slums. In
America today we have begun to lower and degrade
the human race.

“The Russians ruthlessly ferret out people who
are not serving the state, round up criminals, dis-
sidents, and individuals too lazy to work, ship them
off to slave labor camps to die. Instead of relief
checks to drones, the payments go to the finest and
most promising students.

“The laws of nature are inexorable, the survival
of the nation developing the best people certain!”

This piece of diatribe was signed, “Lonely
Voice.”

It is our belief that the author of the above note
would be lonely in any civilized community, not just
the United States. The animals of the world have
been operating on the sole theory of the “survival of
the fittest” since life began, and to this date have not
escaped from their original role as animals. _Per-
haps man is yet only an animal of another form, but
he is essentially, and proudly, a sociai animal, and
has attained his present status because of, not in
spite of, his civilized attitude toward his fellowmen.
It may seem ironic for a prisoner to write of “civil-
ized attitudes,” but his past lapse of conduct does not
necessarily make him blind to the requirements of
society.

From a “Letter to the Editor” of a New York
newspaper, we quote the following:

“Despite the good wishes of psychiatrists and
sociologists, prisons are built to punish and deter
others. They are not areas of social redemption and
it is very questionable whether they reform. The
proportion of repeaters is as discouraging as it con-
vineing. It is one thing to interview a felon in an
office, but quite another to mect him in a dark alley
when he is hard up for cash.

“It is about time we showed more sympathy for
the victim who is brutally beaten, or blinded for life,
or shot to death. He had no chance—legal or moral.
He got no psychiatric aid, no mercy. And we worry
about felons’ feelings in jail. Let them eat trash, and
live worse than pigs. Perhaps they would show no
desire to return.”

The first few sentences of the above letter led
us to believe that the writer was a thinking man a-
bout to present us with some constructive sugges-
tions toward reducing crime and the high rate of
criminal repeaters. Upon reading further we were
disappointed to find that the truths of his opening
statement were merely an introduction to the vindic-
tive ery for a “get tough” policy which can never im-
prove the situation.

We agree completely that prisons are at present
built to punish; that they are not areas of social re-
demption; that it is questionable whether they re-
form; and that the proportion of repeaters is both
discouraging and convincing. We go along with the
feeling that the victim is really the only one entitled
to sympathy.

Further we cannot agree. Setting aside our per-
sonal feelings about “Eating trash and living worse
than pigs,” we have seen demonstrated throughout
the history of crime and criminals the futilities of
such a policy. The idea that ill-treatment in prison
will keep a man out of prison in the future has been
disproved many times. Brutality can only produce
more brutality and more innocent victims of crim-
inals now driven by revenge as well as whatever mo-
tive originally made them turn to crime.

The progressive methods sponsored by psychi-
atrists and sociologists are under indictment as fatl-
ures by many citizens. However, as seen by a sub-
ject of such treatment, their failure lies not in the
method, but in the lack of cooperation beyond the
bounds of the local authority of the psychiatrists and
sociologists coneerned. Their work within prisons
can only produce healthy results and statistics
through the cooperation of other authorities and the
public at large. Therapy within a prison can only
ignite within the prisoner a desire to reform, it can-
not answer for the cancellation of this spark by the
antagonistic attitudes of others.

Office meetings between felons and the repre-
sentives of free society should not be regarded as a
place where peace treaties are signed, or a surrender-
ing of the rights of society, but as an opportunity to
reach the man who lives at the core of every criminal.
Perhaps with proper follow-through such mectings
would lessen greatly the chance of more dangerous
meetings in dark alleyways.

A different type of letter was written by G.
Richard Bacon of the Pennsylvania Prison Society,
and brought forth an editorial response from the
newspaper concerned. We quote:

“Your editorial ‘Contrast in Pardons’
touches a controversial subject of great importance
to our state. .,. . However, it seems particularly im-
portant that any discussion should be based on accur-
ate statements of fact.

“Your statement that ‘during the Leader Admin-
istration the occasion was rare, indeed, when a peti-
tion for commutation of a murderer’s life sentence
was turned down’ is in striking contrast with pub-
lished figures. For the year 1958, commutation of
life sentence to make applicant eligible for release
was granted in 29 cases or 23% of a total of 126 cases.

“Your statement that a life term up to this year
in Pennsylvania ‘was something like 16 years’ is
questioned in the heht of the official figure of 18.5
years.

In answering this charge of inaccurate report-
ing, the Editor stated, “The overstatement does not
nullify the theme, that pardons used to be much more
readily obtainable.”

Such a reply is a graphic demonstration of an
attitude which often leads to a sometimes frightening
distortion of facts, and a subsequent completely false
impression upon the unsuspecting reader. “The over-
statement does not nullify the theme!” Using such
a philosophy as a basis for our reasoning it would be
perfectly proper for us to say, “All editors are irre-
sponsible.” In defending this position we could then
deny that the obvious overstatement nullifies the
theme that some editors are irresponsible.

Speaking of newspapers, the comic¢ pages prob-
ably have more popular appeal than any other feat-
ure. For this reason we were pleased to find that
Messrs. Dallis and Heilman, creators of the “Judge
Parker” comic strip, have taken up the question of
the complex relationship between the parolee and the
community.

From past reading we have found that the
“Judge Parker" strip can be depended upon, not
merely for amusement, but also information and en-
lightenment concerning many of the social problems
of the day. Perhaps their efforts will in this instance
affect the thinking of many readers unreached by
other channels of communication. We must admit to
our personal curiosity as to what the future holds in
store for their latest protagonist, the parolee. What-
ever the resolution, we wish to compliment Mr. Dallis
and Mr. Heilman for their efforts in this area.

Upon this note, the defense rests its case, keep-
ing an eye upon the prosecution until our next issue.
