---
id: "524"
title: "Little Echoes of Time"
author: "MYERS, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
LITTLE ECHOES
OF TIME

BY HENRY MYERS

After reading an article of mine, one of my as-
sociate editors observed: “Hank, youre against
things.”

Now this is true, I am against things. In my
writings this soon becomes evident; so why don't I
do something about it—why don’t I write FOR
thines?

To begin I am a prisoner. I am imprisoned and
imprisonment has never been nor ever will be synon-
ymous with good things.

Yet there are days when I find laughter bub-
bling in my throat and there is a good thing taking
place, for my friends are sharing this moment of
well-being with me, laughing together at the humor
that has touched us.

So, if I am to find a good thing behind these
walls, something to write for, I must not look at the
ereyness of the walls, or the steel that cages me, nor
the miserly bit of blue sky God gives to prisoners.
But rather, look into the eyes of others and let what
is in my heart touch the well-spring of theirs, and
thus a good thing will have come and gone, leaving
its mark upon our minds so we may remember the
goodness we have known.

I must not look down the corridors of time that
we must walk for this leads to madness; but yet to
remember, even as I walk, that I do not walk alone,
my friends travel the selfsame path with me.

I must look in all the not so obvious places of our
secular existence to see the good about me, to write
FOR it, to relate it to you.

I HAVE SEEN a man, due to be discharged,
take hold of his friend who may never go home, and
for a short while they held each other’s hand. I ‘saw
the panorama of years long past come into their eyes,
the fear and hunger were there in the glisten of an
unshed tear. And the one who must remain smiled
and said: “Good luck, Charley.”

This is good and in a small measure—Holy, too.

O O O

A BROKEN LOCK caught my eye while passing
time in aimless stroll. I guess you could say that,
since it was broken, 1t was a bad lock. But to me its
being broken made it a good lock, a lock which could
not lock, and this I felt was a symbol of goodness to
come.

O O O

THE DAILY PAPERS have an important niche
in our everyday, pass-a-day life.

While reading “The Publisher Speaks’. by
Ksther Klein, publisher of The Philadelphia Jewish
Times, a small knot of nostalgia and pride welled up
in me. Mrs. Klein wrote: “Our founding Father
towerlng over us is a reassuring sight from our mae-
nificent airport. All the modern facilities and ultra-
new conveniences for air travel add to an impressive
departure, but Lealways faze Wp au sune so tumans
William Penn statue for the final salute.”

“Our founding Father," truly a wonderful
phrase. That OUR encompasses all of us who enjoy
the goodness in the fellowship of man. It makes me
feel like a wee black sheep in a big family. Kind of
brings home what Harry Golden meant when he
wrote “Only In America.”

O O O


IN MY LIFETIME I have observed many juries,
some good—some bad. Here we have all the good
guys come to mete justice to the bad guys. Here are
the peers, regardless of their ignorance of the law,
our peers. Regardless of their inability to cope with
their own mundane headaches, here they come as
peers to decide on life or death.

The concept of Trial by Jury is basically sound,
it is even beautiful. To have the right to stand before
humble citizens and be judged seems such a fine way
to measure our merits. The only snag in this reason-
ing is that the Juries, citizens or peers, are human
and by nature endowed with all the weaknesses,
ignorances and foibles of the human intellect.

Now, in this Nuclear Age, we might come up
with an Atomic Automatic Truth Reader, a machine
eapable of reading the minds of men determining
true guilt or innocence. Pity the poor lawyers and
prosecutors then, for they would have to take a
course in mechanies and probably be classified Chief
Oiler for the State, and Push Button for the Defense.

Of course, if we take the other bend in the road
and this miracle energy is used to blast Mother Harth
to ashes, the all Great Judgement will come, and
their will be no one to weep if God in his goodness
does not smile.

O O O

A FELLOW WORKER spoke of the rumbles of
trouble prison breeds, and trouble in prison can be
pretty awtul. He said: “They don’t pay off for guts
in here. Sure, belting some wise guy out doesmt take
any particular intelligence or effort for that matter,
but what does it get me? I have one person going to
bat for me, my Mother. She’s not wealthy, far from
it. But she’d put everything she has on the line for
me. What kind of animal am I if I let her down by
playing the bad role?”

This was a good thing and a pleasure to the ears,
to hear a man speak so humbly of his Mother.

O O O

WHEN WE SPEAK of good, we are wont to
speak of Father Washington who is seen so often
around this institution that he has taken on the ap-
pearance of a fixture, so much so that at times we
are apt to forget the good he is ever doing for the
men here at Cherry Hull.

Father Washington is ever faithful to the men
here at Eastern, often making timely visits to pris-
oners’ families to iron out some pressing difficulty,
or perhaps to ease an inmate’s worry over not having
heard from home for a lenethy time. What ever the
problem, Father Washington can be counted on to
oive that wonderful bit of needed physical relief as
well as spiritual guidance the men need. The boys
in our Craft Shops know Father Washington well,
for they have given him all manner of handicraft
items to distribute for them—this he has done will-
ingly.

Through his never failing, untiring efforts, this
true follower of Jesus Christ will surely find his just
reward. His name will be etched in the great book of
life as in the hearts of prisoners who know him.

We invite our readers to meet Father Washing-
ton in this issue’s Chaplains’ Page.

O O O

THERE IS GOODNESS in some of the Keepers,
too, but this is very hard to recognize because we are
the caged and they the cagers. I have heard them ex-
claim in exasperation at the useless holding of a man
long after the wrong he had done was paid for but,
their voices were muted. I have heard them cry out
against the needlessness of punishment for punish-
ment’s sake, but again their voices were lost in the
echo chamber of higher authority.

O O O

NOW AND THEN acts of innate goodness re-
veal themselves, helping to dispel the mythical
“oore”’ ereated by ever-present misconceptions of
prisons today. I have been privileged to witness:

Something awfully big as well as’ good in a
brawny murderer rolling up his sleeves to give blood
on his own volition.

The sincerity and devotion to purpose so evident
in the letters of Mrs. Dorothy W. Scheer, the tireless
worker for understanding.

The new man looking through the visiting room
screen at his young wife, pained expressions distort-
ing their features. And her words when parting:
"I'll wait, I'll Wait."

Early Christmas Mass with the Manger and the
tree flanking the altar as Father McHugh intones the
words of worship celebrating Christ’s birth. His
words and incense wafting out over the men who, all
in like attire, are also one in the beauty of thought.

The feeling of well-being and good will display-
ed by men who, though imprisoned, are free with
their good wishes.
