---
id: "525"
title: "The Saga of the Penal Press"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by L. J. BIANCONE
PPA CORRESPONDENT

The Saga
of the
Penal Press

(Second in a series of three articles)

(PPA Dispatch) Eastern Penitent-
iary, Phila., Pa—As we go on “ghosting”
The Saga of the Penal Press, it is rather
significant to note that while it made its
auspicious debut at the turn of the cen-
tury more or less as an enlightened pen
ological stratagem, designed to relieve
the monotony in the unvaried curriculum
of prison routine, its primary function
today is of a somewhat different nature.

In addition to its therapeutic as-
peets, with the advent of modern penolo-
gy in the last decade, it has been estab-
lished and generally understood that the
primary purpose of prison journalism is
to build a bridge of understanding be-
tween the mainland of free society and
the inmate’s island. No less a widely
recognized theorist as Dr. Walter A.
Lunden of Iowa State College, gives this
popular and intelligent view: “The objec-
tive has been to establish a better under-
standing between the prison and the pub-
lic by means of printed words. Here,
then, is the ultimate and overall reason
for prison publications, to help the public
appreciate life inside the prison and
surmount the high wall of misunderstand-
ing.”

Therefore, all else must now be con-
sidered as secondary and only incidental
thereto. It is with that thought in mind
that’ we unfoid, this, the second install-
ment of the story of the captive press.

The physical construction of any
bridge requires an assortment of skills—
architectural and mechanical—to trans-
form the detailed drawings of the drafts-
men into useful reality. Building the
“bridge of understanding’’ is much the
Same; and as is true of any project
undertaking, there are always certain
hazards and safeguards to be regarded.

Within pretty wide limits, the
“bridge’’ rises or falls on the ability of
one man—the construction superintend-
ent; or more succinetly, the editor-in-
chief. Notwithstanding the lack of mat-
erial and resources, lesser publications—
whether in prison or on the open market
—are edited by lesser editors whose only
interest is in pampering a personal
pride. When this happens the safety of
the “bridge’’ is threatened—scaffolds
weaken, guy-lines slacken, and invariably
some unsuspecting fellow-workers are lost
in the turbulent sea of official discipline.
The concomitant result is all too obvious
—the “bridge” comes down to the editor’s
level; and retards progress all along the
line, from Maine to California.

As Aron M. Mathieu, business man-
ager of the Writers Digest, and widely
recognized publishing authority, says:
“A good editor is part messiah and, since
he needs to have a lot of people dancing
his tune, he is a part honky-tonk guy, be-
cause crowds douw’t follow straight Bach.”
He was not speaking of prison journal-
ism, of course, but doesn’t that fact eq-
ually, if not more so, apply to the captive
press?

Figuratively speaking, a prison ed-
itor must have a more sensitive regard
for his fellow-men than they do for him.
It is a kind of human relations sort of
thing impelled by a mature mind. If
they feel, the editor feels more. If they
hurt, he cries for them. If their eyes
moisten, he is bathed in tears. He has
no time for poetry with sick rhythms and
rancid rhymes. He’s too busy communi-
cating ideas—taking up the slack in the
line, replacing an inferior half-hitch with
a substantial bowline; striving to make
every published word a fraction better
than it otherwise would be.

Above all the editor must have The
Word. What is The Word? In the pub-
lishing business outside, it varies because
the competitors are not working on the
same ‘‘bridge.’’ In prison journalism,
however, it never varies; The Word is al-
ways the same and it is always there—
clear and bright and loud to every ear,
like a trumpet scaring over a band:
“To speak FOR rather than TO the pris-
oner, and include the outside reader in
the conversation.”

An editor without The Word is in a
heap of trouble. For as Mathieu says,
(if we may paraphrase) “He is like a
manufacturer about to go into receiver-
ship or bankruptcy, or like a pedestrian
turned loose on the Indianapolis Speed-
way on Memorial Day.” Hither way,
you’ve had it!

“Lucky is the editor,’’ says Mathieu,
“who has a ‘pusher’ (a Jim Morrison) an
assistant of wit and energy who tries to
lead rather than follow him.” (And skill-
ed in the science of graphic arts). Gocd
editorial staffs are rife with intellectual
feuds (never personal grudgings) that
tear apart the forthcoming edition so
the editor may better make a decision.
For editorial decisions are never made by
a ‘rigged’’ jury. He has the last word
and suffers all consequences of every
published word. Once he dodges this fact,
it is time . . . well, what is a better word
for editor-hunting?

Who selects editors? With few ex-
ceptions, the keeper of the keys on recom-
mendations made by the educational de-
partment and the administrative staff.
To allow inmates to select editors is com-
parable to permitting the state’s witness
to sit in a jury box in a criminal trial.
The more successful editors are invar-
iably screened by the educational depart-
ment, who know his competency and char-
acter by dealing directly with it on a
daily basis. This does not mean, however,
that inmates are not competent to do
their own intellectual thinking. To the
contrary, most of them are—when they
want to. But who is to determine when?
Of course, these are other serious inroads
to be considered, and therefore adminis-
trative matters are best left in the hands
of those more suited to the calling. Then,
and only then, one knows where the ulti-
mate responsibility lies. For what is an
editor without a publisher? Further,
would it be too presumptious to assume—
as we Shall soon see—that the prison
journal is a typical reflection of adminis-
trative policy?

According to Herman K. Spector,
official librarian of San Quentin Prison
for more than a decade, The Penal Press
is roughly divided into three groups.
“First," he says, “we have those under
complete and rigid control of the admin-
istration ... printing Little more than
official news of the institution and dull
platitudes in the form of editorials.

“On a higher scale," he observes,
“are the magazines which add to the diet,
morsels of fiction, humor and comment,
but under strict censorship rule to pre-
vent the appearance of what the Jap-
anese call “wrong thoughts."

“At the top,” he says rather glow-
ingly,” are periodicals entirely free from
official pressure. They alone,” he adds,
"have genuine sparkle and vitality, and
generate in the inmate population real
interest and support.”

The librarian—no Johnny-come-late-
ly—goes on to say that lesser journals
depend on the personal column for reader
interest. The personal “briefs” he al-
ludes to can be readily demonstrated by
an invention of the moment: ‘‘Big Joe
in cell block 50 (we feel safe with that
number) got his lips burnt blowing hot
trumpet—some scorcher, eh Joe?” Such
briefs are popular among some inmates
because they are like some politicians to
whom a bad press is better than none.
Just what this adds to the “bridge” is
difficult to determine even by the more
initiate. All that is known, however, is
the fact that they bask in the temporary
notoriety conferred and strut among their
fellows as benefactors whose little tricks
have helped to brighten ‘‘gloomy” days.
In short, the personals are as clear to the
inmate as a Broadway column is to the
initiate.

According to our enlightened source,
as one ascends the scale from the anemic
to the full-blooded publications, the per-
sonals decrease in importance and give
way to “genuine news of the institution,
written straight.” "Exchange columns,’’
he says, ‘‘are almost universally a species
of genial back-slapping.’’ This amounts
to little more than—I like your magazine
Charlie, hope you like ours, too. This of
course, harms no one and helps the ex-
change editor who might be short on
morale, if nothing else! “Humor, most
often jejune and lackluster," Mr. Spector
says, “fills more space in the weaker
publications.’’ He describes the poetry
that is published in all publications, with
one exception, as ‘‘a dull reflection of
the Service or Guest school." The ex-
ception noted is a women’s magazine,
(would-be impersonators take note) the
Eagle of the Federal Reformatory at Al-
derson, “which prints more verse and bet-
ter than most of the men’s papers.’’ At
the very top, the outstanding magazines
in the whole field, the Atlantian, New
Era both Federal institutions, and The
Presidio of Iowa State Penitentiary,
make better use of photographs than any
other journal, few having the finances,
skill and/or liberty to include them.

Mr. Spector explains that inmate
publications, with few exceptions, live on
slender budgets and the editorial staff
must use frequent stratagems to stretch
the funds at their disposal. “Where par-
simony does not rule,’ he says, “maga-
zines of exceptional quality issue from
the institution.’?’ He adds, that this is
true of most Federal institutions under
the policy set by Director James V. Ben-
nett. “The results of this encourage-
ment,’’ he explains, “are startling, for
as a class, the publications of the Federal
prisons are outstanding in the freedom
given the editors, the interest shown in
the magazine by the inmates and the
quality of the papers? Mr. Spector
further points out that the Atlantian has
grown from an anemic sheet, insipidly
named Good Words, to a lusty full-
blooded, self-confident bi-monthly, ‘‘eag-
er to take on all comers.’’ He adds, “it
is a slick-paper job, marked by good typo-
graphy and layout, and holding within its
covers a consistently well-balanced serv-
ing of reading matter.’’ He attributes
the excellence of this publication to the
talent available at Atlanta—including
former staff members of demonstrated
ability as “Red” Rudensky, Dick Jordan
and Bob Patterson—and the liberal pol-
icy of both the institution and the Fed-
eral Bureau of Prisons.

By virtue of his position, Mr. Spect-
or has come to know prisoners first hand.
He observes “. . . they are not the type
made familiar to the average reader by
newspaper cartoons—bristling hair grow-
ing over a receding forehead almost to
heavy eyebrows, small eyes crowding a
flat nose and loose lips barely covering
fang-like teeth’ Therein lies a tale of
public dis-service in the form of yellow
journalism, for it not only incites preju-
dice in the public mind, but hinders the
progress of sound prison administration.

“Actually," he says, “they are a
strangely normal-looking group.” Because
of the lush growth of statutory crimes,
he explains, ‘‘prisoners come from an in-
creasingly broader wedge of society,
and are no longer only the uneducated
misfits who can be classified and treated
in groups.’’ Mr. Spector further points
out, that in trying to remake offenders,
“prisons nowhere have approached the
ideal as it exists in Samuel Butler’s
Erewhon—of treating them as sick men
come to a hospital; but in the use of new
methods and individual approaches, con-
siderable progress has been made toward
the ideal of curing prisoners of their ills
and remaking their personalities. ”

To off-set or invalidate much of the
sensationalism in the vast public com-
munications media, some prison journals
resort to photo-journalism with consider-
able success. For concientious adminis-
trators are increasingly cognizant of the
fact that even a limited amount of photo-
journalism wisely utilized, does more to
dispel ancient prejudices than columns
of words more or less buried in seas of
gray. Journeyman “bridgemen,’’ (though
hardly considered photo-genic) do not
hesitate to pose even with the most “de-
spised’’ correctional officer. For they
are mentally mature enough to rid them-
Selves of personal bias in favor of intel-
lectual bias. Further, there is always the
possibility the “screw” of today may be-
come the vital “rivet” in the span of to-
morrow. It has not infrequently happen-
ed. Chances are he wasn’t a bad guy,
after all! Let’s face it. Inmates can get
pretty sick at times... and are a long
way ‘‘come to a hospital.” The writer,
admittedly is no exception!

Percy L. Lainson, former warden of
Iowa State Penitentiary for 16 years,
who was recently elevated to a higher
post in the field of corrections, has fre-
quently permitted his inmates to be
photographed even with local citizens who
take an active interest in the institution’s
rehabilitation program. As a matter of
fact, no less than 55 (that’s right, 55)
cuts or prints appeared in the Presidio’s
May, 1959 edition. What bridgemen!

Considered by many, if not all, of its
competitors in an all-time high of some
250 publications as the nation’s foremost
walled-in monthly, The Presidio has cele-
brated its 25th consecutive year of pub-
lishing, and enjoys a circulation in excess
of 5000 paid domestic and foreign sub-
scribers. The excellence of this maga-
zine—no less a slick-paper job than the
Atlantian—stems from the keen insight
of former Warden Lainson and the talent
of well-motivated inmates available at
the Fort Madison prison. For what other
masthead could billboard the uneaptured
souls of former captive scribes of ingen-
ious and demonstrated ability as the late
Tom Runyon, Lee Sweeney, Clark Nejed-
ly, Jack Vandermyn, Bob Neese, and
others too numerous to mention? Of this
illustrious group, no prison scribe would
hesitate to single out Tom Runyon as the
most outstanding. For it was he who
actually gave The Word, passed it along
the line where it was picked up, echoed,
resounded, and implemented; often with
agonizing, grief and sacrifice, but with
no regrets. For bridgemen grow 10 feet:
tall with the least suspicion of it, and the
pains and pleasures of it just now take
hold as mere memories.

Tom Runyon was a lifer who defies
description, and it would be almost sac-
riligious to disturb the grave of a man
who gave so much to so many for so little
in return. It is suffice only to say, that
after nearly a quarter of a century of
eontinous imprisonment, he died (not
passed away, for in death there is life)
peacefully in his sleep. It was the most
gruesome “execution” in recorded “get-
tough” penology.

Since the writer expects to pass
through the gigantic waterless lock in
reverse by the time this installment ap-
pears in print, he would beg his readers’
indulgence in sharing the views of Tom
Runyon in a brief paragraph:

“I've never seen a man I thought
wholly bad, and I hope I never meet him.
Similarly, I've never seen a man I
thought wholly good, and frankly I don’t
want to!”

The current editors of The Presidio
show much promise and ingenuity in
maintaining the prestige it so richly de-
serves— the light of that great writing
fraternity—THE PENAL PRESS.

(Last in a series of three articles)

(PPA Dispatch) Eastern Penitentiary,
Phila., Pa.—Whether by accident or de-
sign—censored or uncensored—the Penal
Press, viewed as a whole, currently re-
flects a rather unique candid picture of
an isolated and sorely neglected segment
of humanity which no other mass media
of communication can, equal. Regardless
of what you have read or seen elsewhere
of a typical penitentiary, you have yet to
be introduced to the real drama of life
within those walls if you have not availed
yourself to the rendering of the captive
seribes.

Most people, of course, are familiar
with the Hollywood and T.V. version of
life behind bars; or have actually seen
the high walls with grim gun towers as
they sped by in a ear or train. But what
are these views—fanciful and fleeting as
they are—compared to the panoramic
view of the captive press, which—from
Maine to California—Canada to Latin
America—conducts you on a _ periodic
page by page tour, as it were, deep with-
in the bowels of the typical prison?

Beginning with the first page, you
are literally escorted through a gigantic
waterless lock, and as one massive steel
gate clangs shut behind you before a sec-
ond or third opens to let you through,
you begin to share that sense of mental
suffocation and physical constraint that
affects some people in caves and minds.
Beyond the last gate lie grassless, treeless
courtyards, packed hard by countless
tramping feet which carry their owners
nowhere. Around you glower many-win-
dowed or sky-lghted cell blocks, housing
within, like bell-jars over honeycombs,
tiers upon tiers of steel-doored cubicles.
In some remote corner to itself, stands
the “hole” or punishment bloek—which
may also include the ‘‘death house’ ’—
with its long approaches in full view of
the men destined to occupy it. As you
turn the page, perhaps nearby you will
observe the photographer’s three dimen-
sional view of some real antiques—cen-
tury-old masonary bastiles with windows
like a donjon keep.

As you read on thinking more
about whether this type of prison is a fin-
ishing school where experts compare and
polish illicit skills, or a salvage plant to
rebuild wrecked citizenship, you see and
feel all this and more. And you are not
satisfied. For on the opposite page you
observe hundreds of prisoners—who just
happen to be people clad in prison garb—
strolling around an area, or just standing
or squatting with vacant stares in a scene
of desperate idleness.

You soon learn—edition by edition—
that there is not enough work to go a-
round the shops; that the prison school
has inadequate facilities, and only enough
instructors to take a few men at a time;
that some times two or more men are
sleeping in cells adequate for only one;
and most important, perhaps, the indivi-
dual counseling and classification service
is well-intentioned but dangerously under-
staffed.

Graphically illustrated in a cartoon
—jocular and cryptic—you observe an
over-wrought medic furiously dispensing
tranquilizers to a fomenting human pow-
der keg equipped with a political “get-
tough policy" fuse. The caption poig-
nantly reads, “This is one mistake old
Saw-bones can’t bury!’’ The "country
club" picture focused on your mental
screen is blasted out of perspective with
a good belly-laugh, and you don’t know
whether to call your T.V. repairman or
Yenew one or more of your subseriptions
to get a clearer picture. You finally de-
cide on the latter and read on...

Now for the first time, you begin to
see and sense some of the whys and
wherefores behind prison revolts. like
those in New Jersey, Michigan, and the
comparitively recent machine gun-bazoo-
ka abbreviated uprising in Montana.

The open sesame is an inquiring
mind. You get embroiled in a measure
of punishment as a crime deterrent—a
deterrent to influence those who have
not yet run afoul of the law. That is to
say, editorially, that the certainty rather
than the severity of punishment should be
the governing or controlling principle.
In any event, you are not satisfied be-
cause you know men can not be rehabili-
tated with a bread and water diet, sweat
boxes, dipping barrels, rubber hoses, and
of course, unconscionable prison terms.

By the time you get to the center
fold, you learn something of prisonization
—a form of human assimilation with
strange aspects. A number replaces a
name, and the prisoner becomes an anon-
ymous figure among his own exiled kind.
He is frequently questioned and searched.
Daily relationships become impersonal,
and his social enviornment, more often
than not, resembles a community of “I"
and "mine" rather than "him" and 
“theirs.” Fortunately, however, not every
man becomes prisonized beyond redemp-
tion, but all are subject to its influence.
Lucky is the man who escapes it. For
the population of a typical prison is di-
vided into cliques and groups. Each man
is classified by his fellow-man, and ae-
quires a status in terms of his reaction to
a given situation. Association with one
particular type results in a suspicion of
like tendencies; not wholly without justi-
fication.

Like the ancient and wise professor
of sociology, you begin to wonder whether
the old “country club” is not in fact a
Seraglio destined to make the Dbibical
cities of ruin look like one-horse towns.
For you can not accept the theory that
tattoed earrings and pink shoe laces are
stylish in prison. This is an old hat, of
course, because you have read it all in
Shakespeare—under regimented tuition!

However, like reading Shakespeare
measure for measure—much depends on
your point of view. If you believe the
“Big House’’ (or Seraglio!) is perform-
ing its function in keeping men confined
for decades at a time that they may suf-
fer to the point of “durance valle”? einndl
thus scares potential wrong-doers into the
ways of righteousness, then you may be
satisfied.

But you are a taxpayer with a vital
stake in this matter, and therefore prefer
to check the pages of vital statistics first.
Accordingly, you find that some 95 per-
cent of these hapless creatures—whether
you like it or not—are sooner or later ve-
leased; that your tax-dollars have been
supporting a losing proposition at the
rate of some 60 percent; that this 60 per-
cent represents the national average, ac-
cording to the FBI, who return to prison ;
and even worse, they are masters at beat-
ing you at your own game of retribution.
Thus, the psychological impact upon so-
ciety must be fatal.

Steaming under your cotton pickin’
literary collar, you wonder how a law-
abiding citizen like you ever got duped
into the greatest fraud of the 20th cen-
tury. Who’s to blame? Every one who
grunts approval when a criminal is thus
taken out of society for safekeeping, but
who gives no thought to what that man
will be ike—and others he has contamin-
ated by his influence—when he eventually
becomes a member of the 95 percent fra-
ternity—with a vengeance.

How easy it was to have imagined
some special heritage of human woe and
called it theirs!

TO SPEAK FOR RATHER THAN TO THE PRISONER
