---
id: "526"
title: "Peace: An Attainable State of Life"
author: "WASHINGTON, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PEACE: AN ATTAINABLE
STATE OF LIFE

by REV. PAUL WASHINGTON
Episcopalian Chaplain

“And suddenly there was with the Angel a mul-
titude of heavenly host, praising God and saying:
Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace a-
mong men with whom he is pleased” Luke II 13-14
Revised Standard Version.

Perhaps the state of life for which most men long
is the state of “peace.” Not only is it greatly to be
desired in the life of individuals, rather it begins
with the individual, causing itself to be desired and
sought after in the smallest groups to which man be-
longs, throughout the very largest of groups, the
state, the nation, including the whole race of man-
kind itself. 

It is strange however, but most of us will realize
that if there is any one state of life which man be-
lieves to be beyond attainment, it is this state of
which we speak, “peace.” Man has asked, “What is
peace?” Some have asked, “Who has attained it, if
indeed it is attainable?”

Not long ago a man stated that he has always
tried to the best of his ability, to be completely hon-
est in filling out his Income Tax Returns. Those to
whom he spoke looked at him as though he was some-
thing other than a normal human being. This is un-
believable, it is incredible, there is no such animal,
they exclaimed.

I believe that such men can be found, and fur-
ther it would not surprise me if I learned that such
a man could also claim that he had peace of mind.
It is possible that the very principle which caused
him to be honest with his government, is also moving
him to be true to his family, to his friends, true to
himself and to his God.

As his government is undoubtedly pleased with
him, so are the many others to whom he is true. God
too is pleased with such a person, and it was this
hymn which the Angel sang: “On earth peace a-
mong men with whom God is pleased.”

Interestingly enough, being true to one’s self,
true to family and friends and true to God does not
seem to be impossible to achieve, and no doubt that
which makes this message at Christmas so beautiful,
is that the gift of peace is given immediately, at the
very moment that’any man accepts “Truth” as the
foundation principle of his life. “Ye shall know the
Truth, and the Truth shall make you free.” Free
from error, free from conflict, free from tension; a
freedom to discover the peace of God which surpasses
human understanding.
