---
id: "527"
title: "What Does Christmas Mean To You"
author: "REYNOLDS, Rev. Gordon"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
WHAT DOES CHRISTMAS
MEAN TO YOU?

by REV. GORDON REYNOLDS
Protestant Chaplain

After spending Christmas in Korea a young
soldier wrote home, “I think I’ve felt the true mean-
ing of Christmas more today than any other year of
my life. There were no presents, decorations, fes-
tivities, or unnecessary food to cover up the real
meaning.” Perhaps we also would discover the true
meaning of Christmas this year if we would take a-
way some things which darken the windows of our
souls. We are so busy celebrating, communicating,
decorating, renovating and dissipating, that we for-
get all about the One whom we should be elevating.

A psychology professor was giving his class a
word suggestion test. Since the holidays were draw-
ing near he asked the students to write the first
thought that flashed through their minds at the men-
tion of Christmas.

Some of the answers given were “tree”, “Holy”,
“mistletoe”, “turkey”, “holiday”, “carols”, and “San
ta Claus”. Not one of the forty students in that class
mentioned the birthday of Christ.

The same attitude is shown by many businesses.
They think of Christmas as an opportunity to in-
crease their sales. Other people think of a beautiful
star, a virgin mother, a babe in a manger, a pile of
Christmas cards, but never the real significance of
the day.

Christmas is a time to emphasize the benevolence
of God. Christ, the earthly son of a Heavenly Father,
and the Heavenly Son of an earthly mother, come to
bestow upon the unworthy sons of men the greatest
of all gifts—the gift of life; life everlasting.

Christmas is the conclusion of the greatest love
story in history. It marks the culminating effort of
God to win back a sinning world. At Bethlehem the
King came down to be with us. Through the lens of
the manger God comes within reach. For the first
time God has walked into human history, the super-
natural had come into the natural, and heaven had
come down to earth.

“A little boy, of heavenly blue
But far from home today
Comes down to find His ball, the earth,
That sin has cast away.
O Comrades, let us one and all
Join in to get Him back His ball.”

Dig down beneath the foundation of all the de-
bris of happy myth, allegory, parade, tree and tinsel,
reindeer and lore, angels and manger, and here is the
startling truth, the King Has Come to Earth. “They
shall call his name Emmanuel... .God with us”.
Thomas Carbyle well has said, “ Christmas is not the
eelebration of the human stomach, as many believe,
but of the advent of the Divine Baby”.

We may sing carols with a lump in our throats,
give gifts to the poor, and spend ourselves broke on
trinkets and gadgets neatly wrapped in colorful foil.
But if our hearts are set on the earthly advantages of
Christmas, we shall miss completely its true meaning.
Christ came to give men things that the eyes of the
body cannot see and to grant men blessings which no
wealth can buy.
