---
id: "528"
title: "Needed: A Wholesome Moral Sense"
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
NEEDED: A WHOLESOME
MORAL SENSE

by REV. JOHN J. McHUGH

Catholic Chaplain

“No human being should be blamed for anything
he does. The concept of sin is the direct and indirect
cause of virtually all neurotic disturbances.”. . So
stated a phychologist at a recent meeting of the
American Phychological Associat:on. This unreal-
istic notion was not accepted by all phychologists.
Dr. O. Herbert Mowrer asked: “Is there no such
thing as moral responsibility and social accounta-
bility for all? Is every mean or vicious thing that
you or I do, not sin, but rather an expression of “ill-
ness’? Who would seriously hold that a society could
long endure which consistently subscribed to this
placid doctrine?” Dr. Mowrer accepts man as he is,
as a fallen creature of God, not as a caricature of a
real person made to the liking of scientists.

In this age, when everyone is stressing self-expres-
sion and the accent is on freedom, it is not popular
to speak of sin and guilt. But let’s be practical.
What this country and the whole world needs is a
wholesome moral sense that will make one recognize
sin for what it is; a sense of guilt that will make one
feel responsible for his actions.

To know that you have done wrong is not the
road to an inferiority complex. It will reveal that
you are inferior. But you are. We are all inferior
to the angels; inferior to what man should be. If
you do not admit your faults you will never improve.
If you think you have no faults, that is probably the
worst one you have.

When anyone denies the existence of sin in his per-
sonal lite or in the world at large, there is always
some hidden reason or motive. A defense mechanism
is set up within the mind. Parents, heredity,
teachers, environment and even the weather are
blamed for misbehavior. What is forgotten is that
man is a creature with free will and is held account-
able for his actions.

Saint Peter denied Christ not once, but three
times. “I know not the man,” he swore to the simple
maid-servant. Then Christ passed by and looked
upon Peter. When Peter saw Christ, human respect
gave way to the respect for God. The noblest of all
shame, the shame of having sinned and denied his
Lord and Master gripped the soul of Peter.

The shame of Peter stands in stark contrast to
the shamelessness of Judas. Judas had stolen from
the common treasury of the apostles; if ever he had
a feeling of guilt, it slowly vanished with each evil
deed. Respect for God was buried beneath a greed
for gold and silver. He went to confession, but in the
wrong place; he returned to the high-priests, flung
the money down and screamed; “I have sinned by
betraying innocent blood.” Judas should have con-
fessed to Christ whom he offended. He hated sin
only because he hated himself. He was like the
many who confess without sorrow and contrition, by
boasting and brazenness, through despair and hate.

There is the type of inmate who doesn’t deny sin
but with an ostrich-conscience tries to bury guilt
with the flimsy excuse of hypocrisy. Not content
with his own failure to respect God he accuses sin-
cere worshippers as hypoerites. Let us not convince
others of sin, let us convince ourselves. Christ wel-
comed sinners, waited for sinners to show sorrow
and repentence. “It is not the healthy who need a
physician, but they who are sick.”

ATTEND THE CHURCH OF YOUR CHOICE
