---
id: "529"
title: "By Words and By Action"
author: "MORRISON, James"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Compiled and Edited
by JAMES MORRISON

There are those, their number increasing, who evidence their interest
By Words
and
By Action

AT THE END OF THEIR TIME

Foster Fureolo, Governor of Massachusetts, di-
rected Corrections Commissioner George F. McGrath
to organize a committee to find jobs for prisoners
when they are discharged from State penal institu-
tions.

The committee will be made up of represent-
atives of the Dept. of Correction, the Parole Board,
the division of State employment and other agencies.

Jobs will be sought for only those inmates who
show a willingness to undergo necessary training
prior to their discharge.

Governor Furecolo declared, “The very best ef-
forts at rehabilitation by our most competent experts
and the most earnest desire on the part of the offend-
ers to conform can all be wasted if we cannot provide
occupational training and work opportunities for
prison inmates.”

Such state services are sadly lacking elsewhere
in the U.S.A.

A BOON,—IN TIME

A generous Dallas, Texas citizen, who preferred
to remain anonymous, has added $50,000 to the re-
volving fund for inmates of the Texas Department of
Corrections.

The fund was originally set up to provide ready
cash on a loan basis te inmates leaving the peniten-
tiary on emergency reprieves and other contingen-
cies

O. B. Ellis, Director of the TDC, pointed out that
although the loan fund “had been in existence here-
tofore, there has never been more than $300 in it up
to now.”

Final details of the anonymous bequest have not
yet been worked out. And it may be some time be-
fore the gift has finally cleared all the legal hurdles.

A FUND IN TIME

Recently, at Missouri State Penitentiary at
Jefferson City, an inmate’s family came from Texas
to visit him only to be left stranded when the good
friend who had provided transportation drove off
with their luggage and money.

W. P. Steinhauser, associate warden, brought
their plight to the attention of guard personnel on
duty who promptly took up a collection to aid the
stranded visitors. Officers of the evening shift do-
nated additional dollars to the fund when notified of
the situation.

Enough money was donated by members of the
custodial foree to purchase bus tickets and other
necessities for the visitors’ return trip.

The inmate’s heartfelt thanks were extended to
Mr. Steinhauser and the officers who were “John-
nies-on-the-spot.”

A “FRIEND” IN TIME

Juvenile gangs armed with hammers and saws
are roaming San Francisco—with the blessings of
city officials.

Such San Francisco gangs as “the War Lords,”
“the Sheiks,” “the Aces” and “Los Bandidos” are de-
voting their efforts to constructive work.

In the last two years, more than 300 members of
25 gangs have participated in 103 service projects—
from repairing delapidated homes of poverty-strick-
en families to building a bridge on an Indian reser-
vation.

The man behind their actions is Carl V. May,
37-year-old executive secretary of the American
Friends Service Committee and creator of the youth
for service project in San Francisco. May became
a Quaker three years ago and eventually developed
the project.

OF TIME AND MONEY

In Memphis, Tenn, a childless 59-year-old
former grocer, now in the catering business, reacted
to the attempted suicide of one of his customers,—
the customer being a parolee victimized by a “work
for sponsor at starvation wages or risk going back to
prison as a parole violator” racket.

The reaction launched Leo Seligman on his one-
man drive to help deserving prisoners win parole and
guide them back to law abiding lives.

Thus far he has sponsored 894 parolees.

Of the 894 prisoners paroled to Seligman, 33
couldn’t negotiate the bridge to the straight and
narrow path.

Of these 33, eleven committed another crime,
five turned out to be mental cases and seventeen
were picked up on minor parole violations.

As a sponsor Seligman speaks for the prisoner
before the parole board, finds him a place to live
when he is released, sees to it that he is fed and
clothed, enters him in a church, finds him a job.

He draws no color or religion line.

The work has cost Seligman uncounted hours
and about $5,000 of his own money which he could ill
afford. It has brought numerous honors and head-
aches.

Those who have profited include the state.

For instance, it costs an estimated $1,760,000 to
keep 800 prisoners behind bars in Tennessee for one
year, including welfare allotments.

Prisoners befriended by Seligman average about
$60 per week in their weekly earnings, which—as-
suming an average family of four—sets up a yearly
collective income tax total of around $70,000. The
parolees also spend about $40 to $50 a week, which
gives the state about $49,000 a year in sales tax.

It is Seligman’s sorrow that he has never man-
aged to sell the state on the theory that the expense
of a prisoner rehabilitation program would actually
be a great economy.

A CONSERVING GOOD TIME

General endorsement of California’s planned
conservation camp system has been given by repre-
sentatives of the building trades unions.

State Senator Stanley Arnold (D) told the
eroup, headed by Bryan P. Deavers, president of the
State Building and Construction Trades Council,
that inmates will be used only on non-construction
jobs, and that ,the planned 35 conservation camps
will be built by private contractors.

Arnold, author of the camp program bill, ex-
plained that camp inmates will be used in opening
inaccessable recreation areas and general wildland
clearing and maintenance; jobs that would not ord-
inarily be done.

COME AGAIN ANOTHER TIME

Recently many men here at Eastern were given
a new charge of hope through the visit of some local
A.A. members. These men came here and success-
fully illustrated the hope and positive power of what
a man can do though saddled with a burden such as
alcoholism.

.... While here, one. of the men spoke of the Big
Brothers of A.A. This organization of Big Brothers
is connected with all the major Institutions through-
out the United States and Canada, helping men who
have recently been released from prison—helping
them to successfully cope with their problems.

This gentleman quoted in part the American
Public Health Association’s Lasker Award to A.A.
“Historians may one day point to A.A. as the society
which did far more than achieve a considerable mea-
sure of success with alcoholism and its stigma. They
may recognize A.A. to have been a great venture in
social pioneering which forged a new instrument for
social action; a new therapy based on the kinship of
common suffering; one having vast potential for the
myriad forgotten ills of mankind.”

Here then, by the mere presence of these gentle-
men, was a true illustration of therapy. .. . a much
hackneyed term with which we are so very familiar.

One to which we have heard so much lip-service paid,
but with negligible results.

The therapy of A.A. stated briefly is the admit-
ting to God. . . to oneself. . . and to another human
being, the exact nature of our wrongs. The only re-
quirement for membership in A.A is a sincere desire
to stop drinking.

We want to thank these gentlemen for their
thoughtfulness in paying a visit; seeing them and
listening to their words of encouragement was very
inspiring indeed. We honestly hope that they pay a
repeat visit to our institution in the very near future.

THE CAPTIVE DIGEST AND NEWS

An Eastern Penitentiary inmate who was recently
released—a former penal press correspondent—was
lauded for his journalistic efforts by the American
Mercury Magazine. Says Chairman of the Board,
Russell Maguire:

“The editors and staff. . . join me in expressing
our appreciation of the fine work you have done for
us. We have enjoyed working with you and hope to
keep on receiving your contributions and sugges-
tions. It is the successful cooperation of the authors
and our staff which has made the Mercury a readable
and interesting magazine.”

Queried about his future plans, the inmate said,
“I earnestly hope to introduce to the American pub-
lic a new unique publication—The Captive Digest
and News. It may turnout to be the biggest ‘steal’
of my life.”

Formal announcement of this proposal will be
made early in 1960. However, we can release the
following in advance:

Tentative plans are for coming out with a 24-
page tabloid promotional issue early next year;
followed by a regular 48-page bi-weekly publication
starting about June; replete with national advertis-
ing.

Format-wise, articles with a THINK slant as
well as fiction stories will be featured, written en-
tirely by convicted men and women. Although a
light spattering of contributory material by consei-
entious people working in the field of corrections
will be used, the aspiring publisher said, only the
former will be paid a regular rate for accepted ma-
terial.

Circulation-wise, it is estimated that only a 5 per
cent response from current penal press subscribers
is required to secure the needed national advertising.
“The ultimate aim of this project,” he said, “is to
turn it over—lock, stock and barrel—to the captive
writing fraternity.” This would function much the
same as stockholders operate in any community-
owned newspaper. Further details will be released
in the near future. Meanwhile, interested persons in
all walks of life are urged to send their views on this
proposal, requesting free copy of the promotional
issue, to: Captive Digest and News, Box No. 4085
Reading Pa.
