---
id: "53"
title: "Drag-it"
author: "Murphy, F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
drag-it

by F. MURPHY

My name, Friday, is the same as it is on Thursday or
any other day of the week, and that is Wednesday. My
partner is Mike Monday. Everyone has heard of Monday,
Wednesday and Friday. But we never mention Friday be-
cause he’s a ‘cop’ and J. Edgar Hoover says ‘cop’ is a
naughty word.

It was 8:02 am., Saturday. It was cool in Los Angeles,
but we were working Philly, so it didn’t matter. Just a
minute before a flash was received over the police radio
saying it was exactly 8:01 a.m. so you can see we were
wasting little time.

My partner and I were eating breakfast; we both eat
like horses - - - with our shoes on. The phone rang, it was
a hot shot call from a lady with a steer. I directed her to
the stockyards because we have been getting too many bum
steers lately.

After finishing our breakfast and leaving a tip - Our
Lady in the fifth at Belmont - we made our way down to
City Hall and learned we were assigned to the S.F.AS.
(Somebody Found a Stiff) caper. We arrived at the scene
of the crime in our P.C.W.W.W.T. (Police Car with White-
Wall Pires) and there it was .... someone
had fished the body out of the creek using a net
because the victim had apparently been fed or had taken
an overdose of cod-liver oil and it was the only way they
could eatch him. The caper smelled fishy from the start,
for when we frisked him we discovered that he had a fin in
his wallet. The coroner’s report later stated that the de-
ceased was a Carter’s Little Liver Pill addict and they had
to beat his liver to death with a bat so the boys could bury
him. City Ordinance No. 33 forbids the burying of any
victims until they are thoroughly deceased.

I immediately began taking notes from the various wit-
nesses, but ran into a difficult problem. The man was found
in Neshaminy Creek and I couldn’t spell Neshaminy so I
dragged the body over to 2nd street. It made things easier
all around because our Captain couldn’t read too well,
either - - up from the ranks, you know.

A check with the U.G.I. (United Gas Improvement - -
he never paid his bills) soon established that our victim was
none other than Lem E. Beltem, a wanted criminal. Wanted
for A. C. & C.: B.V.D. and for double-parking around City
Hall.

Lem E. Beltem, who in better days was an old news-
paper man, turned to crime when he found that there was
little money in old newspapers. He amassed a fortune in
crime and it was common gossip that most of his money was
in Switzerland disguised as an Alp. He made plenty of
money; in fact he made money with presidents’ pictures on
them that weren’t even elected yet. He was orphaned at
the age of thirty-two as a result of a double tragedy: his
mother fell from the runway of the Trocadero Burlesque
(she broke her leg and had to be destroyed) and his father,
employed at a cosmetics factory, fell into a vat of hand
lotion and was dragged out so limp and soft that he couldn’t
hold himself together. While this was severe enough to
break the spirit of any normal boy he had yet to experience
another blow: the pool room burned down and left him
homeless.

Our close connections with the F. B. I. (Friendly Bus-
iness Institute) led us to further information. In spite
of his vast fortune he was never accepted socially by the
upper crusts of high society. He suffered from ‘pooped
pinkies’, and an occupational hazard of all counterfeiters
and HE COULDN’T DRINK TEA WITH HIS LITTLE FIN-
GER PROTRUDING. He was normal in all other respects,
the usual ten toes; eight on one foot and two on the other.
Further studies from the O. J. D. B. (Older Juvenile Delin-
quent Bureau) told us that he was backward and shy as a
boy, in faet, he was twenty-seven when he learned how to
wave bye-bye. He was also dismissed from the second grade
for refusing to shave. He remained backward - he had to
have a personal introduction to washroom attendants just
so he could get a good seat. As for being shy, he shied
everytime he saw a policeman.

We discovered a mean streak in his makeup. When
his first child was twelve, he went into the backyard one
Christmas Eve, shot off a pisto] and came in the house and
told the boy that Santa Claus had just committed suicide.

He married Prunella Parsnips, a well-known cooking
instructor. They opened a small restaurant just off Holly-
wood and Vine, in fact they were so far off Hollywood and
Vine they were in Patterson, New Jersey. The place was
small (small? - - the mice were humpbacked) and cozy.
The food was served a-la-carte; they dragged it in from
the kitchen on an ice cart. Every morning he would have
two lumps with his coffee - - his wife and his mother-in-law.

We were fortunate in getting yet more data, for the
morgue attendant, who held a degree in 8.A.S. (Searching
All Stiffs), told us he was a cousin of the victim four times
removed (the way that stiff smelled he wasn’t removed
far enough). The deceased, he told us, was the author of
several well-known volumes, namely; ‘‘You can drive a
horse to water, but a pencil must be lead’’, and ‘‘I like
Bananas because they have no Bones.’’ He also wrote
a play about a fly with a sick child who walked the ceiling
all night. Lem nearly went crazy trying to figure out an
ending in this play, but as fate would have it, he was
saved by a song he had written years before, entitled, ‘‘Get
your leg in out of the cattle-car, Mother, the brakeman’s
liable to see your calf.’’

Now, here he was. .. The Master Criminal. No more
will he walk into the theatres backwards so the ticket
collector will think he’s coming out. No more will he paint
sparrows a bright yellow and sell them as canaries. No
more will he sell Indian Underwear to his victims and laugh
while it creeps up on them. No more will he set fire to
the shoe factory and laugh while 40,000 soles go up in smoke,
not to mention the heels.

It was 8:45 a.m. in Philly and it was cold. (The weather
forecast from L. A. hasn’t come in.) We turned the case
over to the coroner for a ruling. The results of this case in
just one minute.

... COMMERCIAL ...

Hot Butts! The cigarette that is made from the finest
Indian Hemp flown in by our private planes directly from
Indiantown Gap, Penna.

The cigarette that is 48 percent shorter than ordinary
brands, has 52 percent more nicotine, no filter, and is the
only cigarette with asbestos tips .

Pure Esso Gasoline is used for that speed in smoking that.
busy young executives demand and Standard Oil for that
slick, smoothe taste.

Witness this testimonial from a big-league baseball player,
Itchy Rashburn, who says, ‘‘I always have a Hott Butt
after sliding into home plate.’’

A 14 year-old Juvenile Delinquent, who would rather remain
anonymous, claims it’s a pleasure to pick up a Hott Butt
from the streets on a rainy day because the oily paper pre-
vents the cigarette from getting wet.

And now we return you to Wednesday and his Kipper - - -
-- er, excuse me, his caper.....

The Coroner’s Inquest found: ‘‘Deceased died by his
own hands. Being a secret imbiber of Cod Liver Oil he
recently became afflicted with a chronic case of hiccoughs
ae cond not stand the smell of Cod Liver Oil on his
breath."
