---
id: "530"
title: "The Head of Pierre"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by L. J. BIANCONE
THE HEAD OF PIERRE

They were dreamers—Pierre Leroux and Maurice
Desalleux. But while one man’s fancy can be
the ruin of another, in this case it was different. It
was the ruin of both.

Pierre was a French farmer of humble means
back in the days of the guillotine. He lived in the
environs of Beaugency, then a small rural hamlet.
His dreams were simple and a little colored with tints
of imagination. For the most part, his horses were
the favorite subject of his harmless dreams. He liked
to talk about them whenever he had a listener and a
olass of wine to make him eloquent.

As the villagers gathered about him and his
glass of wine, he would recall the time he started
from his slumbers in the midst of his fancied efforts
to lift up an obstinate colt that had grown weak in
the legs. Another time, the old gray got entangled
in the traces of the team. And once he dreamed he
put a new thong to his old whip, but it stubbornly re-
fused to crack. He was so riled that upon awakening
from a sound sleep he seized the whip—which he
kept by his bed—and began striking it violently in
the dead of night. He simply wanted to assure him-
self, he explained, “that I was not stricken powerless
and deprived of the most gratifying prerogative of
the plowman.”

About the same time, the distinguished and
learned Desalleux, deputy prosecutor of the criminal
court of Orleans, was having dreams of his own.
Come hell or high water and a few rolling heads, he
was determined to have his dreams realized.

As a criminal prosecutor of a few months, he en-
joyed considerable success. Enough, in fact, to make
him believe there was no longer any position in the
magistracy too high for him to attain. However, the
post of the “keeper of the seals” was one of the most
frequent visions of his slumbers. But even so, this
vision was over-shadowed in the intoxicating tri-
umphs of oratory that made him revel in his sleep.
The glory of the Aguesseaux, and other celebrated
names of the great days of parliamentary eloquence,
could hardly quench the insatiable thirst of his im-
patient ambition. The spring of his dreams bubbled
in most distant streams of the past—the times of the
most marvelous eloquence of Demosthenes—that he
delighted to contemplate the likeness of his own ideal
future. The attainment of power by “eloquence” was
the idea of his whole life. It was, in short, the one
object for which he renounced all the ordinary hopes
and pleasures of youth.

Then one day, as fate would have it, these two
natures met. That of Pierre, with the intellect slight-
ly above the range of his horse, and that of Desal-
leux, abstract and rectified to the highest pitch of
intellectuality. They met in a contest before the
criminal court of Orleans. Desalleux demanded the
head of Pierre on somewhat insufficient evidence
purported to support a charge of murder, while the
latter defended his head against the eloquence of the
prosecutor.

From the very scantiness of the evidence against
the defendant arose an extraordinary opportunity
for eloquence. In justice to himself, the young pros-
ecutor could not neglect to take advantage of it. As
a matter of fact, a few days before the trial began,
the young deputy had promised the local citizenry
that no stones would be left unturned in obtaining
from the jury a verdict of condemnation.

Not unlike the present-day counterparts, every-
one will understand the painful position the pros-
ecutor would be in if he failed and Pierre happened
to come back with his head on his shoulders to testify
to the weakness of Desalleux’s eloquence. Besides,
there were many who promised themselves the pleas-
ure of being there to enjoy the spectacle. So let us
not be too severe on the poor prosecutor. If he wasn’t
absolutely convinced, it was his duty to appear so,
and only the more meritorious to utter such eloquent
predictions.

Oh, if you had been there to see how they were
moved, those poor gentlemen of the jury! They were
moved almost to tears, when in a fine and most sono-
rous closing argument, he set before them the fearful
picture of society shaken to its foundations—the
whole community about to disintegrate immediately
upon the acquittal of “the monster, the fiendish
rogue, Pierre Leroux!”

If you had only heard the courteous praises ex-
changed, when the counsel for the accused began his
address and declared that he could not go further
without rendering homage to the brilliant powers of
oratory displayed by the young prosecutor! If you
had only heard the president judge making the same
felicitations in his exordium, nothing would have
persuaded you that it was not an academical feté,
and that they were not simply awarding a prize for
eloquence—instead of death—to a fellow-creature.
You would have seen in the midst of a crowd of
“elegantly-attired members of the fair sex,” as the
newspapers of the province said, the sister of the
prosecutor receiving the compliments of all the ladies
around her. While at a little distance, the old father
was weeping with joy at the sight of the noble son
and incomparable orator he had given to the world.

Pierre finally mounted the condemned cart
which awaited him at the door of the jail of Orleans.
Accompanied by the friendly executioner, they pro-
ceeded to the Place du Martroie. There they found
the scaffold érected, surrounded by a throng of spec-
tators—men, women and children. As Pierre reached
the platform, a ray of sunlight played upon the bril-
liant and polished steel of the instrument of justice
which blinded him momentarily so that he seemed
about to stumble. But the executioner, with the
courteous attention of the host who knows how to do
the honors of his house, sustained him by the arm,
and mercifully placed him upon the plank of the
euillotine. A moment later the head of Pierre Leroux
was divorced from his body. The operation was ac-
complished with such dexterity, that many of those
present at the spectacle asked their neighbors if it
was finished. When told that it was, they remarked
that it was the last time that they would go out of
their way for so little. They felt cheated!

Shortly thereafter, Desalleux thought of acquir-
ing a wife. No man was more in a position than he to
sue for a good match. For his oratorical successes
made him the object of more than one lady’s ambi-
tion. But in the bent of his life there was something
too positive for him to allow that even the love of a
woman should find a place there unconditionally.
Among the eligibles, he began to look for a girl
whose good will was best supported by money, useful
relations and other social advantages. Thus, having
settled the first part of his romance, he found a girl
who could fill the bill of particulars, as lawyers are
wont to say, and set out to fall in love with her with
all the passion of which he was capable—and it must
have been tremendous! For at length, a marriage
was determined upon. Orleans had not seen a pret-
tier bride than that of Desalleux; nor a family more
happy than that of Desalleux; nor a wedding-ball so
joyous and brilliant as that of Desalleux.

Bstewie a brief honeymoon, the young prose-
eutor had to prosecute another capital case. He left
the court of Orleans an hour earlier than usual on
the day previous to the trial. He wanted a little ex-
tra time at home in preparing the trial for the next
day.

The night grew dark. A warm wind from the
south whistled drearily. A feeling of melancholy
stole over him. The memory of many people he had
known—and who were dead as yesterday’s news-
paper—returned to his mind. Seareely knowing
why, he began to think of Pierre Leroux. However,
whenever these flittings reached the surface of his
sub-consciousness, he was sensible enough to dismiss
them as idle illusions. He thought no longer of any-
thing but his oration, which he had determined
should be even more brilliant than any preceding it.

He was playing a gigantic slot machine and
needed a few more heads for coins. For he figured
sooner or later the law of averages would yield to his
whims and spit out the jackpot. Afterall, none of
the heads were his own, and he had a large bank
from which to draw.

His system of indictment was a perfection to
marvel. It is significant to note that the French legal
expression, a “system of indictment,” is an absolute
manner of grouping an ensemble of facts and proofs,
by which the prosecutor appropriates to himself the
head of man. However, the system is somewhat inter-
nationally universal. The only difference being that
some jurisdictions prefer to appropriate the other
end. In any event, it amounts to a universal system
of philosophy. That is to say, an ensemble of reason-
ings and sophisms, by the aid of which is established
some harmless truth, theory or fancy, to bring about
a desired end.

Desalleux’s system of indictment was nearly
completed, when the deposition of a witness which
he had not examined, suddenly presented itself with
such an aspect as to threaten to overturn all the edi-
fice of his logic. He hesitated for some moments, and
consulted his vanity at least as often as his con-
science. Invoking all the powers of his logic and skill
for turning words to his purpose, he did not despair
of finally enlisting it in his best arguments, as con-
taining the most conclusive evidence against the pris-
oner. Unfortunately, there was considerable trouble,
and the night was already far advanced. The clock
had just struck three, the lamp on his desk burned
with a thick crust on the wick, and gave only a feeble
light in the room. Leaning back in his attitude, and
suspending his reflections for a while, he gazed at
the stars which were shining through a window.

Suddenly lowering his gaze, he encountered
what seemed to him to be eyes staring in at him
through the window panes. Imagining that the re-
flection of the lamp was playing some trick on his
vision, he changed his place. But the vision only ap-
peared more distinct. As he was not wanting in
courage, he made a complete and thorough search of
the premises in an effort to see who the intruder was
at this late hour. But he saw nothing. However, if
he had taken the trouble to examine his conscience,
it would have soon told him what the intrusion really
was. Instead, he preferred to attribute the illusion
to a defective lamp, and decided to turn in for the
night.

His wife was already abed and sound asleep.
With a faltering voice he called his bride by name.
There was no answer. The prosecutor ignited the
lamp suspended from the ceiling, and by its flicker-
ing light, he observed the head of a man lying on the
white pillow. He recognized the face of Pierre
Leroux staring at him with the same astonishment
with which the unlucky plowman had listened to his
brilliant discourse for two hours in the criminal court
of Orleans.

He tried to grab the intruder by the hair and
drag him from his resting place. As he stretched out
his hand, the bridegroom felt fang-like teeth clamp
his hand. He wrenched it free, and the pain of the
wound sent him into a blinding rage of passion. He
seized a bar of steel from the fireplace used to sup-
port the fire irons, and began to administer vicious
blows in an effort to destroy the hideous visitor. But
the head, bobbing and weaving, dexterously avoided
every blow which descended on the bed clothes. The
furious bridegroom kept up the attack until the head
bounced over his shoulder and vanished into the
night.

After a careful search which revealed nothing,
the prosecutor found himself master of the field of
battle and returned to the bed. The bride was still
miraculously asleep. He called her by the tenderest
names in a vain attempt to awaken her. He even
took her in his arms and embraced her passionately.
But she slept on, insensible to all his caresses. What
could this mean? Was it the pretense of a bashful
wite, or was he himself dreaming?

It was growing lighter. Desalleux went to the
window and drew aside the blinds and the curtains
to let in the new day. Then the unhappy prosecutor
perceived for the first time that his bride of only two
weeks was lying in a pool of blood. The blows had
been dealt so quickly, and so violently, that she had
died without uttering the slightest protest or outcry.

The same morning, upon a warrant from the
Procureur-General, Desalleux was taken to the crim-
inal prison of Orleans. By some strange coincidence,
it is reported, he occupied the same cell that detained
Pierre Leroux up to the day of his execution.

The end of the deputy prosecutor, however, was
a little less tragic. Declared insane, the man who had
dreamed of moving the world wtih his eloquence,
was committed to an institution for lunatics. For
more than six months he was kept chained in a dark
cell, as had many who had gone before him. When
he appeared to be no longer dangerous, he was sub-
jected to milder treatment. Shortly thereafter, he
was freed. However, a strange delusion took posses-
sion of him until the day he died. He fancied himself
a tight-rope dancer, and from morning until night
he was seen simulating the antics of the circus per-
former.

He drew, with a now evident lack of eloquence,
seantier crowds than those attracted by the magne-
tism of the guillotine.
