---
id: "532"
title: "Chess News"
author: "HARMAN, N. L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Chess News

by NORMAN L. HARMAN

During the months since our last issue was dis-
tributed the ESP Chess Club has had both victorious
and disastrous evenings, in so far as matches with
outside competition is concerned.

SMITH-KLINE & FRENCH
On the evening of August 14th the ESP Chess
Club played host to a number of distinguished gen-
tlemen from the Smith-Kline & French Laboratories
of Philadelphia.

On Board One we found Martin Pearson playing
Mr. Ronald Richter, with the outcome being dis-
astrous for the visitor. On Board Two we located
our Champion, Thomas Brawner, who defeated M.
Hugh Pritchard. Our Club met with a mild setback
on Board Three as Dr. Ralph Pollikoff successfully
diagnosed our Andre Paschedag. This was the only
bright spot in an otherwise gloomy evening for the
visitors. On Board Four we saw William Hallowell
defeat another guest, Mr. William Kiraly. Floyd
Jackson, our club, dumped Mr. Joseph Coogan on
Board Five. Thomas Williams, playing his usual
splendid game, did it again for the home team by de-
feating Mr. James McCrane in the longest game of
the evening. Michael Quinn added more mileage to
that which he already had on the Chess Boards by
up-ending Mr. William Hamann.

When the delightful evening was over, and the
points added up, it was found that ESP had scored a
decisive victory by the score of 6 to 1.

GERMANTOWN “Y”

Mrs. Mary D. Selensky, “the first time I’ve been
in jail”, first woman chess player to visit the institu-
tion, held our champion Thomas Brawner to a draw
in a match played on September 23rd. However, the
ESP Club was up for this match with a group of
visitors from the Germantown “Y” as Martin Pear-
son, Thomas Williams, Michael Quinn, Frank Darrah
and Howard Brockway turned in victories for the
home team over Mr. W. Leon Arkless, Mr. Ronald D.
Guinan, Mr. D. A. Giulio, Mr. Ted Parberry and Mr.
David Jacobs, Jr. In the other games of the evening,
our Andre Paschedag held Mr. Edw. W. Pedrick to
a draw, and Mr. Phillip Snyder defeated our William
Hallowell for our team’s only loss of the evening.

This was one of the most enjoyable evenings
ever spent by the ESP Chess Club as Mrs. Selensky
kept the action lively by remonstrating with her
teammates. This Club will return for another en-
geagement during the Championship Tournament of
the Philadelphia Chess Association and it is the sin-
cere hope of the ESP Club that Mrs. Selensky will
return with them.

E. F. HOUGHTON CO. CHESS CLUB

The evening of October 16th saw the Houghton
Knights Chess Club visit the institution for a match
with the ESP club. The evening was very enjoyable,
both for the visitors and the home club, but more so
for the home, as Brockway, C. Norman, A. Hewitt
and J. Jackson registered wins over W. R. Gross,
Frank Munjat, Saul Silverman and John Colucci,
respectively, while Alex Vargas defeated J. Griffin
for the visitors only victory.

PHILADELPHIA CHESS ASSOCIATION
LEAGUE MATCHES

As it is probably known by now, the ESP Chess
Club is a member of the Philadelphia Chess Associ-
ation. This means they will be eligible to compete
for the Chess Championship of Philadelphia. There
are two divisions in the league; the first is the Cham-
pionship Section and the second is the Reserve See-
tion. Hach team is composed of five players and the
matches are played at the various clubs throughout
the city, with each team playing home and away
games, However, the ESP Club plays all of their
“away” games at home.

So far there has been three league matches play-
ed by our Club, one in the Championship and two in
the Reserve sections, and we now wish to bring you
the results of these matches.

UKRAINIAN-AMERICAN C. C.

The worst defeat ever absorbed by an ESP
Chess team occurred on October 7th when the
Ukrainian-American Chess Club visited the institu-
tion to play the Reserve Team. This proved to be a
bitter evening for the home team as Kushenezuk de-
feated Hallowell, Mychalyszyn up-ended Darrah and
Klymkowsky clobbered Rade, on the first three
boards. Charles Norman held his opponent to a tight
game until he blundered, lost his queen, and Korniuk
walked off with the victory. Michael Quinn, playing
a fine game, salvaged a draw with Lukasewyez for
Eastern’s only score of the evening.

FRANKLIN-MERCANTILE C. C.

The second Reserve Match saw the Franklin-
Mereantile Chess Club visit the institution on
October 29th. This was a home match for Franklin
and it developed into another nightmare for the ESP
Club as Campiglia defeated Hallowell, Schlick pul-
verized Darrah, Paxton beat Quinn and Golder wal-
loped Rade. Charles Norman played a fine game and.
produced the ESP Chess Club’s first win in league
competition.

GERMANTOWN “Y” RETURNS

Forewarning should have been heeded in this
match which was played on October 23rd and saw
the Germantown “Y” Chess Team return to ESP for
a Championship Match with our club. The match
saw a reversal of the previous meeting of the two
elubs as C. Kalenian defeated M. Pearson, Mrs.
Selensky won from Paschedag in 6 moves when the
latter left a knight under fire, J. Kelly took the mea-
sume Of Isrockway, anc Ih, [Pechnelk Showed “,
Williams some fine points of the game. In the other
eame of the evening, our Champion, T. Brawner,
played from deep in the depths of possible defeat and
salvaged a draw from W. L. Arkless.
