---
id: "533"
title: "One Reader's Opinion"
author: "WARREN, Harold Lee"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
One Reader's Opinion

Comments, both pro and con,
on items appearing in Penal
Press publications.

by HAROLD LEE WARREN

THE ATLANTIAN, in their special issue, undoubt-
edly scored one of the journalistic feats of the year.
It is devoted to finding the “composite prisoner,” and
this was elaborately done by protracted interviews
with 500 inmates. That it is exciting can best be
shown by the fact that it dwarfs their usually Big
Event of the year, the publishing of the Margaret
Mitchell Award stories. The stories are included in
this issue, but they are nearly overlooked by the raz-
zle-dazzle created by Mr. Composite Prisoner.

Now that we have established that this is one of
the most sensational single magazines to come out of
any prison this year, we'll go to the flaws, which to
me, are glaring ones. Facts-and-figures-statistics
are found throughout the issue with charts, graphs
and maps, all brilliantly done. Most of the figures
are accurate, some are not. But first, the introduc-
tory page states: Here in Atlanta Penitentiary,
with a population in excess of 2700. . .can be found a
cross-section, truly representative picture of pris-
omers im these United States. . the facts gathered
here should be an accurate reflection of the entire
prison population in this country.” Now, this state-
ment is ridiculous. At best, it represents “Mr. Maxi-
mum Security," for that is what Atlanta is. The
same survey made at Danbury or Tallahassee would
show an entirely different man. To find a “truly
representative picture’ you would have to survey
maximum, medium, and minimum security prisoners.
I think you would then find “Mr. Composite Pris-
oner”’ to be a vastly different man.

For the sake of controversy, we now introduce
THE ATLANTIAN’s version of the average prisoner
of America today: He is nearly 36 years of age, his
plea: guilty, his sentence: 84 years, has spent 8.2
years in prison, has been arrested 11 times, had a
court-appointed. attorney, has not escaped, has not
acquired a trade while in prison, is divorced, writes
to his family, has served two previous sentences, has
an I.Q. of 103, trusted his lawyer, has a cynical atti-
tude, attends chureh, and the amount involved in his
offense was $7,000.

The claim that the “Minnesota Multiphasic” per-
sonality inventory was administered to inmates for
the first time in a penitentiary is false. It has been
used here for quite some time. Of course, “psycho-
logically” speaking, we are considerably advanced,
having double the number of psychologists that At-
lanta has, for one-third the number of inmates.

Nebraska's FORUM, never one to be out-done, came
up with a statistical survey of their own. Only one-
tenth the size of the Atlantian’s, it nevertheless
proved very interesting. Fifty prisoners were given
the chance to be “Judge” long enough to state what
they’d give “an old habitual offender, with no miti-
gating circumstances.” For sixteen crimes, they
gave these maximum sentences (all figures indicate
number of years) :

Insufficient Funds Checks        1.3
Forgery                          5. 
Grand Larceny                    3.5
Burglary                         5.
Robbery with Violence            14.5 
Bank Robbery                     14. 
Manslaughter                     7.
Child Molestation                Mental Institution
Homosexuality                    Mental Institution
Murder, 2nd Degree               39.5
Murder, 1st Degree               39.5
Auto Theft                       2.5
Arson                            8.5
Embezzlement                     5.
Statutory Rape                   4.
Forcible Rape                    24.

These statistics pose some good questions, the
answers to which would be, of course, mostly matters
of opinion: Are these “Judges” too hard? Too
lenient? In accord with most real judges? Giving
sentences closely proximated to your own? Much
more reasonable in some crimes than in others? — It
has been said, quite often of late, that America’s
sentences are the stiffest in the world. From all of
this, what do you think?

Danbury’s LITTLE NUTMEG had an article by
Ronnie Scott called “What Is An Inmate?” which
might have been a very good essay had it not been
negated in the very first paragraph. He began by
stating a few statistics that he read (he didn’t say
where). In these the “average” inmate was 32 years
old, had a 6th grade education, was married with two
children, and was doing a 3-year sentence (very
much the opposite of the Atlantian’s average, inci-
dentally). Where he killed the whole she-bang was
here: “An average of anything,” he said, “is merely
a composite of actual facts boiled down to mean noth-
ing.”

Well, Ronnie, statistics have, and will continue
to mean a lot more than "nothing." They play an
important part in almost anything you can name.

Whether it be the weather, crime, war or the
average measurements of Miss America, the value of
statistics is so great that future progress would be
brought to a near-standstill without them. The
thine that a lot of people don’t realize is that statis-
tics must quite often be combined with logic, reason-
ing and good judgment.

Now, you take Marilyn Monroe (on second
thought, you get somebody else and PI take Mari-
lyn). Her statistics could hardly mean "nothing."
Why do you think they call them “vital statistics?”
