---
id: "534"
title: "Self Portrait"
author: "MYERS, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by HENRY MYERS
Self Portrait

The painting posed in prominence on the sitting-
room wall. It had hung there for a long, long time.
If you were to move it you would reveal its outline, a
clean space on the faded wallpaper.

No one knew who had painted it or who had
placed it there, but the family of four were wont to
come at intervals and look; to touch it with their
eyes and let their individual impressions take shape
in the mind’s eye.

It was a simple work in still life, done in blurred
colors, a bottle and two picces of fruit sitting on a
dark red tablecloth.

Aunt Maud looked at it most often, and this is
peculiar because she expressed a strong distaste for
it. She wasn’t an old or cantankerous person, though
youth had long since given way to middle age. A
woman given to invoking loud promises of burning
hell fires when she witnessed, in her opinion, an act
of evil. She had married in her early youth, he being
a scamp who all too soon left her bed and board,
meandering down the highway and out of her life,
forever. As the years rolled by, Aunt Maud took her
God to her bosom and, on the cold nights of many
winters, would woo herself to sleep with the thren-
ody of vengeful reward for sinners everywhere. Aunt
Maud said of the picture: “I just don’t like it. It’s
a dirty old thing. Look at how bold it is hanging up
there. Why it’s positively obscene! That’s what it is,
obscene. I won’t have it in this house another minute.
Just wait until Fredrick comes home, I’ll have him
burn the awful thing.”

Uncle Fredrick looked at it the least and, when
he did, he’d chuckle, laughing at a secret thing hum-
orous only to him. Uncle Fredrick was long and
thin, a bean-pole. As he gazed upon it, he’d arch his
skinny neck like a turkey buzzard. He would keep
resetting his pince-nez high on the brittle bridge of
his nose, only to have them fall again to the end of
the black ribbon to which they were attached. It
seemed a personal thing, the pince-nez hating his
hard nose and loving to rest on his pot-belly. Uncle
Fredrick had those glasses a long time, he had every-
thing a long time. I never did see him with anything
new, excepting bankbooks of course. He said of the
painting: “Nice. Yes, very nice indeed. Very little
paint used and with just the right effect. The subject
is very apt. A filling repast, simple but adequate.
Some fruit and a bottle of wine. No, not wine,—beer,
or perhaps water. Yes, no doubt about it, fruit and
water. Nature’s very own gifts to be had simply by
taking from nature’s bountifulness. Yes indeed, a
fine picee of work.”

The boy, Tom, looked at it only when he had
nothing else to do. He was a large boy with moods of
quietness, a lonely boy coming into adolescence. Not
bookish, yet, he would spend many moments off in
some secluded nook, day-dreaming the dreams of a
wanderer ide looked at the painting and said: I
wonder what’s under the table, if it is a table, and
what the rest of the room is like. I think there’s sun-
shine in it, so it must be near a window through
which you might see the sea and the ships, a big one
going out on the early tide. That fruit looks good. I
wonder if there’s any cookies left from yesterday?”

And then there was Mary Ann. Coming into the
room, she’d walk straight to the picture and gaze at
it with the ghost of smile on her young lips. She
would stare at it and then, as when perusing a well-
loved book, begin to voice what it said to her: “It’s
springtime, and there is a freshness all about. You
can smell the sweetness in the air and you know
something good is soon to happen. Someone will take
one of them in his hand and his heart will be grateful
for this sweet, untasted fruit.”

And I? I would stand there before this material
thing of canvas and oils, and what it would it say to
me? It would say nothing. I saw only a not-so-mas-
terful piece of art: Two pieces of fruit and a bottle
on a tablecloth. But then, ’m not a woman nearing
the autumn of lite, with a poor heart hungering with
desire for a passion long since turned to ashes. Nor
am I an aged broker dwelling solely on treasures to
be stored away, worrying over the cost of even the
most trivial of articles, so that my very soul has
shrunk and withered for want. Nor am I yet a boy,
a lad ready to test the mettle of life, ready to look on
the far-away hills, ready to trod the by-ways of the
world. And lastly, I am not a young maid ready to
blossom forth into beauty, yearning breathlessly for
a golden tomorrow.

No, I am none of these. And, being not but my-
self—self-contained—I look at life around me and
paint my own pictures on canvas of mind, livine
scenes, beautiful all.
