---
id: "535"
title: "Sex and the Prisoner or A Good Title is Hard to Find"
author: "WARREN, Harold Lee"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SEX AND THE PRISONER
or A, GOOD TITLE IS ITAARD TO FIND
by HAROLD LEE WARREN

Was the above title provocative enough to make
you start reading this? Well, that’s one of the func-
tions of a title. But you can stop reading now. This
is not about sex and/or the prisoner. It is about ti-
tles, a subject less fascinating than sex perhaps, but
ane which I know considerably more about.

It takes as much talent, of a sort, to write a
“block-busting” title as it does to write the story that
goes with it. The value of the just-right title can be
shown by the fact that a movie studio once offered
Tennessee Williams ten thousand dollars just to
write a title for one of their movies. With such tags
as CAT ON A HOT TIN ROOF and A STREETCAR
NAMED DESIRE to his credit, he is considered one
of the major titlists around today.

Of course, one of the important rules of the game
is that a title must have some connection with the
story. Otherwise, it is a very definite foul (and it
would take a Univae to count the number of fouls
committed). The more fitting a title is, the higher
its prestige and rating. One of the best in recent
years was by Polly Adler, the famed Madam, who
used this saying as the title for her biography: A
HOUSE IS NOT A HOME. And since, no matter
how often they were frequented, her houses were
certainly not homes, the title not only properly fit
the story, it also produced howls all over the country,
as well as jingling cash registers,

Another highly intriguing title consisted of only
one word—well, not exactly a word, but rather, a
sound. For that sound heard round-the-world, let’s
go now to Hollywood: The studio powers were going
over a new film in the proverbial smoke-filled (but
elaborate) office, when a writer began describing
the story to the Big Man. "This," he said, "is the
story of a marriage that goes phffft and the wife. .”
He was interrupted by the Big Man, who removed his
cigar long enough to exclaim, “A great story idea,
boy, and that's just what we ll call it!”

The writer quickly tried to recall what he’d just
said. “Oh, you mean we should call it THE STORY
OF A MARRIAGE?” he asked.

“No, you idiot!” Whe Big Man had arisen now
and announced: “We'll call it PHF FFT, with 3 fs.”

He turned his back and walked to the picture win-
dow, giving this revolutionary idea time to penetrate.
He then turned to grect the stunned, silent faces with
his second bomb-shell. “We’ve got this new girl on
the lot who’ll be perfect doing it,” looking supremely
satisfied.

The others looked at one another, now more puz-
zled than ever. The director, sure that the Big Man
was sick, was the first to speak: “But, Mr. Cohn,” he
said soothingly, “Judy Holliday is already signed to
do this picture.”

The Big Man looked at him with contempt and
roared, “Who’s talking about the picture? I’m talk-
ing about the title! We'll need a girl to say it! As
the title flashes on the screen, this gorgeous doll
looks into the camera and purrs PHFFFT." He
turned to his secretary, “What is that new girl’s
name, anyway?” The secretary checked rapidly
down a list, then answered, "Kim Novak.”

"Yeah," he said. "that's the one. We might 
even give her a build-up.”

So, this film not only launched a most unusual ti-
tle, it gave Kim Novak a pretty good send-off too.

While in Hollyood, let’s go over to Universal.
This studio had a big property and decided to
splurge—all the way. The costliest film they’d ever
made. The picture, amid proper fanfare opened in
New York. It was A TIME TO LOVE AND A TIME
TO DIE ( Now, mind you, nine word titles are rather
rare). It began rapidly to lay a four million dollar
ege. In desperation, Hollywood called New York.
“The title is too long,” they moaned, “and besides,
this is a war drama. Change it to A TIME TO DIE.”
New York complied. Business dipped even lower.
Another call from Hollywood: “People don’t want
war now. They want love. Change it to A TIME
TO LOVE.” New York again complied. Business
didn’t dive any lower (it couldn’t), but it didn’t rise
either. Im the last of the calls, New York finally
spoke up: “Let’s face facts, we’ve got a little stinker
on our hands.”

Hollywood said, “No, no, youre wrong. ‘This,
whatever else you may choose to call it, is no little
stinker. Hold the phone a minute.”

New York heard Hollywood saying to his sec-
retary, “Miss Thompson, get my doctor back on the
phone right away. My ulcer must be bleeding. And
bring that new medicine. I may have cancer.” He
picked up the phone again, all charm and dignity.
“Now, what was I saying? Oh, yes. . I would like to
inform you that we do not produce little stinkers, as
you call them.” His voice was volume-controlled,
but was now becoming louder. “I am sure,” he said,
“that each of us in the studio would appreciate your
showing more respect for our product. You give the
picture no prestige, no honor whatever. In the fu-
ture, please refer to this picture as what it really is,
the biggest stinker there ever was!”

The movie industry knows full-well the value
and scarcity of good titles, and they are quick to pick
them up. A good example: A studio happily
bought a book that clearly could not be filmed, but
its title was worth the price. It was the stunning
REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE, a title packed with
drama, and a magnetic punch. Other good titles:
SUDDENLY, LAST SUMMER (Puts a question in
the mind, what happened so suddenly, last summer?)
—THE DARK AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS
(Yeah? What’s up there?)

Of course, a title does not stand alone. BABY
DOLL might make you think possibly of sweet little
girl and her iddy-bitty toys, but—put Tennessee
Williams’ name in front of it and Carroll Baker’s
name in back of it. Does the meaning change slight-
ky? Wow bet it does!

Ah, but as in all things, there must be the ex-
ception that makes the rule. A notable exception:
THE NAKED MAJA is certainly a good title. Ava
Gardner playing THE NAKED MAJA makes it pos-
itively startling, and one that should be a sure-fire
winner, but no. It was a dull picture and it fell flat
on its naked face. The ever-expanding knowledge
and sophistication of the public have taken them to
the point where they are considerably more selective.

In the good old days when Warner Brothers had
its stable of million dollar gangsters, ready to inhabit
any jail at the drop of a contract, there were some
brilliant, imaginative and subtle prison titles, with
equally fine stories. For Alcatraz: THE HOUSE A-
CROSS THE BAY, for Sing-Sing: CASTLE ON THE
HUDSON, and so on. But now-a-days the prison
scene has been relegated to a lowly position, with
subtle-as-a-boml, mnot-so-hot titles, such as BIG
HOUSH, USA and REVOLT IN THE BIG HOUSE.
Exception: HOUSE OF NUMBERS, a title as clever
as its story, about San Quentin this time.

Women’s names have always held a certain
fascination (ROXIE HART, MILDRED PIERCE,
JEZEBEL and a few million others). Of course, a
bad woman sells much easier than a good woman.
Two producers went stone broke trying to prove
otherwise. Walter Wanger spent every nickel he
could borrow in an abortive effort to sell JOAN OF
ARC. No sale. It was the second-greatest disaster in
filmdom. It took a decade for Walter to get back on
his feet again. And who put him on the comeback
trail? Why, another woman of course, but this time
it was one not quite so saintly as Joan. This one was
Barbara Graham. Babs conveniently walked into
the gas chamber and inspired one of the greatest
come-backs in screen history!

I mentioned that Walter’s Joan was the second-
greatest disaster. Now, to the greatest. It came
many years later and can be eredited to Otto Prem-
inger, a brave producer if ever there was one. The
jolgiuee? = Way, JOUN Ol AIRC, whet, elee? TL
Walter couldn’t do it with Ingrid Bergman, the big-
gest star in the business, Otto could, with an un-
known. Final results: The girl became known (as
one who left the farm too soon) and the film became
known, too (as the first flop to be total and abso-
lute) !

Never under-estimate Hollywood though where
their titles are concerned. And don’t believe every-
thing you read, either. Let us follow the headlines
on a new picture: UNIVERSAL SIGNS ROCK
HUDSON AND DORIS DAY TO STAR IN "PIL-
LOW TALK” followed later by “PILLOW TALK”
TOO SUGGESTIVE. TITLE TO BE CHANGED
followed later by “PILLOW TALK” CHANGED TO
“ANY WAY THE WIND BLOWS” followed by
“ANY WAY THE WIND BLOWS” NEARS COM-
PLETION. The headlines suddenly and convenient-
ly cease. Next comes the first ad for the picture, a
two-page number, with this title: PILLOW TALK,
and with this sub-title: IT’S WHAT GOES ON
WHEN THE LIGHTS GO OFF! You see, from the
beginning they had no intentions of giving up their
good title. The moral of this episode is simple: Pub-
licity, like gold, is where you find it.

Then there is what is known as “this year’s ti-
tle.” Last year it was ANATOMY OF A MURDER.
As it trickled off the tongues of millions that little
word, anatomy, suddenly became a real cutie. It was
quickly picked up by an authoress, who called her
biography, modestly enough, ANATOMY OF ME.
A judge, concerned with communism called his AN-
ATOMY OF FREEDOM. More could be named, but
since the point is made, let’s go on to find the finale:

A title that could top any lst of those most ap-
propriate. And this one dates way back to a remark
made in 1932. It was Mae West’s first movie, and
when someone commented on her progress, exclaim-
ing, “Goodness!” Mae turned, dropped an eye-lash
or two and uttered the words that were to become
the title of her biography 27 years later, “Goodness
Had Nothing To Do With It!"

I could probably write a book on titles, but since
it wouldn’t be the best book in the world, I’d have to
make sure it had the best title, and think what a hell
of a time I'd have finding that!

THE END
