---
id: "536"
title: "On Public Executions"
author: "Teeters, Negley K. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Concluding Three in a Series of Five Articles
ON PUBLIC EXECUTIONS
by NEGLEY K. TEETERS
Copyright 1959

Early Hangings Had Festive Air

Editor's Note: This is the third of a series by Neg-
ley K. Teeters, Professor of sociology and anthropo-
logy.

English novelists have painted many a gruesome
portrait of public executions, but there are graphic
descriptions in our own literature that put their works
to shame.

The declaration of a “Roman Holiday” meant that
thousands would take off an entire day, and endless
streams of curious and maudlin people would flock to
the execution grounds.

After an execution in 1832, the newspaper in
Doylestown reported that of the ten thousand spec-
tators “we are pleased to state there were no more
than one hundred females in the vast concourse.”
And in the opinion of Kdward Livingston, astute
legal expert who drafted the legal code for Louisi-
ana, “they are scenes of riot and every species of
wickedness; twenty, thirty, forty thousand persons
are in attendance. In the country, two or three days
are employed in merry-making, much after the fairs
of former days.” He describes a spectacle at Orwigs-
burg, Schuylkill County, where a convicted man re-
ceived a gallows-side reprieve because of insanity.

Livingston tells of the huge crowd raising a “fero-
cious cry" at the delay. He continues: "Their fury,
knew no bounds; and the poor maniac was with diffi-
culty snatched by the officers from a fate which the
most violent among them determined to inflict.’

A description of an execution was presented in a 
paper read before the Lebanon County Historical So-
ciety by Dr. S. P. Heilman, in 1902. He was describing
the execution of “Jimmie” Quinn, who was hanged
February 9, 1827 for the murder of his wife Biddy.

Dr. Heilman writes: "The scenes attending the
hanging were degrading. They were made occasions
for large gatherings from far and near, mostly bent
on idle curiousity or for a grand jollification, and some
even bent on attempt to rescue the prisoner. They
came by wagons, on horseback and on foot. They came
long distances, arriving the night before, crowding the
taverns or sleeping in their wagons. On the road to the
place of exectition, booths were erected tor the sale
of confectionaries, eatables and intoxicants . . .

“In Lancaster, at the execution of John Lechler
on October 25, 1822, some 30,000 people attended
with over 2,000 from York county and a great many
from Dauphin, Lebanon, Berks, Montgomery and
Chester attending. The mayor had issued a proc-
lamation urging every one to be calm and prohibit-
ing the sale of liquor and charged the tavernkeepers
for their own honor to prevent gambling, drunken-
ness, dancing and all immoral transactions within
their own houses.’ ”

The local newspaper contended that the “crowd
retired after the execution without any of the confu-
sion which too often occurs and without a single acci-
dent. Such was the peaceful and praiseworthy con-
duct of all, that those clothed with authority saw no
cause to exercise it."

But such was not the case at all. As one person
wrote of the Lechler execution: “That evening fifteen
persons were committed to prison, one for murder and
one for larceny (Livingston said the jail couldn’t hold
all the pickpockets that were rounded up). The per-
son committing the murder was John Wilson who
stabbed Thomas Burns in a drunken affray at a tavern
near the old factory.” Livingston bitterly told of the
debauchery that followed the hanging.

Wilson was apprehended and had the same irons
put on him which had scarcely been laid off Lechler
long enough to get cold.

The breaking of the rope at a hanging was anoth-
er event which happened more frequently than one
would imagine the law of averages to allow. When
this occurred, a great shout would rise from the crowd.
Surging forward, they would often attempt to rescue
the victim, since it seemed to be a tradition based per-
haps on nothing more than wishful thinking. Appar-
ently they believed the victim should go free when
this phenomenon took place.

The rope broke during the “Jimmie” Quinn
hanging at Lebanon. It happened again during the
execution of “Negro Dan” Byers in Bellefonte, Cen-
tre County, on December 18, 1802. Byers, a slave,
was appraised for $214 which was awarded his own-
er. When the rope broke the crowd shouted: ‘‘Dan’s
free!” In the melee, while the crowd was being
forced back by the militia, “a gentleman came up to
Dan and said, ‘Dan, you have always been a good
boy; go up now and be hung like a man.’ ”

It was reported that Dan obliged.

Crimes During Revolution
Showed Marked Increase

(Editor's Note: This is the fourth in a series by
Negley K. Teeters, professor of sociology and anthro-
pology.)

There was no moratorium on crime during the
Revolution. In fact, executions in Pennsylvania were
stepped up with almost 100 taking place between 1776
and 1790. Most of these were for murder or burglary.

There were only nine persons executed for breach
of the "public safety," that is, for treason and for
“aiding the enemy.” Most of the so-called dissident
persons who were suspect, among whom were Tories
and Quakers, were placed in the concentration camps
of the day. Many Quakers were sent to a camp in
Winchester, Va.

This period was a trying one for the “committees
of safety” but there seems to be considerable zeal,
if not hysteria, abroad as well as justifiable caution
in the legacy we have from contemporary accounts.

Our Investigations show that of the nine persons
executed in the Commonwealth for reasons of se-
curity, there was one spy, three for treason, three
for desertion to the enemy, and two for “‘aiding the
enemy.” There is no doubt that the hysteria was
responsible for at least two of these executions—
those of John Roberts and Abraham Carlisle.

These elderly men were Quakers and were charged
with aiding the enemy. Apparently the aid consisted
of urging people to enlist with the British. Although
much pressure was brought on the “Committee” by
many influential men of the day, the two were hanged
on November 4, 1788 and were buried in the Friend’s
Burial Ground. The historians Scharf and Westcott,
wre lake as mS8o sacl “Mache Sxeckinion aime ine
seizing of their property appears to this day to have
been dictated by the desire to satisfy popular clamor
rather than a spirit of justice.”

Our records show only one spy executed. He was
James Molesworth, executed March 31, 1777. He had
been sent down from New York by General Howe,
British Commander, to obtain pilots to conduct the
British fleet up the Delaware in a projected attack.

There were three executed for desertion from
the service. One, an Irishman named Patrick Mc-
Mullen, executed September 4, 1778, was apparently
disdainful of the event. The news story said that he
“was hardened and insensible of his unhappy sit-
uation” and that “when the executioner put the rope
around his neck said that it was strong enough to
hang any man.” He is said to have “defrauded Con-
gress of the enlistment money."

George Spangler, executed for treason, was first
charged by Benedict Arnold before that notorious
turncoat himself went astray. Arnold called him a
British spy who had served as a guide for the enemy
soldiers during the winter of 1776. Spangler was
hung on the Commons on August 14, 1778.

A completely bizarre case involving piracy took
place in 1781. Thomas Wilkinson was convicted and
condemned to die on May 23 on Windmill Island.
I‘urthermore, the sentence ordered that “his body be
taken down to Mud Island and hanged in chains.” A
“eibbet iron ” was ordered to be fashioned to encase
the body but it was never used. After much pulling
and hauling Wilkinson was pardoned, thanks mainly
to the efforts of the patriot, Stephen Decatur. The
gibbet iron was paid for and was placed in the Walnut
Street Jail until that gloomy prison was replaced in
1835 by our present Moyamensing Prison.

A contemporary reporter calls attention to the
gibbet in these words, “On the wall hangs an iron chain,
curiously wrought. Its purpose was to encase the cul-
prit so that he might not fall to pieces while he hung on
high, to poison half mankind.” But when the new jail
was opened, the gibbet went along and hung in the
prison at 10th and Reed for over a hundred years.

Only a few years ago the prison board turned
it over to the Atwater Kent Museum where it may
be seen today—the gibbet iron made to hang
Wilkinson was never used. It is believed that this
was the only gibbet iron ever made in Philadelphia
and that Wilkinson was the only man ever sentenced
to hang in one.

One of the most exciting executions of the
period was a mass execution in 1789. In this year
a group of five “wheelbarrow men’’—convicts who
worked on the streets heavily manacled—broke jail
and made their way to the home of one McFarland,
a drover, which stood on the present site of Wana-
maker’s store.

Here they killed the owner and robbed the place.
They were apprehended and executed en masse within
a few feet of the scene of their crime, on the Commons,
on October 12, The Daily Advertiser says of these men,
“Their behavior appeared penitent and suited their
deplorable situation; among them were two or three
who have often been concerned in business similar to
the above, the merciful tenderness of the law serving
only to encourage their bloody depredations.” Which
goes to show that editorial comment was even at that
early date turned against “the pardon board.”

There is nothing new under the sun.

Many Public Hangings
Had Dramatic Personal Flair

Ed. note: This is the last of a series on public execu-
tions in Pennsylvania by Dr. Negley K. Teeters, pro-
fessor of sociology and anthropology.

The run of the mine of our better than 200 exe-
cutions are sordid affairs, the results of debauchery,
drink, greed, jealousy, fear and perhaps, poverty and
misery. But as we have shown in previous articles,
several are dramatic, a few romantic. Many have more
than casual interest. Here we read of a Negro slave,
Christian Sharp, who killed a “Slave Drover,’ one
Carlyle who came up from the South to retrieve runa-
aways.

In a cemetery in Spruce Alley in Washington, Pa.,
one may still read on a little headstone, “In Memory of
Robert Carlyle of Woodford City, Ky. who was mur-
dered by his slave Christian near this borough on Feb-
ruary 1, 1825; in his 25th year."

The most romantic, yet sordid, case is that often
referred to as the Ann Carson, Quaker City Co-
quette affair. Lieut. Richard Smyth was a dashing
Irish officer who fought bravely in the War of 1812
for the Americans. Upon return to Philadelphia he
fell in love with a comely young matron, mother of
two children, to a Capt. Carson, a ship captain away
at sea. To help her with her irregular income she
operated a crockery shop which was a kind of
“hangout” for the young blades of the city.

She coyly returned the fervent smiles of the young
lieutenant but insisted that it was improper to permit
more than an innocent flirtation to insue—at least un-
til she was more certain that a rumor being circulated
Was true—that her Captain (many years older than
she) had not been lost at sea. In due course Smyth in-
sisted on matrimony and the pleasantly demure, but
nonetheless acquiescent young matron succumbed. The
dashing Smyth hired a gig and whisked her to an inn
at Frankford where he had planted a minister to con-
summate the nuptials. 

Of course, Carson was not dead and, like Enoch
Arden, soon returned. In a shooting fray Smyth
killed Carson—he claimed in self-defense—and most
townspeople believed him. However, he was con-
victed and sentenced to hang. Ann did her best to
frustrate the ends of Pennsylvania justice. She tried
to bribe the jailers of the Walnut Street jail to spirit
him out to her. They refused.

Then she hatched a daring scheme to kidnap Gov-
ernor Simon Snyder as he drove in his carriage from
his home in Selinsgrove to the Capitol at Harrisburg
but this failed also. However, she and her conspirators
were arrested and placed in the Dauphin county jail to
aural imal, Wine tere ILieuit, Smmyila was executed
August 10, 1816 on “North West Square’ now Logan
Circle, with many thousands of sympathetic spectators
looking on.

The career of Ann Carson Smyth grew progress-
ively worse. She joined a gang of counterfeiters and
in due time she was sent to jail. She was convicted
and given a term of two years in the same jail from
whence her husband went to his execution. She quar-
relled with some female felons and was badly beaten
up. The slovenly and careless jail matron is alleged
to have placed her in a bed in the hospital ward, recent-
ly occupied by a victim of typhus, without changing
the linen. Ann because of her wounds and this in-
fectious exposure, soon died.

One may read the account of this amazing tale
in a book written by a Mrs. Clarke, published in
1838 and entitled “The Memoirs of the Celebrated
and beautiful Mrs. Ann Carson.”

Agitation to dispense with the public feature of
capital punishment began to be expressed in 1817 al-
though Dr. Benjamin Rush, colonial physician had de-
nounced all forms of public punishment as early as
1787. But in 1824, due no doubt to the execution of a
Negro, Benjamin Spencer in February 1824, on Mar-
ket Square in Harrisburg, prompted some legislators
to press for the bill calling for execution to be per-
formed inside jails rather than in the market place.
After much pushing and hauling the Act of April 10,
1834 was passed and signed into law. Pennsylvania
was the first state to take such action, followed shortly
thereafter by New Jersey, New York and Massa-
chusetts.

The remainder of the states were tardy in en-
acting similar legislation but eventually they did.
Kentucky was probably the last to abolish public
hangings. The iast one in that state took place on
August 14, 1936 at Owensboro when a 22 year old
Negro was hanged after being convicted for assault-
ing and killing a 70 year old woman. Over 10,000
people witnessed the event.

While there is quite a folklore built up in this
country about hangings, and this is equally true of
Pennsylvania, there is a sizeable repository of “hang-
ing ballads” also in existence. However, inquiry finds
that no such ballads apparently exist in the state of
Pennsylvania until after the days of public hangings.
Mrs. Oliver Wooley Burt, author of a recent work
entitled “American Murder Ballads” (1958) sets down
the words and events leading up to the composition of
Pennsylvania ballads.

They are the case of Joshua Jones who killed his
wife at Ellisberg and was executed in 1838; “The
Ghost of Joshua Jones;” the case of Polly Williams
who was murdered at White Rocks near Uniontown in
1810 but the defendant was acquitted; “The Ballad of
Polly Williams;” and a killing that grew out of the
Homestead strike in 1892 the title of which is “Father
was Killed by the Pinkerton Men.”

The archives of Pennsylvania historical societies
are full of clinical social data—as are the libraries
of ail of our states. The data surrounding such a
gory subject as public executions are not complete
and one finds many puzzling gaps. The writer has
been gratified and no little surprised to find the
amount of interest elicited by this study.

The folklore of hanging, including the writing and
singing of quaint and sad ballads is testimony of the
interest. And to top it off, we find a best selling record
repeated time and again on radio and television that
deals with a hanging: “Hang Down Your Head Tom
Dooly.” Pennsylvania can’t lay claim to this outlaw;
he belongs to North Carolina.

Reprint permission granted solely to the Penal Press
