---
id: "539"
title: "Still the Same, Just a New Name"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by FRANCIS A. MURPHY

Still The Same,
Just A New Name

At the present time, the titles and lyrics of to-
day’s tunes seem to be a matter of universal discus-
sion. Today’s Teen-Ager refers to them as: Cool,
The Most, EKennchy, Real Gone, Solid, ete. The so-
ealled “Adult Group” refer to them as disgraceful.
They sneer, pass snide remarks, and when any at-
tempt is made to explain the workings of a number
that is classified as Jazz, Rock ,n Roll, etc., they give
out with a yell like a hysterical Captain Rizzo raid-
ing a Coffee House. They take pains to point out
that the titles have no connection with the song and
the lyrics are senseless, (as senseless as applying for
a pardon today when you only have twenty years
served) just a mish-mash of unconnected words.
They refer, of course, to such titles as Hey Bob-A-Re-
Bob, Oop-Bop-Sh-Boom, Slipped Disc, Wiggle Woog-
ie, and other. All I can say is youre only young
onee, and if you handle it right, once is enough.

Let’s go back a few years, say the late 1930’s
and early 40’s, and note the difference, if any, in the
song titles and lyrics as compared to those of today.
We’ll toss in a few hep expressions that were popular
then, too.

The Teen-Agers of yesterday were called “Cake
Walkers.” (Don’t ask me why.) They had their hep
talk or jive to signify acceptance or rejection of the
popular numbers of the day, such as: Ja Da, Three
Itty Fishes, Barney Google, Yes, We have No Banan-
as, I Want Some Sea Food Mama, Diga Diga Do, ete.
They referred to those hits as “the cat’s pajamas, the
bee’s knees.” They are just a few of the numbers
Old-Timers deem songs of the Good Old Days. Do
these titles make any more sense than today’s titles?
Oh Yeah, Yer Fodder’s Mustache!

The lyrics of the Good Old Songs really make
sense, such as: Mares eat oats, Does eat oats, and
little lambs eat ivy; Ja Da, Ja Da, Ja Da, Ja Da, Ging
Ging Ging. These are bonafide samples of Hit num-
bers. Perhaps you will say these are novelty numbers
and no eriterion of the songs of yesterday, so we will
take one of the most popular of yesterday’s ballads,
“Pennies from Heaven,” and analyze it.

Woweecee, as they were wont to say in the old
days, Jeepers this is really keen, Hummm? It begins
with a very sensible and intelligent line: “Every
time it rains, it rains pennies from heaven.” I can
see the old-timer singing a fast two choruses of that
to his lady love twenty years ago, naturally he has
his uke and a real sharp crease in his bell bottom
trousers. She looks up at him and smiles. He looks
down at her and smiles, giving out with a real witty
remark: “I love my wife, but oh you kid.” She says:
“Oh Yeah!” and everybody falls down from laugh-
ing.

Those rubes were so square what when you said
“Hello” to them they couldn’t think of an answer.
This same hipster grew up in a maze of complexes.
When he attended a football game and saw the team
in a huddle, he thought they were talking about him.
A psychiatrist would have a ball with those old
dudes, but like I say, anybody who needs a psychia-
trist should have his head examined.

There is another line in the same number that I
dig the most: “You'll find that fortunes are falling
all over town.” Man, when I think of the years I
wasted trying to get a fortune by packing a rod,
when all the time fortunes were falling all over town.
Maybe I was in jail then too, and missed it.

There is an additional line that I just have to
mention: “Be sure to hold your umbrella upside
down.” Now that does it. The song says: Be sure
to hold your umbrella upside down, so, somebody
says: “Why do you hold your umbrella upside down,
Clyde?” All I can say brother, you better have a
good answer. I dare you to tell someone that the rea-
son is because it’s raining pennies from heaven. Per-
sonally I would like to see street car transfers falling
from heaven, just to see how Captain Rizzo would
handle it.

So there you are. The lyrics, the titles, the so-
called hep expressions, just about the same as they
were twenty years ago. Musical appreciation and
taste vary very little throughout the years. It all
adds up to: “There is nothing new under the sun,”
musically speaking. Plant you now, dig you later,
Twenty-Three Skidoo. If you can remember Twenty-
Three Skidoo, apply for parole immediately. You
can’t possibly have much longer to whistle “Mack
the Knife.”

In closing this little mish-mash may I be per-
mitted to point, with pardonable pride, to the fact
that I am here safe in the confines of this institution
when all the while, somewhere in the far reaches of
this great world, ELVIS THE PELVIS is defending
me.
