---
id: "540"
title: "Basketball"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0036.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
BASKETBALL

Nov. 1—The First Half of the E.S.P. Basketball
League came to a successful close before the cold
weather set in. The DONS clinched the First Half
honors, wath 18 wine aime 3 losses, om Oct, dil, loy
defeating RELIABLE, 65-61. Elijah Sheppard, the
playing manager for the DONS, piloted his team
through the First Half holding first place all the
way. He was his team’s highest scorer with a total
of 344 points for an average of 17.4 per game. The
DONS second highest scorer was the former man-
ager, Woody, totaling 320 for an average of 16 points
per game,

RELIABLE, managed by John O’Brien, held
the runner-up spot throughout the First Half. Ben
Tucker, the club’s leading scorer, was also fifth in
the league in scoring. He amassed 303 points for an
average of 15.9 per game. Robert “Tailgate” Cotten,
since departed from this institution, was second in
the club’s scoring column with a total of 277, or 15.4
per outing.

Harry Fricker and his HAWKS didn’t soar
higher nor lower than third during the half even
though Bogardus, the club’s 6’38” center, was the
highest scorer in the league with 364 points—per
game average of 17.7 points. The pilot, Harry
Fricker, was the club’s second best scorer: a total of
264, or a per game average of 14.6 points.

Shakey Young, the former manager of the
WARRIORS, was forced to relinquish the pilotship
and his club folded

With the WARRIORS out, the 4th place
CELTICS, under the leadership of Albert Sheppard,
automatically dropped into the cellar. Although
Shep made a great individual effort to bail his club
out ot last place, it proved to be of no avail, He
scored 362 points for the league’s second highest
total and placed first with a per game average
of 18.5.

FINAL
FIRST HALF STANDINGS
TEAM       WON   LOST   G.B.
Dons        18*    3     — *Dons won by
Reliable    12     9*    6  forfeit over
Hawks       10    11     8  Reliable.
Celtics      7    14    11
Warriors     4    14    12 1/2 Dropped out of League.

As it has often been said: An organization can-
not exceed the caliber of its officials. Our thanks go
to Thomas Davis, Ralph Burrel and Russell for sue-
ceding in their effort to demonstrate that, in spite of
the conditions one may be officiating under, the good
qualities of the individual always create a noticeable
reflection, satisfactory results being the end product.

TEAM SCORING
               Total   Opp.
TEAM     G.P.   pts.   pts.
Dons      20    1235   1090
Reliable  20    1087   1028
Hawks     21    1214   1190
Celtics   20    1011   1114
Warriors  18     988   1113

INDIVIDUAL SCORING LEADERS
(Minimum of 100 points.)

PLAYER      TEAM    G.P.   TOTAL   AVE.
                           PTS.   PER GAME
Bogardus    Hawks    21    364     17.7
A. Shep    Celtics   20    362     18.5
E. Shep      Dons    20    344     17.4
Woody        Dons    20    320     16.0
Tucker     Reliable  19    303     15.9
Tail-Gate  Reliable  18    277     15.4
Fricker     Hawks    18    264     14.6
Cochise    Celtics   21    208      9.9
R. Irwin   Reliable  18    187     14.5
J. O’Brien Reliable  17    182     10.7
Curly      Reliable  18    162      9.0
Junebug      Dons    20    159      7.9
Roosevelt   Hawks    16    148      7.1
Morrison    Hawks    16    144      9.0
Ray       Warriors   14    144     10.4
Blackie    Celtics   20    141      7.1
Freddie     Hawks    19    126      6.7
Norman    Reliable   21    125      5.8
Duck        Dons     20    117      5.9
Pinky       Hawks    21    116      5.7
A.A. Joe  Reliable   19    109      5.9
Shakey    Warriors    8    107     13.3

SOUTH PHILADELPHIA COLTS EDGE
E. S. P. VARSITY — 59-57

The visiting South Philadelphia Colts once again
demonstrated their superior basketball skill by de-
feating our Varsity All-Stars by a two point margin,
59 - 57.

At the opening tap-off the Colts broke their
traces and romped off to a 10 to 1 lead. At this
stage of the game John O’Brien, All-Star coach, un-
doubtedly could see the handwriting on the wall. He
called for a time-out. When play resumed John
Bolden, Colt forward who had hit on four of five
shots from the field, was slowed down a bit by a tight
zone defense. This change forced Mr. Deadeye to
pass off more often and the All-Stars, behind the re-
bounding and sharpshooting of Adderly and E. Shep-
pard, and the playmaking of Fricker, Woody and
Morrison, began to click.

At the end of the first quarter the Stars were
down by only six points.

In the second quarter the Colts outscored our
Varsity by seven points.

Starting the second half O’Brien used Cochise,
Tucker and Curly to replace Fricker, Woody and
Morrison. This gave the Stars plenty of heighth
and though outscoring the Colts in the third and
final stanzas, they were unable to overcome the
visiting team’s early lead.

The Colts, led by Bill Brown and Coach Robin-
son, are the most unified basketball club yet to ap-
pear here. Brown was superb with his dribbling,
passing off and setting up plays for Bolden, Rob By-
man and Thomas Mapp.

SOUTH PHILA. COLTS
Player            FG.   F.   Pts.
Thomas Mapp (8)    4   1-2   9
Bill Bolden (38)  10   3-9   23
Chas. Cosby (11)   0   2-3   2
Rob Byman (10)     5   4-4   14
Bill Brown (5)     3   1-4   7
Dick Floyd (4)     0   2-2   2
Ed Comfer (14)     0   0-1   0
Total             22  15-23  59

E. S. P. ALL-STARS
Player     FG.   F.  Pts.
Fricker     1   1-1    3
Woody       2   1-2    5
Adderly     9   4-9   22
Morrison    1   0-1    2
E. Sheppard 7   3-5   17
Chocise     3   0-2    6
Curly       0   0-0    0
Croxton     0   0-0    0
Tucker      0   2-2    2
Bogardus    0   0-0    0
A. Sheppard 0   0-0    0
Total       23 11-22  57

Referees: R. Burrel, Thomas Davis.
Scorers: Fisher and Roosevelt
