---
id: "541"
title: "Football"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL

Football is one of the oldest sports played today.
A rough and rugged game, it should always be play-
ed in the spirit of competition. We add credit to our-
selves being good sports both on and off the field
of play.

Sept. 27—A good day for football, dawning warm
and clear, this was a day of expectancy here at E.S8.P.
As you entered the yard, on the 3-Block field, you
could see Gilmore—Referee, Croxton—Field Judge,
Cornbread—Head Linesman, and O’Brien—Back-
field Judge, along with “The Runt” Jordan, Youngie
and George on the sticks, and Funzzy on the timer,
preparing to inaugurate the 1959 Football Season.

On the field to open the season were Gallagher’s
“Sabers” in green jerseys, to be opposed by Teasey’s
red-jersied “Colts.” The game ended in a scoreless
tie.

Sabers Squad: Joe Massanova, Pinky Andrews,
Richie, Sukey, Gindle, Pencil Willie, Collins, Shakey,
Zip, Blessing, Tucker, Lucky, Gaylord, Scoleri,
Lightkep, Zeitz, Irish, Brooks, Ditters, and A. Shep.

Colts Squad: Irwin, Roosevelt, Teasey, Pearson,
Connors, McCord, Mobley, Nick, Jerome, Gray,
Abou, Salty, Turk and Rice.

All of the squad members saw action in the
game.

The Colts scored a touchdown in the last period
on a plunge by Rob Irwin, only to have it called back
because of backfield-in-motion penalty.

Oct. 4—The Colts again met the Sabers with the
Sabers ekeing out a 7 to 6 victory. Noticeable in this
game were penalties and fumbles due to the in-
clement weather which affected the play of both
squads.

Oct. 12—This just wasn’t the Colts day for they went
down to defeat once again at the hands of the Sabers.
The final score: 12 - 0.

Space won’t permit our giving credit to each of
the players, so let’s just give a hand to them all for
their spirited play. The Sabers’ win was a team vic-
poe and the Colts played a commendable game in de-
feat.

Oct. 25—On this Sunday morning, an outweighed
and outmanned Green team was defeated by the
Colts (red jerseys) in a game played on ole’ Cherry
Hills 3-Block field. A long pass from Norman to
Newt gave the Reds a touchdown, and the score
stood at 6-0 when Roosevelt failed by inches in his
try for the extra point.

Green Squad: Gindle, Lightkep, Anderson, Pencil
Willie, Ditters, Blessing, Tucker, Cantoral, Collins,
Gaylord, Pinky, Brooks and Franny McLaughlin.
Red Squad: Big Six, Gray, Junior, Teasey, Norman,

Lomax, Mobley, Newt, Duck, Mack, Roosevelt, Turk,
Adderly and Juice. 

The running of Adderly seemed to be an inspir-
ation to the Red team. Brooks and Franny
McLaughlin, a newcomer, also played a prominent
part in containing the Red team throughout the
afternoon. The game produced the season’s surprise
in veteran “Gaylord” Robinson who is really playing
some fine ball.

Oct. 30—The Cobras met the Colts today in a hard
fought affair. The final whistle found Gallagher’s
Cobras besting Mickey Taylor’s Colts by a 13-7 score.
Colts Squad: Mickey ‘Taylor, Rice, Nick, Bell,
Bennett, Tennessee, Bean, Gaylord, Harman, Gard-
ner, Massey, Mobley and Breaker.

Cobras Squad: Gallagher, Teasey, Cantoral, Richie,
Trish, Mayberry, Ditters, Joe, Mike, Green, Shep and
Norman.

The two pass interceptions by Mickey Taylor
were alert defensive maneuvers. William Bell, run-
ning from the left-half slot, showed his ability with
the pigskin and almost broke loose on a number of
occasions. The Colts’ only touchdown was scored
by Nick behind the brilliant blocking of his team-
mates. The extra point was added by Nick, the
plunging full back, who is a speedy and very alert
newcomer.

Rice, another newcomer, showed promise and is
to be watched because he gets better with each game.
Tucker, another-end-come-lately, is to be praised for
a fine game at end where he is an ever-present dan-
ger.
