---
id: "542"
title: "Softball"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0038.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
SOFTBALL

CUBAN LEAGUE SOFTBALL

Aug. 30— The curtain came down on the 1959 soft-
ball season after a very hectic race. The finale found
the team standings as follows:

TEAM       G.P.   W.  L  Pct.  G.B.
DODGERS    37    28   9  .757   —
FALCONS    35    23  12  .657   4
YANKS      36    21  15  .538   6 1/2
RAMS       36    17  19  .472  10 1/2
PIRATES    34    12  20  .353  14 1/2
GIANTS     38     7  31  .184  21 1/2

A series of rain-outs abbreviated the scheduled
40 game season.

CUBAN LEAGUE LEADERS

      RUNS BATTED IN              RUNS SCORED
PLAYER     TEAM     RBI's   PLAYER   TEAM      (R.s)
Lucky     Falcons   22     Chuck     Yanks       35
Curley    Yanks     22     Lucky     Falcons     34
Bell      Falcons   19     Tailgate  Falcons     30
Pigmeat   Dodgers   18     Curley    Yanks       26
Barney    Yanks     14     Juice     Dodgers     20

     DOUBLES 
PLAYER    TEAM 
Curley    Yanks    15 
Bell      Falcons  11 
Pigmeat   Dodgers   9
Mac       Falcons   8  
Norman    Pirates   7

    TRIPLES
PLAYER    TEAM
Culley    Yanks     4
Junebug   Rams      4
Pigmeat   Dodgers   3
Bell      Falcons   2

HOME RUNS
PLAYER     TEAM (H.R.'s)
Pigmeat    Dodgers     5
Curley     Yanks       4
Lucky      Falcons     2

CUBAN LEAGUE VS. VISITORS

Under the management and coaching of Mr.
Thomas H. Graham, Director of Education and Ath-
letics, and John Gilmore, the Cuban League All-Stars
had a successful season against outside competition.
All of us who witnessed these games must acclaim
the Downtown A. C. as the toughest opponent to visit
here this past season.

TEAM        GP.   W.   L.   Pct.
ALL-STARS   13    7    6    .538
VISITORS    13    6    7    .462

STOREHOUSE LEAGUE
CARDINALS CAGED BY INSPIRED PHILLIES

Aug. 19—The call “Play Ball’ marked the beginning
of the playoffs for second place with Little Mack’s
“Phillies” meeting the “Cardinals” which we dubbed
the “Snuff Chewing Team.”

There were two outstanding games in the series
of seven. In game No. 1, Miketish of the Phillies
hurled a four-hitter opposing Bogardus who gave up
only five hits, but lost to the Phillies by a 2 - 1 score.
Game No. 6 was an extra-inning contest with Mike-
tish opposing Cleve Brown and winning by a 3-2
Score.

The Phillies took the first game, the Cardinals
bounced back to win the next three games. The
Phillies entered game No. 5 inspired and captured
the series with three straight victories in games 5, 6,
aunel T.

The Phillies defense was strengthened by
Jerome, Williams, Rob, Ray and Joe. The Cardinals
countered defensively with Hooks, Cleve, Harman
and Junior. Hach game was definitely a team vic-
tory with each player giving his best performance.

PHILLIES   Aver. 
Jerome     470 
Ray        388 
Mike       380 
Stonewall  375 

CARDINALS   Aver.
Wagner      400
Zeke        367
Elmer       333
Cleve       333

Pitcher   Team       W.   L.   Pct.
Miketich  Phillies   4    3   .571
Bogardus  Cardinals  2    2   .500
Cleve     Cardinals  1    2   .333

Bouquets of thanks to Sidney who did a very
fine job as official scorekeeper for the league.
