---
id: "543"
title: "The Robert Lindner Foundation"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1959"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "4"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1959_body0039.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE ROBERT LINDNER FOUNDATION
Third Annual Awards Competition
CONTEST RULES

SEND ENTRIES TO:
Robert Lindner Foundation
Fred E. Weisgal, Chairman
Prisoner Awards Committee
10 East Fayette Street
Baltimore 2, Maryland

ART: All art forms are acceptable; cartoons, sketches in pen or pencil, oil painting, water color, sculpture, etc. Please submit ORIGINAL, not photograph of work.

LITERATURE: Poetry, short stories, novels, plays, fiction and non-fiction are all acceptable. There are NO restric-
tions on subject or length of work. Manuscripts MUST BE TYPEWRITTEN, DOUBLE SPACED on re-
gular typewriter paper.

MUSIC: Original compositions in any of the music forms are acceptable.

SCIENCE: Inventive works of any mechanical or scientific nature are acceptable. Papers in any field of science
are included.

Architectural drawings are NOT acceptable.

1. Handicrafts /Hobbycrafts are not acceptable.

2. Entries need not be copywrited; however this may be done by individuals who feel such protection is necessary.

3. There is NO limit to the number of entries an individual may submit.

4. ALL ENTRIES MUST BE POSTMARKED ON OR BEFORE MARCH 15th, 1960.

5. The official entry form MUST BE filled out and sent in, in addition to the entries. Category of Entry-Art, Music,
Literature, Science. Type of work - Novel, Oil Painting, Pcetry, ect.

6. On each entry you submit, print clearly your fuil name, number, institution and address.

7. ALL WORKS MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY A SELF-ADDRESSED, STAMPED ENVELOPE LARGE ENOUGH TO
CONTAIN MANUSCRIPTS. (ART WORK SHOULD BE ACCOMPANIED BY RETURN POSTAGE.) We cannot
return entries which are not covered by return postage and envelopes.

8. Although every effort will be made to protect entries, we cannot be responsible for lost and/or damaged entries.

PLEASE FOLLOW THE ABOVE RULES
