---
id: "550"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From The
Superintendent's Desk

Many articles have been written on parole, lack of understanding of the prisoner,
what he wants to prove by his attitude and the desirability of participation in what
is known as programs in the institution. If, by programs, there is a misconception of
just what is meant, it becomes clear this should be clarified to our readers.

We are sure that the very production of this fine magazine makes it clear to many
that the men think deeply and make every effort to convey to society what they can
do. The Editor was commended for his article “For the Defense” by the American
Journal of Correction, January-February, 1960 issue, Volume 22-1. It would be well
to read the Editor's article, particularly his observation, “All programs can only ignite
within the prisoner a desire to reform.” Isn‘t that our function? Isn’t that why money
is spent for professional services to provide our men what is needed for rehabilitation?
I am sure that the public does not want a reversion to prisons as they were 200 years
ago - the rack, brutality, lack of humaneness, etc. Good and well-trained correctional
personnel, we believe, form the core upon which any program of rehabilitation is
built.

One of the most gratifying experiences of the staff this year was the opportunity
to award accredited high school diplomas to the men who completed the course in
our Evening School, in which we have well-trained civilian teachers. The use of the
Evening School program for pre-high school and high school subjects is one of which
we are very proud. We know our men yearn for education - - - it is available, make
use of it! It is our hope that we will be able to present high schoo! diplomas at the
end of our present term in greater numbers than last year. This may be a cliche but
we believe it most apropos - “Don’t just serve time, make time serve you.”

You can be certain that a good record of achievement in this and other programs
does not go by unnoticed on your parole or commutation record. Certainly, it means
sacrifices but it cannot be denied that it is well worth all of them. During your
confinement you should not have any negative reports - - they should be positive.
Only then will it be fair for you to ask, “Since we try to take constructive advantage
of the opportunities offered to us, shoudn’t they be recognized?” Your effort toward
your own rehabilitation is recognized and the Parole and Pardon Board give due weight
to your efforts. It is inevitable!

William J. Banmiller
