---
id: "551"
title: "An Introduction to Commutation"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by JAMES “Mike” SMITH

An Introduction
To Commutation

The Board of Pardons derives its authority di-
rectly from the set of fundamental principles by
which this Commonwealth is governed. Section 9 of
Article IV of the Pennsylvania Constitution of 1874
provides as follows:

"He (the Governor) shall have power to remit
fines and forfeitures, to grant reprieves, commutations
of sentence and pardons, except in cases of impeach-
ment; but no pardon shall be granted, nor sentence
commuted, except upon recommendation in writing of
the Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of the Common-
wealth, Attorney General, and Secretary of Internal
Affairs, or any three of them, after full hearing, upon
due public notice and in open session, and such reconi-
mendation, with the reasons therefor at length, shall
be recorded and filed in the office of the Secretary of
the Commonwealth."

In general, the Board hears and makes recom-
mendations on applications of the following catego-
ries: (1) petition for commutation of a death pen-
alty to life imprisonment; (2) petition for commuta-
tion of minimum sentence to make the applicant
eligible for release after parole by the Board of Pa-
role; (3) petition for commutation of a life sentence
to make the applicant eligible for parole by the
Board of Parole; (4) petition for commutation of
maximum sentence of applicants on parole at the
present time; (5) petitions for complete pardons by
applicants not now serving any sentence for purposes
of clearing their records.

The Board of Pardons very rarely actually re-
leases a man from prison. Favorable action on their
part only makes an inmate eligible for the further
action of the Board of Parole. The two boards are
completely separate administrative bodies having
vastly differing functions. This is an important dis-
tinction which is often unrecognized.

The Governor cannot grant pardons or commute
sentences without first receiving a favorable recom-
mendation from the Board of Pardons, but he is not
bound by their favorable recommendation, and may
reject the same and refuse to grant clemency to the
applicant. However, the Governor cannot grant
clemency in any case where the Board of Pardons has
made an unfavorable recommendation. In those cases
involving court sentences of less than two years, the
sentencing judge has the right to parole the appli-
cant on his own authority.

Although the commutation of capital cases
draws the most publicity because of the usually high
public interest, such action is comparatively rare
when compared to the more common “commutation
of minimum sentence.” The use of a hypothetical
situation permits the most graphic method of ex-
plaining the procedures involved in such commuta-
tion.

Let us say that John Doe was convicted of the
charge of Armed Robbery in 1954, and sentenced to
serve ten to twenty years in the state penitentiary.
This means that his minimum sentence is ten years,
and at the expiration of that time he will be eligible
to appear in front of the Parole Board. Through
their action he may be released to serve the remain-
der of his twenty years on parole. This procedure
has no connection with the workings of the Board
of Pardons.

Since we are dealing with a hypothetical case,
let us give John Doe the benefit of a hypothetical
partner, Paul Jones. Paul Jones was tried under a
different judge, and after being found guilty of the
charge was sentenced to five to ten years. The two
sentences were perhaps inequitable, but many
instances of such variance in sentencing procedure
may be found in the records of our courts.

This being 1960, Paul Jones was released on pa-
role upon the action of the Parole Board after serv-
ing his minimum of five years. John Doe, found
guilty of the same crime, still faces five years of im-
prisonment before becoming eligible for parole
action. Having during his previous years of confine-
ment taken advantage of all avenues open to him in-
sofar as rehabilitative efforts are concerned, and
feeling confident that he deserves some further con-
sideration in view of the individual facts of his case,
John Doe files for commutation of his ten year mini-
mum so that he may, like his partner, apply for
parole.

To do this he obtains from the Seeretary of the
Board of Pardons a set of ten copies of the prescribed
form which he must use for his application. A fee of
two dollars must be paid for these forms. His appli-
cation is then filed with the Board with a payment of
a fifteen dollar filing fee which is not refundable.

A copy of his application will be sent by the
Board of Pardons to the court and to the District
Attorney of the county from which the applicant was
sentenced; to the correctional institution in which
the applicant was or is confined in order to obtain
expressions of opinion as to the merits of the appli-
cation; and to the Board of Parole for its investiga-
tion.

Thus, at the time of the hearing the Board
should have available to it the following information
regarding the applicant:

‘‘A. A summary of the investigation by an agent of
the Parole Board, made 4 to 8 weeks prior to tie
hearing. This summary includes: (1) the parole plan
with the applicant’s home, job, and sponsor; (2)
reputation of the applicant; (3) comments of the
judge and district attorney on the merits of the
application; (4) the facts of the crime from notes of
testimony; (5) any discrepancies between what the
avplicant has stated in the application and what
appears from court testimony; (6) the applicant’s
prior criminal record, if any; (7) a list of accom-
plices, sentences, places of confinement, if any.

"B. Commutation summary prepared by the staff
ef the penitentiary where the applicant is confined.
This includes: (1) general information such as age,
place of birth, race, marital status, intelligence
rating; (2) the current case, such as term and number
ef indictment, name of trial judge, date of sentence,
effective date of sentence, the sentence, and time
served; (3) detainers, if any; (4) previous arrests,
previous convictions, probation and parole violations,
if any; (5) the institutional report, including conduct
report, vocational report, educational, medical, psycho-
logical and psychiatric reports, money savings, a
summary of the applicant’s progress in the institution,
the staff estimate of his worthiness, his classification
summary, the applicant’s version of his crime com-
pared to the official version, his family background,
the economic and social status of his father and
mother, the names and addresses of siblings, their
employment and marital status, the personal history
of the apxlicant (youth, school, illnesses, travel,
recreational interests, military history, employment
history, religious affiliation), his mental rating, mech-
anical tests, a general impression of his personality
make-up, and sources of all the above information.

"C. Letters from trial judges, district attorneys,
and others. A copy of all letters of protest from
relatives of the victim or others interested in pre-
venting the release of the applicant.

"D. Picture cf the applicant.

“E. A confidential report from the prison staff re-
garding the merits of the applicant.”

In general, the application for commutation and
its contents is available to the Board of Pardons for
their study several days before the opening hearing.
The Board conducts hearings during ten months of
each year, and an application is generally acted upon
and presented to the Governor for his consideration
within two months after the hearing of the ease.

All hearings are public and are held either in
Harrisburg at the State Capitol Building, in Phila-
delphia at the State Office Building, or in Pittsburgh
at the City-County Building, except that upon due
notice hearings may be held in such other places as
the Board may designate. When John Doe’s ease is
heard, fifteen minutes will be allowed to his repre-
sentative (relative, friend, or attorney) to speak for
him in front of the Board members. In ease he does
not have any such persons available to represent him,
the Director of Parole, after a personal interview
with the applicant, will speak for him at the hearing,
as well as present the facts of the case as taken from
the institutional summary.

The Board may also request any person, inelud-
ing a present or former district attorney and any
official, to appear at the public hearing as a witness
in addition to other persons voluntarily arguing for
or against the prisoner’s application.

Although fifteen minutes is allowed each:side to
present their case for or against the application, in
practice it has been found that a layman or parole
officer arguing on behalf of the prisoner usually takes
about two or three minutes to present his ease; a
minister or lawyer, or a district attorney opposing
the application uses approximately five minutes.

The Board has all public hearings transcribed
and filed with the Secretary of the Board of Pardons.
The transeript of the hearing is then open for inspec-
tion by the applicant or his representative and by
the publie.

After the public hearing an executive session is
held during which the participating Board members
come to final decision regarding the reeommedation
they shall make to the Governor. Three votes in fav-
or of an application for clemency are necessary be-
fore the Board can recommend favorable action by
the Governor. If such is recommended, it is accom-
panied by a statement of the Board’s reasons for its
recommendation.

The Governor may approve or disapprove of the
Board’s favorable recommendation. When the notice
of his action is received by the Secretary of the Board
of Pardons, the Secretary makes a public announce-
ment of the Board’s and Governor’s actions as soon
as practicable. If the Governor approves of the
Board’s favorable recommendation, John Doe re-
eeives a Warrant of Commutation with the Gov-
ernor’s signature and the Seal of the Commonwealth.
This ends his connections with the procedures of the
Board of Pardons, and he is now eligible to appear
in front of the Parole Board.

The Parole Board may or may not release John
Doe after due examination of his case. However,
usual practice has dictated that the Board of Parole
accept the rather thorough investigation and sub-
sequent recommedation of the Board of Pardons, and
that they release the man on parole.

It is hoped that those readers formerly un-
acquainted with the involved processes of commuta-
tion will have found this article a helpful guide and
introduction to the more personalized and perhaps
more interesting opinions on this subject which may
be found on the following pages. —THE END
