---
id: "552"
title: "A Judge's View of Commutation in Pennsylvania"
author: "Alexander, Hon. Judge Raymond Pace"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Written Exclusively for the Eastern Echo.

A Judge’s View of
Commutation in Pennsylvania

Hon. Judge Raymond Pace Alexander

The commutation of criminal sentences means the
reduction in the length of sentences, thereby effect-
ing the earlier discharge of prisoners.1 It may be con-
ditioned upon future behavior free from felonious
acts2 or it may be granted unconditionally, thereby
effecting an early discharge of a prisoner without
any further supervision over him by state author-
ities.3 The granting of commutation is an exercise of
the sovereign power of the state.4 It is considered an
act of mercy and is carried out by the Governor upon
the recommendation of the state officers who com-
prise the Board of Pardons.5 Commutation differs
from pardon in that it merely reduces the punish-
ment, whereas, pardon obliterates the criminal of-
fense.6 While commutation reaches only the punish-
ment imposed for a crime, pardon erases both the
punishment and infamy attached thereto.7

There are two procedures for commutation of
sentences in Pennsylvania. The first is provided for
in the Constitution of the Commonwealth.8 It applies
to the commutation of minimum sentences, thereby
making prisoners eligible for parole at an earlier date
under the Parole Act of 1941.9 This procedure for
commutation should be exercised when it is believed
that the sentence imposed is unduly long for the
erime for which the prisoner has been convicted. All
mitigating and incriminating factors should be con-
sidered by the Board of Pardons in weighing the
sentence imposed by the trial judge which is alleged
to be unduly lone or harsh.

The second procedure for commutation has been
provided for by legislative enactment.10 It is based
upon the concept of good behavior of prisoners, but
applies only to flat sentences of prisoners which are
between one year and less than life, but in the case
of flat sentences of two years or more, only when the
Board of Parole has refused to grant parole prior to
the expiration of the flat sentence.11 Therefore, in
the vast majority of cases the act is not operative
until parole has been refused prior to the expiration
of the flat sentence by the Board of Parole. There-
after, if application is made for commutation under
the act, the Board of Trustees of the penal institution
has the power to recommend to the Board of Pardons
the amount of commutation to be allowed.12 The
Board of Pardons, in turn, has discretionary power
to make an independent recommendation to the
Governor in each ease. The recommendations favor-
able to the prisoner necessarily depend upon a record
of good behavior during the term of imprisonment. '
Without a record of good behavior, an application
for commutation would seem to have little chance of
succeeding. As set forth in the Commutation Act,
good behavior should count towards the shortening
of sentences in every case where applicable and in
accordanee with the schedule provided in the act.
The schedule for commutation for good behavior is
as follows: two months for the first year, three
months for the second year, four months for the third
and fourth years and five months for each subsequent
year.14

However, the Commutation Act is of little con-
sequence in Pennsylvania since it does not apply to
indefinite or indeterminate terms which are required
to be imposed upon anyone convicted of any crime
punishable by imprisonment in a state penitentiary.15
Indefinite or indeterminate terms are now required
in nearly all criminal convictions and are those terms
which set forth a minimum and maximum sentence.16

Therefore, the issue surrounding the concept of
commutation in Pennsylvania narrows itself as to
whether or not new commutation legislation should
be enaeted which would apply to the indefinte or in-
determinate sentences imposed in nearly every case
today.

Kstablished periods of time off for good behavior
are undoubtedly important morale and incentive
factors to prison inmates.17 The effect of such legis-
lation would be to diminish the minimum sentence
and thereby shorten the time in which prisoners
would be eligible for parole consideration. It would
also lengthen the time spent under supervision of
the parole authorities when release has been granted
by the Board. I would certainly favor such commuta-
tion legislation but believe that it should be enacted
in conjunction with an expanded program for reha-
bilitation of criminal offenders. Such a combined
program would, of course, be most meaningful and
helpful to prisoners who are sentenced to long terms
of imprisonment.

It has been long recognized by penologists that
in order to gain real assurance that criminal offend-
ers will take peaceful and law-abiding places in
society upon their release from prison, a sound pro-
eram of rehabilitation and instruction must be
afforded them while they are confined. The vast
majority of prisoners would probably agree that the
most important thing which they could learn while
confined is a trade or vocation so as to enable them to
compete for Jobs and earn an honest living when re-
leased.18 This should be incorporated as an im-
portant factor in a combined program of rehabilita-
tion, commutation and parole of prison inmates and
prison sentences. In order to achieve such a pro-
gram, society must recognize its responsibility in this
field. Certainly the social advantages to be gained
by such a program are many. In my opinion it would
serve to renew the faith and respect of our citizenry
in our system of laws which undoubtedly are se-
riously wavering today in light of the continued in-
crease in crime rate which we have experienced over
the years.

In addition to instruction in trades and vocations,
specialized lecture, film and discussion programs
should be increased in our prisons. Courses of in-
struction should be regularly scheduled in whatever
subjects are necessary and helpful to increase the
understanding and ability of prisoners to rejoin
society without confusion, frustration and conflict.
Professional, business and educational institutions
and associations could be called upon to sponsor and
supply instructors for such a program. Public funds
should be made available for the compensation of
such instructors.

A citizen’s committee should be appointed to
study the basic areas of instruction and consultation
necessary in order for an individual to reasonably
understand society and himself and to adapt himself
to society in a useful and law-abiding manner. Such
a study would be the basis of a standard of instrue-
tion to be incorporated into prison life. Achieve-
ment in the program, in accordance with the ability
of the prisoner, together with conduct ratings could
be taken into account and weighed towards the com-
mutation of the prisoner’s sentence. If practical, I
believe that at least two hours daily should be de-
voted to trade and vocation training. In this way,
prisoners could earn commutation of minimum
sentences in accordance with their performance in
the program and their conduct while imprisoned.
Finally, and in conjunction with such a commutation
program, psychiatric interviews should be given
every prisoner in order to judge his emotional stabil-
ity and degree of rehabilitation prior to his release
on parole.

It is my opinion that a concerted effort must be
made in this field in order that we re-evaluate and
meet our responsibility to the criminal offender and
in order to protect our system of order under law.
We have recognized the process of rehabilitation
through supervision after release from prison in our
present parole system. The parole system is itself a
system of conditional commutation in that prisoners
are released for the remainder of their terms and are
not recommitted to institutions unless they violate
the terms of parole. If this system were supported
by a strong rehabilitation program during the con-
finement period, I am certain that the gain to society
would be great and violation of parole would be re-
duced to an unbelievable minimum. The earning
of commutation by prisoners would serve as the im-

portant incentive and morale factor in such a pro-
gram.

1. Commonwealth ex rel. Banks v. Cain, 345 Pa. 581
585 (1942).
2. Act of May 11, 1901, P. L. 166, Sec. 4; 61 Purdon's Pa.
Statutes 274.
3. Commonwealth ex rel. Banks v. Cain, 345 Pa. 581, 585
(1942).
4. Constitution of Pa., Article 4, Section 9, “Pardoning
Power.’’
5. Ibid, footnote 4. Members of the Board of Pardons:
Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of the Commonwealth, Attorney
General and Secretary of Internal Affairs.
6. Commonwealth ex rel. Banks v. Cain, 345 Pa. 581, 584,
585 (1942).
7. Ibid, footnote 6.
8. Ibid, footnote 4.
9. 30 Temple Law Quarterly 309, 311 (1957). Act of May 11,
1901, P. L. 166, Sec. 1; 61 Purdon's Pa. Statutes 271.
10. Act of May 11, 1901, P. L. 166, Sec. 1 et seq.; 61 Purdon’s
Pa. Statutes 271 et seq.
11. Ibid, footnote 9.
12. Act of May 11, 1901, P. L. 166, Sec. 5; 61 Purdon's Pa.
Statutes 275.
13. Ibid, footnote 12.
14. Act of May 11, 1901, P. L. 166, Sec. 1; 61 Purdon's Pa. 
Statutes 271.
15. Act of September 26, 1951, P. L. 1460, Sec. 1; 19 Purdon’s
Pa. Statutes 1057.
16. Ibid, footnote 15.
17. See “Prison Exposures” by Robert Neese, Chilton Com-
pany, 1959.
18. Ibid, footnote 17.
