---
id: "553"
title: "Man and Commutation"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Thomas Williams

MAN and Commutation

I am less than a man because I am denied the right to function as a man.

Heavily embossed within the pages of many dic-
tionaries is the word “COMMUTE” and its synon-
ymous counterpart, “COMMUTATION.” This word
hasn’t any meaning for the greater proportion of
society except when presented—at times adversely,
and sometimes beneficially. The full meaning les
not in the pages of a book, but in the hearts of those
who must feel the weight of its judgement.

The men in prison serving long sentences are a-
ware of the need for the duly elected Board that com-
prises the complete function of Commutation. There
have been many opinions in the past, pro and con, as
to the real purpose of the Pardon Board of this state.
The adverse opinions have not always been met
favorably by those who are dependent upon its le-
niency. The reasons are all too obvious, for this is
the long-timer’s only ray of hope for freedom. This
hope has or is becoming a clouded light, unable to
penetrate the darkness of a disreputable environ-
ment. The main aspect of this statement is: “the
prisoner sees his years of rehabilitative efforts inun-
dated into nothing by the repeated eries of “Non
Freedom.”

For a number of years there have been attacks and
eastrating remarks on the judicial system as a whole.
The intramural agencies and boards have been great-
ly affected by these oral arguments. Rightly so, in
the opinion of the aspiring political despots. Wrong-
ly so, in the views of the laws controlling their par-
ticular job. Commutation’s modern definition seems
to be, “Wholesale release of undesirables.” This is a
fallacy and ean only be corrected by the Pardon
Board’s adoption of the intended methods of evalu-
ating release, the analization not only of the length
of time served, but of the prisoner’s rehabilitative
efforts, psychological reports, etc.

The men in prison are aware of the humanistic
emotions governing their lives. The persons who ex-
erecise these powers are just as subject to emotions
that can sway their sound and rightful judgements.
Yet, the long-timers can only hope, pray, and keep
on striving to prove “they are not the men today that
their crime labeled them to be yesterday.”

Throughout the penal world there are minorities
who truly do not warrant consideration on society’s
part. All too often their recidivistic actions are felt
through condemnation of prisoners as a whole. Men
in prison striving mentally and physically to become
decent individuals see their hopes soar away. We
realize that one individual’s actions should not be a
determining factor for all. Yet, this is not so, for the
notoriety heralded is an influencing aspect in veering
intelligent minds from logical reasoning.

In a society that advocates both rehabilitation and
lengthy minimum sentences, a commutation board is
an absolute necessity. Were it not for this fact, a
man with a minimum sentence exceeding his life span
would be in the position of building bridges in space
—the bridge in this instance representing an effort
to show society that men do change when given the
opportunity.

The majority of long termers wish to show that
they are trying to build the foundation for a new life
upon release. The Pardon Board is also aware of this,

but the public, in its ignorance of the facts, often
castigates the board. And in doing so, exhibits
moronic judgement. It is this same public who
affirmed the selection of the members, with a firm be-
lief in their integrity. These and many other derog-
atory influences are instrumental in the impediment
of merey and justice for the deserving individuals.

It has been said, and will be quoted by many
learned men throughout the United States, that “the
human animal can only be caged a certain length of
years, and past that point demoralization takes
over.”

There are four stages of emotion which an inear-
ecrated man experiences while doing time: five years’
optimism; ten years’ hope; fifteen years’ passivity ;
twenty years’ non-hope and despair. These are not
statistics nor a census report, but a knowledge of my
fellowman’s hopes, dreams, and despairs after many
years in an identical situation. These four labels can
be lengthened out to fill many novels with idealistic
hopes of the man in prison. It is quite useless to cite
them here, as this article’s main theme is to elaborate
briefly on the specialized subject of “Man and Com-
mutation.”

Modern Penology’s progressive theme has been en-
couraging, but has not yet been fully understood by
most people. Penology’s main point is not advocation
of crime, but more rehabilitative opportunities.
Coupled with this, is the treating of individual cases
and men when evaluating release and length of time
to be served. The intelligent mind knows that the old
“rubberhose” method only breeds a resentful and
sullen personality. Modern Penology does not wish
to create a monster, but rather to give incentive to
the prisoner toward being a decent citizen, respectful
of the laws of man and God.
