---
id: "555"
title: "One Prisoner's View"
author: "Finnegan, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
One Prisoner's View
by JOHN FINNEGAN

Contrary to all you may have read
or heard the result of a commutation
hearing is, more often than not...
“Refused.”

I am aware that in this issue some very prominent and distinguished
citizens of this Commonwealth will also express their views on commutation.
While the views expressed by our honorable guests are supported by the author-
ity and experience of their office, I weleome the opportunity to present the views
of a prisoner who acquired his knowledge of the subject after he arrived in
prison (grass roots level).

I sincerely believe that a look at the subject as seen:from the prisoner’s
point of view can do no harm; it may help to offset the distortion to which com-
mutation has been subjected (but NOT in the Penal Press).

There are many ramifications to the subject of commutation of sentences
and all of them seemed to be designed to thwart the efforts of a prisoner seeking
clemency. Inmates are frequently told that they lack insight. If this is true, it
might be attributed to the fact that they are kept so much in the dark on a sub-
ject in which they naturally have a profound interest—their freedom.

The subject of “applying” for commutation has more prisoner appeal than
anything else except the opportunity to walk out the front gate as a free man.

The “results” of the hearings of the Board of Pardons are something else.
This is a subject that leaves the petitioner in a state of bewilderment—all he
will ever learn about the hearings is that he was . . . Refused! There may have
been no “open” opposition at the hearing, perhaps the Judge did not oppose, the
District Attorney did not object, the institution had submitted a favorable re-
port, and the result . . . Refused!

The decision, favorable or unfavor-
able, affects everyone concerned.
Upon being refused the petitioner has
no alternative but to “wait until next
year.”

It is tragic for the petitioner and his family because they will never be
told why he was refused. The prisoners who are cast in the role of villian in this
monthly drama would greatly appreciate some “positive” information about
what goes on behind the scenes of this drama. It has been customary to keep the
petitioner uninformed as to the reasons why the Board has decided to refuse his
application. This procedure affects not only the petitioner, but also his family,
who know only that their loved one can apply again the following year. Then
they will again be confronted with the problem of raising the money for the
lawyer’s fees, which poses another question—should a lawyer take a person’s
money in an action where the reason for an unfavorable result is kept a seeret?
This might be a sticky question when it is considered that the person asking it
is In no position to bargain, and that he is in the position of asking for mercy.
The old adage that “beggars can’t be choosers” might well apply here, but by
the same token the “beggar” in this instance might be more prudent about risk-
ing the much needed money that his family has invested in an attempt to ad-
vance his opportunity to freedom.

When learned lawyers, distinguished business men, wives, mothers,
fathers, clergymen, and in some cases even judges, appear on behalf of a pris-
oner before the Board, and the result is . . . Refused! What in the world can a
prisoner say on the subject?

The prisoner’s first knowledge of
commutation is acquired during his
early days of confinement. He is as
unknowing of its workings as many of
the general public.

Most prisoners have never heard of the Board of Pardons until they ar-
rived in prison. Usually a cell-mate or some fellow prisoner will tell the new
man that he can “try for a commute” in a couple of years. Now he doesn’t know
what a “commute” really is, but he sure is glad to hear about it. He can’t wait
until visiting day. so that he can tell his folks, who also won’t know what he is
talking about. But they, too, will be glad to hear about it, and will offer to help
in any way they can when the time comes.

When does this time come? The desire to apply for a commutation of sen-
tence is born while the inmate is still on the quarantine block, but rarely is the

Having reached the saturation
point—the point in prison life that
experts state is the opportune time
for release—the prisoner applies for
commutation.

application submitted until a good part of the sentence imposed by the court
has been served. This is not because the applicant is ignoring the minimum sen-
tence of the court as it has been made to appear, but in most cases, because the
petitioner has found himself. He feels that he has reached the saturation point
—the point in prison life that experts have been quoted as stating is the oppor-
tune time for release. Unfortunately the theory has not been tried.

The public is so poorly informed about the truth of just what a prisoner
has to do in preparation for the hearing before the Board of Pardons, I think
it will be surprised that so many have the courage to try it. Only a man who
feels that he is ready for release will be eager to submit to the tests that he will
be required to undergo. He must make three or four written tests, one of which
contains about four hundred and fifty questions, which when evaluated offer
quite a bit of information about the inmate. He must be interviewed by the psy-
chologist; he will also be interviewed by the institutional staff board; his block
officer will submit a report that covers his general attitude, personal habits, and
conduct; he will be examined by the Medical Director of the institution. All

This is the beginning of an action
that will take almost four months be-
fore the results are made known to
the petitioner.

such data will be compiled for a final analysis and sent to the Superintendent of
the institution, who will treat the report as he sees fit. This is the beginning of
an action that will take almost four months before the results of the actual hear-
ing are made known to the petitioner.

In comparison to the opposition, the petitioner has next to nothing going
for him except the moral support and prayers of his family. If he has the funds,
and in many cases the family has to borrow the money, he can engage an attor-
ney to represent him at the hearing before the Board.

If he has no funds, a friend may appear on his behalf. If he has neither
friends nor money, he may request the Director of Parole to represent him at
the proceedings.

The other side of the case has an entirely different complexion. The sec-
retary of the Board of Pardons will send copies of the application to the follow-
ing: the Judge who passed the sentence; the District Attorney who prosecuted
the case; the institution in which the petitioner is confined; and the Pennsylva-
nia Board of Parole for it’s investigation. In addition, an invitation is offered
to anyone having any information that will be helpful to the Board in their final
decision, and a written protest may be filed against the petitioner by any citizen.

Now, I would say that the aforementioned is a very formidable array of
talent well qualified to inform the Board of their attitude toward the petitioner’s
plea for clemency. An attitude which is, more often than not, hostile toward the
appellant, which may be a natural result of their other duties which are to send
and keep men in prison, not to be concerned about their plea for clemency. But
even that is not the end of the story.

Three favorable of four possible
votes are required before a recom-
mendation may be presented to the
Governor. He has the power to
accept or reject it.

We come now to the honorable members of the Board of Pardons, each of
whom are unquestionably qualified to evaluate the information presented to
them on behalf of the Commonwealth. Three of the four possible votes are re-
quired in favor of the petitioner before the Board will make a recommendation
of commutation of sentence to the Governor. The Governor, being the Chief
Executive of the Commonwealth, has the power to accept or reject the recom-
mendation of the Board.

It seems to me that the success of any correctional system, or agency of
clemency, can best be measured by the amount of men they help to be re-
leased. From a negative point of view, no correctional system, nor any agency
of clemency is necessary to keep a man in jail. He is already there.

To offset a general misconception that has been inculeated into the minds
of the public, I think it would be appropriate at this time to point out that the
Board of Pardons was not created BY the people in prison, but FOR the people
in prison. It was created by a duly elected Legislature which gave it the power
to recommend Pardons and Commutations, as well as to refuse them. If the only
function of the Board was to refuse all the applications it received, I feel cer-
tain that the members of the Board could find a better use for their time.

These then, are my views on the subject of commutations of sentences.
I leave it up to the reader to decide if a man seeking clemency from the Board
of Pardons has an easy road to travel. Does the Board of Pardons coddle pris-
oners? The next time you see that in the newspapers just sit back and have a
good laugh; it was probably intended as a joke in the first place. —THE END
