---
id: "556"
title: "Shall We Reccomend?"
author: "Stout, Hon. Judge Juanita Kidd"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Written Exclusively for the Eastern Echo.

Shall We Recommend ?

by Hon. Judge Juanita Kidd Stout

Judge Stout holds Doctor of Jurisprudence and
Master of Laws Degrees from Indiana Univer-
sity. She was Chief of the Appeals, Pardons,
and Paroles Division of the District Attorney’s
Office, Philadelphia County, from 1957 to 1959;
was appointed to the Municipal Court Bench in
October, 1959, and elected to a ten year term
in November, 1959.

“Parolee gives award-winning suggestion to in-
dustry.” “Ex-convict conducts successful business,
provides employment for ten.” “Former prisoner, re-
leased recently by Board of Pardons, rescues lad
from burning house.” “Eastern State ‘graduate’ re-
celves degree from local college.” Such headlines,
and similar ones, descriptive of the activities of more
than a few rehabilitated citizens almost never ap-
pear. On the other hand, the publicity given those
few parolees who do return to crime is likely to con-
vey the erroneous impression that recidivism is the
rule rather than the exception.

Recidivism is the exception because of the great
care used by the several officials whose recommenda-
tions determine the release or non-release of the ap-
plicant for commutation of minimum sentence. One
who makes such recommendation is the District At-
torney of the county in which conviction occurred.
His recommendation is formulated after a careful
study of the trial record, an interview with the appli-
cant, a study of his prison record, a conference with
the Warden and Staff Members of the institution of
ineareceration, a verification of the proposed home,
sponsor and job, and in many eases, consultation
with the victim or family of the victim when the
erime is one of violence and the victim or family can
be located. Such thorough consideration enables the
District Attorney to select for recommendation, from
a large number of applicants, those few who appear
to be rehabilitated and who will create no undue risk
to society.

A study of the trial record discloses the facts of
the crime. A robbery, for example, may be carefully
planned by a group of men and brutally executed by
them while armed with loaded revolvers as another
accomplice waits in a get-away car. Another rob-
bery may be committed by other persons, without
violence or brutality, and while armed with a pistol,
real and menacing looking, but actually a harmless
toy. All defendants properly may have received an
indeterminate sentence of 10 to 20 years. On the facts
of the respective crimes alone, the robbers who
neither did harm to the victims nor carried a death
dealing weapon would be entitled to more favorable
consideration on application for commutation of
minimum sentence than the brutal robbers who went
to rob, but were prepared to kill, and who inflicted
physical injury on the victim.

An interview with the applicant is most helpful
in determining whether he has gained insight into
the problem which caused him to engage in anti-
social conduct, whether he has made diligent and
successful effort to solve the problem, and whether he
feels any remorse for the crime committed. The in-
terview is helpful also in determining the outlook,
plans, and sincerity of purpose the applicant has for
the future.

The prison record is one of the most complete
and reliable indices of the degree of rehabilitation
the applicant has achieved. Not only does it present
a conduct report showing the nature of disciplinary
infractions, if any, of the applicant while incarcer-
ated but it shows, among other things, his religious
participation, educational achievements, sports ac-
tivities, work record, amount of money saved, a-
mount of money sent to family, medical, psycho-
logical and psychiatric history of the inmate, and the
length of time served. This record is most helpful as
an indication of the respect the applicant has gained
for authority, the skills or trades he has acquired
from which he might expect employment upon re-
lease such as barbering, printing, masonry, butcher-
ing, typing, shorthand, etc., his industry and thrift.
The psychological report is invaluable in determining
personality stability or lack thereof, and whether or
not there is any indication of a likelihood of re-
cidivism.

The Warden and Staff Members of the institution
are the persons who actually know the inmate best,
for it is they who have lived with him daily during
his inearceration. Their evaluation of the inmate is
given great weight by the District Attorney in the
determination of his recommendation.

Inasmuch as the types of homes, jobs and spon-
sors applicants have upon release are factors largely
determinative of whether they will succeed in a un-
structured society, careful investigation is made of
them. If either is considered unsuitable, favorable
recommendation of the District Attorney is withheld
until such time as a more suitable plan can be sub-
mitted. The District Attorney considers these factors
before making his recommendation even though they
are matters which will carefully be reviewed also by
the State Board of Parole before final release of the
prisoner.

Consultation with the victims in non-fatal cases
and with the family of the victim where the crime is
homicide is had in all eases where the parties can be
found. Often the victims object to the release of the
applicant, especially where the crime has been a par-
ticularly brutal one. Just as often, however, there is
no objection on the part of the victim and, not infre-
quently, there is an offer of assistance from the vic-
tim to the applicant—a true implementation of the
spirit of forgiveness. Three cases may be cited to
illustrate these reactions. One is the case of a father,
murdered during the course of a robbery, and a
mother, beaten to the extent that she has been an
invalid ever since, now over twenty years. The three
children, all daughters, have devoted their lives to
earing for their invalid mother. They, most under-
standably, opposed the release of the applicant who
deprived them of a father, caused immeasurable suf-
fering of their mother and completely wrecked an
entire family. A second ease is that of a victim who
was robbed by two men. After conviction, one man
saved from his meager prison earnings and repaid
the victim. In addition he wrote frequently through-
out the years to express his sorrow and to ask for-
giveness for his crime. His accomplice had main-
tained a stony silence, never writing nor making any
attempt at restitution. The victim looked favorably
upon the release of the one and opposed bitterly the
release of the other. The third case is that of an out-
standing business man whose establishment had been
burglarized by a group of young men led by an em-
ployee in whom he placed great trust. Despite the be-
trayal, that trust remained. The employer visited
the inmate frequently, sought his release, and ap-
peared before the Board of Pardons to make a fer-
vent plea for him. He offered not only the old job
back, but a home as well so that he and his wife could
supervise and continue to rehabilitate the young man
who had victimized them.

After a painstaking review of each ease, the
District Attorney formulates a recommendation to
be made to the Board of Pardons. Relatively few
applicants meet the high standards required to merit
this recommendation. They fail mainly because of
insufficient time served, lack of evidence of rehabili-
tation as demonstrated by bad disciplinary record
and failure to take advantage of religious, educa-
tional and vocational training available to them, and
psychological indications that their release might
present an undue risk to society.

Whether or not adequate time has been served
depends not only on the crime committed, the length
of minimum sentence imposed, but on the age, and
especially the: physical condition of the applicant.
Headlines which might have read, “Murderer re-
leased after serving only eight years of life time
sentence,” or “District Attorney recommends release
of burglar after service of only ten months of five
year sentence” would have been truthful in fact but
would not have told the truth in its entirety. The
first might have been based on the case of a seventy-
nine year old man who had killed his wife with whom
he had lived for over forty years and who was the
mother of his children. He had undergone some
twenty-two surgical operations during his short pe-
riod of incarceration and was, at the time of apph-
cation, confined to a wheel chair with multiple med-
ical problems, including a severe cardiac condition.
Prognosis indicated he had but few months to live.
His children begged for his release so he could spend
the remaining few days with them and die outside
prison walls. In the circumstances, the applicant pre-
sented no risk to society. Those, beside the victim,
who had been most seriously harmed by his crime
had forgiven. They were able to provide a comfort-
able home and adequate medical care for their father.
Continued incarceration would add nothing further
to his rehabilitation. What useful purpose could
have been served by extended imprisonment? The
service by this man of an eight year term was almost
service of life sentence in fact.

Similarly, the young burglar suffered from a dis-
ease as yet incurable. To all outward appearances he
was well and able bodied. After about five minutes
of the most mild exertion, however, the young man
was completely debilitated. This applicant was the
father of three small children one of whom, at the
time of application, was on the critical list of a local
hospital suffering from the same incurable disease
her father had. After careful study of the medical
problem of the applicant and discussion with mem-
bers of the very fine medical staff of the prison, the
District Attorney’s office recommended this man’s
release. This recommendation was of no avail, how-
ever. While notification that his commutation had
been granted was being forwarded to him from the
Governor’s Office, this Inmate was released forever
not only from prison, but from life itself, by a Power
greater than man.

The responsibility of the District Attorney to
make recommendations for or against the release of
prisoners is one of the most serious and important of
his office. He studies each case with great care, and
endeavors to make recommendations consistent with
his duty to protect society as well as his duty to as-
sist in the selection of those who are fit subjects for
executive clemency.
