---
id: "557"
title: "Study in Contrasts"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Study in Contrasts

William Brown, after serving thirty-one years on
a life sentence, has been granted a commutation of
sentence, which will enable him to be released short-
ly. He, along with another inmate who has served
twenty-eight and a half years, are the first lifer’s to
be commutated under the present Pardon Board. In
an attempt to portray more vividly the long span of
time he has spent behind prison walls, we offer the
following study of contrast:

1929 
Post War Prosperity Collapses in Stock
Market Crash.
18 year old William Brown begins life sen-
tence at E. S. P.

1930
Fire Kills 320 Convicts in Ohio State Pen.
Brown begins his treck toward rehabilita-
tion.

1931
Japanese Overrun Manchuria.
Rookie Brown tries out for prison baseball
team.

1932
Charles A. Lindberg Kidnapped.
Brownie again tries to make the baseball
team.

1933
Adolph Hitler Becomes German Chancellor.
“Hitler? Who he?” asks Brown.

1934
Hitler Consolidated Offices of President and
Chancellor, Becomes Reichsfuehrer.
“Been here five years; don’t like it.”—Ex-
cerpt from Brown’s Diary.

1935
Will Rogers, 56, Comedian, and Wiley Post,
36, Aviator, Killed in Plane Crash Near
Point Barrow, Alaska.
“Airplanes and automobiles I don’t worry
about,” says Brown.

1936
Revolt Against Spain’s Republican Govern-
ment Erupts Into Civil War.
Brown buys catcher’s mitt.

1937
Japanese Sink U.S. Gunboat Panay with
Loss of two Lives. Japanese Apologize and
Pay.
Brown also sorry and still paying.

1938
Wrong-way Corrigan Flies the Atlantic,
from Brooklyn to Dublin.
Wrong-way Brown steals first base.

1939
Pope Pius XI (81) Died. Succeeded by
Cardinal Pacelli Who Became Pope Pius
XII.
Brown became fourth string catcher on
baseball team.

1940
Leon Trotsky Exiled Russian Leader Assas-
inated in Mexico.
Brown says he was so dumb in 1928 that he
thought the white line in the middle of the
street was for bicycles.

1941
Japan Attacks U.S. Fleet at Pearl Harbor.
Brown attacks umpire; three pack fine.
Still fourth string catcher.

1942
First Nuclear Chain Reaction at Chicago
University.
Brown here 13 years, still doesn’t like it!!!
Excerpt from Diary.

1943
Italy Surrenders to Allies.
Brown organizes his own baseball team.

1944
D-Day: Invasion of France.
Brown first string catcher.

1945
Hitler Commits Suicide.
“Hitler, who he?” asks Brown.

1946
First Assembly of the United Nations
Opened in London.
Brown sees first curve ball. Buys glasses.

1947
Henry Ford, Pioneer in Automobile Indus-
try, Dies at Dearborn, Michigan.
Brown sees first picture of English sports-
ear. Says that it’s so English it wears a
monocle instead of a windshield.

1948
The Birth of the New State of Israel Pro-
claimed.
Brown sees first photo of egy LaMarr—no
comment.

1949
Nationalist Chinese Government Fled to
Formosa.
Brown says, “If you want to be a nice old
man of 70, you have to start early, say about
16.”

1950
Republic of Korea Invaded.
Korea invaded, Brown degraded; his team
loses 27 to 3.

1951
Truman Relieves MacArthur of Far East
Command.
“MacArthur, who he?” asks Brown.

1952
Eisenhower Elected President.
Brown again refused clemency.

1953
Joseph V. Stalin Died.
“Joseph Stalin, who he?” asks Brown.

1954
East Germany Becomes Sovereign State.
Brown sells team, reverts back to fourth
string catcher.

1955
Anti-Polio Vaccine Developed.
“Anti-Brown developed for years,” says
Brown. CLEMENCY REFUSED.

1956
Egypt Seizes Suez Canal. 
Brown seizes umpire; 3 pack fine.

1957
First Man-made Satellite, Sputnik I, Placed
in Orbit by Russians.
Brown here 28 years. “Still don’t like it.”
Excerpt from Brown’s Diary.

1958
Death of Pope Pius XII.
Brown suffering from T.V. eyes. Retires
from baseball.

1959
Ted Williams Signs A Hundred Thousand
Dollar Contract.
Brown again tries out for baseball team.

1960
Mikoyan Visits Cuba.
Clemency granted to William Brown!
Brown says, “who he?” Upon leaving,
Brown left as his epitaph: “Been here and
gone. Didn’t like it.”
