---
id: "558"
title: "What's Your Opinion"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
What's Your Opinion

Q. What, in your opinion, are the merits of allowing sentences to be reduced by com-
mutation?

A. Bob Moore, 2 1/2 to 10 years. “It offers a source of inspiration and hope by their wil-
lingness to do something for me. After such action on their part it would be practically
impossible for me to commit another crime.

A. Al Rade, 10 to 20 years. “In cases of married men with familes, who have qual-
ities and circumstances that merit commutation, I'd say that they should be considered
for such in order to have the opportunity of giving their children the necessary guidance
when they need it most.”

Q. Have the toughened policies of the Board of Pardons affected your thinking con-
cerning rehabilitation? If so, how?

A. E-1076, 80 to 160 years with a life detainer. “Positively, with a sentence like mine,
such policies can only be demoralizing, affecting absolute hope of ever getting out. It’s
barbaric and inhuman to destroy one’s last grasp for life — the vision of hope itself.
What is needed is a little less legal pretention and more human reasoning.”

Q. What do you think are the chief advantages of allowing sentences to be reduced by
commutation?

A. Irvin A. Sell, 10 to 20 years. “To effect release at a time when the least risk is in-
volved, thereby reducing the ratio of recidivism, conserving the Commonwealth’s money,
while at the same time readjusting lost citizens to society as useful beings.”

Q. What changes, if any, would you like to see in the present commutation procedure?

A. Cisco Cisneros, life. “I’d like to see a standard amount of years set as a minimum
for lifers.”

A. William Conrey, 1 to 5 years. “I would like to see some type of merit system set up,
where a man can show his improvement and benefit from it.”

A. Ernest Everett, 5 to 10 years. “I feel that the sentencing judge’s opinions of the
applicant should be given paramount weight in the Board’s decision.”

A. George O’Brien, 9 to 12 years. I would like a system of personal contact between
the Board and applicants, so that an inmate would be able to present thoroughly his
merits and achievements directly to its members.”

Q. Would you wecome the passage of an improved “good-time” law in place of the
present commutation system? If so, why?

A. Tex Abbott, 1 1/2 to 3 years. “Yes, because if a man attempts to help himself in any
way—knowing that the time will be taken off his maximum sentence—he is more apt to
apply himself.”

A. William Lomax, life. “Yes, because under ‘good behavior time’ every man would
have some definite date to look forward to, something to earn and work for.”

A. Felix Capone, life. “Yes. It would give him a definite future to build for.”

A. Joseph Baronowski, 40 to 80 years. “No. A good-time law by itself would benefit
the average prisoner with a sentence of ten or less years, but it would be a meaningless
gesture for anyone with a sentence exceeding his probable life span. If, like many states, a
good-time law and pardon board arrangement coexisted for varied cases, then naturally
my opinion would be otherwise.”
