---
id: "559"
title: "In Summation"
author: "PASCHEDAG, Andre L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
In Summation

by Andre L. Paschedag

“There has been a clear need in Pennsylvania for fact and considered opinion
regarding pardon and commutation of sentence. Many have been confused by the
charge and counter-charge of legislative inquiry and the emotional exchanges in the
press." —The Prison Journal

On the preceding pages we have presented the
views of people directly concerned with commutation
either because of their official positions or, in the case
of the prisoner, because of its effect upon his future.
It has been our intention to clarify for our readers
both the facts and the personal issues involved, elim-
inating the confusion of such emotional exchanges
as referred to by the Prison Journal.

It seemed to our staff that the majority of the
people, both pro and con, who spend much time areu-
ing the subject of commutation, have no real know-
ledge concerning the same. This is particularly evi-
dent in the many public references to “paroles
oranted by the Pardon Board,” and “commutations
approved by the Board of Paroles.” Such misconcep-
tions of the proper functions of the two Boards must
be sorrowfully regarded when held by the general
public. When held by persons of authority who are
capable of throwing legal weight behind their argu-
ments, these misconceptions are to be feared by all
concerned.

Why is commutation necessary? Caleb Foote,
Professor of Law, writing in the Prison Journal, gave
the answer as follows: “Although the vast changes
which have taken place in the last seventy-five years
in criminal corrective procedure and in treatment
policy and practice have greatly reduced the neces-
sity of reliance upon executive clemency as a correc-
tive process, they have had relatively little direct
impact on the structure of American pardon pro-
cedure . . . . . .

“Even though the absolute discretionary power
of the executive has often resulted in abuse of power,
few would question the importance of having such a
safety valve for the administration of justice. We
have abundant statistical evidence of the inequities
of criminal sentencing which have plagued our pro-
cedure for centuries, and at least some of the grossest
abuses which result have been ameliorated at the
pardon level. The fiexibility of the power has per-
mitted adjustment to changing tastes in crime pub-
licity and retribution. Courageous executives have
flown in the face of temporary public hysteria to curb
some of its excesses, and when the passage of time
has tempered public opinion the pardon power has
enabled criminal administrative policy to conform to
the changed climate.”

In addition to being a safety valve for the ad-
ministration of justice, commutation is for inmates
amore personal safety valve. The very fact that such
a thing as pardon power exists offers a ray of hope
and a means of retaining their sanity to those hope-
lessly buried beneath an unscalable mountain of time.
Well-behaved lifers and others with long sentences
do not behave only because of institutionalization,
but also because they are working towards a goal—
commutation. Whether or not their goal is realistic-
ally attainable is not important. Its importance les
in the sole fact that it exists!

Professor Foote’s reference to the possible ad-
justment of the pardon power to changing tastes in
crime publicity and retribution is a very important
contribution to any discussion of commutation. His
apt observation is easily confirmed by anyone having
an acquaintance with the news media of today. Pub-
lic opinion must first be formed before it can become
effective. This can be done only by making the sub-
ject a public issue by means of mass communication.
If this is so, one must investigate the motive for
making any subject a public issue in the first place.
Unfortunately it will usually be found that the orig-
nal purpose for stirring up public opinion in any area
in this day and age, is a political one. Political plat-
forms must have planks, and to our regret we often
find that subjects best left outside the political arena
become targets of political discussion. A common
editorial headline is, “Take the politics out of the
Pardon Board.” Ironically, the only politics in the
Pardon Board lies in the fact that it has wrongly be-
come the subject of such editorials by political
writers seeking a “burning issue.”

How effective is sereening by commutation inso-
far as public safety is concerned? Again we turn to
the Prison Journal; this time Mr. Marvin E. Wolf-
gang, Department of Sociology of the University of
Pennsylvania. He states:

“The rate of failure on parole among those per-
sons whose minimum sentences were commuted is
only half the failure rate of all released prisoners
on parole . . . 

“Perhaps it is not unexpected that those on pa-
role whose minimum sentences had been commuted
should show a smaller proportion of parole failures,
for their cases have been evaluated by two separate
administrative bodies—first by the Board of Pardons
and then by the Board of Parole. Prisoners whose
appeals were heard, and petitions for commutation
of their minimum sentences granted by the Pardon
Board, and were later released on parole by the Pa-
role Board, have been through two screening agen-
cies and have twice had their institutional records
subjected to scrutiny. The Board of Pardons, by
reason of its function, is the more selective body;
therefore those cases granted a reduction in mini-
mum sentence and subsequently released on parole
should logically be expected to be more successful
than all persons released on parole. The latter group,
after all, is composed of those whose appeals for re-
duction of their minimum sentence had previously
rejected, presumably on the basis of their unfavor-
able past behavior or institutional experience . . . .

The fact that there is a statistically significant differ-
ence in the success-failure rate of these two parole
groups, and that the difference is in the direction of
the theoretical expectation, speaks well for the Board
of Pardons.”

Mr. Wolfgang’s study justified statistically the
judgments of the Board of Pardons in releasing men
from prison. All reports to the contrary, the commu-
tation process is not a hit or miss proposition, with a
resultant danger to the public. It may be an expres-
sion of mercy, but commutations are granted as the
result of an inmate’s appeal being considered worth-
while under all possible reasoning, and not as the re-
sult of an emotional appeal to the people concerned.
A little straight-thinking must certainly bring one to
the conclusion that an inmate released after strict
screening is more apt to be qualified to rejoin society,
than one who was not sereened by any board. Pris-
oners serving all their sentences, do so for one and/or
two basic reasons: (1) They have not been found fit
to rejoin society by the sereening agencies of the
Board of Pardons and/or the Board of Paroles. (2)
The pressures of public opinion refused the two
Boards their normal latitude of judgment, and the in-
mate’s appeal was refused as a result of a “Get
Tough” policy. It is the writer’s opinion that in both
instances, the releasee will be more of a threat to the
peace and safety of society, than the man released
earlier through an action of clemency.

In the last analysis, until such time that legis-
lative changes are made in the sentencing procedures
of the Commonwealth’s courts, the Board of Pardons
must be enabled to continue its vital role as the only
recourse open to a prisoner seeking relief from an
excessive sentence, correction of an inequitable sen-
tence, and/or the merciful rejudgment of society.
Arguments pro or con will accomplish nothing bene-
ficial to either the prisoner or society. A closer study
of the facts concerned may do so. We hope we have
successfully accomplished our intention to present
those facts.
