---
id: "56"
title: "Former Prison Warden Succeeds Hill"
author: "Biancone, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FORMER PRISON WARDEN SUCCEEDS HILL
by L. J. BIANCONE

Paul J. Gernert, former Warden of the Berks
County Prison, has been appointed Chairman of the
Pennsylvania Board of Parole by Governor George
Leader. Mr. Gernert’s appointment is effective as
of May 1st, 1956. He cabled his acceptance from
Stuttgart, Germany, where he held the post of Head
Parole Officer of the American Military Services.

He will receive the same salary ($12,000 per
annum) as paid the retiring Chairman, Major Henry
C. Hill, who agreed to set back (no pun intended)
his originally announced April Ist retirement date
until Gernert’s arrival from abroad.

A source close to the governor said Gernert was
strongly recommended by several nationally reccg-
nized penal experts who were consulted by admini-
stration officials in looking about for Major Hill’s
successor.

Hill, about 80 years old, was at the helm of the
Parole Board since June of 1943, when he gave up
his post as superintendent of the Pennsylvania
Industrial School for Boys at White Hill. Hill had
previously been Warden of the Illinois State Peni-
tentiary at Joliet, followed by a tenure as Warden of
the U. S. Penitentiary at Lewisburg, Pa.

Gernert has been a life-long prison career man.
He has devoted most of his life to the betterment of
his fellow humans, and had been instrumental in
returning many so-called incorrigibles and poor
parole risks to society. This writer recalls an out-
standing ease, typical of Gernert‘s human rehabili-
tation accomplishments. D-3900, a transferee from
ESP to the Reading prison, was a recidivist, so-
called incorrigible and poor parole risk, but with
a talent for painting and decorating. Gernert was
interested in the latter. He could have easily re-
lieved himself of this custody problem by returning
the incorrigible to ESP, as was customary in those
days, more or less condemned to the human scrap
heap. As far as Gernert was concerned, he was
dealing with a fellow human, not a mere number.
He therefore could well afford to be patient a while
longer. He had no book on penology to refer to.
He did not need it. Eventually, but not by any
means of magic, he found the solution—it’s his
secret; but he will tell you modestly, ‘every man
must stand on his own feet’. Now, some 11 years
later, D-3900 has a wife, 6 children, his own un-
mortgaged 12 room home, (and other real estate)
and the largest painting and decorating business
in the City of Reading, Pa., employing some 20 men.
It may be interesting to note that Gernert was his
best man at the wedding, too!! Lest this article
be misconstrued, I hasten to point out, every case
did not turn out with a happy ending, else I would
not be here to write about it.

During Gernert’s tenure as Warden of the Berks
County Prison, from January of 1938 to December
of 1946, the prison was cited by Federal authorities
as the nation’s No. 1 county jail. Gernert, a skilled
electrician, with the aid of inmate labor, installed
radio head phones in each eell, financed entirely
from the prison commissary fund; converted a sel-
dom used auditorium into a eymnasium, and estab-
lished a winning basketball team coached by the
Honorable Harold A. Yetzer, presently a member
of the State Legislature and former athletic star at
Albright College. Boxing and baseball were also
adopted and all the competition was provided by out-
side teams. Music, movies, theatrical entertain-
ment, and various religious services rounded out
Gernert’s rehabilitation program.

To supplement the prison diet for nearly two
hundred men, Gernert supervised the construction
of a modern cannery, a large two-story poultry
house, and other utility buildings for the processing
and storing of foodstuffs. Many acres of hitherto
barren prison soil were pregnant at harvest time and
this was generously reflected in the dining hall.

Gernert was a frequent visitor at ESP and often
sought and acquired long-term prisoners as trans-
ferees to his bastille, which was more or less oper-
ated under the so-called honor system during his
tenure. Unlike Major Hill, Gernert no doubt will
make frequent appearances here, and take a per-
sonal interest in individual cases. This writer for
one hopes he will come up with something better
and more definite than the routine, vague and anti-
quated double-jeopardy phrase, ‘‘due to previous
criminal history and other factors in your case,
the Board voted. . . . . . ."   WELCOME SIR:
