---
id: "560"
title: "Check Mate"
author: "HARMAN, N. L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Check Mate
by Norman L. Harman

NEW CLUB CHAMPION IS CROWNED

The members of the ESP Chess Club were active
during the cold months of the season, the activity
being due to the 2nd Annual Championship Tourna-
ment held by the Club, and also their competition in
the Philadelphia Chess Association Matches.

The first Championship Tournament held by the
ESP Club last year found Thomas Brawner winning
the trophy. Tom had a short reign, however, as he
was able to defend successfully his laurels and saw
the Trophy and Club Championship go to Martin J.
Pearson. This was a hotly contested tournament,
with numerous upsets, near upsets, and brilliant play
by men who were considered as just entrants pre-
iously, all proving that the Champion had to be a
“Good Player” to win.

The ESP Chess Club was also involved in play
with the Phila. Chess Association, in both Champion-
ship and Reserve Sections, and with other Clubs in
social matches.

The first match for the Championship Team was
played on November 18th, in which the Greater
Northeast C. C. was opposing our Club. I regret to
report that A. Saxer defeated Martin Pearson, and
L. Quindry outlasted H. Brockway to pick up two
wins for G. N. E. This was all that was needed for the
latter to come out victorious in the match as T.
Brawner, A. Paschedag and T. Williams drew with
J. Seibert, N. Roger and W. Schwass, respectively.

The next match in the Championship Section
found the American Legion Post 396 team opposing
our chessmen. Post 396 needed no introduction to the
ESP, as they are a fine group of frequent visitors
headed by Mr. Ed Strehle, President of the Phila.
Chess Association, who has done more than much for
our club. In the match played on December 5th, T.
Brawner won over Steinig. Hollowell beat Maurer
and T. Williams won from Coble, while Frank Brauer
and Joe Nienalt picked up two victories over A.
Paschedag and H. Brockway, giving the ESP a 3-to-2
win. We might state, in all fairness, that Post 396
was without their two “big guns” when Saul Wane-
tick (a chess master) and Felix Cinkus did not put
in an appearance.

Another newcomer to ESP arrived on January
9th , when the Levittown C. C. came in for a Cham-
pionship Match. This was a nothing-ventured-noth-
ing-lost match for both clubs as Hallowell and
Brockway won over Burke and Dunn, while Pariseau
and Cohen won over Brawner and Williams. In the
other game of the Match Paschedag managed a draw
with Taylor, giving us a score of 2 1/2 points for each
club.

The Reserve Section Team was also busy during
this time. They first encountered the G. N. E. Club
on November 20th, which proved to be profitable for
ESP as Hallowell, Rade, and C. Norman bested Abel,
Reiff, and Knapp. Quinn drew with Kirk and Darrah
lost to Walsh, giving the ESP Club a 3 1/2 to 1 1/2 win.

The next opponent for the Reserves was Post
396, whose Championship team had suffered defeat
at the hands of ESP only four nights previously. But,
as turn about is considered fair play, so it was in this
case, as Tomlinson, Dobrowski, and Hansen turned
in wins for 396 over Quinn, Rade, and Hewitt, while
Darrah drew with Skorzewski and C. Norman bested
Walsh, giving 396 a winning score of 3 1/2 to 1 1/2.

On January 23rd, the Olney Reserves opposed
our Reserves, who had two new players for this
match, A. Swelly who drew with C. Rudderow and
N. Harman who won from J. Buhalo. ESP did not
have too much trouble winning this one as Quinn and
Rade notched victories over Puluch and McAndress
and C. Norman drew J. Kibilstis.

February 1st found Post 388 supplying the com-
petition for our Reserves in a match that saw A.
Swelly, Fr. Darrah, and C. Norman lose to Trucis,
Segal, and Spiegel, while Rade defeated Berry and
Harman drew with Kantner, for a 3 1/2 to 1 1/2 point win
for Post 388.

In addition to the foregoing Association play our
teams were active in competition with the Temple
University Chess Team on December 12th, in a match
that gave Temple its first win in several tries at ESP
when Rubin and Heims won over Williams and
Hewitt. Swelly beat Darlington and Hallowell drew
with Hendrickson.

On January 16th, the Philadelphia Department
of Streets and Water Chess Team visited the institu-
tion to oppose our Club. The match found Swelly
drawing with Nyanette, Harman defeat Gerson (a
former olympic wrestler) in 11 moves, and Jordan
losing to Minkil.

On January 30th, ten members of the Marple-
Newton Chessmen came to the institution for a get-
acquainted match. This club is one of the newest
members of the Phila. Chess Association and is antici-
pating opening play in competition when next Sept-
ember arrives and another season of League play
starts. This Club promises to put new life and fire in
the Chess Association.

This group of energetic men did not fair too well
against our club as M. Pearson, T. Brawner, W.
Hallowell, A. Paschedag, F. Darrah, and N. Harman
won for our club over E. Kelly, T. Kelly, T. Reinners-
man, W. Morrison, G. Kirkpatrick, and C. Pierdim-
inico, during which time P. Murter and R. Cole de-
feated A. Swelly and A. Rade for two M-N wins. In
the other two matches of the day, R. Kreutz drew
with T. Williams and A. Suarez drew with R. Walton.
