---
id: "561"
title: "With Our Chaplains"
author: "SOLOMON, Rabbi Victor; Washington, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
With Our Chaplains.....

Greetings,

It is my privilege to serve in the capacity of
Jewish Chaplain at Eastern. I suffer from one ser1-
ous affliction: I love people, and at Eastern I have
found that people are more human and are animated
by more of a spirit of humanity than anywhere else.

I pray that the Almighty will give me the
strength to serve my fellow men at Eastern with de-
votion and accomplishment, to bring them closer to
Him, to each other, and to the spark of divinity
which resides in each man's heart.

Amen—

Rabbi Victor Solomon
Jewish Chaplain

Oftentimes I have talked with persons who had
arrived at the conclusion that they had wasted their
lives; they had done a grave injustice to themselves.

This self-evaluation may be correct—except for
one thing: the fact that the man has “come to him-
self” and sees himself as he is, is the first necessary
step towards a new and different life.

But—man’s responsibility goes beyond himself.

Once upon a time a fellow left the “institution.”
He didn’t “make good” and was soon returned. As a
reaction, someone said to me, “fellows like that make
it hard for the rest of us.” This man’s statement
makes it clear that he sees that we are all responsible,
one to the other. This is not just true, however, in
special situations; it is true in all of life. When one
man succeeds in life, he has won a victory for all men.
When one man fails in life, he has lost a victory
whieh effects all of us, all men.

But man’s responsibility goes beyond what is
expected of him by his fellow man.

Some eventually realize that—in that he has
been created by God, he is also responsible to God as
to what he does with his life. Did he abuse it, allow
it to rot and decay? Or did he cherish it and increase
its value?

It is not enough to say “I have hurt myself.” It
is not enough to say “I have failed those who ex-
pected more of me.” It is not enough just to pray and
say “God forgive me.”

It is when we have “convicted ourselves” for the
injustices which we have done to ourselves and to our
fellow man, as well as to God, that we have fulfilled,
at least in part, the conditions for divine pardon.

Rev. Paul Washington
Episcopalian Chaplain
