---
id: "562"
title: "Where's Oscar?"
author: "Poster, Jerome"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Where's Oscar?
by JEROME POSTER

Maxie Fram stepped quickly but cautiously from
the entrance of the drug store. He had made his
purchase and was in somewhat of a hurry to remove
himself from the area. The light rain had stopped
completely.

“Aifer all,” he thought, “center-city is no place
for a junkie in this town. Especially with a bottle of
‘terp’ in my kick.”

(“terp”) : Elixir of terpin hydrate with codeine
—a cough syrup.

He turned right at the corner, took about three
steps and stopped dead in his tracks. There, standing
not ten feet away and looking him straight in the
eye, stood Detective Sergeant Leo Carter, second in
command of the city’s Narcotic Squad—a belligerent
guy to begin with, and Maxie's sworn enemy. It was
Carter who was responsible for Maxie’s last stretch
in the pen.

“Oh, my gosh,” stammered Maxie. “That creep.
Out of all the fuz in town, it has to be Carter.”

“Hello, Maxie," Carter grinned menacingly,
“long time no see.”

“Hi, Sergeant,” Maxie said with a weak smile.
"I was just—"

“Yeh,” Carter interrupted, “I know what you
was just doing. I’ve been watching you for the past
ten minutes through the window. What was it
Maxie, a preseription?”

“No, Sarge. You know I wouldn’t do that. ’m
off the stuff and have been for a long time.”

“What was it then, a box of cough drops?”

“Just a bottle of cough syrup, that’s all—for my
grandfather,” Maxie added.

“Wouldn’t be a bottle of ‘terp’, would it?” the

“As a matter of fact it was ‘terp’,” Maxie replied.
“How'd you guess, Sarge?”

With one lightning-like motion Carter advanced
upon Maxie, snatched him up by the coat lapels and
hawked angrily into his ear. “Listen, you little punk,
I know you're on the stuff again and I know that
bottle of ‘terp’ ain’t for your grandpop.”

“Please, Sarge, you're creasing my lapels,”
Maxie pleaded. “You don’t have to get rough with
me. Give me a break. I ain’t broke no laws—have I?”

“You broke laws all right,” Carter replied.

“Junkies ain’t permitted to buy or use ‘terp’ and you
know they ain’t. And besides, what are you doing in
town in the middle of the day? You’re on parole and
supposed to be working.”

Maxie thought fast. “Why, Sergeant, I was on
an errand for the boss. Had to pick up a package at
the post office.”

“I get it,’ Carter interjected, “and so the trip
shouldn’t be a total loss; you couldn’t resist picking
up a little something, is that it?”

“No, that ain’t it.” Maxie pretended to be hurt.
“I told you, Sarge, the ‘terp’ is for my grandpop; he
has a terrible cough.”

“And I told you you’re a liar. I’m running you
in, Maxie. I think you’re on the stuff again.”

“Look, Sarge.” Maxie was cringing now.
“Please give me a break. I just got out of stir three
months ago. If you take me in they’ll send me back
for sure—even if I beat the rap.”

“Which you won’t,” Carter quickly added. “I'll
lay you two-to-one I can find fresh needle marks on
your arms right now.”

“Please don’t run me in,” Maxie whined despair-
ingly. “You don’t really want me. I’m a nobody.”
Maxie stopped walking and stopped to face the of-
ficer. “Look, suppose I were to tell you about a guy
I know who’s pushing junk. Would you give me a
break then?”

Sergeant Carter’s face became instantly alight
with interest. “Well, Maxie, my boy, now you're be-
sinning to make some sense. If you give me a little
cooperation, I might just forget I ever saw you to-
day."

Maxie was thinking very fast now. “Let’s not
stand out here Sarge, let’s go somewhere and have a
cup of coffee while we talk, O.K.? I'd rather not be
seen talking with you. You can understand that,
can’t you?” He held his breath, praying that Carter
would take the bait.

The detective thought a moment, then smiled
and said: “Sure, Maxie, we’ll have some talk over
coffee, and you can tell me who the guy is I want—
instead of you.”

Before their coffee arrived, Maxie had already
completed the fabrication of his story. “If he wants
a pusher so bad, I'll have to give him one,” he
thought. “But it will have to look good. This cop is
nobody’s fool, and if he even suspects ’m lying to
him, I’m dead—physically and otherwise.”

Sergeant Carter waited until Maxie had taken
two sips of the steaming brew, then reached across
the table. Cigarette, Maxie?”

“Thanks Sarge.” Maxie smiled winningly.

“Listen kid,” Carter began in his soft persuasive
tone, one reserved for informers, “I hope you ain’t
sore about what happened out on the street.”

“I understand, Sergeant,” Maxie replied com-
passionately. “And, like I said, I’m going to help
you. Ain’t that our agreement?”

“Are you ready now?” Carter was anxious.

“Ready for what ?—Oh, ych, the pusher!” Maxie

“Who is he?” Carter was pressing hard.

“It ain’t that easy,” Maxie answered warily.

“What do you mean, it ain’t that easy?”

“I don’t know his name or nothing like that.”

“Took, Maxie, if you’re stalling, so help me I'll
knock you off that chair.” Carter’s gentle, soft con-
descending tone had disappeared. “Come on, out
with it. Who is he?"

“Well...” Maxie was purposefully stalling
now, gathering his thoughts together for the big lie
and wanting it to sound good. “He’s a real skinny
guy, about five-ten. He’s also a real sharp dresser.”
Maxie continued, “Wears Ivy League suits, dark, I
think. And his shoes, Sarge.”

“What about his shoes?”

“They’re yellow, Sarge, yellow and pointy. And
sometimes he wears spats—gray spats.”

“And that ain’t all,” Maxie was beginning to
warm up to this game. “He wears a white shirt with
a tab collar and a tie-pin.”

“What about a hat?” Carter asked.

“Oh, yeh,” Maxie replied, “I almost forgot. He
wears a black Homburg and always carries an um-
brella.”

“An umbrella?” Carter inquired increduously.

“That’s right, Sarge, he always carries an um-
brella—a black umbrella. That’s where he deals the
stuff from."

“Where can I find this guy?” he asked.

Maxie had forgotten to prepare for this one.
“You'll find him, er, uh—hanging around the corner
of 19th and Lombard. He’s usually there between six
and seven-thirty P.M. on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
That’s about the only place I know where you can
find him.”

“When we get this guy, I'll want you to identify
him,” Carter growled.

“Sure thing,” Maxie replied. “Anything I can
do, I'll be happy to do it, Sarge.”

“O.K., you can go back to work,” Carter said,
pushing back his chair, standing and preparing to
leave.

“I can? I mean, thanks very much, Sergeant.”

“Give me your check, Maxie, the treat is on me.”

“Gee, thanks,” Maxie answered while handing
over the ten-cent tab, “you’re not such a bad guy
after all.”

“If you play ball with me, Maxie, you’ll find out
I’m even a better guy.”

“Sergeant,” Maxie began as they stepped to the
sidewalk in front of the restaurant, “I don’t suppose
you would help a guy out?”

“What is it, Maxie?” Carter inquired, a trifle
displeased. He had thought this interview had gone
off a bit too smooth. "If it's dough you want, kid,
well, you know I don’t have—”

“It aint exactly dough, Sarge. Only sixty
cents.”

“What do you want with sixty cents?” Carter
looked really puzzled.

“Well,” Maxie hesitated, “I got forty cents and
a bottle of ‘terp’ costs a dollar. If you could lend me
sixty cents I could get another bottle.”

The Sergeant laughed. “So you’re clean, eh. You
junkies are never clean.” He reached into his pocket
and handed Maxie the silver coins. “Now stay out of
center-city, Maxie. I'm warning you.”

“Thanks, Sarge, and I'll do that—stay away
from downtown, that is.”

On the way to make his meet, Maxie chuckled,
picturing the fruitless chase of the stupid copper
looking for a guy dressed like a circus clown.

With the passage of time, a period of two weeks,
Maxie had completely forgotten the incident with
Sergeant Carter—hoping that the detective had for-
gotten about him, also. After all, he did keep his
promise to stay out of center-city.

At about 10 P.M. on a quiet Thursday evening,
Maxie’s telephone rang.

“It’s for you,’ Maxie’s mother said as she en-
tered the living-room.

“Hello?” Maxie mumbled into the phone. “Hello?
Who’s speaking?”

“Hello, Maxie.” The voice sounded vaguely
familiar and irritating to Maxie’s sensitive nerves.
“This is Detective Sergeant Leo Carter!”

“Oh, hi, Sergeant.” Maxie tried to sound casual
but his stomach turned a somersault. “What rates me
a call at this time of night? I know yow’re checking
on me. I told you I’m clean, Sergeant. Not only clean
but sticking close to home. No trouble. No, sir, not
me.”

“Listen, Maxie, we got him.”

“Got who?” Maxie was really lost now.

Oscar,” Carter continued. “That's your guys
name. We picked him up right where you said
we would, and he was dressed exactly like you
described him to me. Even had that goofy umbrella
hanging on his arm—and it wasn’t even raining.”

“Listen, Maxie,” the Sergeant continued, “I’m
sending a car for you, so you can come right down
and identify him. It should be there in a few min-
utes.” Carter paused. “Maxie, I want you to know
I really do appreciate what you have done for me.
We think this ‘Oscar’ is a big time operator. Prob-
ably heads a big ring judging by the stuff we found
on him.”

“And Maxie ... Can you hear me, Maxie?”

But Maxie wasn’t listening and was beyond
hearing. He lay in a fainted heap on the floor.

—THE END
