---
id: "563"
title: "For the Defense"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FOR THE DEFENSE
by JAMES "MIKE" SMITH

“Sentimental Do-gooders,”’ ... Catch phrase
of our times, this expression has become a cliched
springboard from which are launched the vicious
character-destroying attacks upon those of our
society who refuse to believe that man is not all
animal, and contrarily insist that even the misfits of
the community have human traits worth salvaging.
Let any man, however respected and law-abiding,
raise his voice in protest against the age-old theory
that only “an eye for an eye” will halt the spread of
crime, and he can rest assured that before the day is
over he will have been publicly branded with the
scornful label of “sentimental do-gooder.”

This attitude may be just another reflection of
the philosophy of conformism which in this frantic
age effectively places a stranglehold on the throat of
progress in many social areas. Under the miscon-
ceived tenets of conformism, do-goodism, along with
such other attributes of civilization as culture and
common courtesy, is a mark of individuality, and
therefore a weakness to be despised. However, it is
my belief that the defamation of the once honored
“do-gooders” of our communities can be more direct-
ly traced to a wilful and malicious mis-classification.

With the arbitrary addition of the adjective
“sentimental” the word “do-gooder” becomes a
phrase used to describe in the words of the user, a
weepy, soft-hearted individual whose opinions are
merely the blatherings of an unrealistic dreamer. By
thus using the semantic trickery of the advertising
copywriter and the social indictment of non-conform-
ism, those who questionably describe themselves as
“straight thinkers” heap scorn upon the “do-gooders”’
of the land.

Yet to do good must be essentially a good thing.
Wherefore then lies its harm? Only in the fact that
“do-goodism” has become an all inclusive phrase ap-
plied to any thoughts or actions which oppose the
hoary theories of those self-proclaimed “straight-
thinkers” who advocate the “Get Tough Policy.” It
is harmful to them in that it threatens their position
as self-proclaimed authorities by attacking their pro-
grams of revenge. By awakening the public to the
known fact that such programs have consistently
failed, and presenting for discussion and action new
methods based on social science and a human ap-
proach, the “do-gooders” disturb the peace of mind
of their opponents. For this reason they must be de-
stroyed, if possible, by oratorical and editorial at-
tacks.

Strange enough, there was a time when “do-
gooders” were publicly honored for their contribu-
tions to society. Today it seems they must hide their
faces lest they be pointed out to little children as
ogres who beset society with the evils of Christianity
and enlightened social attitudes.

The almost complete reversal in the public atti-
tude towards such people can be vividly demon-
strated. Perhaps you will remember the case of the
brilliant attorney who, after becoming Attorney Gen-
eral, became a judge in one of the higher courts of
this state. Highly esteemed by all men of his profes-
sion, he capably fulfilled his duties in both positions.
Nationally recognized for his qualifications, he
brought individuality to the bench of the court to
which he was appointed. However, it then developed
that he had one grievous flaw. He was a “do-gooder,”
or at least so-named by his detractors. Suddenly his
previously recognized brilliance, competence, esteem,
and qualifications were unimportant factors. His
party, under the urgings of the “straight-thinkers,”
dumped him at election time. (Please excuse the ex-
pression, but it is the only proper one.)

Another demonstration of the public attitude to-
ward “do-gooders” was the recent awarding of the
“Man of the Year” plaque to the District Attorney of
our city. Since the District Attorney is a rightfully
respected figure in our society, such an award was
perhaps not unfitting. But it certainly seemed a wee
bit incongruous coming from the Prisoners’ Welfare
Society. We must either lament the shortage of avail-
able “do-gooders” more qualified for an award from
this particular society, or sympathize with the many
such people we have reason to know exist within the
“City of Brotherly Love.”

Perhaps some day the pendulum will swing the
other way, and “do-gooders” will once more be men
of honor with respected opinions—some day after the
once more inevitable failures of the “Get Tough
Policy” boys.

While on the subject of editorial cliches, I must
make mention of one even older than “‘do-gooders.”
How many times have you read the expression, “The
defendant showed no signs of remorse?” It seems
that certain unimaginative court-room reporters de-
pend on this old mainstay for what they may believe
is “human interest” copy, something to fill the dread
white spaces between the factual details, often unin-
teresting in themselves.

By “signs of remorse,” they seem to mean a pub-
lic wailing and gnashing of teeth with attendant cries
of, “I’m sorry, Your Honor.” Paradoxically, when
any defendant does behave in such a manner, and
does display any emotion resembling remorse, he is
described as a “sniveling coward.” Somewhere along
the line, the term “lack of remorse” has attained pop-
ular acceptance among newspaper fraternity as a
false synonym for self-control.

No connotation of the noun “remorse” carries
with it the qualification that the bearer must offer
evidence of the same to the public at the time of his
trial. Hach man earries within him the personal
traces of his own guilt, whether his sins be large or
small, and it remains for each individual to determine
his own means of personal expiation. Society’s de-
mands for vengeance and justice may be satisfied by
paying a fine or serving a prison sentence. This is a
public ordeal, and as such is open to public view.
Self-atonement is a private matter which may, or
may not, involve public declarations and demonstra-
tions, depending on the spiritual and mental needs of
the individual concerned. Such emotions are thank-
fully still private property, and yet subject to the
voracious appetite of a sometimes distorted “freedom
of the press.”

As reported in “Editor and Publisher,” a Su-
preme Court decision (Marshall v. U.S. 360 U.S. 310)
reversing a criminal conviction on the ground that
prejudicial material had prevented a fair trial, was
the basis for a letter to the news media requesting
their cooperation in the Apalachin conspiracy case.

At the direction of the presiding judge, the chief
prosecutor wrote letters to all New York newspapers,
radio and TV stations. Part of the letter is quoted
as follows:

“In any free society there are necessarily times
when different freedoms threaten to conflict with
each other. The Marshall case suggests such a con-
flict between the freedom of the press guaranty of
the First Amendment and the impartial jury trial
guaranty of the Sixth Amendment: complete insula-
tion of the jury from outside impact could make fair
news comment impossible during a long trial; un-
limited and unrestrained public comment could make
a fair trial impossible . . . . . . 

“Without attempting to define any standard,
may I suggest that to the extent you consider such
limitation reasonable, fair, and in the total public in-
terest, news comment be restricted as much as pos-
sible to matters actually received in evidence before
the court.”

Judge Kaufman said he had asked the press to
use “the greatest restraint and good judgement in re-
porting the case, because I felt that regardless of the
background of these individuals, I was determined
that they would have a trial based on the evidence, a
trial which would not have crept into it any atmos-
phere that might appear in newspapers or any story
that might publish a criminal record of these defend-
ants during the course of the trial .....

“So you can see the extent to which our demo-
cratic process goes in placing safeguards around de-
fendants on trial and seeing that they are afforded a
fair trial."

All parties concerned in this action deserve our
sincere respect and commendations. However, I must
admit that in addition to the motive of fair play, I do
suspect other factors may have been considered in
writing such a letter.

The men being tried were all men of rather sub-
stantial wealth, and thus expected and capable of
appealing their conviction through every court in the
land. They were not individuals completely unversed
in matters of law, and were not being defended by
run-of-the-mill attorneys. It seems highly possible
that recognition of the latter factors may have
played a large part in the judge’s and prosecutor’s
efforts to obtain the cooperation of the news media
in holding down the usual trial by opinion before
trial by jury.

Let us hope, however, that a precedent has been
set which will enable other, more ordinary defend-
ants to obtain the same safeguards of a fair trial
which were sought for the Apalachin conspirators.
