---
id: "564"
title: "Trying Time"
author: "SELL, Irvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Trying Time
by Irvin Sell

Any truth in this article is purely coincidental.

He lived in a large home on a quiet residential
street. The meek little man was a scholarly, reserved
fellow who never seemed to be disturbed by his wife’s
incessant nagging and complaining, always demand-
ing of him, “Do this or do that, don’t you dare come
home without doing something or other.” Poor man,
all he would ever say was, “Yes, dear.” A timid soul
indeed!

His typical day began when he left the house
promptly at 8:30, and arrived fifteen minutes later at
the County Courthouse. He would go directly to his
large chamber on the second floor, and relax there
until exactly 8:58, at which time he would don his
long, black robe. On the stroke of nine the door
leading to the bench opened, and he made his appear-
ance. His presence was immediately felt as everyone
rose while the court-crier intoned the opening, “Oh
yeas,” loud and clear.

Now the black-robed man was no longer a timid
old man whose wife dictated his every move. As
though a Fairy Godmother had touched him with her
wand, it was now, “Yes, Your Honor; no, Your Hon-
or.” His word was the law and sheriffs, tipstaves,
and clerks hastened to do his bidding. No one dared
to do so much as sneeze without His Honor’s permis-
sion.

“Call the first case,” he bellowed, glancing menac-
ingly at all. Case No. 000 was duly called. “Is Coun-
sel for both sides prepared to proceed? The Court
wants it understood that it will not tolerate any quib-
bling, and we will dispense with the usual prelimin-
aries since this will be a long, tiring four-hour day.”

“Prisoner, look at the jury,” the judge continued.
“Jury, glare at the defendant. In all fairness to the
accused, I must warn his counsel that as he is a can-
didate in the coming election for dog-catcher, his re-
marks should be tempered in the presence of our
many canine-lovers. Is that clear? Very well!”
Precisely at this moment a baby being cuddled in
its mother’s arms burped. The judge glared in the
general direction of the mother and her noisy child,
then stated firmly, “The Court will not tolerate such
outbursts from the spectators. Any further demon-
strations of this sort will result in my having the
court cleared. The Court’s patience has been sorely
tried.”

Thereafter, the usual array of witnesses paraded to
and from the witness stand. At the conclusion of
their testimony, the state and the defense rested their
cases, and the judge began his charge to the jury.

“Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. At this point
it is my duty to instruct you on the law, and at the
same time, briefly review the evidence in this ease.
I might say at the outset that in the Court’s opinion,
the defendant had his finger in the pie. However, I
wish to make it clear—you are not bound to consider
the honest opinions of the Court. You need not con-
sider that a verdict displeasing to the Court will
cause you to be censured and perhaps barred from
any further jury service. However, it might be well
for you to keep such matters in mind in the event you
have any difficulty finding the defendant guilty.

“In deliberating his guilt or Innocence, you need
not concern yourselves with such trivial matters as to
whether the accused could possibly be innocent. You
need only consider his degree of guilt. The law states
that the Court must instruct on ‘reasonable doubt.’
Now, we ask ourselves, ‘What is reasonable doubt?’
To the layman this means that a reasonable man has
no doubt, and since the members of the jury have
been selected because they are reasonable people, you
should have no difficulty in finding that there is no
doubt. However, if some doubt does remain in your
minds after my charge, you might ask yourselves
why the accused is in court at all if he is innocent?
And why does he eringe when the Court glares at
him? These are matters for you, as members of the
jury, to reflect on. They are merely suggestions by
the Court as to what proper reasoning should lead to
in this case.

“No doubt, you will ask yourselves, ‘What will
happen to the defendant if we find him guilty”? You
need not concern yourselves with this matter, for
sentencing is one of the pleasures of the Court. When
recalling the defendant’s denial of his guilt, it might
also be well to reeall the words of Shakespeare, ‘He
doth protest too much.’

“The Court must caution you not to discuss this
case among yourselves, for this will only tend to fog
the issue and lead to confusion in finding the correct
verdict. The foreman will instruct you in your
proper duties. This about covers my charge. Does
Counsel have anything further?”

“Yes, Your Honor,” said the defense counsel. “Ex-
cuse me for saying so, but that part about the ‘finger
in the pie’ wasn’t quite clear.”

“Very well. Members of the jury, you have heard
the request of the defense counsel asking for clar-
ification of my previous remark concerning the de-
fendant’s having ‘a finger in the pie.’ The Court did
not intend to confuse you or mislead you about the
pie. Actually, the pie is not an issue in the case, and
it was merely a figure of speech used to illustrate a
point I wished to make clear.

“Now, members, before submitting this case for
your final consideration, a final word on the law. The
Constitution guarantees a speedy trial, and this of
course embraces a speedy verdict. It is now 3:05. If
you have not made a decision by 3:07, arrangements
will be made for you to spend the evening—and the
night—in charge of Court officers who will escort you
to the ‘Freeloader’s Hotel.’ There you ean relax and
enjoy yourselves at the expense of the tax-payers.

This will include sleeping accommodations, food re-
freshments, and entertainment. Our budget, how-
ever, does not permit certain items of food such as
hamburgers, hot dogs, and soda pop. There are many
other food items from which you can choose, such as
lobster-tails, filet mignon, and pheasant. In the re-
freshment line, as a substitute for soda pop, you may
have champagne, cocktails, and a choice of imported
wines. As for reading material, you are not per-
mitted to read any books on justice or any material
referring to “The American Way of Life.’ There will
be available to you such magazines as ‘Crime Does
Not Pay,’ ‘The Killer and the Sex-Fiend,’ and that
great book, “Why Do Our Juries Hesitate to Convict.’

“I know this will greatly inconvenience you, being
away from your wives and husbands, and having to
spend the night with strange men and women, but
this is your duty and it should be looked upon as an
opportunity to share in new experiences.”

The following morning a verdict of guilty was ren-
dered and the prisoner was called for sentencing. His
Honor asked, “Have you anything to say before the
Court passes sentence?”

His Honor interrupted, “Thank you. I believe you
have expressed yourself quite clearly, but the Court
sees no merit in your plea. This Court has made a
thorough investigation of your background and has
found that your two fathers and three mothers all
voted the split ticket in the last election. In view of
this fact, the Court will give you every possible con-
sideration.

“The sentence of this Court is that you spend the
rest of your natural life in prison. It is hoped that
you will appreciate the mild nature of this sentence.
This Court could have imposed natural and unnat-
ural life sentences to run consecutively. Court ad-
journed.”
