---
id: "566"
title: "Profile"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PROFILE
by Robert F. Cullen

Contrary to popular thinking, modern penal life
does not consist of dull routine, but rather is ar-
ranged to give the individual ample opportunity to-
ward adjusting himself to the outside world.

The man we have chosen to profile, Louis
Straccioni, has not only participated in these read-
justment programs, but in some instances has been
among the original groups that pioneered the way.

When psychological treatment was in its infancy
at HKastern, the inmates regarded it with a natural
distrust inherent in all of us when a new program is
introduced, particularly one associated with “Head
Shrinkers.”

A lot depended on the first class in group therapy
of which “Scratch,” as he’s known to us, was a mem-
ber. That this class was successful had a lot to do
with the ever-increasing enrollment in private and
eroup therapy.

Again, when the educational department opened a
night high school last year, most of the inmate body
was reluctant to attend because school hours ran
parallel to the television programming, which in
many instances was the only recreation for them.
Lou realized, however, that an education would be of
benefit to him upon release and sacrificed his T.V.
After several months of studying he was in a class
with 14 others who were the first in EHastern’s history
to receive high school diplomas. That his efforts were
not in vain was attested to in a commencement ad-
dress by Commissioner Arthur T. Prasse, who prom-
ised that the effort shown by the graduates would not
be forgotten and would be brought to the attention
of the boards of pardon and parole.

Despite his many activities, Scratch has found time
to participate on the loeal sports scene. While his
rotund figure is ideally suited for a shortstop’s po-
sition on one of the local teams, it is on the basketball
court that Lou shines. Too many players allow them-
selves to be lulled into carelessness when guarded by
this roly-poly fellow, and usually a quick steal of the
ball and an easy layup are the consequences.

Serateh’s quickness is not, however, confined to
the basketball court, but carries over to his job where
he is always on the go and has earned the respect of
both inmates and institutional personnel. In his ca-
pacity as clerk for the parole department, he receives
many requests for aid in filling out and filing parole
and commutation applications from many inmates.
It is a rare occasion when he is not available to lend a
hand.

In some instances his assistance has gone beyond
the limits of the penitentiary. In the Spring Issue of
1958, Echo readers were told of this man’s compas-
sion for other people when he helped make a happy
Thanksgiving and Xmas for the wife and two chil-
dren of another inmate who were hardship eases.

In printing this profile we are trying (as always)
not to whitewash a man’s past, but to show how he
can rise above it. The example of Louis Straccioni
is another good mark for both the inmate’s desire to
improve and the institutional programs designed to
help him.
