---
id: "568"
title: "Little Echoes of Time"
author: "MYERS, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Little Echoes
of Time
by Henry Myers

A “New and Fantastic” weapon has been broad-
cast to the world by Premier Nekita Krushchey. The
Premier stated, “Russian scientists have it in the
hatching stage.”

He does not state that this weapon is developed
or anything else relating to it. Yet, the press, T. V.
and radio, have all drawn a picture for us of its po-
tentialities.

Who has seen it? Or for that matter any proof
other than the Premier’s statement that the bomb or
whatever it is actually exists. However, who doubts
even without a shred of proof—that it exists?

The human intellect can accept and reject
threats, concepts, proof, logic, lies, and reasoning
with a flexibility bordering on the ludicrous, at one
time accepting a half-truth and rejecting at an other
a whole truth, depending entirely on the moods pub-
lic opinion has created, sometimes using logic, some-
times pure propaganda as a yardstick.

A professor will sit across a table from a reason-
able thinking man and explain the laws of kinetics,
explaining in lay terms that the very table they sit
at is not a solid mass of innate matter; that rather it
is a continuous mass of moving, ever circling atoms.
You look, nothing is moving before your eyes. You
touch it, it’s surface-hard and flat under your hand.
To your senses his theories are a lie. Yet, unquestion-
ably we accept what we cannot see and cannot feel.

Do you fully understand Einstein’s theory on
relativity? Hardly, and of course, neither do I.
There are hardly a dozen men in the whole world who
do. Yet, not understanding it, we accept this
theorum. Why? Is it because men of great learning
and letters have expounded these mysteries? I do
not think so; that argument is too easy to refute.

Men of equally great learning in their own fields have
had their theories rejected. Criminologists, who have
spent their life in the study of crime and its causes
have argued for years that punishment does not
deter crime.

From Andrew J. Palms “The Death Penalty,”
written in 1891, comes the following:

“At the National Conference of Charities held
in Louisville, Ky., in 1883, the report of the standing
committee on crimes and penalties, prepared by
seven members, all persons of ability and experience
in dealing with criminals, contained the following
paragraph:

“The inefficiency of criminal punishments to re-
press crime at present and throughout the ages is be-
lieved to be largely attributable to the spirit of re-
taliation that pervades them; at least it may be safely
said that the deterrent principle, if not an entire
failure, has not yet found its true place in public pun-
ishment for crime. The sanguinary punishments of
all history are accompanied with numerous crimes,
while offences have diminished as penalties have been
softened. Neither amphitheatre, stake, nor cross, nor
sewn with serpents in the sack and thrown into the
sea, indeed nothing of penalty that human ingenuity
could devise, has prevented crimes to any observable
extent.” And criminologists have been swearing to
these statements ever since, with relatively few ac-
cepting their opinions.

The Russians at one time or another have laid
claim to all or nearly all the inventions of man—the
telephone, radio, ete. Perhaps as the Premier stated,
they have a new and fantastic weapon, but until we
are made aware of some kind of concrete proof, I
don’t think we should surrender.

A "Well Done" For You

Dr. Nathan Blumberg, Medical Director here at
Eastern, extends his personal thanks to all the men
who cooperated in making the Dec. 23 blood donation
a success.

Dr. Blumberg tendered to us the following letter
from Mrs. Mary T. Foster, Chairmen of the Central
Phila. Branch of the American Red Cross.

Dec. 28, 1959

My Dear Dr. Blumberg;

We wish to especially thank all the “121” pro-
ductive blood donors, who so generously gave
their blood on Dee. 23, 1959—when the Ameri-
can Red Cross visited you! It was wonderful!
That was the only visit we had scheduled in
the entire week before Christmas, so the a-
mount of blood collected was of vital import-
ance.

The people who needed and received blood
over the holiday season are the ones who
were restored to life and health by the donors,
who gave the gift that only people can give—
there is no substitute for blood.

Please accept our “thanks”—each and every
one, who made possible the Blood Mobile visit,
and those who participated.

Gratefully,
Mary T. Foster

Volunteer Blood Chairman of the Central Phila.
Branch; American Red Cross

I often wonder why some of our citizenry do
nothing but ery and write letters to Editors each
time new evidence of juvenile delinquency explodes
in their city.

That some juveniles are a problem, no one will
deny, but to paraphrase, there is no use crying over
spilled blood. The time for action is before the crime.
To cite a recent example of competent officials who
wrestled with, and defeated delinquency, I’d like to
bring your attention to the city of Sherman, Texas.

An industrial-agriculture town of 30,000, their
problem is being uniquely controlled by the small
Sherman Police Foree which substituted tact for
toughness.

In their off-duty hours these officers conducted
record hops, originated a hot rod club, sponsored a
Golden Glove team, and in general channeled the
youthful energy of their city into pursuits that were
lawful, and yet interesting. By stimulating the in-
terests of juveniles with these organizations they not
only coped with the present problem of delinquency,
but averted the possibility of future criminal actions
when these teenagers, become adults.

The example of Sherman can be repeated in your
community. Remember, a few minutes of your time
may stop a boy from a life of crime.

Many little things go to making a prison sen-
tence, if not easier, at least pleasanter. One illustra-
tion of this is the warmth and cordiality of Officer
Mike Mazio, toward our visitors. Mike has been for
sometime the regular visiting room guard. It is no
rare sight to see Mike tending to some small child,
while the wife talks of the loneliness that must be
hers, to her spouse on the wrong side of the screen.
Mike’s job here is that of guard; it is his duty to keep
us in here, yet he has managed to inject into his
duties that quality of humaneness that makes our
loved ones at ease while visiting us in this citadel of
the caged.

On the wrong side of the sereen—the prisoner’s
side—Officer Lieb supervises. His contact with our
visitors is very slight. It falls to him the inevitable
task of advising the prisoner that his visiting period
is over and that he must wrap up the sight of his
loved ones to hold him over till the next visiting day.
Yet Officer Lieb—with an insight into the feelings of
those he must part, gives to us a dignity of respect
and his words a tinge or regret. These, then, are
some of the few things that make our existence
endurable.

Station W-E-S-P hit the airwaves for the first
time a few months back and has been gaining in pop-
ularity, weekly. Hampered by the lack of records
(music that is), the D.J.’s have relied heavily on the
local talent around them, and the response has been
enthusiastic. Eastern has always had a dance band
and a concert orchestra, but no one ever realized
there were so many individual combo’s, vocal groups,
and vocalists until this idea came into being. At the
present the programs are limited in scope, subsisting
mainly on music, but this month will see several
changes in format with Tone poems, humorists, and
other novel ideas springing up. The present disk
jockeys, Jerry Poster, Teddy, Bob Cullen, and Whit-
ney, are constantly improving their forums and it
looks like good listening ahead. Also a bouquet of
thanks to the recording companies, radio stations,
and others who have donated the platters our boys
spin. The End!
