---
id: "569"
title: "Non Compos Mentis or Crazy, Man, Crazy"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Non Compos Mentis
or
CRAZY, MAN, CRAZY

Francis A. Murphy

IT was 3 A.M. when the Center City prowl ear
pulled up to a tire-sereeching, rubber-burning, siren-
sereaming stop at the entrance to the Center City
Hospital. (You see, it would have been impossible
for the hospital to pull up in a tire-screeching, rub-
ber-burning, siren-screaming stop in front of the
prowl car; it’s plausable.)

Actually, I can’t remember it, but they said I had
been arrested for throwing Japanese Beetles in the
window of Detective Headquarters. (They say it
caused quite a tizzy among the coffee house raiders,
who were resting in anticipation of another raid on
a local chess club. (Loaded Rooks, illegal use of,
See. 4, Par. 2. Article 9, Criminal Code.)

After hours of continued questioning, like, “How
long would it take you to find your way out of a re-
volving door?”—without a seeing-eye dog, of course.
And, “If King Solomen had a thousand wives, why
did he sleep with a Teddy Bear?’—or was it his
Grandfather?

Finally, the cream of the local coffee house
raiders had come to the conclusion that I was num-
ber one on the list of the most in need of a visit to the
Psychiatrie Ward. (One psycho can tell another at
the drop of a couch.) Two of the more intelligent
members of the coffee house raiders (one of them
couldn’t find his own nose with both hands; the other
found it once in three tries) were the left-door-
erasher and the downstairs window-breaker, and
they escorted me to the doctor’s office where I was
introduced to Dr. Ivan Sputnick. (Right away,
quick as a flash, I said to myself, “The dirty spy!”)

“Well,” said the doctor, “what a fine looking
man we have here.”

“What you see is nothing,” I said. I’m getting
an estimate on a haircut tomorrow.”

“O.K.,” the doctor replied, as his mouth shut
with the unnatural softness of a hospital door. (It
could be.) Dr. Sputnick’s face was a bright tomato-
red and as hard as the manager of a loan office. He
had more wrinkles than a neurotic bull-dog; in fact,
he slobbered like one, too. The veins of his face
showed through in fine lines of eggplant purple. He
also had a ballet dancer (a girl) tattoed on his right
ear. (So? He’s not the only one, you know.)

“Now, now,” he said, as he placed his moist,
clammy, ham-like hand on my shoulder. (His touch
was as cold as a sex-starved cobra—and you know
how cold they are.) “I want you to know that I am
your friend.” (Oh, he was a sneaky one alright.)
He went on to tell me that at one time he was a thief.
(It was just an amiable prevarication; he only says
that for social prestige and reference.) I licked his
hand gratefully and shouted, “Yipeee!” (You see,
I speak Texan fluently.)

I knew he was as false as a chorus girl’s eye-
lashes, probably as slippery as a water-melon seed
too, but I was ready for him as I sat there relaxed as
an unconscious drunk, curling my moustache with a
heated hairpin and smoking a Viceroy. (I’m a
thinking man.) He was squirming like a nervous
dowager who couldn’t find the rest room. He
pointed to a photograph atop his desk and said, “My
daughter, age 19; I call her Gillette because it was so
hard to razor—ha, ha, ha. Her mother calls her
‘Baby’ because she has only one tooth.” (A nice kid,
I thought, but will probably grow up to be an ax-
murderess.) “Well, Cousin,” he continued, “shall we
have some tea before we begin?”

Shortly after, however, he had to apologize, for
he was a little short on tea—so I had to smoke a reg-
ular cigarette. The doc took three drags and his eyes
turned patriotic; they were blue with red whites.

When his eyes returned from orbit, he began his
questions to me. “Now Chum,” he said, “why do you
hold your hand inside of your coat? Do you think
you're Napoleon? Perhaps you have an itch?”

“Of course not,” I replied. (Actually, I took a
lie detector test later, and it proved I was lying.)
“My belt was taken from me, and ’m holding my
pants up.” I also told him that I liked sitting im
rocking chairs, but I don’t think that Pm Whistler’s
Mother. (1 did hear that she eventually went off her
rocker—rumors, rumors, teh, tch.)

At this juncture I asked for something to quench
my thirst. “Would you care for some champagne?"*
he asked.

“Oh, yes!” I replied, “champagne always tastes
like my foot’s asleep.”

“Thirsty, eh?” he inquired, as he arched his eye-
brow over his good eye.

“No,” I answered, “not thirsty ; my teeth are on
fire and the smoke is getting in my eyes.”

The doe reached over and patted me on my head
in a friendly gesture—leaving two ugly red welts.
“It’s just a flesh wound,” I mumbled to a few disin-
terested passers-by.

As soon as I retained my vision he raised his
drink and said, “Well, here’s to the bats in your bel-
frey, as we psychiatrist say.”

"Capital!" I cried, "you said that admirably."

“Sir,” he said, mounting a small tree stump in
his office, ‘‘are you showing contempt for this of-
fice?”

“No, Sir, I'm trying to conceal it.”

He shot me a stare that was dirtier than the in-
side of a Russian horse doctor’s medicine kit. He
slowly drew out his pearl handled sword, quickly
brandished it three times over his head, called to one
of the coffee house raiders, who were squating near-
by like vultures, to fetch his bugle and blow
CHARGE. After this order had been complied with,
Doe pointed his sword directly at me and coura-
gcously charged. I instantly lit a Viceroy (thinking
man, remember!) I puffed furiously—very furi-
ously—then avoided the charge under cover of the
smoke screen. (It’s possible, but only with Vice-
roys.)

*The champagne was purchased for 8¢ a fifth,
at an auction, after some real spirited bidding.

When the smoke cleared, the doctor was sitting
on the floor, cross-legged, picking wax from his ear
with the point of his sword. The two coffee house
raiders were busy taking Pink Pills for Pale People,
trying to overcome the effects of my furious smok-
ing, while I stood there paring my nails with my
automatic nail parer.

“Son,” the doctor began in an exasperated tone
of voice, “what is it that you want from life?”

“Oh, Sir,” I replied, “if you would only grant me
permission to beg for alms on the Catherdal steps,
just so I could get enough money to market my
Smokeless Tobacco.”

"Hold fast there, Mate," he said. (He liked to
use Sailor talk ever since he had a ride on the Jersey
City Ferry.) “Did you say ‘smokeless tobacco’?”

"Yes," I replied, "you chew it."

After five minutes of silence, broken only by the
grinding of the doctor’s teeth, (quite a difficult feat,
considering he had no lowers) the doctor fired a look
in my direction, and in a highly educated, well-modu-
lated tone of voice, said, “Listen you creep, I'd lke
to throw a scorpion on ya, but I’m going to try once
more. Have you ever had any hobbies?”

“Sure,” I said. (I was looking at him slyly—I
always look slyly in psychiatric offices.) “I like to
hunt and drink,” I carefully admitted.

With a slight falter in his voice he said, “I know
I’m a fool for asking, but WHAT do you hunt?

"Drink," I replied.

At that precise moment the falling of great bell
began to toll. It was unable to whistle, so it just had
to toll. It was summoning the domestics to lunch.
Throwing the whip and chair down the mail chute,
Doe turned to me and inquired as to what I would
like for lunch.

“A wild duck dinner,” I replied.

“We have no wild duck, Son,” he apologized,
“but we could take a tame one and irritate it for
you."

Being head of his department, I guess they tried
to fulfill his every wish, so I said "O.K., stuff it."
(The duck, I mean.) He was the head ole his depart-
ment alright, but I had seen better heads on umbrel-
las. He looked at me queerly for a minute, then said,

‘What did you just say, Cousin?”

“Oh, nothing,” I replied. He wasn’t going to get
anything on me. He didn’t know that I had learned
how to say “Not Guilty” long before I learned “Ma-
ma” or Pa-pa,” or even wave by-bye.”

We finally settled for a steak apiece, and when
I mentioned that I had eaten better steaks for bad
behavior, he replied, “If I had a horse I would horse-
whip you.” (We remained silent for one minute out
of respect for that last joke which had just died.)

After a brief interlude a startled look came in-
to his eyes—not uncommon to psychiatrists. He then
pointed his finger at me. (It was then that I noticed
he had the full ten fingers like everyone else, only he
had eight on one hand and two on the other. “Say,”
he inquired, “aren’t you the one I had in here last
vear for throwing Black Widow Spiders into the Ma-
ternity Ward of the Orphan’s Hospital?”

I laughingly confessed to this boyish prank and
also told him about how I fell from a sixty-foot lad-
der and never received a scratch. The good doctor
squinted at me for a full two minutes, cleared his
throat, placed the merest hint of cologne behind both
ears, put a .38 revolver on his desk and said, “O.K.,
Cousin, why weren’t you hurt after falling from a
sixty-foot ladder?”

I replied that I had been standing only on the
first rung. (The doctor vomited.) I ducked real
quickly as one of the coffee house raiders attempted
to give me another friendly pat. Trying to change
the subject, I said, “I don’t mind being here, for it’s
been only a short time ago that another psychiatrist
cured me of a terrible fear I had about answering the
telephone when it would ring. (If it didn’t ring, I
wouldn’t worry about answering it.) In just a few
visits I was completely cured. Now I can answer the
phone if it rings or not. I got so I liked telephoning
so much, that even when I took a bath, I always gave
the tub aring.” (This time one of the raiders laugh-
ingly kicked me three or four times. )
“Cousin,” he said, “I’m tired. I keep long hours here.
I’m up at dawn every morning to see the sun rise.”
(I interrupted him here to tell him he couldn’t have
picked a better time to see the sun rise.)

He was close to the breaking point now. He
said, “Dear friend, why, O why, didn’t you take up a
hobby, like riding in subways, or perhaps you could
have taken up folk dancing—anything except throw-
ing poisonous bugs around. I told him that I was
eraterful for his analysis, but that riding in subways
gives me sinus trouble, and folk dancing was out be-
cause I have never seen a folk. “So,” I continued,
“vou can take those suggestions, cut them up in small
pieces and sell them as mandolin picks.”

“Cousin of mine,” the doctor said, as he spit at
me and missed, “were you ever sick?” I informed
him that I had the usual children’s diseases: Mumps
when I was 46 years old and Measels at 48. “Ah, I
see,” he said, “were you in the Army, dear chum?”

"Yes," I replied.

“Fine,” said he, “who’s side were you on?”

This aroused my ire (O get me!) and I reached
for a book that was near at hand to throw at him.
But at the last second I noticed it was a rare first
edition to the Sears-Roebuck Catalogue. I held my
fire.

Yes, today I am a beaten man, a poor man. I
only have a little garden snake for a companion.
Yes, he or she (whatever the case may be) is a poor
snake, too; for he or she (whatever the case may be)
hasn’t even got a pit to hiss in. In the words of that
eoreat horseman, Paul Revere, at the end of his fam-
ous ride he said, “Whoa!” So it’s about time that I
said "Whoa," too.

I’m up here now at the State Funny Farm. It’s
not too bad, a little dull at times (in fact it’s so dull,
that one day the tide ran out and never returned, )
but I feel fine. ’m taking a new tranquilizer pill; it’s
called “Dammital.” There are about twenty lady
patients here and I am forever chasing them, only I
just can’t seem to remember what to do with them
after I catch them.
