---
id: "570"
title: "American Civil Liberties Union"
author: "Coxe, Spencer (director of ACLU Phila. branch)"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION

Greater Philadelphia Branch

260 SOUTH 15th STREET
Phila. 2, Pa.        KI 5-4576

Many inmates write to the American Civil Liberties Union for help. While A. C. L. U. is always open to re-
quests for assistance, we are very seldom able to help prisoners. Inmates considering asking for A. C. L. U.
help should know the following:

1. The Philadelphia office of the ACLU has no lawyer on its staff.

2. ACLU is never able to send a representative to interview an inmate.

3. ACLU does not offer assistance to persons convicted in Philadelphia County because the Defender
Association of Philadelphia is available to consider requests of this sort.

4. In general, where an inmate was represented by counsel at his trial, or sentencing, ACLU must
assume that the inmate received due process. We do not have the manpower to review every court
proceeding which turned out bad for the defendant.

5. ACLU is willing to investigate cases in which the inmate says he has not been represented by
counsel, or is unable to obtain counsel.

6. Inmates writing to ACLU should state whether or not they were represented by counsel in the
matter complained of, and if so, his name and address.

7. ACLU does not concern itself with parole plans.

ACLU would like to do more for prisoners, but it is a small organization. We hope that this explanation
will help inmates realize our limitations, and will save inmates from disappointment.

Spencer Coxe,
Executive Director
