---
id: "571"
title: "Eastern Basketball"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0035.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
HAWKS DEFEAT DONS, 61-57,TO
INITIATE SECOND-HALF OF EASTERN BASKETBALL
LEAGUE

Nov. 7—-The Dons and Hawks played the opening game, and
the Hawks won by a four-point margin. Before game-time the
Dons were heavily favored. This was due to the fact that Elijah
Sheppard and his Gentlemen had won the first half by a wide
18-3 margin, and that Harry Fricker and his Hawks had finished
10-11, a poor third.

In spite of the Dons razzle-dazzle ball handling, and busy
scoring trio—Woody (12), E. Sheppard (12), C. Adderly (14),
steady rebounding and play-making by June-Bug (6), Bernard
(0), fair support from the bench, C. C. Clark (8), Vernon (4),
McCloud (1), Juice Cohens (0)—the fighting Hawks took the
lead in the first minute of the final quarter and rolled on to a
61-57 victory, shattering the Dons’ 8-game winning streak.

The dominant factors among the winning heros were
Fricker’g superb all-round playing which netted (16); Roose-
velt’s bull-like defensive and tricky offensive moves (16) ;Bo-
gardus with his steady-eddie motion, and always good for the
tap, sunk (13); Freddie, small but determined (14); Pinky’s
aggressiveness on the backboards (2); J. Robinson, E. Brown,
J. Morrison and Nails played a couple of minutes in the 3rd
quarter—neither scored.

THE LAST-PLACE CELTICS
SCORED THEIR FIRST WIN OF 2ND HALF

Nov. 9—The determined Celtics trailed the Reliables by 9 points
at the end of the 1st quarter and didn’t begin until the last 7
minutes of the 2nd quarter to pick up momentum. In the re-
maining 8 minutes of the quarter they overwhelmed the first-
place Reliables and made it a tied game. The Reliables and
Celtics scored point-for-point in the third period. In the first
minute of the final quarter the Celtics took the lead and surged
on to a 49-40 victory, pushing the Reliables out of a three-way
first place tie with the Hawks and Dons.

Cochise, one of the league’s tallest, was the deciding factor
with 17 points, and the biggest margin of rebounds.

Croxton, coming alive with a bang in the final quarter
with 8 points and his share of rebounds, could have won the vote
of the game’s hero. Fleming (7), Little Mace (7), Blackie (3),
Swanson (3), Turk (2), Trypus (7), all figured as Celtics
gained its first decision in the half.

RELIABLES VICTOR WITH EARLY LEAD

Nov. 13—After two straight losses to third and fourth place
teams, John O’Brien and his Reliables were thrust back into
prominence by defeating the first-place Dons, by 56-53. Tucker
proved to be the difference with his 27 points. O’Brien and
Curly played a whale of a game; respectively, they scored 13,
10, each. A. A. Joe (4), Wheeler (2), figured in the win for the
Reliables.

SUMMARY OF THE LEAGUE’S FINAL HALF

Nothing could stop the schedule, and nothing could stop
true lovers of the game called Basketball. They were there,
cold, rain or shine. Harry Fricker, star player, ground-keeper,
reporter and part-time score-keeper, wins Yours Truly’s vote
for the valuable member of the league. Much credit goes to
Thomas (“Big Low’’) Davis and Ralph (‘The Tank’’) Burrell,
for the holding together of the league, for helping with keeping
the grounds in shape, and refereeing the games respectively.
GAMES IN BRIEF: The second half had many exciting
moments, but some of the most exciting were whenever the Dons
and Reliables met. A particular game in mind between the two
was their second meeting of the new half, in which required an
extra period to settle a win for the Reliables, 70-68. Curly, for
the Reliables and E. Sheppard, his opponent, put on a whale of a
duel in rebounding and shooting. Shep was good for 29 points,
and Curly, 26. The Reliables coupled Curly’s good day with the
excellent defensive work of Brooks (6), MeFall (2), Robert
Erwin (4), and the sharp-shooting of O’Brien, A. A. Joe and
John Wheeler, who collectively hit for a total of 30 points.

As the Dons went down to the Reliables, the next day the
Hawks spread their wings before them and served notice that
they were out for the Championship. They battled the Reliables
down to the wire before bowing, 50-44. Big Jim pumped in 17
points; Fricker (6) and Roosevelt (12) before Curly, Tucker,
and Shakey pulled the game away with a 37-point combined
effort. The loss didn’t damper the Hawks’ spirit at all, for they
came back with a 59-54 victory over the Celtics. In this game
Big Jim drove, tipped and shot his way to 19 points, while
Fricker and Earl Brown drove the opposition mad with their
tricky ball handling, stealing to set up play and offsetting the
efforts of the Celtics. Albert Sheppard and Cochise scored 15
and 16 points respectively.

The Celtics were not forever daunted. On their next outing
they bounced back with a 52-35 victory over the Hawks. A. Shep
took personal charge and led the way with 21 points as the
Celtics smashed their way to victory. Game after game brought
thrill after thrill and the weather seemed to bother no one. As
the League progressed and the Dons began a drive for first-
place, the tension in the air could be cut with a spoon. The Dons
came on strong with a 70 to 58 point victory over the Hawks, a
60-55 victory over the Celtics, a 61-53 victory over the Reliables,
then repeated around the League before bowing to the Celtics
(55-52) in a hard fought game.

Finally, after the Dons had regained first place and the
season neared its close, the tightness of the league became more
evident. Fricker sank 24 points, Big Jim, 17, and contributions
from Freddie, Harl Brown, Holly, and Robinson, almost upset
the apple cart in a 58-57 thriller won by the Dons. In the decid-
ing game date it was the old nemisis, Reliable A. C., hit by in-
juries, that supplied the opposition for the powerful Dons led by
“Big’’? Jumping Jack Adderly. The heart and spirit of such
men as Shakey, Tucker, Norman, O’Brien, Billy, Wheeler, Chuck,
Joe, and Curly kept the issue in doubt until the last three min-
with Weiss, Woody, Junebug, and Juice carrying the load with
good defensive work from Vernon, Clark, Bernard, and inspir-
ation from Bunny, the Dons pulled away to a 44-39 Champion-
ship victory. However, the real story of the 59-60 season lies
with the tremendous job done by the “Hold it Together Men,’’
Fricker, Big Lou and Ralph—especially Lou. On a particular
occaision, when he needed it, Big Lou showed self-mastery and
reserve, averting near disaster by a heart-warming display of
diplomacy and self-reserve when the League got hot both on the
Court and in temperament. Basketball at Cherry Hill has grown
by leaps and bounds in the past seasons. This progress should
continue. The men deserve it.

Final standings in Second Half
Dons       Won 14   LOSE  7
Reliable    "  11     "   9
Hawks       "   9     "  11
Celtics     "   6     "  13

TEAMS & PLAYERS
Don's 
Adderly
E. Sheppard
Woody
Juice
June-Bug
Bernard
Donny Weiss
Vernon W.
Clark
Duck
Beans
Bunny

Reliable
Tucker
Curly
O'Brien
A. A. Joe
Norman
Wheeler
Shakey
Billy
R. Erwin
Tuffy
Chuck
MacFall
Brooks

Hawks
Big Jim 
Roosevelt
Fricker
Freddy
Earl Brown
Bogardus
Holley
Robinson
Pinky
Nails

Celtics
Cochise
A. Shep
D. Croxton
Blackie
Little Mae
Trypus
Joost
Smiley
Swanson
Fleming
Samson
Fleming
Samson
Abdul
Turk
Turk
Ike
Roseweg
Nick
Herb

THE DONS WON BOTH HALVES FOR THE
EASTERN BASKETBALL LEAGUE’S CHAMPIONSHIP
BUT LOST FACE BY DROPPING TWO STRAIGHT TO
THE LEAGUES ALL-STARS TO SETTLE A THREE
GAME SERIES

Jan. 25 & 26—Despite of the second guessers and determination
of the Dons with their strong starting five; E. Sheppard, C.
Adderly, H. Cohens, D. Weiss and A. Wesley, as well as a power-
ful bench: Bernard, Charles Clark, Little Woody, V. Waites,
McCloud and R. Sharp; they were destined to go down in de-
feat in front of the All-Stars. Although the Dons were leading
by a one point margin when the game was discontinued until
the following day, “due to our time limit,’’ the All-Stars slept
with confidence that they would overtake their opponents for
the win.

The following afternoon at 2 p.m., the whistle was sounded
to resume play, on the jump Cochise tapped the ball over to
O’Brien who passed to Shakey and he dribbled in and laid it
up for two points and putting the All-Stars in front. Big
Tucker, Fricker and Shakey hit a hot streak and ran up an eight
point lead. Thereafter it was nip-and-tuck action down to
seconds of the period when McCloud leaped and hit, fouled in
the process he made the one shot good and set the final score,
88-83.

The dominant stars for the winners, Tucker, leading scorer
with 25, Fricker 19, Shakey 16, and Cochise 15, O’Brien 7, Big
Jim 4, all figured in big in the hard earned win.

A whale of a game was required to defeat the Dons who
gave it everything they had. Adderly and EH. Sheppard each
scoring big, Adderly was the game’s highest with 26, Shep ac-
counted for 15, Juice played his heart out and gained 10 points
for his effort, Don Weiss and “June-bug’’ Wesley had to be
reckoned with each tallied 9 points.

Jan. 27—ALL-STARS TROUNCED DONS IN FINAL GAME
OF SERIES

The All-Stars beat off the desparate Dons in their attempt
to even series and send it into a third game. Ben Tucker, 6-foot
2 of the Reliables’ Club proved the difference with his 22 points.

1st GAME
All-Stars

         Field   Foul   Fouls  Total
         Goals  Tries   Made   Pts.
Fricker    9      1      1     19
Tucker     9     13      7     25
Sochise    5     11      5     15
O’Brien    3      3      1      7
Shakey     6      5      4     16
Curley     0      0      0      0
Big Jim    1      3      2      4
Blackie    0      0      0      0
¥reddie    0      0      0      0
Roosevelt  1      0      0      2
Totals    34     36     20     88
Manager for All-Stars, Tuffy Wright

DONS

            Field   Foul   Fouls   Total
            Goals   Tries   Made    Pts.
Adderly      11      11      4       26
E. Sheppard   6       4      3       15
Juice         5      10      0       10
Don Weiss     4       1      1        9
Junebug       4       3      1        9
Clark         0       0      0        0
Bernad        2       7      1        5
Vernon        0       0      0        0
McCloud       3       8      3        9
Bunny         0       0      0        0
Totals       39      44     18       83

Elijah Sheppard, Manager for Dons
Referee: Thomas Davis—Scorer: John Robinson
Timer: Ray

2nd Game

ALL-STARS
           Field   Foul  Fouls  Total
           Goals  Tries  Made    Pts.
O’Brien     4       3     2      10
Fricker     5       1     0      10
Curley      0       0     0       0 
Tucker     10       4     2      22 
Cochise     1       0     0       2 
Shakey      3       2     1       7
Freddie     0       0     0       0 
Big Jim     2       3     1       5
Blackie     1       0     0       2
Roosevelt   0       0     0       0 
Totals     26      13     6      58

Manager, Tuffy

DONS
              Field    Foul  Fouls  Total
              Goals   Tries   Made   Pts.
Adderly         5      11      5      15
E. Sheppard     8       5      3      19
Juice           1       2      1       3
Don Weiss       1       2      0       2
Junebug         1       0      0       2
Clark           0       0      0       0
Bernard         0       0      0       0
Vernon          0       0      0       0
McCloud         1       3      1       0
Bunny           0       0      0       0
Totals         18       2     10      46

Referee: Thomas Davis—Scorer: Robinson—Timer: J. Wheeler
