---
id: "572"
title: "One Block Basketball Athletic Associat'n"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
One Block Basketball Athletic Associat’n

The O. B. B. A. A. was officialy opened Dec. 3, and dispite
freezing weather was an immediate success. Three teams orig-
inally started, but within six games, another was added. At
press time the standings were:

TEAM              W   L
Funzzys Warriors  6   2
Irishs Royals     5   4
Tuffys Hawks      4   5
Lumps Nationals   2   6

Games        Pts.     Avg.Games     Pts.    Avg.
Kaye, Royals              8         212     26.5
Steve, Royals             8         178     22.4
Jeff, Hawks               8         171     21.2
Carl, Royals              7         147     21.0
Mickey, Hawks             8         159     20.0
Manny, Warriors           5          94     19.0
Fleming, Nationals        7         108     15.4
Ray, Warriors             8         117     14.6
Lump, Nationals           8          97     12.2
Funzzy, Warriors          7          81     11.4
Pal, Warriors             7          75     10.8
Irish, Royals             8          79     10.0
Bo, Nationals             6          50      8.3
Kemp, Warriors            8          52      6.5

Brief notes on teams:

The Warriors—with Big Ray rebounding, Bucky Bates
sharpshooting, and ol’ Funz making the plays, the team clinched
the first half and jumped off into a second half lead from which
they may not be headed. The Warriors make good use of a fast
break, but when it slows down Al Kemp takes over with deadly
hooks from 15 to 20 feet out. Also on hand are such capable
players as Gaylord, Manny, and another pair of good board
men, Palo and Bowser.

The Royals were picked to be the team to beat but showed
dull edges despite the brilliant board work of Steve Dejewski
and Carl Blessing. The teams failure seems partly due to their
inability to get the ball into Richardson at the high post., and
the lack of a really fast break although the Royals possess two
racehorses in Irish and Ralph. Additional strength is apparent
in Kaye Emrold who can break any game open and Gunsmoke,
a fine outside shooter. Tapp is expected to give more than a
helping hand.

The Nationals have height to burn and still aren’t con-
trolling the backboards. Bill Palmer and Bo Breaker are at the
forward spots while Flip Fleming is a better than average
center, possessing a fine hook with either hand. The return of
Lumps soft touch to the outside shot may be the key to the
Nats rise in the standing, but in the meantime the point total
will have to rest on Palmer and rookie Dave Gibbs. A lot of
hope will also ride in the ability of Norman and Snooks, who
head a bench occupied with other standout rookies, Stan Flamie,
Joe Gardner, and little Ike who will also manage the team.

The Hawks main strength is the generalship behind it. Un-
able to play Tuffy will have to get top performances from two
stellar rookies, Mickey Taylor, and Jeff Stockley. The latter is
the owner of a fine jump shot, while Mickey can get that ball
off the players a half foot taller than himself. Big assets will
be Bob Gerlark at forward, the sparkling of the team is Billy
Bell while William Baines and Donald Morton are each com-
peting for starting assignments. Chalk up additional victories
if Don Smith, and Whitney Rosenzweiz, keep giving those tre-
mendous relief jobs when the starting five tire.
