---
id: "573"
title: "Annual Sportsman's Evening"
author: "Stewart, Jr., James R. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Annual Sportsman’s
Evening

James R. Stewart Jr., Reporter

The Annual Sportsman’s Dinner was held Tuesday evening,
February 9, bringing together again all the men who had par-
ticipated in the many sport events throughout the year.

The guests, accompanied by Mr. Banmiller, joined the fel-
lows in a steak dinner set off by the music of Joe Facio
(trumpet), John Wheeler (tenor sax), Abdue (bass), and
Porkey at the piano.

Later, at the Chapel, Mr. Graham introduced Pete Byron as
Toastmaster for the evening. Pete’s voice was a familiar and
most welcome one to the local baseball and fight fans, who lis-
tened attentively to his presentation of the following guests of
honor: Tom Ferrick, formerly with the Phillies and now coach
for the Detroit Tigers; Dick Carter, a new face with the Phillies
(considered a hot prospect); Zack Clayton, one of Philadel-
phia’s top fight referees; Charley Scott, Philadelphia’s leading
welterweight contender; Joe Granby, manager of several
promising fighters, and who is also responsible for the success
of former Lightweight Champ Bob Montgomery; Joe Sweeney,
local referee, ex-boxer, and currently president of the Veteran’s
Boxers Association; Stan Jaworoski, professional football
official, who related to us his interesting experiences in sports,
giving us a bang by heckling Jim MeGee and his company of
sports writers.

Through our Echo, your reporter was pleased to have had
the opportunity of talking to these fine gentleman of the sports
world. Near the conclusion of the evening, he was asked to
impart this message: “Through sports you learn a lot of things
that will make you a happier and better person—and you will
always receive the greatest satisfaction from contributing your
share in honest effort."

The sportsmen of the past season extend their sincere thanks
and gratitude to Superintendent William J. Banmiller and to
Athletic and Educational Director Mr. Thomas A. Graham.
Their thanks go likewise to Mr. Paul ‘‘Judge” Stilley, who is
responsible for bringing in the many boxers, referees and man-
agers we seldom have the opportunity to see, and to Mr. Richard
Griffen, a basketball enthusiast who has devoted considerable
time in bringing us top outside basketball competition.
