---
id: "574"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0038.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Dear Mr. Smith:

I want to thank you very much for the sample
copies of The Eastern Echo, and also to apologize for
being so late in writing.

The problem, I find, with the church-women, is that
they are occupied with so many things and so many
demands on time and money that there is not much
place for a new interest. However, when I passed
around the copies of Kastern Echo, there arose a hub-
bub of interested conversation, reading of passages
here and there, and I could hear a few comments that
indicated surprise, which I would say is the begin-
ning of breaking down certain stereotypes about
prisoners. At least two of the women took subscrip-
tion forms. (I don’t know yet whether they followed
through on subscribing.) In any case, nobody ex-
pressed to me the attitude that it was foolish or over-
sentimental or something to take an interest in pris-
oners.

As I was favorably impressed with The Eastern
Echo myself, am enclosing my own subscription.

Yours sincerely,

M. Constance Hyslop
Haverford, Pa.

Dear Editor:

For sometime now, we have been interested in a
National Penal Press Week, and the date of March 14
through 20 has been suggested.

Please advise us immediately if this date is agree-
able to your good staff.

The purpose of this special week is to give the
work of the Penal Press publicity throughout the en-
tire nation, and to attempt to get a proclamation of
same from the state governors by the Penal Press
publication in each state.

For instance, some 105 newspapers in Alabama
cooperate with us here in publishing our Penal Press
releases, giving PP credit for the articles.

Since we are printing our last issue before March
at this time and would like to carry the announce-
ment, we would appreciate an immediate reply. We
already have the support of a number of people, in-
cluding Mrs. Dorothy Scheer, Mrs. Penal Press of
1959, and others.

Sincerely,

Albert S. Williams, Editor
The Bulletin Magazine
Mongomery, Alabama

Dear Sir:

I received and read with much interest “The East-
ern Echo” just published. Could you send me three
(3) copies of this for our newspaper editors and
others, where it will do the most good.

With many thanks and best regards to yourself,
your staff and my friends at the institution, I am

Sincerely yours,
Chauncey M. Depuy
President Judge
Chambersburg, Pa.

Dear Mike,

Thank you for sending me your winter issue. I
consider it the best one you put out so far. I didn’t
read it—I devoured it, every word of it. Thank you,
too, for your generous suggestion that I submit some-
thing to your magazine. Perhaps I shall take you up
on that in another hundred years or so when I feel
I can, in the smallest way, equal the writing talent
and ability of you and the members of your staff.

God Bless You All,

Barbara Brown
Banning, California

Dear Sir:

For the past year, the Section of Social Defence
has regularly received “The Eastern Keho” in which
we have frequently found interesting material on the
various aspects of prison life.

I would like to thank the Editor and staff of “The
Eastern Echo” for their courtesy in making this re-
view available to us and to congratulate them on
maintaining such a high standard in the publication.

Yours sincerely,

Dr. Manuel Lopez-Rey
Chief
Section of Social Defence
United Nations
New York, New York.

Dear Mr. Smith:

May I congratulate you on an excellent Winter
issue of The Eastern Echo. I have some 100 of the
publications of the Penal Press each month, and your
journal is moving progressively toward the top in
the quality of mechanical production and literary
content.

The anonymous columnist of the American Journal
of Correction, The Cockleburr, quotes your editorial
in the January-February issue of this Journal, and
agrees with you on the imperative need for closer co-
operation between the public and prison training
programs. I thought you would like to know that one
of our best-informed writers thinks highly of your
philosophy of correction and your literary com-
petence to express it clearly and intelligently.

Sincerely,
J. P. Shalloo
Executive Editor
American Journal of Correction
