---
id: "575"
title: "Portraits"
author: "Null, Larry Lee"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0039.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Portraits by Larry Lee Null

“A MAIDEN”

I remember a maiden, not long ago,
Who stole my heart and loved me so;
She gave to me as none could do,
Love so pure, and all so true.
Till angels came to lead her away ;
I loved her more than words could say,
They took her by her pure white hand,
And led her to a far off land.

A preacher spoke the final word—
By all who eared it could be heard;
They placed her beneath the ground—
Above, the flowers bloom all year round.
She was to me a little queen . .
The prettiest maiden I’ve ever seen;
I hope that where she’ll finally rest,
Is paved with gold, and all the best.

I think some day we’ll meet again,
In a world of love and without sin;
All I can do is hope and pray,
That soon will come that happy day.

“MIRANDA”

Stunning, cunning, wanting and sly,
Hopes and dreams, as high as the sky;
Sacred, charming, bright, and so young,
Voice like an angel, with songs to be sung.

Manners, beauty, poise and grace,
Draped about her like heavenly lace;
Calmness, happiness, placid, and gay,
A smile at the start of each new day.
A giggle, a wiggle, a jiggle, and coy,
Seeing her radiance is such a great joy;
Kind, considerate, dainty and neat,
Thanks to the angel, that made her so sweet.

A sparkle, a gleam, a glow in her eye,
A tear on her cheek and a wimpering ery;
In all of these that are so nice,
Is one little blemish, they’re used to entice.
