---
id: "576"
title: "The J. William White Award"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "1"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1960_body0039.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE J. WILLIAM WHITE AWARD

In the early part of this century, Dr. J.
William White, was a resident physician in ESP
and later became a member of the Board of In-
spectors. In his will, he provided that a certain
amount of money be placed in trust to be used
by the institution for the prisoner whose term
expired during the year; who had undergone
his first term of penal servitude, whether here
or on any other prison; who was under 25 years
of age or over 65 years of age and who was se-
lected by the authorities as most deserving and
most likely to be of permanently honest ways.
This man was to be given the income of the
fund. Dr. White did this in remembrance of
his service as a resident physician and later as
inspector of this institution.

It appears that this fund did not become op-
erative until after the death of Mrs. White in
1925.

This fund has been reactivated and the
Girard Trust Corn Exchange Bank is the pres-
ent trustee and under the terms of the recent
adjudication it is our procedure to certify to
the Commissioner who shall receive this award.
This will be an annual award and, for the year
1959, Superintendent William J. Banmiller cer-
tified that Frank R. Amerling be awarded the
$100, because in the Institutional Staff’s opinion
he met the conditions of Dr. White’s will.

Each year, therefore, the staff will recom-
mend the individual whose term has expired
during the year and this, in turn, shall be for-
warded by the Superintendent to the Commis-
sioner, who will certify the name of the nominee
to the trustee for the award.
