---
id: "58"
title: "Prison Sports"
author: "Poltorak, Steve; Harman, N.L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Prison Sports
by STEVE POLTORAK

With the advent of warmer weather,
the baseball season starting to get under 
way and the handball games getting hotter
every day bring to mind the importance of 
sports in prisons.

ACTIVE PARTICIPANTS:

Picture if you will, a prehistoric man 
striding lithely along, eyes alert and wary, .
on the lookout for a Trachodon-duckbilled 
acquatic dinosaur, or a Tyranosaurus Rex.
The man, a perfect picture of strength and agility
with no mental or physical ills. This is how nature
intended man to be.

After the winter layoff, notice how slow and
awkard the players look in their first spring games.
This same group, in mid-season, will be sharp and
fast, throwing, running and hitting with speed and
power. Reflexes will be lighting sharp and alert.
This is how nature intended modern man to be.

Perhaps more important than physical fitness,
is the letting off of excess energy, the chance to
holler off your excess steam and run off your
worries. Competitive sports like baseball and hand-
ball add zest to the game and a striving for victory
for the individual. Without striving, your body
would rust, reflexes would slow and morale would
drop. We live in a competitive society and sports
help to keep this vital spark of competition alive.
Sports are important anywhere at any time, but
much more so for men in prison who are shut in
for long hours.

There are other pastimes and entertainments
like studies, music, reading, or other hobbies that
are important, but for the outlet of energies that
could otherwise be destructive, nothing
could be better than active sports. Too,
there is something clean and wholesome sur-
rounded by an air of sportsmanship around
& sports that is unique.

SPECTATOR:

For the spectator, too, sports are im-
portant. It’s an association with active
sports. A topic of discussion. It’s a way
wemeg Of fighting loneliness and creating a bump
in the blanket of monotony. It is possible for the
frightened to cry out in anger without being chal-
lenged and for the timid to be furiously boisterous
without being penalized. An important outlet for
pent-up emotions; especially so, in prison.

RADIO AND TELEVISION:

Who could ever forget the stunning impact
of the Bobby Thomson Home run. A champion
ship fight, or a world series. Take baseball: It is,
of course, only a game. It is entertainment, but
it is also dramatic for the player. People listen
for many reasons. There are those in whom the
old dream never perishes, they may have been
awkward, but if they played at this game, they hold
onto the notion that they could have developed
what they had. Some listen because it kills a
couple of night hours, or hastens the passage of
a summer’s day. It is a way of fighting boredom,
hearing the noises of baseball and the live shouts
of people. Some listen because it soothes an in-
terior turbulence. No matter the reason, sports
on the radio and television in prison is a real
blessing.

OBSERVED FROM THE SIDELINES:

Jimmie McKenna adroitly picking up hot
grounders this year; he got that way from sniping
hot butts during the winter. He got so he could
catch them on the fly without burning his fingers—
A Police Car went by outside with siren going and
Frankie (Green Street Count) tried to hide under
third base—Earl Ebee Brown has something in
common with Jackie Robinson; they both wear
baseball mitts—Norman Harmon is the only out-
fielder to sight the ball with his ‘‘Radar Hars’’.
His ears flap like a bird’s wings when he runs;
helps him get there faster—Big Jim Ford reported
overweight and making a noise like a stump—Wood-
carver Billie Hollowell says he dislikes stealing
bases, because he is rehabilitated. Incidentally,
does anyone want to buy a Donkoose—a donkey
that looks like a moose?—George Cohen, catcher
for the Falcons, is in the dough; he works in the
Bake Shop.

OVERHEARD FROM THE SIDELINES:

A voice from near the water bubble, ‘‘These
are sure sorry times. I’m reduced to drinking the
chaser’’—‘‘ Willie Lump-lump is suffering from
Ergophobia—a morbid fear of work’’—‘‘My lawyer
could make this team; he’s sure fast with my
money”—‘‘We are not getting our share of real
sood ball players from the outside; they must be
too busy playing ball”—“I’ve been playing first
base for five years. Boy! am I tired!!"—A passer-
by pointing to the catcher’s chest-protector said
‘Dig that crazy shirt-front.’’

SOFTBALL
by N. L. HARMAN
Asst. Sports Editor

Well, the Cuban League got off to a slow start,
with the weather being bad the first two weeks
of the season. Now with the weather beginning to
get nice and more like baseball time should be, the
League promises to show some great and hotly
contested games.

I will attempt to pick the winners, which will
be a rough assignment:

The First Half will go to the DODGERS. With
their great hitting power and their good pitching
led by No-No. J. W. is a good manager.

The FALCONS will have a late start, but will
be tough with their well balanced offense and good
solid defense plus the pitching of Walkie-Talkie
Johnson and Jim Lassiter, should win the Second-
Half and the World Series. Looks like G. I. Joe
has a winner.

The team to watch will be the RAMS, with
their speed on the base paths and their good steady
pitching staff, with Jordan leading the way and
getting great help from Rooster. This team could
surprise everyone. They have a very good and
capable manager in Big Jim Ford.

The BEARS, last year’s winners, will be rough
and in the fight all the way, but the loss of Burns
and Jackson to the Street will leave a gap which
Big Dave will have a hard time filling as it is too
much for even an Iron Man like Dave. Eddie Ruth
has a problem with the team, but being a manager
of the winner shows that he knows the ball game.

In conclusion, I will say that there will be a
lot of shoe leather worn out by the managers
pacing the sidelines, as this race will be hotter than
Hades. No team can afford to give the other even
a small break.

NOTE: A supplementary sports sheet will be
published semi-monthly to keep our readers abreast
of the institution sports activities.

*-Sunday
**-Holiday

CUBAN SOFT—BALL LEAGUE
1956
Daily Schedule — 2nd Half
Teams:— (1—Bears)   (2—Dodgers)   (3—Rams)   (4—Falcons)

Vis. Home
July 8* — 3 __ 1
     9  — 4 __ 2
     10 — 1 __ 3
     11 — 2 __ 4
     13 — 4 __ 2
     14 — Movie Day
     15*— 2 __ 3
     16 — 4 __ 1
     17 — 3 __ 2
     18 — 1 __ 4
     19 — 2 __ 3
     20 — Movie Day
     21 — 4 __ 1
     22*— 3 __ 4
     23 — 1 __ 2

     24 — 4 __ 3
     25 — 2 __ 1
     26 — Movie Day
     27 — 3 __ 4
     28 — 1 __ 2
     29*— 1 __ 3
     30 — 2 __ 4
     31 — 3 __ 1
Aug. 1  — 4 __ 2
     2 — 1 __ 3
     3 — 2 __ 4
     4 — Movie Day
     5* — 1 __ 4
     6 — 3 __ 1
     7 — 4 __ 1
     8 — 2 __ 3
     9 — 1 __ 4
     10 — Movie Day

     11 — 3 __ 2
Aug. 12*— 4 __ 1
     13 — 2 __ 1
     14 — 3 __ 4
     15 — 1 __ 2
     16 — Movie Day
     17 — 4 __ 3
     18 — 2 __ 1
     19*— 4 __ 2
     20 — 3 __ 1
     21 — 2 __ 4
     22 — 1 __ 3
     23 — 4 __ 2
     24 — 3 __ 1
     25 — Movie Day
     26*— 2 __ 3
     27 — 4 __ 1 
     28 — 3 __ 2

     29 — 1 __ 4
     30 — 2 __ 3
     31 — Movie Day
Sept. 1 — 4 __ 1
      2* — 1 __2
      3**— 3 __ 4
      4 — 2 __ 1
      5 — 4 __ 3
      6 — Movie Day
      7 — 1 __ 2
      8 — 3 __ 4
      9*— 2 __ 4
     10 — 1 __ 3
     11 — 4 __ 2
     12 — 3 __ 1
     13 — 2 __ 4
     15 — Movie Day
14 — 1 __ 3 (Last Game)

Layout of 1956 Second Half Schedule——by Jimmie Jackson

Total Games ... 60
Home Games ... 15
Visiting Games ... 15
Each Team meets at least two Sundays each.
