---
id: "581"
title: "Contents"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Vol. 5   No. 4

Eastern Echo

A MEMBER OF THE PENAL PRESS

ECHO STAFF

James “MIKE” Smith, Editor 
Robert F. Cullen, Managing Editor 
Joseph McNeair, Sports Editor 
WALTER STEPPER, Photographer 
Paul W. Hackett, Copyreader 
ANDRE PASCHEDAG, Associate Editor
MICHAEL QUINN, Associate Editor
THOMAS WILLIAMS, Feature Editor
Francis A. Murphy, Circulation Manager
Nicholas B. Harper, JOSEPH Brown, Staff Writers
William J. Conrey, Linotype Operator

Editorial                                    James "Mike" Smith   2
From the Superintendent's Desk      William J. Banmiller, Supt.   3
Dedication                                                        4
One Man in 10,000                                Spencer Walden   6
Real People Live Behind Those Walls               Anne T. Corey   8
An Angel With An Angle                         Robert F. Cullen  10
An Insight for Outsiders                             Irvin Sell  12
The Man Who Lived Again                                          14
Reflections in a Jaundiced Eye               Andre L. Paschedag  16
Christmas Reverie                               Paul W. Hackett  18
Profile                                         Thomas Williams  19
From Our Chaplains                                               20
Santa Claus: Exposed!                         Francis A. Murphy  22
Retailiation or Reform                          Thomas Williams  24
My Brother's Keeper                           William J. Conrey  26
Tree of Education                              Robert F. Cullen  28
The Story of Others, Inc.                    Maurice Smith, Jr.  30
In Appreciation                                                  32
The Sports Desk                                   Joseph McNair  33
                                                OBBA Basketball  33
                                                 Eastern League  35
                                                       Football  36
Eastern Chess Review                              Norman Harman  34


ADMINISTRATION

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
Davin L. LAWRENCE, Governor 

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
ANNE X. ALPERN, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
ARTHUR T. PRASSE, Commissioner 
KENNETH E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PHILADELPHIA
WILLIAM J. BANMILLER, Superintendent

CORRECTIONAL INDUSTRIES 
ALFRED FRENCH, JR., General Supervisor 

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
Thomas H. Graham, Director of Education

The EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the State Correctional Institu-
tion at Philadelphia. Its editors or the institution itself cannot be held responsible for pla-
giarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.
