---
id: "582"
title: "Editorial"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial :

“He drew a circle that shut me out,
Heretic, rebel, a thing to flout.
But love and I had the wit to win;
We drew a circle that took him in!"

Edwin Markham’s words might well be applied as a motto for those to whom
we dedicate this Christmas issue. For where we, by our crimes, may have drawn
the circles of circumstance which set us apart from society, their acts of benevolence
draw about us a larger circle, reclaiming us as members of humanity despite our
misdeeds of the past.

Within this prison and others throughout the country may be found inmates
from every possible wall of life, each of us once part of a family, a part of the
community in which we lived prior to our imprisonment. None of us sprang from
some strange darkness unknown to man to commit our crimes. Yet, society in
general seems to persist in fostering the legend that a criminal is some monstrosity
totally unrelated to the human race. People may know their neighbor for a lifetime;
let him commit a crime and he is regarded as a stranger to their group as if he had
never lived therein.

There are, however, some people who realize that crimes are committed by
humans and not by some disguised visitors from an alien world. Working on this
premise, these people continue to regard the criminal as a human being after his
crime, and for that reason attempt to keep open the reformative avenues by which
we may be readmitted to the world of freedom that we knew before we sinned.
Often against the protests of those who would bury us for life, some people hold
open the hope of redemption for even the worst among us. And by their application
of age-old Christian principles in their relationships with criminal outcasts, such peo-
ple make invaluable contributions to modern penology.

Prisoners are not the only beneficiaries of acts dedicated to their welfare in
prison and upon release. Society, also, must benefit from any actions which might
have the effect of changing for the better the motivations of the inmates of our jails
and penitentiaries. It is an experienced fact that a prisoner or ex-convict confronted
only by the unthinking denial of his humanity as sponsored by the “get-tough”
school, will react in but one way—with an increased antagonism toward society fed
by his hatred of those who would blindly refuse him the privilege of rejoining the
ranks of mankind. The attacks of those calling him a breed apart, vindicate his
original criminal acts in his eyes, and he can see no reason for changing his character
in the face of continued rejections of his efforts toward self-rehabilitation. The
methods of progressive penology become a time-wasting procedure if the end result
of such work—the rehabilitated prisoner—can nowhere find acceptance of his
new status.

Therefore, society actually owes a greater debt than the prisoner to those who
by their offers of moral or educational instruction, jobs, homes, sponsorship by per-
sonal contact, and other innumerable services, show continued interest in us as
fellowmen. By their offers of friendship they allow us new chances to regain the
self-respect often lost under the mass discipline of prison life. Only the most
hardened can find it possible to remain aloof to society’s interests, if the members
of that society display a sincere interest in him.

It is sad, indeed, that the very people attempting by personal participation to
alleviate the crime situation, are often the ones most loudly attacked by those who
personally contribute nothing other than slanderous remarks. It would seem that
calm reflection and logic would lead everyone to view “do-gooders” in a more kindly
light. Fortunately, the people concerned do not let their works be hindered by any
lack of public support. They have confidence in their knowledge that they are doing
right, as we know they are doing right, and as all men of reason know they are
doing right.

So, to the many who wish us well in our efforts to become something we may
not have been, but do desire to be—respectful and respected members of free hu-
manity, we extend our heartfelt gratitude in return. To everyone, we extend our
sincere best wishes fora happy holiday season.

James "Mike ” Smith
