---
id: "583"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "Banmiller, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the
Superintendent's Desk

Previous issues of this magazine have offered many excellent topics, all related
to the interests of our men and subscribers. The letters to the Editor are very grati-
fying and every member of the Echo staff is congratulated and commended by all
concerned. We are looking forward to more of their fine work. With this issue we
finish another year and I would like to make these few comments.

The first step to return to free society must be taken by the man himself and
he must always have hope. We all know that in an institution life is regimented but
thoughts are not—and cannot be regimented since that is where the true beginning
of rehabilitation starts—with your own thoughts. Honesty with one’s self is an im-
portant must, because if one cannot be honest with himself, how can he be honest
with other people ?

Each man should take advantage of the program offered to him in the institu-
tion—religious, educational, counselling, etc. Over the years these have proved to
be most successful with men who have gone before you and very capable people
speak very highly of it. Justinian summed it up very well for everyone:

1. Live honestly.
2. Hurt no one.
3. Render every man his due.

Even in this setting, we hope you all will enter into the true Spirit of Christmas
and look forward to the success of your future.

William J. Banmiller
