---
id: "584"
title: "Dedication"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
DEDICATION

We wish to dedicate this issue to those citizens and groups who by the constancy of
their acts of kindness, material assistance, and counsel, demonstrate their sincere belief
that no one of us is irretrievably lost to society. Unhailed and largely unnoticed by the
public, their work in the area of penology is deserving of higher rewards than we can
possibly offer. We hope, therefore, that this announcement will be accepted as a token
payment toward our indebtedness to such people.

Dorothy Scheer—Elected Mrs. Penal Press, Dot Scheer is well known to prisoners
throughout the country for her fine work in the establishment of better public relations
‘between the prisoner and socicty.

A.A. Group—These men help the imprisoned alecohohe gather streneth for the time
when he will be released, giving of their own experiences so that other men may learn.

The Temple Law Wives—Realizing the helplessness of the man behind bars to
provide a Christmas celebration for his family, this group fills a void by giving gifts in
the inmates’ names, keeping whole the faith of children in their fathers.

Somers R. Adams—A regular visitor behind these walls for better than twenty-
five years, Mr. Adams, an Interdenominational Missionary Worker, offers religious coun-
seling and moral support, particularly to the new men entering the prison.

Colonel F. D. Shaw—Particularly friendly to the older inmate, Colonel Shaw
houses and sponsors the man who has no one to turn to for help upon release.

Hon. Judge Raymond Pace Alexander—A distinguished jurist, Judge Alexander
is also sponsoring a plan for spiritual rehabilitation which aims at reducing crime through
the combined efforts of religious and probational facilities.

Reverend Harold M. Zimmerman—A Mennonite, Reverend Zimmerman offers ma-
terial assistance as well as religious guidance by his work as President of the Board for
Faith Mountain House, an interdenominational home for parolees.

Leon Stern and Louis Kay—Helping to break the lethargic effect of prison life
upon the mind, these men have opened a new world with their sponsorship of the local
Great Books Foundation group, a welcome project.

Joseph Paull—A friend of ours for many years, Mr. Paull has helped inmates find
employment, homes and sponsors, and also supplies the foodstuffs for the Jewish festivals 
observed in this institution.

Reverend Josafat Curti—In an effort to widen our knowledge of the world and its
peoples through communication, Reverend Curti conducts voluntarily a class in Spanish
which has been enthusiastically endorsed by the inmates.

William T. Colborn, Jr.—Aware of the inmate’s difficulty in finding employment
upon release, Mr. Colborn devotes much of his time toward finding suitable work for de-
serving cases, and also acts as a sponsor.

Reverend Clarence Ebersole—Also a Mennonite, Reverend Ebersole is a member
of the Administrative Boards for two homes for parolees located at Middletown and
Reamstown, Pennsylvania. Vitally interested in the spiritual and adjustment problems of
releasees, he donated his own home for the use of parolees.

Stanley Szymal—In an effort to brighten our gray world, Mr. Szymal donates year-
ly the colorful wreaths that decorate the walls and corridors during the holiday season.

Reverend Anthony F. Vasquez—A strong supporter of the parole system, Rey-
erend Vasquez often helps in finding employment, and fulfills his sponsorship by provid-
ing strong moral and religious principles for the parolee.

Edward Gaehring—Helps inmates to refind themselves after release, and often
makes such release possible by finding employment and sponsors for men needing same.

Jabez ‘‘Bud’’ Harding—A free-lance social worker, Mr. Harding helps out in solvy-
ing personal problems that often come up beeause of the separation of prisoners and their
families. He also voluntarily directs the local choir group.

Charles Bachman—FEx-supervisor of the Print Plant, since his retirement he has
continued to think of his former inmate employees by helping them secure jobs in the
printing trade upon release.

Harry G. Teller—Devoted to helping others, Mr. Teller enables the inmate to keep
contact with the outside through his writing and visits and also aids in finding employ-
ment for the parolee while acting as sponsor.

Rev. Samuel Longenecker—Interested in the inmates’ spiritual welfare, Rev. Long-
enecker also devotes innumerable hours finding employment for parolees and is a member
of the administrative board of a home for parolees in Middletown, Pa.

Rev. Martin Longenecker—A frequent visitor to the institution, Rev. Longenecker
has made many friends with his wise counsel and cheerful attitude. He extends his aid be-
yond the prison walls by providing a home and employment for released inmates.

George Redling—A prominent illustrator, Mr. Redling has opened new outlets for
the inmate with his twice-weekly art classes. Along with the ability to paint, he has taught
the men patience and an appreciation of new fields.

Rev. Harold Harner—In assisting men to re-establish themselves as members of so-
ciety, Rev. Harner recognizes their material needs as well as the need for spiritual guid-
anee, and toward that end has helped to establish a home for parolees.

Mrs. Amelia Braskie—A lover of the Fine Arts, Mrs. Braskie believes that educa-
tion and culture are two factors that aid rehabilitation, and helps sponsor our art class
with monthly donations of funds and materials.

Charles H. Thompson—A prominent Philadelphia business man, Mr. Thompson
has always had an active interest in helping the inmate. Over the years he has supplied a
number of truckloads of valuable lumber to the eraftsmen in both the alley and hobby
shops, and the institutional carpenter shop.

Pete Byron—A popular sports announcer, Pete is a welcome sight at Hastern’s
sports banquet. Besides regaling the inmates with his own tales of sport high-lhghts, he
brings many famous figures in to tell of their personal experiences, and also provides en-
tertainment with filmed episodes from the world of sports.

Space limitations prevent us from listing everyone we should and would like to in-
elude, but our dedication is to all who have contributed in this area, named or unnamed.
