---
id: "585"
title: "One Man in 10,000: The Saga of Thomas Mott Osborne 1858-1926"
author: "WALDEN, Spencer"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
One Man In 10,000

The Saga of Thomas Mott Oshorne 1858-1926

by
Spencer Walden

If there be one individual in the field of penology
whom prison employees and prisoners alike acknowl-
edge to be the leading pioneer in the sponsorship of
humane penal measures, he is Thomas Mott Osborne.

Following graduation from Harvard University
where he studied law, Mr. Osborne entered the pub-
lishing business and within a short period of time be-
came president of two such firms. Although at the
time well established in the business world, he turned
to politics and was elected Mayor of Auburn, New
York. Due to his executive efficiency he was ap-
pointed a member of the Publie Service Commission
by the former Governor of New York, Charles Evans
Hughes.

It was during his term as Mayor of Auburn when
he first learned of the infamous abuses inflicted on
the prisoners of Auburn Prison by their keepers.
Through his political circles he learned of the corrup-
tion which ran rampant at the institution.

These disclosures unquestionably served to alter
the course of his life and led to the most incredible
phase in a life replete with personal crises. Possessed
of high personal scruples, his conscience rebelled at
mention of the appalling abuses in Auburn Prison
and he became determined to clean up the situation.

He secured an appointment to the State Commis-
sion on Penal Reform and then did what no other
penologist before or since his time attempted—he had
himself committed to Auburn Prison. In such a po-
sition, he was able to establish the facts of prison life,
including the little known operations beneath the
veneer, to an extent unequaled by any individual or
committee.

Having witnessed prison operation from the lowest
point of view, he was aware of much that was dehu-
manizing and of the steps necessary to correct these
abuses. From that time on he worked unceasingly
exposing and denouncing the penal setup as he found
it and advocated far reaching changes in humane rec-
forms.

In so doing, he trampled on the toes of many hold-
ing high political office and in the process acquired
numerous enemies. His fortitude and perseveranee,
however, carried the day and in the main his program
for penal reform was adopted.

Subsequently, he was offered the position as Ward-
en of Sing Sing Prison (1914), where he personally
placed in practice many of the reforms he advocated.
It is to be regretted that at this stage of his life, when
his prison policies appeared to be certain of adoption
elsewhere in other institutions, he was subjected to a
personal Gethsemane.

His political enemies ganged up on him with below-
the-belt tactics and he was forced to defend himself
against trumped-up charges that would have de-
stroyed one of less firm moral fibre. He weathered
the storm of attacks directed at his private life, and
the resigned as Warden of Sing Sing Prison.

He later (1916) commanded the U.S. Naval Prison
at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.

Among his published works dealing with prisons
are two that are noteworthy: ‘‘ Within Prison Walls”’
and "Society and Prisons."

Today the praiseworthy Osborne Society, organ-
ized to help inmates of penal institutions, is named in
honor of this man. No finer tribute could be tendered
the memory of one who sacrificed careers in law,
business and polities in order to correct the malprac-
tices visited upon a derelict segment of society in the
face of opposition that threw the rules of fair play
into the gutter.

Although prisoners have had their champions be-
fore and since the passing of Thomas Mott Osborne,
none have matched his calibre; however, this is under-
standable in view of the fact they have been restric-
ted by financial and time limitations.

At present there exist two schools of thought
among penologists as to the objective of prisons; the
rehabilitative and the punitive. The former, although
commendable in intent, are of the rather naive belict
that through counseling the eternal enigma that is
the human personality they might strike a responsive
chord and bring about a conclusion parallel to their
theories. If this approach could accomplish such a
desirable end it would appear that the churches
would have long since been filled to overflowing.

The latter school of thought, the punitive, adheres
to the precept that prisons should exist solely for the
purpose of punishment. Predominant in this sehool
were those who literally took an obscene delight in
exploiting human misery. They have written an ig-
nominious record in pursuit of this goal. Future
generations will someday recoil at the thought that
the human race could countenance such a misan-
thropie vein within its branches.

However commendable in purpose the rehabilita-
tive school may be—the roots of crime gain susten-
ance in the waste areas of life in the field of economic
squalor. Most certainly surface changes will be effec-
ted by the rehabilitative school, however, the ques-
tion arises whether this is desirable. One would not
expeet to change the flavor of the oceans by adding
a spoonful of salt. The most noticeable change in the
human personality comes with an improvement in
one’s economie status. This clue appears to be very
much overlooked when affixing the causes of derelic-
tion.

Learned men of sound reason have repeatedly
stated that prisons are not the answer to crime and
this has been borne out in the pages of history, for
the future of penology ean be found in the past where
the point of no return has long been written. This is
a matter for men of vision to consider, involving as
it does long range planning in order to undo the re-
finement of reasoning that has led society off on a
tangent from the principles of justice.

There exists a moral question posed by prisons that
is largely ignored, yet of vital importance; it is, can
society continue its support of penal institutions in
the face of the moral threat they constitute?

There is a malignant aspect of prisons that is of
erave concern. Depending on physical size, the pop-
ulation of prisons varies from a few hundred to a few
thousand. Among such a group are to be found the
underpriviledged, the misfits, the derelicts, and social
rejects of every stripe and hue. This, it must be ad-
mitted, constitutes an unhealthy environment. Large-
ly ignored is the fact that in assembling such a group
a veritable university is established wherein the dis-
semination of the criminal knowledge becomes a pre-
seribed curriculum. In such an atmosphere is the
criminal processed while the avenging angels sit
smugely on the bench, content with the dubious
satisfaction that they have carried out the letter of
the law.

Although there are over 10,000 assorted lockups
throughout this country, but one man closely associ-
ated with them has come forward and advocated
humane reforms. That man is the former Thomas
Mott Osborne.

Following his death by two years, the Wickersham
Committee was formed in Congress (1928) to investi-
gate the then current penal conditions in this country.
Their final report spared none of the institutions they
visited. Subsequently, their report resulted in a set
of standards being adopted by the federal govern-
ment that all jails, houses of detention, etc., had to
meet as a prerequisite to acceptance for the lodging
of federal prisoners.

During 1953 the Dever’s Committee was formed to
undertake a study of the then current penal situation
in Pennsylvania. In its report, the committee recom-
mended many worthwhile changes in the penal sys-
tem that eventually modernized it no little.

The activities of Mr. Osborne, the Wickersham
Committee and the Dever’s Committee show conelu-
sively that when a study is made of penal conditions
the results show there is a definite need for remedial
measures.

The wave of prison riots sweeping the country’s
penal institutions during the past decade has passed
the incipient stage and entered the malignant. The
absolute need for overhauling and revising the exist-
ing penal system was never more apparent. It is
much more acute than it is possible to stress. The
alternative to such a course is to continue following
the course of apathy and ignore the inevitable conse-
quences.

The only proven manner of accomplishing any-
thing worthwhile is through direct action, and in this
regard, is it not feasible to hold a national convention
and invite all those exercising authority over penal
institutions to attend? Further, let such a convention
be open to the public and inelude invitations to all
those engaged in the field of social science, the educa-
tional field, members of the various state legislatures,
psychologists, the clergy and penologists.

At such a convention all aspects of crime and pun-
ishment should be thrown open to discussion, inelud-
ing capital punishment, parole, probation, commuta-
tion, pardons, penal maintenanee, treatment of in-
mates and programs in effect. Each phase dealing
with crime and punishment could then be evaluated
accordingly. Much that is obsolete, unjust and in-
equitable could then be abolished, and appropriate
and just measures adopted in their stead.

Last, but not least, plans could be drawn up pro-
viding for the selection of a national supervisor and
an adequate staff whose duties would consist of reg-
ulating and supervising all penal institutions in this
country; this, following the adoption of standards
and procedures approved by those states agreeing to
the compact.

If such a convention were to be ealled it would be
the first time in history and the possibilities for pro-
eress such a meeting would provide could well result
in a renaissance in penology and the elimination of
the lethargy that has characterized it for centuries
past. 
