---
id: "586"
title: "Real People Live Behind Those Walls"
author: "Corey, Anne T."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Real People Live
Behind Those Walls

by Anne T. Corey

Condensed from the "Menard Times"

Popular opinion is a funny thing.

It comes in three flavors: good, bad, and indif-
ferent—the last being the most popular.

It can be laughable and it can be tragic; most often
it's both.

Go along with it, and you’re a ‘‘conformist.’’ Cross
it, and you’re a ‘‘radical.’’ Back away from it, and
you’re ‘‘avoiding the issue.’’ Then there’s the half-
and-half sort of individual, otherwise known as an
‘‘eccentric.’’

I’m an eccentric. I associate with convicts.

Make that statement to an average outsider, and
you will get one of four basic reactions:

1. Shocked surprise. (‘‘You what? You mean
criminals? In jail?’’)

2. Sympathetic admiration—the “‘charity’’ bit.
Oh. I think it’s so sweet of you to take an interest
in those poor unfortunate souls.’’)

3. Tolerant contempt. ("Don’t you think you're
wasting your time, associating with people like
that?”)

4. Uneasy change of subject. (’Do you?”’ Ner-
vous laugh. “*That’s interesting. Now about that
other thing we were discussing .. .’’)

The first two are typical of women, the third of
men and the fourth of almost everybody. Onece.in a
while there is a strong expression of disapproval, but
far harder to cope with is a kind of embarrassed in-
difference. Convicts are a breed which most people
would rather ignore than talk about.

Why?

What makes a convict?

He isn’t born that way. He’s born a human being,
to begin with, with no notations attached to indicate
that he’s any different from the rest of us. Some-
where on the road from infancy to adulthood some-
thing goes wrong—maybe a lot of things. His be-
havior becomes anti-social enough to violate a law;
he is caught, sentenced, and sent to prison.

By definition he is now a convict—‘‘ one convicted
of and under sentence for a crime,’’ according to Mr.
Webster. There is nothing in that definition to in-
dicate that he has ceased to be human. There is
nothing to indicate that the place to which he will be
sent—‘‘a building or other place for the safe custody
of criminals or others committed by lawful author-
ity’’—is a strange sort of zoo, inhabited by two-
legged animals in striped denim.

But an awful lot of people think there is.

Perhaps it is hard for us, the so-called "nice" peo-
ple of society, to admit even to ourselves that a man
who has committed a felony is capable of becoming
a useful citizen. We are inclined to believe that such
an act sets him completely apart from us; transforms
him into something less than human.

That the difference is one of degree rather than
intent never occurs to us—and yet most of us have
ourselves been guilty of minor crimes against socicty :
the red light we saw but didn’t stop for; the speed
limit we ignored at the risk of three passengers’ lives
as well as our own; the much-padded expense ac-
count we ‘‘got away with’’; the postage stamps we
“borrowed’’ from the office cashbox and never
replaced.

Many of us have been guilty of an intense if mo-
mentary desire to kill; it is convenient to forget that
what prevented it could have been a lack of nerve
and/or opportunity at the moment in question. It is
human nature for us to say to ourselves, ‘‘ Yes, but no
matter what happened, I could never do a thing like
that.’’ Prisons are full of contradictions to that
statement.

Even if it were true, what would it prove? Merely,
perhaps, that we grew up in a reasonably happy
home on the right side of town, associated with a
‘‘nice’’ group of boys and girls, did not feel the pinch
of economie necessity too early in life, and absorbed
enough respect for law and order (or enough fear of
it) to behave ourselves, at least where we could be
seen. The fact that we “‘could not’’ commit a serious
crime—if, indeed, we couldn’t—isn’t always. due to
our moral fibre. It can just as easily be lack of a
serious motive or of the kind of environment condu-
ceive to crime.

I think most of us realize that, but it isn’t a pleas-
ant thought. And it is human nature to avoid un-
pleasant thoughts, especially when they suggest re-
sponsibilities.

So, once we have done our ‘‘duty,’’ once a man has
been branded a criminal and placed safely behind
bars, we turn our attention elsewhere. He is no
longer our problem. Let the state take care of him.
“Convicted,’’ in the public mind, is too often synony-
mous with "forgotten.’’

What is worse, an “ex’’ attached to the word
‘‘convict’’ does not improve the public view of him.
Too often, an ex-con is something to be regarded
with distrust and suspicion, a sort of potential men-
ace. He finds it difficult—sometimes impossible—to
secure a job, friends, a place in the community to
which he should be entitled. He is an outeast, a wart
on the thumb of society. He has lost his civil rights,
and worse, his “social rights.’’

Not so long ago I was working in an office on lower
Broadway in New York City’s textile district. By
reputation, New Yorkers are more cosmopolitan and
less narrow-minded than those from smaller towns.
In actuality, the scope of opinion covered by eight
million minds is larger; the individual is much the
same.

Letter-writing is a sort of hobby with me; I like
talking to people. I happened to mention one day in
the middle of a coffee break, and with no particular
thought of the consequences involved, that I had ac-
quired a couple of convicts among my correspon-
dents.

The reaction was immediate and vehement. I cer-
tainly wasn’t going to answer those letters, was I?
What was I thinking of, associating with “people
like that?’’ Was I out of my mind?

"People like what?’’ I retorted. “Why shouldn’t
I answer them? We’re discussing books, not crime,
and they have some pretty interesting ideas. As a
matter of fact they write better letters than most of
my other correspondents.”’

This sally was met with a chorus of ‘‘Yes, but—’’s,
followed by inarticulate silences. It is impossible to
reason with a "Yes, but." The discussion that fol-
lowed was a lesson in futility.

It might have dropped there, except for an inci-
dent that occurred a few weeks later. Office gossip
had it that we were getting an employee whose hus-
band was serving time in a New Mexico prison. Dur-
ing the next few days a flood of unfavorable comment
circulated about the building and terminated in a
barbed conversation held around my desk one after-
noon.

There is nothing more zealous than a recent con-
vert—especially one with an Irish temper. I blew
my top.

In the ensuing interval, a great many rash things
were said in language unbecoming to a lady. And
while I would not recommend it as a usual thing, I
can not deny that for once anger succeeded where
reasoning had failed. As someone said later, “‘I
thought if you could get that mad about it, there
must be something to it.’’

Nobody in his right mind is going to try to con-
vinee people that prisons are places of sweetness and
light and convicts are reformed bad boys trying hard
to be good. They aren’t. But once the average out-
sider realizes that putting a man behind bars doesn’t
change the fact that he’s a human being, he can
usually figure the rest out for himself. On an individ-
ual basis, his judgement isn’t likely to be any worse
than it is with civilians.

And while an enlightened society might not mean
much to the man currently behind bars, it’s going
to mean an awful lot to him upon his release, from
the standpoint of securing a job if for no other
reason.

The situation is improving, however slowly. One
New York restauranteur, for example, makes a prac-
tice of hiring as many qualified employees us he can
find from among the ranks of ex-cons. It is still not
an easy thing for a parolee or a discharged man to
get a job on the outside; it probably never will be.
But more and more companies are lowering the bar-
mers. You can run into an ex’? in any number of
places, these days.

Until a better method is found I am inclined to
think that the most potent force for the education of
the public regarding prisons and convicts is the penal
press. Nothing reaches the public like the printed
word; it is a mass media which neither radio nor
television have ever been able to unseat. And yet,
from a standpoint of potency, it falls far short of
actual experience as a public eye-opener.

For I can remember my own words to Warden
Randolph last March, following my first and only
sight of a penitentiary from the inside. “I wish,”
I said then, ‘‘that every man or woman who is eligible
for jury duty . . . or who might someday meet an
ex-convict, could see for himself what the inside of
a well-run prison looks like. I think it would do more
toward a well informed citizen than a lifctime of
reading newspapers.’’

And every time I run across another upstanding
citizen who mouths phrases such as ‘‘that kind of
people,’’ and turns away in horror at the thought of
association with an ex-convict, I am reminded of a
paragraph from Donald Powell Wilson’s "My Six
Convicts" :

‘‘It has become almost axiomatic to say that a man
becomes a criminal not by his first offense, but by his
first imprisonment. He has become a jailbird, and
that is how society looks at him, with very rare ex-
ceptions, when he is released. If society doesn’t
want to meet that man again in five or ten or twenty
vears at the wrong end of a gun, it had better study
the needs, fears, drives, and pathologies of that man
and its own evils that helped create them. It had
better give him a real second chance. Society will
have to decide whether it wants animalistic revenge
or a solution of crime. It can not have both.’’ 
