---
id: "587"
title: "An Angel with an Angle"
author: "Cullen, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
An Angel
with an Angle

by
Robert F. Cullen

I am sitting in Ray’s Bar, trying to decide whether
I should spend my last five on some of the anti-freeze
that Ray laughingly calls whiskey, or should I risk
the chills of Philly in December by putting the fin on
a hot tip in the third at Santa Anita. My contempla-
tions are all blown away, so to speak, when the door
opens and a blast of ice-cold wind sends my teeth to
cha-cha-chaing.

In my haste to obtain some liquid insulation I do
not notice what has blown in with the wind until a
foreign sounding voice pipes up from beside me and
orders what appears to be a cup of nectar. I do a
peek out of the corner of my eye and wind up throw-
ing a full stare at what must surely be the world’s
leading beatnick. The character standing there has a
beard two feet long, is wrapped in a springmaid, and
wears a pair of open top sandals.

In the meantime, Ray puts down a glass in front of
this neweomer, and I can see it contains nothing but
what I am downing myself. The old boy takes it in
one swallow and ten minutes later we finally revive
him. Being curious as to what his angle might be I
take him to a side table, show him how to cut the
brew with water so as to make it less than fatal and
accept a drink on him. After we knock off three
glasses and are working on the fourth, I swing the
conversation around to what is he doing in such an
outfit.

If it were not for the drinks making me amiable, I
would certainly think someone is stretching the truth
a little in the story he hands me.

It seems that this citizen claims he is actually a
reformed hood by name of Dismas, and comes from
the place up there in the sky. As I start to edge out
of my chair he assures me there is no need to be nerv-
ous as it is quite the thing for various angels to come
down to earth and give a nudge to those who are
starting to stray from the straight and narrow. Un-
fortunately, this means trouble for Dismas, who is
actually here on the spur of the moment beeause of
the following.

It happens that there are more than a number of
reformed gents up there, and when things get a little
slack they take to cutting up old times. Now what
with packing away 1900 years, Diz figures to be up
on all the latest techniques even though he never uses
them. So it grieves him more than somewhat when a
relative neweomer, Robin Hood, states that he feels
that Diz has never made a score larger than that of
beating the automat for a cup of coffee.

Naturally our boy ean not let talk of this nature go
unanswered, and in a purely demonstrative sense
puts the hand on a well guarded piece of merehandise,
Diogenes Lamp. Since it can not be too good a light
—what with the Greek not being able to find an
honest man in over twenty-five centuries—Diz figures
there will be no big heat, besides which he has every
intention of returning the flame within the twenty-
four.

However, the old boy must have a built-in bug,
“cause no sooner is the lamp snatched, than he begins
making enough noise to wake up those people who go
in the other direction from heaven.

What with one thing and another, Diz figures it best
to take it on the 2:10 until things cool off. He asks a
friend of his, the Guardian Angel in Charge, to give
him a fast assignment on Earth, and after picking up
some expense money that has been confiscated trom
a few who tried to take it with them, ends up in the
spot we are now at.

"Well, Diz," I console, You do not seem 100 bad
off, as all you have to do is help some character out
and you will be all to the good again with your Boss.”

"Yes. that is very true," sighs Dismas, "but with
the hasty exit, I do not get a chance to choose a soft
pop, and it is only when I am almost here that I find
I am to help out none other than Jimmy the Arm.’’

Well, at this news I can see where he has a right
to be discouraged. I¢ is a well known fact that the
Arm takes great delight in such small pleasures as
knocking over a bank or picking up a payroll that is
someone else’s. In fact, the only good thing I hear
about him is that he has a very big sense of honor.
He inherits this from his father who was very old
fashioned and took keeping the family name clean
to heart.

I tell this to Diz, and he says that I am right as he
runs into Jim’s old man after he has left this world.
Then I see a ight come into Dismas’ eye and he gets
up ina hurry and says he must be on his way. I steer
him to a spot where he can get some clothes that will
not make him such a standout, but have to tell him
that there is nothing more I can do as I have no idea
where Jimmy the Arm is holed up.

‘‘Do not worry on that score,’’ replies Diz, ‘‘as it is
a pretty hard trick to dodge the tails heaven sends
out.”

This last bit of information does not make me any
too happy, and I am not at all sorry to see him leave,
though I wish him luck.

It is maybe three weeks later that I find the out-
come of this affair as I run into what appears to be
a gorilla dressed up like Santa Claus and turns out
to be none other than Jimmy the Arm. I give him a
hello, but he does not want my greeting as much as
he wishes I should put some green in a little pot
standing beside him. While I only have a sawsky to
throw in, I figure I get off cheap as I can not afford
a vacation, particularly in a hospital bed.

The sight of more green in the pot brings a little
Christmas cheer to the face of Jimmy, and he even
warms up to the extent of offering to spring me a cup
of coffee. Since I am now beat and still curious as to
how it happens that he is in his present state, I accept
and we head to the nearest greasy.

It is as we are drinking a cup of coffee that I ask
the Arm what it is with the charity bit.

“Well, it is very simple, explains Jimmy, “I am
at a little hide-away in the north of the city when I
hear a knock on the door. Now there is no one sup-
pose to know my whereabouts so it makes me more
than a little nervous when I open the door and a
bearded character addresses me by name."

It is easy to see that Diz has caught up with the
Arm, but I do not let on I know anything and he
continues talking.

“Before I get a chance to ask this citizen any
questions, he says he was acquainted with my old
man and has come to get on with a bet they made
some time back.

"I ask him what is he talking about," the Arm
says, “as my old man can not help him on a wager
because he has been wearing a Georgia Pine raincoat
for a number of years, rest his soul.

"This old fella does not let me finish, but goes on
and says that since I am my father’s son, I will have
to take his place, if I have any sense of honor at all.

"Naturally this irks me some,’’ continues Jimmy,
‘‘as Iam very proud of the family name and some-
times give an alias just so it won’t appear on the
police blotter.’’

I nod my head at this statement of Jimmy the
Arm’s, but I feel the real reason for the phony tag is
that any number of law who do not know him would
like to give him a third degree on his reputation
alone.

Anyway, he goes on to explain, he takes Diz up on
the bet and it is a very screwy one. Actually it is no
more than a personality contest with both of them
trying to see who can collect the most money for a
charity, without using any muscle, in a two-week
period.

“This is quite a snap for me,’ states the Arm,
‘‘and after the first week I am quite up on the old
fella and even try to help him out a little by sending
a few friends around to his territory to drop a few
notes in his pot.

"Also it happens that I run into a very sharp doll
at this orphanage we are collecting for and she seems
to be all for me, too. In fact?” says the Arm, “atter
seeing the way she gets along with the kids, we are
soon to be hitched and may have a family right at
the start, as some of those kids take a very big hking
to me.”’

"Well," I say to the Arm, "This is news indeed
and it occurs to me how is the old boy doing ?’’

"It is a funny thing, "answers Jimmy," but he
drops out of sight one day and I do not see him again.
However, last week my fiancee and I go to St. Francis
Church to arrange the wedding and while I am sit-
ting outside waiting for her, I look up on the wall
and there is a fellow on a cross who could be a dead
ringer for this old fella if it weren’t for the gray hair.
I walk over and a little sign under him says that this
is Dismas, the Good Thief."

“Well, that is quite a coincidence,” I remark to
the Arm, "but that is probably all it is."

"That may be so,’’ he replies, " but as I am walk-
ing out with my everlovin’ I look back over my
shoulder and I swear that statue winked its eye
at me."
