---
id: "588"
title: "An Insight for Outsiders"
author: "Sell, Irvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
An Insight for Outsiders

by Irvin Sell

Throughout this issue are presented other articles
calling attention to the activities of outside groups
and individuals interested in penal reform and the
assistance of prisoners in their efforts towards reha-
bilitation. The purpose of such articles is not to seck
sympathy, but rather to create further interest by the
public in our prisons, and thus remove the barrier of
fear and suspicion which presently hinders progress
in such areas because of a lack of common under-
standing. In short, through public attention bring
into focus the skeletons in society’s closets.

While there are quite a few groups such as church-
men, recreational teams, and others who are pres-
ently frequent visitors, it is hoped that many more
would come. It is like a breath of fresh air to sce
these people visit our institution. It is indicative of
public interest; a healthy sign, indeed, for sooner or
later these same people will be our neighbors and
friends in free society (we hope).

It might prove to be quite an experience for your
group to pay a visit to one of our state prisons. See
for yourself what a prison looks like, and how its
community life functions. Permission for such visits
would, quite naturally, have to be obtained from the
superintendent of the prison concerned.

If we are to deal with the problems at hand and
seck a solution to them, we must first break down the
barrier to communication which is the major cause
of the present misunderstanding and distrust pre-
venting us from working together as a team to get
rid of society’s problem of crime. No program, how-
ever well laid out, can be a success without a mutual
understanding of the problems involved.

It is for certain that we are separated from each
other by much more than a stone wall. So come, and
let us reason together. Let us not deal with the lives
of people through word association, but rather by in-
ereased personal relations. It is grossly unfair and
unjust to associate all evils of man with the words
convict, ex-convict, and parolee. Is it not sufficient
to be punished and branded with this stigma, without
adding to the degradation by implementing what 1s
not implied?

For instance, the convict is a human being who
through his wrongdoings has been assessed a penalty
which he is now paying, not in dollars, but with the
priceless commodity of his life or a part thereof. The
ex-convict is the same man who has now paid his
debt. and has the “ex as is mecelpi wy mile une
parolee has paid the greatest part of his bill, and is
now permitted to pay the balance in reduced install-
ments.

Let us not make the grave error of unlocking the
prison gates, then locking our hearts. It is just as
great a tragedy to be locked out of people’s hearts
as it is to be locked in their prisons. We must face
the fact that at some time society must reclaim its
outcasts. In what way this is to be done is for the
public to decide. If we can but really learn to know
each other, we may be friends.

While we can to some extent compel people to do
our bidding, is it not much more desirable to teach
them to like doing what is right? For instance, you
cannot suecessfully force religion upon a person, but
if you teach that same person the fundamentals and
rewards of doing right, you may stir within his heart
a hunger that he will try to satisfy. So it is with all
human relations. To this end we should all adhere to
the ‘‘Golden Rule."

All citizens should take an active interest in the
workings of their prisons, and stop thinking about
them as mere dumping grounds for undesirables.
These are your institutions, and the way they are
operated and the results achieved by such operations,
are a reflection upon you, the public. They are your
dollars that support them, and any effort on your
part to reduce the population of such prisons may
well result in dollar savings which could well be used
for other worthwhile projects. You cannot disown
or ignore what is an integral part of your society.

To those who might be interested in participating
in some prison program or auxiliary volunteer pro-
jects and are desirous of receiving more knowledge
on such subjects, we take the liberty of suggesting
that you subseribe to the penal press publication of
the prison nearest you. The educational value will
far exceed the small subscription cost. It is further
suggested that church and other civic groups not
presently participating, might find it interesting and
worthwhile to inelude in their programs a prisoner
contact group to offer counseling and guidance; a
sort of get acquainted project not only before, but
also after release. This could include among other
things a committee to help those prisoners about to
be released who ean find no proper job or sponsor, a
rather difficult task for those behind prison walls.
Such a program will benefit not only the prisoners
concerned, but also society, perhaps to a greater de-
gree in the long run.

If you know of a one-time friend whom you may
have dropped beeause he has been in prison, why not
make the small effort it takes to pay him a visit and
renew the aequaintanceship? You might be pleasant-
ly surprised to find that he is still a friend, and your
support may be the factor that will enable him to
make a suecess of his life in the future. Perhaps one
of your former friends or fellow employees may have
ran atoul of the law and is now in prison. Why not
drop him a card with a few words of encouragement?
Such a small, seemingly insignificant gesture may
well do more good than any combination of other
more planned programs. The public, meaning you, is
the one who will most benefit from such actions and
their consequent effects.

No one wants to be pitied, but forgiveness is yet
another thing which we all need or seek at one time
or another in our lives. Life is much too short to
earry hate in our hearts. Let us be tolerant and
patient with each other. We travel this worldly road
but onee. Let us all be able to say at the end of life’s
journey, ‘‘Judge me in the light that I myself have
not passed judgment on any man.”

If through our efforts we can contribute in a small
way a little something which will lead to a better
understanding of each other and our problems, our
labors will not have been in vain and the compensa-
tion will be more than ample through the improved
relationship resulting.

While the voice of our local penal publication is
but a small one, it is hoped that its ‘‘Echo’’ will ring
loud and elear in kindling a flame of interest in the
hearts and minds of many of its readers, and that
through its avenue of communication outsiders will
gain a little insight of our many mutual problems.
Perhaps thereby we may establish an improved and
firmer relationship from which all of us will benefit,
no matter on which side of the wall we live.
