---
id: "59"
title: "Theme to Glory"
author: "Chandler, Selvian R."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THEME TO GLORY
by SELVIAN R. CHANDLER

The place, Korea; the time is the summer of
1950. You are a member of a Rifle Company in a
Regiment of the U. 8. 25th Infantry Division. Your
company is dug in on a ridge overlooking a small
valley. The mission is to hold, regardless. The
fate of many other units rests with you, for you
are in the key position. As the hot sun sinks be-
low the horizon, a quiet settles over the country-
side. An unnatural quiet that comes from silenced
men and nature. Nature that affords you pro-
tective cover and concealment and men who are
anticipating that which is to come. You know
them all. They trained with you in Japan. All
good soldiers, only untried in combat, and soon
they will have their baptism of fire.

Their thoughts are now on that girl back home,
Mom or Dad, that last goodbye in Japan or any
number of other sentimental associations. Among
other things they are asking themselves—Why?”’’
They know the answer, for without them the peace
ean neither be won nor held.

The call is passed for all platoon sergeants,
platoon guides and squad leaders to report to C. P.
Upon arrival you find all of the platoon leaders
assembled with the Commanding Officer. There
is no parade ground formality. With a simple
gesture the Old Man indicates for you to get com-
fortable; stand or sit, it makes no difference. He
proceeds to give you the G-2 Periodic Report which
consists of what is facing you, and so forth. Next
comes the Field Order. The situation is critical.
You are to hold so that another Division may with-
draw and set up four and a half miles to your
rear in a strategic position to cut off the possibility
of the enemy breaking through and commanding
key positions on the main supply route, and to
check their over-all advance, which is inevitable
due to their strength of numbers. Now the com-
pany breakdown is checked. The 2nd platoon is
on the right. The platoon leader confirms this.
The 8rd platoon is on the left. This checks. Two
squads of the Ist platoon make up the combat out-
posts, and two squads are in reserve with the
weapons platoon that has its 60 mm mortars dug
in on the reverse slope of the hill. Three 57 mm
Recoiless Rifles are situated between the 2nd and
3rd platoons. You have a section of heavy 30
caliber machine guns from the Heavy Weapons
Company all in position. Also one 75 mm Recoiless
Rifle that is dug in for maximum support for the
company. All checks.

Now comes the talk from the Old man. He says,
‘‘Men, you know our position. We have a tough
job and few combat vets. Mostly all green men.
So do your best. Give the men a good talk and
instill in them a will to fight and win. It’s getting
late, so get to it.’’ It’s all over. You move around
to the men and give them the works. You know
that they’ll do their best no matter what. They
know how.

As twilight settles, the artillery throw in a few
rounds to zero their guns for your support. Also
the heavy mortars and the 81 mm mortars zero
in.

As dark settles, the artillery observer and ob-
servers for the 4.2 heavy mortars and 81 mm mortars
compare their maps for their zones of impact. All
checks and they prepare their data for any shifts
or changes. As the men huddle in their fox-holes,
you move among them and give a word of encourage-
ment here and there. On your way back to your
hole that you share with your assistant squad
leader, you see one of the B. A. R. men working
lovingly over his weapon. He gives you that
knowing look and a nod, and you move on to your
hole.

The blanket of night has fallen and the twin-
kling stars above look down with silvery eyes on
all here below. You think how many will see
another night or yet—another dawn. Insects are
buzzing about and the mosquitoes are rough. So
you break out the insect repellent and rub it on
heavy. As you pass the bottle to your buddy he
comments on what a lovely night to be on the
beach with a broad. Any beach, any broad. The
moon comes out silvery and bright. You know
what this means. The moon rises early; it’ll go
down early, leaving a cover of darkness that offers
choice cover for the enemy. You can’t change
nature so you settle down for the long wait.
Seconds seem hours, minutes days, and an hour
could very well be a lifetime. As you glance at the
dial of your watch you see that it’s 21:30 hours-
about two and half hours before the show will
probably start. You tell your pal to catch forty
winks and you watch as he goes for a nap in that
small hole for two. As you watch the front a
thousand thoughts race through your mind. Home,
when you first enlisted, occupation duty in Japan.
There is no girl back home, but the thought of a
little girl in Japan brings a smile to your face.
Again you look at your wrist watch and it’s 23:47
hours.

Better check your squad, it’s near that time.
You check and find all of your men awake and
ready. Going along the line farther you check
with the other platoons and all’s well. A green
flare goes up about 2,000 yards to your front. You
know what it means, so you hustle back to your
position. Just as you slide into your hole an A. R.
cuts loose in the combat outposts, followed by the
reports of rifles fired in quick steady time. Now
it’s quiet but you know it’s only the prelude to
hell to come.

The word is passed that the combat outposts
have reported a patrol repulsed, but they can see
many figures apparently massing in the wooded
area to their front. Then what you knew was
coming happens: the moon is sinking from view.
The next word that comes is that the outposts are
falling back to join the line under the cover of the
protective darkness. You try to follow them as
they draw near to see what chance you'll have of
seeing the enemy when they attack. Before you
spot them they are close, so you know about how
much you'll see of the enemy before they attempt
to charge. The outposts are finally in and have no
casualties as a result of their skirmish. Suddenly,
a dog barks out there somewhere and your hear a
shrill whistle blast. No need to guess, it’s coming
now.

The men are holding their fire, but the artillery
and mortars are firing. As the shells go crashing
in, the enemy are outlined clearly and the machine
guns start their fire in short bursts. The Recoiless
‘Weapons open up with their roar and the orange
flash of their back-blast shows clearly through the
night. As you sight on a moving figure, the rifles
of the line begin their stacatto fire, and as you
squeeze off you see them coming thick, real thick.
They let out their yell of ‘‘Manzai! Manzai!’’ The
one you sighted on won’t join in that cry because
you saw him as he threw up his hands and fell.
The roar is loud in your ears as a couple hundred
weapons are blasting away. They are close now
but they are wavering under the deadly fire. It’s
too close to call in artillery fire, so the mortars
are plastering them now with shells while your
small arms and machine guns slaughter them. It’s
not all the enemy to be wounded and killed, for
you hear the cry of your own wounded and you
know that steel is tearing the flesh of your own
comrades. Somewhere off to your right you hear
the ery, ‘‘Medic! Medic! Over here fast. They
got the Sarge bad.’’ All hell is popping about
you and the ery is raised, ‘‘Fix Bayonets!—Fix
Bayonets!’’ The enemy has wavered so you’ll now
ounter-attack with cold, brutal steel. You slam
the bayonet home on the piece and prepare to
charge with marching fire. You hear the whistle
that indicates,—CHARGE! You move out on the
double, firing from the waist as you go. An A. R.
man to your left is swearing as his gun spits death.
The enemy are moving out.

You let out a blood eurdling yell and pick up
the pace to meet and close with them. You see one
as he moves from a sheltering clump of brush. You
pick him as yours and close in on him. As he looks
up with surprise and fright you close with him,
knock his guard down and lunge. There is a
sickening sound as the cold steel drives into his
guts and as you twist and withdraw he falls, dead
before he hits the ground. As you look up there
is death all about you—yours and theirs. The re-
call is given and you bear your dead and wounded
back to your position. As you look upon them
you see your pals dead and wounded, but you can’t
relax—they may attack again at any time. You
stumble to your hole exhausted, sweaty and spat-
tered with blood. You wait for your assistant
squad leader—your pal. He doesn’t come.

As dawn breaks you know the enemy won't
come because your air cover can knock them out
too easily. The call is given for a check of men to
determine your casualties. As you move among
the dead and wounded you see many faces that have
been with you a long time. Many who were at
the party given for the company before you left
Japan, many who sang and danced to their favorite
tunes. For those who lay covered with blankets,
shelter-halfs or ponchos, that had been their last
party. You look for your pal anxiously among the
wounded but he isn’t there. Then you move to the
dead, dreading what you know you’ll find, and then
you see him as a poncho is about to be laid over
him. The medic knows he’s your pal and steps
back and walks away leaving the poncho for you
to cover him. Tears are coming fast as you kneel
beside the litter, but you know that somewhere,
someone greater than anyone or anything sees and
understands. As you make the Sign of The Cross
you say a prayer asking that the Soul of your
buddy through the Mercy of God rest in peace.
You rise, cover him with the poncho and walk
slowly away.

Your name is called and, as you answer, the
platoon sergeant tells you that the company will
move out under cover of an artillery barrage and
smoke screen. You gather your gear, tie it up
and prepare to move. As you wait for the order,
you see jeeps carrying the dead and wounded to
the rear and you raise your hand to your forehead
in a farewell salute. The men are standing about
with down cast eyes and not a word is spoken, but
you know that they are all thinking the same. The
order is given to move out and as you look back
you know that you’ll never forget that hill the
longest day that you live. You know that you are
a member of a unit with one aim and that is: To
move forward to Victory or Defeat—Death, Dam-
nation or Destruction. This is the Infantry: The
Queen of Battles through which you have found
“THE THEME TO GLORY’’.
