---
id: "590"
title: "The Man Who Lived Again"
author: "AFL-CIO Community Service Activities"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Man
Who Lived Again

APECIO, COMMUNIDY SHERVICH ACTIVITIES
in cooperation with
The American Correctional Association

The last few steps—down the entrance hall and
through the double steel doors—are, in a way, the
most difficult part of his journey.

A few seconds and five steps away is freedom.

It has been a long trip. One that started with
his arrest, trial, and conviction. Now after serving
three years of a five-year sentence he has been pa-
roled from prison; free to return to society.

What makes it difficult? Isn't this the day that
most men and women in prison wait for, when the
gates swing outward?

One word ean deseribe his inner anxiety—un-
certainty. Uncertainty as to how he will be reccived
by his family; uncertainty as to whether his friends
will still want his companionship; uncertainty about
his ability to get and hold a job.

It is one thing to have a state-provided ticket
back home; it’s another to be accepted when he gets
there.

This man, as he leaves prison, faces both the
challenge and opportunity to rebuild his life. To
this man comes a second chance—maybe. Whether
he can rebuild his life depends in part on the coni-
munity.

This man about to return to the community rep-
resents more than 75,000 who are released each year
from state and federal prisons. To him and the
others who are released and paroled each vear from
court-imposed confinement some assurance can be
given.

Thanks to more modern correctional practices
and enlightened public attitudes most men and
women released from prison have returned to respec-
tability and constructive citizenship. But others fail.
They fail sometimes because of faults in a prison
system, sometimes because of community rejection,
sometimes because of personal weakness, or because
of a combination of these factors.

Society has come far in its treatment and reha-
bilitation of the offender. The longest stride in this
progress is the view of prisons as treatment centers.
Emphasis is no longer on mere confinement and pun-
ishment, but as a period when, through sympathetic
treatment and counselling, the law breaker comes to
a better understanding of himself, his situation, and
possibilities of a new life.

Despite this progress, state correctional systems
remain one of the most neglected areas of govern-
ment. They need larger budgets and more trained
personnel. Many prisons are too old, too over-
crowded, and too poorly equipped.

More community groups must be encouraged to
take a greater interest in the work and management
of local and state correctional institutions, for the
rehabilitation and readjustment of the released per-
son is a community responsibility. It cannot be left
alone to correctional authorities.

UNDERSTANDING THE PROBLEM

About 98 percent of all men and women who are
sentenced to prisons and correctional institutions are
eventually released. Their return to society is
brought about either through parole or expiration of
Sentence.

Two alternatives face these people. Hither they
return to honest work and a useful role in the com-
munity or they return to crime, eventually to re-enter
prison and be supported at the taxpayers’ expense.

When the latter oceurs, the indivadual, his fam-
ily, and the community lose. On the other hand,
when a lawbreaker’s first offense is his last, it is truly
a triumph for justice.

PROBATION

In many eases, following the arrest and convic-
tion of first offenders, the court may, after a
thorough investigation of the circumstances, place
the offender on probation.

Probation is a method under which a cefendant
found guilty of a crime is released by the court, with-
out imprisonment, but is subject to conditions deter-
mined by the court and placed under the supervision
of the probation service.

Two of the pioneers in probation and rehabilita-
tion were craftsmen. John Augustus, a Boston shoe-
maker, has been called the “first probation officer.”
Another early volunteer probation worker was Rufus
R. Cook, a house painter, who later became a gatc-
keeper for the Boston and Albany Railroad.

REHABILITATION PROGRAMS IN PRISONS

If in the judgment of authorities society will be
best served by confining a law breaker to prison,
the emphasis during his confinement must be upon
rehabilitation. But this effort is lost unless he is ac-
cepted once he returns to the community.

Unfortunately, too many prisons remain a place
of confinement where the inmate lives a dull, monot-
onous and empty life. Under such conditions he
may lose his self-respect, with mental and physical
degeneration encouraging a return to crime. Prac-
tical programs of education, social training and pro-
ductive work should be encouraged to combat
idleness.

One authority who has had long experience in
prison work points out that ‘‘prisons must be insti-
tutions like the general hospital with treatment
functions.” He continues: ““The entire staft of the
prison must collaborate in a program of treatment
in which they have confidence and hope.”

State correctional systems can become treatment
centers only to the degree that state legislatures pro-
vide sufficient funds, insist on trained, understanding
and competent personnel, and eliminate politics from
the management of penal systems.

In the modern prison with adequate housing,
medical and social welfare facilities, plus a staff in-
terested in the problems of the individual prisoner,
his rehabilitation may be possible.

Individual treatment usually consists of medical
and psychiatric examinations, interviewing, testing,
and group and individual counselling .

In too many cases overcrowded conditions and
insufficient staff permit only a minimum of individual
treatment, but even here it is possible to maintain
educational programs, vocational training, whole-
some recreation, good reading and meaningful work.

The important fact to be kept in mind is that
approximately 98 percent of the men and women in
prison eventually return to the community—with or
without the benefit of modern rehabilitation treat-
ment.

COMMUNITY ACCEPTANCE

The acceptance or rejection of another person
is a personal thing. Hach individual must decide
whether or not he is willing to speak to, weleome and,
if the opportunity arises, help another person.

Chances are that most people never have direct
personal contact with a paroled or released person.
A man or woman who has spent some time in a cor-
rectional institution may never live next door, or
work on the same job.

While most people may not be im a position to
give a job or other direct help to a released person,
it is Important to help build more positive attitudes
and to promote a wider understanding of the impor-
tance of community aceeptanee of released persons.

Unhappily, the public attitude toward the treat-
ment of offenders has been unduly influenced by sen-
sational motion pictures about prison life, television
crime programs, and the level of crime reporting in
many newspapers. Some day these same powerful
molders of publie opinion may present a more objec-
tive story on the need to make prisons into treat-
ment centers.

In the final analysis, acceptance remains an in-
dividual choice. A certain generosity of heart, the
knowledge that while the past is beyond alteration it
is today and today’s conduct that counts, can aid
greatly in encouraging the acceptance of a person
for what he is now.

UNION ACTION

In any discussion of crime the major emphasis
must be on its prevention. A greater community
concern with wholesome reception facilities, proper
housing, better educational and employment oppor-
tunities and welfare services will do much to prevent
a breakdown of law and order.

An encouraging trend during the past twenty-
five years has been the rapid growth of juvenile
eourts. Here, other than strictly legal factors are
taken into account in the attempt to help the young
offender and his family.

The Community Services Committee of the cen-
tral labor body should invite a representative of the
local juvenile court to discuss the work of the court
at a CSC meeting.

The Committee will also want to cneck on
whether or not the local city and county jail have
been approved by the United States Bureau of Pris-
ons. If federal standards are not being met, why not?

It is also suggested that the members of the Com-
mittee arrange meetings with local probation and pa-
role authorities to better understand local procedures
in the treatment and rehabilitation of offenders.
What chief problems do these officials encounter?
What can CSC do to help?

Committee members may want to explore the
possibilities of visiting local jail facilities and, if near
enough to state prison, a similar field visit may be
planned.

If it can be arranged the Committee should mect
with the warden to hear his views on prison manage-
ment and current rehabilitation practices.

Union members may be able to provide a valu-
able service to correctional institutions by assisting
in the setting up of vocational training projects, es-
tablishing training standards, and assisting the
trainees in getting the jobs upon their release.

Other local community service activities may in-
clude a one-day institute on erime prevention and
modern rehabilitation programs. A unique program
by the Theatrical Federations of San Franciseo, com-
posed of 15 AFL-CIO unions in the amusement indus-
try, sponsors an annual Show of Shows at San Quen-
tin Prison. The show features top talent from the
San Francisco Bay Area theaters, night clubs, hotels,
and radio and television stations.

On a more modest seale the local CSC nay want
to provide suitable reading material to local penal
institutions.

The interest and efforts of the community ser-
viees program in cooperation with other citizen
eroups and publie officials can do much to assure the
men and women who must live again of a useful and
wanted place in the community.
