---
id: "591"
title: "Reflections in a Jaundiced Eye"
author: "PASCHEDAG, Andre L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
REFLECTION 
IN A 
JAUNDICED EYE

BY
ANDRE PASCHEDAG

Originality is only of true worth when one’s con-
tribution is an improvement over something done be-
fore. In our off and on reflections on the meaning of
our lives, few of us will be better able to phrase the
question, ‘‘Why do I exist?’’ than did Blaise Pascal
in his ‘‘Pensees’’:

“When I consider the shortness of my life, lost in
an eternity before and behind, the little space I fill
or behold in the infinite immensity of spaces, of
which I know nothing and which know nothing of
me—when I reflect this, I am filled with terror, and
wonder why I am here and not there, for there was
no reason why it should be the one rather than the
other; why now rather than then? Who set me here?
By whose command and rule were this time and place
appointed me? How many kingdoms know nothing
of us? The eternal silence of infinite spaces terrifies
me.”

Rather than terrified by the unknown infinity
which surrounds and contains us, I am enthralled and
would gladly give up life itself for a momentary rev-
elation, a brief lifting of the impenetrable veil of
mystery which prevents us from truly realizing
where we fit into the total scheme of things. Although
atheistically inclined in my religious beliefs, I cannot
accept with full equanimity the verdict of some
scientists that life is an accident, unrelated to any
master plan of the universe. If this were so, I would
have to further accept the philosophy that man has
no means whatsoever of self-determination, and as a
natural consequence surrender myself without con-
test to the blind demands of so-called fate. This I
refuse to do!

Though in prison, a temporary outcast of society,
I shall continue, along with most of the other in-
mates, to seek the answer to the greatest question of
all, ‘‘Why was I placed on this earth?’’

Most assuredly I shall never find the final answer,
but if along the way I happen to come across the
answers to some lesser questions and thus gain a
better knowledge of myself, the search will have been
worthwhile.

"We ain’t what we wanna be, and we ain’t what
we’re gonna be—but we ain’t what we wuz.’’—
Proverb

‘‘The life of every man is a diary in which he means
to write one story, and writes another, and his humb-
lest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with
what he vowed to make it.’’—J. M. Barrie

Friendship is an ethereal thing, and friends are
hard to come by, perhaps more so in prison than in
free society. By friends, I do not mean here, acquaint-
ances or just people that we get along with because
our personalities do not happen to conflict. By friend,
I mean a person who actually adds to one’s life, who
offers of his own personality to make life pleasanter
and living a more happy adventure than it normally
is—particularly in the human cages of a penitentiary.

Often such a friend is completely unaware of his
contributions to the lives of others. This is the qual-
ity that makes him a true friend, his Innocence of the
more selfish motivations that usually guide most of
us in our relationships with others.

Passing even the cynical inspection of this jaun-
diced eye, there exists behind these walls a man ful-
filling all the requirements and definitions of the
word ‘‘friend.’’ Strangely enough, this same man is
probably rated by many others as a personal friend,
each of them having felt his happy influence upon
their lives at some time or other.

He is necessarily a man of many personalities, a
man of many faces, yet none of them are false. None
less than a many faceted personality could satisfy the
many varying ego requirements of the people who re-
gard him, each separately, as their friend. Yet, his
chameleon-like changes in personality are not delib-
erate or studied attempts to please his audience of
the moment. Rather, it seems that some psychological
mechanism within him, and completely natural to
him, allows him to adjust without awareness to the
needs of each individual person knowing him.

To some he offers a dead-pan face, reminding one
of Buster Keaton or the Mexican comedian, Cantin-
flas. At such times an air of naivete cleanses his ex-
pression of all clues to his emotions, leaving a ‘‘ta-
bula rasa’? upon which can be imprinted joy or
sadness, or any other emotion demanded by the
words of the speaker of the moment. In this role he
approaches the lay analyst who offers no direction
during therapy, but merely by listening offers peace
of mind to the patient unloading his trouble. <A lie
bigger than any of Baron Munchausen’s is accepted
by him with easeful gullibility during this stage, and
the man needing the knowledge that his words are
accepted as gospel by at least one inmate, finds our
friend, a friend indeed. Many leave his presence
strengthened for the day to come by this blissful,
refreshing experience of having been listened to
without ego-blasting criticism or expressed doubts
as to their truthfulness.

To some others he is a clown, a rubber-faced ex-
pressionist seemingly brimming over with pure idiotic
delight as he views the absurdities of life. Iecling
the person’s need for a little laughter to lessen the
cares of the day, he offers the slapstick of a Lou
Costello, or the sharp subtlety of a Mort Sahl, de-
pending upon the listener’s taste. His humor is not
forced, it bubbles forth from the same deep spring of
understanding that offers to other men other values.

To some he is a mature counsel who can be de-
pended upon to give a straightforward and meanine-
ful contribution to any discussion of a current per-
sonal problem. With sincerity and natural empathy,
he offers the balm of good advice or a consoling
thought in a moment of need.

To a great many he is a man who ean, and will,
help you out until commissary. Whatever material
thing it is you may want to borrow, ineluding the
proverbial shirt off his back, if he’s got it—it’s yours.

To many others he is a regular fellow—a ‘‘right
guy’’ in prison terminology. A man who’ll keep his
mouth shut, and follow through its every labyrinth-
ian alleyway the mores of the prisoner’s code.

To me personally, one of his many friends, he is
all of these things, for during my stay here I have
seen him in all of his varying roles as he unconscious-
ly judged my mood of the moment and responded
thereto.

The outside reader may question my judgment,
feeling perhaps that it is my job as a member of the
Staff to publicly pat ‘‘cons’’ on the back, and may
think that I have written a fable about a non-existent
character. No, this ode to a friend is not a fable, and
may sound incongruous only because it represents
that great paradox of life—that good ean exist to-
gether with, and alongside of, evil.

This man of whom I have written is, by the defini-
tion of our courts and society, a murderer, and is
serving a sentence of life imprisonment. Since I did
not know him prior to our mecting in a jail corridor,
I cannot say what he was like in ‘‘civilian’’ life.
Perhaps his present attitude is a means of atonement
for past wrongs, perhaps not. But who really cares—
the man exists, he is an inmate, and he is the valued
friend of many other inmates.

So do I, speaking for many others as well as myself,
view Alfred ‘‘Ciseo’’ Cisneros. In this manner do I
offer my appreciation for this friendship.

For a closer, did you ever hear the Arabian tale
about the cats, the monkey, and Justice? No? Well,
it seems one day two cats found a fine piece of cheese.
Not being too smart they took it to the learned
monkey, and asked him to divide it equally for them.
He broke the piece in half, and put the pieces on a
scale. Since one piece was a little heavier than the
other, he took a bite out of it. Naturally this made
the other piece too heavy and he took a bite of that
one. This went on and on until one of the eats said,
‘‘Please, Mr. Monkey, forget about the whole thing.
We’re satisfied with the pieces just as they are now.’’

“Well, you may be satisfied,’’ answered the
monkey, ‘‘but Justice isn’t,’’ and he kept on nibbling
away at cach piece in turn until it was all gone.

So, the cats went away sad and hungry, but much
wiser in the ways of Justice.
