---
id: "593"
title: "Christmas Reverie"
author: "Hackett, Paul W."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Christmas Reverie
by
Paul W. Hackett

Christmas represents many things to us, most of
which we keep to ourselves. This is understandable,
for confinement does not emanate an authenic Yule-
tide happiness. We must find a substitute within
ourselves to carry us through that Great Day.

We are inclined to believe that other people’s
thoughts are not as intimate or unusual as our own,
but the truth is they are. We usually neglect to ad-
mit this fact to one another, which is why most peo-
ple keep their thoughts to themselves. This is prob-
ably a good thing most of the time for most of the
people, but perhaps on particular occasions (like
Christmas) we might acknowledge the fact that we,
along with the ‘‘outsiders,’’ have similar thoughts
and feelings.

We are likewise affected by the prevailing mood of
the Holiday. Whether we be considered good or bad,
it stirs something noble within us all. Even through
the dark niches of a prison-conditioned mind, mem-
ory projects a number of bright images upon our
conscious sereens. Life’s embers again commence to
elow. A sense of temporary elation somehow man-
ages to seep in as the mental panorama emits familiar
and friendly voices through a maze of Seasonal songs.
Then come the cherished faces, the cheerful cadence
of laughter, the revelations of many Yuletide en-
chantments.

But there is one great difference—it all comes from
the past and is staged in the grey atmosphere of im-
prisonment. This makes us think. How ealamitous,
we often muse at this time, that one must wait till
such a late hour to contemplate the fleeting remem-
brances of those warm hours when thought and feel-
ing were at their truest and finest, when life throbbed
with hope and joy in so many little ways.

But all is not lost. Adversity stimulates the desire
for better things. It forces us to think further—and
we do!

We realize that we cannot bring back the Past by
longing for it. We know that there is only an etern-
ally new Now that creates itself from the Past. But
in our Christmas reverie we also realize that we can
salvage the best from the relentless vacuum of time,
and from it create something new. This is the real
reason for our Christmas reverie. It is what keeps
us going from year to year. And Christmas, regard-
less of where it comes to us, privately inspires each
one of us to pursue the best possibilities to our indi-
vidual goals. It reminds us that we are basically
ood, that we can become better men.

Though we are alienated from the free world, we
often make some effort to reach out, to befriend and
assist others whenever possible. Seldom do we fail
to esteem and thank those sincere persons who have
lent us a helping hand. Christmas does, therefore,
still contain great significance for us in here. We are
really not the type of people the publie is led to be-
lieve. We are only of that segment which has not
learned to repress its rebellion, and this we can learn.

And we shall! But first, there must be a continu-
ance of charity throughout the year on the part of
society and officialism, and a willingness to cooperate
with each on our part. This is our way to a newer
and better Christmas.

In conclusion, we extend our best Holiday Greetings
to our readers, to our loved ones, and to all those who
hold our interests at heart. It is our prayer that this
Christmas will speak of knowledge, understanding,
and of friendship and love throughout the world.
