---
id: "594"
title: "Profile"
author: "Williams, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Profile

by Thomas Williams

In April 1954 the prison gates opened and closed,
enveloping another man in its tentacles of steel and
conerete. The echo of metal clashing left a deafening
roar in the ears of James Fisher. The enormity of his
15 to 30 year sentence for robbery was apparent
when he entered this institution in November 1954.
As in the majority of eases his bewilderment was evi-
dent in the first months of his incarceration. The fact
that he strove to rise above the man his erime labled
him to be, is the basis of profiling this worthy individ-
ual.

Over a period of seven years’ imprisonment he has
achieved an excellent institutional behavior record.
His ready smile and cheerful attitude is the sign of a
man determined to make time serve him in a con-
structive manner. This last statement has bcen veri-
fied by Jimmy Fisher’s rehabilitative efforts.

Since being inearcerated he has chosen an eduea-
tional program compiling many subjects. He is at
present enrolled in upholstery school and architec-
tural drawing. He has studied and completed Kneg-
lish and carpentry. The proof of his workmanship
was evident when in May of 1959, Jimmy Fisher and
two helpers singlehandedly built the carpentry
school now functioning at this institution. During
this same year a scale model ranch home was dis-
played at the Benjamin Franklin Hotel. This was the
Annual Conference of the Association on Probation,
Parole and Correction. This scale model home,
praised for its beauty and authenticity, was another
of Jim’s creations. He has maintained steady em-
ployment in the construction-maintenanee depart-
ment for a period of four years. In June of 1960 a
ereat honor was afforded him. He received the happy
news, “‘He had been made an honor trusty.’’ This
enabled him to work outside the prison proper and
any surrounding areas designated by his construction
superintendent. Only the utmost faith and trust goes
along with this position. That it was bestowed on
Jim, among others, is indicative of the character of
this man.

He said, ‘‘This was a great thing for me. It showed
that my efforts toward being a different and decent
individual were being recognized.’’? He was right in
speaking these timely words. Every person needs an
incentive to keep plodding on through sometimes a
wearisome life to achieve a constructive goal.

His ambition for the future upon release is to open
an upholstering and carpentry shop. This is not an
idle dream for he has better than 20 years experience
behind him. Having reached the summit of life at
age 40, he is being practical by relying on a known
vocation. Another significant factor in this man’s
life was his voluntarily taking psychological eoun-
seling here at this institution. His objective was to
understand his past motivations and to seek help
emotionally for the future.

Several years ago, in the first years of his confine-
ment, Jim became seriously ill. He was on the critical
list for a while and the seriousness of his condition
was apparent to him.

I asked him about his feelings at this time, and he
answered, ‘‘There are times in our lives when a trag-
edy such as long years of imprisonment or being
eritically ill is the turning point in our lives. I have
a wife and three kids who I love very much. I knew
that I had to make a change for them and for myself
as well. They haven’t forsaken me and this is an
inspiration to try and make their life happy by my
eood examples. This is the fork in the road for me.
I have no other recourse than to desire to be a decent
citizen. I have vowed to one day make them proud
of me. My wife has been instrumental in giving me
the incentive to span the gap constructively. My one
great desire is to justify the faith and love she has
for me by future deeds of goodness. I have vowed
to make my wife and children proud of m+, instead
of the heartbreak they have experienced by my im-
prisonment.”

The majority of the men profiled in this magazine
are not new prisoners. They are men who have been
in this prison a number of years. I have had the op-
portunity to observe these men over a period of their
incarceration. This year-by-year screening is the
best possible evaluation by one individual. James
Fisher has been an inspiration to his fcllowmen
around him. His optimism has lifted many out of
their state of futility and dejection. This is the pro-
file of a man who has known the consequences of his
adverse acts against society, a man who is trying to
lift himself out of the dirt of criminality and head in
the right direction.

We have presented this man not as we think he
should be, but as he has presented himself over the
years. His achievements have been of his own doing
and his efforts are to be one day a decent citizen.

We cite these cases to show that, if given the oppor-
tunity, men can change into useful constructive in-
dividuals.
