---
id: "595"
title: "The Birth of the Savior"
author: "Washington, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Birth of the Saviour

by

Rev. Paul Washington
Episcopal Chaplain

And she brought forth her firstborn son and
wrapped him in swaddling clothes and laid him in a
manger; because there was no room in the inn for
them.

I wonder if anyone could have been found in the
whole. of the land of Palestine who would have
thought that this child, born of Mary, in a place pre-
pared for domesticated animals, could have risen to
a point in life where he would be declared and accep-
ted as Lord and Saviour to over several hundred mil-
lion persons of every race and land throughout the
entire world?

It is an ineredible story and the only reason I find
myself able to believe it is that I know that it is true.
This child born of Mary has been discovered as the
one in whom peace, salvation is found.

Life at its best must have its share of problems:
its quests, its questions, its conflicts, its frustrations ;
it has its apparent failures and its apparent suc-
cesses; it has its ups and its downs; its moments of
depression and its moments of elation, and any one
of these states of life could either lead or drive us
into skepticism, insanity, irrationality, or even to
death.

Some have said that this child born of Mary had
either to be “stone mad’’ or else the Son of God.
There is no ‘‘middle of the road’’ as to what He was;

He is either Saviour, Redeemer, God, or the most
brazen and the most infamous ‘‘con man’”’ that his-
tory has ever known.

Some have taken him to be the first, others have
taken him to be the latter, and it is a choice which
you are free to make for yourself, but it is a choice
which has a very direct bearing as do values which a
life acquires.

No one would dare to say that those who have ac-
cepted Christ as Saviour have monopolized all of the
successes of life, nor that those who have rejected
him have piled up the largest number of failures, but
when one stops to realize how we arrive at our stan-
dards of failure and success, this should be quite
understandable, for abundant, fruitful living, where
Christ is concerned, had little to do with material ac-
quisitions, fame, greatness or one’s station in
society; its essence was to be found in the ways
in which the ereature could lose himself in the virtue
of love. No doubt we could say that “he who loves
most is greatest in the Kingdom of God.”

If one were to ask ‘‘What was Christ’s claim to
fame?’’ the only thing I could say for him is that he
loved people, and we know that it was love by what
he did, said, and because he gave up his life when he
realized that it was the only way ours could be saved.

It is no wonder that Christmas is such a beautiful
time all over the World—for everybody, because at
least for this one day, if no others, everyone feels
himself impelled to love one another, whether it be
enemy soldiers on a battlefield, in a marriage where
the relationship has been strained, or in a town where
people have hated one another, on this day when we
eclebrate the birth of Jesus, the essence of his charac-
ter permeates the atmosphere of the world, it invades
the heart of every man.

This is why this babe, born of Mary in a stable, is
the Saviour all over the world.
