---
id: "596"
title: "Festival of Dedication"
author: "SOLOMON, Ph.D. Rabbi Victor"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Festival of Dedication

by

Rabbi Dr. Victor Solomon
Jewish Chaplain

As we approach the Festival of Chanukah, our
thoughts turn to that glorious event in Jewish history
which saved not only Judaism but all good religion
from annihilation at the hands of paganism. ‘The
hero of Chanukah is Judah the Maccabee, who com-
bined piety with courage to defeat the enemies of
Israel.

The central theme of Chanukah is ight. We are
told about the small cruse of oil found at the time of
the rededication of the Temple; it had oil enough for
one day of illumination, but it burned on and on—for
eight days.

The lessons of Chanukah are manifold and inspir-
ing in their multiplicity. First, we learn that behind
all the occurrences of history there is a divine hand
that guides. Then we discover that good intentions
must be translated into heroi¢ acts of selflessness—in
our daily encounters with our enemies of passion, and
human frailty. We also find that dedication is not
the end of great accomplishments. After the initial
glory of dedication must come rededication —daily,
every moment of our lives—lest the victory of dedica-
tion be submerged in the dark depths of daily vicissi-
tudes and petty problems.

Finally, Chanukah comes to proclaim the Kingdom
of heht, to dethrone the darkness of hate and preju-
dice, greed and arrogance which still reigns supreme
in many human hearts. Chanukah takes us back to
Genesis and the Divine Summons “Let there be light.”

A Happy Chanukah and Season’s Greetings to all
of you.
