---
id: "597"
title: "Introducing Dr. Williams Protestant Chaplain"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Introducing
Dr. Williams

Protestant
Chaplain

Replacing Reverend Gordon Reynolds, who until
his recent transfer was our Protestant Chaplain, we
are fortunate to have secured the services of Dr.
Arthur D. Williams. Dr. Williams has a personal and
ministerial background particularly worthy of note.

Once placed with the dead to await burial after he
stopped breathing while on the operating table of a
dispensary located in the New Hebrides in 1948, Dr.
Williams was discovered to be still alive the next
morning. A victim of malaria, yellow jaundice, and a
ruptured appendix which had developed into gan-
erene of the peritoneum, Dr. Williams miraculously
survived a night of horror stranger than fiction.

Although dangerously exposed to the elements via
the open eleven inch incision made at the beginning
of his operation, Dr. Williams lived through that ex-
perience and after a seemingly endless series of hos-
pitals and further operations, was pronounced fully
recovered in 1947,

Having served six years as an army chaplain, upon
his discharge Dr. Williams decided to avail himself of
the further schooling offered under the GI Bill
although he already held two degrees, a B.A. and
B.D., from Lincoln University. While pastor of the
Faith Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia, he worked
for his M.A. from Temple University, later reeeiving
a doctorate of theology from the Graduate University
School at Harvard. He also studied at Harrisburg
State Hospital, where he was certified to counsel the
mentally and emotionally ill.

Dr. Williams is also an excellent public speaker as
evidenced by the past spring requests that he deliver
four commencement addresses in four states. In
recognition of his work while holding the pastorate
of St. Mark’s Methodist Church in that city he was
also asked by the Kingsport, Tennessee radio station
WKPT, an affiliate of NBC, to deliver a series of Holy
Week addresses.

Dr. Williams is blessed with a very wonderful fam-
ily consisting of his wife and six fine children, three
boys and three girls, all of whom are in professional
fields of their own choosing.

Coming to us from the John Wesley Methodist
Chureh in Bristol, Va.—Tenn., we welcome Dr.
Arthur D. Williams.
