---
id: "598"
title: "The Greatest Event in History is Christmas"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. Arthur D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Greatest Event in History Is Christmas

by

Dr. Arthur D. Williams
Protestant Chaplain

No one knows the exact date of Christ’s birth.
Various dates were observed until the 5th century
when December 25th was fixed arbitrarily by the
Christian Church.

The name Christmas in England dates from the
11th century when it was called CHRISTES
MAESSE. In Dutch it is KERSIMISSE; in German,
WEIHNACHT and in Greek, KAJA’ KRISTOU-
JENA. The French NOEL, The Italian IL NATALEH,
and the Spanish NAVIDAD are derived from the
Latin DIES NATALIS (birthday). The Puritans of
England enacted a law in 1644 forbidding its obser-
vance. Massachusetts passed a similar law in 1659.
Their objection was based on the grounds that the
day was associated with pagan festivals. As Puri-
tanism declined, these objections disappeared. To-
day, Christmas is observed in all Christian Commun-
ities the world around.

Some misconceptions are revealed by the way the
day is observed today. The way we give and receive
gifts, the feasts and bacchanalia, would make one
think it is their birthday or a party for Darius, of
handwriting on the wall fame, or the first Night Club,
which demanded the head of John the Baptist.

Others act as though Christmas is a time to boost
business. Christmas is the birthday of the Babe of
3ethlehem, but some forget that the Babe grew up to
become the Man of Galilee, the Jesus of Nazareth and
the Christ of Calvary. We celebrate the birthday of
George Washington, but we do not treat him as a
baby, but the First President and the Father of our
country.

Christmas is of value because it is the birthday of
the Saviour of the World. This is the first and fore-
most need of all men, women and children. Not with
our lips, but oniy with our lives can we celebrate
Christmas. ‘‘Thou shalt call His name Jesus: for he
shall save His people from their sins.’’ Not ‘‘in’’, but
‘‘from’’ their sins. When a physician saves a man
from death, he lives! When a lawyer saves a man
from prison, it means he does not go to prison. When
Jesus saves us ‘‘from’’ our sins, it means we do not
live IN our sins.

Our Bibles tell us that after the wise men came and
verified the birth of Jesus, the greatest event in his-
tory, they returned to their home ‘‘another way.”’
(Matthew 2:12) We, too, will show wisdom, if after
Christmas we go another way! We only honor Jesus
when we obey Him. We celebrate Christmas by show-
ing respect and love for the one who gave His life
for us. Anything short of this is sham and hollow.
Which shall it be, a merry devil or a merry Christ?
Our sins and neglect will never make Him merry.
May this be your Merriest Christmas!
