---
id: "599"
title: "Scoop!!! Santa Claus Exposed!!"
author: "Murphy, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Extra   THE DAILY BLAB    Extra
Snoopsville, U. S. A.  
Vol. XIV No. 38

SCOOP!!!

Santa Claus
EXPOSED!

Reporter asks: ‘‘What’s in the Bag, Nick?’’

By Francis A. Murphy

A little nonsense, now and then, is relished by the best of men.
—Anon

Down through the years there have been groups and committees
formed to investigate the political leanings of one Mr. Santa Claus.
As of this writing, charges and accusations of communism and
RED leanings have not been proven, regardless of
the fact that the Un-American Activities Committee
regard his RED suit with a jaundiced eye.

Certain facts have just been revealed to the editor
of this magazine concerning Mr. Claus, that have no
bearing on his political beliefs or leanings. We, of
the editorial staff, are con-
cerned with a more pertinent
problem, “IS SANTA CLAUS
A PROFESSIONAL PROW-
LER?”—From information
received from an unimpeach-
able source (My Cell Pard-
ner), we, of the editorial staff,
intend to look into this matter objectively, and with
no malice aforethought.

The unimpeachable souree tells us that Mr. Claus
must surely be a professional prowler, how else can
you explain his amazing success in entering so many
homes, in so many devious ways, and not once being
collared by Some alert citizen? If he were, by
chance, apprehended and placed in a police line-up,
just one question asked by a police inquisitcr could
put him so far up the river, that it would cost him
three dollars to send a post card to one of his rein-
deer, assuming of course that the reindeer could
read. And I am prone to believe that Rudolph, the
RED-nosed one, is a capable and well-read animal.
However, we are digressing—to return to our inquisi-
tive policeman, suppose he, the policeman, should
ask: ‘‘How can you explain your many aliases, Mr.
Claus???" Why even the smallest child is aware
that Mr. Claus is known as Saint Nicholas, Chris
Kringle, and it just might interest the Fedderal
Bureau of Investigation that in RUSSIA, Mr. Claus
is also known as Father Winter. (Author’s Note:
Put that in your sled, citizen, and haul it around the
block.)

It has been pointed out by our unimpeachable
source that if you have ever seen a photo or picture
of Mr. Claus, you will have noticed that his bag is
always full. If you are alert, you will aiso notice
that this same bag is always a little bit bigger on
leaving, than it is upon entering the various homes
that he or an associate enters. What the ordinary
man or woman fails to see is the little things that
are missing right after the holidays. I’m sure we all
have misplaced something during the joyous Xmas
holidays. Usually some poor innocent child is blamed
for the missing wrist watch or some other such
article, and is the recipient of a back-hander in the
bargain for losing it. (Author’s Note: But WE know
who snatched the watch, don’t we?) Another fallacy
so ably brought to our attention by our souree is all
that jazz about him climbing down the chimneys,
obviously just a RED-herring to cloud the real secret
of how he enters homes. According to the popular
belief, once he enters a home, he gives out with HO,
HO, HO, Merry Xmas everybody. Have YOU ever
heard him? Of course
you haven’t. Once he
is inside, he remains
very quiet, very quiet,
for obvious reasons.
It’s a cowardly action,
that is why his name is
listed in the YELLOW
pages of the local tele-
phone directory.

In passing, may I mention that I have been serving
time, Lo, these many years, just because my ‘‘Modus
Operandi’’ is not without flaws. Can you imagine the
success and riches that await the man or weman who
can unravel the seeret of just how this two-hundred
pound Mr. Claus, with a very prominent bay-window,
a bright red suit with a long white beard (Author’s
Note: I do not mean to imply that the suit has a
beard), can enter and leave so many homes without
detection? This chubby little gentleman also rides
around in a sled with EIGHT REINDEER, and
NOBODY SEES HIM OR THEM??? I can honestly
say that I, myself, have seen the Easter Bunny Rab-
bit on several occasions, but I, too, must add my name
to the long list that haven’t had the pleasure of a
personal introduction to Mr. Claus.

To illustrate to what lengths some people will go,
take the rumor that has been circulating for years.
THEY say that, "Santa Claus is your FATHER."
All I can add to that mis-statement is, ‘‘Blood is
thicker than water, but for everyday home use, water
is your best bet.” Besides, I know of some fathers
that wouldn’t give you the sleeves out of their vest,
if you were freezing.

Now, for the sake of argument, let’s dissect that
honey-dripping smile of Mr. Claus (It has no bearing,
but obviously his dentures are as false as a chorus
eirl’s eyelashes). Why such a jolly smile on his
cherub face? Ill tell you why—YOU would smile
too, if you only worked one night a year, Xmas Eve,
and made enough to lay around on your big fat sled
the rest of the year. In my opinion that smile of Mr.
Claus’s is a direct steal from the Mona Lisa.

Our unimpeachable source (Still my Cell Pardner),
comes now to a very startling statement. Naturally,
Mr. Claus cannot make a personal visit to so many

North Pole Mob: (Left to Right) By Heck Eck, Windy Lupo,
Flames Albright, Garbage Louie, Tavern O’Callahan, The Baron
Wun Fang, Dude Miller and Seagrams O’Keefe.

people in one night, so, what does he do?—(Have you
guessed?) Of course, HE IS THE HEAD OF A
GANG. The members of this prowl mob are sworn
to secrecy, sworn under dire threats. Now you know
why the Eastern Correctional Institution is so full
of prowlers. What you don’t know is, THEY are not
prowlers, but every last one of them are SANTA
CLAUS’S HELPERS who have been picked up by
the local police, but
are unable to confess
their close association
with Mr. Claus. (Au-
thor’s Note: I find it
difficult to believe the
preceding statement,
but I do, I do, I do.)

To de-bunk some of
the Santa Claus leg-
ends, let it be known now, that Mary Christmas is
NOT Santa Claus’s wife. Mr. Claus is married to an
Eskimo girl named Belinda Blubber, sole owner of an
Eskimo Pie Factory.

It is also untrue that Santa Claus relaxes in an
oversized baby’s high-chair, and beats his spoon on
the top when he wants something. He is a very man-
nerly gentleman, too, he has never once forgotten
what two fingers to put in his mouth, when whistling
for his reindeer to stop or go.

Come to think of it, he’s a pretty fine old gentle-
man at that. I just remembered the children who
wait for him every year, in homes, hospitals and little
out of the way places all over this earth. He brings
smiles to some faces that haven’t smiled for a long,
long time. He’s a kind of feeling, I guess, and we are
never too old or too young to experience it. It’s a
good fecling, too. It has to be good to penetrate forty-
foot walls and tons of steel, to enter into the hearts
of the men who are behind those walls, wherever
walls are confining them. Welcome, Mr: Claus, or
Chris Kringle, whether you be material or spiritual,
the feelings you bring are needed so much py all of
us. Peace on Earth, and Good Will to Men.

Author’s Note: My cell "pardner" is no longer
with me. The last time I saw him, he was filling some-
body’s stocking on Xmas eve, or taking something.
