---
id: "6"
title: "Better Citizens- The Result of: Rehabilitation & Good Time"
author: "Williams, Jr. John L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Better Citizens - The result of: REHABILITATION & GOOD TIME

by JOHN L. WILLIAMS, JR.

Recently one of the leading local newspapers
featured an article by Judge Curtis Bok of Common
Pleas Court, Philadelphia, in which he criticized the
outmoded system of sentencing men to the peniten-
tiaries in this State. In his newspaper feature he
outlined a sentencing system that was neither ex-
treme nor lenient, as he considered some of the other
systems in our country to be.

Judge Bok advocated a system based on the
present minimum and maximum sentence with the
difference that the minimum sentence not be rigid.
Included in this sentence would be good time and
incentive time.

With the program of rehabilitation as set up
in our penitentiaries, which includes some of the
most progressive features in penology, the present-
day systems of sentencing a man conflict with
what penologists hope to accomplish with the in-
mates of the penal institutions in our State. My
assignment for this issue had been to contact Judge
Bok and find out what support his system has and
how widely broadeast it was. Also, if anything
definite has been done to have this system introduced
into our legislature. However, at the time
received my assignment it was brought to my at-
tention that Judge Bok was confined to the hospital.

After conducting an intensive and exclusive
type of interviewing among a large majority of the
men confined at ‘‘Cherry Hill’’, I have quite logi-
eally advanced to the conclusion that everyone in-
terviewed is in complete agreement with Judge Bok
that some kind of a system of receiving good time
on all sentences should be instituted throughout this
State. However, I must point out that the subject
of receiving good time also involves the affiliation
of rehabilitation. As I continue in this article I
will endeavor to emphasize how such a system of
good time would be beneficial to both society and
to prisoners.

To begin with, various judges and the vast
majority of society seem to be of the opinion that
a person convicted of a crime should be given the
maximum sentence as prescribed by law, if the
newspapers have given considerable adverse pub-
licity to that particular individual’s case.

As an illustration of the present sentencing
system, let’s assume that a person receives a
sentence of 10 to 20 years for the charge of Burg-
lary. This person is not eligible for a parole hear-
ing until he has served his complete MINIMUM
sentence of 10 years. The remaining 10 years, which
is his MAXIMUM sentence, is to be served on
parole, providing that he is granted parole at the
expiration of his MINIMUM sentence.

SYSTEM OF GOOD TIME

If a judge at the time of sentencing a defendant
feels that that particular person should be dealt with
severely, he could, for instance, still give the defen-
dant a sentence of 10 to 20 years. But under the good
time system the prisoner would automatically be
interviewed for a parole hearing at 1/3 of his
MINIMUM sentence of 10 years, or 3 years and 4
months. The prisoner would also, under the system
of good time, receive 10 days a month good time
from his entire 20 years sentence. However, when
the prisoner is interviewed for parole at 1/3 of his
MINIMUM sentence, it does not necessarily mean
that he would be granted an immediate parole.
There are many factors the Parole Board would
have to consider in his case. Such as, completely
scrutinizing the prisoner’s institutional record of
his adjustment and behavior; achievements in pris-
on, and various factors pertinent to rehabilitation.
If, after having served 1/3 of his minimum sentence
of 10 years, a prisoner were refused parole, he
would then be eligible for a parole hearing every
year thereafter, until he had either proven himself
rehabilitated, or until he had served a total of 13
years and 4 months of his entire sentence. If he had
not lost any time for violations of the Rules and
Regulations of the institution, then, upon having
served 13 years and 4 months of his 10 to 20 years
sentence, he would automatically be released and
his entire sentence terminated, because the remain-
ing 6 years and 8 months is the amount of good time
he would receive from his entire sentence.

When a prisoner is received at the penitentiary
he is placed in quarantine, and during the first two
or three weeks there he may quite frequently hear
the word rehabilitation. After curiously inquiring of
this particular subject, the prisoner learns that
rehabilitation consists of improving his mental out-
look in respect to terminating all further indulgence
in criminal activity; melioration of his social atti-
tudes and pattern of deportment; learning to accept
and to abide by the rules and regulations which
govern society and the institution in which he is
confined; improvement of his education and ful-
fillment of all Religious obligations, etc.

The prisoner entered the institution with the
impression that he was sent there as punishment,
and being previously confronted with the various
inconsistencies he begins to wonder if it is possible
for him to be punished and rehabilitated at the
identical time.

Now, after being equipped with the full know-
ledge of the ingredients of rehabilitation, its purposes 
and how it is attained, let’s assume that this
prisoner develops a sincere desire to become re-
habilitated so that when he is eventually released,
he will be able to live a normal and respectable,
law-abiding life.

If, after having served six years of his minimum
sentence of 10 to 20 years, this prisoner has contin-
uously shown sincere evidence of complete rehabil-
itation, is society or this prisoner serving the pur-
poses of rehabilitation by his being kept incar-
cerated until he has served those four remaining
years of his 10 year MINIMUM sentence?

I am fully cognizant of the fact that the pris-
oner has perpetrated a crime against society and
must be punished for doing so, but the gist is that,
even though this prisoner did do wrong, he has
repented, has become completely rehabilitated and
has served 6 years under conditions not conducive
to mental well-being.

By no means am I insinuating that the system
of good time be installed in this State for the sole
purpose of remuneration for rehabilitation. Al-
though technically it could be interpreted that way
in some degree. However, the main purpose for
such a suggestion is made with the thought of
giving a prisoner an opportunity for receiving an
early parole if he has shown sincere rehabilitation
during his confinement.

If society throws the ‘‘Book’’ at a person and
completely forgets about him during his immure-
ment, then how can society expect this forgotten
person to show respect towards them and abide by
their rules and regulations when he is eventually
released?

Remember, there are many men who need only
to spend a short period of time incarcerated in
prison before they become completely rehabilitated.
This fact has been proven many times. I must agree
of course, that there are many men in prisons who
will never become rehabilitated. However, why
make the rehabilitated prisoners suffer because of
the unrehabilitated ones?

By now, I imagine that there are many
of you wondering ‘‘how ean anyone determine when
a prisoner is completely rehabilitated?’’ It is my
belief that psychologists, psychiatrists and others
who have studied human behavior all their lives,
can determine this quite accurately through such
means as observing the prisoner’s social attitudes,
daily conduct, expressed beliefs, expressed desires
and daily habits, ete. Therefore, if through such
observance, a prisoner has shown evidence of com-
plete rehabilitation, then we must accept as a fact
that he is rehabilitated and grant him the oppor-
tunity of once more being accepted by society.

Unfortunately, however, at the present time,
society seems to be primarily concerned only with
the thought and habit of sentencing the majority
of law-violators to as much time in a penitentiary
as is possible and forgetting about them. Whereas,
society should be making it its duty to see that
prisoners have advantages available to them for

being released in a sufficient amount of time when
they have shown sincere evidence of complete
rehabilitation. Permitting a rehabilitated prisoner
to be paroled before his MINIMUM sentence has
been completed, would be beneficial to him and to
society in his adjustment among them when he
is released.

Society must be made to understand that it is
much easier to remold a prisoner in the community
among people who will have a sincere desire in
stimulating him to do good, than could be done in
a penitentiary. A moderate term of immurement
for an offender who will have a careful and long
parole supervision when released, is much safer for
society, than if he were given and forced to serve a
severely long sentence, and then released.

If a prisoner is compelled to serve a severely
long sentence after becoming completely rehabili-
tated, there are possibilities that the inmate may
reappraise the inconsistencies of rehabilitation and
maximum sentences and when he is released will
enter society with hatred, contempt and revenge,
irrespective of the amount of parole he has re-
maining or the consequences involved thereafter.
There is nothing more precarious than an ex-convict
loose among society possessing such feelings and
intentions toward society. Such attitudes of an ex-
convict could be eliminated considerably, if society
would give more consideration to a prisoner as an
individual; permit more flexibility in a MODERATE
sentencing procedure and affiliate punishment more
closely with rehabilitation. When such things as
this are done, the advancements in preventing the
return of convicted parole violators will be excep-
tionally rewarding to everyone concerned.

It must be remembered that every judicial law
which deals with persons charged and convicted of
crime has a dual purpose. Namely, to protect the
community against such persons committing any
further criminal activity against them, and to try
to rehabilitate them to the fullest extent possible
during their confinement. If severe and improper
practices are used against a person in the legal
process, considerable harm will be committed in pre-
venting the ultimate possibilities of a person be-
coming rehabilitated while in prison. If a prisoner
has such a severe amount of time to serve that he
cannot see any future hope of release, then he has
NO reason nor any desire for rehabilitation.

If the courts and society are opposed to the
release of a completely rehabilitated prisoner just
because he has only served 6 years of a 10 to 20
year sentence, then what is the purpose of urging
rehabilitation to prisoners, especially if the prison-
ers are not to receive any consideration for ac-
cepting it?

If we are going to have continual preaching on
the subject of rehabilitation, then let’s also have
SOMEONE do SOMETHING in obtaining a sentenc-
ing system which will permit the prisoners who
ARE rehabilitated to be RELEASED in a REASON-
ABLE amount of time.
