---
id: "600"
title: "Retaliation or Reform"
author: "Williams, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Retaliation or Reform
by
Thomas Williams

Which serves society best, treatment of the
criminal or punishment for the sake of vengeance ?

Within the sphere of modern penology’s reforma-
tive policies are theories and opinions that are slowly
showing factual progress. However, in spite of the
progressive theme of rehabilitation rather than pun-
ishment alone, its representation is small compared
to the whole. The penologists task of putting their
thoughts to a practical test are momentous, due
mainly to archaic penal prejudice. The people who
are endeavoring to make new programs a success are
all too often pushed into the background of their
ideas. In many instanees they are relegated to this
position by choice. They desire to remain in semi-
anonymity because of oppositional factions and
such publie opinion factions are usually synonymous
with the 19th century type of thinking that aecepted
the theme of,‘‘ Retaliation in any form.’’ There have
been many erroneous opinions regarding tie persons
for and against penal progress. The clarification of
these opinions is all important. What are the ulti-
mate aims of these people’s ideas? Who, in society, is
opposed to penal reform, and why? The questions
can only be answered by reversing time and delving
into the core of the American penitentiary system.

The majority of people are aware of the disrepu-
table prison conditions of past years. The time-worn
wrecks who walked out of prisons, then were only
good for mental homes. The younger ones, given no
job training and suffering from previous brutal con-
ditions, hastened to get even by embarking on newer
paths of crime. As time went on the learned men of
penology embraced a new penal coneept. The idea
that: ‘‘Reform should supercede punishment and re-
habilitation should be the dominating factor in penal
progress.’’ Penologists studied such opinions and
strove to have them created tangibly. Their findings
were new to the public and few people listeiied. The
people who nodded their heads in an affirmative vote
were a small minority. This was enough, though, to
get the ball rolling.

The years went by and statistics proved that there
was less recidivism under this new concept. The man
on the street began to take notice, especially of the
many acts of kindness of inmates. There were such
reports as inmates subjecting themselves to disease
tests, and donating blood, eyes and limbs to society.
These, and many more true exploits filtered out of
prisons throughout the land. Such examples were
enough to stir within some human hearts a desire to
give the men and women in prison a chance to prove
themselves anew. In the early years of 1930, a deva-
stating fire swept a penitentiary in Ohio. This ter-
rible conflagration claimed the lives of approximately
300 inmates. Following events proved that people
did recognize all their fellowmen, whatever their
circumstances, as human beings. Thus, the concep-
tion of this new brainchild, modern penology, slowly
became a working force against the failure of older
theories. A new force was set in motion to propel
these new ideas across the land.

Scattered throughout the United States are minor-
ity groups clinging to the theory of redemption of
men. They are the few who have said “YES” to the
concept of prevention of crime by treatment of
offenders. These people are not always in the class
depicting academic interest. Many of them are in-
dividuals of the daily physical world. The different
circumstanees which made them envelope this hu-
manistic attitude are numerous. For many it has
been an emotional feeling for the underdog. Many
of these personalities are ex-convicts who have suf-
fered the injustices of a penal system devoted to
punishment only. In many eases, people have become
interested by reading printed works on modern penal
reform. In some parts of the country businessmen
beeame interested in hiring men released from prison.
This may sound trivial, but the difference lies in
the segregation of the convict by employers. Men
equipped physically and mentally to do the job, but
denied the right because of the jail stigma.

It is very distressing when liberal minded citizens
have to hide behind the shadows of secrecy because
of their compassionate reasoning. Some are forced
to do this for fear of being ostracized by those around
them. Yet these people have plodded onward in their
drive toward a universal understanding of their con-
cept. The plaudits are all too few for the people who
have dared to offer a living chance to those in prison
warranting such consideration. The hiring of
modern thinking men as wardens and officials has
been inspiring. Through their official OK and help,
the voice of the inmate has been heard.

There are many reasons for extreme opposition to
penal reform, and those advocating the same. But,
those who blast every kindness or merey shown to
people in prison are not always justified in doing so.
Among the many voicing their oral protests are the
victims or families of those who suffered because of
the adverse acts of criminals. At the first stage of
their particular incident they are certainly justified
in screaming. The emotions are at a feverish pitch,
and justice should be done. It is only when their pro-
test continues long after sentence, punishment, and
years, that it becomes nonsensical. It has been proven
time and time again that punishment is not a deter-
rent to erime. The clamour against rehabilitation is
sometimes a sacrilegious front for some individuals,
behind which to hide their own devious deeds.

In the years preceding the Korean war it was a
common occurrence to read of corrupt and irresponsi-
ble penal leaders. The financial exploitation of pris-
oners was a common thing. Money doled out for the
prisoner was all too often shuffled in the deck of
fraudulent bookkeeping methods. These deeds were
ugly in their functions, and the old regime cculd not
stand any new concept which threatened them.
Slightly below this type of opposition are the twisted
minds of the cynics. They are opposed to anything.
The notoriety they receive is only a fuel to ignite the
fires of their deranged minds. Another distressing
obstacle to penal progress is the ascending crime rate.
This is enough to instill doubt in even the staunchest
defender. In 1931 a noted penologist in Pennsylvania,
Louis Robinson, and a famous jurist engaged in a
debate concerning penology among other things. The
penologist was reprimanded for his so called ‘‘cod-
dling’’ of prisoners and was the subject of many
slanderous remarks. Such was the plight of those
persons who chose to draw a line of demarcation be-
tween medievalism and modern penology.

The preceding paragraphs have touched lightly
on the curing of criminal behavior and the people
behind these ideas. However, we did not exclude the
persons who are against modern reform. We must
include them fully. The two factions must be fused
into a whole to present one great mass of modern
ideas. If this is to be done, the alteration of the atti-
tudes of these people is most important. A main
factor in retarding penal progress is the lack of
knowledge concerning such. It is difficult ror many
people to become agitated about injustice or progress
when their knowledge ends at government docu-
ments and scholarly investigations. Like most citi-
zens they never think of prisons as something that
might involve them. Most of them regard criminals
as representatives of a world apart. They are only
dimly aware of their existence. This is one of the
things badly in need of correction. It is slowiy being
remedied by methods illustrated here. Letting the
public meet the man not as he was 5 to 10 years ago,
but as he is today under correctional treatment and
rehabilitation.

The law of hate is just as distasteful when practiced
by society as it is by the criminal element.

Mr. Lewis E. Lawes, former warden of Sing Sing
prison said, “Attacking the problem of crime and
criminals through prisons is to approach the problem
hind-end foremost. The answer does not lie in more
and larger and safer prisons. It is rather in ascer-
taining some method of diminishing prison popula-
tion; of turning these prisons into plants where hu-
man impulses and the desire for normal living can
be recharged with vigor and encouragement.’’ 
