---
id: "602"
title: "My Brother's Keeper"
author: "CONREY, William"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
My Brother’s Keeper

edited by
William Conrey

The following story is another illustration of a
man who feels fate is against him, and through the
compassion of strangers finds the strength to reject
that thinking. It is not a dramatic story, nor a power-
ful one filled with miracles. It is the type of thing
that is happening all over our country as those out-
side realize the inmate 1s only human, and being hu-
man, is a social creature needing friendship and
understanding.

Because the subject relating the story is leaving
soon he has asked that his name not be revealed. In
accordance with this desire we use the name John
Doe.

Date: April 8, 1954
Time: 9:00 A.M.

To the man standing in front of the main gate,
Kastern State Penitentiary, Graterford, this was the
day of days. A few dollars in his pocket, new suit,
shoes, and a home and job to go forward to, with
four years of misery and confinement behind him.

“I only had 86 dollars in my pocket but I felt like
a million. In two hours I would be home, never again
to return to prison. Never, I repeated to myself,
never."

Arriving home, John found himself with several
complexes. He would see a person glance at him and
felt that it was because he had a prison air. Growing
side by side with this conviction was a sense of bitter-
ness, a feeling that society was cheating him. A
neighbor had a new car and house, but John Doe,
under the parole rules was not allowed to drive a ear,
let alone own one, while the ownership of property
was also denied him. During his period of confine-
ment his wife had divorced him, and now he found
that she had moved with their two children to a dis-
tant city."

“This was the crowning blow. Although I was
allowed to see my children by one law, the parole
laws prohibited my leaving the county I was living
in, let alone going to the mid-west where the children
were now living. The final touch was when I was
notified that my ‘‘Ex’’ was bringing suit for the
support of the children, despite the fact that I had
been sending her 25 dollars a week.”

The next month found Doe hiding out at the home
of an ex-convict friend, recuperating from an auto
crash in which the car had been virtually destroyed
except for fingerprints. Knowing that he was now
wanted he decided to run rather than surrender to a
return to prison. John was just one jump ahead of
the police, who raided his friend’s house the next day.

Two days of hitch-hiking took him to a large city
in Michigan, broke and hungry. An employment
ageney provided a job driving a bus, but here John
also ran into trouble.

‘‘The supervisor of the bus company asked if I
cculd pass the bonding tests, because while I was
learning, they would be checking my past record,
to make sure I was a good risk. I knew that once
someone started checking up it would only be a
matter of time until I was pinched, but I said yes my
record was clean and I could be bended.’’

Still lacking a home to go to, John was walking
away from the company that had just hired him
when he had his first stroke of good fortune. He was
passing a supermarket when an elderly lady came
out, her arms filled with packages.

“I said, here, I’m heading in your direction, let
me give you a hand. She was laughing as I took the
bags from her and remarked that I couldn’t be from
around those parts as no cne had ever given her a
hand before.’’

Doe admitted that he was from Philadelphia and
as they were walking mentioned that he had just
been hired by the transit company and also that he
was looking for a place to live. Impressed by his
kindness the woman offered the use of a guest room
in exchange for giving her husband, a cripple, a
helping hand around the house, in his spare time.
Arriving at the home of the woman, he was intro-
duced to her husband who also insisted he stay there.

“They were really wonderful people. They put me
at my ease, telling me not to be bashful and that I
should look upon their house as my own home, and
to be just as comfortable as I would be in my own
home.

"Actually, though I had thought I was being given
my board to help around the house and had visual-
ized endless hours of cleaning furnaces, painting and
maybe even scrubbing the floors, it turned out there
was very little to do. Most of the time I would sit
around in the evening and talk to the folks, and was
that enlightening. I always ccnsidered honest people
squares but now I found it was just the opposite.
They were always asking my opinion of things that
were happening in the news, and in self-defense I had
to read a lot, which opened my eyes. After awhile it
became a lot of fun for us to sit around and try to
figure out what the politicians were up tc, if the
Russians were trying to move into another country.
Once in a great while a crime would be mentioned
but these people didn’t condemn the criminal; they
seemed to feel sorry for him.

“Several times I almost told them of my past and I
think they would have been all for me. Maybe I could
have even got straightened out with the parole board.
Anyway, I just kept my mouth shut and enjoyed life
as it was, though I knew my free-lance parole was
coming closer to an end each day.’’

For the first time in his life John found eontent-
ment. Learning to be friendly with people, he found
they would in turn be friendly with him.

"The people I met through work and in the neigh-
borhood went cut of their way to put me at ease.
My first day on the job was a riot. I couldn’t remem-
ber the turns of the route and had to depend on my
passengers to sing out when it came time for me to
make a turn or stop. I never drove anything as big
as this bus. It held 52 seated passengers and was so
large that when I turned the corners I would be
around but these in the back of the bus would still
be on the other street.

"The day passed so fast that I still don’t know
where the time went. When I got home the folks had
lots of questions, like, how did it 20? What route did
I get? Did I hit anyone? and several hundred more.
As the days passed into weeks, I lost myself in my
job. What was so surprising to me was this. I’ve
often heard of some person retiring from such and
such a job after 35 years of service with the same
company. This I could never understand—someone
being on the same job 35 years, but now I know if
you find the job and enjoy it as I did, it’s very easy.

"I loved this job, but I knew this bonding company
was going to wreck my 35 year record before I had
hardly begun and was helpless to stop them. My mind
kept telling me to start running as soon as I got my
first week’s pay, but I always put it off until ‘‘next
week.’’ I returned with the bus one day after work
and was immediately handcuffed and taken to the
county jail to await Pennsylvania Parole Authorities.

"I'll soon be going out into society once again with
no parole, maximum sentence served by choice. Be-
cause of a trade offered to me while finishing my
sentence I hope to build a new future. The way I
feel this time is much better than before. Now I’m
aware people want to give the help I need and in
return need the help I can give."
