---
id: "603"
title: "Prisoners Cheered by Widow"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0029.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PRISONERS CHEERED BY WIDOW

Ft. Campbell, Ky. (AP)—For 17 years ‘‘Stockade
Annie,’’ a little old lady in a long black dress and vel-
vet throat band, has been visiting prisoners at the Ft.
Campbell stockade and area jails.

“I have a rare family,’’ she says. “‘Some are rob-
bers, some are murderers, some are thieves and some
are merely the victims of unfortunate circumstances.
But they are all my children.”

The spry 83-year-old widow with the pert hat and
white hair is believed to be the only woman with a
permanent no-restriction pass to a military stockade.

Her regular visits also take her to county jails at
Hopkinsville, Ky., and Clarksville, Tenn., and to the
penitentiary in Nashville.

Mrs. Anna Barr is the daughter of a planter and
the widow of a minister. She was educated by a gov-
erness and in private schools.

Her clothes are elegant but old. Her money is more
likely to go for ecards and flowers for her boys or for
the boys to send to others.

Annie’s gentle manner with prisoners can turn into
determined spunk when dealing with their jailers.

In the early days of Ft. Campbell, now home of the
erack 101st Airborne Division, she chatted with a
young soldier at the base hospital. He told her a
stockade guard had shot him through the leg.

With a flurry of skirts Annie stalked past gasping
aides and into the office of the general unannounced.

"Aren’t enough of our boys getting shot up over-
seas without you shooting them up here too?’’ She
demanded. She ended her lecture to the startled
general with a request for a pass to the stockade. He
said it was impossible.

She asked again every Sunday for a year. Finally
a temporary pass came through. Later the general
made it permanent.

Since, she has missed only two Sundays visiting
the stockade and making her weekly talks in the
chapel (no guards or officer allowed).

"I’m not a religious dame,’’ she says. “I simply
try to teach them there is something to hold onto, and
to hold onto them. I try to get them on speaking
terms with the man upstairs.’’

She has distributed some 55,000 copies of the 91st
Psalm which she had printed on small white folders.
she calls it The Soldier's Psalm. Recently shie
handed one to a veteran soldier in a bus station. He
pulled another, tattered and worn, from his breast
pocket. “ You gave this in 1943,” he said.

At the state prison she signs the "relationship”
column on the visitor’s registry as ‘‘mother.’’

"I'm the nearest thing to a mother a man has
there,’’ she says.

At 83 she isn’t slowing down. ‘‘I still have work
to do. The boys love me and I love them. Badness is
such a relative thing.’’
