---
id: "604"
title: "Tree of Education"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Tree of Education

by Robert F. Cullen

COMMENCEMENT PROGRAM

HIGH SCHOOL: 

WILLIAM BATTY
JOSEPH BATTEL
HERBERT ELLIOT
CHARLES ELLIS
WAYNE ELLIS
JOHN GRANDY

JEROME POSTER
BERNARD RASZKIEWICZ
SAMUEL SIMMONETTI
CHARLES TERRY
RALPH TIETJEN
BENJAMIN WATTS
HARRY ZIETZ

PRE-HIGH:

WILLIAM ARCHEY
TALMADGE MUNDY

JOSEPH MCCANT
GEORGE O’BRIEN

BAND SELECTIONS . . . . . . SCIPHA Band

INVOCATION: . . . . . . . Rev. John McHugh
                                      Catholic Chaplain

SALUTATIONS: . . . . . . Dr. Michael Morello
                                       Director of Treatment

ADDRESS: . . . . . . . .  Dr. Allen H. Wetter
                                    Superintendent of Schools
                                    Philadelphia District

SPEAKERS:  . . . . . . . .  Arthur T. Prasse
                                       Commissioner of Correction

                                       Harry A. Snyder, Ph. D.
                                       Educational Specialist
                                       Bureau of Correction

PRESENTATION OF DIPLOMAS:  William J. Banmiller
                                                        Superintendent, SCIPHA

BENEDICTION: . . . . . . . Rev. Josafat Curti

A precedent shattering event took place at this
institution last September. For the first time in
modern Eastern State Penitentiary history, a group
of Inmates were allowed to invite their relatives to
come inside the walls.

First to attend the graduation exercises of which
they were part, and then to talk to these same loved
ones without a wire mesh screen between them. The
favorable results of this experiment may influence
the setup of the new visiting room that is now in the
works. But this is only one of the benefits of the ac-
eclerated educational program.

As pointed out by one of the speakers, Arthur T.
Prasse, Commissioner of the Bureau of Correetion,
those who have applied themselves to the educational
program can expect to receive further consideration
during parole and commutation hearings.

Going along another path, Dr. Allen H. Wetter,
Superintendent of the Philadelphia Board of duca-
tion and the evening’s principal speaker pointed out
the advantages of an education in obtaining employ-
ment. He also stressed the greater world that is open
to a well read person. The ability to foresee future
happenings by past history, the thought provoking
philosophies of the past and the entertainment of
great novels.

In concluding his address, Dr. Wetter promised to
continue the cooperation he has shown in the past in
supplying text-books, school supplies, and in any
other way possible.

The next speaker on the program, Dr. Harry A.
Snyder, commended our Director of Education for
the role he has played in developing the current pro-
eram. Starting with a few ICS courses, Mr. Thomas
HH. Graham has expanded the educational plant to the
point where it can compete on a level with an ac-
eredited high school on the street.

Courses that have been taken include:

English I-IV
Bookkeeping I & II
Civics I
Latin I-IV
German I & II
Chemistry
World History
Business Arithmetic
Biology
Solid Geometry
Trigonometry
General Mathematics
Plain Geometry
General Science

Physiology & Health
French I-IV
Algebra I & II
Problems of Democracy
Commercial Law
Pennsylvania History
Mod. European History
Spanish I & II
American History
Economics
Physical Geography
Physics
Senior Science
Economic Geography

The amazing thing about the school is that there
are no “snap’’ courses. Gym, Music Appreciation,
etc., are all ruled out because of examination proced-
ure and the entire program Is given over to acquiring
an education in every sense of the word.

When cited for his endeavors, Mr. Graham asked
that the credit be shared with his teaching staff.
Among them are Mr. Burman, who has been helping
to guide the pre-high school group along with his
other classes in the senior high
school. Instructing the English
class, Mr. William Berg, Eastern’s
Social Service Director during the
day, has had maximum success
with a difficult and required sub-
ject, while Mr. Harry Gransback is
succeeding in his efforts to teach
General Science with a minute
amount of technical equipment.

The pre-high school efforts of
the men here are the primary in-
terest of Mr. Michael Montemuro,
who has managed to convey his
own enthusiasm to the academic
beginner. In the professional
trades, Mr. Israel Kurman has
opened new employment worlds
for the inmate with his classes in
upholstery, while Mr. Edward
McCoey continues to help further
the ambitions of those who desire
a printing career.

With a modern shop at his dis-
posal, Mr. Willing has given every-
one an opportunity to learn the
carpentry trade from the ground
up; an evidence of his success are
some of the display projects that
this group has worked on together
in the past year.

The Spanish class under the
tutelage of Rev. Josafat Curti has
progressed to such an extent that
our institution can almost be
classified as bilingual. The other
languages are also flourishing as
several men passed the tests for the complete four
year course in Latin, and a number of others have
taken and passed German. The only foreign tongue
that has not been conquered is French, but at least
one man is attempting that in the coming year.

The favorite class at the moment is bookkeeping
which has a complete “‘sell-out’’ as far as a waiting
list is concerned. Running a close second, the class in
Spanish also has a full quota while such diversified
subjects as Printing, Carpentry
and Upholstering are flooded with
applicants even though they are
extracurricular and give no eredit
toward a diploma.

The total enrollment of pupils
now exceeds the three hundred
mark, or over forty per cent of the
inmate population. With the ad-
ditions of more classrooms, Mr.
Graham anticipates more than two
thirds of the men inside to sign up
for one or more courses.

The main speakers at the com-
mencement exercises were the
eraduates themselves. As each man
went forward to receive his di-
ploma he became another silent
voice telling of man’s efforts to im-
prove himself under the most ad-
verse conditions. 

That these men still realize there
is more for them to learn has been
demonstrated when they continue
to take more high school subjects
even after graduation with some
gaining upwards of twenty aca-
demic units. A few others have
applied to certain colleges which
give grants to penal inmates and
one has been accepted while the
others are under consideration.

Then there are those men who
have paid for their own college
courses by using their small earn-
ings that would ordinarily be spent
on tobacco or the other luxuries of the gray world.
These men realize that the sacrifice they make now
will, as the bread cast upon the water, return a hun-
dredfold upon their release.
