---
id: "605"
title: "Philadelphia Evening Bulletin"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0031.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Philadelphia Evening Bulletin—
Saturday October 1, 1960

The word ‘‘Commencement’’ is al-
ways associated with school gradua-
tions. It has the connotation that the
student is starting out on a new phase
of his life when he receives his di-
ploma.

There was a sort of irony for 17
men at Cherry Hill, the old-time name
for the State Correctional Institution,
the penitentiary at 21st Street and
Fairmount Avenue. This week, they
were graduated, with diplomas, for
class work they had done in the prison,
but they had to go back to their cells.
They had some of the trimmings, such
as admiring family and guests, and a
lavish dinner. Mostly they had a hope
for the future.

They had of their own choosing,
spent spare time in their studies. All
were not youngsters, still familiar
with books and studies. Some were in
their 50’s, with not much to look for-
ward to. Some even were lifers. The
courses were given by teachers sent in
by the State Department of Instruc-
tion.

These men could have sulked or be-
come lost to hope, or, as others have
done, sharpened the dishonest skills
they could have picked up from other
hardened inmates. But they planned
better than that. Their industry in-
dicates they want something better.
Too much credit cannot be given them.

In Letters Column today is one
which speaks eloquently on the subject
of prison welfare and education. It
points out that Pennsylvania has al-
ways been in the forefront of advances
in penology. Certainly, teaching of
convicts is not new. But it has ad-
vanced, and can be advanced further,
short of coddling them. Rehabilitation
is another word for penance, a promise
to change one’s ways for the better.
