---
id: "607"
title: "The Story of Others, Inc. "
author: "Smith, Maurice Jr."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Story of Others, Inc.
by
Maurice Smith, Jr.

Many times we are asked to tell the story of
OTHERS, INC., at least those portions of the story
which are not contained in the various articles which
have been used by newspapers, magazines, and radio
and television programs, and reference is made in
literally hundreds of books concerning the work we
are doing.

It all originated in the year 1947. My brother,
William H. Smith, was talking to one of our cus-
tomers who resided in the Southland; and when men
get together, oftentimes they talk about other sub-
jects than the products that are bought and sold
by them.

Therefore, my brother, in talking to this gentle-
man, told him of the fringe benefits enjoyed by our
employees, as, for example, vacations and holidays
with pay, various types of insurance policies to pro-
tect them in the event of sickness or death or acci-
dent, Blue Cross and Physician’s Service, pensions,
in facet, just about everything for the protection and
well-being of the employees of the Bristol Manufac-
turing Corporation, Bristol, Rhode Island.

This customer of ours, who happened to be a very
loyal member of the Presbyterian Church, listened
with great interest; and then he said, ‘‘ Bill, you feel
that you folks in Bristol are doing a very good job in
aiding your own employees, and while I am not going
to dispute that fact, I think that if you are honest
with me and with yourself, all of this is being done
for the purpose of bringing about a better profit on
your profit and loss report each year. You want
loyal, satisfied employees; and if other people were
not doing very much the same as this, you certainly
would not do it either.’’

Then he said, ‘‘If you want to go the second mile
with the people of your community, I am going to
challenge you to engage the services of a clergyman
and have him available, not only for the employees
of your company, but for the people of your state
and probably the fringe areas of some of your adjoin-
ing states, more specifically, Massachusetts, and Con-
necticut.’’

This Southern gentleman happened to be a member
of the Southern Presbyterian Church, U.S., and he
added: ‘‘You have all kinds of departments at
Bristol—industrial relations, public relations, person-
nel relations. I feel that this department should be
known as, ‘The Department of Christian Relations.’ "

My brother didn’t sleep very much coming home
on the Pullman train that night; and when he arrived
in Bristol, he came to my office immediately and told
me of this incident and asked me what I thought of
it. I told him, without giving the matter any further
thought, that I considered it a wild, fantastic idea.
He was suggesting that we do the work of 4 social
service agency or a chureh; but when he suggested
that I pray about it, I did, and it was only a matter
of a few days when we engaged the services of Rey.
Dale D. Dutton, and our Department of Christian Re-
lations was launched.

When Reverend Dutton tendered his resignation
to his church—and by the way, Bill and I were mem-
bers of that church—a newspaper reporter was pres-
ent; and the incident found itself on the front page
of the Providence Morning Journal the next day.
And then in hours the Associated Press, United Press,
and International News Service had sent the story
all over the world, and very thoroughly throughout
our country.

I would like to suggest at this time that we tried to
suppress the information, because it was never our
thought that we would go beyond the boundaries of
the state of Rhode Island and perhaps a little bit in
the nearby sections of Massachusetts and perhaps in
Connecticut ; and we conceived of our work as being
more of a personalized work in which the Reverend
Dutton would render service where such was re-
quired.

But we soon learned that man proposes and God
disposes, and we could not control the spread of the
information through newspapers, later on magazines,
radio programs, television programs, and also in
many books.

Now, I would like to mention just a word or two
about my own contact with this Department of Chris-
tian Relations. At that time I was president of the
Bristol Manufacturing Corporation. We employed
somewhere in the neighborhood of eight hundred
men and women. It was furthest from my thoughts
that I would participate in this in any way. So when
letters started to pour into Bristol from people from
all over the world, I packed my bag and took a trip
to the Middle West, thinking perhaps that I might
escape any personal work; and I gave Reverend
Dutton the letters and told him to take care of them.

But leaving Bristol and going to Chicago was not
the answer, because my friends in Chicago had read
about this new Department of Christian Relations in
Chicago newspapers. The Chicago newspaper re-
porters got hold of me in the hotel. So I decided the
best thing I could do would be to return to Bristol
and start answering letters.

The letters indicated in as many words, or at least
the inference was there, that the people writing us
had problems which they could not solve, and they
asked assistance; and we soon found that we were
professional problem-solvers.

It immediately recognized my own personal inabil-
ity to cope with some of these problems, and I know
that the Reverend Dutton did also. So we did the
most normal and natural thing that Christians should
do, and that was to seek the guidance and help of
God, or to put it another way, we asked God to take
over our lives so that the thought that we expressed
would not be our thoughts but His thoughts; and
after that happened, solving problems did not become
the tremendous chore that it would have been had
we attempted to do the work without His help.

Space will not permit giving a complete report of
the individual problems, but we have found that
problems automatically divide themselves into quite
a few types; and we will give you a brief deseription
of those types. They are as follows:

1. Fundamentally, we have learned from experi-
ence that the most serious problem facing the United
States of America, in fact, the world today is in the
home, and it is regrettable that more attention is not
given by the Christian Church to this very important
phase of our American life.

Many folks feel that father and mother being
Christians, that is sufficient; and that is quite a bit
away from the truth.

We will not deny for a moment that both the man
and the woman in the home should be Christian, but
they should be understanding Christians, understand-
ing in that they are able to properly train their chil-
dren, because up to the age of ten years is the forma-
tive period in the child’s life; and as that young twig
is bent, so it will grow.

We overlook the fact that no two children are pre-
cisely alike, so therefore, it requires careful study,
individualized effort.

This is a problem which should be handled by our
individual churches, probably through the engage-
ment of a Christian psychologist or psychiatrist, to
work with young parents or boys and girls who have
not yet entered into this estate of matrimony. This is
fundamental and probably the most important prob-
lem which faces America today.

2. Penal institutions. Men and women are sent
to penal institutions for a large variety of crimes, but
in studying the reasons why crimes were committed,
we find that in a large percentage of cases it is due
to improper influences in the home; and again we
refer back to No. 1, the influence of a home.

We have found, however, that a constructive piece
of work can be done with many of the men. We don’t
even attempt to say that this can be attributed to
psychopathic personalities, which make them so emo-
tionally unstable that they oftentimes have no con-
trol over their behavior.

But as the result of much investigation, we have
found that when a man finds Christ in prison as his
Savior and his Lord and then upon being paroled is
sponsored by a Christian man or Christian group of
men who take an interest in him to the extent of get-
ting him a job, seeing that he lives in a good home,
accept him into church fellowship, the opportunity
of failure is practically nil.

We have tried this in about a thousand cases, and
we only have record of upwards of ten men who have
failed us; and of these ten, we are still working with
50 per cent of them, who got in touch with us just
as soon as they were returned to confinement as the
result of parole-breaking.

A popular magazine made the statement not so
long ago that a census was taken of five hundred em-
ployers of labor, and they were asked if they would
employ a man who had served time in prison; and
over four hundred said they would not. Think of it:
Over 80 per cent of the men claimed that they would
not employ a man who had served time in any place
of detention.

Past performances probably justify them in mak-
ine that statement; but when one realizes that ac-
cording to our own experiences it is safe to employ
a Christian man—and our files are filled with evi-
denees of this—, then we are aware that something
can be done.

We feel that an organization similar to Alcoholics
Anonymous, the membership, however, to consist of
men who formerly served time in prison, is the
answer. To this organization, men who are coming
out on parole would find refuge and would aeccom-
plish for them just exactly what is needed to help
them to make a good parole. Quite needless to say,
there should be a definite spiritual foundation to this
organization.

3. People in mental institutions. There is a feel-
ing among many people that there is little use of
ministering to men and women who are mentally un-
well. We have found that to be definitely untrue, and
it has been our experience that calls and letters ac-
complish much; and we always must keep in mind,
“The prayer of a righteous man availeth much.’’ It
has been our privilege to see some marvelous cures
made through the co-operation of psychiatry and
Christianity. 

4. Alcoholism. Oftentimes this is a product of an
unfavorable home relationship. Furthermore, alco-
holism frequently leads to mental disturbance and
crime.

5. Drug addiction. Everything that we have said
in connection with alcoholism applies with equal
foree to men and women who become slaves to the
use of various types of drugs, but we are also glad to
say that there are places where such men can go; but
may we add that there should be a more militant at-
titude on the part of Christian men and women to-
ward this very serious problem which faces America.

6. Financial. Unfortunately, there are altogether
too many problems under this general category, and
for the most part, the people who contact us are fun-
damentally at fault for their own difficulties.

Now, that may not be true in every case, but I am
taking averages now and not specific instances.

In many instances companies have been saved from
bankruptey by a few well-chosen thoughts either
made by OTHERS or by some Christian man living
in the neighborhood of our inquirer.

More specifically, we take care of business financial
problems, home problems, personal problems; in fact,
any place or condition where either the lack of money
or the poor use.of money is a factor has been referred
to us.

It is quite needless to say that a very large number
of the people who have written us have found relief
as the result of suggestions.

7. Immorality. Again we refer to paragraph No. 1
as the major reason for juvenile delinqueney and
even adult delinquency. To one who has not studied
the various types of immorality and sex perversion,
we heartily suggest that you procure a book written
by some good Christian doctor. It will really be an
enlightenment to you if you do so.

But we have found again that those things that are
impossible with man are possible with God; and re-
markable improvements, and even entire corrections,
have been made, many of which are truly remarkable,
which again brings out the fact that this is very
definitely the work of the Lord and is im all ways
deeply spiritual.

8. Incapacitated or partially incapacitated peo-
ple. They seem to be the forgotten members of society.
Many of them are bitter, and well they might be, be-
cause they are out of sight, and therefore, out of
mind; and yet they are people and deserve the at-
tention of Christian men and women. Furthermore,
some of the partially incapacitated people are em-
ployable, and much can be done by industry and
commercial enterprises to make this possible. Untor-
tunately, Christian people as a whole are not in the
foreground on this very important matter.

9. Sickness. It is amazing how many people in
this country are ill, but because of lack of funds they
do not know how they ean get medical attention;
and it can be done in every community.

Doctors, as a whole, are willing to render assis-
tance. It is safe to say that regardless of where a
person is loeated, if he is ill and he needs medical as-
sistance and he has no money to pay for it, he can
get it. . . .

Well now, we have given you as briefly as possible
the problems which have faced us. There are others,
many, many personal problems, and it would be sim-
ply impossible to give in condensed form; but I feel
that it is in order to tell you something more about
OTHERS, INC., before concluding this report .

Reverend Dutton was with us from the beginning
of the year 1947 until the latter part of the year 1949,
at which time he took an assignment in behalf of our
Department of Christian Relations in a chureh; and
the bulk of the work fell upon me.

He stayed with that church for about a year and
then had a leave of absence for another year. Then
he resigned on December 31, 1951, and took the pas-
torate of the church.

Because of the character of the work that he was
doing, which was so definitely different, he was hon-
ored by two colleges, securing degrees of D.D. and
L.L.D. After a short pastorate of this church, he
passed to his reward on November 1, 1952. So since
that time, acting as Chairman of the Board of Trus-
tees I have conducted the work of OTHERS, INC.,
working in conjunction with a staff of girls and vol-
unteer assistants all over the world, because we be-
lieve that after an initial letter is written, it is desir-
able to select a proper person to follow through on a
problem.

We have received about 200,000 letters in the last
eleven and a half years. All letters have been an-
swered, and there have been no form letters. Hach
one is an individual letter, because it answers an
individual problem.

We ean give no estimates whatsoever of the num-
ber of personal calls which have been made. I have
traveled as chairman of the Board of Trustees hun-
dreds of thousands of miles.

So briefly, that is the work of OTHERS, INC.
Questions will be cheerfully answered, and this but
briefly describes the scope of our work.
