---
id: "608"
title: "In Appreciation"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ln Appreciation

PLUMBING SHOP

There is a series of labyrinthian tunnels beneath
the steel and conerete floors of this medieval bastille,
which although actually only 135 years old, has the
appearance of an old feudal castle. These tunnels
have rarely been seen by other than the security per-
sonnel and oceasionally by an inmate working detail.

The plumbing and heating inmate crews are at the
moment busily engaged in connecting a maze of pipes
in these tunnels which will eventually bring hot
water to all cells. This is a long awaited event that
will be weleomed by all concerned.

The subterranean working area is so cramped that
maneuverability is limited; and this, coupled with
the intense heat of 100 to 180 degrees, makes it one
of the least desirable jobs in the institution.

Since this issue of the Echo is dedicated to all those
who have helped the inmates, let the plumbing crew
be likened to Abou Ben Adhem who discovered that
his name led all the rest for they are doing a tough,
dirty, hot and thankless job, under the most adverse
conditions.

Our Ten Cellar Dwellers are:

Marvin Berkenstock, John Gemberling, Paul Giar-
dano, George Campbell, Edward Koko, Ernest Bo-
lognese, Donald Dunn, Floyd Jackson, Herbert Allen
and Mr. George Flad, the genial instructing engineer,
whose guiding hand directs, mstructs, encourages
and perspires along with his charges.

Well done gentlemen, and I mean hot and well
done.

PRINTING SHOP

While the Xmas holly and mistletoe of apprecia-
tion are being tossed about, let a few petals fall on
the shoulders of the men in the Print Shop who have
been so instrumental in the success of the Echo. A
holly sprig each to Mr. Al French, Jr., our general
supervisor, and Mr. Paul Stilly of the Procurement
Department.

William Conrey ___________ Linotype
Joseph McNulty _________ Pressman
Joseph Hoffman _________ Pressman
David Andrews __________ Stoneman
Robert Yurkin ___________ Stoneman
George Tucker __________ Estimator
Al Hewitt _________ Hand Compositor
James MacDonald _____ Paper Cutter
David Valimont ________ Paper Cutter
Michael Hudak __________ Pressman
Felix Capone ___________ Pressman
James Jackson _____________ Clerk
Daniel Bolish _____________ Bindery
George Leon _____________ Bindery
Salty Powell ___________ Stockroom
Jesse Young ___________ Stockroom
David Almeida _________ Stock Clerk
Al Raskiewicz ___________ Machinist
Harvey Coxhead ________ Tool Room
John Wallis ___________ Proofreader
