---
id: "609"
title: "Sports Desk"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0035.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The
SPORTS
DESK

Joseph McNear, editor

Reporters—Henry Saby and Alvin Young

Chess Reporter—Norman Harman

ONE BLOCK BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION
MIDGETS WIN FIRST HALF WITH 19 WINS AND 6
LOSSES

On September 18, the winter season for the O.B.B.A., got off
to a flying start as the first 48 minutes of play proved to be
the pattern for the first half with the Midgets coming from be-
hind to win and start a six game streak.

In second place with a final total of 10 wins and 15 defeats
the Tigers saw their hopes go down the drain with the hospital-
ization of several key players. The third place Warriors, con-
ceding the first part of the season, started experimenting in
hopes of taking the second phase of the tourney and ended with
10 wins and 16 defeats.

Mid-way through the first half, a new team entered the league
as a number of old-timers emerged from retirement. The Pop-
pers had to accept the record of the last place team and coupled
with a few losses taken in the process of becoming a unit finished
with 16 losses as against 10 wins.

BRIEF GLANCES AT THE TEAMS IN THE
FIRST HALF

The Midgets—Mgr. Bob! "Irish" Cullen
Co-Capt. Bob Gerlack
Co-Capt. Art Pfrommer

Led by the high scoring of Bob Gerlack, who averaged 33
points through the first 8 games, the Midgets were never out of
first place. Handling the backboards’ Art Pfrommer, was a one
man gang while his fellow forward, Jimmy Daye, at five foot
seven, still managed to get his share of the rebounds and start
the fast break that devastated the opposition. In the guard
spots, Irish was the teams playmaker while Frank Smith, a de-
fensive wizard, gave the team the balance of a champion.

Heading the strong alternate unit Junius ‘Palo’ Lang was a
bear on the boards while Norman Harmon played any position
with equal skill. Bill ‘‘Bo’’ Breaker was a threat at center until
he suffered a sprained ankle and was cut of action for the major
part of the season.

The Tigers—Megr. Bill Parmer
                     Capt. George Miketish

With Parmer hitting at a 27ppg clip in the center spot and
Bob Manny racking up another 20 a game from the corners the
Tigers were the team to beat until both men were stricken by
injuries. The scoring burden then passed on to Joe ‘‘Lump-
Lump’’ Winters and C. C. Clark, both of whom were better than
average outside shooters. Unfortunately, scoring wasn’t enough
to halt the opposition as the backboard had to be handled by one
man, Whitney Rosenzweig. Acting Mgrs. Miketish and Johnny
Downs did a creditable job of holding down their taller opposites
but encountered foul trouble in a number of games, while Jim
‘‘Blip’’ Fleming and Don McGinley were only available for a
few games. The chances are this team will pick up in the second
half with the addition of a stellar guard, Mickey Taylor, and
two transter players, Palo and Juice. Bob Manny will take
over the reins of command until Bill Parmer returns to action.

The Warriors—Megr. Harry Zietz
              Capt.—Louis Straccioni

A novice when the season began, Zietz quickly picked up the
finer points of the game and finished with a total of 418 points,
to grab off third spot in the league points column. Under the
boards for the Warriors, Juice and Dave Gibbs were two demous
at snaring rebounds and blocking the other team’s shots while
in the backeourt sparkplugs Scratch and fellow guard Alfonso
Barroso, the leagues two smallest men, excelled in outside shoot-
ing and harrassing the offense of the opposing team. Heading
the bench, Charley Whiting, and J. D. Ditters were the firemen
who were called in to quench the flame when the other team got
hot hands. Three new additions, Bob Higgins, ace rebounder,
Johnny Lujack, who will manage this second half and Joe
Russo, a slickster guard, have given the Warriors a good shot
at the league crown.

The Poppers—Megr. Herman ‘‘Sugar’’ Cable
                        Capt.—Mike Connerly

Like ghosts out of the past the Poppers may haunt the other
teams as Joe Corvi, Mike Connerly, John Bauceo and several
others return to the game of roundball after several years ab-
sence. Corvi and Bauceo combine aggressiveness with height
to more than match the rebounding strength of their opponents,
while a tyro at the center spot, Big Bob Medina is constantly
improving. In the backcourt Sugar teamed up with two quick
handed teammates, Swifty Almeida and Connerly to give the
team a steady attack. Frank Sisak, is expected to form another
scoring threat as he is joined by a neweomer, Charles Gindle, a
speedster in the backcourt.

| Player             | F.G. | F.T. | F.M. | Tot. Pts. | Gms. | Avg. |
| Bob Gerlack        | 231  | 62   | 30   | 492       | 20   | 24.6 |
| Art Pfrommer       | 169  | 154  | 86   | 424       | 24   | 17.7 |
| Harry Zietz        | 188  | 87   | 42   | 418       | 24   | 17.4 |
| Charles C. Clark   | 180  | 81   | 43   | 403       | 18   | 22.3 |
| Bob Cullen         | 174  | 118  | 55   | 403       | 24   | 16.8 |
| James Wilson       | 121  | 112  | 47   | 289       | 16   | 18.0 |
| Joe 'Lump' Winters | 122  | 51   | 28   | 272       | 18   | 15.1 |
| Whitney Rosenzweig | 110  | 78   | 33   | 253       | 21   | 12.0 |
| John Downs         | 99   | 39   | 30   | 228       | 26   | 8.3  |
| Manny Madronal     | 102  | 37   | 15   | 219       | 11   | 19.9 |
| Fonzzy Barosso     | 98   | 36   | 15   | 211       | 20   | 15.5 |
| Bill Parmer        | 88   | 20   | 13   | 189       | 7    | 27.0 |
| Frank Smith        | 82   | 33   | 11   | 175       | 19   | 9.2  |
| Jimmy Daye         | 64   | 49   | 26   | 154       | 19   | 8.1  |
| Dave Gibbs         | 55   | 66   | 22   | 132       | 14   | 9.4  |
| George Miketish    | 57   | 19   | 14   | 128       | 22   | 5.8  |
| Junius 'Palo' Lang | 57   | 37   | 12   | 126       | 9    | 14.0 |
| Lou Straccioni     | 54   | 36   | 18   | 126       | 11   | 11.4 |
| Charley Whiting    | 57   | 16   | 8    | 122       | 16   | 7.6  |
| Sugar Cable        | 54   | 18   | 4    | 122       | 7    | 16.0 |
| Bob Higgins        | 37   | 25   | 11   | 85        | 5    | 17.0 |
| Bob Medina         | 21   | 51   | 19   | 61        | 7    | 8.7  |
| Joe Corvi          | 21   | 20   | 6    | 48        | 6    | 8.0  |
| Frank Sisak        | 22   | 9    | 3    | 47        | 8    | 5.9  |
| Jim Fleming        | 16   | 8    | 6    | 38        | 2    | 19.0 |
| Mickey Taylor      | 15   | 22   | 4    | 34        | 5    | 6.8  |
| Don McGinley       | 11   | 23   | 11   | 33        | 4    | 8.3  |
| Norman Harman      | 13   | 14   | 6    | 32        | 6    | 5.3  |
| Mike Connerly      | 9    | 13   | 6    | 24        | 8    | 3.0  |
| Jim Dittert        | 9    | 9    | 3    | 21        | 15   | 1.4  |
| Dave Almeida       | 8    | 10   | 5    | 21        | 5    | 4.2  |
| Bo Breaker         | 3    | 2    | 0    | 6         | 1    | 6.0  |
| Joe Jusso          | 1    | 1    | 1    | 3         | 1    | 3.0  |

The. League wishes to extend its appreciation to Big Mack
Averette, Rob Watson, and Joe Barlow for their generosity in
giving up their own yard out to referee the games and keep
the statistics.

Since all statistics were tabulated before the last game of the
first half, new additions to teams may not have been listed but
will appear in the next issue of the Echo.
