---
id: "611"
title: "Eastern Basketball League"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
EASTERN BASKETBALL LEAGUE

Basketball at E.S.P. took on a new trend because it is now
under the direction of Mr. Thompson, the Athletic Director.

The start of this league had five teams but two folded up and
the eligible players were divided among the remaining teams
who are playing good ball.

The team in the top spot at the moment is the Panthers.
Managed by a player who is considered by many to be Eastern’s
best player, Billy Holley, this team works as a well oiled unit.
A. combination of the fast break and a lot of hustle on the part
of Donnie Wise, the top rebounder; Dave Croxton, an all-around
player; Earl Brown, a globetrotter from way back and Smiley,
Preacher and Joe, has enabled the Panthers to forge ahead in
the pennant race. Not to be dis-counted in this team effort is
Wheeler, a good outside shooter, who has been jokingly referred
to as the Hatchet Man because of the number of times he
fouled out.

The second place team is under the watchful eyes of Little
Mack who has begun to play more and has regained his shooting
form of previous years. Helping out in the scoring is Harry
Flicker, a very good shooter and team player, who is also adept
at setting up the play. Then there is the best rebounder in the
league, William Barnes, who possesses a fine jump shot. Helping
Barnes under the board is Big Bernard, better known as ‘‘The
Brute,’’ 220 lbs. of aggressive rebounding strength. Crazy Herb
has the craziest hook shot on the team and in the league. Al
Shepard and Woody are not only leading in team scoring but are
heading the rest of the teams for that honor. Unfortunately
there isn’t enough ball for both of them which leads to some
conflict. At present there is only one solution—put two basket-
balls on the court. Norman, Franny and All American Joe
Massanova make up the rest of the team called the Mystics, who
have a press-time record of 12-8.

In last place are the Spartans managed by Blacky Battel, who
will ruin the other teams at times, but has a knack for being a
dribbler. However, he offsets this flaw with his hustling and a
good jump shot. Big Jim, who also has been called Shotgun is
the League’s best at a one hand set shot, barring none. Jim
helped with the rebounding along with his counterpart at for-
ward, Shakey Young, who seems to be concentrating on arguing
with the referees instead of playing. Shakey is a good hustler,
shoots well and is definitly an asset on the boards if only he can
keep cool. Kd Bogardus, the big center for the Spartans is al-
ways in there getting that ball and scoring, along with Roosevelt
who is a bang-up player. The field general is O’Brien, who is
always trying to settle the team down. Billy Carter and Midge
are the alternates of the Spartans, who are starting to click and
will finish the season with a better record than the 8 wins and 10
losses they now have.

Here and there in the League.

Woody will probably wear out several pair of arms in this
lifetime because he shoots so much.

Shep is the league’s bad boy.

Holley is the quietest player in the league.

Big Jim has ‘‘Shotgun’’ on his jersey. (How true, How true.)

O’Brien is the defense of the Spartans and Blackie is a drib-
ble fanatic who watches the ball. (Strange).

Little Mac is kinda petulant to be a manager. 5 Techs so far,
two costing the game.

Barnes and Herb quit every time they lose a game.

Donnie is losing his game by being too cute.

Fricker is still the greatest.

David J. Brinkley is an ace statistician.

TOP TEN SCORERS
Player    Pts.    Gms.    Avg.
Woody     446     20      22.3
Al Shep   264     19      19.1
Donnie    307     18      17.6
Big Jim   301     20      15.5
Holley    294     20      15.5
Barnes    267     15      17.8
Shakey    208     16      13.0
Bogardus  198     15      13.5
Jake      175     15      11.6
Fricker   160     19       8.4


See you at the next writing.
