---
id: "613"
title: "The College Basketball Scene"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE. COLLEGE BASKETBALL SCENE

NOTE—Normally the institutional sports take up the three
pages we devote to sports but things are a little slow lately and
we’ve asked a local basketball buff, Bob Cullen, to give his views
on the college scene.
—Joe McNair

For the past three years the campus basketball scene has
been dominated by the Missouri Valley Conference as Cinnein-
nati, Bradley and St. Louis rolled over their outside competition.
But gone is Oscar Robinson and Ralph Davis from the Bearcat
five while the Peoria fans will no longer see Bobby Joe Mason,
and stellar guard Dan Owens. St. Louis, with the graduation of
four starters, has only a fair chance of staying in the top
twenty. For what it’s worth here’s how I pick the top twenty.

1. Ohio State—With 6-9 Jerry Lucas roaming the backboards
and Larry Siegfried and John Havlicek treating the opposition
as offensively as they can, the Buckeyes should romp through an
undefeated season and take the N. C. A. A. crown for good
measure.

2. St. Johns—The only problem here is whether coach Joe Lap-
chick will decide to go after the N. C. A. A. honors at the end
of the season, or will he be content with the N. I. T. Laurels.
With All-American Tony Jackson getting a lot of help from
6-9 Leroy Ellis the Holiday festival is already in the bag for the
Redmen.

3. Kentucky— The Wildeats only have two important hold-
overs from last year’s team; Bill Lickert will guide the team on
the floor while that old fox Adolph Rupp will still be calling the
shots from the sidelines. Hurting a little from last year’s losses,
the Baron of the Bluegrass country has no sympathy to spare for
anyone and should run over everyone in the S. H. C.

4. Indiana—The only chance of an Ohio State upset rests on
on the shoulders of Walt Bellamy and his Hoosier teammates.
At 6-11 Walt has plenty of height to match Lucas, and if classy
Gordon Mickey can live up to the press notices he had two years
back, there may be some big upsets in the making.

5. Povidence—In‘58 Providence had not; two years later they
still ‘‘had not,’’ but it’s Jim Hadnot now, and team this 6-10
Giant up with the best little man around, Johnny Egan, and they
could beat any team in the country. The only trouble is they
usually play the nation’s best, away from home, and that’s a
tough job for any five.

6. Miami of Florida—Every year sees a dark horse and this
could very well be the one in ’61. With little Dick Hickox
up front and a transfer, Tim McCoy, an even seven feet, the
Hurricanes could cause more damage than a real storm.

7. Cinncinati—Still powerful, the Bearcats may claw the hopes
of a lot of teams as Paul Hogue, still growing at 6-9, and Sandy
Pomerantz team up with Mel Landfried and a powerful group
of Juniors.

8. Bradley—Another M. V. C. contender, the mob from Peoria
has mighty Chet Walker to lead them and. that’s almost enough
in itself to give enemy coaches nightmares.

9. West Virginia—-Now that Jerry’s headed West, there my be
less gold in them thar hills, but it’s still gold as Jim Ritchie,
Lee Patrone and Joe Posch give the Mountaineer’s a balanced
attack.

10. Utah—The Redskins have Billy McGill 6-9, and that could
add up to a lot of scalps. A speedy offense (and who needs to
worry about defense?) will be Coach Jack Gardener’s motto
for '61.

A brief glance at the second ten.

11. Kansas State—Watch out for a seven foot sophomore who
may make it big.

12. St. Bonny’s—They could go up, they could go down, but bet
they ll make it known when their in town.

13. Purdue—Terry Dischinger can’t do it all alone, so wait ‘til
next year.

14. Villanova—Hubie White with the help of some big sophs
means the city title.

15. Louisville—Just the name will win some games as Fred
Sawyer 6-11, Bud Olsen 6-7 and John Turner 6-5 tower over
opposition.

16. LaSalle—Coach Dudey Moore is the difference here.

17. N.C. State—Junior John Key may open the lock to the win
Column.

18. Texas—The Longhorns may stampede through the S. W. C.

20. Seton Hall—Returning to the limelight after a long absence.

ALL-AMERICA FIVE

Jerry Luens               Billy McGill
      6-9                            6-9
 Ohio State                    Utah

                 Jim Hadnot
                      6-10
                 Providence

Tony Jackson            Terry Dischinger
       6-4                              6-6
  St. Johns                       Purdue
