---
id: "614"
title: "Eastern Football League"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0038.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Eastern Football League

Currently leading the league with five wins and no defeats,
the Panthers, under the guidance of Norman Pearson are having
a banner season. Dave Croxton, veteran quarterback, operates
from a tight ‘‘T’’ formation that features the running of three
of Eastern’s swiftest halfbacks, Nick, Dennis and Holley.
"Bread and butter’’ man for the Panthers is Shakey Young, a
bull in the fullback spot.

Keeping the opposition honest and spreading the secondary,
Big Jim, Donnie Wise, and Blackie Battles are constant scoring
threats. These three also act as a main line of defense in the
line backing and secondary of their own team.

The Panther line, while not heavy, is exceedingly mobile and is
built around All-Eastern Center, Junior Creditt. Flanking him
at the guard spots are Midge and Tate, while Bernard and
Jordan are the ban of enemy backs in the tackle slots.

Two alternates insure the Panthers of a winning season as
Socrates Cantoral can move into the quarterback slot or a half-
back position with ease, and the toe of Turk Baity is always an
important factor in a punting game.

In second place, Pal Lang’s team has had several tough
breaks that set back their hopes of a league crown. Roosevelt
Grant suffered a leg injury, and without his explosive power the
backfield was dependent on speed alone.

A versatile quarterback, Billy Hallowell, was expected to
push this team into first place, but after getting them off to a
good start he had to retire for the season, while rookie end
Danny Gundaker also saw limited action.

Handling the halfback spots, Pal and Corky were also plagued
with slight injuries that were painful enough to throw off the
precision timing this team had hoped for.

Mickey Taylor called the plays and gave an excellent account
of himself on the option with several long runs while Barney
Kelly acted as a blocking back.

On the line, an old pro, Hill Billy, was a defensive ace in the
center and had the help of two fine guards, Tim and Russell
Brooks. At the tackle slots, Joe Miller and Jr. Williams have
the brush blocks down to a science while they help form a solid
wall on defense.

End spots feature a rookie and a sophomore with Tony Capone
starting his first year and Carl Blessing, a sure handed back
from last year, moving into Right and Left ends respectively.

The last place team, Rob Watson’s eleven, have had some
terrible bounces of the ball go against them and coupled with the
breaks, is the fact that Big Mack gave up a few games in order
to help out the One Block Basketball Assn, by refereeing their
games. Taking over his spot was Bob Higgins who is a little
light for the fullback job, but has a lot of drive.

In the quarterback slot, Rob is a veteran of many years and
gets the most out of his team, while two other power runners,
Massey and Rob Irwin do a workmanlike job in the halfback
positions.

On the line, Rice is the team leader, operating out of the
center. He takes over as linebacker on defense. David ‘‘Pinky"
Andrews operates as either halfback or tackle depending on
where he is needed, while the other tackle position features an
old stalwart, Pencil Willie.

Protecting the center of the line, Big Dave, the ‘‘Iron Man,’’
and Hose are almost impenetrable.

On the right end, Crazy Herb and Robinson alternate, while
Shoulders has the left end position to himself.

A strong bench features A.A. Joe as left halfback, Bob
Lightkep a stellar tackle, Blue an alternate right guard, and
Greene who can replace either tackle or center at a moments
notice.

PANTHERS BREAK EASTERN RECORD AS THEY
SMASH OPPOSITION 45-0 ,

In the highest scoring contest of this or any other vear, the
Panthers marched up and down the field for a total of 7 touch-
downs and 3 conversions.

Heading the scoring parade was Big Shakey who crossed the
goal three times to lead his team to their fifth straight win.
Billy Holley, a speedster, slashed through the line for a six
point and then made the extra point on a quick opener-off
tackle.

Going to the air, Dave Croxton threw a twenty yard bullet to
Blacky Battle for another six points, while Donnie and Turk
piled on the abuse with two more tallies.

There are some who say that the Panthers, like the N.Y.
Yankees, should be broken up. They may be right.

Norman’s Team

FB Shakey Young
HB Billy Holley
HB Turk
LE Big Jim
RT Bernard
RG Midge
C Junior
RG Norman
QB Saulky

QB Dave Croxton
HB Dennis
HB Nick
RE Donnie Wise
LT Jordan
LG Tate
RT Salty
LT Blackie, Def. Line Back

Rob Watson’s Team

QB Rob Watson 
HB Massey 
HB Rob Erwin 
FB Big Mack 
HB Higgins
HB Pinky 
HB Crazy Herb 
HB Robinson 
RG Blue 

RE Shoulders
RT Pencil Wille
LT Pitt
RG Hose
LG Big Dave
C Rice
HB A.A. Joe
LE Bob Lightkep
RT Greene

Pals Team
QB Mickey Ttaylor 
FB Roosevelt 
HB Palo Lang 
HB Corky 
RE Carl Blessing 
LE Tony Capone 
RG Russell Brooks 

LG Tim
RT Joe Miller
LT Jr. Williams
C Hill Billy
Q Little Mac
RE Al Shep
HB Barney Kelly
