---
id: "615"
title: "Guest Who"
author: "Bogardus, Edward"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "4"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1960_body0039.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
Guest Who?

by
Edward Bogardus

Christmas eve had arrived,
And the crowd had gathered,
For the arrival of a hero,
Was all that mattered.

The runways were cleared,
And the jet was in sight,
And only seconds had passed,
When he came out of the night.

Dignitaries had gathered,
To honor their guest,
And welcome him warmly,
He, so long without rest.

The crowd was in turmoil,
And excitement ran high,
For they all wanted to see,
This man from the sky.

They had waited for hours,
To see him appear,
Children and adults,
From far and near.

A shout could be heard,
A speech we do want,
Please come out of the plane,
And step to the front.

A platform was set,
A microphone, too,
And everything was now ready,
For you know who?

The mayor and his party,
Entered the jet,
And words were exchanged,
As everyone met.

Newspapermen ready,
Pencil in hand,
To record the words,
Of this jolly old man.

Speculation ran high,
As to what he might say,
Bets could be had,
That it would be jolly and gay.

His promises were always,
As good as gold,
And his generosity was forever,
Being told.

If today were election,
He would surely win,
For to vote for another,
Would be worse than a sin.

Preparations were complete,
And the band played a number,
And you could tell from the crowd,
They were not ready for slumber.

And there in the doorway,
Stood our guest at last,
Whose legends have lived,
From long in the past.

His face looked the same,
As his pictures had shown,
And there was no mistake,
He was widely known.

The crowd grew silent,
As he was about to say,
The words they had waited for, —
This very long day.

Merry Christmas to all,
And to all good night,
And with those few words,
He was gone from sight.

For you see our guest,
Who is Santa Claus,
Is ever so busy,
He has no time to pause.

And so we say to you,
With a heart full of cheer,
A very Merry Christmas,
And a Happy New Year.
