---
id: "619"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Vol. 5   No. 2
Eastern Echo
ECHO STAFF

James “MIKE” Situ, Editor 
Robert F. CULLEN, Managing Editor 
Joseph McNeair, Sports Editor 
Thomas WILLIAMS, Feature Editor 
WALTER STEPPER, Photographer 

Henry Myers, Associate Editor
ANDRE PASCHEDAG, Associate Editor
Francis A. Murphy, Circulation Manager
Paul W. Hackett, Copyreader
Nicholas B. Harper, Joseph Brown, Staff Writers

Editorial                                     James “Mike” Smith   2
From The Superintendent’s Desk       William J. Banmiller, Supt.   3
On Stone Casting                         Michael von Moschzisker   4
Thou Shalt Not Kill                               Spencer Walden   6
After Sentence                                       Thomas Reed   8
Barred Attorney                                       Irvin Sell  10
The Bail System and Equal Justice                    Caleb Foote  12
Society and the Ex-Convict                      V. Mareus DeMaio  14
The Citizens Role in the Improvement of
                           Criminal Law  Herman J. Pollock, Esq.  16
Counselors, Please Rise                          Thomas Williams  19
From Our Chaplains                                                21
Turn Down My Glass                                Charles Gindle  22
Profile                                    Robert Francis Cullen  23
Little Echoes                                        Henry Myers  24
Glory Hallelujah                                     Henry Sliva  26
For the Defense                               James "Mike" Smith  28
—30—for Hank the Tank                          Francis A. Murphy  30
Spotlight on Chess                                 Norman Harmon  32
The Sports Desk                                   Joseph MeNeair  33
The Mail Bag                                                      36

COVER—There may be some disagreement with our choices of elements in “Composition
of Crime,’’ as we are not too familiar with the problems of semantics. Yet, if the causes
illustrated were controlled in any degree, then we feel that criminal statistics would
decrease in a proportionate amount.

ADMINISTRATION

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
David L. LAWRENCE, Governor

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
ANNE X. ALPERN, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
ARTHUR T. PRASSE, Commissioner 
KENNETH E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PHILADELPHIA
WILLIAM J. BANMILLER, Superintendent

CORRECTIONAL INDUSTRIES 
ALFRED FRENCH, JR., General Supervisor 

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
Thomas H. Graham, Director of Education

The EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the State Correctional Institu-
tion at Philadelphia. Its editors or the institution itself cannot be held responsible for pla-
giarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.
