---
id: "62"
title: "Letters to the Editor"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_june1956_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
LETTERS TO THE EDITORS

Sir:
After the distribution of the first publication of the
EASTERN ECHO, the comment of most of the inmates that
I have spoken with, was that they received some constructive
information from reading it. Hope you have much success
in the future.
George Tucker

Thank you, George, yours was the first bouquet placed
upon our desk and we shall place it on file along with our
first edition.

Dear Ed.
I wont say I’m surprised, that I didn’t expect the maga-
zine to be so good, but I did have a feeling that perhaps
you would not get the support of fellows that could write.
I’ve never written anything for a magazine but I’m certain-
ly going to give it the old try.
Samuel F. Wood

That’s the spirit--give it a try--and we’ll give your item
every consideration. We know there is a lot of writing
talent here and we’re going to try and fiush it out.

Sir
How about more short stories? You seem to have an
abundance of articles and features.
M. Maughn

We can only plead inexperience and assure you we shall
try to give the fellows what they want. (A note to aspiring
writers:..You see what the fellows want, so why not send
in that story you’ve been toying with.)

Editor:
I think ‘‘Juvenile Delinquency’’ was very well written
and shows fine perspective, comparable to any articles I’ve
read in ‘outside’ publications.
F. Marsella

I hate to give John’s secret away but you see he was a
Super J. D. himself once.

Dear Ed. 
The illustrations and cartoons are really very nice. I
enjoyed the cartoons and got a laugh from them. I espe-
cially like page 18. That’s a professional job. Both the
writing and illustration.
R. Perkowitz

May I kiss your hand? ? ?

Sports Editor:
Yeah. I have a comment to make. As a true Pittsburgh-
er who has not turned Philadelphian during my residence
here, I resent seeing my home team in last place. This is
1956 and we have a lot on the ball this year ... new pitchers
... big sticks ... new management... you’re still looking
at the associate editor’s skin head and it blinded you...
An ardent fan,
Eddie Simpson

Ardent Fan:
The writer is not infallible; even he makes mistakes
sometimes. Pittsburgh happens to be my favorite team
in the NL. However, I still see them in last place unless
there is a wrinkle in my crystal ball.
Sports Ed

Mr. Editor:
I have read your sports column and I would like to know
if in the future you will run a column about sportsmanship
which seems to be lacking in the men here. Notice the var-
ious leagues: Baseball, Basketball and Football, which are
started but never complete the season because of friction
among the league officials, players, both intra- and inter-
squad.
John Carpenter

We can run a column but we cannot guarantee that it
will be effective. Sportsmanship cannot be injected into a
person with a typewriter.

The following was lifted bodily from a personal letter
to our Warden from Arthur T. Prasse, our man in Harrisburg.

‘‘Today I received three copies of the EASTERN ECHO,
your first publication, It will be something to be remembered
for a long time to come. To me it is not only a masterpiece
of good printing but also the wonderful contributions your
men are making to this booklet is commendable. I only
hope that the same fine quality will be continued for years
to come.

Your personal message was wonderful and the editorial
by Jerry Culp sums up the attitude of this administration
completely. It is their magazine and it is up to them to
keep it as a real privilege for the inmates of the institution.’

The following, printed with the permission of our Warden,
is an excerpt from a letter directed to him from his son, Bill,
in Modesta, California:

‘Dad, the boys did a swell job with the first issue of
EASTERN ECHO---I read it from cover to cover and don’t
want to miss an issue. The print job was tops. Congratu-
lations. ’?

Among the multitude of encouraging and congratulatory.
letters we have received from the ‘outside’ we have chosen
the following as representative of the opinions and well-
wishes received.

Editorial Staff:

“We have read with interest your first issue of the
EASTERN ECHO. It is a rather impressive beginning to
us and we want to wish you the best of luck with your subse-
quent issues.

We believe very much in the value of the Penal Press
and feel that most major institutions have the material and
potential to publish a worthwhile inmate magazine. It is
most heartening to see your institution join the ranks with
such vigor.

It is our sincere hope that you will fulfill your avowed
purpose as spokesman for the entire population. We also
hope that what you have to say will echo beyond the walls
of the Eastern State Penitentiary.’’

Sincerely
G. Richard Bacon
Editor, The Prison Journal
Editor:

‘‘In my more than 30 years of going in and and out of
the Eastern State Penitentiary, I have often wished that
with the admirable facilities for producing an attractive
publication the prison population could be given a chance
to be heard. I have a strong conviction that men in prison
have something important to say and a profound belief
that if given an opportunity they will say it with eloquence
and sincerity. I would not have believed that such a finish-
ed product, both as to its format and content, could have
been produced in a first issue, but there it is. The privilege
of a free press carries with it the grave responsibility to
speak the truth with courage and integrity.’’

Very sincerely yours,
Albert G. Fraser
Honorary Secretary
The Pennsylvania Prison Society

Our sincerest thanks to the large number of well-wishers,
including members of the judicial, educational and penal
groups, who have lauded our initial issue. We hope that
our voice coupled with the combined voices of the Penal
Press will grow in volume and echo across the nation with
our ideas and thoughts. An echo multiplied many times
over can be most impressive.

Sincerely,
Your Editor
