---
id: "620"
title: "Editorial"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial:

A historical search for the origin of our modern concepts of “Crime, Criminals,
and Criminal Law” would probably lead us to Hammurabi as the first ruler to lay
down a formulated system of laws for the guidance of his people. However, these
concepts can be traced to a much earlier stage of history when mankind first began
to form the groups — family, religious, and tribal — which led to the close-knit society
of our modern day.

As free individuals, the people joining these groups were endowed with a
“natural” liberty with its freedom to act without restraint of any kind. Its motto was:
“To do what I will, disregarding others.” This code of individual liberty quickly led to
numerous conflicts within the newly formed groups. The independent actions of the
various group members created havoc within the structure of the community.

Wishing to retain the discovered advantages of banding together, they were
forced to tone down the ebullient freedom of natural liberty by means of rules and
regulations devoted to the general welfare. Under the restrictions of these early
tribal and religious taboos and customs, natura! liberty evolved into a new kind of
freedom which we today call “civil” liberty.

Civil liberty offers freedom of action to the individual as long as his actions are
not detrimental to the community. Its motto is: “To do what I will, respecting the
rights of others.” Its most important value thus lies in its guarantee of freedom from
the aggressive actions of other. Whereas under natural liberty a man has a perfect
right to throw stones into the air if he so desires, under civil liberty, although he still
has that same right, he must also consider the right of his neighbor not to be hit by
the stones he is throwing.

However, before calling the stone-thrower a criminal, the community must first
decide that stone-throwing is detrimental to the general welfare and create a law
revealing the circumstances under which it is a crime. Thus, before creating the
criminal, we must create the criminal law.

May we then, after a law has been passed, call the stone-thrower a criminal?
Not until society has decided whether his actions were truly as reported and whether
they truly fit into the categories of stone-throwing forbidden by the law. We must
have a trial with a judge, jury, and other attendants to decide whether a crime has
been committed. Since laymen cannot usually understand the laws as they are written
and cannot possibly have knowledge of all the laws which may be relevant to the case,
we must have trained men called criminal lawyers to argue the facts in front of the
judge and jury. Then the judge or jury may decide that the actions of the defendant
were indeed violations of the law. Thus, before creating the criminal, we must create
the crime.

Only then, if we find the man guilty of committing this crime, have we created
a criminal. Over-simplification perhaps, but still leading us to the admitted con-
clusion that before we can have a criminal, we must have criminal laws, judges,
juries, criminal lawyers, and a crime.

As civilization progresses it may once again return to the standards of natural
liberty and eliminate the above regulations and red-tape. At that time — when each
member of society, through education and evolution, has reached such an exalted
state of community that laws are no longer necessary to control him in his re-
lationships with his fellow citizens, “criminals” will cease to exist, and together with
criminal law and crime, will be but fields of study for future historians pondering
the self-denying foolishnesses of their ancestors. Ah, Utopia — thou dream of ages!

James "Mike ” Smith
