---
id: "621"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "3"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the
Superintendent's Desk

Much has been written by authorities and those conversant in penal affairs
about the advantages of programs - rehabilitation, psychology, psychiatry and
related fields, including commutation, parole and probation. The real purpose,
of course, is to have the public and society become familiar with the purposes of pres-
ent penological ideals to fit a man for release. However, it must not only be idealistic
but practical also.

With the new attitude toward the function of the institution as reformative, the
new custodial officer is developing; if the institution is an organism, then your
custodial officer is one of its vital organs, not only in maintaining the life of the
institution itseif but in turning it into a productive machine which sends back to the
community men who will “go straight.” The custodial force is the backbone of any
weil run correctional institution and the training they receive is important not only
to themselves but also to the men in their charge. No one can deny that in an
authoritarian situation such at this, there must be rules and regulations designed
for the good of all—the weak and the strong! Not every man is endowed, by
nature and training, with the same abilities; some men are awed and frightened
when first received in the institution notwithstanding a pseudo show of bravado - he
feels this false front is necessary to protect himself from the more aggressive type.
How many men cre honest enough to admit that they have cried at night because of
the overwhelming situation? It is our duty to protect these men. Therefore, certain
rules and regulations are promulgated. We do not think anyone would criticize the
officials charged with the responsibility of having men in their charge for taking
appropriate action against the very few who at times prejudice the advantages and
progress made by the vast majority. They - the majority - realize that when dis-
cipline and order prevail, time is better served by all.

We think it appropriate here to suggest that we should all try to understand the
problems of the men and should realize that they too want to adjust and get along
in this setting. Strength is not alway muscular but is evidenced also in character. Loud
talking, sprinkled with swearing is not a sign of masculinity but usually a sign of a
very limited vocabulary accompanied with false assumption that one is overcoming
the other, and is one of the sure signs of inferiority!

William J. Banmeller
