---
id: "622"
title: "On Stone Casting"
author: "von Moschzisker, Michael"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
WRITTEN EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE EASTERN ECHO

On Stone Casting

by Michael von Mooschzisker

Mr. MICHAEL VON MOSCHZISKER is a prominent
Philadelphia Attorney and Chairman of the Phila-
delphia Redevelopment Authority.

People who read in the newspapers that a particular
lawyer has defended those charged with crime are
apt to ask him, ‘‘Why did you become a criminal
lawyer?”

I invariably respond that I have a general practice,
including, but not restricted to, criminal cases. But
I also admit that it is the criminal cases which are
nearest to my heart. This is not because criminal law
is marked by challenging intellectual problems, al-
though it is. Nor is it because of any emotional tend-
ency on my part to favor the underdog, although I
do. In the last analysis, I am convinced that my
enthusiasm for criminal defense work has two other
bases. I love it because it is exciting; I take pride
in it because it gives me a chance to fight in court
against the greatest wrongs which mark American
law—greatest because so many misconceptions ham-
per the administration of criminal justice.

People also ask criminal lawyers how they feel
about defending persons whom they “know” to be
guilty. My answer is that I feel just fine about it.
In America guilty persons are entitled to plead not
guilty. It is not perjury to do so. And they are en-
titled to counsel of their choice. Certainly then,
they are free to engage me if they choose to do so.
I, of course, am not free to say I believe a man in-
nocent if in fact I believe him guilty—but lawyers do
not express their personal opinions anyway. They
comment on what the evidence has proved or failed
to prove.

As a matter of fact, the defense of a person whom
a lawyer believes to be guilty is much less strain upon
the lawyer than the defense of a person whom he
believes to be innocent. If an innocent person is con-
victed and punished, the lawyer invariably concludes
that the sentence is attributable to the lawyer’s
efforts rather than to the behavior of the client. On
the other hand, when a guilty person is convicted
and punished, although the lawyer may feel very
badly, he can find a measure of consolation in the
thought that the fault was partly that of the client.

Beyond that, it has always seemed admirably civil-
ized to me that an apparently guilty man faced by a
hostile society, a hostile prosecutor, a hostile Press, a
hostile jury, hostile police officers, hostile witnesses,
and a judge wrapped in one of those gloomy-looking
robes, should be entitled to have one friend in his
corner to cheer him up. It does not seem too much to
let that be thrown into the scales on his side, particu-
larly since there is always the chance that he did not
do what the indictment charges. After all, people
are forever saying that the English are wonderfully
stern in their administration of criminal justice. But
few of these people realize that in England it is a
breach of ethics for a barrister to turn down a case
because he believes a client is guilty. Parenthetically,
I should add that when I hear praise for the allegedly
stern qualities of British justice, it always occurs to
me that the speaker should be reminded of which
side won the American Revolution. He should also
be reminded that the English commute about one-
half of their death sentences and then imprison most
of the commuted prisoners for about nine years only.

It certainly would be a cockeyed world if the
“Philadelphia Lawyer” who writes in The Evening
Bulletin had his way and it was ruled unethical for a
lawyer to defend a known guilty man on a not guilty
plea. Lawyers would have to hold trials in the wait-
ing rooms of their law offices. The verdict in such a
“trial" would govern the lawyer’s decision of
whether or not to take the case. Otherwise he would
run the risk of being charged with knowledge of a
client’s guilt if he happened to accept the ease of a
guilty person.

As a matter of fact, the lawyer’s professional life
will be hazardous and short-lived if the defense of
eulty persons ever becomes unethical. Defense
lawyers who lose cases will have to be disbarred.
Make no mistake about it, that is exactly what would
happen. The question would be whether the lawyer
knew the client was guilty. Since the lawyer would
never admit to such knowledge, the only way to
prove it would be by proving that in fact the client
was guilty. The evidence of that would be the ver-
dict of the jury at the criminal trial; or at least the
evidence to prove the lawyer’s guilt at the lawyer’s
trial would be the same as the evidence that had been
used to prove the defendant’s guilt at the criminal
trial. With lawyers placed in such jeopardy, how
could innocent people engage counsel?

In actual practice, I have found that the question
of whether one should try to obtain a not guilty ver-
dict for a client who admits his guilt almost never
comes up. Clients who want to be acquitted tell their
lawyers that they are not guilty. The lawyer cannot
then be expected to substitute his own opinion for
that of a judge or jury. Accordingly the client gets
his day in court.

In appellate proceedings the problem comes up in
a different way. Indeed I don’t know why I call it a
"problem,” for it obviously is just as bad to try a
guilty man unfairly as it is to try an innocent man
unfairly and, therefore, a lawyer should always be
happy to argue a good point of law.

Another reason I differ from the "Philadelphia
Lawyer” in his criticism of attorneys who defend
guilty persons is that it has never seemed particu-
larly important to me that every guilty person in a
community should be convicted after he has been
arrested. After all, so few of them are arrested. I
don’t mean for a minute that I find anything offen-
sive or improper in guilty persons being convicted
and sentenced. What. I do mean is that in a system
which punishes so few, I see nothing offensive in per-
mitting an arrested person a chanee to try and get
himself a break. In trying to do this, he of course
cannot speak for himself. Hence the need for de-
fense counsel, learned in the law and in court pro-
cedures. It’s better if we leave ethical lawyers free
to take these cases. Otherwise guilty people will be
defended by fixers.

I might feel differently about all this if I could tell
which men are "bad men.’’ But the Almighty, who
has been so lavish in bestowing this power of dis-
crimination upon newspaper editors and builders,
just did not equip me with the ability to pick out
“bad men.” I must have been behind the door when
that part of the brain matter was being passed out. I
think I am rather good at picking out badly behaved
men, But 1 continually find that bad behavior is
largely dependent upon the individual’s reaction to a
particular environment. I know so many men who
behave badly outside prison and beautifully inside
prison. Their lives prove that crime is much in-
fluenced by environment. They are not necessarily
“bad men.” They are men who at a particular stage
of their lives behave badly in an environment of com-
parative freedom, but very well indeed in an environ-
ment of comparative confinement and discipline.

On the other hand, if I was locked in a penitentiary
I strongly suspect that I would behave outrageously.
Does that mean I am a “bad man"?

So I amble through life carrying the burden of not
being able to call my fellow men bad. It is a handi-
cap, but I guess I will just have to bear it. Too often
I have known men with dreadful criminal records
who behave with compassion, decency, generosity
and consideration toward all whom they meet behind
walls; men who behave with courage and dignity at
their trials; men who agree with me that they would
rather risk conviction than employ perjury. No one
ean tell me they are bad men, although I would have
to agree that some of them may belong behind walls
for the time being.

Another difficulty I have is that I cannot tell who
the criminals are. I keep hearing about them, and
gvoodness knows I keep reading about them, but I
never meet any.

As a practicing lawyer to whom persons of all in-
come groups come when they or their relatives are
charged with crime, I have observed one common
denominator. Whether Little Willie was arrested
for being a bad check artist, for participating in vice
rings, for violating the Trading-With-the-Enemy Act,
for cheating in connection with tarriff laws, for
sodomy, for income tax fraud, for banditry, or
(especially) for murder, Little Willie and his loved
ones will always insist that Willie isn’t really a
eriminal.

I have come to the conclusion that all these people
are right. When Willie talks to me in my office or
elsewhere, Willie isn’t a criminal. Frequently, he has
committed crimes. Who has not? In and out of my
law practice, I know few men who have not com-
mitted erimes. Indeed I know few who have not
committed crimes within the period of the Statute of
Limitations. Iurthermore, I know few men who will
not in the future commit crimes. The overwhelming
majority have committed past crimes and will com-
mit future ones, whether or not this magazine reaches
them. I will never agree that a man should be ealled
a criminal because he has behaved criminally, nor
san I agree that the probability of future criminal
behavior means that a man ean be ealled a criminal
today. Thus to bandy around the noun “criminal”
is virtually to deprive it of meaning. For if all men
are criminal, the noun distinguishes no one because it
apples to everyone. Properly, the noun “criminal”
should only mean ‘‘a man who is committing a crime.”

It has been a pleasure to write this article. I
suppose the men who occupy the Philadelphia branch
of Cherry Hill instead of the one near Camden some-
times think that people on the outside believe every-
thing which they read in the newspapers about people
on the inside. Nothing could be further from the
truth. An increasing number of us realize full well
that no man is beyond even temporal redemption and
that how you behaved at one time during your life
is no indication of how you are going to behave for
the balance of it.

Those of us who feel that way know that nothing
which helps former criminals to lead decent, con-
structive lives can fail to be helpful to society.

We'll be seeing you.
