---
id: "623"
title: "Thou Shalt Not Kill"
author: "WALDEN, Spencer"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Thou Shalt Not Kill!

By SPENCER WALDEN

Beyond doubt the best known victim of capital
punishment was nailed to the Cross. Since that
time the manner of execution has evolved, or
so we are informed, to where it has become more mer-
eiful. Thus is modern civilization ‘sold’ on moderu
methods of execution if not the purpose.

The end result, whether achieved via the electric
chair, gas chamber, firing squad, hangman’s noose
or guillotine, is morally wrong. The taking of a human
life through legal process is an obscene act that cannot
be justified morally on legal grounds.

If the laws of Providence are to be held inviolate
it would appear that no man-made law ean circum-
vent the commandment ‘Thou Shalt Not Kall’ without
those who are responsible being held accountable.

The one inescapable fact so often brushed aside
by exponents of capital punishment in evaluating
the death penalty is that the act is criminal im
nature and intent. As evidence, one will find all
the essential elements found in a first degree murder
indictment contained in any law providing the death
penalty. No other law provides that such measures,
otherwise considered criminal, be utilized to exact
a penalty.

One wonders how those who profess to be Chris-
tians would explain the retention of the death penalty
were their Savior to return and learn only the method
of execution had changed in the two thousand years
since He paid the supreme penalty.

It is unthinkable that He would find any comfort
in Nietzche’s observation that ‘the last Christian died
on the Cross.'

An acknowledged barbaric means to an immoral
end must rest on the conscience of all who through
silence give tacit approval to the death penalty.

Where the name of the barbarian who ‘invented’
capital punishment is lost in antiquity, it’s a matter
of record the one who invented the electric chair was
the first to die in it. The hum of the electric chair as
it speeds its victims into the void ealled ‘eternity’ is
not the triumphant voice of justice but rather the
hollow mockery of injustice.

Following the adoption of the electric chair as a
means of execution by the State of New York, statis-
tics show that during its first thirty years cf opera-
tion 431 men and 6 women were sentenced to death
in it. Of this group 266 men and 2 women paid the
supreme penalty. There were 54 men and 2 women of
the original group whose cases were reversed by the
appellate court. Of this latter group, 31 were acquitted
or found not guilty. Ironic though it may be, only
the errant hand of fate held back the hand of the
executioner in these eases.

Contrary to generally accepted beliefs, a trial by
ho means establishes guilt or innocence beyond all
reasonable doubt. And for this reason it is safe to
assume the number of innocent victims grows in
proportion as executions increase.

The combined total of those executed by the
States of New York and Pennsylvania since the adop-
tion of the electric chair exceeds one thousand. One
must question whether the guilt of all was established
beyond all doubt. It would, of course, be impossible to
estimate the number of imnocent victims of capital
punishment since its conception back in the so-called
Dark Ages.

It is paradoxical to note that an aroused public
abolished that ‘noble experiment’ called prohibition
when it proved antisocial, yet can be complacent in its
attitude toward a more established evil in the form of
capital punishment.

The average person assumes that neither he nor
she will ever become a victim of capital punishment,
and this is understandable. The facts show, however,
with few exceptions, it is not the lot of the professionai
killer nor is there any record of a person of wealth
among those executed in this country.

From the vantage point afforded by the twentieth
century we look upon the burning of witches as the
most hemous of legal crimes. We tend to overlook the
fact witchcraft ceased to exist when witchcraft laws
were abolished. Must another black page of history
be written of this psychic pendulum of idiocy before
the conscience of modern civilization is awakened ?

It is to be regretted that the calibre of those
advocating the retention of capital punishment cannot
be measured, for the greatest gift bestowed on man is
the quality of merey. Only the humanitarian matches
the hour. Surely their matchless philosophical serenity
must be envied by the rabid exponents of capital
punishment.

The fallacy that capital punishment has a deter-
ent effect is an affront to human dignity that brutai-
izes society and neither deters the derelict nor pro-
tects the innocent. There is no manner of learning
whether capital punishment has a deterrent effect, yet
this is the fallacious promise advanced by those ad-
vocating the retention of the death penalty.

There must come a day when human nature
revolts against the hate that begets hate; the ven-
veance that begets vengeance, and the cruelty so
common that its contemplation brings pleasure rather
than pain. It may well be that capital punishment is a
symptom of an atavistic strain human decency would
have rid itself of long ago were it not for the fact the
most difficult of all ailments to cure is human nature.

Whether the ‘eye for an eye’ advocate is guided
by emotion or impractical reasoning it is entirely
obvious such yolicies can never improve human
relations. This policy has had its day and its tragic
consequences.

The ultimate fate of capital punishment rests
with the people. Until such time comes when the will
of all the people can be more emphatically expressed,
the humane course to follow is to consult one’s con-
science.

Whatever the conclusions, the results should be
communicated to all three branches of the government,
federal and state, particularly the legislative and to
the church of one’s choice as well as to civic groups
and one’s neighbors, that all possible weight be lent
this humane endeavor.

Lest we forget, from birth through the span of
life we are all literally under sentence of death and
only a power greater than man can affix the dates.
