---
id: "626"
title: "After Sentence"
author: "Reed, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Written Exclusively for the Eastern Echo

After Sentence

by THOMAS REED

Assistant District Attorney
City and Counly of Philadelphia

The sentence is imposed and another trial is at an
end. The public casually reads the news item
and is satisfied that justice has been served.

It is surprising how few ever think of the new
problems confronting the criminal, now considered
an enemy of society. The professional workers in
the field of penology realize that their task is one of
rehabilitation while the lay public looks upon im-
prisonment as punishment for the criminal act
committed.

What are the tools employed by the prison offi-
cials in aiding the convict to find himself? In this
‘‘enlightened’’ era we make use of psychological
testing material, psychiatric studies, work programs
and educational programs. To the writer it seems
that much progress has been achieved in this very
important work of rehabilitating the criminal. It is
not, however, nearly enough.

The purpose in rehabilitating the convict is to
prepare him to lead a normal life in a social order.
To accomplish this he is placed in an institution to
lead an abnormal life for a term of years. He is
completely deprived of a normal sex life and all of
the accompanying benefits that are to be derived from
family living. When his family visits him their
communication must be by verbal contact alone.
Thus the physical contacts which would bring this
man closer to his family are denied to both the
prisoner and his loved ones. The family ties, in-
stead of being strengthened, are actually weakened
at a time when the prisoner needs such strength and
courage more than at any other time in his entire life.
It is often the hope of rejoming the family unit thas
gives to the prisoner the courage to face each day’s
problems like a man.

Some states have adopted this view and permit a
prisoner’s family to visit with him under varying
degrees of privacy and with beneficial results. A few
have even experimented with home visits as a part of
the ‘‘de-institutionalizing’’ process shortly before his
release. The fact that this is being done on an ever
increasing scale is some indication that the officials
in charge of our correctional institutions are aware
of the importance that family ties can be to the
inmate’s rehabilitation. Public opinion is, however,
a major stumbling block to such drastic changes.
Rather, I should say that the anticipated public opin-
ion is the stumbling block, for I am firmly convinced
that if the public were properly informed on the
problem and the best solution, it would not react in
the ‘‘anticipated" manner. To all those who would
object to such reforms I pose this question : ‘‘Can you
train a man to live a normal life by compelling him
to live an abnormal one?’’

This point of view in criminal rehabilitation is
already proven in many foreign countries, most
notably Mexico. Not only may a prisoner’s family
visit him under normal conditions, but in many in-
stances actually live with him in a cottage type en-
vironment. At the end of each day’s work he returns
to his ‘‘home’’ to spend the evening hours with those
who love him. Schools are maintained for the chil-
dren so that they are not neglected.

This brings me to what I consider the second most
important reform needed, the work program for the
inmate. Again, our prison officials are well aware of
the need for a full day’s activity for each inmate.
Unfortunately it is extremely difficult to provide
such work for all of the prisoners. Convict labor
must never be allowed to compete with union labor.
Thus, within the limitations imposed upon such offi-
cials by an ‘‘enlightened’’ public a part-time job is
often all that can be offered. But upon release from
prison the inmate is expected to go forth and work a
full 40-hour week in accordance with his parole plan.
He may well be physically able to work such hours but
is he mentally conditioned for it? I think not. Thus,
once again he is expected to live a normal life after
living an abnormal one.

There is an additional benefit to be derived by the
inmate from a full and constructive work program.
At this point I address myself directly to the prisoner
who may read this rather than to society. The crim-
inal is first of all a product of his environment. But
there are many things affecting his personality which
are within his own control. One of these is self-
respect. The creative urge in all men is to some
extent satisfied by a constructive work program.
Once this self-respect is earned he can shoulder re-
sponsibility, meet his problems and solve them. With
earned self-respect comes self-esteem. These qual-
ities include the ability to recognize one’s own faults.
It is typically human to blame our failures on someone
else. Those who commit crimes are often all too
ready to blame someone else when they are caught.
The truth of the matter is, in prison or out of it,
our failures are the results of our own faults and
the sooner we accept this fact the sooner we climb
the ladder to success. It is very much like the con-
quest of fear. The initial step is to admit the fear
exists. The next and all important step is to do the
thing we are afraid to do. Our penal rehabilitation
is not complete until the prisoner to himself has ad-
mitted that his incarceration is his own doing. When
this has been accomplished he can readily develop
his valuable assets while eleminating his faults and
the successful man is in the making.

The next essential in preparing the criminal for
life in society after his release is the educational
program. I offer no criticism of the educational
opportunities which are available to prisoners. This,
indeed, could be the subject of an entire article. In
considering this problem one is reminded of the old
adage, ‘* You can lead a horse to water but you cannot
make him drink.’’ A more ambitious writer once
remarked, ‘Don’t make him drink, make him thirsty.’
In these few words of wisdom lies the key to the
suecessful rehabilitation of most offenders. A study
of the educational background on most inmates dis-
closes that too large a majority left school before
completing the high school level. There may appear
many reasons for this, but one in particular stands
out—the lack of proper incentive. The delinquent
child was almost always a delinquent in school. Na-
turally enough when he left school and sought em-
ployment he found too many doors closed to him. He
often informed a prospective employer that he could
do anything, but to the employer this meant he could
do nothing. What work he could obtain paid inad-
equate wages because of his lack of preparation. With
his prior history of delinquency and lack of sufficient
schooling a criminal career is often near at hand.
The task of overcoming tuis deficiency now faces the
correctional institutions. The educational opportuni-
ties exist but what about incentive?

The penal system in Maryland offers a partial
solution to this problem. The indeterminate sentence
is not used. Instead a fixed term is imposed as the
sentence. The offender is eligible for parole at the
expiration of a certain proportion of this sentence.
The time when he becomes eligible for parole can
be advanced by the prisoner by attending school and
earning educational credits. Thus, if normally an
inmate would be eligible for parole at the end of
four years, by attending school and achieving passing
grades in his studies he may become eligible for
parole at the end of three years. This is an impor-
tant incentive to any prisoner and further prepares
him for his release. While educational achievement
together with training in a particular trade will pre-
pare the offender for gainful employment after re-
lease it is a great factor in overcoming the weaknesses
of the individual offender. Such training builds
ereater confidence and with this comes increase
self-respect.

Assume, if you will, that in a given penal institu-
tion all of these programs and services are adequate,
is the rehabilitation of the offender complete? Not
unless one thing more has been accomplished. The
offender must, in the final analysis, rehabilitate him-
self. This is achieved by the individual and only
when he wants it. One might well ask how this is
to be done. Each man must answer the question for
himself. Guidance is to be found in observing the
lives of others and learning the source of their inner
strength. More often than not this inner strength
derived from the absence of outside assistance. When
you help another too much you make him dependent.
When one walks with a crutch he cannot walk without
it. Nor does a child become a man until he learns to
do for himself. All penal programs should be de-
signed toward this end. With its achievement many
more useful men will be available for service in our
community.
