---
id: "627"
title: "Barred Attorney"
author: "SELL, Irvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Barred Attorney

by IRVIN SELL

We have read and heard so many wncomplimentary
things about the activities of the so-called prison
lawyer that in all fairness, it seems only fitting to
hear from one of their number, voicing his sentiment
for the defense.

It is generally believed that the convict who takes
an interest in law and then applies his skill to helping
others in their legal battles for freedom, is a mer-
cenary individual who seeks only to satisfy his own
selfish ends, and at the same time harass not only the
courts but the prison officials as well. Nothing could
be farther from the truth. With few exceptions
these men are honest in dealing with others. Their
concepts and ideals are centered around that great
document called the "Bill of Rights,’’ and the laws
it incorporates. They are fully aware of and apprec-
late those rights and privileges so amply and wisely
provided by the founders of our Constitution. Only
when one is familiar with the meaning of these laws
can he fully grasp their indispensable value. Their
dynamic authority is such that even an Act of
Congress cannot change or disturb them without the
consent of the electors. By the dictates of the Bill of
Rights a special provision is made for even the lowli-
est outcast so that he too, as an American citizen, will
not be denied his day in court.

Article I, section 9, clause 2; U.S. Constitution
sets forth inter alia:

“The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus
shall not be suspended —"

This article, as incorporated by the fourteenth
amendment, provides the convict lawyer with a basis
on which to initiate a legal battle, to effect a release,
or redress from any injustice which may have been
done in bringing about his conviction and imprison-
ment. While these actions, in some cases, may bring
about an unfortunate result and cause an added ex-
pense to the taxpayer, the price is not too high when
we consider that such a right is an essential to our
way of life. Without such rights and privileges
guaranteed to all citizens, regardless of their economic
status, America would not be a democracy.

No prison lawyer worth his salt would draw up
a writ in a case entirely devoid of merit. He does
not draw them up at the mere whim of others. He
knows enough about the law to understand that by
doing so he would only serve to defeat his purpose.
The wise prison lawyer, just as his counterpart in
the outside world, does not merely rely on the pris-
oner’s word; he looks into the official record and if
this is not available takes steps to secure a copy of it.
Only then, after careful examination of the record
for errors, and the laws applicable to the case, does
he decide whether or not there is sufficient error to
merit taking legal procedure. Such procedure ecan-
not be condemned without condemning the Constitu-
tion itself. The prison lawyer thus, by acting in con-
cert with the law, contributes much more than is
realized in helping to make our law enforcement
agencies more concious of miscarriages of justice thaz
may occur in the apprehension and conviction of
law-breakers.

Our modern police, for the most part, no longer
substitute brawn for brain, and this makes for a more
efficient and respected enforcement agency.

Much of this change can be attributed to the
position our courts have taken in recent years. They
consider the constitutional safeguards of paramount
importance in reviewing the conviction of a criminal.
Because of this, our law agencies have become more
alert to the fact that should they violate the consti-
tutional rights of a citizen all their effort will be
nullified on constitutional grounds by a court of law.

More than a few such cases were initiated and
brought to the attention of the courts by the efforts of
prison lawyers. So regardless of their status the
results achieved by them have been favorable in that,
they have contributed much to making our law en-
forcement agencies more effective, efficient, and aware
of the existence of the Bill of Rights.

While the prison lawyer does not have the legal
education or the facilities that an outside lawyer has,
he nevertheless does have much more time to devote
to an individual ease, so that what he lacks in skill he
makes up for by having more time in his favor. He
is not interested in competing with the outside law-
yer, but only in helping inmates to get their day in
court. He is careful in selecting his eases and the
inmates will more readily accept his views and opin-
ions, than they would from an outside attorney. The
inmate feels that he is dealing with one of his own
kind and will get a square deal from him.

In this respect the outside attorney is at a dis-
advantage, for he does not have the complete confi-
dence of his client. Thus many ‘aspects of his case,
which he would hesitate to discuss with an outside
attorney, he talks about freely to a prison lawyer.
Generally a man comitted to a prison does not under-
stand the law. He cannot comprehend its intricacies.
But once the primary workings of the law are explain-
ed to him in detail, he accepts the consequences more
gracefully. When it is pointed out that the basic
principle of the law is not to punish but rather to
protect the public, he will readily grasp its purpose.

It is not enough to tell a person, you have broken
the law, and therefore, as punishment you must go to
prison. He needs to know not only that the law for-
bids certain acts, but why. If you were to be asked
why does the law forbid any one certain act, would
you have an immediate logical answer? Or would you
perhaps say because the Bible says so? Well, we have
no quarrel with the Bible, however, the Bible forbids
many things which the law permits. Or you might
well say because it’s wrong. We would then have
completed the cycle and be back where we started.

Knowing the fundamentals of the law has an
educational value and no one needs such knowledge
more than the lawbreaker. In this respect the prison
lawyer contributes much to the common good of
society.

While there are more than a few inmates convicted
illegally there are also innocent men in prison. Kven
one alone is a tragedy. The bar lawyer says that
where there is a reasonable doubt it must be resolved
in favor of the accused. This principle is highly
desirable. However, the human element is ever
present and the human mind does not change merely
because it is on the bench or a jury, with the result
that quite frequently an innocent person is convicted.
Many of these cases are brought to light through the
efforts of a prison lawyer. The law is a most jealous
and exacting mistress and will not easily be swayed
to release her claim, so that once a conviction is had
the prisoner needs more than reasonable proof of his
innocence. While the burden of proof before convic-
tion rests upon the state, after conviction the burden
shifts to the prisoner so that what would have been
sufficient evidence to warrant an acquittal before
trial is inadequate to reverse after conviction. Even
after one has substantial proof of his innocence it may
involve a long legal battle for him to establish it.
Without the aid of the prison lawyer the prisoner
would be helpless since he is too poor to retain out-
side counsel. One of the most perplexing problems
faced by outside attorneys acting in behalf of a
prisoner, is that, no matter how skillful or scientifie
he prepares a case it must meet with the approval. of
one or more inside lawyers. This is of course sheer
folly for by the same point of reasoning a druggist
could countermand a doctor’s prescription and find-
ings. It is up to the jailhouse lawyer to correct such
a false impression by admitting his limitations, that
he is not equipped to form a criterion on such matters.
Both inside and outside lawyers are working towards
a common goal, relief from illegal and unjust punish-
ment. The attorney, unlike the professional outside
one, can operate without personal gains, and does so,
his rewards come from the deep sense of gratification
one receives by helping others. He utilizes his God
given skills to help those who are unable to heln
themselves. The bad reputation stems from those
few who abuse this privilege, and are only interest-
ed in their own personal gains and other ulterior
motives.

As any good lawyer can tell you, no ease is
won by accident, but through hard work and skillfui
preparation.
