---
id: "628"
title: "The Bail System and Equal Justice"
author: "Foote, Caleb"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Condensed from Federal Probation, 1959 Issue

The
Bail
System and
Equal 
Justice

by Caleb Foote, A.B., M.A, LL.B.

Professor of Law, University of Pennsylvania

Despite its obvious importance the admin-
istration of the bail system has been one of
the most neglected areas in both legal and
criminological research. Most of the work which has
been done has concerned the legal mechanics of re-
lease, abusive practices by bail bondsmen, or in-
efficient administration of bail forfeitures. Such re-
search, however, casts little direct light on the efficacy
of the bail system in implementing what the Supreme
Court has referred to as the ‘‘traditional right to
freedom before conviction.’’ As the late Mr. Justice
Jackson observed, ‘‘the spirit of the (bail) procedure
is to enable (defendants) to stay out of jail until
a trial has found them guilty.’’

Effective administration of this policy is of im-
portance not only for the preservation of basic rights
of the accused but also because indiscriminate pre-
trial imprisonment is very expensive, creates serious
problems for correctional administration, and im-
pedes full utilization of probation as a treatment
policy by creating conditions inimical to effective
probation.

This article is a report on two studies conducted
in Philadelphia in 1953 and in New York City in 1957
by the University of Pennsylvania Law School.

The studies established the existence of serious
deficiencies in the administration of the pretrial
release in both cities. If under the theory of our law
conditional release on bail pending trial is to be the
norm, these studies make it obvious how far New Yor
and Philadelphia fell short of such a standard. In
these two cities inadequacies in the theory and prac-
tice of bail administration. are directly responsible
for the overcrowding of detention facilities. Whether
what is true of New York and Philadelphia is also
true elsewhere in the country is, of course, a matter
of speculation, but there would seem to be no reason
to believe that conditions are significantiy different
in Other large urban centers. Only the major find-
ines in New York and Philadelphia can be summar-
ized here.

1. Many defendants were unable to furnish bail
even when the amount set was nominal. Bail in the
amount of $500 or $1,000 is regarded as minimal
except for minor offences.

2. As the amount of bail required rises above
$1,000, the lkelihood that a defendant will obtain
pretrial release drops sharply.

3. Bail was normally set so high for more ser-
ious offences that a majority of defendants in those
cases did not obtain pretrial release. Of the 3,223
felony cases in the New York City study, 58 percent
were held in jail pending disposition of the felony
charge. Philadelphia statistics for serious offences
were inadequate, but the sample obtained indicated
that three out of four defendants charged with the
most serious bailable offences were held in jail be-
tween arrest and trial.

These statistics reflect a deplorable failure of
bail administration in these two cities to measure up
to the spirit of the presumption of innocence. The
explanations for a practice so inconsistent with our
theory are varied: judicial practice, legislation which
impedes access to bail for more serious offenders, the
practice of bail bondsmen in demanding security,
the failure to inform detention prisoners of their
rights and the means whereby they can be enforced,
and correction practices in jails which deny prisoners
adequate facilities for communication with the out-
side. Of these factors Judicial practice in bail setting
appeared to be much the most important.

Measured by any standard, the practices which
were observed in magistrates’ courts were totally in-
adequate to the proper administration of the law.
Bail is supposed to be set in an amount sufficient to
ensure the defendant’s presence in court. This is
only standard, and bail should be set no higher than
is required for this purpose. Our law does not sane-
tion punishment before trial or deliberate denial
of pretrial release because an alleged offender may be
regarded as a potential recidivist or as otherwise
undesirable in the eyes of the judge. To make the
determination of the amount of bail which is required
to ensure appearance for trial, the court is supposed
to make an individual study of each accused; all
relevant factors should be weighed, including the
obvious one of the accused’s financial ability. Yet
in most cases observed in both cities no such indi-
vidualized study was made, and in almost all cases
the court did not have and made no effort to obtain
information on the defendant’s financial ability. If
a defendant has lived and worked in the same
community for a number of years and is currently
employed, if he has a family with whom he lives, if
he belongs to a church or union or other social
organization, he would appear to be a good bail risk
almost without regard to the crime with which he is
charged. Yet information of this type was seldom
utilized, although many of the prisoners interviewed
in both cities alleged such substantial ties to the
city. Instead, the determination of bail usually
followed a pattern which looked primarily to the
offense charged and sometimes also the defendants
prior record. In both Philadelphia and New York
lists which scheduled amount of bail by crime charged
without regard to individual circumstances were
found to be in use by some district attorneys and
judges. Of 124 observed Philadelphia ¢ases, no
questions relevant to the amount of bail to be set
were asked in 87 cases.

It may be that some magistrates setting bail in
"normal" amounts were not aware of the fact that
a large proportion of defendants would be detained
as a result. There was a good deal of evidence, how-
ever, that some magistrates were deliberately impos-
ing high bail for improper reasons. The chief Magis-
trate in Philadelphia stated that bail appeared to be
a deliberate policy in order to imprison the defendant
pending trial. Even in many lesser cases the magis-
trate seemed to be imposing high bail as punishment
on the assumption that the defendant was guilty.
Some verbatim statements by Philadelphia magis-
trates illustrate these factors:

In a larceny case: ‘‘I’ll make it $1,500—that
will hold anybody.’’

In an assault case where even the district attorney
protested that $1,000 bail was too high: “‘I disagree
with you, Mr. District Attorney. I feel that the man
should be punished and I don’t feel that $500 bail 1s
sufficient.’’

In a numbers case, explaining the amount of
bail set : "If you didn’t bite the policeman I wouldn’t
be so hard. I would be lenient with you.”

Setting high bail in an automobile case: "All
right, I don’t like hit-and-run drivers.’’

Setting high bail in a case where a defendant
was accused of assaulting his father: ‘‘Anyone who
hits his father ought to be electrocuted.’’

This judicial proclivity to either set bail routine-
ly without regard to individual circumstances or to
deliberately misuse bail procedure was responsible for
most of the cases of pretrial imprisonment.

4. From 10 percent to 20 percent of those con-
fined in jail pending trial were never convicted. In
Philadelphia 1 out of every 5 jailed defendants was
not convicted, or a total of 210 of the cases in our sam-
ple. Of these, 117 were acquitted, 51 cases were dis-
missed short of a full trial and an estimated 42 were
dismissed by the grand jury.

Thus, 210 Philadelphia defendants were noi
culty of any offense but were required to serve a jail
term pending disposition. The duration of this de-
tention for the Philadelphia cases ranged from 13 to
75 days.

5. Jailed defendants were more likely to be
convicted and were much more severely sentenced
than defendants charged with similar crimes who were
free on bail pending trial. While these findings
should be interpreted with great caution, in a Phil-
adelphia sample limited to certain serious crimes, 48
percent of bailed defendants were not convicted com-
pared with 18 percent of jailed defendants.

More striking and probably more significant are
the contrasts in disposition of guilty eases. In Phil-
adelphia 59 percent of the jail cases, but only 22 per-
cent of the bail cases were sentenced to imprisonment,
while in New York 84 percent of the jail and only 45
percent of the bail cases were sentenced to a penal
institution.

So many variables affect both determination of
guilt and sentence imposed that these figures afford
no statistical basis for stating that pretrial imprison-
ment ‘‘caused’’ the more unfavorable dispositions
of the jail cases. Particularly as to sentence imposed,
however, the markedly similar differences obtained
in both studies makes it difficult to eseape the con-
clusion that pretrial incarceration disadvantages the
accused in the disposition of his case. Aside from
statistics, it would be reasonable to expect that this
would happen. Wigmore has noted that any criminal
defendant is under the handicap that he looks euilty,
and this applies most forcefully to the defendant
who arrives in court in custody, and usually without
a job to which he can return if placed on probation.

Denial of conditional release affects the quality
of a defendant’s trial by impairing his ability to
prove his innocence. We cannot get around the fact
that a rich defendant is always going to be in a
preferred position because of ability to hire the best
lawyer and to pour money into the search for evid-
ence, but from such a fact we should not rationalize a
denial to the poor accused of even such succor as can
be had from self-help. There is always the possi-
bility that a poor defendant, if given conditional
release, can find employment in order to finance other-
wise unavailable legal or investigative assistance.

The bail system’s invidious discrimination
against the poor will remain until we have devised
methods which will protect the state by assuring
appearance for trial without imposing financial burd-
ens which violate the spirit of equal protection of the
law. In a handful of cases studied a defendant was
released on his own recognizance without being re-
quired to put up financial security. Such an ap-
proach offers the most obvious solution for indigent
cases and within such a policy a number of protect-
ions can be developed to guard the state’s interest in
bringing an accused to trial. One obvious remedy
is to reduce the opportunity for flight or criminal
activity by providing for a speedy trial in high risk
cases.

New York has recently enacted a statute making
it a criminal offense for an accused to fail to appear
in court after due notice, and the argument that this
would be an adequate alternative rests on the fact
that under modern conditions most people whom the
police really want to find are apprehended sooner or
later. If such expedients are insufficient to bring
all accused to justice, it must be remembered that
the bail system itself rests on the premise that con-
ditional release on bail ‘‘is a calculated risk which
the law takes as the price of our system of justice.’’
