---
id: "629"
title: "Society and the Ex-Convict"
author: "DeMaio, V. Marcus"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Society
and the
Ex-Convict

by V. Marcus DeMaio

".... my retirement will make no difference in
it’s cardinal principles, that a will always fight for
progress and reform, never tolerate injustice ....”

These were some of the words spoken of the St.
Louis Post-Dispatch by its founder, Joseph Pulitzer,
upon his retirement in 1907. For over a half century
the Post-Dispatch adhered to his rigid code of ethies
and became one of America’s greatest crusaders in
the fight against bigotry. Yet in this last year we
were shocked by one of the cruelest examples ot
yellow journalism witnessed on the American scene.

A leading St. Louis industrialist donated 500,000
dollars to a city university and a campus building
was to be named after him. As an added reward the
Post-Dispatch, in blaring headlines revealed to the
world that the man was an ex-convict. A fact known
to his business intimates, but one he hadn’t revealed
to two people, his wife and son.

For thirty-five years this man had rebuilt his
life, and at the moment when it seemed for once
that an ex-con had made the grade, he had the ladder
kicked from under him. Unfortunately the muck
wasn’t thrown by one of the slander sheets, nor
spread by a back yard gossip, but by one of America’s
oldest and most respected papers. Is it any wonder
that the inmates of our prisons feel that the cards
are Stacked against them even before they are re-
leased? In all the talk about rehabilitating the
inmate there should be a force advocating that
society must prepare themselves in return.

Yet the average citizen is being taught the creed
of rejection where the former convict is concerned,
and in some cases even prior to his release. This
would indicate that the people have no faith in the
programs of their correctional institutions. Such a
lack of faith is self-reflecting as the public has
placed, directly. or through elected officials, the
administrators that plan and carry out the details
of grooming a man for his release.

On the whole, if left alone, society is a com-
passionate army, and it is only a small segment of the
population that can be said to border on the precipice
of trusting no one—and doubly so, all parolees. This
element pretends to cloak itself in the robe of civic
watchdog, but it is shod in the boots of vengeance.
Like all radicals, they are not adverse to mounting
some form of soapbox and distorting facts for their
own purposes. Theoretically, their cry of wolf
should be easy to expose with simple but truthful
charts that show the small percentage of recidivists,
but it is a strange fallacy of ours to accept that which
is drummed into our minds and to disregard the
cold statistics because figures are devoid of emotion.
That the various ‘‘Sensation’’ magazines are filled
- with untruths has been attested to by the number of
successful lawsuits that have been filed against them,
but what can be done against the respected news
media that only say so-and-so was arrested and con-
victed of a crime thirty-five years ago? For the
man or woman who has risen above past trans-
gressions this form of vilification is as damaging as
the original crime.

It is this regiment of society’s army that must
be re-educated. To learn to trust the former inmate
and to give him a chance to rebuild the life he has
ruined is a vote of confidence in the programs of
rehabilitation. A chance to earn a living wage; the
opportunity to support his family and raise his
children; the chance to rise above himself—such is
the aim of the ex-convict. The people can do their
part in his reformation by adopting a policy of inter-
est in this area of penology.

Then we come to the problem. ‘‘What does the
ex-convict owe society, and what does society owe the
ex-convict ?”

While the inmate is learning to cope with the
problems of his re-entry into the outside world, what
are his paramount thoughts? His fears? What are
his chances for success?

Let us picture an average inmate who finds him-
self ready for release. First he must find a job and
this may take quite a bit of doing, for not every man
in prison has the opportunity to learn a trade, and
even the ones who do may have trouble finding an
opening. Then, assuming he does have a promise of
employment, he begins wondering what the working
conditions will be like. Will he be granted the same
concessions as other employees, or will his prospective
employer take advantage of his parole status? The
greater majority of employers are honest, but there
is still a small minority that considers ex-cons as a
form of slave labor.

Again, many of the inmates’ dreads are imagin-
ary, but to him they are as real as the prison he is in.
He needs assurance that not only himself, but more
important, his family will not be victimized by his
past. Above all, he needs the trust and cooperation
of society in bringing to a fruitful climax the years
of effort and treatment, of guidance and rebuilding
that go into the making of an ex-convict.

Is all this to be wasted due to the howling of a
few voices lost in the jungle of distrust, bigotry, and
oppression? Those who ery out from behind the
folhage of ignorance that a former criminal cannot
be salvaged. Will that be the birthright of the
parolee, or will that portion of society which has
tolerance and intelligence, show this attitude con-
trary to all that is hoped for and desired by the
ex-convict?
