---
id: "631"
title: "The Citizen's Role in the Improvement of Criminal Law"
author: "Pollock, Herman"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Re-Printed from Currents Magazine

THE CITIZEN'S ROLE IN THE IMPROVEMENT OF CRIMINAL LAW

By HERMAN I. POLLOCK, Esq,

Philadelphia’s Voluntary Defender

“Public opinion is always in advance of the law.’’ — JOHN GALSWORTHY

In England the 17th century arrived in an era of
royal absolutism, intrigue and governmental ruth-
lessness. Criminal offenses were created ex post facto
and by royal proclamation. Thousands of persons
convicted of felonies were executed each year. A
man charged with the commission of a felony had no
right to see a copy of the indictment before trial, had
no right to be represented by counsel at his trial; had
no right to compel the attendance of witnesses in his
own behalf and was himself disqualified from taking
the stand and testifying in his own defense.

In those days a person convicted of crime against
the person or property of another was customarily
sentenced to death, the stocks, the branding iron, or
the whipping post. In political cases the judges in
Star Chamber proceedings dispensed with the jury
and resorted to physical and psychological tortures
in order to obtain confessions so as to bring about the
conviction of influential persons who were thought to
stand in opposition to the King. It was only in such
a Savage socio-political milieu that an English judge
could have found it within himself to pronounce a
sentence of death in these gory words:

“You shall be drawn upon a Hurdle through the
open Streets to the place of Execution, there to be
hanged and cut down alive, and your Body shall be
opened, your Heart and Bowels pluckt out, and your
Privy Members cut off, and thrown into the fire be-
fore your eyes; then your Head to be stricken off
from your Body, and your Body shall be divided into
four Quarters, to be disposed of at the King’s Plea-
sure: and God have Mercy upon your Soul.”

The 18th century saw a rise in England’s trade and
ecommerce and with it the growth of a large and dom-
inant middle class. This group demanded security
against violations of property rights and got it in the
form of the creation of various statutory offenses
against property. No difficulty was encountered in
securing the passage of legislation making robbery of
a Shop, the stealing of a horse or the picking of a

*Sentence of the court pronounced November 17, 1603, at the
trial for treason of Sir Walter Raleigh.

pocket a capital offense. And it being the will of the
dominant group to foster and preserve the integrity
of commercial transactions, laws were readily multi-
plied defining various forms of crimes against com-
mercial instruments and the currency.

Illustrative of the temper of those days is a remark
made by an English judge in passing sentence of
death on a man convicted of forgery:

". . . And I trust (said the judge) that, through
the merits and mediation of our Blessed Redeemer,
you may there experience that mercy which a due
regard to the credit of the paper currency of the
country forbids you to hope for here.”

Illustrative too, is a remark then made by a mem-
ber of the House of Lords in opposing any proposal
to revise the penal laws or to substitute banishment
for death in such cases:

“Transportation,” he said, “is no more than a sum-
mer’s excursion in an easy migration to a happier and
better climate.”

In the middle of the 18th century, the Quakers in
Pennsylvania who had been forced to take such a
“summer’s excursion” were shocked by the demoral-
izing condition of public prisons and the practice of
corporal and mutilating punishment following con-
viction of crime. They publicly voiced their demand
for a change from the barbarous and ineffective
methods of the past, and exercising their utmost in-
fluence, were able to obtain statutory recognition of
the principle that reformation and not revenge was
the aim of criminal justice, and that reformation
could best be achieved by solitary confinement at
hard labor in separate quarters within a place de-
voted to work and meditation—the penitentiary.

The point here made is that in all eras legislation
has reflected the will of society to preserve or change
the existing law, be it good or bad.

Since the law-making body is usually content to
tinker with detail, real progress in the penal field
must necessarily be measured in terms of decades or
even centuries rather than years. For the most part,
people have been apathetic and have shown little
interest in extensive penal reform. Where, however,
they were aroused to a point of demanding the adop-
tion, modification or repeal of a specific law, their
chosen representatives did not hesitate to give legis-
lative expression to their will. Unfortunately, com-
prehensive stock taking of our law or even of its
special branches with a view to sweeping improve-
ment has rarely been done. In the field of criminal
justice it has taken strong public opinion to compel
legislative action even in a small segment of that
special branch of law.

Thus, in Pennsylvania we find that the statutory
removal of juveniles from the sanctions of the crim-
inal law and the use of probation and parole as in-
struments of rehabilitation were accomplished only
after discussion and debate on these subjects by lay-
groups, a resultant change in public opinion as to
correctional goals and an imperative call for legisla-
tive action. Necessarily, however, when these pro-
gressive and humane measures were passed they were
placed on the statute books side by side with an-
tiquated and outmoded criminal laws as to which the
general public took no action and indeed seemed
completely indifferent.

It has often been said that a correctional program
to be effective should begin to function at the instant
of arrest or sooner rather than at sentence. Never-
theless, lay-groups concerned with correctional mat-
ters have shown little interest in the operation of the
criminal law from arrest to sentence, leaving this
field to judges and lawyers. These lay-groups have
been content to devote their attention to the improve-
ment of post-trial accommodations designed to reha-
bilitate the offender.

Officially sponsored surveys of the Pennsylvania
correctional system were similarly preoccupied with
post-conviction procedures. The Ashe Report of 1944
and the Devers Report of 1953 place heavy emphasis
on the housing, maintenance and treatment of pris-
oners and give only scant attention to our basic crim-
inal law. While the care of prisoners is of great im-
portance, the time has surely come for the public to
be made aware of fundamental defects in our crim-
inal jurisprudence and particularly the need for com-
prehensive modification of our criminal law strue-
ture, from arrest through sentence.

This paper aims to point up some of the defects and
as the basis for their correction, to emphasize the
need for an official and comprehensive survey of our
criminal laws. Such a survey if it is to be effective
must be made by an official commission composed not
only of judges and lawyers, as in the past, but of
members of interested, non-legal prcfessions and in-
formed lay-men as well.

The Commonwealth has no criminal code worthy of
the name. By this is meant that there exists no single
body of law designed to regulate criminal law and
procedure in this state. It should be obvious to any-
one that statutory procedural machinery must take
into account and be closely related to the substantive
criminal law if criminal justice is to be effective.
Nevertheless, Pennsylvania labors under two separ-
ate basic statutes—an old procedural act passed in
1860, relating to penal proceedings and pleadings,
and a more recent crimes statute passed in 1939
known as the “Penal Code.”

The result is an uncoordinated dichotomous
arrangement of our criminal law simultaneously em-
bodying procedural provisions which are archaic and
criminal laws which are comparatively modern. It is
a “system” in which an obsolete procedural statute is
relied upon to aid in the enforcement of new laws em-
bodying penological concepts unknown when the
procedural law was passed. In addition to these
“Codes,’’ the Legislature from time to time has
passed penal statutes without relation to the two so-
called codes, and it would seem in some instances
without knowledge of their provisions. This stat-
utory patchwork has added to the confusion of
our laws.

Let me give but two illustrations of the absurdity
to which such a dual system leads. Under the Act of
1860, a magistrate is permitted to admit to bail any
accused person who is charged with larceny, and is
precluded from admitting to bail any accused person
charged with burglary. When this procedural act
was passed, burglary was defined in the act as enter-
ing a dwelling house, or other building at night with
intent to commit any felony. Under the penal code
of 1939, burglary is defined as entering any building
or motor vehicle at any time with intent to commit a
felony. Applying the procedural act of 1860 to the
substantive offense of burglary, as created and de-
fined by the act of 1939, the conclusion is reached
that a magistrate is precluded from admitting to bail
a man who, let us say, puts his hand through an open
car window in order to steal a coat (burglary), but
is not precluded from admitting to bail a man who
steals a car and all its contents by towing the car
away (larceny).

Moreover, since entering a department store in the
daytime with the intent to shoplift is burglary under
the act of 1939, one charged with so entering, al-
though he did not steal anything, may not be admit-
ted to bail by a magistrate. On the other hand, one
who enters a department store without the intent to
steal, but in fact does steal, is bailable by a magistrate.
These anomalous effects of our law might be brushed
aside as amusing were they not fraught with serious
consequences. The man charged with attempting to
steal a coat from a parked car who is denied bail can-
not help but disrespect laws which operate so unfair-
ly as to deny him the right to bail while granting it
to a man who is charged with stealing a car and all
its contents. So, too, a man who enters a department
store with intent to steal, but who does not steal, will
not respect laws which deny him rights which are
granted to one who enters the same store and actual-
ly consummates the crime of larceny by shoplifting.
The time is overdue for the Commonwealth to adopt
a comprehensive penal code containing modern and
effective criminal laws and procedures.

Criminal justice in Pennsylvania is not only ham-
pered by an antiquated and inadequate procedural
“code,” but also by the lack of a modern and in-
tegrated court system. The fault Hes in the Common-
wealth’s eighty year old constitution which vests
judicial power in a multiplicity of separate and
autonomous civil and eriminal courts. The constitu-
tion of 1874 bestows power over criminal cases in
separate courts of Quarter Sessions, Oyer and
Terminer and General Jail Delivery, and power over
civil cases in courts of Common Pleas. It provides
further, that judges of the Courts of Common Pleas
shall also be judges of these criminal courts.

In Philadelphia alone there are now seven courts
of Common Pleas of equal and coordinate jurisdic-
tion. Hach court of Common Pleas operates under its
own budget, employs its own court personnel, and
regulates its own practice. Hach judge works as long
and as hard as he pleases toward disposing of the
daily list of cases assigned to the particular court
room over which he presides. If that list breaks
down because of the unavailability of witnesses, en-
gagement of counsel, or other reason, he adjourns
court. Adjournment is ordered even if many cases
are ready for trial in another court room which is
presided over by another judge.

This is an inefficient method of disposing of court
business. A study recently completed in New Jersey
showed that two judges working as a team can dis-
patch as much court business as three judges work-
ing independently of each other. It showed further
that court business can be most efficiently and eco-
nomiecally handled when the operation of all the
courts of the state 1s regulated on the state level.

There is no central judicial body in Pennsylvania
with legal authority to administer the business of the
state courts to make the most economical and efficient
assignment of judges, or to adopt enforceable mini-
mum standards for court personnel. Certainly no
business today—and the administration of our courts
is a vital business—could function successfully in the
midst of such diffusion of authority.

Pennsylvania might well follow the example of
New Jersey and Puerto Rico which, by change of
constitution, have recently put an end to a system of
“air-tight compartments in which each court operates
in isolation from all other courts.” Puerto Rico’s
new constitution, adopted in 1952, specifically pro-
vides that ‘‘the courts of Puerto Rico shall constitute
a unified system for purpose of jurisdiction, opera-
tion and administration.’ This constitution em-
powers the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court to
direct the overall administration of the courts, and
provides him with the assistance of an Administra-
tive Director. . . .

The stipulated length of this article will not permit
detailed discussion of other areas of our criminal law
which are sorely in need of exploration and improve-
ment. Suffice it to say that in this writer’s opinion
there is an urgent need for simplifying indictment
forms so that a person accused of crime, as well as
his lawyer, may understand the nature of the charge
against him; for replacing the warrant of arrest by a
summons in minor cases where there is not reason to
believe that the accused will abscond; for authorizing
a mag strate to release, without the requirement of
bail, an accused resident charged with any crime less
than murder when it is believed that he will not flee
the jurisdiction to avoid trial; for eliminating the
Grand Jury and placing upon the District Attorney
the responsibility of determining whether an accused
should stand trial; for revising a host of substantive
and procedural laws which have outlived their use-
fulness.

This year, once more, bills were introduced in the
General Assembly aiming at the preparation of a new
state constitution and the survey of our penal laws
with a view of their improvement. Cha racteristically,
the bill setting up the survey commission limits mem-
bership to lawyers. The writer believes that only
minor patchwork reform can be expected to result
from the work of a commission so constituted. Jkt @oma-
prehensive improvement is to be achieved, it is essen-
tial that the lay-public be included in the composition
of such a commission. Only in this way can public
opinion play its necessary role in the development of
our criminal law. Only by direct participation of in-
formed citizens in such official programs is it possible
to achieve “a system of court procedures more certain
in the conviction of criminals, more responsive to re-
constructive instead of punitive methods, and more
effective in the recognition and helping of the indi-
vidual offender.”
