---
id: "632"
title: "Counselors, Please Rise"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Counselors,
Please Rise

by Thomas Williams

The relationship between the criminal lawyer and
his client is a semi-judicial amalgamation, with the
defendant in a dependent position. The dependence
of an accused goes far beyond the lesser dependence
we are normally confronted with in our relations
with others. For here, hinges the question of life or
death, freedom or hberty. To the defendant, counsel
is almost god-like as he listens to the litany of evi-
dence and his accusers. By a very play on words
the thin strand of hope ean be snapped. With a
timely gesture the value of a piece of evidence can
lose its importance. The defendant’s trek into crime
is made trivial as we become lost in argument, ob-
jection and rule, as counsel for the defense presses
an Important point of law.

There are unwritten laws that govern a counsel’s
responsibility to his client. Barristers, excluding
rare exceptions, have proven their integrity and have
endeavored to merge understanding with practical
law. This proves difficult at times because of the
flexibility of sentencing, plus the many facets of law
itself.

Many persons throughout a lifetime become aec-
quainted with lawyers only through the news media
or perhaps socially. In this they are fortunate!
Their attitude will be of a different nature than those
who have been accused. Lawyers are seen in dif-
ferent shades. The person charged with a misde-
meanor will see his counsel as a costly cog in the
machinery which detains him.

Persons charged with a serious crime view their
counsel in an extremely different light, perhaps as
their only hope for life or freedom. Their salvation
may lie within this man’s ability, his judicial knowl-
edge, and his alertness to points that can tip the
scales in favor of the accused.

A trial, from hearing to sentencing, is laced with
intricate maneuvers by both the defense and the
state. Each no less in Importance in obtaining ac-
quittal or conviction.

We often hear adverse opinions of the objections
raised as to the personal conduct of the lawyer in re-
lation to his client. Objections are for various
reasons. Some reasons for objections to the conduct
of attorneys are: exorbitant fees for cases of little
merit; a noticeable lack of effort in regards to certain
types of crime; a dubious code of ethics whereby
certain niceties are observed by counsel in behalf
of state. Although not educated in the intricacies of
law, we feel these are valid complaints.

This article is not an attack against the learned
men and women of law. Although prisoners are ¢con-
stantly exposed to tales concerning ‘Sheisters” and
“Ambulance Chasers” by other prisoners this is not
our general conception of attorneys. For, on the
other hand, there exist stories of nobler souls who
added prestige to the name of justice by their efforts
before the bar.

The oldtimers speak of “Chippy” Patterson, a bril-
lant Philadelphia lawyer. How he was wont to walk
into a courtroom unshaven, ill and dissipated, his
voice ringing out, “If the court pleases, I shall repre-
sent these boys.” Persons who were otherwise de-
fenseless, and minus funds to obtain counsel of this
man’s stature. We are all aware of the oft repeated
tales of Abe Lincoln and his battles for the little man.
The music of Clarance Darrow’s pleas. Pleas, not
only for the man on trial, but rather prayers issued
to the world. And in our own time, Thomas McBride,
who chose to suffer the stings of outrageous injustice
rather than abandon his humane and intelligent code
of ethics. His warm belief in justice. A justice
colored with the understanding of the weaknesses
of man. His compassion for the outcast standing
friendless and alone. His abhorrence of punishment
for punishment’s sake alone, which was made a major
issue.

The law profession needs no author such as I to
chronologize the long line of men that elevated their
standards of honor and integrity while practicing
the profession. As in all estates law has its hallowed
niches. We cannot overlook the odious fact; it has
its share of carrion.

That the latter is a microscopic minority is a bless-
ing. Yet to those who were hurt by the charlatans
and the incompetent, this knowledge offers no balms.
This is indeed a sore subject in the link between
prisoners and lawyer. To those who believe they
were cast aside, there is in most cases no reciproca-
tion nor power of appeal. This reference is pointed
specifically to cases lost through lack of coneern,
wherein a case may be lost because objections were
not raised at the opportune moment, and thereby
losing their future chance for an appeal to the higher
courts.

Lawyer and client is a relationship founded on
one’s belief in his fellow man, coupled with a
deep sense of trust and responsibility. Mr. Teleford
Taylor touched on this in his great article, “The
Ethics of Public Office.” I quote: “The business
world is a wonderful intricate mixture of personal
and impersonal standards. It is shot through with
relationships based on special trusts and responsibil-
ity. Guardian and ward; director and stockholder;
doctor and patient; LAWYER AND CLIENT. Its
workings are affected by rules laid down in the in-
terest of the state, which have greatly multiplied as
the economical and technical structure has developed
in size and complexity. But these fiduciary obliga-
tions and legal limitations are the adjunct of a pro-
cess that remains essentially combative.

The dichotomization of law should not detract
from the attorney’s responsibility to his clent in his
specialized field. The importance of criminal law can
be attested to by all society, but particularly by the
thousands of innocent victims, saved through a
lawyer’s efforts. Men and women saved from de-
terioration in prison by a lawyer’s fight to demand
justice for them. The many values attributed to
these barristers are unending. However, we must
realize that perfection non-existent. There is
nothing in this world that cannot be improved upon.
Man, in all his walks of life, cannot be excluded. We
must, however, be thankful for the great majority
of lawyers that have unselfishly dedicated their lives
to law and justice.
