---
id: "634"
title: "From Our Chaplains"
author: "WASHINGTON, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From Our Chaplains

Rev. Paul Washington

Episcopal Chaplain

Two years ago I
read an account in a
newspaper of a man
who committed a
crime in a southern
state. He fled from
this state into an-
other which was
quite a few miles
away.

Eventually he became married, established a
very successful business, was blessed with two sons
and a wonderful home life.

When his sons became of age and were able to
take over his business, and his wife financially secure,
he announced to his family that he owed a debt which
he had to pay. He was a fugitive from the law and
must return to pay his debt and to give peace to his
conscience.

Was he a fool, or shall we say, “It took a good
man to do a thing like that?”

Perhaps we can say that there is something in
the nature of man which demands either that he
must accept the penalty of the law for his crimes or
else suffer the penalty which conscience imposes
upon him.

Can we defy the laws which govern the function-
ing of the body and escape the penalty; can we
refuse to eat and yet live?

Can we defy God’s moral laws and escape the
penalty ; can we commit or engage in immoral acts
and yet live?

One of the Prophets wrote, “The soul that
sinneth, it shall die.’’ The moral character of the
individual dies a slow death when it is forced by us
to go against its God given nature, and it is only
when we humbly acknowledge our sins (against God)
or our crimes (against society), and accept the
sufferings and deprivations which are the natural and
inescapable consequences that we can know true
peace and freedom.

The fugitive described in the opening paragraph
while voluntarily committing himself to prison, is
finding peace and freedom for the first time in
thirty years.

Man is entrusted with grave responsibilities.
He loves to reveal God’s love. He works to reveal
God’s creativity, and he cares to reveal that God
also cares. He also stands for justice (sometimes
feebly) as a representative of God’s justice.

In the name of God he pronounces judgment,
and as creations of God we not only expect it but we
insist upon its conditions being fulfilled although
we may believe that we are trying to escape it.
