---
id: "636"
title: "Turn Down My Glass"
author: "Gindle, Charles"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Turn Down
My Glass

by Charles Gindle

When the A.A. first came to E.S.P. the ECHO
intended having one of its reporters write about its
accomplishments, if any. However the evnthusiasm
that first meeting generated would have taxed a more
prolific writer than our staff possesses, so m trying to
capture the feeling of an A.A. meeting we asked one of
the initial members to describe in his own words what
occurred.

The Editor

Every other Saturday afternoon in this institution,
the bandroom is unusually quiet. Gone are the blare
of the trumpets, the roll of drums, and the clash of
cymbals. Instead, in the bandroom 10 men are gath-
ered, men who know they are alcoholics. They have
individually evaluated themselves and learned, once
and for all that they cannot drink any kind of alcoh-
olic beverage and act normally while under its
influence.

Many of these ten attended the first A.A. meeting
merely for ‘‘kicks’’, just to see how an alcoholic
behaves. Of course they did not believe that they
themselves were alcoholics, they merely came to the
meeting to change the dull routine of the ordinary
Saturday afternoon in prison with something different
from which they might find enjoyment. How can I
say this? I can, because this is how I found the A.A.
I had been told about the A.A. group to be formed
in this institution and that it would do me some good
to attend it. I knew that drinking had caused me to
eet in a lot of trouble, but I wasn’t an alcoholic - no,
not me. But as I have said, attending the meeting
would be a different way to spend a Saturday after-
noon so for that reason I went. When I first walked
into the bandroom and saw the chairs lined up, and
the piano standing by, the thought went through my
mind that any minute now tambourines would start
to jingle and someone would begin to preach. In
anticipation I kept an eye on the nearest exit.

Much to my surprise this didn’t happen, instead a
fellow named Mike began telling of his problems with
drink, never suggesting that we should stop drinking
upon our release, or asking us to join A. A.

As I listened to him I thought I was safe because
this story seemed to indicate to me that I wasn’t an
alcoholic. Then the second speaker took the floor.
His name I don’t remember and I regret it because
he is the one that I should remember above all others.
The reason? Because then and there I started to
listen intently to a man I had never seen before who
was telling me my past history.

It seemed incredible to me that this stranger was
not talking to me, but about me. The only difference
between his life and mine was the outcome. He had
joined the A. A. and with their help had learned to
lead a normal life, while I, without their help had
ended up with a number for a name.

A third speaker took the floor and gave us his
history. Then the meeting was closed with the
Lord’s prayer, which is always used to end A. A.
meetings.

That night I couldn’t help but think about the
meeting and I decided to attend the next one. I did,
and I haven’t missed one since. I am quite certain.
that there are many more men in here that need the
A. A. as much as the members of our group do. But
however much we would like you to join us, no one
is going to force you. Remember that our group is
always there to welcome you when you sincerely
desire to stop drinking once and for all. Here’s
hoping we see you at our next meeting.
