---
id: "637"
title: "Profile"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Mention the name of Earl Brown to any one ot
Lastern’s 1200 men and their faces will Hght up in
anticipation of a good story. For a man who is faced
with the incredible sounding sentence of from fifty to
one hundred years, Earl remains remarkably cheerful
and his unquenchable spirit seems to infect those
around him.

Frankly, if it were not for the walls surrounding
him, Brown could be the prototype of the typical
young American we read so much about. His inter-
ests, aside from occupational ones, range over a wide
span and include studying Art, composing for and
learning musical instruments, and participating in
institutional sports. Despite their diversity, he has
become an accomplished amateur in all these avoca-
tions.

Profile
by Robert F. Cullen

In his paintings he has achieved what a nationally
known illustrator describes as ‘‘indicative of an
understanding of human nature. His pastels, while
not professionally acceptable, are colorful enough te
erace the walls of the average home.’’ Recognizing
the limitations of his trying to earn a living as an
illustrator, Earl used the artistic ability he does have
to advantage by enrolling in a correspondence course
in lettering and sign painting as taught by an accred-
ited commercial school. After two years study his
teacher feels that he is competent enough to supple-
ment his income, (if released) by working on signs
for neighborhood businesses. It is indicative of
Brown’s maturity that he didn’t butt his head against
a stone wall in this instance, but accepted his hmit-
ations and profited by recognizing them.

As for full time work, Earl has mastered several
trades here. His being the commonsense theory that
if he is laid off for any reason he will be capable
of applying for a position in some other type of work.

I’d like to dwell for a moment on two words
that I’ve used in describing Brown—maturity and
commonsense. While the average person is accepted
as having these qualities, we all too often find that
under the pressures of ‘‘doing time,’’ a man may
become emotional and let his anxieties betray his
judgment. That our subject is cognizant of such a |
possibility and has learned to cope with it is evidenced
by his perfect record for the past eleven years. Yet,
he has managed to balance somberness with light-
heartedness to obtain a degree of stability that many
of us envy.

Earl’s lightheartedness is reflected in several
musical compositions (like, songs) that he has written.
Unfortunately, he hasn’t been able to address them to
a publisher as he feels that his chances of having
them accepted will be lessened by submitting them
from a penitentiary. However, he has had them
appraised by several musicians, and while they were
not so enthusiastic as to the extent of swearing to
play no one elses’ material ’til death their instru-
ments part, they did assure him his efforts were
worthwhile and urged him to keep composing.

Along about here a few readers begin to wonder,
a little cynically perhaps, ‘‘ What in the world is such
a talented person doing in prison in the first place?”’
It is without candor that we say when Brown and so
many like him came here they were potentially cap-
able of raising themselves above the average, but
hadn’t realized their worth because of lack of oppor-
tunity, immaturity, or any one of a dozen other
reasons. It is what the man has accomplished in
self-improvement while here, that makes him our
selection for profile. That we have over a thousand
biographies to choose four profiles a year from, and
hundreds more coming in each year, should in itself
explain that the man we chose is above the ordinary.
