---
id: "638"
title: "Little of Echoes of Time"
author: "MYERS, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Little Echoes
of Time

by Henry Myers

On July 16, 1945 the residents of Hiroshima, Japan,
were subjected to the most terrible creation that man
has devised—the Atomic Bomb. In the years follow-
ing this blast, the question in the mind of the Ameri-
can public has been, “What if our country were at-
tacked by this same weapon?” Would those who
escaped death from the explosion itself die later be-
cause of the multiple burns suffered in the tremen-
dous wave of heat? Or, if they were fortunate enough
to survive the burns, would they have to walk
through life wearing the scarred tissues that had
been seared by the flames? Could the medical pro-
fession come up with the answer? Science felt that,
given the chance, it could; but how to prove it? You
just can’t say, “Let’s drop an A-Bomb on some small
town, and maybe we’ll have some survivors left
over to use aS guinea pigs.” And so the problem re-
mained—where to find the victims of an attack that
couldn’t be made.

Many years later, a macabre scene is taking place
here at Eastern State. An inmate lays on a sterile
operating table, his eyes nervously following the
movements of a man making adjustments on a box-
like gadget that had all the earmarks of something
from the pages of a science-fiction magazine. As the
man approaches him, the prisoner tenses and closes
his eyes in an ostrich-like attempt to hide the sight
of the machine which is being placed on his left thigh.
Then all his senses are shocked by agonizing pain as
2,000 degrees of heat burn into his flesh. Heat intense
enough to turn a bar of iron into a liquid puddle, or
melt titanium into a molten mass.

His body hadn’t finished recovering from the first
wave of hurt when the box was placed on his other
leg. This time his eyes were wide open and he caught
a blur of motion us a small shutter opened in the
mechanism. Tor a brief second his flesh was bathed
in the white glare of pure radiant heat, and once
again a floodtide of pain ripped through him.

Was society returning to the Dark Ages and tor-
turing captives with more modern techniques rather
than the outmoded rack and thumbscrew? Of course
not! This prisoner, along with other volunteers, was
being burned under scientific observation in the hope
that, should atomic war come, we would be able to
treat the survivors with more than superficial care
and pensions. The men involved in this experiment
differ from those in other scientific explorations in
that they are not given any anesthesia, and even dur-
ing the most painful moments are not held to the
operating table by anything other than their own
will power. They are experiencing the same suffering
that will be visited upon any of us who fall victim to a
nuclear war only they know in advance just how
terrible the pain will be, perhaps a greater torture
psychologically.

If the first step of the experiment seems unbear-
able, the next is equally so. After the burn is inflic-
ted, a week is allowed to pass, and then a piece of the
burnt flesh—roughly a half inch deep and the size of
a half dollar—is cut out. The incision is then covered
with a piece of skin from an unborn calf which the
physician in charge, Doctor Sokolic, hopes will act
as a sealer and healing agent. If the scientific ex-
pectations are fulfilled the next generations may be
spared of the fears we know today.

In bringing you this chapter in research we do not
try to conceal the fact that the inmate’s part is vivid-
ly illustrated in an attempt to show society the
lengths to which a man will go in trying to pay some-
thing on the account he owes. The usual argument
brought up by the cynic is something on the line that,
“They’re only doing it to help make parole.” Unfor-
tunately there is no pact between the Parole Board
and the inmate which assures him a release if he
lends his body to experimentation. More often than
not, the volunteers consist of men doing a long term
or those having only a year or two to do, neither hav-
ing a need to worry about making parole. Also, In
many cases of inmate charities we find group activ-
ities and not individual acts. For an example we
would like to show you a few of the acts of some of
our nation’s most “Hardened Criminals.”

State Prison, Rahway, N. J.:—Kuifteen inmates
each volunteered to part with a rib in an effort to aid
an eight year old in his battle with dread leukemia.
Doctors hope to combat the blood disease with injec-
tions of marrow from the ribs of at least four of the
volunteers.

Indiana State Reformatory :—Veterans and U.S.
Army hospitals receive 600 pints of blood annually
from this prison, and each Christmas several hundred
dollars are contributed to “Clothe a Child’’ and
“Cheer” funds.

Louisiana State Penitentiary :—Two thousand dol-
lars contributed to a relief fund for victims of a hur-
ricane.

Missouri State Penitentiary:—Inmates used for
experiments in which blood was drawn from schizo-
phrenic patients and injected into their systems. The
inmates of this pen also contributed $1,700 for the
purchase of Christmas toys for orphans and needy
children.

Ohio State Penitentiary :—In a search for a cancer
cure, Inmates were inoculated with live cancer eells.
The inmate population also contributed over 3,000
pints of blood to the Red Cross.

Michigan State Prison:—Last year these men do-
nated a total of 7,875 pints of blood and contributed
2,093 dollars to the ““March of Dimes.”

U.S. Penitentiary, Atlanta, Ga.:—Members of the
prison population permitted themselves to be bitten
by malarial mosquitoes, with the result that 400 of
them contracted the disease. From these experiments
a new vaccine was developed. In another instance,
ten men were selected from a volunteer group of two
hundred to give strips of skin for a transplant graft
for a five year old girl who had suffered third degree
burns over a large portion of her body.

Virginia State Penitentiary :—At this institution
prisoners were also involved in the atomic radiation
burn tests from which scientists are hopeful of ob-
taining the knowledge that may save thousands of
lives in the event of nuclear attack.

ALL PENITENTIARIES, U.S.A. — In a year’s
period a total of almost 70,000 Pints of Blood was
donated to the American Red Cross and other organi-
zations throughout the country by inmates. This rep-
resented well over a million dollars worth of plasma,
and averaged out to one out of every three inmates
donating. When you consider that it is impossible,
due to medical reasons, etc., for all inmates to donate,
the above is an impressive statistic that would put to
shame a city of comparable side.

The list reads on and on, each prison having its
own programs toward helping in the only way they
can—by giving their blood, lending their bodies, or
donating the few cents they earn. Can your com-
munity say the same?

It’s not commonly known, but the insect “Reduvius
Personatus” is about to institute a suit against
Eastern for alienation of food supply. Nope, you’re
wrong! He doesn’t feed on humans, but loves to dine
on other insects, and the delight of his heart (or
rather stomach) is a steady diet of roaches, with bed-
bugs for dessert. At one time our place was a four-
star entry on all the Duncan Hines’ lists of the inseect-
eater’s world.

The beauty of it was that no matter how much he
ate there was always a fresh supply on hand. Matters
were almost out of control when two inmates,
“Honest John” Crowley and Ed Halbert, came on the
scene. Let’s face it—nobody relishes being a bug-
killer, ’eause those fumes aren’t exactly eau de
cologne, and there are many easier jobs on hand.
Maybe that’s the true measure of a man, the realiza-
tion that someone has to do the job and the initiative
to carry it through.

If commendations were given out for inmates most
appreciated by other inmates, John and Ed would
certainly have to stand near the top of the list for
the simple reason that since they started “Operation
Stomp,” the insect problem has disappeared. In lieu
of a commendation about the best way to express our
appreciation is to say through the Echo, “Thanks.”
