---
id: "639"
title: "Glory Hallelujah!"
author: "Sliva, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Glory
Hallelujah

by Henry 
Sliva

Sunday at Marble City Penitentiary, like every-
where else in the God-fearing South, was a day of
rest. Rest—not relaxation, as in the sinful North.
The prisoners, exhausted by six days of hard labor in
the nearby rock quarry, would have appreciated that
day of rest but for the fact that the prison chaplain
was ever alert to the danger of idle hands and minds.

He made it his business to thwart the evil works of
the devil during this day of idleness by holding a two
hour religious service during which attendance was
compulsory. Although a Southern Baptist by trade
and conviction, the chaplain did not allow this fact to
lessen his zeal to administer to the spiritual needs of
the Catholic, the Jew, and even the one Moslem in
the prison. To him they were all God’s children, and
he felt he had a mandate from that Superior Being
to watch over them inasmuch as they were neglected
by the shepherds of their own sects.

Every Sunday afternoon the prisoners were herded
into the chapel. Each mechanically took the hymn
book that was handed him at the door. Indistinguish-
able as individuals, the fifteen hundred worshippers
found seats in the huge auditorium under the curious
eyes of the usual visitors. Visitors were drawn to the
prison by reports of the religious revival of epic pro-
portions which was sweeping the penitentiary. Mostly
women of strong religious bent in the first place, they
were on hand to see for themselves that those lost to
society need not necessarily pass from the sight of
the Lord if properly shepherded.

The good chaplain opened with a short sermon on
the rewards of righteousness. His delivery was made
with awesome serenity, as though it was his privilege
to be addressing a congregation of angels rather than
a gathering of convicts. There seemed to be no need
for tirades against sin, and he made none.

After the sermon he looked at the blank faces star-
ing up at him, and said, “Now we will sing. Is there
any particu—”

A hand shot up interrupting him, and an enthusias-
tie voice shouted, “Two twenty-two!”

“Two twenty-two,” cooed the chaplain as he turned
the pages of his hymnal. “Ah—that is ‘Washed In
The Blood Of The Lamb’.”

The chaplain piped an introductory note that drew
from fifteen hundred throats a roaring response.
Perhaps this singing lacked the harmonic purity of
the Sistine Choir, but it had power!

At the completion of the opening number, and for
those visitors who might still have doubts that the
spirit of the Lord was truly upon his flock, the chap-
lain gave his well-rehearsed commercial. “Now,
where else in a community of fifteen hundred souls is
to be found such a unity with the Lord? Truly their
singing is a living proof that the Lord reaches the
most inaccessible places. What you have just heard
is the Joyous expression of fifteen hundred men who
have found glory in the fact that the Lord finds them
acceptable despite their past sins. I wish I could take
some credit for the great collective devotion you have
heard here, but I cannot. Indeed, I sometimes won-
der if I am needed here at all.”

He turned and beamed kindly at the sea of faces
before him for a long moment, then asked, “Is there
any other num—"

Again a hand shot towards the ceiling. This time
from another row of seats. “Two forty-one,” boomed
a voice.

“Two forty-one,” repeated the chaplain.
Once again the chaplain’s first note was drowned
out by the thunderous voices of the worshippers, each
vying to sing louder than the other as though Gabriel
was calling the roll at that very moment.

Needless to say, the visitors were greatly impressed.
Some refused to accept the chaplain’s explanation
that all the credit should be given to the Lord. When
some protested that he must have played a major role
in this miraculous work, he blushed modestly and
said, “Perhaps a very small part.”

One of the visitors, a woman who had heard the
prisoners sing on two successive Sundays, was con-
vinced that the chaplain could, if he wanted, inspire
a jackass to sing a canto in G-minor. At least that
was the impression her brother received as he listened
to her excited portrayal of the miracle after her last
visit. At various times throughout his career as a
“traveling man” for a girdle manufacturer he had
spent long periods in the Northern states, and had
therefore attained a degree of sophistication which
made him subject to the verbal attacks of his redneck
brother-in-law, who referred to him as “‘just like one
of those Yankee non-believers.”

Both to please his sister and satisfy his own curi-
osity, the salesman accompanied her on her next trip
to hear the prisoners perform. His awe of the myste-
rious had long ago been dispelled by his experience
of the many minor mysteries concealed under the
constricting panels of his girdles. Thus, he was nat-
urally alert and suspicious as they sat through the
service. He watched more than he listened while the
prisoners blasted forth on their two hymns of the
morning. The whole thing struck him as a well-
rehearsed play with a sub-plot that remained con-
cealed from the audience.

Unlike the others he made no comments upon the
completion of the singing. Instead, he inquired as to
what time of the day prisoners were released who
had served all their time. Still reserving his judge-
ment, he remained noncommittal when his sister and
brother-in-law asked his opinion of the affair he had
just witnessed.

At nine the next morning, the girdle salesman
parked his car in sight of the prison gate. The place
was two miles from town proper. Soon he saw a man
come out of the gate and head in the direction of
town. By his clothes and general appearance of be-
wilderment, the salesman concluded this was a re-
leasee and not an employee of the institution. As
the man came abreast of the car, he offered him a lift,
and five minutes later they stopped in front of a
restaurant. Although visibly puzzled as to why a
complete stranger should take an interest in him, the
ex-convict accepted the salesman’s offer of a meal.

When the released man had become lost in the first
steak he had tasted in four years, the girdle salesman
asked, “Tell me something. Why do those cons sing
the way they do at those Sunday exhibitions?”

The ex-con foreed down his throat a poorly masti-
cated piece of meat. He looked at the salesman with
an odd smile, then bent his head over his plate. “Feel
here.”

“Why, that’s a lump,” said the salesman. “How
did you get that?”

“I hid out yesterday to duck the singing,” said the
ex-con. “But the hacks found me and gave me a
little working over. Not too much, because I was
getting out today. Just a light once-over.” He
paused to gulp down the full cup of coffee.

The salesman called the waitress, and she came
over and picked up the empty cup. The ex-con’s eyes
followed her swaying rear for a brief moment. The
salesman was watching her also, but for a different
reason. He was speculating as to whether she was
wearing one of his “Sylphform” girdles.

“Mister,” the ex-con continued, “all that you see
back there at that joint on Sundays is faked faith, as
I calls it. They give you no choice. You either sing
to Jesus, or you yell for mercy to the keepers while
they beat you up afterwards. You saw those hacks
walking up and down the aisles? Well, they were
taking the numbers of any guys whose mouths
weren't moving like the others. And those cons that
raised their hands so fast? They’re shills working
for the Warden to make it look like we’re eager to
sing. They never ask for the “Old Rugged Cross”
either. Most of the boys there feel they’ve been
carrying the cross further than Jesus did. See,
Mister?”

“Yeah,” said the salesman. “Except for one thing.
You said something about shills for the Warden.
You meant to say the chaplain, didn’t you?”

The ex-con laughed. "Nope, I sure didn't. He
really thinks we’re little angels. He’s so interested
in the Lord’s works that he doesn’t even notice the
works of the hacks and the Warden. You see, the
first time the Warden got the idea, some newspaper
reporter came to the chapel and wrote the whole deal
up. How a religious revival was sweeping through
Marble City Prison. After that the Warden couldn’t
let go. He had a tiger by the tail. So now the hacks
have orders to see that every man goes to church and
sings, and I mean—sing!”

"Well, I'll be. . . . ." said the salesman.

“Yeah. The funny thing is the chaplain thinks
he’s been called by the Lord, and he’s going on the
revival circuit next month. Said that although he’s
sorry to leave us, his work is done here. He thinks
he’s another Billy Graham.”

The ex-convict turned to finish his steak, and the
salesman got up to leave. He handed over a five
dollar bill. “Take it,” he said to the surprised felon.
Thanks for the story.”

That evening when his sister again brought up the
subject of the chaplain’s wondrous work within the
prison, he brought the discussion to a close by re-
marking cryptically, “Sis, do you think they’ll ever
invent a moral girdle that’ll make hypocrisy less ugly
than it is?”
