---
id: "640"
title: "For The Defense"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FOR THE DEFENSE

by JAMES "MIKE" SMITH

Harvard University Press recently published a
series of studies entitled: “Predicting Delinquency
and Crime.” Made by two Harvard Law School re-
searchers, Professor Sheldon Glueck and his wife, Dr.
Eleanor Glueck, the studies support a theory that by
checking selected factors in a person's life history,
one can pick out the children, men, and women most
apt to become society’s delinquents or criminals.

Directive tables have been set up calculated to
spot four specific types:

1. Children likely to get into trouble with the
police.

2. Criminals most likely to be troublemakers in
prison.

3. Prisoners most likely to commit new crimes if
released on parole.

4. Delinquents and criminals who have a good
chance of reforming.

According to the Gluecks, their “prediction tables”
are aimed to help judges, prison officials, social
workers, clinicians dealing with the problem of crime.
The studies state that juvenile delinquents are main-
ly governed by four factors of their environments.
These are family life, school record, early anti-social
behavior, and of what country the parents are na-
tives. They further state that male offenders who
adapt best to correctional treatment in institutions
include men of foreign birth rather than natives;
sons of poor rather than comfortably established
families; and men who started work at an early
rather than a late age.

Male troublemakers in prison or on parole were
found primarily in these brackets: early delinquency
in childhood; inferior intelligence ; poor work habits;
low educational achievement of the parents; and a
small family rather than a large one. According to
one report, testing the prediction tables on a group
of boys who were “behavior problems” to their
teachers, it was proven 90% per cent effective in
distinguishing the “true delinquents” from the
“pseudodelinquents.”

Leaving alone the question of who firstly classified
these boys as either true or pseudodelinquents, it
seems to me that an effectiveness of 90% is nothing
to boast about when relating or categorizing people
into any kind of classifications. All too often in this
“scientific age” do we find tables, charts, and mass
statistics applied to people and areas where only
human judgment on an individual basis can be eq-
ultable or at least close to fair. Although psycholo-
gists and researchers consistently warn the layman
that their tests and studies can only be applied effec-
tively groupwise, they are also the most consistently
cuilty of doing just the opposite and passing judg-
ment upon an individual case because of certain
factors derived from mass testing.

For instance, let us suppose that the Glueck “pre-
diction tables” were to be used as “a guide” by the
Parole Boards of the country. It is fairly safe to say,
in view of past experience, that any such guide would
shortly become a sacred and infallible yardstick re-
placing human judgment, which although fallible is
at least still human. Were an applicant’s life history
to reveal that he fell into the category regarded most
likely to fail on parole, his chances would be dim in-
deed although there is a 10% chance that he will be
successful and refute the tables.

For some time I have viewed with a cynical eye
the steady drift of sociological investigations and
studies away from individual casework toward ever
more inclusive mass reports and studies. Far rather
than have “prediction tables” telling us things we
already know are true in 90% of the failures in life,
I would appreciate someone publishing a study re-
vealing the secret of those who successfully fought
such adverse factors as broken homes and poverty,
and through this only real test—the test of day by
day living—have displayed the largely ignored fact
that man is an individual creation and not a mass
phenomena.

While discussing sociological studies, I may as well
attack another citadel of science—psychoanalysis.
Although termed a science, psychology has always
struck me as being so full of unknowns, paradoxes,
and antitheses as to be a highly dubious one. My
opinions in this matter gain stature when supported
or rather co-opined by such an authority as Dr. H. J.
Eysenck, Professor of Psychology, University of
London. In a recent Reader’s Digest article he of-
tered the following statements by other members of
nis profession:

Dr. Melitta Schmideburg :-“There is no reason to
assume that the results of analytic treatment today
are in anyway more satisfactory, more lasting or
more frequently good than those of 30 years ago.
There is no reason to assume that they are better
than the results attained by any other method of
psychotherapy or, perhaps, than results of sponta-
neous recovery.”

Dr. Harry L. Weinstock :-“No claims regarding the
therapeutic usefulness of analytic treatment are
made by the American Psychoanalytic Association.
We are not responsible for claims made by individ-
uals in whom enthusiasm may outrun knowledge.”

Dr. Peter G. Denker :-“Of 500 severe neuroties sent
to family doctors, 2 out of 3 recovered. The same
percentage as under psychoanalysis.”

The learned authorities quoted answer adequately
the question asked so many inmates, ““Why don’t you
participate in our therapy programs?” If psycholo-
gists themselves cannot agree on the worth of such
programs, who is going to convince the inmate lay-
man?

“From each one of us each passing year takes
something.’’ The quote is from Horace, but since so
far as is known he never served a jail sentence, I do
not believe he really knew how true were the words
he had spoken.

Of course, time does not stand still outside prison
walls either, but there its passage brings with it ample
recompense. Time also ages the people of the free
world, but each infinitesimal moment brings with it
the opportunity to change directions in life. The
possiblity always exists, however faint, that the next
minute, the next day, or the next year may see
changes for the better.

And even if things don’t become better, at least
things happen! Each moment of time is spent in
living, and not in dormant stagnation as is the case °
in prison. In the process of living, time’s passage
brings to the free individual sights, scenes, and
actions which may be stored in the cavernous vaults
of the mind to be recalled later as pleasurable mem-
ories that life did have its worthwhile, and even
happy moments. Thus, in free society do the passing
years add something to life, if at the same time they
rapidly devour each man’s assigned span upon this
earth.

Contrarily, in prison the passing years add nothing
to an inmate’s life. They merely pass, marked by the
flutter of the calendar pages as they record the
completely uneventful days. And in their passing,
they certainly do ‘‘From each of us take something.”

They take away our youth, our spirit, our hope,
our sense of kinship with humanity, our very know-
ledge of life itself. For what do we know of living?
They take away the very sap of our vitality, and by
their cruel monotony attempt to remold us into non-
troublesome, non-thinking robots, thoroughly insti-
tutionalized. Some inmates successfully resist time’s
constant erosion of their spirit, and retain the spark
of soul which placed them, at the moment of their
creation, together with all mankind, on the top rung
of the ladder of evolution. In other prisoners this
heht flickers and finally fails under the unflageing
drip, drip of endless time. They are no longer fit to
rejoin free society, as they are no longer creatures
of free-will, but hopeless automatons merely going
through the motions of living, no longer capable of
actively participating in life.

And while it takes away, time adds: nothing to our
lives. No dawn awakening brings with it hope, anti-
cipation, or eagerness to arise and partake of life.
Hope has been suspended by the sentence of the court
and we must await the arrival of a day far in the
future before we can once again thrill to the wondez
of “What’s going to happen today?’’ We know
what’s going to happen today, tomorrow, and the
next day for the length of our sentence. Nor do ths
passing days leave memories to be stored away for
pleasurable re-enjoyment at some later time. Remem-
ber one day of a ten year sentence and you remember
them all. They are all the same—dead, emotionless,
uneventful, meaningless deserts of time.

Yet, I suppose there is only one recourse. As the
judge said to the defendant who protested that he
would never be able to pull all the time involved in
his lengthy sentence: “Do as much as you ean,
son, do as much as you can!”
