---
id: "641"
title: "30 for Hank the Tank"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
-30-
for Hank the Tank

by Francis A. Murphy

The editor of the Eastern Echo, James ‘‘Mike’’
Smith, affectionately known as “Deadline Mike,”
(hereafter the right chest shall be struck thrice at
the mention of his name) pointed his chubby little
index finger at me, and said, “You wid the big nose,
e’m ere.” By that simple indication, I knew I was
assigned to write the profile on Henry “Hank, the
Tank” Myers, our large economy-sized associate
editor. Beefy and belligerent Hank, all heart and
lard—220 pounds of it.

Our Hank is about to continue on his way in the
search for success after a six-year interruption
caused by over-exuberance while indulging in one
of his boyish pranks. (The proverbial grains of salt
should be taken in large doses at this juncture.)

When Hank was asked if he was ready to take his
place in society, he replied, “I ain’t takin’ nuttin’ that
ain’t mine, and I don’t know nuttin’ about society.
I’m for the common people.”

Hank, as most of you are aware, writes the “Little
Echoes” column. The title “Little Echoes” for some
remote reason, reminds me of the after affects of eat-
ing too many radishes. However, he writes and lives
by a simple code—his friends are always right, and
his few enemies are never right. It’s a harsh code,
but it saves our Hank from making complex de-
cisions. This is convenient, as Hank just hates to
make complex decisions. As a matter of fact, Hank
doesn’t know what complex decisions actually are.

It was just 10:00 A.M. when our editor, Mike
“Where’s the Ink” Smith, (Don’t forget—strike your
breast) said, "O.K., Nose, point the horn toward
Hank’s cell, and take off. Bring me some usable
copy." Soooo, away I hied to Jelly Belly’s cell.

I hesitate to call Hank’s domicile a cell, because
when I arrived there I took the liberty of looking in
after genuflecting the usual three times—deep knee
bends, of course. I heard the haunting strains of
Ravel's “Bolero” bemeg played om an out of tune
mandolin with one string missing. I knocked and
requested permission to enter. Someone bade me to
come in, and as I did so, I was shook down and told to
stand at attention until told to stand otherwise.

My unbelieving eyes were stunned by the scene
which confronted me. The decor of this cat’s cubicle
was magnificent. The walls were a royal chartreuse
with a dab of robin’s-egg blue, while the ceiling was
cherry-vanilla, sprinkled lberally with roasted al-
monds. A Rembrandt painting was hung conspic-
uously for all to appreciate and marvel at. (That’s
Joe Rembrandt, a confirmed chain-smoker who re-
cently passed on from smoking chains. )

The furniture was a flaming flamingo-red, with a
dab or two of sky-blue-pink. Two contour chairs
were noticeable by their ingenuity of design. They
were made from two discarded oil-drums, very ex-
quisitely arranged and quite smart-looking. My daz-
zled eyes then came to rest on the reason for my visit,
“Hank, the Tank’”—old Jelly Belly, himself. He was
lying on a chaise lounge, surrounded by the maegnifi-
cent splendor to which his life had accustomed him.
He was attired in golden-yellow pajamas, stained in
the front by a dead egg-yolk. Over his pajamas he
wore a blackberry and orange-tinted lounging robe,
trimmed with sparkling sequins, and with cuffs and
collar trimmed in rare Mexican Hairless fur.

He was idly smoking an extra-king-size Bull
Durham in a fifteen inch cigarette-holder, while eat-
ing assorted chocolates from a 22 pound box. His
eell partner, Knobby, a peasant type, broke another
string on the mandolin and quit playing for the day.
However, he did start fanning Hank who was
stretched out supine on his bony spine. For a fan,
Knobby was using a six pound slab of ham which
was attached to a three foot bamboo pole.

I coughed politely to gain the big man’s attention.
He slowly turned his lion-lke head in my direction,
and with perfect tonal quality, pure and unadulter-
ated diction, and precise enunciation, said, “Yer
spreddin goims, ya bum. Whassa-matter wid ya?”

I lost my head at this point, amd said, “Gee-
willikers!” You see, I was dully impressed, or is that
"duly"? "Mr. Myers," I said, "I am here at the re-
quest of our beloved editor—”

“All Hail!” Myers interrupted.

“—to ask you to give me a few facts on yourself to
be published for the edification of our many readers.”

“Let the readers eddificate themselves, son,” he
replied, “but I'll answer the questions.”

ED’S NOTE: This publication and its employees
(we woik for nuttin’) are not re-
sponsible for the following state-
ments made by two nervously mal-
adjusted left-overs from the mal-
adjusted era of 1929.

Henry “Hank, the Tank” Myers, aged 36, 34, 29, 27,
and 21 when in the presence of the opposite sex (gee,
is there another one?). His naturalization papers
earry him as thirty-six, single—not by choice, and
born in a log-cabin that he helped his daddy to build.
There is some doubt as to the credulity of the state-
ment that he was found in a basket on the steps of
Alcoholics Anonymous. ... . His education covers
several well-known Eastern schools, omitting Eastern
Correctional, of course. . . . . Six years perfect at-
tendance at “Hardly Normal,” a school for over-
srown left-handed boys. He was athletic director
there, and played Left Tiddle as the Tiddlywinks
team. . . . . One year at ‘‘Nervous State’’ where he
was a "Phelta Thi" man until they caught him. . . . .
A grade “A” student at “Tick-Tack-Tech” where he
was also captain of the Nudist team until expelled
for growing a beard that reached to his knees. When
the Dean questioned him about this, he replied,
“Somebody had to go for coffee.” He was later ac-
cepted at "Vassar.’’ When I questioned him as to
how he could have entered a girl’s school, he said,
“I lied about my age.”

When I asked him how he made his money before
entering this vale-of-tears, he informed me that as a
boy, he had invented a “Do-It-Yourself” kit from
which absolutely nothing could be made. At the age
of eight he was real bored with everything, so gave
up on inventions. He further related that he was at
one time married to an angel—a girl who was always
up in the air and harping on something. When I in-
quired if he missed her, he said, “If I did, I should
never be trusted with fire-arms again.”

He came to Mike “Roll-Em” Smith’s attention
when he submitted a story about a mouse that ran
away from home because he found out his father was
a rat. When Mike read that little gem, he shouted,
“Huzzah, Huzzah! I must have that man on my staff.
He’s another O. Henry.” Mike was right, too. All
Hank’s stories have a tug-at-the-heart, lump-in-the-
throat, and sick-on-the-stomach effect. Today, our
Hank is a new man. He’s ready for the free world.
He’s back on his invention kick, and has trusted me
with the knowledge that he has just perfected a
wooden nutmeg which he intends to sell to a tribe of
friendly Indians, who are encamped on the out-skirts
of Cleveland, waiting for the Indians to win the
pennant.

I also know for a fact that he has given up posing
for the picture that goes on iodine bottles. It is also
a fact that our Hank did not go stir-bugs from being
penned in his play-pen at the age of six. It’s true
that he was an under-privileged boy, because he
didn’t have his own ear until he was thirteen.

AUTHOR’S NOTE: In all seriousness, Hank, you
have our highest regards and well-wishes in all that
you do in your free future. Mike and I will miss you,
as will the rest of the staff and the many friends you
have made during your sojourn here. Remember,
Hank, the hardest part about keeping to the straight
and narrow, is following such a faint trail. Wherever
you go, Timbuctoo or Texas, may the best of
fortune’s smiles follow you always. Give us a thought
now and then. . . . . . . . . 
