---
id: "642"
title: "Spotlight on Chess"
author: "HARMAN, N. L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0034.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Spotlight On Chess

by Norman L. Harman

The first season of League Competition has drawn to an end
for our club. It was one of bitter disappointments and some
bright spots.

We shall now look at what happened in the concluding matches
played since our last issue.

The Ukrainian-American Chess Club visited the institution on
February 15th and left the victors by a score of 3144-1\% as
M. Santa, J. Koltun and B. Senyk posted wins for U-K over
W. Hallowell, T. Williams and A. Paschedag, while T. Brawner
bested R. Hewko, and M. Pearson drew with I. Nowakiwski.
T. Brawner sharpened up his thinking by doing math problems
before the visitors arrived.

On March 6th, the University of Pennsylvania Chess Team
opposed our club in a match that would either make or break
ESP’s season as far as the Championship Team was concerned.
However, the men of ESP were able to pull a victory out of a
very hotly contested match by the following method: M. Pearson
defeated MacNamara for the latter’s first loss in fifteen game..
T. Brawner lost to R. Kelly, and T. Williams was beaten by
S. Friedman, while W. Hallowell and A. Paschedag scored for
ESP over R. C. Lugar and D. Arnold.

On April 2nd the Championship Team turned in a resounding
victory over the Pawn Club as M. Pearson, T. Brawner, and
T. Williams scored points by victories from R. Wisner, C. Smith
and R. Elkerenkoetter. A. Paschedag drew with R. Cintrone
while W. Hallowell was losing to R. Abele.

The Reserve Team had only one match during this time and
routed the Pawn Club by a score of 5-0. A. Swelley, F. Darrah,
A. Rade, C. Norman and N. Harman were the victors over W.
Bland, D. Ellensworth, C. B. Johnson, R. Blackburn and C.
Halsey, to close out their season in great style.

A total of three non-league matches were played by our club
during this time. The first of these was on March 26th, with the
Chessmen of Marple-Newton returning to seck revenge for their
previous defeat. Sixteen boards were put into action for this en-
gagement which saw Darrah, Swelley, Rade, Norman, Moore,
M. Smith and W. Harvey win from E. Kelly, T. Kelly, C. Murter,
A. Saurez, B. Dorey, C. Grey, and W. Morrison. Pearson,
Williams, and Walton drew with Kreutz, Arkless and C. Harvey.
M-N’s winners were F. Ramsey, R. Reimeman, R. Cole, C. Phil-
son, P. Murter and C. Pierdominico who defeated ESP’s
Harman, Thompson, Diggs, Greco, Sell and Murphy.

On April 24th the Houghton Knights returned to ESP for a
match which saw Moore, M. Smith and N. Easley win from F.
Munjat, D. Fowler, and D. Kreirly, while Vargas and B.
Williams beat Poster and Wright. Jordan drew with B. Gross
in the other game.

On May Ist the Kutztown State College Chess Team furnished
the opposition in a match that turned out as a rout when
Pearson, Brawner, Paschedag and Darrah racked up points for
ESP over N. Altman, D. Fishel, B. Bechtel. R. Banmiller. In
the meantime, C. Norman was drawing with D. Adam.

CHESS TRIBUTE
By Thomas Williams

April 5, 1960 was a memorable day for sixty representatives
of the chess association in this institution. A banquet was held
in their honor. Due credit was afforded them, not only for their
skills, but for their rehabilitative efforts. Their exemplary be-
havior has been acclaimed by those who played them. This was
exemplified by the many guests who sacrificed their time in order
to attend the festive occasion.

The festivities began with a full course steak dinner with all
the trimmings. After heartily consuming this delicious repast,
the participants settled. down to the serious business at hand.
Superintendent William Banmiller gave the introductory speech
which consisted of “paying tribute to the fellows for attaining

Martin Pearson re-
ceiving Champion-
ship Award from
Supt. Banmiller [&

the status thus far reached within and outside the institutional
circles."

The highlight of the program was a plaque awarded to the
1960 Chess Champion of this institution. Martin Pearson, the
captain of the chess team, was this year’s proud recipient of
this award. Mr. William Banmiller, Warden, made the presen-
tation.

On being presented with this award, Martin was slightly
speechless but managed to speak these well chosen words: “1
hardly know what to say, but I do want to thank you for this
award. I think the main credit should go to the officials who
made it possible, and to those guests who have been behind us
from the very start.”

These significant words were uttered by a person who devoted
his time and effort to the growth of chess within the institution.
It is necessary at this time to inject a personal feeling of admir-
ation for Martin Pearson, who has given so unselfishly of his
chess knowledge to help his fellow inmates.

Last but not least were the guests and warm personalities who
helped the chess club through the struggling years of its infancy.
They were introduced by Martin Pearson and given a great
ovation. We cite them here because of the intrinsic credit they
so greatly deserve: Mr. Edward Strehle, President., Phila. Chess
Association; Mr. Leland A. Quindry, Greater Northeast Chess
Club; Mr. Joseph Niemalt, President of Post #396 Chess Club
(this year’s Phila. Champions); Mr. David Sherman, Director
of Franklin Mercantile Chess Club; Mr. Samuel N. Gerson,
Treasurer, Phila. Chess Association; Mr. Alfred Suarez, Presi-
dent of Marple-Newton Chess Club; Mr. Steve Friedman, Presi-
dent, University of Penna. Chess Club, and Mr. Joseph Berry,
President of Post 88 Chess Club.

The evening was concluded with a simultaneous exhibition
given by Mr. David Sherman, who opposed five players. The
evening was enjoyed by all present.

The chess club of this institution was organized in the latter
part of October 1957, and since then has progressed into the
outstanding organization it is today. The sincerity by which
the members strove to prove themselves has shown the willing-
ness of these men to create constructiveness and decency within.

For the final ratings of all ESP chess club members and the
championship and reserve section statistics, please turn to
page 35.
