---
id: "643"
title: "Play Ball"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0035.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The
SPORTS
DESK

Joseph McNeair, editor
James R. Stewart, asst. editor

PLAY BALL: Long before April 15, 1960, the scheduled
Cuban League opening date between the Braves of Philip
Ihocke’ and the Giants! of “Little” Tucker, at Cherny Hill
Pitts Field, excitement filled the air. Locke, Big Joe
McNeair, Bob, Norman, Ike and a host of other men could
be observed preparing the field and talking baseball, making
deals and hustling players.

April 15, the Opening Game, was well attended and the
pre-season excitement reached its climax when the Umpire
eried “Play Ball" and Softball, 1960, began. To say the
least, the Braves and the Giants tore into each other.
Braves’ manager, Locke, sent Greeney, Zietz, Mullen, Big
Lou. Harmon, Bubbles, Shep, and Earl were out to scalp
the Giants. ‘‘Little’’? Tucker sent Jesse, Obie, Jake, Dave
Levi, Arkansas, Sampson, Karl, Whiting, and ‘Little’ Pea-
nuts out to repel the Braves vaunted attack.

The chatter from the sidelines and on the field was
peppy and the teams responded with sparkling play. Zietz
cracked a long single and Big Lou slammed a homer for
the bulk of the Braves attack. Sparkling play and good
pitching handcuffed the Braves to just 2 runs while Tucker
and his minute men tallied for 5 runs on hits by Obie,
Dave, Levi, and Karl to take home a 5—2 Opening Game
victory. The high interest and good play let all know that
the 1960 Softball Season at Pitts Field had come in with a
bang and was headed for a banner season.

April 16, 1960, The big Opening Day crowd returned
for this second game of the season between the Falcons
of Big Joe McNeair and the Champion Dodgers of ‘Smart-
Man’’ Wheeler. The “Birds’’ of the Falcons’ nest were
set to fly high but Big Dave, Dodgers pitcher, was in a
wing-clipping mood. He tantalized Clark, Powell, Lucky,
Tennessee, Lenny, Ike, Melvin, Lomax, and Morton with
his blazing fast ball and quick breaking curve. Only Little
was able to solve the ‘‘Iron-man’s’’ stuff. He cracked out
two hits. Despite some brilliant play afield by the Falcons,
wildness by the Falcon pitcher, Don Hyes, let the Dodgers
Alexander, Norman, Mack, Tim, Curley, Pig-meat, Bobby,
Wheeler, Bill, Juice, Shep, and J. Buzzard, waltz home with
a 6—2 victory.
