---
id: "647"
title: "Basketball"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0036.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The big news on the local scene was the adoption of
Pro rules which promises faster and more exciting games
this season.

The league started off with five well-balanced teams,
but one folded and the players were distributed among the
remaining four. At this stage any team is capable of
beating another on any occasion.

The managers and their teams at the start of the
season were Tuffy Wright, Variety; Fricker, Comets;
O’Brien, Reliable; Dave Croxton, Celtics; and Shakey,
Warriors. The Comets dropped out.

SUMMARY OF TEAMS

Variety— Horace (Tuffy) Wright seems to
be content with iast place or he’s giving
the other teams a big handicap. Proof of
this was his picking Cochise over E. Shep
when the Comets collapsed, as Cochise isn’t
playing up to the potential he possesses.
his team has dealt away three of the leagues
best players, but they still have some fine
talent in Crazy Herb, Jake, Barnes, and All-
American Joe. In reserve is more strength,
with Duck, Bernard, Jeff, and Edmonds head-
ing a strong bench.

Celtics—A well - balanced team, the Celtics
have an overabundance of talent. Don Weise
is an excellent shooter and rebounder while
Juice has speed to go with him. Junebug
is better than average at setting up plays
and handling the ball while the rest of the
team: Al Shep, D. Croxton, Smokey, Roose-
velt, Bunny, Big Jim, Norman, and Bogardus,
all have talent.

There is one big stumbling block: too
many individuals, and bulls, with Smokey
leading the herd. Jim could be a real big
asset, but he is inclined to be hotheaded at
times. All in all, this team plays good ball
as long as they hold the lead, and if they
can learn to do as well when they’re behind
they should move up in the ratings. Their
record as we go to press, 8 wins and 7 losses.

Reliable—Now in second place, the Reliables
seem to be the only club that can beat the
Warriors consistantly, taking three of the
five outings. O’Brien has a close-knit team
in Rob Irwin, Harry Fricker, Woody, and
Tucker. The bench boasts a host of fine
players in Billy, Blackie, Fields, Sam, and
tlercules. With the season still young the
Reliable’s are pushing hard for first place.
Woody, Fricker, and O’Brien are players cap-
able of making any team a winner. Reliables’
record now stands at 9 wins and 8 losses.

Warriors—In first place, the Warriors display
an air of confidence, and with Shakey at
the helm will not be easy pickings for any-
body. The starting five include three or
Eastern’s best: Adderly, E. Shep, and a new
comer from the farm, Billy Holley. Adderiy —
and Shep are one and two in league scoring
while Holley is being touted as the fastest
man in the league. Freddy and Shakey round
out the starting quintet, and both are steady-
ing influences when the going gets tough.
Shakey has probably improved more than
any player here during the last season, de-
veloping a good passing game, and above all,
forever hustling.

Wheeler, Mack, C. C. Clark, Abduld, Vernon and Juice
combine to make a strong bench. Wheeler is a hustler who
could and probably will become an accomplished player.

While the rest of the League is rapidly improving, the
Warriors will be the team to beat.

League Statistics on Page 35.

EASTERN BASKETBALL LEAGUE ALL-STARS

May 1, 1960—The E.S.P. Varsity All-Stars played their
first spring-through-summer game against outside competi-
tion today. They entered the game against the Wissihickon
B.C. All-Stars with an air of confidence, and though hard
pressed, emerged victorious with a 47-45 decision.

The game was a nip and tuck affair with the Easterners
having a slight edge in speed and strength on the boards.

W. B. C. had trouble splitting the net in the first half
and our Stars led by a five point margin at the end of the
second quarter. During the first half the Stars’ attack was
paced by Don Weiss, who racked up 8 points, and Harry
Fricker, with six points, while Shep and
Adderly dominated the backboards.

W.B.C's scoring threat in the initial
half was Pugh, number 10, who had a hot
hand, however, he was capably assisted by
a lefthander, Bailey, and Danly, number 9.
These two alternated with driving layups
and some long outside shots.

For W.B.C., Jones and Pugh were tre-
mendous on the boards as they were up
against stiff competition in Shep and Adderly,
two of Eastern’s finest boardmen. Another
strong rebounder was Big Jim, who went in
to relieve Adderly for awhile and three other
Easternites who did yeoman service, Woody,
/ Jake, and ©’Brien. Rounding out the Stars’
team were Tucker, Shakey, and Holley, all
of whom saw action.

Statistics on Page 35.

1st BLOCK BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION

In a prelude to possible outside competi-
tion, the O.B.B.A. All-Stars accepted the chal-
lenge of another local team, Tuffy Wrights’
Variety club, a contender for honors in the
Eastern Major Basketball League. Variety
was represented by several capable perfor-
ers. Big Duck played the high post, while
Jeff Stockley and Shep handled the forward
spots. In the Backeourt Tuffy and Woody
quarterbacked the offense.

For the All-Stars, Big Steve Dejewski
was in the pivot, while two of the leagues
best, Jesse Walters and Bowser started as
forwards. In the guard spots were the All!-
Stars smallest players, Bob ‘‘Irish’’? Cullen
end Funzzy Barosso.

The OBBA’s had a sound bench in Gay-
lord, Manny, Mickey Taylor, Willie Winters,
Billy Wright, Fleming, and Carl Blessing.
Unfortunately, the full team could not be
present for the contest.

The game was played at a wicked pace
with each team holding its own, when Irish
substituted a surprise player for himself,
Willam Wright. In a quick spurt, Wright
took advantage of several brilliant passes
from Funzzy to score nine points, which
gave the Stars a sixty-three to fifty-four
lead at halftime.

In the third quarter OBBA’s lead was
pared down by a few points, but the game
wasn’t decided until the last few minutes
when three outside shots and a layup ended
the game in favor of Tuffy’s Variety.

if the All-Stars can keep up the pace
they set in this game, they may surprise a few people.
A lot will depend on the shooting of two players, Willie
Winters and Bill Palmer, who is to replace Walters. Two
other players leaving in the near future, Wright & Kemp,
will be replaced by Dave Gibbs and Slim.

Statistics on Page 35.
