---
id: "648"
title: "Sport Bits"
author: 'McNEAIR, Joseph "GI"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
SPORT BITS

Softball—The Cuban Softball League dropped the draw-
player system along with two of last years teams, the
Pirates and Yankees, making a four-team league. This
allows six games a week’ with three playing dates per team;
two evening games and one on the weekend. Friday was
left open for rainouts, while Saturday and Sunday after-
noons are open for outside competition.

Horseshoe Pitching—Lee, of 6th block, should be able
to at least toss the shoes in the peg box by now.
6 Gallery, has been grooming him through the winter mouths.
Heat, cold rain or snow have no effect on these two. Be-
hind nine block, Charlie Tapp is still challenging all comers
and sometimes wins a game.

Bocceball—The bocceball courts of late have been draw-
ing a lot of interest. This is probably because of our local
tournament which starts in a few weeks. Greb, Sal Chris,
Peppers, No No, Cox, Holmes and L. Lou are seen daily
trying to get the poleenie to favor them.

Handball—Ex-handball king, Al Jenkins, seems to think
the game is arousing more interest this year among the
sports lovers. He was quoted as saying, ‘‘Right now the
younger players are dominating the courts, but fellows like
Bob Lighteap, Billy Holmes, Boney, and Blackie, who over-
came their opponents with speed and endurance, will be
among the finalists at the close of the handball tournament,
which is due to start around the 30th of June.
