---
id: "653"
title: "The Eastern Echo Mail Bag"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0038.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
To the Editor:

I do want to congratulate you on this issue on
commutation. It reflects scholarship and, above all,
restraint, which is saying a lot. I hope you will do
an article on prison labor, especially one dealing
with the phases of optional and compulsory state use.
It needs doing badly. Let the chips fall where they
may.

Dr. Negley K. Teeters
Professor of Sociology
Temple University

Dear Mr. Smith:

Enclosed is a check for $5.00 for five years sub-
seription to the Eastern Echo. You have a fine
publication and worthy of recognition particularly
by citizens who claim they are interested in our
prisons. I hope you get 100,000 subscribers.

Best wishes,
Sincerely

J.P. Shalloo
Department of Sociology
University of Pennsylvania

Dear Mike:

I meant to write you in comment on your Christ-
mas issue, particularly the cover which impressed me
with the drab bareness of a Yuletide in prison. How-
ever, I’m glad I held off writing as I have before me
your Haster Issue, which I felt was even more
commendable in content. I hate to use platitudes
lout I would! thike ie sey, “Well IDome, 7 Wane J
was not familiar with the subject of commutation
before, I am sure your articles will have helped a
number of other people like myself realize why 1t
means so much to the inmate.

I also enjoyed the two articles by Judge Stout
and Judge Alexander as they lent dignity to your
magazine by presenting the outside viewpoint. Why
didn’t you have a member of the Pennsylvania Board
of Pardons write something on the subject or were
they prohibited from doing so?

About the only fault I can find in the way of
criticism was the cover. I am somewhat puzzled as
to what you meant by an inmate’s view of a Spring
Evening. Would you please explain as I seem to
have missed the point.

Mrs. Agnes Jones
Levittown, N.J.

Our Artist says the cover was an abstract (?)

Dear Mr. Smith:

As you know, I am a subscriber to the EASTERN
ECHO and, as the Warden has undoubtedly told you,
I have a deep interest in the welfare of the men be-
hind the wall. As you may know, I was a judge of
the Court of Common Pleas in Montgomery County
from September 3, 1957 to January 3, 1960 and during
that time I believe I exhibited a very deep interest
in the welfare of the many decent fellows that ocea-
sionally go astray. I very much intend to continue
that interest.

Sincerely,
Morris Gerber,
Attorney-at-Law
Norristown, Penna.

Gentlemen :

I cannot begin to tell you how pleased I am to
be the recipient of a subscription to the ECHO, and
to have the well wishes of a group such as your own.

When we say success in our field requires a mu-
tual understanding and a working together, I won-
der do we all fully realize how close can be that
understanding and working together. My congratu-
lations to you and your Staff for the fine appreciation
which you exhibit in our common endeavor.

My very sincere thanks for your thoughtfulness
and for your keen appreciation of our problems. The
donor, whoever she is, exercised fine judgment in
leaving the selection to you.

My best wishes for your continued success.

Sincerely yours,
Edmund H. Lyons,
Youth Study Center
Dear Mike,

I am very sorry that I did not renew my sub-
scription to the ‘‘Eastern Echo’’ earlier.

Please accept my heartiest congratulations oa
your fine publication. This is just a note to let you
know how much I enjoy reading the ‘‘Echo.’’

Wishing you and your staff the best of luck, J
remain,

Very truly yours,
James W. Percey
Assistant to the Mayor
City of Lancaster
Dear Mike:

Enjoyed reading your editorial in the Spring
issue. Certainly gives the outsiders an idea of the
vast differences of opinions and feelings.

Congratulations on the Echo’s Fourth Anniver-
ary! Believe me, "An Introduction to Commutation”
was an education in itself. Never realized how many
steps were involved in handling matters of this type.

"For the Defense’’ was excellent reading and
fitted into the pattern of material in this issue.

Bet the research for all these articles was a
great undertaking and time-consuming job.

Congratulations for an issue worth remembering.

Mrs. Marie Blanchard
Philadelphia, Penna.
