---
id: "654"
title: "Significance"
author: "Bowie, Leonard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
year: "1960"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "5"
issue: "2"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1960_body0039.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
Significance

A new day is born as a tender, infant child,
a damp, warm environing seed ;
Smiling sun and pious-like flowers ;
cheerful, chirping birds in vaison take heed.

Shimmering green trees and balmy, warm breeze,
arouse earth in a vibrating quell;
Willing clouds gather as chancellors of sky
requesting blue, spacious way to calmly tell.

Chilling mountain brook of errant course,
speeding the word in grandiose leap below;
Awakening sluggish clods, quenching a valley’s thirst,
preparing all for the grand new show.

Gentle doe tells the monarch pine
who resoundly bellows the great news,
Bluebird, robin, starling and swallow
all charm the meadow’s varying hues.

Majestic flowing rivers with ebbing tides;
gray, old oceans surging to yonder shores,
Penetrating solemn soils, secreting vital minerals,
to emerge as fields of undeveloped ores.

Disturbing dampness worms upward in spiraling form ;
rising tepid heat incites insects to flight,
Witty owl seeks to slumber as cawing crow assents ;
busy ants strive on thru the laborious night.

The air hums with fluxuating, rhythmic sound,
melodiously filtering thru all nature’s cares;
Above etheric realms where potent forces shine,
casting adrift sulking cape which fleeting night wears.

Leonard Bowie

Butterfly flitters in glide from flowery bud,
as gaiety adds colorful grace to its look;
A squirrel in prancing leaps with fluffy tail,
beckoning playful mates from tree-home nook

Humming bees join the enthralling chorus,
ardently working in symmetry as they play:
Blades of grass with their to and fro head,
watch with excitement the beautiful blue-jay,

Quiet caterpillar, jumping grasshopper in the field,
the spider spinning a delicate, sheer silken web ;
All react simultaneously to motion of the earth,
as new day emerges from its sleeping ebb.

Chrysanthemums, lilacs, gladiolas and the roses,
emit a woven elixir of fragrant mould;
Zinnia’s, tulips, gardenias and the orchids,
laugh joyfully as their velvet petals unfold.

Swelling rock-ribbed hills so firmly robust,
erant coolness to valleys within their train ;
Conferring counselor-lke moisture on regions afar,
by dewy Father Mist and vitalic Mother Rain.

Swirling planets recede to their haven berth,
to yet rise, enlightening the oncoming eye;
Transmitting all their internal forces,
to forthcoming elements that day doth weave.

To set a pace amidst this churning splendor,
we conceive the controlling rein—time ;
Yet, the Artistic Master who sculptures new day,
rides Nature his steed o’er realm sublime.
