---
id: "659"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Vol. 6   No. 1
Eastern Echo
A MEMBER OF THE PENAL PRESS

ECHO STAFF

Robert F. Cullen, Editor 
James “MIKE” Smith, Editor Emeritus
Thomas WILLIAMS, Feature Editor 
John J. Welty, Sports Editor
WALTER STEPPER, Photographer 
DANIEL GUNDAKER, Copyreader
William J. Conrey, Linotype Operator

SPECIAL FEATURE SECTION
The Unpreditables                            Robert F. Cullen   4
From The Superintendents Desk        William Banmiller, Supt.   3
The Unpreditables                            Robert F. Cullen   4
In Favor of the Durham Rule      Henry Weihofen, Prof. of Law   8
Irresistable Impulse And Criminal Responsibility 
                                      Henry A. Davidson, M.D.  12
The Insider's Opinion                          William Conrey  16
Summation                                                      17

REGULAR FEATURE SECTION
Tempus Fugit                                    Roband Pascul  18
The Little World of 2334                     Robert F. Cullen  20
Profile                                      Raymond Thompson  22
What Price Complacency                         Spencer Walden  23
Some Rain Must Fall                             Robert Powell  26
Spotlight on The Salvation Army               Thomas Williams  28
Maximum Punisment or Maximum Security    William K. Hallowell  29
From Our Chaplains                                             30
Eastern Chess Review                            Norman Harman  32
The Sports Desk                            John J. Welty, Ed.  33
             Annual Sportmen's Banquet                         33
             Cuban Softball League                             34
             Storehouse Softball League                        34
             Eastern Basketball League                         35
             One Block Basketball Assn.                        36
Cover Story—P.16, Inside B. Cover—B. Brazell, Cartoon, P.’s. 6, 11, 14, R. Cullen

ADMINISTRATION

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
Davin L. LAWRENCE, Governor 

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
ANNE X. ALPERN, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
ARTHUR T. PRASSE, Commussioner 
KENNETH E. Taytor, Deputy Commissioner

STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PHILADELPHIA
WILLIAM J. BANMILLER, Superintendent

CORRECTIONAL INDUSTRIES
ALFRED FRENCH, JR., General Supervisor 
 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
Thomas H. Graham, Director of Education

The EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the State Correctional Institu-
tion at Philadelphia. Its editors or the institution itself cannot be held responsible for pla-
giarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.
