---
id: "662"
title: "The Unpredictables"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Unpredictables!!

by Robert Cullen

On Tuesday, January 10, 1950, a male student from
Franklin and Marshall College invited Marian Louise
Baker for a ride in his car. Shortly after driving into
the surrounding countryside he stopped the car and
choked the girl to death.

That same day, in a large Philadelphia department
store, a well dressed woman was observed stuffing
one, of a pair of gloves, in her purse. She was arrested
but later released without formal charges being
pressed.

Across the country, in a California city, a man set
fire to a church, and before the blaze was extin-
guished, several firemen had received aid for smoke
inhalation, while the church was burned beyond re-
pair. The man responsible was apprehended at the
seene when he was identified by two children.

These three cases are isolated specimens of the type
that have baffled law inforcement agencies for cen-
turies. They are members of the unpredictables; the
compulsion criminals. Those who commit a felony
without motive or volition. They are unable to help
themselves, and their only excuse: ‘‘I had an im-
pulse.”

Even more perplexed than the police by the
strange behavior of these unpredictables are our
courts. Should they be classified and tried as insane,
and if so, what criterion should be used in their judg-
ing? It is this question of a criterion that has caused
the controversy in our courtrooms for the past one
hundred and sixty years.

One of the earliest recorded attempts at determin-
Ing criminal responsibility was made in an English
court during the trial of Rex vs. Arnold, (Howard
State Trials, 1724) when Justice Tracy ruled that an
accused should not be held responsible for his act if
he were unable to understand the nature and quality
of that act. Or, in his (Judge Tracy) own words, if
he ‘‘does not know what he is doing no more than
a wild beast.”

In subsequent trials there were attempts to use
psychiatrists as competent witnesses to determine
whether or not there was insanity present in the de-
fendant’s act. But the same problems arose here that
are still present in our courtrooms of today. In the
annals of psychiatry there are few instances where a
man is completely insane. Yet, both the defense and
prosecution attorneys expect the psychiatrist to
answer either yes or no when asked, ‘“‘Is the defend-
ant insane?”

As Henry Weihofen expressed it in his book, The
Urge to Punish, ‘‘The psychiatrist knows that this is
the crucial question. He knows that it doesn’t ask
merely for a medical opinion. In effect it asks the
doctor to express his judgement as to whether the ac-
cused should be held guilty or not. He knows that if
he says yes, the defendant knew that the act was
wrong, he is saying that he is legally insane and
punishable, although his own opinion actually may
be that the accused is seriously disordered, and that
the act was committed in consequence of the dis-
order. Should he say no? That answer would perhaps
come closer to expressing his true judgment that the
defendant was not mentally responsible for his act,
but, strictiy and literally, it would be untrue. As the
sroup for the Advancement of Psychiatry has said,
‘This leaves the witness with his intellectual honesty
at stake and no escape.’ However he answers, ecross-
examination will reveal that he cannot give any rele-
vant information about the defendant’s condition
without contradicting himself.’’

Four trials stand as milestones in the laws struggle
to reach a final and conclusive ruling on the issue of
eriterion. Hadfield, M’Naghten, Pike and Durham.
None of these men knew each other but they were re-
lated in one way; each one was an unpredictable.

At the close of the seventeen hundreds, an English-
man, James Hadfield, was tried for the crime of firing
a shot at the then reigning monarch, King George III.
Hadfield was a veteran of many wars, and during his
last battle he had been inflicted with a terrible head
wound which caused that member to hang to one
side as though it had been severed. Because of his
wounds and other actions he was discharged from
the service as insane. What were his other actions?
James Hadfield thought he was likened to the Christ,
and the world would only gain salvation if he were
sacrificed. In an attempt to gain this end, he fired
the shot at King George, with the hope that he would
be tried and convicted for attempted assassination,
the penalty for which was death.

At his trial, the crown argued that for him to be
shielded from prosecution on the grounds of insanity
—the defense his attorney, Lord Erskine, was using—
he would have had to have complete deprivation of
memory. Erskine countered that literal translation
of the term, ‘‘complete deprivation’? was completely
impossible and that no such madness existed. He
did admit to rare cases where “‘the human mind is
stormed in its citadel and laid prostrate under the
stroke of frenzy.’’ But in other cases he stated,
‘‘Reason is not driven from her seat, but distraction
sits down upon it along with her, holds her trembling
upon it, and frightens her from her propriety.”’

Going further, Erskine claimed that in some cases
these delusions are so terrific as wholly to overpower
the faculties; in others they are more circumscribed,
yet the disordered imagination still holds the most
uncontrollable dominion over reality and fact, ‘‘and
these are the cases which frequently mock the wis-
dom of the wisest in judicial trials because such per-
sons often reason with a subtlety which puts in the
shade the ordinary conception of mankind; the con-
clusions are just, and frequently profound; but the
premises from which they reason, when within range
of the malady, are uniformly false.’’

In more modern language, Erskine used a theory
that was new for that period of time. He felt that a
man could distinguish between right and wrong,
realize that the act he was about to commit was
wrong, and still exhibit cunning and foresight in the
planning and execution of it; but if that thinking
was the product of a disordered mind, then he should
be legally exempt from prosecution and committed
to an asylum.

Unfortunately, the court agreed with Erskine, and
Hadfield was denied the execution he was looking
for.

Forty-three years went by, and then in 1843, a
shot fired from the gun of another Englishman, Daniel
MecNaughten, poured fuel on the slumbering coals of
the insanity issue. MeNaughten imagined that-he was
being persecuted and that people were whispering
about him behind his back. This obsession became so
magnified in his mind, that he finally walked into the
office of the home secretary—the person he felt was
behind his persecution—and shot to death a man he
mistook for that worthy. In his trial, MeNaughten’s
attorneys put forth the defense that he was not re-
sponsible for his acts and should be committed to an
asylum. However, the prosecution insisted, as in the
Hadfield case, that he knew the difference between
right and wrong at the time he committed his crime,
and was legally open to punishment, despite the fact
that he was definitely a paranoiac.

To settle the question of legal responsibility for
this and future cases, five questions dealing with a
hypothetical case were given to fifteen judges by the
House of Lords. The responses given by fourteen of
the judges—one abstained from answering—consti-
tute the criterion by which all English and twenty-
nine of our American courts now judge criminal re-
sponsibility, and is known as the MeNaughten rule.

In brief, the McNaughten rule holds that a person
is not responsible for the act only if he is so mentally
unsound as to lack the knowledge that the act was
wrong, or could not comprehend it’s (the crime) na-
ture and quality.

However, in a speech delivered before the National
Conference of Bar Councils, Judge Simon E. Sobeloff
showed fiaws in such reasoning by stating:

“This test, known familiarly as the ‘right and
wrong test,’ turns on a specified and very limited
symptom of insanity, which science no longer deems
necessarily or even typically associated with most
serious mental disorders. Only the most drooling
idiot can be said to have no knowledge of right and
wrong, and he almost never gets into the criminal
courts. Judging the issue of insanity according to the
right-wrong test exclusively is like saying as a matter
of law that the only acceptable symptom in defining
appendicitis is a pain in the abdomen and that no
other diagnostic symptom is valid.”

As the science of psychiatry advanced in learning,
there was growing awareness in a number of states
that a man could be cognizant of the wrongfulness
of his actions and yet be powerless to halt them. This
was known as an ‘‘Irresistible Impulse.’?’ Among
those included in this group were the pyromaniacs
and kleptomaniacs. However, there was still some
disagreement as to the proper way of judging
whether or not a man was held in the grip of an
irresistible impulse when he committed the crime.

Several states adopted what is commonly known as
the ‘‘policeman at the elbow’’ test, which as the
name implies, asks the question ‘‘ Would the defend-
ant have been so badly driven as to have committed
the crime if a policeman had been present?”

But even that test can be ignored as is illustrated
in the case of the United States vs. Kunack:

Soon after entering the service, Kunack became de-
pressed and started threatening to kill someone. This
thought of committing violence led him to consult the
divisional psychiatrist, but he received no aid from
him. He then consulted two chaplains and again was
put off. In an attempt to get a discharge, even a dis-
honorable one, he stole the boots of his company com-
mander, but in vain. He then talked of "punching
the commanding general in the nose’’ in hopes of
eetting a dishonorable discharge. Finally he stated
that he would shoot an officer and the blame would
rest upon the shoulders of the major who had refused
to get him discharged. The men he told this to only
mocked him with taunts, nicknamine him ‘‘Killer,’’
and suggested that if he had to kill someone it should
be himself. Two or three days before the crime he
announced that a lieutenant was to be the victim, and
again he was ignored. On the day
of the crime, Kunack loaded his
carbine, marched up to a table
where several officers and civilians
were eating, and from a few inches
away shot the victim through the
chest. He then assumed the po-
sition of parade rest.

During his trial it was shown
that he had quit high school a few
months before his class graduated
because he was bothered and wor-
ried. It was testified too, that he
had onee jumped off a bridge
seventy-five feet high, while an-
other time he was seen standing on
his head while driving a speeding
motorcycle. In his testimony, Kun-
ack stated that on the day of the
killing he had no been thinking
too much about murdering someone and his loading
of the carbine was ‘‘mechanical.’’ He did remember
thinking that ‘“‘probably by this time next month I
will be dead.’’ He knew what he was about to do
was wrong, yet he was powerless to stop himself, and
his only hope was that someone would stop him be-
fore he killed. When the act was finally over, his
only feeling was one of being drained out.

Regardless of the testimony, the psychiatrists that
testified for the government felt that Kunack was
free from mental disease and easily capable of dis-
tinguishing right from wrong, and adhering to the
right, although two of them did admit that he was
‘“emotionally unstable.’’ The defense introduced no
expert testimony and when the case was referred to
the Surgeon General’s office, during a review, that

“Like, Bongo’s are out, Harps are in!’’

office felt that on the information furnished, the de-
fendant was sane.

In the meantime, however, Kunack had been sen-
teneed to the Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Bar-
racks where he suffered two violent outbreaks. Upon
the recommendation of a psychiatrist, stationed at
the barracks, he was transferred to Fitzsimmons Gen-
eral Hospital where he was examined by a board of
medical officers. Their findings concurred with the
original examiners, and once again he was found sane
at the time of crime, trial and sentence, although he
was again found ‘‘emotionally disturbed.’’

Another psychiatrist, Dr. Manfred Guttmacher, was
asked to examine the defendant and give an opinion.
He reported that he had found Kunack to be a para-
noid schizophrenic who was suffering from a _ psy-
chotie irresistible impulse at the time he committed
the crime and should not be held responsible.

A criminal psychologist also agreed with the diag-
nosis of paranoid schizophrenia and once again the
case was taken to the board of re-
view for evaluation. The Board,
after reviewing all the conflicting
testimony stuck to it’s original
verdict, holding that the accused
was sane at the time of crime, ete.

In an attempt to vindicate itself,
the army qouted the ‘‘policeman
at the elbow” rule, But, it had no
value as it was established that
Kunack committed this act in full
view of several officers, anyone
who could have stopped him with
a quick command.

Since both the MeNaughten
Rule and The Irresistible Impulse
test have come under fire there ap-
peared to be little chance for a so-
lution until 1869 when the Su-
preme Court of New Hampshire
handed down a decision that swept aside the Me-
Naughten rule. Banishing insistence upon the right-
wrong test the court simply stated that an accused is
not criminally responsible if the act was the product
of mental disease or mental defect. The court did not
define any set pattern for determining insanity but
left the determination up to the testimony of the psy-
chiatric expert. However, while this, the Pike de-
cision was a definite solution to the problem of deter-
mining culpability, it was not adopted by any other
Coma winl a smell te waoneit, Mlomie IDuouednain,
brought his case before the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia.

Convicted of housebreaking in 1953 by the District
Court of the District of Columbia; Monte Durham’s
only defense was that he was of unsound mind when
the offense was committed. He appealed the case and
the Court of Appeals reversed the decision.

Judge Bazelon in making the reversal said: **The
Jury’s range of inquiry will not be limited to, but
may include, for example, whether an accused, who
suffered from a mental disease or defect did not know
the difference between right and wrong, acted under
the compulsion of an irresistible impulse or had ‘been
deprived of or lost the power of his will. . .’ ”

‘‘Juries will continue to make moral judgments,
still operating under the fundamental precedent ‘our
collective conscience does not allow punishment
where it cannot blame’. But in making such judg-
ments they will be guided by wider horizons of knowl-
edge concerning mental life.’’

Again, in brief, it would appear that Judge Baze-
lon, like Judges Sobeloff, Doe, and Briggs, contends
that psychiatry, as any other science, can and does
make mistakes. What may be recognized as fact to-
day may be in error tomorrow. This at first glance
may seem an arguing point for the exponents of the
MeNaughten rule, who insist that ruling is as good as
any and perhaps better than some. They feel that a
jury will exercise its own judgment in situations
where the McNaughten ruling is used. Then even
though the defendant may appear and be guilty ac-
cording to the ruling, the jury,—if it has detected a
mental deficiency in the defendant—will find him not
responsible. This supposition is deseredited by the
following report of a survey :

"During the period 1931-1941, one out of every 42
felons sentenced to the Eastern State Penitentiary in
Philadelphia was mentally disordered to a commit-
table degree or developed such a condition. Many
such individuals were probably psychotic on admis-
sion to the penitentiary and likely so at the time of
their trial and sentence, but none presented a defense
of insanity. This group represented a limited order
of psychiatric screening and segregation from
the general prison population which otherwise
abounded in unexplored mental disorder. The record
of 287 such mentally disordered prisoners indicates
that only in exceptional instances did the trial court
take cognizance that the accused was a mental sus-
pect, when in fact one out of every four of the group
had an available documented history of mental illness
prior to last arrest. This group accounted for 199
crimes against the person, of which 47 were homicide
and 42 sex offenses. The group had engaged law en-
forcement agencies and the resources of the taxpayer
to the extent of 1,503 arrests, 964 convictions, and 20
parole violations. The offenders’ average age upon
last conviction was 30, indicating the potentiality for
future social danger. These cases had an average rec-
ord of five arrests and three convictions. Summary
reflections of this sampling lead to the disquieting
realization that in each case the court overlooked at
least five chances to find out the kind of person with
whom it was dealing, that by omission, each offender
was given other opportunities for crime, including
murder, and that not until the mental disturbance
had attained such flagrant appearance and threat did
the court finally meet the problem realistically.’’

The major problem in adopting new legislation for
the trial procedure in the cases of mental defects is
the fear of arousing public displeasure. Since the
only type of compulsive crime that is given wide
publicity is the rape—murder, the people have come
to classify all cases of irresistible impulse in that
catagory. Actually these cases are a small minority
and in a number of instances, proper recognition at
an earlier date would have circumvented the rape-
murder.

But the public apparently feels a man committed
to an institution will only remain there a few months
and be released. It is a matter of fact that those men
referred to hospital or asylum for treatment may and
frequently do, more ‘‘time,’’ than those committed
to penal institutions. The reasons for this are obvious.
Our penal institutions are overcrowded and proper
psychiatric diagnoses for parole hearings are an im-
possibility. Yet a man is entitled to parole if he has
an exemplary prison record, a record which most
compulsive criminals possess. Even in those cases
where a diseased mind is uncovered there is no other
alternative than release when the maximum sentence
has expired.

But, when a defendant is committed to an institu-
tion, for treatment, his release has,—in most cases,—
to be approved by a board of trained psychiatrists.
These men are not going to jeopardize their reputa-
tions or the public by signing a release until they are
sure the urge to surrender to impulse has been con-
quered.

The people of a state owe it to themselves, their
children, and those with mental disease to adopt
legislation that will be in keeping with the advances
we have made in criminal psychiatry. To ignore
the problem or try to continue on the path we are
traveling will only lead to more banner headlines,
mutilated bodies and destroyed property.

Bibliography
Crime and Insanity—Ed. by Richard W. Nice
The Urge to Punish—by Henry Weihofen
The Guilty Mind—by John Briggs, Jr.
Royal Commission on Capital Punishment Report
