---
id: "663"
title: "In Favor of the Durham Rule"
author: "Weihofen, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
In Favor of
The Durham Rule

by
HENRY WEIHOFEN
Professor of Law
University of New Mexico

AFTER one hundred and fifteen years of con-
tant debate, a consensus seems to be evolv-
ng that the right and wrong test is outmoded
and needs overhauling. In England, in the
Report of the Royal Commission on Capital
Punishment submitted in 1953, eleven of the
twelve members of the Commission agreed that ‘‘the
test of responsibility laid down by the M’Naghten
Rule is so defective that the law on the subject
ought to be changed.’’ In the United States, all but
one member of the American Law Institute’s Criminal
Law Advisory Committee likewise agreed that the
M’Naghten formulation is inadequate.

Most psychiatrists have long been complaining of
this inadequacy. Their objection, to put it as briefly
as possible, is that the concept of knowledge of right
and wrong which the law relies upon is not a concept
that psychiatry uses in distinguishing mental dis-
order from mental health. They deny that incapacity
to know the nature and quality of an act or incapacity
to know its wrongfulness is the only significant symp-
tom of mental disorder and the only criterion of re-
sponsibility. This concentrating of attention on cog-
nition and ignoring volition and emotion is unscien-
tific. It is also unscientific to ignore the role played
by the unconscious—that submerged part of our
mind which so largely controls our basic attitudes
and our behavior.

To modern psychology, reason, emotion and im-
pulse are not disparate functions, but interdependent
and interacting manifestations of the unitary person-
ality. The word ‘‘mind” today is taken as an abstract
term signifying the sum total of the ways in which
the individual acts in response to the internal and
external stimuli that are constantly playing upon
him. Not only are intellection, volition and emotion
inextricably interwoven manifestations of the single
personality, but it is probably emotion and not intel-
lection that is the most important of them. The law-
yer’s assumption that the one important mental fune-
tion is finding answers to questions is not supported
by the students of the mind.

It is because the legal test dates from 1843—a date
before psychiatry had given us these insights into the
workings of the human mind—and indeed a date be-
fore psychiatry as a science even existed—that the
legal definition ‘‘has little relation to the truths of
mental life,’’ as Mr. Justice Cardozo told us as long
ago as 1929.

Today, as already said, apparently even the legal
profession is becoming convinced that this is so and
that the M’Naghten Rule must be replaced with
one that better accords with the scientific facts. The
question is what rule should we put in its place.

In deciding what changes to make, we should bear
in mind the main defects of the old rule that we are
trying to remedy. We have said that the main defect
with the right and wrong test is that it does not ae-
cord with modern psychiatric thinking. The law
simply does not talk the same language as the psy-
chiatrist. In consequence, it is almost impossible for
the psychiatrist on the witness stand to say anything
that seems to him meaningful. On his basis of the
examination of the defendant, the doctor may be of
opinion that the defendant knew the physical nature
of his act, but that he had no real appreciation of its
enormity or its significance. If asked, and if he gave
a truthful answer, the accused would be able to say
that he knew the act was wrong. But he is seriously
psychotic; his disorder has materially affected his
personality, his viewpoint and his conduct; and the
psychiatrist is convinced that the act was attrib-
utable to the disorder. On the witness stand he is
not asked merely to explain this diagnosis and the
data on which it is based; we insist that he address
himself to an ethical question of wrongfulness instead
of testifying about the psychiatric realities that lie
within his field of competence.

The doctor knows that the crucial question upon
which the law focuses is not merely a medical one,
but is the ultimate one determining whether the ac-
cused is to be held guilty or not. He knows that if
he says the defendant knew that the act was wrong,
he is saying that he is legally sane and punishable,
although his own opinion may actually be that he
was seriously disordered and that the act was com-
mitted as a product of the disorder. If he answers
the ultimate question in the negative he is perhaps
more correctly expressing his honest judgment that
the defendant was not mentally responsible, but,
strictly, it would be an untrue answer. This, as the
Group for Advancement of Psychiatry has pointed
out, ‘‘leaves the witness with his intellectual honesty
at stake and no escape.”’

This is why so many psychiatrists condemn the
legal test and why so many of them refuse to serve
as expert witnesses. Their view has been well stated

by Dr. Robert Waelder :
‘‘Many psychiatrists seem to resent a situation in
which they are compelled to speak a language not
their own, which they either feel to be prescientific
or which they, rightly or wrongly, suspect to be
loaded with metaphysical implications not easily per-
ceived.

"Clinical psychiatrists are used to thinking in terms
of syndromes (such as delusions, hallucinations, de-
pressions, clations, ete.) or of disease entities (such as
schizophrenia, manic-depressive psychosis,  ete.).
Those who have absorbed psychoanalytic concepts
are also accustomed to think in dynamie and genetic
terms such as inner conflicts and their attempted
solutions, and the conditioning by childhood experi-
einee, IBUL ta meiner case Go wWne wean “rien,” ore
‘wrong,’ essential in applying the M’Naghten rule,
or the concept of ‘knowing’ the difference between
right and wrong carry a precise psychological or psy-
chiatric meaning. ... .As a result, the psychiatrist
is prevented from using the language in which he has
been trained to organize his thoughts and in which
the meaning, the fringes of meaning and the implica-
tions of each term are familiar to him. Instead, he is
forced to testify in a language not his own, and he
cannot be sure of the implications which his words
may seem to carry to the judge or to the jury.”

Jurists sometimes do not seem to realize that this is
a real problem. Since the words of the M’Naghten
rule do not seem problematic to them, they are in-
clined to conclude that the reluctant psychiatrists are
are Slow in fulfilling their civie duties or are actually
trying to obstruct the administration of the law be-
cause they disapprove of it.

The primary requisite for any new rule therefore,
is that it bridge this gap between legal and psychia-
tric thinking. Any revision of the legal rule should
be aimed at providing a formula that does not run
counter to current psychiatric concepts, a formula
that will permit the expert witness to give the jury
the fullest and clearest picture possible of what the
defendant’s mental condition actually is.

I submit that the formulation that best accom-
plishes this objective is that adopted by the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia in 1954 in
Durham vs United States, that ‘‘an accused is not
criminally responsible if his unlawful act was the
product of mental disease or mental defect.’’ A sim-
ilar rule has been enforced in New Hampshire since
1869, where it has apparently worked to the complete
satisfaction of all concerned. In the District of Co-
lumbia also, the Durham ease rule has been working
satisfactorily.

Two main objections have been leveled against the
Durham ease rule. First, it is said that the concept
of ‘‘mental disease’’ is ambiguous. Second, it is said
that further ambiguity lies in the word ‘‘product.”

The first of these objections does not deserve seri-
ous consideration, for the simple reason that it in-
heres in any formulation of the test, existing or
proposed. We may grant that in modern scientific
thinking, there is an unbroken continuum from
‘‘normal’’ to ‘‘abnormal,’’ and that there is no clear
line between them. But this difficulty inheres in any
legal rule on the subject. The M’Naghten Rule also
uses the term ‘‘mental disease or defect,’’ and so,
necessarily, does any substitute that can be proposed.

The more serious difficulty involves the use of the
word “‘product.’’ The term implies a causal connec-
tion, and causation, as every lawyer knows, is a
formidable souree of difficulty. Medical men, too,
may have trouble applying this concept. As one of
them has pointed out, ‘‘mental illness does not cause
one to commit a crime nor does mental illness produce
a crime. Behavior and mental illness are inseparable
—one and the same thing.’’

But the fact that scientific judgment as to the
causal connection between the disorder and the crim-
inal act may be difficult is no reason for not asking
the expert's opinion. The jury is going to have to
decide that issue, and we should give them the benefit
of any light that the expert witness may be able to
give them.

Perhaps one reason why: lawyers are disturbed
at the thought of leaving the jury to flounder
unaided through the intricacies of tracing
causation between the act and the mental
condition, is that we are convinced that the
aw must provide the jury with some clear
and simple rule of thumb by which to determine these
eases. Historically the main argument for the tra-
ditional right and wrong test has been that it satisfies
this need for a rule that is clear and certain. Many ot
its adherents admit that in concentrating on intellec-
tion as the only relevant aspect of mental responsi-
bility it is psychologically outmoded and fallacious,
but they refuse to broaden it because they fear that
any broader test would be too uncertain, too difficult
to prove or disprove, or too easy and therefore too
dangerous. This objection they feel applies to the
Durham case rule at least as much as to any other.

But while at first blush a reading of the right-and-
wrong test makes it seem commendably clear, the
long history of litigation over the meaning of the
various words it employs shows this impression to be
illusory. What is meant by knowing the ‘‘nature and
quality’’ of one’s act? The man who kills another
because of a delusion that God has commanded him
to do so knows the physical nature of the act, but
does he know its quality? Does the word quality refer
to a different aspect of perception from ‘‘nature,’’ or
do the same words mean the same thing? After a
hundred and fifteen years we still don’t know. A
leading English case held in 1916 that the two words
mean only one thing—the physical nature of the act.
Whether this English interpretation is law in this
country, we do not know. None of the thousands of
cases that have repeated and applied this test discuss
the question. Does the phrase ‘‘nature and quality,”’
mean anything different from knowledge that the act
is ‘‘wrong?’’ Would it be material error for a court
to use either the first half of the test or the second
and omit the other? New York has held that this
would be error; two or three other states have said
no, it would make no difference.

And what about the word “know,’’ the key word
in the knowledge test? A man may comprehend, at
least on a verbal level, that his act was wrong, but his
understanding may be on a superficial level, without
any real insight into its full significance or conse-
quences. It has been argued that ‘‘knowing’’ denotes
not only insight into such significance of the act, but
also the ability to make use of such knowledge. Ap-
parently no American court has construed the word-
ing this broadly. But if such an interpretation were
ably contended for by counsel, might a court accept
it? And if it did, might interpretation be upheld on
appeal? Does the wording of the rule clearly exclude
it?

The word ‘‘wrong’’ is patently ambiguous. Does it
mean morally wrong, or illegal? Does the man who
knew the act was against the law, but who heard di-
vine voices commanding him to do it, know that it
was wrong? A few cases have held one way—and a
few have held the other.

The result has been described by a New York
judge: ‘‘. . . as learned a charge as the judges try
to make, each interpreting the statute in his own way,
each being fortified by precedent, each trying to lay
down the correct legal test of responsibility, it is a
poor lawyer who cannot find some flaw in it upon
which to argue for reversal.”’

How can we call this a clear and definite test, when
its wording means nothing at all to psychiatrists, and
means one thing to one judge and something else to
another?

We are finally coming around to realizing that the
right and wrong test is not the clear and certain
formula it was once supposed. Moreover, we are
realizing that certainty is in any event a wild goose
that we may as well give up chasing. There is no clear
and simple rule for making discriminations that are
inherently complex and difficult.

This realization has apparently been brought home
even to die-hard supporters of the right and wrong
test, and in consequence have made an interesting
shift in their position. Instead of the old argument
that the traditional test is clear and definite, they
now tell us that, rightly understood, it is broad and
flexible enough to cover all the cases that ought to be
covered. Or, they say, at least in practice it is loose
enough to permit juries to work out rough justice. A
British psychiatrist testifying before the Royal Com-
mission on Capital Punishment presented this view
with engaging frankness. ‘‘To put it in rather a bald
way,’ he said, ‘“‘the present rules are such nonsense
in many cases that the people can exercise their own
common sense, whereas with more precise rules more
rigidly interpreted the ultimate effect would not be
as good as the present ones.’’

But it seems preferable to say with Mr. Justice
Frankfurter that to have rules that can be justified
only by a process of interpretation that distorts and
practically nullifies them is not a desirable system,
and that “the M’Naghten Rules are in large mea-
sure shams.’’

The eminent staff and committee of the American
Law Institute that has been drafting a Model Penal
Code, although it has rejected the Durham Case Rule
because it is allegedly too indefinite, has proposed a
formulation which abandons any attempt to obtain
definiteness. The Code’s main provision dealing with
mental irresponsibility, as tentatively approved by
the Institute, provides as follows: ‘‘A person is not
responsible for criminal conduct if at the time of such
conduct as a result of mental disease or defect he
lacks substantial capacity either to appreciate the
criminality of his conduct or to conform his conduct
to the requirements of law.’’

It will be seen that this wording adheres to the
essence of the right and wrong test although it makes
some important changes in wording. In addition, it
supplements that test by adding impairment of vo-
litional capacity as a test.

The most significant change in the right and
wrong test that the Code formula would
make is provided by the insertion of the word
‘‘substantial,’’ so as to require only that the
defendant lack ‘‘substantial’’ capacity to ap-
preciate the criminality of his conduct or to
conform to the requirements of law. The Code drafts-
men are quite right in saying that the old test, which
seems to require total impairment of the cognitive
faculty to absolve a defendant, is unsound. “‘ Nothing
makes the inquiry into responsibility more unreal for
the psychiatrist than the limitation of the issue to
some ultimate extreme of total incapacity, when
clinical experience reveals only a graded scale with
marks along the way.’’

This is obviously a complete abandonment of the
old argument for the right and wrong test, that it
gives the jury a clear and definite rule. And what
now becomes of the main objection to the Durham
Rule, that it fails to give the jury any such definite
rule? No rule can be more indefinite than one which
would require a jury to draw a line between sub-
stantial and insubstantial capacity. This difficulty
was mentioned at the Institute meeting which ap-
proved the formulation adopted.

Professor Herbert Wechsler, the reporter in charge
of the Code project, would have preferred to go even
further and leave it to the jury to say whether the
defendant was so mentally incapacitated that he can-
not "justly" be held responsible. If there is a
more ambiguous word than substantial" it is
"justly.”

In pointing out that the Model Code formulation
leaves the test vague and indefinite, I am not voicing
any adverse criticism. On the contrary, I am con-
vineed that a clear and specific formula would neces-
sarily be too rigid to be psychiatrically sound. Mental
disorder manifests itself in too many different forms
to permit any simple and inclusive definition of what
manifestations shall suffice to exculpate from respon-
sibility. I point out these ambiguities only because the
Code draftsmen have given as their reason for reject-
ing the Durham Case Rule that it is ambiguous.

If the legal profession can once disabuse itself of
the notion that a clear and definite test of ‘‘insanity’’
is either possible or desirable, we can perhaps come
around to facing frankly the fact that what we are
seeking is the jury’s sense of justice. If we were
seeking a rule that accorded logically with legal
principles, we would not use the right and wrong
test. Instead we should have to use a test of capacity
to entertain criminal intent, or of amenability to pun-
ishment. But all we really want, and at all events all
we are ever going to get, is the jury’s judgment as to
whether, in the light of the defendant’s condition, he
ought to be held responsible and punishable.

And the best device for getting an enlightened
jury judgment is the Durham Case Rule. Under that
Rule, as the court in the Durham ease itself said, the
jury will be expected to apply the requirement ot
causal connection in such a way as to carry out its
traditional function of expressing the community
judgment on the justice of the case. ‘‘Juries,’’ said
the court, ‘‘will continue to make moral judgments,
still operating under the fundamental precept that
‘Our collective conscience does not allow punishment
where it cannot impose blame.’ ”

And in making its judgment, the jury under the
Durham Rule will have the benefit of a fuller and
truer explanation of the facts of mental life. It would
permit the doctor to describe in his own language the
examination he made of the defendant and the diag-
nosis he arrived at, and the symp-
toms and other data upon which
that diagnosis was based. If, in his
opinion, the defendant is mentally
discordered, he will also be asked
whether the disorder is such that 
in his opinion the act charged was
the product of that disorder. It is
one of the strengths, and not a 
weakness, of the Durham Rule
that it would rely more on a dy-
namic and changing medical con-
cept of mental disorder than on a
rigid and static "test."

It has been objected that if what
we really want is the jury's
“moral judgment,’’ we should put
that responsibility to them clearly,
and frankly, instead of obscuring
it by inviting the jury to explore
the meta-physical problem of caus-
ation. A majority of the Royal
Commission on Capital Punishment favored doing
just that—asking the jury whether the accused was
suffering from mental disease or defect “‘to such
a degree that he ought not be held responsible.’’
Professor Wechsler would have liked to see the Model
Penal Code adopt a rule that a person should not be
held criminally responsible if he was so mentally dis-
ordered that his capacity to appreciate the crimin-
ality of his conduct or to conform his conduct to the
requirements of law ‘‘is so substantially impaired
that he cannot justly be held responsible.’’ The latter
proposal seems less desirable than the Royal Commis-
sion wording, because it does not really leave the
issue of responsibility to the Jury’s sense of justice.
It still focuses attention on two artifically abstracted
symptoms of mental disorder—capacity to appreciate
the criminality of the act or capacity to conform
one's conduct to the requirement of law—instead of
emphasizing the unitary nature of human personality. 

And while the Royal Commission formula would be
franker, the Durham requirement of a causal connec-
tion between the disorder and the crime has merit.
There may be cases where the defendant was fairly
certainly suffering from a mental disorder, but where
that disorder had nothing to do with the crime. A
person may suffer from epilepsy, and yet commit a
crime when he was not in an epileptic state and when
his disorder did not affect his criminal conduct. It is
true that in other cases the closeness of the connec-
tion between the disorder and the crime may be much
more difficult to determine and will have to depend
upon facts of the given case; the question will not
usually be determinable on the basis of any general
medical principle. But where a person suffering from
a recognized form of mental disorder commits a
crime, there is always some likelihood of a causal
connection between the disorder and the crime; and
generally, the more serious the disorder and the more
serious the crime, the more probable it is that a causal
connection exists. At least in eases where the crime
is serious and largely unmotivated, the presumption
should be that the act was the product of the dis-
order, and the burden should be on the prosecution
to show that in the instant case the
defendant, though disordered, was
nevertheless responsible.

The vital defect in the tradi-
tional legal rules governing "in-
sanity" as a defense is that al-
though they deal with a subject
where the law must rest on psy-
chiatric premises, the psychiatrists
tell us that laws’ premise are un-
sound. Specifically, they deny the
premise that mind is divisible into
neatly separate functions, labled
"cognition," or "will," or "ca-
pacity to conform." Our mental
processes are interdependent and
interrelated, and mental disorder
effects them all. Psychiatry denies
that either appreciation of crimin-
ality or capacity to conform can be
treated as independent functions.
If we are going to revise the legal rule, we should
seck to adopt one that will bridge the gap that now
exists between legal and psychiatric thinking. We
are going to have to rely on members of the psychia-
tric profession to give us enlightenment and insight
into the mental condition of criminal defendants. We
cannot ask them to perform this function for us un-
less we make it possible for them to present a con-
scientious and scientifically meaningful diagnosis.
The only rule that meets this criterion is that set
forth in the Durham Case.

Books by Professor Weihofen
Mental Disorder as a Criminal Defense—Dennis
and Company, Inc.
The Urge to Punish--New York; Farrar, Straus,
1956
