---
id: "664"
title: "Irresistible Impulse and Criminal Responsibility"
author: "Davidson, M.D. Henry A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Irresistible Impulse
and
Criminal Responsibility

by
HENRY A, DAVIDSON, M.D,
Superintendent, Overbrook Hospital
Cedar Grove, N.J.

Condensed from ‘‘Crime & Insanity”

IN a dozen states, irresistible impulse is a de-
fense to a crime committed because of such
impulse. On the face of it, one would expect
irresistible impulse to be a defense every-
where. It seems illogical to hold a man ac-
countable for what he could not avoid doing.
Yet most jurisdictions are skeptical of this defense.
Every man is accountable for restraining antisocial
impulses. ‘‘There could never be a conviction’ ex-
plained one Judge, as far back as 1881, ‘‘if the guilty
could assert an impulse produced by some pressure
which he could not resist. To restrain such impulses
is the duty of all men. He who yields to them, must
take the consequences.”

If an epileptic, during a convulsion, strikes a by-
stander, no one charges the epileptic with assault. It
an armed bandit compels a victim to remove his
pants, no one charges the victim with exposure. Yet
when the compulsion arises, not from external duress
or physical disease, but rather from inner emotional
disturbance, the law—in most states—exacts its
pound of flesh.

Should the criteria of criminal responsibility there-
fore be enlarged to include irresistible impulse as a
defense? Is this medically sound, socially desirable,
legally workable?

Confusion arises because, from the doctor’s view-
point, there are three different kinds of impulsive
behavior : the psychotic, the neurotic, and the normal.
Legal precedents generally fail to distinguish be-
tween them. So far as I know, this division of irresis-
tible impulse into these three categories has not been
previously published. The three types of impulse are:

(a) Explosive reactions in psychotic (insane)
persons.

(b) Obsessional compulsions in neuroties (ex-
ample: pyromania).

(c) Rage reactions in persons with no psychosis
or psychoneurosis.

LEGALLY, the irresistible impulse doctrine
was designed to apply to the first (psychotic
or ‘‘insane’’) category. When legislators and
judges speak of irresistible impulse, they
mean the psychotic (insane) defendant. But
to most doctors, the phrase suggests the com-
pulsions of the compulsive or obsessional neurotic. To
the doctor, irresistible impulse usually means psycho-
neurosis; to the lawyer, it usually means psychosis.
The two professions are not speaking the same lan-
guage here.

Many court decisions sustain the position that
irresistible impulse was intended to limit its applica-
tion to psychotic (insane) defendants. One of the
first relevant decisions in Anglo-American law (1868)
included the phrase :

"If it should be definitely established that the de-
fendant had an unsound condition of the mind, a
diseased mind, in which he is, by insane impulse pro-
ceeding from the diseased intellect, irresistibly driven
to commit the act, then the law must modify ancient
doctrine."

The words in Bold Face should make it clear that
the court meant insanity, and nothing short of it.
ven when the accepted medical term for a neurosis
is used, the legal decision often makes it clear that a
psychosis is contemplated. ‘‘Kleptomania is a species
of insanity.’’ That’s the way the court put it, ob-
viously confusing psychoneurosis (kleptomanic is a
neurosis) with a psychosis (only psychoses are
species of insanity). Another court used this word-
ine: ‘‘ He was, in consequence of his insanity wrought
up to a frenzy which rendered him unable to control
his acts.’’ In another case, the defense was acceptable
because, in the court’s words, “there was such over-
whelming violence of mental disease that he was not
a responsible moral agent.’’ The Parsons case is
generally hailed as the one which liberalized the an-
cient and rigid doctrine. But even here, the court
admitted only such impulse as was rooted in psycho-
sis, for the first criterion was: ‘‘ Was the defendant
afflicted with disease of the mind, idiotic, or otherwise
insane?’’ Only if the answer were ‘“‘yes’’ did the
other part of the rule (the exculpation by reason of
irresistible impulse) operate. The test was, ‘‘whether
by reason of this mental disease he had lost the power
to choose between right and wrong.’’ In another state
it was held that the “inability to refrain from the
wrong’’ must be due to “impairment of the mind by
disease.’’ At the other end of the country, a court
held that irresistible impulse was an acceptable de-
fense only when it rose from disease. In another
jurisdiction, the exculpatory phrase was ‘‘loss of
power to resist temptation’’ but this was irrevocably
tied to ‘‘insanity.’’. The loss of self-control was held
exculpatory in another state only when it was “due
to the overwhelming violence of mental disease.’’ The
earliest Pennsylvania case on point requires that
“the insanity be so great as to take from the subject
his freedom of action.’’ And many other similar de-
cisions can be cited. It will be noted that throughout
these there is one common thread: the irresistible
impulse is part of psychosis. A handful of decisions
ean be found which seem to indicate that in an oc-
casional jurisdiction, irresistible impulse by itself
(not as a symptom of insanity) is exculpatory. But
usually there is here an implication that the court
simply assumed, as amatter of course, that the psyco-
sis (insanity) has been established.

It seems clear that when the doctrine was first laid
down, the courts meant that irresistible impulse, if
it excused at all, would be such an impulse as came
out of a diseased (psychotic, insane) mind.

Probably no one wants to hold accountable an in-
sane person who commits an unlawful act under the
compelling imperative of his insanity. Do we need a
special irresistible impulse doctrine to protect such
a person? Or is he adequately protected by the gen-
eral law, including the M’Naghten rule itself?

It seems to me that a person with a definite psy-
chosis (actual insanity) who does an act because of
that insanity, and does it specifically because of a
compulsion rooted in the psychosis, is not acting vol-
untarily. Mens rea means guilty mind, or intent to
commit the act. If there is no mens rea, there is no
crime. Obvious examples would be injuries caused by
movements during convulsions, sleepwalking or
choreiform twitches. In these examples there is no
intent to harm, no mens rea, no crime. Mens rea im-
plies a free and deliberate choice to do wrong: this
surely does not deseribe the compulsive act of a psy-
chotic. Free agency is destroyed by the fabrie of a
psychosis. A sane defendant would be acquitted if he
performed an otherwise unlawful act because of
physical infirmity, convulsion, severe duress, hypno-
tism, sleepwalking or mechanical obstacle. If a sane
defendant is thus excused, presumably and a fortiori
a psychotic person would not be responsible. On these
erounds alone, it seems to me that even in the absence
of a formal irresistible impulse doctrine, a psychotic
defendant is not held accountable by sophisticated
courts when the act was the result of a psychotic de-
lusion.

There is another reason that a psychotic impulse
could lead to an aequittal—though I think this is less
clear cut than the lack of mens rea. That is that the
existence of a psychotic compulsion tends to obliter-
ate any meaningful sense of wrong-doing, hence
should be exculpatory even under the classical ‘‘right
and wrong’’ test.

In some states where, in theory, irresistible im-
pulse is not a defense, courts have admitted the de-
fense in practice. What the courts have done is to
have found that the psychotic impulse overrode judg-
ment, reason, cognition and appreciation of the sense
of wrong. Glueck cites cases from California, Kansas,
Mississippi, Iowa, Texas and West Virginia which re-
flect this. Presumably in these states, a defense of
irresistible impulse would be rejected if the impulse
were of ‘‘neurotic’’ intensity. In discussing this with
me, a southwestern Judge said: ‘‘A mere irresistible
impulse made irresistible on account of Insane frenzy
is a good defense.’’ The phrase ‘‘mere irresistible im-
pulse’’ shows a serious underestimate of the potency
of neurotic compulsions. But apparently it is sound
law.

Sir Fitzjames Stephen as far back as 1883 argued
that the M’Naghten rule was broad enough to pro-
tect a psychotically-rooted impulse. Thus, he said:

“The man who cannot control himself is in that
state because he is guided by motives which immedi-
ately press upon his attention. Thus, the power of
self control means a power to attend to distant mo-
tives and general principles and connect them ration-
ally with the act under consideration. A disease
which so weakens the sufferer’s powers as to prevent
him from attending or referring to such considera-
tion, or from connecting the general theory with the
particular fact, deprives him of the power of self
control. How does any one know that an act is wrong
except by comparing it with general rules of conduct
which forbid it? If he is unable to apply such rules,
how is he to know that what he proposes is wrong?
The absence of the power of self control involves an
incapacity of knowing right from wrong. Knowledge
and power are the constituent elements of all volun-
tary action. A man who cannot control himself does
not know the nature cf his acts. A man who does not
know the nature of his acts is incapable of self con-
trol.’’ (Bold mine.)

On this reasoning, as well as through the mens rea
doctrine, one is led to the conclusion that a psychotic
defendant is not, by the traditional M’Naghten rule
and by the general principles of criminal law, respon-
sible for an act which results from a psychotic (in-
sane) irresistible impulse; and that no specifie doc-
trine is needed to spell out such a defense.

PSYCHONEUROSIS, not psychosis, is the real
battleground over irresistible impulse. Pyro-
mania, for example, in certain sex delinquen-
ies, in neurotically motivated writing of poi-
son pen or obscene letters, in behavior like
sees this, there is, by definition, no insanity. To
the juror, often to the judge, an ‘‘irresponsibility’’
defense is misinterpreted as an ‘‘insanity’’ defense.
(Actually, irresponsibility not insanity is the de-
fense.) If the defense counsel wants his client found
‘‘irresponsible,” he tries to get the judge and jury to
think of his emotional state as some species of insan-
ity. An obsessional neurotic is not insane. But the
defense, realizing that it is easier to get an acquit-
tal if the ‘‘psychosis’’ label can be attached, strives
mightily to emphasize the abnormality of the defen-
dant’s emotional state, hinting that it is somehow
akin to insanity. A neurotic in the grip of an irresis-
tible impulse is obviously not in a normal or healthy
state of mind, and the defense effort is to equate an
abnormal or unhealthy mind with an insane one.

With respect to neurotic (that is, sane) impulses,
there are three questions to be answered: (1) do these
impulses really exist? (2) might they lead to violent
or criminal behavior? and (3) what should be the
medico-legal status of a neurotic defendant in terms
of accountability to the law?

I do not suppose that any educated person denies
the existence of neurotic obsessions and compulsions.
A patient might have a powerful, an overwhelming,
urge to do something absurd—an urge so overriding
that it seizes consciousness while it dethrones con-
science. It may well be that the penalty for abstain-
ing is a severe one: nauseating sickness, choking
panic or almost-unbearable anxiety. All this is true.

But is such a compulsion irresistible? In any 100
per cent sense, no. If the patient will pay the price
in terms of his anxiety, he can resist—and in the
presence of others, he often does hold his hand back.
Assume an obsessive-compulsive about to set a fire.
A bystander walks by. The patient
abstains. If the bypasser remains,
the patient waits. His anxiety may
mount, he may get palpitations, he
may feel faint, he may well-nigh
drown in his anxiety. But he can
and does wait. The impulse is re-
sisted: It is, therefore, not irresis-
tible. This is the basis for ancient
but useful Bramwell formula:
vould the defendant have com-
mitted the crime had there been a
policeman at his elbow? With some
psychotics — indeed, with Me-
Naughten himself—the answer is
‘‘yes.”’ So compelling and irra-
tional was the urge that the pres-
enee of the policeman would not
stop him. When a paranoiac is
being apprehended, he often as-
saults the policeman who has come
to take him. Here the impulse is not resisted in the
presence of a policeman. With neurotic compulsions,
however, the answer to the Bramwell query is: “‘no.”’
The defendant would not have committed the crime
had there been a policeman at his elbow.

So, with neurotic impulses, the answer to the first
question is that such an impulse is not absolutely ir-
resistible, only relatively irresistible. The patient can
abstain at the cost of considerable anxiety. One must
avoid sanctimonious moral judgments here. Only he
who has suffered such panic, such miserable anxiety,
has the right to say smugly: ‘‘if you had the will
power, you could have refrained. Since you yielded
to the impulse, you must suffer the consequences.’’

The second question is whether neurotic obsessions
can lead to antisocial behavior. Wertham says “‘no.”’
Here is the way he puts it:

"... There is, with one exception, no symptom in
the whole field of psychopathology that would cor-
respond to a really ungovernable or uncontrollable
impulse. That exception is an obsessive-compulsive
neurosis. . . . Compulsions play no role in criminal
acts. It can be stated flatly that compulsions are al-
ways unimportant and harmless acts. A patient may
have to count the windows, to wipe off the doorknob,
to avoid stepping on eracks in the pavement. But he
never has to commit a truly impulsive criminal act.
.. . In the whole literature of psychiatry, there is
not a single case where a violent act constituted a
symptom in an obsessive-compulsive neurosis. The
‘irresistible impulse’ rule is socially backward .. .”’
(Bold mine).

This dogma sounds so sweeping that one’s immed
ate reaction is that it simply cannot be true. Pyro.
mania is a well-known compulsion. Most psychiatrists
would say it was an obsessional or neurotic kind of
compulsion. Arson is a violent act constituting a
symptom of an obsessive-compulsive neurosis.

The difficulty here is this: there are actually two
kinds of neurotic impulses, one being a ritual to pro-
tect against guilt and one being a sadistic act to bring
on self-punishment. In the first category, the com-
pulsive act must be harmless. Its whole purpose is
transfer of an effect from guilt-
laden to innocent behavior. This
Innocence is of the very fabric of
the neurosis. In Alexander’s hap-
py phrase, the compulsion is “‘a
bribe to the superego.’’ The pa-
tient can say to his conscience: “*I
am just counting cracks or wash-
ing my hands; an innocent ritual;
really I have not sinned; see how
innocent this act is, and how busy
I keep myself with it.’’

But these compulsions never
reach the court; within this frame-
work, Wertham was right.

Unhappily, there is a whole cal-
endar of crime which can be
reasonably attributed to neurotic
compulsiveness. Kleptomania and
pyromania, to mention two, are
antisocial and dangerous. Other neurotically rooted
impulse violations include open lewdness, writing
of poison pen letters, sending obscene letters through
the mails, indecent self-exposure, sexual acts against
children, voyeurism and the like. These are antisocial
and some are very traumatizing to their victims. So
the answer to the second question must be: yes,
neurotic compulsion can lead to antisocial behavior.

The third question concerns the accountability of
these patients. This is a matter of social policy rather
than medical definition. However, certain aspects of
it are worth a little reflection by the doctor. I think
here of the moral, the practical, the psychological
and the social aspects of the impulses of the neurotic.

THE third type of irresistible impulse is the
rage reaction in the otherwise normal person.
(The other two were psychotie and neurotic
impulses.) These rage reactions inelude sud-
den fits of temper, the fury of the cornered
psychopath, impulsive violence in people who
are, clinically, neither neurotic nor psychotic, and the
violence of alcoholism. In varying degrees, all people
are subjects to attacks of rage, potential or expressed,
brief bit of violence would be a great relief. So a man
might look through a store window and see some-
thing he wants with such longing that, for a moment,
he is tempted to break the window. A man with a
strong sex drive might be in a subway ear at night
alone with a strange and exciting girl; and to him
comes a Strong urge to copulate with her by force if
necessary. Driving an automobile there may be the
urge to step on the gas and go 100 miles an hour when
the road is clear and the engine is purring smoothly.
There may also be the urge to choke the bridge
partner who has just trumped your ace, to knock
down the man who has said something sarcastic.

But somehow most of us restrain the antisocial im-
pulse. Society says that punishment will be visited
on the man who does not restrain it. If the phrase
“irresistible impulse’? be defined with enough gen-
crosity, all of these rage and alcohol reactions, would
fall within the definition. Since I have already indi-
cated that the irresistible impulse doctrine should not
apply to psychoneurotic compulsions, I need only
add that a fortiori, it should not apply to the rage
reaction in the otherwise normal person.

There is little to be said about brainstorms, about
the allegedly temporary insanity that comes in a trice
and leaves without a trace. The psychiatrist can
recognize a psychoneurosis, for psychoneurosis is a
way of life, not a transient reaction. He can recog-
nize a psychosis, for that is his simplest professional
duty. In the absence of psychosis or neurosis, the
brainstorm which leads to violence may be due to
alcohol or to frustrations. It is playing with words
to call it "insanity."


Summary

IRRESISTIBLE impulse is a defense in a
lozen states. Many believe it should be a de-
ense in all.. As contemplated by the law, the
phrase ‘“‘irresistible impulse’’ refers, or was
yriginally intended to refer, only to the com-
“pulsiveness of an active psychosis. This is
what the law means when it throws the protecting
cloak of this doctrine around a defendant: it means
he was insane and his impulse was rooted in that in-
sanity.

The doctor, however, sees two other levels of such
impulses. In addition to the psychotic impulse, he
recognizes a variety of neurotic impulses, and also
rage reactions which lead to violence in otherwise
normal people.

It is generally agreed that a person who commits
an antisocial act because of a psychotic impulse
should not be treated as guilty. No special legal doc-
trine is needed to protect him. The only standard of
responsibility in most states is the M’Naghten rule.
This does not specially exculpate impulsive behavior.
But it does shield the person who does not appreciate
the wrongfulness of his acts. A psychotic in the grip
of a frenzied impulse cannot weigh the legal or moral
rightness of his acts. He is thus protected by the gen-
eral rule. Furthermore, his act is not voluntary be-
cause the psychosis destroyed his free agency. An
involuntary act never amounts to a crime. A special
irresistible impulse doctrine is not needed to protect
the psychotic defendant.

There seems to be no justification for exculpating
the otherwise normal person who commits a crime
because of a rage reaction, acute alcoholism or the
frenzied fury of a cornered psychopath. If such acts
were not considered crimes, then no one would ever
be responsible for anything. All antisocial acts are
the result of emotional drives which—by the defini-
tion of ‘‘antisocial’’—are also, in a sense, abnormal
drives.

The neurotic compulsion is at the nub of the prob-
lem. At this level there are two very different kinds
or neurotic impulsiveness. Failure to recognize this
has caused much confusion. Traditionally, the psy-
chiatrist thinks of an obsessive-compulsive act as an
innocent ritual needed to protect against the guilt
feeling generated by the patient’s thought of sin. All
such obsessions must be harmless since their purpose
is to display innocence. The phrase ‘‘neurotic com-
pulsiveness”’ or ‘‘neurotie irresistible impulse’’ in the
psychiatrist’s mind conjures up the image of one of
these harmless rituals.

But to the lawyer or judge, it suggests pyromania,
kleptomania, an urge to send obscene or poison-pen
letters, a compulsion towards self exposure or some
other traumatizing act. So the lawyer and doctor are
not talking the same language when they speak of
neurotic irresistible impulse. The doctor thinks of the
harmless obsession, the lawyer thinks of the danger-
ous impulse.

It would be socially hazardous to exempt the latter
group from accountability. Under these circum-
stances, offenders cannot be committed to hospitals
because, by definition, they are sane.

If they are considered legally irresponsible, they
cannot be detained in jails or prisons either.

If a person has a powerful, repetitive neurotic urge
to do violence, the protection of society requires that
he be restrained. Unless he is held responsible, he
simply cannot be lawfully restrained.

It is technically incorrect to say that such a person
is in the helpless grip of an irresistible impulse. The
neurotic with this type of impulse can, and ‘usually
does, control it in the presence of a third party.

In controlling the impulse, the neurotic usually
hurts himself. In yielding to it, he hurts others.

An impulse which can be resisted in the presence of
a third party, is not irresistible.

For Dr. Davidsons complete address and a number
interesting viewpoints on the subject of criminal in-
sanity see, ‘‘Crime and Insanity,’’—edited by Rich-
ard W. Nice.

The following books also give a wealth of informa-
tion on the subject of insanity in our courtrooms,
and are recommended to our readers.
Forsenie Psyehiatry—Davidson, Henry A.; Roland
Press, N. Y. 1952

Mental Disorder and Criminal Law—Glueck, S.
Sheldon; Little Brown and Co., Boston

We Call Them Criminals—Banay, Robert S., N. Y.
1957.
