---
id: "669"
title: "Tempus Fugit"
author: "Pascul, Roband"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Tempus Fugit!

By Roband Pascul

Inmate No. X-9999 was an absolute genius, rated by
the psychologists of the Mideastern Correctional In-
stitution as having an LQ. of 2694. Unfortunately,
X-9999 was also a homicidal maniac as proven by his
identification of the lower left-hand portion of the
third inkblot in the Rorschach test.

“Dat reminds me of an open umbrella,’’ said X-
9999 with no realization that his unwitting psycholog-
ical faux pas had branded him as a psychopathic, par-
anoid personality with undertones of schizophrenia
and overtones of ergophobia. Of course, the fact that
his erime had involved the annihilation of twenty-nine
people (removing from the map the village of Pine
Cone, Pennsylvania) was also a factor in his classi-
fication as a rather anti-social individual.

In immediate recognition of his talents (asa genus,
not a maniac), X-9999 was assigned to general main-
tenance. Soon, he was deeply engaged in repairing the
three TV sets for the reereation room with the aid
of an old 1.C.S. manual and the 93rd. volume of the
Encyclopedia Brittanica. When asked by the various
officials how he was coming along, X-9999 would smile
inscrutably and go on with his work. Recognizing an
inscrutable smile as an invariable sign of genius, they
would nod their heads in satisfaction and go about
their business. In fact, X-9999 so impressed everyone
with his eagerness that they allowed him to work in his
cell where he wouldn’t be disturbed by people who
kept asking him such things as ‘‘What is the atomic
weight of Lanthanum ?’’ ‘‘—139.92.’’ would reply X-
9999—or any other mundane questions.

During all this time, by the simple expedient of at-
tending sick call twice a week, arguing the merits of
Bull Durham as versus those of Target tobacco, and
denouncing the Communist, Socialist, Democratic,
Republican and Prohibitionist parties on any and all
occasions, he was able to keep hidden the fact that he
was actually applying his genius to the perfection of
a fool-proof escape plan.

On Wednesday, July 10, 1961, X-9999 waited until
the guard had made his check and then brought forth
from its hiding place a certain copy of ‘‘Astounding
Science Fiction." With eager fingers he checked cir-
cuits, condensers, transistors, and coagulaters against
the printed diagram of a "do-it-yourself" article en-
title: How to Build a Time-Machine in Your Spare
Time.

Everything checked out fine, and he chuckled in evil
anticipation. The old TV set had been converted into 
a time machine which would transport him into the
future, leaving behind the walls that imprisoned him.
X-9999 reveled in the thought that his escape would
make Willie Sutton look like a hooky-playing school-
boy, for where Willie had merely moved through
space, X-9999 was going to move through time—ten
years into the future. He hesitated a minute as a chil-
ling thought flashed through his mind. "Maybe the
joint will still be here?" "But no," he reasoned to
himself, "Didn't the papers say the state had ordered
the place torn down because of its age?" Ten years
from now this whole are would be a city park and he
would land right in the middle of it. He giggled aloud
at the thought that they might decide to build a fount-
ain on this very spot where he was standing. Well, a
wet suit would be a small price to pay for freedom. 
And so, without further delay, X-9999 slipped on a 
harness-type mechanism, plugged it into the machine,
blew a kiss toward the Warden's office, flipped a 
switch, and both he and the machine disappeared in a 
whirl of plans and an ultra-violet flash.

The guard came running up to the center, his face
pale as though he had seen a ghost. "Sarge," he 
called, "Sarge, nine block - that empty cell—" his 
voice stopped as he fought for breath.

"Take it easy, son," the sergeant soothed. "We
should have told you about that cell a long time ago.
You saw a man and one of those old type TV sets,
right?"

The younger man nodded in amazement, and the 
sergeant went on: "And he was cussin' and twirling
the dials on the thing-a-ma-bob, right? And then he
flashed out of sight, right?" Without waiting for an
answer he continued, "Well, don't let that bother you,
boy. Must be some sort of ghost in that cell. Keeps
poppin' up every ten years or so. Saw him myself
back in 2041. Now if you really want something to
worry about..." The older man lowered his voice,
and glanced over his shoulder. "You better think
about getting a new job, 'cause I hear they're going 
to close this place down, and mighty soon."
