---
id: "670"
title: "Profile"
author: "Thompson, Raymond"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Profile

HORATION ALGER had a sure-fire formula for suc-
cess; catch a run-a-way horse, marry the boss's 
daughter, and plenty of hard work. With bolting
roans a rarity in these parts and daughters of the 
boss virtually nil, the only criterion we have for judg-
ing success, is hard work. Using this standard, our 
profile for spring, Henry Saby, is at the top of the 
ladder.

While his first job here, (Clerk for the Director of
Treatment) offered little in the way of trade advance-
ment, it did allow Henry to learn the small things
that a man must possess. Emulating his superior's
methods of thinking matters over, he eliminated his
worse fault, hasty opinions. This new found maturity
helped Saby to re-evaluate his past and plot a useful
future. Realizing his biggest roadblock was a lack
of education, he joined Eastern's first high school
class, successfully passed his examinations and was
awarded a diploma.

At the same time, he requested and was granted 
reassignment to a block barber shop where he applied 
himself to learning a respectable trade in the event
he is released. In 1958 he was given a written, and on 
the job, examination by the state examiner and 
passed both with flying colors, earning a state bar-
ber's license. Recently his efforts were further re-
warded when he was appointed officer's barber.

The combination of high school diploma and Bar-
ber's license gained Saby further recognition when
the treatment staff voted that he receive the Reader's 
Digest Award, given tot he inmate of an institution 
who shows the most improvement.

While the previous accomplishments duly im-
pressed the officials, it is in the field of sports that
Henry has gained the respect of his fellow inmates.
A vigorous competitor, who lacked the grace of a
natural athlete, he had to work twice as hard to gain
acceptance. Finally acknowledged, he had a smash-
ing setback when he suffered a shoulder separation
during a football game. Yet, Saby's love for sports
was not diminished by this bad break. Rather than
remain a passive spectator, he put his schoolwork to
good use and became a member of the Echo sports
staff. His flair for describing the institutional sports
led to an award for journalism, the first given in this
institution.

That, until now, is the Henry Saby story. Remark-
able only because it happened in a prison, because it
happened to a man who had nothing to look forward
to but endless years behind walls. We won't go so 
far as to say that Henry is now a paragon of sun-
shine and joy; he still has his moments of doubts and 
small fears, just as the rest of us do. However, he
has learned the important lessons, controlling him-
self and his emotions and letting time serve him
rather than serving time.

Raymond Thompson
