---
id: "671"
title: "What Price Complacency?"
author: "WALDEN, Spencer"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
What Price
Complacency?

by Spencer Walden

In a recently published article it was pointed out
that the loot netted bank robbers during the past
year amounted to $1,300,000 while that obtained by
embezzlers exeeeded this amount by a sum ten times
greater.

It is to be regretted the article did not include the
ageregate length of the terms of imprisonment im-
posed by the courts as a penalty for these crimes for,
had this been done, it would have revealed the total
imposed on the bank robbers to be ten times greater
than that imposed on the embezzlers.

A brief study of this situation reveals the vast ma-
jority of the embezzlers receives but a token slap of
the wrist for his betrayal of trust while it is a well
established fact the bank robber is sentenced to any-
thing up to and including death though not charged
with a capital crime.

Although both conceived and carried out an unlaw-
ful means to an end the comparison differs not so
much in the degree of operation as it does in the end
result when both are held to account for it is then the
penalty compliments one while condemning the other.
Apparently, in the eyes of the law, the pen is not
mightier than the sword when in the hands of the
embezzler.

The explanations given by the courts in justifying
disparity of sentence all too often borders on expe-
dient temporizing, much in the manner of the boot-
legger who upon becoming addicted to his product
commenced selling it at a price considerably less than
he paid for it. When asked how he expected to man-
age a profit by such a method airily explained, ‘‘By
sales volume.”

We do not intend to disparage the embezzler, how-
ever, it is a well known fact that presentence investi-
gation by the courts invaribly reveals the embezzler
lived on a lavish seale and in the process accumulated
gambling debts. The bank robber, with few excep-
tions, comes from the so-called other side of the
tracks where a hand to mouth existence is the rule
rather than the exception and he accumulates little
other than an infamous reputation.

In neither case is the cause an excuse in the eyes
of the law unless influential friends appear bringing
pressure to bear when most needed. It is at such
time when mitigating circumstances crop up. The
question of who will have influential friends when
facing what is commonly referred to as the bar of
justice is academic while that of disparity of sentence
or inequity is considered moot.

Where neither man nor woman was ever designed
by nature to resist temptation the resistance of those
whose existence has been one of over-exposure to
economic malnutrition has been lessened by it. De-
spite this there will always be those who will
vehemently protest that, like ignorance of the law,
dire circumstances are no excuse for violating it and
they are right—it is a reason. Only the moral hypo-
erite would attempt to equate man’s resistance to
temptation, for obviously so, no intelligent person
would contend they could resist temptation in all its
varied forms. Because of this it is to be wondered at
that more of those who breach the laws of man and
nature are not emeshed in such toils.

The segments composing society are many and
raried and if among them there be one without its
quota of errant members that segment would consti-
tute the highest attainment of mankind. Whatever the
profession be it politics, law, medical, the many
sciences, business, finance, the clergy or sports among
which none of its members ever breached the laws of
man, nature or the ethical codes of society history has
failed to record this fact.

It has been estimated the total yearly loot taken
from department stores, supermarkets and hotels to-
gether with that taken from other businesses through
such means as fraudulent contracting, corruption,
eratt, political devices, chicanery, devious bookkeep-
ing, etc., would if applied to the national debt result
in an appreciable reduction. More to the point, a
veritable army of people are required to move loot
of sueh proportion. This army grows on a yearly
basis and very obviously is not confined in prison. In
comparison the fabled bank robber is but a small time
operator.

In view of this it would appear that no one segment
of society is morally qualified to hurl the first stone at
another and tends to dispute the fallacious contention
society is united in condemnation of its convicted
derelicts.

With disparity of sentence now so rampant, how-
ever, there is a question whether one is condemned
for the commission of the crime or the lengthy sen-
tence imposed as a penalty. Crime is not a way of
life nor an avocation. It can perhaps best be described
as an onerous means to an onerous end. Other than
the buecaneers and privateers, who were actually
licensed pillagers, it would be contentious to state
another individual visualized a life of crime as a rich
and rewarding experience.

When branding another a criminal it is well to
remember it is a tragic indictment of any economic
system where we find men bred to toil, willing to toil
yet when unable to find it all too often as a result end
up in a prison cell. Equally ironic, and unjust though
it may be, in too many instances, the rungs of the
social ladder are the scales used to weigh justice—the
lower rung the higher the penalty. In fact, it is fast
becoming proverbial that justice, or at least punish-
ment, travels with greater celerity when dealing with
the poor and neglected than when concerned with the
wealthy and influential.

It is only when one studies the question of punish-
ment meted out by the courts that widespread dispar-
ity of sentence and punishment becomes apparent.
When an excessive or lengthy sentence is imposed
and unduly publicized the majority of those reading
of such fate conclude the one so sentenced to be be-
yond redemption. Had a moderate sentence resulted
the conclusions, in all probability, would have been
otherwise and hope would have prevailed for the de-
fendant as well as by him.

As long as a lack of uniformity of sentence and
punishment is permitted the cause of rehabilitation is
lost for all practical purposes and prisons must re-
main the scourge of humanity. When the individual
or board is vested with arbitrary powers what usual-
ly follows, with inequitable consistency, is an abuse
of discretion. The callous abuse of discretionary
powers can be curbed only with the enactment of
uniform laws governing the dispensing of justice
without partiality. The publicity seeking jurist who
‘‘who hits the defendant with the book’’ has served
little, if anything, other than his own questionable
ends.

If the purpose of imprisonment is rehabilitation
and/or punishment both objectives could and should
be achieved within a reasonable length of time. Ex-
cessive or lengthy terms of imprisonment so disparate
as to be self-defeating, even if purposeful, serve
neither justice nor humanity.

The lot of one condemned to a lengthy term of im-
prisonment is not a eredit to modern civilization.
Such a fate is as difficult to portray with words as it
is to visualize without the actual experience. It is but
a crude degenerative process that eventually reduces
its victim to a dehumanized state of being void of all
his Creator willed.

As the leaves from the calendar fall so too do the
hopes for release by the long term prisoner short of
that time when his physical resources still remain in-
tact. Those who have served 20-25-30 or more years
have inescapably been soured by the march of time
against time. The only change in their days comes
with the weather as they kill time which in the end
kills them. As they slowly vegctate through the years
they become conscious of their physical deterioration
yet seemingly show little awareness of the mental
erosion that comes with long years of debilitating
confinement. It is as though, caught up on the horns
of a moral dilemma, they are forced to parry the
consequences.

When the long termer’s years adds up to decades
he becomes but a relic of a past to whom all blessings
have long since ceased to flow. In effect, he can be
likened to one of the Grapes of Wrath turned sour
by an over-extended stay on the dry gallows which
lengthens rather than shortens his existence. With
both feet anchored in oblivion his spirit must remain
horizontal as automatism actuates his will without
conscious violition as he plods through the years void
of life as the phrase implies.

While viewing death with a certain degree of hope,
these victims of disparity tend to shun the opening
of the vein although aware one cannot be hurt falling
from bed when sleeping on the floor.

In all prisons the three ‘R’s’ hold sway consisting
of rules regulations and regulations regulating regu-
lations and rules and these the long termer learns
early by rote. When nearing the end of his first dee-
ade the impenetrable viewpoint of the Gods of Fate
no longer mystify him. At the end of his second dece-
ade he is no longer the same individual he was a score
of years earlier for there remains not as much as ¢
single cell in his body unchanged by time. While his
horizons have been physically limited his fields of
interest have lessened perceptively from loss of pro-
gressive contacts. His generation having gone the
ray of all flesh, the friends and acquaintances of yes-
teryear have ceased to be; the fairweather becoming
early casualties.

In later years newspapers became available and
through them he partially frees himself from his eul-
tural ghetto only to learn that erime, to an unwhole-
some extent, has become glorified by mass news media
—the world’s most authoritative university. The
changes wrought by time and man’s efforts, he learns,
are miraculous. The atomic age has arrived. The
nation’s population has increased some 60 odd mil-
lion. The 11 million unemployed of the depression—
prohibition era of his day has since been absorbed in
the 67 million now employed. The dollar has been
stabilized, the banks and financial institutions steril-
ized while the wave of suicides, loss of homes and
property of the pre-bank holiday fiasco seemingly has
been forgotten. Then the pen was mightier than the
sword.

From the press he learns of penal statistics pur-
porting to show 98% of those imprisoned are event-
ually released. In turn he estimates the number of
those who lost their struggle in the inner recesses of
their minds and were committed to mental hospitals.
Then there were those claimed by the Grim Reaper;
still the figure remains constant. It is not broken
down showing what percent of those released were
but shells of the men they once were or the men they
might have been.

The figure lures the long termer and he gauges the
chances his petition for clemency would have running
the gauntlet of his detractors only to realize the fu-
tility of such an effort. Later, he learns of master
plans on the drawing boards of the penologists
throughout the nation which will revise and reorgan-
ize the existing penal setup. At long last the centuries
old system of penology will be overhauled and one-
man rule will be replaced by enlightened and pro-
gressive policies. A new day will dawn, a new phase,
new phrases, new policies and programs will be
effected.

The long termer awaits hopefully, aware that which
the Gods would destroy they must first create. With-
in a few short years the dust again settles and he
wonders if, in the interim, his status has undergone a
change. He is advised he must first divorce himself
from his past before a change in his status can be
considered. He reflects on his past with a memory
dulled by it and wonders how one divorcees oneself
from a past that has become a stigma. The longer he
remains confined, his chances for release decrease. A
victim of disparity of justice he has been consigned
to the scrap heap of life and in time becomes resigned
to his fate which adds up to nothing. He will not be
numbered among the statistical 98% nor be a part of
the myth that each was born to be free for his con-
demnation embraces the decay of the soul. And this
the penalty he must pay for the commission of a non-
heinous crime when a moderate term of punishment
would not only have been adequate but humane as
well.

Thus does disparity of sentence, punishment and
clemency not only serve to render its victim less
human in nature but by so doing creates a mockery
of justice for without equity justice becomes injustice.

What price complacency? Why endless years of
imprisonment as a penalty for a non-heinous type of
erime when within minutes a uniform sentence law
ean be drafted abolishing for all time disparity, in-
equity and the infamous caste system of justice pre-
vailing for centuries past.

Is it not time to raise the curtain of irony conceal-
ing this complacency and examine the policies or lack
of them which generates injustice, prerequisite to a
higher moral climate than has been written into the
pages of history?

The age-old system of exacting vengeance from
transgressors has time and again served to produce
malignant situations that defied solution. The fal-
lacious contention that society would not be protec-
ted if humane measures were enacted into law is re-
futed by the fact society never has been protected.
The safety of the public lies in a multitude of counse-
lors other than politically-minded sycophants. Only
those gifted with compassion deserve the confidence
of the public.

What better time than the present to look for new
frontiers in the field of justice and by so doing elim-
inate the abuses that have plagued society and re-
tarded an understanding of the causes distinguishing
one way of life from another. And by so doing would
it not be reasonable to believe undesirable causes and
ill-effeets could be controlled if such an effort were
to be made? And would it not be feasible to concen-
trate more effort in determining and isolating the
factors causing the run of the mill derelicts and their
counterparts in the professions including errant office
holders, who likewise occasionally stray across that
invisible border into the world called criminal, and
institute preventive measures?

While human nature has painfully demonstrated
infallibility is not easily dispensed with, the courts,
with incredible ease, have demonstrated justice can
be dispensed with.

Among the victims of injustice there is one dom-
inant characteristic—complaceney—responsible in
no small part for the destruction of individuals and
nations alike. The individual of today who views in-
justice as of no concern may well become a victim of
complacency tomorrow.
