---
id: "672"
title: "Untitled"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
In the early part of this century, Dr. J. William White, was a resident physician in
ESP and later became a member of the Board of Inspectors. In his will, he provided
that a certain amount of money be placed in trust to be used by the institution for
the prisoner whose term expired during the year; who had undergone his first term of
penal servitude, whether here or in any other prison; who was under 25 years of age
or over 65 years of age and who was selected by the authorities as a most deserving
and most likely to be of permanently honest ways. This man was to be given the
income of this fund. Dr. White did this in remembrance of his service as a resident
physician and later as inspector of this institution.

This fund has been reactivated and the Girard Trust Corn Exchange Bank is the
present trustee under the terms of the recent adjudication it is our procedure to
certify to the Commissioner who shall receive this award. This will be an annual
award and for the year 1960 | certified that Angelo Miccolas be awarded the $100,
because in our opinion he met the conditions of Dr. White's will.

Each year, therefore, the staff will recommend the individual whose term has ex-
pired during the year and this, in turn, shall be forwarded by the Superintendent tor
the Commissioner, who will certify the name of the nominee to the trustee for the
award.
