---
id: "673"
title: "Case History: Some Rain Must Fall..."
author: "Powell, Robert"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Case History : 
Some 
Rain 
Must
Fall...

by 
Robert Powell
Psychologist, SCIPHA

All of us are probably familiar with the philo-
sophical statement that, ‘‘into every life a little rain
must fall.’’ The popular interpretation of this ab-
stract phrase centers around the idea that every in-
dividual will encounter adversity and tragedy in the
course of his life. A psychologist who, by his train-
ing, is constantly seeking hidden meanings and clues,
would usually be inclined to give a more unique and
detailed interpretation of this phrase. He would state
that feelings of tension, anxiety, and frustration are
a normal part of life in a complex, highly civilized
society. The important consideration is how the in-
dividual perceives, combats, and overcomes these
feelings. By the same token, there are personal trag-
edies and disasters which befall each and every one
of us. How we are able to handle and surmount these
dire experiences is a strong indication of our capacity
for successful living.

In the case of individuals who have manifested
underlying personality disturbances through emo-
tional disorders and/or criminal acts, we can usually
assume that calamitous events have occurred which
they have been unable to handle constructively. Their
traumatic experiences are often so painful that they
must be repressed from the conscious mind. Never-
theless, they are often potent factors in shaping a
person’s behavior.

Many psychologists view criminality as a form of
deviant behavior akin to, if not identical with, mental
illness. In helping an individual to restructure a life
which has been dissipated in crime, a psychologist will
utilize similar techniques and theories to those that
he would apply to a patient whose difficulties clearly
emerged from an emotional disorder with no anti-
social involvements.

He relies on the basic premise that behavior is con-
tinuous and meaningful. Patterns of response which
are established in childhood tend to persist into ado-
lescenee and adult life, unless they are modified by
subsequent experiences. In most cases these patterns
are modified substantially as the individual learns
greater self-control, becomes less self-centered, and
develops a better understanding of himself and
others. When there is a failure in the modification of
these patterns, we say that the individual has not
progressed adequately in his maturation. The anxie-
ties, frustrations, and conflicts which daily confront
a person in our competitive society then prove diffi-
cult and sometimes impossible to mange. Thus, are
the foundations laid for mental illness and eriminal
behavior.

To illustrate these points, the following case his-
tory is presented. The facts are true, only the name
is fictitious. The skeletal features alone are pre-
sented, for to relate the entire case would require
several editions of the Echo. This case history has
been selected because personality patterns are rela-
tively clear-cut, and should pose little difficulty of
understanding.

Nelson Curtis is a 38 year old single male inmate
at the State Correctional Institution at Philadelphia.
He is no stranger to prison, having spent 10 of his
adult years in various correctional institutions. Nel-
son has been convicted of four felonies, and is cur-
rently serving a 24 to 5 year sentence for larceny.

The symptoms of maladjustment are readily dis-
cernible, and are not unusual in a prison population.
Nelson has used alcohol excessively, has been unable
to maintain steady employment, and perhaps most
important of all, he has been unable to establish and
maintain meaningful relationships with other people.

Why did these felonies occur? Was this man just
too lazy to work, and sought an easy way to success
through erime? Did he drink excessively because he
enjoyed the company of the people he met in bars,
or was he trying to blot out the unpleasantness and
disillusionments he had experienced in life? Answers
to these questions are seldom apparent, but with con-
tinued study and search we can usually gain under-
standing of these complex problems.

To the casual observer, Nelson’s home environment
would appear to have been adequate. His father was
employed as a civil administrator, and was able to
provide well for his family. The death of Nelson’s
mother from pneumonia (when he was only 1 year
old) resulted in a situation which profoundly effected
him for the rest of his life. Subsequent to her death,
Nelson went to live with the Maternal Grandparents,
while Jim, his older brother, was placed with the
Paternal Grandparents. His grandparents, though
well-intentioned, overlooked two significant factors
in their relationship with him. They were extremely
overindulgent—a practice which is common among
grandparents, but usually has little significance be-
cause they do not have much influence upon the gen-
eral development of their grandchildren. In Nel-
son’s case they were, for all intents and purposes,
parents, and their influence was considerable. Much
more serious repercussions were to stem from the
fact that they attempted to turn Nelson against his
father because they were antagonistic towards his
religious beliefs, When Nelson was six his father re-
married, and the family was reunited.

As a result of the grandparents’ influence, Nelson
could not accept the affection showed him by his
father after the family was rejoined. The attentions
of his step-mother were even more strongly refused
since she was a total stranger—and how could he ac-
cept a stranger’s relationship if he could not accept
his own father’s?

In the course of time Nelson perceived that his re-
jection of his parents was unwarranted. He was able
to recognize that his father was a warm, mild, gra-
cious individual with high moral and ethical stand-
ards. The acceptance of his step-mother did not come
as easily, however, because she was more inconstant
in temperament. Her feelings for Nelson were genu-
ine and strong, so despite his attempts to deny any
positive emotions, he eventually was weaned from his
original animosity toward her. In recognizing the
lack of justification for his behavior toward his par-
ents, Nelson was exposed to deep feelings of remorse
and shame. These feelings were so poignant and pain-
ful, that they were repressed—that is—pushed out
of his conscious mind. This reaction alleviated the
immediate pain of guilt, but subsequently allowed
them to act as motives for irrational and injurious
behavior when he reached adulthood.

The second major tragedy of Nelson’s life occurred
when he was eight years of age. He underwent major
surgery for the excision of a brain abscess. The oper-
ation, though gravely serious, did not necessarily im-
pose any restrictions or limitations on his future de-
velopment. The unhappy results of this operation
acerued because of circumstances within the family
constellation. His parents were naturally concerned
about his physical health after this operation, and
they manifested their anxiety through overconcern
for his welfare and restriction of his activities. They
continually admonished him to ‘‘take it easy’’ and
implored him not to exert himself in any way that
might jeopardize his health. These are difficult in-
structions for almost any child to adhere to, and for
Nelson they proved doubly difficult. Firstly, he was
trying to disprove the feelings of unworthiness which
he initially experienced in regard to himself. Second-
ly, there was a strong rivalry with his older brother
which made it imperative for Nelson to assert himself
whenever possible. Deep conflict was thus induced
and this evoked in Nelson strong feelings of resent-
ment toward his parents. He looked upon their ad-
monitions as attempts at unreasonable restriction
upon his behavior, not realizing that they were mo-
tivated in their actions by their concern for him.
These feelings of resentment tended to reinforce the
unconscious euilt which he was already experiencing.

Nelson’s adolescent development was character-
ized by withdrawal and emotional blunting. That is,
he tended to hold himself aloof from other people,
and sought to approach all phases of life strictly from
the intellectual standpoint. These were attempts to
combat the emotional conflicts which he experienced,
but could neither identify nor overcome.

At the age of twenty, Nelson suffered another seri-
ous reversal. He was apprehended by the police in
a stolen automobile, although circumstances seemed
to indicate that he had no knowledge that the car.was
stolen. He was sentenced to White Hill for this of-
fense and served 14 months. At the time of his arrest,
Nelson was deeply enamoured of a young woman,
and they were making plans for marriage. These
plans were necessarily postponed, and when they
tried to resume their courtship upon his release, her
parents intervened and terminated their relationship
with finality.

The humiliation and rejection he suffered as a
consequence of his incarceration, proved to be more
than Nelson could tolerate. He began to drink
heavily, to allay his guilt feelings, and was soon re-
turned to White Hill as a parole violator. This ad-
ditional term of imprisonment only added further
welght to Nelson’s feelings of worthlessness and
shame. Two subsequent paroles followed the same
pattern, until Nelson reached the age of twenty-six,
which no longer made him subject to the indefinite
sentence which had been imposed upon him.

The past twelve years have brought a succession of
impulsive, useless felonies, and although Nelson pos-
sesses superior intelligence, his crimes have never
been well planned nor carefully executed. It was
almost inevitable that he would be caught, and in
fact, this was one of the strongest motives which im-
pelled him to commit these acts.

The idea of a need for punishment is a hard one for
many people to accept, but when an individual experi-
ences overriding feelings of shame and guilt, it is
only through punishment that these feelings can be
assuaged.

There does not seem to be any need for close seru-
tiny of these last 12 years of Nelson’s life, for we
would find only the results rather than the sources or
causes of his behavior. The forces that were set in
motion during his childhood, and which were subse-
quently reinforced during adolescence and early
adulthood, have been the prepotent factors in shap-
ing his pattern of living.

Those who view crime as essentially a matter of
will power, will probably feel that this is not a typical
or representative case. It is not—nor for that matter
is there any such thing as typical when we deal with
individuals and their unique problems. Every person
presents his own pattern of motives, drives, and de-
fenses. We can never attribute a person’s deviant
acts to one specific event or cireumstance, nor can we
ascribe it to a failure in one diserete area of function-
ing. The criminal act becomes one type of solution—
a poor one indeed, and serves some purpose for the
individual, whether it be the need for power, aggres-
sion, or punishment. These propositions, of course,
dismiss entirely the will-power theory of crime. This
is a viewpoint held by many psychologists. 
