---
id: "674"
title: "Spotlight On: The Salvation Army"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Spotlight On:
THE SALVATION ARMY

by THOMAS WILLIAMS

THE SALVATION ARMY is an international
organization with houses of worship and re-
habilitation centers in 87 countries. It was
established in the United States in 1800. Its
original motto was ‘‘ Religious enightenment
for the masses.’’ This guiding principle was
carried out with great fervor by its hmited number
of officers at that time. One of the great men of this
organization was General William Booth, who en-
visioned a humanitarian scheme for social better-
ment. His concern for the masses of poverty-stricken
people led to his institution houses to feed the home-
less and destitute. His great book, ‘‘The Way Out”
cited methods later adopted in modern social welfare.

It was during these years that their evangelistic
services were extended to encompass greatly the
fallen men of society, (alcoholics, criminals, dere-
licts, ete.) The first quarter century of the nineteen
hundreds were indeed trying years. The officers of
this organization subjected themselves to the abuse
and ridicule of the unenlightened. Their men and
women trudged wearily into the vice ridden areas of
the United States, to minister aid and preach a re-
claiming gospel to its multitudes. As years passed
the organization grew to tremendous proportions.
The great work they were doing was being recog-
nized by people all over the world. Suffice it to say
that, their need for recognition hes only in their de-
sire for men to embrace the teaching of the bible.

The Salvation Army’s social service work comprises
family welfare service, shelters for transients, homes
and hospitals for unmarried mothers, and nurseries.
Also included are employment bureaus, disaster emer-
gency service, Red Shield clubs and PENAL WORK
AMONG PRISONERS, FAMILIES OF PRISONERS,
AND PERSONS: DISCHARGED OR PAROLED
FROM PENAL INSTITUTIONS. 

This is only a small list of the functions and duties
of this organization. The men of this particular in-
stitution can attest to the help and guidance they
have received. Many a man with time served-jobless
and homeless-has asked the Salvation Army for help.
They have received it with an abundance of pleasure.
The plaudits are all too few for these dedicated men
and women. These people have founded their princi-
ples on religious and social help for others regardless
of Race, Color, Creed, or Religion.

Envoy Elmer Prynn and Mr. Jabez Harding are the
men who have fulfilled these functions within this
institution. Their strong and successful efforts in the
cause of rehabilitated men is deeply inspiring. We
lend emphasis to these two personalities because of
our long association with them and our personal
eratitude for their unselfish acts in behalf of the total
organization.

On December 13, 1960, Dr. Howard Rusk, Director
of the Institute of Physical Medicine was awarded a
plaque for his years of devoted public service in the
field of rehabilitation. I think it significant tor a
brief outline of his speech to be reprinted. He said,
“I am deeply grateful for this honor, and the way in
which it was presented. I have never heard a word of
criticism about the Salvation Army’s program in this
eountry or any other part of the world.
“You have a unique and wonderful ministry. I
think it’s so because regardless of the volume of your
service you never lose sight of the individual. And
regardless of what the problem is you serve with dig-
nity, and respect the dignity of those you serve.”

These simple words reflected the true meaning and
value of this great ministerial association.

SINCE time immemorial man has succumbed
to erratic reasoning and beliefs. These
thoughts have oftimes led him on a path of
chaos and confusion. The distorted acts of
the criminal are a prime example. Yet we are
fully aware that the majority is not beyond
redemption. It is with faith in this edict that the
Salvation Army has lifted up the men and women
who have stumbled along the way of life.

When a man is friendless and alone he is a despair-
ing soul. Many times the consolation that someone
is near who believes in him, is enough to inspire him
to greater heights.

For over 80 years the Salvation Army has stood by
the side of man to guide him spiritually, to help him
physically, socially and religiously. We salute Envoy
Prynn and Mr. Harding and the officers throughout
the world. They have truly breathed life into the
doctrine of, ‘‘The Brotherhood of Man.’’
