---
id: "675"
title: "Maximum Security or Maximum Rehabilitation"
author: "Hallowell, William K. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0031.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Maximum Security 
or
Maximum Rehabilitation?

by William K. Halowell

‘‘Eastern State Pen To Be Closed’’ the headlines
recently announced. The gist of the copy below was
that Attorney General Anne X. Alpern and Governor
David L. Lawrence’s investigation into conditions
within the State Correctional Institution at Philadel-
phia had led to the decision that it should be closed
entirely, or changed into a diagnostic or medical cen-
ter, or perhaps both.

The article went on to say that the state legislature
had agreed that both the Philadelphia and Pittsburgh
institutions should be closed, and had appointed a
committee to select the sites for the erection of two
maximum security prisons in the commonwealth. The
cost to exceed twenty million dollars and, perhaps,
run as high as forty million.

While the geographical location and antiquated
structure of the Eastern institution speaks eloquently
for its own condemnation, there is no actual necessity
for another maximum security prison when modern
penology has shown that rehabilitative measures are
what produce dividends for the community. A quick
gvlanee at California’s success within the field of
treatment via minimum security and maximum ther-
apy, would prove that punishment for punishment’s
sake is an outmoded and expensive indulgence.

Since ninety-eight per cent of the inmates of penal
institutions will eventually return to free society, the
emphasis should be on helping them remake their
lives into something of which they can be proud and
that will benefit the community both morally and
economically. That Pennsylvania agrees with basic
concept of modern penology is exemplified by the
very name, ‘‘State Correctional Institution. ’’

Why not, then, take another step forward? Since
two new institutions are needed, build them, but
make them of the minimum security type. The money
saved on the walls alone would be enough to raise the
salaries of the personnel to a level that would not
only attract men of high caliber, but would keep
those men already in service, with superior abilities,
from being tempted by the higher wages paid in pri-
vate industry.

Then, too, minimum security institutions are much
more self-supporting than their medium and maxi-
mum security counterparts. The surrounding acreage
usually contains a dairy, piggery, and other food
producing units, while a cannery can be installed to
insure a food supply for the winter months.

The benefits to the individual inmate are immedi-
ately obvious. Among other things he learns good
work habits, and experiences, perhaps for the first
time, a sense of achievement in doing a worthwhile
job, and doing it well. (In the Philadelphia and Pitts-
burgh institutions there are over three hundred men
sweeping the yards and cellblocks, polishing brass
and doing other make-work jobs.)

While adopting the view that no man is so far gone
that he cannot be rehabilitated, it is only being realis-
tic to admit that some men have to be held in close
custody until such time that they can be classified as
lesser security risks. These few men could easily be
accommodated at the Graterford institution, which
contains sixty-four acres within its walls. Further
security measures could be devised if needed. How-
ever, the fact remains that fortress-like citadels are
no longer needed, necessary, or even desirable, and
that ‘‘open’’ institutions are cheaper to build and
operate and provide better facilities for the treatment
and rehabilitation of the inmate population. 
