---
id: "676"
title: "Lord, Let Me Find Rest In Thee"
author: "WASHINGTON, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Lord, Let Me Find Rest In Thee
by
Rev. Paul Washington
Episcopal Chaplain

For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I hate,
that I do. O Wretched man that I am, who shall de-
liver me from this body of death?

“Mike,’’ asked a fellow inmate, ‘‘what makes peo-
ple act the way they do sometimes, why do they get
the impulse to do erazy, dumb things which they
themselves know don’t make sense?

I immediately remembered that Paul (Apostle)
had long ago wrestled with this identical question ;
also a few others since him.

I hesitate to talk about automobiles in connection
with this soul-stirring question, but my mind went
back to the time when I had my first automobile in-
spected (I still have it). I noticed that the mechanic
inspected the brakes, windshield wipers, steering
wheel, king pins and the head and tail hghts. I was
somewhat surprised to discover that he was not con-
cerned about the rings, valves, fuel pump, carburetor
and the other mechanisms which actually run the car.
He did not want to know if it would run. He simply
wanted to be sure that if it ran, it would be able to
stop, to be steered accurately and if my windshield
wipers provided proper visibility etc.

Somehow I have the feeling that our lives have
accidents because our brakes and windshield wipers;
our steering assembly and our lights are faulty, and
therefore we are unsafe and unpredictable both to
ourselves as well as to others.

How can I be trusted to move into the stream of
life if I do not have the power to stop when it is time
to stop?

Am I safe and are you safe if the mechanisms
which guide me cannot be accurately and sensitively
controlled?

My lights not only enlighten my way before me,
but I must have others which indicate that I am on
the road and what I am anticipating. Can I move
forward safely if my headlights are cockeyed? Can
you follow me confidently if my stop hehts or signal
lights are unreliable?

What is my chance, and what is yours if I am driv-
ing in the rain or snow and my windshield is not
equipped to provide adequate visibility ?

There is no telling what any man will do if he
cannot see; if his willpower is ineffective; if his word
is unreliable; if his mind is unreasonable; if his heart
is feelingless—if his charater is sick. Any man might
do any thing.

To keep life roadworthy is costly, and the expen-
ditures to maintain its fitness last as long as life it-
self.

Our minds must constantly be fed to dispell ignor-
ance and to have the stuff which reason needs to dis-
cover truth and reality.

Our emotions must be trained to express as well
as to respond in a manner worthy of the dignity of
Man, made in God’s image.

Our actions must be creative, and purposeful.

And the soul must strive to be in harmony with its
Creator.

‘‘O God’’ wrote St. Augustine, ‘‘Thou hast created
us for Thyself, and our hearts are restless until they
find rest in Thee’’.
