---
id: "677"
title: "The Open Door"
author: "SOLOMON, Ph.D. Rabbi Victor"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Open Door
by
Rabbi Dr. Victor Solomon
Jewish Chaplain

An artist, after much devoted labor, presented his
finest work for the expert analysis of the critics. As
the painting, a picture of a synagogue door, was un-
veiled, a hush fell over the assembled group of con-
noisseurs. It was the most magnificent work of art
they had ever seen. As the first reaction of admira-
tion began to subside, one observant critic declared :
‘‘Gentlemen; the painting is unfinished!’’ A hush
descended on the little group. ‘‘ What do you mean?’’
an incredulous voice called out.

“Look at the painting,’’ the first voice answered.
“It is a perfect rendition of a synagogue door. But
where is the knob?’’

The artist stepped up to his precious work to ex-
plain. ‘‘ You see, gentlemen,’’ he said, ‘‘This is not an
ordinary door. It is the door to the human heart;
this door can be opened only from the inside!’’

Sometimes we are misled into the fallacious belief
that others can open our hearts to God, to truth, to
decency, to the call of our fellowmen. They think
that a sermon or a clever argument will do the trick
in some miraculous way. But spiritual sluggards
who want others to do their hard work for them are
wrong. No one can open your heart for you. It is a
case of do it yourself. Each man must open the door
of his own heart from within.

With the approach of Passover, the Festival of
Liberation, we could enrich our lives immeasurably
if we face the fact that the only real prisoners in this
world are not those who are behind steel bars and
concrete walls, but the poor wretches who have
thrown away the keys to the door of their own hearts.
True liberation can come to anyone who is brave
enough to turn that creaky old knob and open the
door of their hearts to the truest freedom: com-
munion with God and fellowman.
