---
id: "678"
title: "Man Is Image of God or Devil"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. Arthur D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0033.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Man Is Image Of God Or Devil
by
Dr. Arthur D. Williams
Protestant Chaplain

What is Man? In our family when the new baby
is born, the question is often asked, ‘‘Who is it like?”
The proud parents beam when it is said that, ‘‘The
child looks like his father.’’ The baby, ‘“‘Is the very
image of his mother.’’ Sometimes we reach back and
discover that the child looks like its grand-parents.
The question still remains—"WHO WAS THE
FIRST MAN LIKE?’’ The Bible says that God ere-
ated man in His own image and after His own like-
ness.

One secret that seems little understood to this day
is, ‘‘Who is Man like?’’ It was a secret, in that God
did not tell Man that He was ‘‘MADE”’ in the image
of His maker. This conversation was held alone
among the Godhead. Man was told that he was made
out of ‘“DUST.’’ Man was not made of the earth or
ground, but dust. Dust is the most barren and worth-
less of all substances. Thus, Man was made different
from all or anything else. God had no higher model,
so He made Man like Himself. The Hebrew word for
“CREATE” (Bara), is used when God ‘‘CREATED
THE FISH OF THE SEA, THE FOWL OF THE AIR
AND THE BEAST OF THE FIELD." A different
word is used for Man. God said let us ‘‘MAKE’’ Man.
(Yasha—Heb. for Make). Manis an artifact. He came
into being by special creation.

It is reasonable to say if man loses the image
(Tselem); The Spirit and Power (Demuth); and
Likeness of God, he is nothing. This is evidenced by
the fact that we usually consign Man’s body back to
Mother Earth with these words,— "EARTH TO
EARTH, ASHES TO ASHES, AND DUST TO
DUST.’’ Man’s material value is ike dust; common
and worthless. It is what is inside that makes the
difference. Someone has broken down the material
value of the body of a two hundred pound man and
found that we could buy all his composition for less
than a dollar.

A man who weighs 100 pounds is 67 pounds water.

In pre-Nazi Germany the following statement about
Man was frequently quoted: ‘‘The human body con-
tains a sufficient amount of fat to make seven cakes
of soap; enough iron to make a medium-sized nail; a
sufficient amount of phosphorus to equip two thous-
and match-heads; enough sulphur to rid one’s self of
one dog’s fleas.’’ Today all of this material would
cost eighty-five cents (85¢).

We either look like God and are made after His
likeness or we look like the evil one and bear his like-
ness. There is no middle ground. We must be like
Him or we are not like Him. If we are not like Him,
then we take on the image and likeness of the one
who blots out God’s image. On the inside Man is en-
dowed with human dignity or the nature of the beast.

The story is told that when Leonardo Di Vinci was
inspired to paint ‘‘The Last Supper’’, he searched far
and wide to find a youth with a face of innocence to
represent Christ. He found such a young man. After
he had pa‘nted all of the Disciples, except Judas, he
had even more difficulty in finding a man to represent
Judas. Long and far he searched until he found a
man with a marred and malignant countenance. He
used this man for his model of Judas. After he had
finished his work, the young man who was painted
as Judas, revealed to the painter, that he was
the same man, who years before had been used as the
model of Jesus. He lost the image of God! He took
then the image of the Devil!

Sin blots out the image of God and replaces it with
the image of the Devil. How does sin blot out the 1m-
age of God? It simply lets Man forget that he was
made in God’s image. When this is done, Man has no
love and concern for himself, for his fellowman or
for God. All our crimes are the result of man blotting
out God’s image. When this is done, then Man will
take what belongs to his fellowman, when this is
done, Man will mistreat his fellowman. When this is
done Man will beat, bruise, rape, ie and kill his fel-
lowman. Do you think that any sane Man would mis-
treat his fellowman, if he acted as though the man he
harms is God’s image? When Man mistreats himself
or his fellowman, it is because he no longer sees man
as the image of God, but he looks on himself and
others as made in the image of the Devil. Not one
man or woman would be in prison today, if he or she
respected Man and upheld his human dignity. In
the Bible we are told to have respect for even dead
bodies. How much more must we respect the feelings,
property and life of our fellowman! Man was made
in God’s image and anyman who abuses his fellow-
man or fellow-woman must pay the price! 
