---
id: "679"
title: "Eastern Chess Review"
author: "Harmon, Norman"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0034.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Eastern Chess Review
by Norman Harmon

The third annual ESP Chess Club Championship
Tournament has been completed and finds Andre
Paschedag being crowned the new Champion. Andy
won the abbreviated tournament by posting 7 wins
against 1 defeat. Congratulations, Andy!!

In Philadelphia Chess Association League play, we
have had Championship Section Matches with The
Pawn Chess Club, University of Pennsylvania and
Ukrainian-American Chess Clubs. The Pawn Club
match was played on November 19th and found
Paschedag, and Hollowell scoring over R. Abele and
D. Ellensworth ; while Pearson, Brawner and Williams
drew with R. Wisner, V. Smith and R. Cintrone, to
give ESP a 3 1/2—1 1/2 win.

The University of Pennsylvania Chess Club made a
visit to ESP on December 4th and suffered a 3 1/2—1 1/2
loss. This occurrred by Pearson, Hollowell and
Paschedag besting Canter, Lugar and Leach. Thomas
Williams drew with S. Murphy. In the other game
T. Brawner lost to C. MacNamara.

Tragedy struck the ESP’s Championship Team
when the Ukrainian-Americans, currently leading the
league, invaded and trounced our club by a score of
4 1/2—1/2, Brawner, Paschedag, Hollowell and Williams
went down to defeat at the hands of Subtelny, Dus-
zenezuk, Kotun and Sawezak.
M. Pearson prevented a Uke’s
sweep by drawing with Nowa-
kiwsky.

The Reserve Section team 
fared somewhat better during
this time. On November 13th,
Temple University Chess Club
engaged the E S P Reserves.
Temple was handicapped when
two of their players failed to
appear, thus resulting in wins
for R. Thompson, and T. Good-
fellow. Frank Darrah secured
the match for ESP by defeating
A. Rubin. In the other two
games, D. Hendrickson and J.
Darlington beat Mike Quinn
and N. Harman.

On January 7th, the ESP Reserves were able to
climb into Ist place in the league standings by defeat-
ing the Pawn Club in a nerve shattering, ulcer pro-
ducing match. F. Darrah kept his victory intact by
besting W. Lee. Harman was in serious trouble but
managed to defeat J. Faust. Ray Thompson outlasted
R. Blackburne to give ESP a 3—2 win. C. Smith and
W. Bland of the Pawns won from Quinn and Good-
fellow of ESP

Wedged in between the league matches were five
Social Matches. The first was played on November 12,
and found Philadelphia Electric Co.’s Chess team
being beaten as F.. Jackson, and A. Hewitt drew with
A. Mikone and H. Gross. R. Harris and J. Poster de-
feated C. Daley and B. Moses. The second found the
Kutztown State College Team visiting ESP on Nov-
ember 20th. J. Jackson, M. Smith, W. Green and K.
Schulte victimized J. Dom, J. Hanken, R. Banmiller
and R. Jones. J. Mickles of Kutztown beat R. Thomp-
son; T. Goodfellow and R. Schray battled to a draw;
posting a 4 1/2—1 1/2 win for ESP.

Greater Northeast vs. ESP match was played on
November 27th. F. Jackson and R. Thompson turned
in wins for ESP, while: W. Diggs drew with A. Klein.
J. Kirk and G. Johnson of G.N.E. bested M. Epstein
and Vincent Coladonatto. Final score of this match
was: ESP 2 1/2—G.N.E. 2 1/2

On December 12th, the Bill Ray Chess Team visited
the institution and suffered a 5—0 reversal at the
hands of Pearson, Brawner, Paschedag, Thompson
and Williams. Their victims were H. Lyle, D. Hola-
man, E. Gondon, W. Lyle and B. Ray.

December 17th found the Philadelphia Electric
Team returning and suffering a 54—14 defeat as
Norman, Rade, Hewitt, M. Smith and Easley scored
over Milone, Daley, Gross, Dwyer, and Silvey. L.
Robinson salvaged a win for P.H. by beating H. Ric-
cobene and B. Moses drew with K. Schulte.

To round out our Championship Section, or First
Team; we find Martin Pearson as our representative
on Board One. Marty was club Champion of the 1959-
60 season. In addition he has finished first in tourna-
ments eight times, tied for first once; finished second
twice; fourth onee and fifth once. Placed second in
the 1958-59 Club Championship and fifth in the 1960-
61 Championship and holds the highest rating in the
Club.

It was through his un-tiring
efforts that a Chess Club has
been established in the institu-
tion and accepted as a member
of the Philadelphia Chess As-
sociation. Marty is also tourna-
ment director of ESP and an
elected Secretary of Philadel-
phia Chess Association.

By being on Board Number
One he plays the best of the
opposing teams in all Champion-
matches. Some are Chess Mas-
ters; such as Joe Shaffer, Three
times Pennsylvania State Cham-
pion who holds a rating of 2360
points. His games follow.

CHAMPIONSHIP SECTION
FINAL STANDING
PLACE                     W  T  L  Pts.
 1 Germantown "Y"         8  2  0  9
 2 Ukrainian-American     7  2  1  9
 3 Franklin-Mercantile    7  0  3  7
 4 ESP                    6  2  2  7
 5 University Of Penna.   6  0  4  6
 6 Pawn Club              4  1  5  4 1/2
 7 Post No. 396           3  1  6  3 1/2
 8 Marple-Newtown         2  1  6  2 1/2
 9 Greater Northeast      5  1  4  5 1/2
10 Water Department       1  0  9  1
11 Post No. 388           1  0  9  1

SICILIAN DEFENSE
M. Pearson (ESP)       C. MacNamara (U. of P.)
     WHITE                     BLACK
 1. P-K4   P-QB4       14. P-R5     P-QN4
 2. N-KB3  P-Q3        15. PxP      BPxP
 3. P-Q4   PxP         16. B-R6     P-N5
 4. NxP    N-KB3       17. N-Q5!    NxN
 5. N-QB3  P-KN3       18. BxB!     R-B2
 6. P-B3   B-N2        19. RxP!     RxB
 7. B-K3   O-O         20. RxRch    KxR
 8. Q-Q2   N-B3        21. PxN      B-Q2
 9. O-O-O  P-QR3       22. Q-N5!    R-K1
10. P-KN4  Q-B2        23. N-B5ch!  K-B2
11. P-KR4  N-K4        24. R-R1     BxN
12. B-K2   N-B5        25. PxB      R-KN1
13. BxN    QxB         26. R-R7ch   R-N2
           27. QxNPch  Resigns

ENGLISH OPENING
M. Pearson (ESP)       J. Shaffer (Chess Master)
    WHITE                       BLACK
 1. P-QB4    N-KB3      2. P-KN3    P-KN3
 3. B-N2     B-N2      26. R-QN1    N-Q2
 4. N-QB3    O-O       27. Q-B2     N-B4
 5. P-K4     P-Q3      28. B-Q1     NxQ
 6. KN-K2    P-B4      29. QxQ      B-B3
 7. O-O      N-B3      30. B-K1     K-N2
 8. P-Q3     N-Q2      31. B-B2     BxN
 9. B-N5     P-KR3     32. N-N5     B-Q2
10. B-K3     P-R3      33. BxN      R-N2
11. Q-Q2     K-R2      34. B-B2     R-R1
12. P-B4     R-QN1     35. B-Q2     P-KN4
13. P-QR4    N-N5      36. KR-QB1   R-R7
14. P-R3     P-K4      37. P-N3     B-R5
15. P-B5     N-KB3     38. K-B2     RxP?
16. P-N4     R-KR1     39. BxR      RxBch
17. B-B3     N-B3      40. K-K1     RxP
18. K-N2     Q-N3      41. BxB      RxP
19. R-R1     N-Q5      42. R-N7     B-Q1
20. QR-KB1   K-N1      43. B-K8     B-R4ch
21. B-B2     P-N4      44. K-B2     B-Q7
22. RPxP     PxP       45. RxPch    K-N1
23. NxN      BPxN      46. R-QN1    B-B5
24. NxP      B-R3      47. R-QB7    P-Q6
25. N-R3     Q-N3      48. B-7ch    Resigns

WHITE BLACK
