---
id: "680"
title: "Annual Sportsmen's Banquet"
author: "Welty, John J. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0035.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Annual Sportsmen’s Banquet

by
John J. Welty

The 1961 Sportsmen’s Banquet proved to be even more of a
success than last years as several new touches were added. The
dinner preceding the speeches was a pronounced success with
full attendance to do justice to the steak, french-fries, and apple
pie.

After the dinner there was a round of speeches by several
prominent Philadelphians. Pete Byron, popular sportscaster,
was Master of Ceremonies, and the audience welcomed his warm
humor. The first speaker introduced by Pete was Mr. Ed McGinn,
a well known figure inside and out of the squared circle.

In his address he related several anecdotes of boys he had
known to go from the amateur ranks into championship conten-
tion among the pro’s. He explained how boxing had given these
boys a new lease on life, taking them from a poor environment
and showing them a path to a better role as good citizens. In
concluding his address, Mr. McGinn demonstrated his knowledge
of the fight game by telling of a young amateur to watch in the
upcoming A.A.U. matches for regional championships. His good
judgment was attested to when the youth won the crown with a
first round K.O. over his opponent a few weeks later.

Following Mr. McGinn was a speaker who had been present
at last year’s banquet, Mr. Joe Sweeny, President of the Veteran
Boxers Association. Well received by the inmate audience, Mr.
Sweeny’s remembrance of events that occurred during his days
in the ring wars had his listeners laughing until tears came from
their eyes. But it was his closing remarks that made him more
friends than any other speaker to address an inmate body. Mr.
Sweeny is no respecter of social taboos and in plain language
made it known that a man’s past was just that; past, as far as
he was concerned. His own sincerity, humility and faith in his
fellow man spoke more eloquently than the voices of Darrow and
Bryant on their finest days.

One of the men Mr. McGinn had mentioned in his address was
our next guest, Gil Turner. No stranger to followers of Fistiana,
Gil has always remained a favorite among Philadelphia fans.
During his career he had fought five world champions and always
made a good showing. For some time he was the leading challen-
ger in the welterweight ranks and had good success when he
moved into the middleweight class. Gil banished all thought of
the ex-fighter as punch-drunk and inarticulate when he started
speaking. His timing and humor, while seemingly spontaneous,
had the fluidity of a professional speaker. He displayed no
hesitation in lecturing his audience on the follies of repeating
criminal acts and such frankness, unusual in the average speaker
at a pen, was given much thought by the inmates. The best ex-
ample he could give was his own case, for Gil had been an in-
mate at a reformatory but upon his release had made for himself
a new way of life.

After the addresses were concluded, trophies and awards were
given to the winners of last years sporting events. Superinten-
dent Banmiller and Mr. Thompson, Athletic Director, handled
the presentations with befitting dignity.

The Eastern League Football Championship trophy was pre-
sented to Norman Pearson, owner, and Dave Croxton, Manager,
of the Panthers. Undefeated for the season the Panthers were a
well coached team, using mobility to substitute for a weight dis-
advantage. Croxton credits the teams victories to their spirit and
cooperation, particularly in the huddles where they were atten-
tive.

MEMBERS OF THE PANTHERS:

Q.B. Dave Croxton         R.E. Donny Weiss
H.B. Billy Holley              L.E. Jim Mistek
H.B. Nick Mickens          R.E. Blackie Battle
H.B. Eddy Dennis           L.E. Norman Pearson
A.B. Socrates Cantoral      C. Junior Creditt
E.B. Alvin Young             L.G. Bernard Alexander
B.B. Jake Welty              R.G. Richard Tate
R.T. Midge                      L.T. John Pisieczo

The 1960 Cuban Softball League Championship trophy was
awarded to Nick Harper and Williams Diggs, owners and man-
ager of the Giants. Diggs replaced Tucker this year. Winning
most of their games by low scores, the Giants upset the favored
Dodgers with their hit and run tactics, in a race right down to
the wire.

MEMBERS OF THE GIANTS:
Dave Croxton, Captain 2b.
Charley White 1b.
Junior Creditt c.
Clinton Holland sc
William Samson cf.
Thomas Connors rf.
Francis Murphy u.

Eddy Whelan sf.
Salty Powell u.
Jacob Buck 3b.
Henry Easley u.
Karl Thornton lf.
Willie "No No" Smith p.
George O’Brien u.

Blackie Battle, Manager, and Alvin Young, Captain accepted
the trophy emblematic of the Eastern Basketball League Cham-
pionship.

MEMBERS OF THE CHAMPIONSHIP SPARTANS:

Blackie Battle, Manager           Alvin Young, Capt.
Ed Bogardus                            Jim Mistek
Billy Carter                               Jack Haas
John O’Brien                           Midge

In singular awards, George Heyman, owner and manager of
the Cardinal Softball team presented two trophies. One was
given to Billy Holley in recognition of his abilities as the teams
most valuable player, an honor he richly deserved. The other
was awarded to Big Mack Averrette for his fearsome power at
the plate where he led the league in home-runs. An award was
also given to umpire-in-chief Haywood for his integrity and de-
votion to a job that has few thanks to go with it. Mr. Graham,
former Athletic Director was also the recipient of an award
attesting to the many hours he put into forming the institutional
sports program.

The One Block Basketball Association awards were presented
by league president, Robert F. Cullen and were completely un-
expected. An individual trophy was given to each member of
Irish’s Midgets, 1960-61 champions.

MEMBERS OF THE MIDGETS:

Bob Cullen
Jimmy Daye
Junius Palo

Bob Gerlack, Co-Capt.
Art Pfrommer Co-Capt.
Frank Smith

Cullen then awarded the All-Star team trophies to the fol-
lowing men:

Raymond Stracchioni
Bob Medina

Art Pfrommer
Charles C. Clark

Harry Zeitz

To conclude the ceremonies, Cullen then gave two plaques to
Henry Saby and Alvin Young for their activities on behalf of
the Eastern Echo. Noting that a sports program depended on
good coverage in the ‘‘local’’ papers, he commended Saby and
Young for their efforts to see that every sport, no matter how
few the participants, was covered by the Echo. He also men-
tioned that in the interest of furthering their journalistic activi-
ties these two men had forsaken night T.V. to attend classes in
English. Both men are deserving of the praise given them.

Several movies were scheduled to be shown after the festivities
but were postponed because of the time factor. Despite this,
those present agreed that it was one of the brighter moments in
the sports program and gave every indication that new interest
in sports was being aroused.
