---
id: "681"
title: "Storehouse League"
author: "SABY, Henry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Storehouse League

by Henry Saby

Dominated by the Lynx for the past several seasons, the Store-
house League is looking forward to a real dogfight for top
honors this year. Owner George Sanders predicts his ‘‘Car-
dinals’’ will be home free when the season is finally over, but
Harry Taylor figures his ‘‘ Rangers’? will have a lot to say about
that. Two new team owners, John ‘‘Gunsmcke’’ Pisieczko
and David L. Valimont aren’t saying much, but each wear
a confident smile. With so many untried players on hand,
this reported will shy away from making predictions and just
give a brief glance ae each teams strength and weaknesses, i
alphabetical order.

THE CARDINALS—George Sanders, Owner
                                 George Miketish, Manager
                                 Barney Wagner, Captain

Only four men seem to be sure of starting berths on the Card-
inals, which means that Little Miketish is planning to keep
moving his players around until he finds the right man for each
position. Big Shakey Young definitely nailed down the second
base sack, while Haymen seems secure behind the plate. Peewee
has been elected to play the hot ‘‘shot’’ corner and an old pro,
Big Mack Averrette, will probably alternate between first and
third, depending where he is needed the most.

Miketish, a thirty game winner last year, will handle the
pitching chores with Johnny Downs coming from the bullpen
when needed. Dupree, LaRue and Billy Holley will give the
Cards the best hit and run combo in the league. Nick, Bob Smith,
Don Allen, Raymond Hooks, and Frank Wysock are all figuring
on being in the starting lineup on opening day, so no one’s job
is actually sewed up. The only apparent weakness that the
Cards may have is that of having to bench so many good players,
but Mac, Barney, and George should have enough experience to
soothe any hurt feelings.

THE COLTS—John (Gunsmoke) Pisieczko, Owner
                           Herb Elbot, Manager
                        Wiliam Harvey, Captain

A lightweight team at the plate, the Colts are locking toward
hustle on the field to win games. Manager Elliot is hoping
that his starting pitchers, Jose Walls and Tennessee Mahaffey
will be the impetus that pushes his team to the top. Behind the
pate, team captain Bill Harvey will have his hands full as both
hurlers throw nothing but fireballs. An air-tight infield will
feature Rabbi at first base, Bob Yurkin at second and Jim
Fisher at third. Elliot will play short-stop and manage from
the field, a tough job to handle. The outfield will see a couple
of new men as George ‘‘ Dynamite’? McFeat and Stanley Gold-
stein take to Easterns baseball diamonds for the first time.
McFeat makes no secret of the fact that he will be shooting
for Rookie of the Year Honors and he has potential to be top
contender for that crown. Jimmy Agnew will play left field
while Gunsmoke and Rags Beiland will keep their explosive
bats handy for pinch-hitting roles. In the bullpen, Johnny
Sparango and George P. Davis are two valuable firemen when
it comes time to put out a hot enemy rally.

THE PHILLIES—David L. Valimont, Owner
                            George Futch, Manager

Owner Valimont has signed up a record crop of rookies and
has a number of veterans on hand for the Phillies’ opening day
game. The question is, will he be able to salvage ten starters
from these players the other teams overlooked. The clubs
strength and weaknesses are both located on the mound where
John ‘‘Lucky’’ DeFelica is the only experienced man. In con-
trast to this situation is the problem of too many players on
second base. Chici, Bob MceGrogan and Elmer Register all lay
claim to the job. Don Ferguson appears to have the starting
berth at first but two men, Marlin Goldsmith and Barney Kelly
are seeking to play third. An old-timer, Champ, has volunteered
for the ‘‘suicide’’ corner but again there will be a struggle as
three players, Bob Pennel, Whit Rosenzweig, and Billy Archy
all seek honors at short stop. In the outfield, Futch will start
Harry Schwediz in center, and alternate Paul Rhine and John
McCandlezs with Bill Gardner and Tennessee Matthews in the
other two positions. Behind the plate, John Kennedy and Herb
Ellsworth will share catching duties. In the bullpen a lot of
games will ride on Frank Sisaks, ability to relieve when needed.

THE RANGERS—Harry Taylor, Owner
                              William Williams, Manager

Out to give the other teams a hard time, Taylor has signed up
several men who have a heavy stick at the plate. Elijah Shepard,
Prank ‘Rico’ Darrah and Lucky Jackson will be the mainstay of
will the team in both batting and fielding. With talent like
Joseph MecEroy, Ted Higgins, and Martin Harris to work in the
infield, Taylors cnly worry will be the cow pastures. Wesly
Jacksen, James Moss, and Dennis Short may be the trio to
remedy that ill. Presiding for infield positions, John Agnew
Elmer Mickens, Clarence Adams, and Bob Smith will have
plenty of opportunities to show there wares as spring training
will start a few weeks earlier than usual. Cleve Brown is the
only pitcher on the Ranger’s roster, so this may be the teams
weak point unless they can work the schedule to allow Cleve a
little rest between games. Charles Johnson and Roy Hairston
will stand by for utility purposes and are expected to provide
a lot of help in pinch-hitting situations.
