---
id: "682"
title: "Cuban Softball League"
author: "Young, Alvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0036.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Cuban Softball League

by 
Alvin Young

With all players declared free agents at the end of the last
season there was a wild scramble to sign up the stars and a lot
of hard working utility men were totally ignored. This may
prove disasterous to some of the teams as to many individual
stars can sometimes hurt a teams chances if they become tem-
peramental. However, all indications point to a tough season
and a possible race down to the wire.

The managers themselves have little hesitation when it comes
to picking the winner of the league crown. Francis Murphy as-
sures everyone that his Detroit Tigers will roar their way to the
top, while Johnny Robinson refuses to believe that anyone will
beat his Faleons, last year’s champs are conceding nothing and
Manager Dave Croxton has reserved room for another trophy
in his cell.

Looking over the teams we have to start with the best of last
years four, Dave Croxton’s Giants.

THE GIANTS—Dave Croxton, Owner

The power behind this team is located on the pitching found
where Dave ‘Tron-Man’ Wilder is still terrorizing batters with
his bullet like whip pitch. Backing up Dave, Earl Brown has
speed and a change of pace to confuse and befuddle opposition
hitters. First base will see Charley Whiting a good defensive
player while C. Holland has taken command of the second sack.
A perennial favorite of the crowd, Jake Buck is back at third
and Croxton himself will round out the infield by playing short-
stop. H. Powe’l will be on hand to take over at either second or
short if needed. In the outfield swiftness of foot is the keynote
with William Samgon in center, T. White in right field and C.
Thornton playing the left field line. Junior Creditt will call the
signals from behind the plate, while Eddy Whelan will roam in
short field.

THE DETROIT TIGERS—Francis McLaughlin, Owner
Francis Murphy, Manager

Lured from retirement to manage, Murphy has decided to go
all out and will start the season in right field. With Murph’ its
either a home run or nothing so opposing pitchers take notice.
Franny McLaughlin will hold down the initial sack despite the
handicap of a bad arm. At shortstop, Freddy Adams was called
up from the Storehouse League where he proved to be one of the
best defensive men in the jail. William Perry is capable of
matching anyone in the league in the third baseman’s position
and Chuck will give even more speed to the infield at second.
Center field duties will be handled by Willie Fagan with John
Alexander hauling down anything that flies over in left. Behind
the plate Donald McGinley is big enough to be his own backstop.
Possible weak points for this team is on the pitching mound
where Joe Massanova will have to handle the job by himself.
Additional fielding strength is present in Bob Gerlack who is
able to play either shortstop or second with equal ease.

THE FALCONS—Joseph MeNair, Owner
John Robinson, Manager

The Falcons are seeking quality instead of quantity this sea-
son, and owner G.I. Joe has signed up only a minimum of
players. Leading the team will be Willie ‘‘No No’’ Smith, ace
pitcher for a number of years, and the big gun on last years
champions. His battery mate will be another familiar figure,
Sonny Mays, who has a rifle arm and should lead the league in
the homerun derby. At first base will be Willie Green or Jimmy
Fisher. Fisher has more power at the plate but Green is faster
on the basepaths. Second base will be held down by a rookie,
Art Pfrommer who has exhibited a lot of potential in spring
training. At third base, Billy Hollowell, is the teams sparkplug
and one of the leagues better hitters in the leadoff spot. Rufus
Hawkins will complete the infield at shortstop. The outfield
should be defensively sound with Manager Robinson in right,
Charles C. Clark playing left, and Danny Gundaker covering
center. Harry Zeitz will start in short field. Essentially a de-
fensive club the Falcons have only four or five consistent hitters,
but still have to be recognized as a challenger. Jesse J. Young
will coach at first base.

THE BRAVES—Ernest Robinson, Owner-Manager

The roster turned in by the Braves was late and no player
positions were listed so we’ll have to go by past performances
in determining what men will play where.

The infield will probably see Norman Pearson at second where
he can have the opportunity to steady the team. Rob Watson has
tried several positions in the past and from our observation
seems to handle first base completely. In right field, Herb Easly
can show some improvement as a player but for team spirit and
hustle he is in a class of his own. Thomas McAndrew can handle
the shortstop spot while Norman Harmon is better than average
at third. Bob Johnson is a capable catcher while on the mound
Julius White has enough on the ball if he can cure his wildness.
In the outfield James Bay, Charles Harris, Thomas Davis and
Laun Llands have defensive abilities but are unknown quantities
at the plate. Bill Havey should have the short field job sewed
up but Melvin McFalls is also looking to play that spot. Joe
Oledki, Frank McLaughlin and Ernest Taylor are all showing
improvement and may nudge some of the regulars out of a job.
The teams weakness is definitely on the mound, but the winning
spirit is present and that may offset any flaws.
