---
id: "684"
title: "One Block Basketball Assn."
author: "Young, Alvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0038.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
One Block Basketball Assn.

by 
Alvin Young

The O.B.B.A. celebrated its third anniversary with a Foun-
ders Day program that featured an All-Star game between
the home court stars and an Eastern League Top Ten.

On hand for the Gala event were a number of staff mem-
bers including, Superintendent Banmiller, Dr. Morello, Mr.
McBride and several others.

In a brief, but poigniant ceremony, Mr. Banmiller present-
ed a plaque to Robert ‘‘Irish’’ Cullen for his efforts in or-
ganizing and making a success of the little League. Dona-
tions for the plaque were by popular subscription among the
leagues players and since the amount collected exceeded the
cost of the trophy an additional gift of a years subscription
to True magazine was also presented Cullen.

A trophy was to have been given David Brinkly for his
co-operation in handling the leagues statistical records but
an engravers mistake delayed the arrival of the award until
the day after the program.

The Midgets — Bob Cullen, Manager

Winners of the 1960-’61 winter season championship,
Cullen’s Midgets were starting the spring season with a rush,
winning their first two games, when three key players were
lost to the Hastern League draft. Jack Haas, Preacher, and
Nick Cardone were the men sent to the majors.

Left to handle the backboard were two of the leagues most
aggressive rebounders, Willie Green and Eddy Brewer, who
dominate both offensive and defensive boards. The pivot is
the Midgets weak point and all hopes focus on Ed ‘‘Man
Mountain’’ Spence. If this giant can pick up some of the
games finer points the Midgets could go all the way.

Handling the backcourt are two little men, Joe Russo and
Charley Whiting. Whiting has a good outside set shot while

Russo is the driving type guard that every team needs.
Irish can alternate with either man but has a tendency to
get fancy at times. A newcomer to the squad, David
‘‘Pinky’’ Andrews adds to the team’s board strength and may
provide the championship spark. Marlin Goldsmith, the only
experienced big man on the team is handicapped by his
institutional job which leaves only his weekends free.
Johnny Robinson, a forward and Hercules Butler, also suffer
from occupational absences. A new comer, Bill Mitchell should
help the offensive effort. Team’s weakness, lack of height.

The Panthers —C. C. Clark, Manager

Leading the league, C.C.’s fast breaking guards are running
the other teams into the ground, despite their small size. The
flying guards, Nick Mickens and Bill Sansom average halt
the teams points between themselves. Playing the pivot, Dave
Gibbs is a cinch to make the All-Star team if he can keep his
temper. Under the boards, two little men, both under 5’107’’,
Jimmy Daye and Juice Wilson have a lot of experience to make
up for their lack of height. Alternating with Gibbs in the post
is George McFeat who showed a lot of promise when he joined
the league in the late stages of the winter season and is steadily
improving. Frank Smith has not seen much action but is capable
of fine defensive play when he is called upon. Key man on the
team is C.C., himself, who has a variety of shots, ranging from
twenty foot jumpers to hard driving layups. As C.C. goes so
does his team.

The Tigers — David Almedia, Manager

The biggest team in the league, the Tigers have Art Pfrom-
mer, last years MVP at center, Jim ‘‘Flip’’ Fleming at forward
and Bob Johnson also up front. All three are consistent
scorers and each capable of breaking a game wide open. In
the backeourt, Willie ‘‘Lump Lump’’ Winters takes the pres-
sure off the big men with a devastating set shot, while his
partner at the guard spots, ‘*Bo’’ Breaker has very quick
hands and whips the ball around as he quarterbacks the
plays. A newcomer to the league, Jimmy ‘‘Red’’ Ryder is
rumored to have a better than average jump shot and may
take rookie-of-the-year honors. Alternating at the forward
spot is another big man, Whitney Rosenzweig, who has lots
of weight to throw around under those boards. Ol’ Swifty,
a tricky guard has the ability to get the most out of his
team and should have his players shooting for top honors.

The Warriors — Harry Zeitz, Manager

With three of last years all-stars heading the list of players
for the Warriors, they should be in top contention. At Center
will be Big Bob Medina, while under the boards John Baucco
and Cable should provide plenty of strength. Shooting from
the outside will be one of the leagues better scorers, Bob
Gerlack. A new star on the horizon will be Sam Brown who
can outjump anyone in the league and has a soft hook shot.
Handling the ball with Gerlark will be Lou Straccioni, a
regular fireball in the backcourt. Zeitz will see plenty of
action himself with so small a squad.
