---
id: "685"
title: "Initial Ventures into the World of Rhyme"
author: "Brazell, Bill"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "1"
_page: "37"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1961_body0039.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
Initial Ventures
into the 
World of Rhyme

Jack Dempsey
Manassa Mauler

by Bill Brazell

From out of the west, drifted one of the best,
Jack Dempsey, Manassa Mauler,
Riding freight trains, not knowing waere to go,
t'was the life that turned Jack to Hobo
Fighting his way from town to town,
Savage look, with scowl and frown.
The cry of the fans and yell from some,
“Where did this character come from?
Brought to Crum Lymn,
Baron Doughertys, training camp “for him.”
Tex Richards guess, was the best in memory,
He would be the greatest drawing card of the century.
Speed and punch, terrific power.
Making name and fame, man of the hour.
Train to perfection, along with skill.
Courageous was he, and out for the kill.
From Butte, Montana to Toledo, Ohio,
History repeats, like David and Goliath.
Newpapers flash, sensational lines,
The giant Willard dropped, seven times.
High lights of history as shown on the screen,
t'was July the fourth, back in nineteen nineteen,
in the roaring twenties, who can forget,
The idol of millions, lives hearty respect.
To those that don’t know, and have never seen,
His liberal donations to those that in need come to him.
Jack Dempsey, U.S. most popular champion.

“WISE-UP”
By Stanley Goldstein

SURE ITS A ROOSY PATH THE GOOD LORD SENDS YOUR WAY. .
HE WANTS TO SEE IF YOU CAN CLIMB, OR IF YOU WANT TO
PLAY... THEY SAY THAT LIFES A BOWL OF CHERRIES. BUT
AMONG THAT FRUIT THERE'S PLENTY WORRIES... BELIEVE
IN WHAT I SAY...I'VE DONE MY SHARE OF DRINKIN,
LEFT THE BAR ROOM BLINKIN, LIGHTS FLASHIN, LIKE
BROADWAY...WITH ALL THE DOUGH I'VE BLOWN,

MY BANK-ROLL COULD HAVE GROWN... INSTEAD OF BEING
BROKE EACH DAY. SO LISTEN TO ME BROTHER, YOU TOO
FATHER, SISTER, MOTHE... THERE'S MORE TO LIFE THAN
DRINKING, TO LEAVE A TAP ROOM STINKIN’... BELIEVE IN
WHAT I SAY. LIFT YOUR HEAD UP HIGH, POINT YOUR EYES
TOWARD THE SKY, MAKE A PROMISE GOOD AND TRUE THAT
THE “ALKY" LIFE IS THROUGH...AND IT NEVER HURTS TO
PRAY, LET THEM CALL YOU “SQUARE”. YOU'LL HAVE
GUTS TO GET SOMEWHERE...CHANCE OF HEAVEN, NOT OF
HELL....FISHIN ROD AND PLEASANT DAYS, WHEN YOU QUIT
THE WHISKEY WAYS... BELIEVE IN WHAT I SAY. ALL TRUE
DOUGH YOU SAVE ON BOOZE, WILL PAY THE CAR AND BUY
THE SHOES....GET THE STEAKS AND APPLE-PIE, BUILD A 
BANKROLL BYE AND BYE, LOCK DECENT FOLKS IN THE
EYE....BELIEVE IN WHAT I SAY. NO MORE ROBBIN AND
A STEALIN' JUST TO GET THAT WHISKEY FEELIN'... HAND-
SHAKES BY THE DOZENS FROM FAMILY, FRIENDS, COUSINS,
PROUD OF YOU IN EVERYWAY. SWEET SMELLIN' GIRLS, PRET-
TIER THAN PRECIOUS PEARLS... WILL SAY "HELLO" EACH
DAY, NO MORE "GIN MILL" FLOOZIE TO TAKE YOUR DOUGH
WHEN YOUR WOOZIE ... A CLEAN AND DECENT LIFE FREE
FROM WORRIMENT AND STRIFE, BELEIVE IN WHAT I SAY
SURE IT'S A ROCKY ROAD THE GOOD LORD SENDS YOUR 
WAY... HE WANTS TO SEE IF YOU CAN CLIMB, OR IF YOU
WANT TO PLAY.

Reflectus
By Samuel L. McKelyn

The eyes hold visual reflections of the soul,
The soul builds of mental directions to each goal,
E’er to each soul; holds but whats been taught, to whats been tho’t,
The mind and soul; holds but whats been taught, to whats been tho’t,
And thus but stands erected to each of mind to soul, what,
E’er has been wrought,
Ah but of eacn soul, from mind to soul, was each that tho’t,
And thus each bulds to mind to soul, but what each,
Tho't of each has brought.

HERITAGEOUS

We true Americans whom vie to live and grow,
Well with the best of lessons e’er we sow,
And thus must we but teach as all should show,
The ways of but our American ways we know,
And thus must we be as Reeds of Grass that winds upon does blow.
But lo, and ah, the Reed indeed does rocketh to and fro,
And thru our ills and hardships, must we but truely go on, so,
And Righteousness and Justices Rivers but ever flow,
And knowledge and humans worth in true deep do keep,
Americans from woe.

Coming in the next issue !!
A Compleat View of Prison Labor
