---
id: "689"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Vol. 6   No. 2
Eastern Echo
A MEMBER OF THE PENAL PRESS

EDITORIAL STAFF

ROBERT F. CULLEN, Editor 
THOMAS WILLIAMS, Feature Editor
RAYMOND THOMPSON, Circulation Mgr. 
JOHN J. WELTY, Sports Editor
WALTER STEPPER, Photographer 
DANIEL GUNDAKER, Copyreader
WILLIAM K. HOLLAWELL, ROBERT A. STOCKER, Staff Writers

MECHANICAL STAFF
WILLIAM DALY, Linotype 
FELIX CAPONE, Pressman
THOMAS FLANNERY, Linotype 
MICHAEL HUDAK, Pressman
ANTHONY ROMANO, Pressman

SPECIAL FEATURE SECTION

Editorial                                       Robert F. Cullen   2
From The Superintendents Desk           William Banmiller, Supt.   3
A Compleat View of Prison Labour                Robert F. Cullen   4
The Six Systems of Penal Labor                 Negley K. Teeters   8
Keep Your Convicts                                                12
He Finds Jobs for Ex-Cons                         Mort Weisinger  14
How Far Have We Gone?                            Thomas Williams  16
A Short Survey of Penal Labor Conditions    William K. Hollawell  21
The Structure of Success                        Robert A. Stocker 22

REGULAR FEATURE SECTION
Profile                                          Thomas Williams  24
From Our Chaplains                                                25
Eastern Chess Review                             Thomas Williams  26
The Sport Desk                                John J. Welty, Ed.
                                               Alvin Young,Assc.
            Sports Editorial                                      27
            Around The Yard or Who's Who In Sports                28
            Fourth of July Field Events                           30
            Cuban Softball League                                 31
            Eastern Basketball League                             33
            Outside Basketball Games                              34
            Pigskin Preview                                       36

ADMINISTRATION
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
Davin L. LAWRENCE, Governor 

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
ANNE X. ALPERN, Attorney General

BUREAU OF CORRECTION
ARTHUR T. PRASSE, Comaissioner 
Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Commissioner

STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PHILADELPHIA
William J. BANMILLER, Superintendent
ALFRED FRENCH, Jr., General Supervisor 
Thomas H. Graham, Director of Treatment

The EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the State Correctional Institu-
tion at Philadelphia. Its editors or the institution itself cannot be held responsible for pla-
giarism, The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.
