---
id: "691"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Superintendent's Desk

Prison labor is a subject on which much has been written in the past and
much will, no doubt, be written in the future. Many studies have been made
and commission reports filed since the turn of the century and particularly since
1913 when “‘Separate and Solitary’’ confinement was abandoned. This was
about the first attempt after 1829 to improve the prison labor situation. BUT in
1915 according to reports, Pennsylvania had more idle prisoners than any other
state in the Union. However, since that time there have been many improve-
ments and it would seem that the present.‘‘State Use System’’ has been devel-
oped very well and will continue to be improved. As we all know the market
for prison made goods is limited to Departments, Institutions and Agencies
supported in whole or in part by tax money.

It should be remembered that there are Federal Laws which affeet prison
labor; such as, Hawes-Cooper Act and also the Walsh-Healy Act. There has
been progress in Pennsylvania to make prison labor effective and financially
sound. It is basic in the prison labor set-up to employ as large a percentage of
inmates as possible since an important factor, where the emphasis is to eventu-
ally get on a money making basis, is to become self supporting. If the industries
are self sustaining, the public will most likely be satisfied and they will en-
courage further development in prison labor and also in expansion of the voea-
tional features. It has been authoritatively said that prison labor uses only
a fraction of the industries available in free society. It is interesting to note
that in 1916 Mr. Samuel Gompers stated the official position of organized labor
and this is quoted below: | pom

“The American Federation of Labor favors employment of convict labor
by the State for the State. The product of such work not to come in competition
with free labor and not to be sold for private or commercial use but to be used
only for State agencies or institutions—What the organized labor movement
has concerned itself with has been the nature of the work done by convicts and
safeguards to prevent the products of their labor from coming in competition
with the products of free labor and in that way undermining the standards and
conditions of work which the free workers have established for themselves. This
position of the American Federation of Labor has been repeatedly indorsed.’’

No matter what is written, it must, be remembered that inmates must learn
to work and not merely make motions,at work. Employers in civilian life will
expect this. Many of our men know what work is—many do not! It would be
well to remember that to take advantage of the work program will be most help-
ful when released into free society.

William J. Banmiller
