---
id: "692"
title: "A Compleat View of Prison Labour"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Compleat View of Prison Labour

EXORDIUM

by Robert F. Gullen

And it happened that one of them committed an act that was not
pleasing and offended the others, so they took him and put him in
chains into a place that they would call Gaol. Then they gave another
the key to the lock and he was made a Gaoler. And as More ate of the
fruit, Some found it bitter and also committed offense, for which they
were put in with him. Then it occurred that the Gaoler looking in
among them discovered that they were as a giant, for they taxed the
supplies that were to be used in their keep, even to exhaustion. The
Gaoler, being troubled by these happenings went to a Sage and spoke,
asking what he was to do, and the Sage answered, saying, “Take you
this Giant into the fields that he may till the earth and do the labour of
a hundredfold, that he may provide himself with substance.”

And the Goaler did as he said, and for a time all was well. But
one day the Goaler found that the Giant was too big and did the work
in the fields so quickly that there was not enough to keep him busy.
Again he went to the Sage and asked what he was to do, and the Sage
answered, saying, “Give to him labour in his shelter that he might
make use of his new strength and the monies for his labours shall be
spent in his support and against that time when he shall be released
and have need for help.”

And again the Goaler did as the Sage had said and for a time
there was content.

But it happened that in the city there was a man who had heard
of the Giant and the wonders of the labour that he could perform and
he found that his greed would let him think of nothing else. So it hap-
pened that he went to the Goaler and drawing him aside said, “Let this
Giant but work awhile in the making of the goods that I sell and I shall
give to you monies that will both support him and still be enough left
that you shall be able to provide for your time when you shall be no
fonger able to work.’’ And the Goaler agreed and put the Giant to
making of goods for the merchant. But other merchants wondered at
the source of their brothers goods, for they could not keep abreast of
the pace with which he was making them, nor could they afford to bar-
ter their own goods at the low prices he did. The workers also mur-
mured, for they found their wages were small and could not provide
for their wants. And it happened that one of them found that the
Giant was making the goods for the first merchant and this enraged
them. So they went in a body to the governor and made known their
grievance and he took counsel with them and they made law that
henceforth the Giant should not do labour that would interfere with
that of the free men.

So they took and put him in his chains and he lay fallow and his
spirit was twisted by the idleness that lay on his hands, so that each
time he was released he gave vent to his anger and committed acts
that were offensive.

On the 7th of October, 1571, two great fleets met in
a struggle that was to go down in history as the last
erusade, the Battle of Lepanto. The Christian fieet,
under the indirect command of Pope Pius V, was
composed of two hundred galleys and eight galle-
asses, while the Turkish forces, with Ali Pasha as
admiral, numbered two hundred and seventy-three
galleys. In one of the bloodiest engagements on rec-
ord, the Christian forces smashed the Turks and put
a Stop to their transgressions in the Eastern Mediter-
ranean. Garlands were heaped on the brows of Don
John of Austria, Barbargio of Veniec, Gianandrea
Doria of Genoa, Sir Richard Grenville, and Cervantes
for their part in the campaign, but not one rose was
given the criminals of a dozen countries who saved
the Christian world. These nameless ones manned the
oars of the ships that carried the Europeans to viec-
tory. A conservative estimate of the number of con-
victs pulling the sweeps for the winning side would
range in the neighborhood of nine thousand, while
the Turkish oarsmen—obviously an inferior grade of
eriminal—numbered eleven thousand men.

For centuries the Greeks and Romans had used
slaves and prisoners-of-war to work their galley oars,
but as the slaves of the Mediterranean countries were
liberated they were replaced by convicts, this prac-
tice spread throughout the continent and one of the
most horrible forms of prison labor came into exist-
enee. A vivid description of galley life was given by
John Marteilhes in his book Memoirs of a Protestant:
“The prisoners reached the sea-port on foot, travers-
ing a large part of France in scanty clothing and
chained by the neck in large gangs. Once drafted on
board ship, and posted to his bench, he remained
there always, unless taken to the hospital or the
erave. Six slaves, chained to the same bench tugged
at each oar, which was some fifty feet in length; they
were compelled to keep time with the others before
or behind, or they would have been knocked senseless
by the return stroke. They rowed naked to the waist,
partly to save clothing, still more to offer their backs
to the thongs of the quartermaster, who flogged free-
ly, and backed up every order with each stroke. In
all naval engagements of those days, the oars were
shot at first, hence the galley slaves suffered first and
most, and were often decimated while the garrison
and crew escaped untouched.”

After the battle of Lepanto, the use of galleys de-
clined and finally gave way to the use of the fleeter
sailing ship. At the same time the medieval period
was ending and the modern period was beginning.
This shift in eras was accompanied by an increase in
the criminal faction. Despite a flexible death penalty
that terminated many a career, there was still a sur-
plus of criminals, few places to confine them, and
even worse—in the eyes of the warders—no labor to
keep them busy. By the way, when we speak of erim-
inals in this era we are using the term broadly. The
type that we now regard as a vagrant, or beggar, was
the major criminal class of the medieval era. Those
who were apprehended during the commission of a
crime did not have to worry about serving sentences
because they were usually put to death.

To continue, in 1597, England passed a law that
allowed convicts to be deported to labor in North
America. Portugal had instituted a similar system
over a century before, sending criminals to the Cape
Verdes Islands, Angola Brazil, where they worked,
more or less on fortifications. Spain also tried this
practice and as early as 1497 Ferdinand and Isabella
decreed that certain types of criminals be deported to
the mimes in Hispaniola. Holland, in turn, deported
their felons to labor in the Dutch Kast Indies; the
convicts of Denmark found Greenland their work-
shop, and Italy turned the felon into a farmer on the
agricultural islands off its coast. Not one of these
countries had any luck in their transportation enter-
prises and all gave the practice up.

Meanwhile, back in England, where the shipping of
convicts to the colonies was becoming an economic
venture, besides solving the problem of criminal over-
flow. The masters of the vessels that transported the
felons was empowered to sell them as labor on the
hoof to the colonists and the money was channeled
back to the British treasury. The fact that this made
virtual slaves of the convicts did not trouble the
erown in the least.

When the revolutionary war released America
from the English yoke, the British found themselves
overstocked with this low-priced labor device and
ended up shipping them to Australia. Since there
were no settlers on the Continent of Australia, the
convicted men were allowed to labor for themselves.
At first there was complete chaos but eventually the
more levelheaded inmates got the upperhand and the
venture started to work. Though Kngland discon-
tinued the Transportation system for supposedly eco-
nomic reasons, it would appear that men such as
Archbishop Richard Whately had more than a little
to do with its abolishment. Whately protested that
the criminal, by his toil, was afforded the chanee to
become self-supporting and self-respecting.

In the 18th century, France came up with its own
inimitable ideas on transportation when she began
shipping men to the penal colony of French Guiana,
a charming island paradise that was joshingely tagged
Devils Island by the residents. The work in this col-
ony was usually confined to the repairing and build-
ine of roads that went nowhere and felling timber.
Rene Belbenoit paints an idylie scene of these labors
in his novel, Dry Guillotine.

“One has to see these ragged creatures trooping
off into the jungle, their fect bare, carrying their axes
awkwardly, (many of the prisoners are from the
cities in France and have never had an axe in their
hands before) with just a half-pint of black coffee in
their stomachs, to realize the depths of despair to
which they have sunk. Drenched in perspiration,
striking with all their might at trees which are often
so hard they turn the edges of the axe, they sob and
swear; they know nothing of jungle timber, and will
try valiantly to cut down a tree which steel will bare-
ly bite into. One should see them at noon, working
continuously in the hot sun or in the close mushy
dampness under the shadows of the great trees, with
sweat streaming from every pore, and mosquitoes
biting every inch of exposed flesh; working frantic-
ally to have their tasks finished so as to get something
to eat. And when they have returned to camp all
wet, there are no clothes to change into for they have
none; they have either bartered them away for ne-
cessities or someone has stolen them before they came
into camp.”

Even more inhumane than Devils Island was the
Russian colony of Siberia. The men sent to work in
this wasteland were given a one-way ticket and could
expect to never return to their homes again, if they
were fortunate enough to stand the trek there in the
first place.

It appeared that new methods of using prison labor
would have to be found and several countries came
up with the same identical idea at about the same
time. The Workhouse !

The English lay modest claim to this perverted idea
because of a workhouse erected in a section of Lon-
don called Bridewell. This House of Correction is
mentioned in the book, The Criminal Prisons of Lon-
don, by Mayhew and Binney.

“Where the city Bridewell now stands there is said
to have been anciently a holy well of medicinal wa-
ters called St. Bride’s Well, upon which was founded
a hospital for the poor. After the reformation, Ed-
ward VI chartered this to the city and converted it
into a place of confinement and “penitentiary amend-
ment” for unruly apprentices and disorderly persons
as well as sturdy beggars and vagrants.”

Originally, Bridewell had been built to house the
emperor Charles V, and his suite in 1525. It is doubt-
ful that the new tenants found it as hospitable as
Charles did, for they were put to work at such indus-
trious pursuits as spinning, making nails, and egrind-
ine corn. More about this grinding corn in a few
minutes. To improve the consciences of the Bride-
well inmates there were several forms of discipline.
Among them, whipping, restriction of dict and sun-
dry tortures.

Since the first workhouse was a success, as far as
officialdom was concerned, the idea took hold and in
1567 Parliament ruled that each county should have
its own Bridewell. The limits of labor were inereased
and by 1579 there were some two dozen types of em-
ployment in the Bridewells, among which were the
making of tennis balls, silk, lace, and pins. The main
improvement as far as the inmates were concerned
was that they were paid for their labors.

On the continent the good burghers of Amsterdam
had finally become sickened at the shedding of erim-
inal blood and opened up a little Bridewell of their
own. Several other countries, Germany, Belgium, cte.,
Jumped on the bandwagon and the workhouse,
with all its foulness, became a part of the prison labor
system that exists, even in America, until this day.

It was pauperism rather than crime that brought
about the next upheaval in European prison labor.
As the power of the guilds declined, their members
found themselves out of work and foreed to beg in
the streets. The economic effect of so many guilds-
men being unemployed was felt in the other forms of
labor and soon the streets were flooded with beggars
in greater numbers than the workhouse’s could hold.
In 1771, the deputies of Flanders called up Hyppo-
lyte Vilain to deal with the problem. His work in the
field of prisons and prison labor has earned him the
title of the father of modern penitentiary science.
Vilains main objective was the reformation of the fel-
ons (actually beggars) and his method was hard
work. As a slogan he adopted the bible quotation
"If any man will not work neither let him eat.” In
some ways Vilain was two hundred years ahead of
his time, for the ideas that he gave birth to, form the
basis for today’s vocational programs. He was cog-
nizant of the fact that trade instruction was the first
step in rehabilitation procedure and instituted shops
where this instruction was given practical applica-
tion. The success of these shops was established by
the hue and ery that free labor raised against them.
Under Vilains guidance the inmate not only reecived
vocational guidance but was given medical care and
had a chaplain for his spiritual needs. Another Vilain
original was the idea of common workshops but soli-
tary cells. His blueprint for the prison at Ghent in-
fluenced the structure of the majority of our Ameri-
can penitentiaries.

Before we conclude our look at the early forms of
prison labor their is one type that we should give
close observation to, the make-work device. While
the method of the treadmill or the crank may have
been discontinued, other forms of make-work have
cropped up in our own penitentiaries. These include
the assignment of men to sweep certain sectors of the
prison yard, shining brass and any other type of labor
that is not only uscless but may destroy a man’s ini-
tiative. The treadmill was originally intended for
the useful purpose of grinding corn, pumping: water,
and general prison work.

For an exact description we quote the Encycelo-
pedia Britannica: Introduced by Sir William Cubitt
in 1818 and intended by him as a means of employing
criminals usefully, “It was a large cylinder of wood
on an iron frame, around the circumference of which
were a series of steps about 74 inches apart. The
criminal, steadying himself by hand-rails on either
side, trod on these, his weight causing the mill to
revolve, and compelling, him to take each step in
turn. In the brutalizing system formerly in vouge
the necessary resistance was obtained by weights,
thus condemming the offender to useless toil and de-
feating the inventors object. The speed of the wheel
was regulated by a brake. Usually it revolved at the
rate of 32 feet per minute. The prisoner worked for
six hours each day, three hours at a time. He was on
the wheel for fifteen minutes and then rested for five
minutes. Thus in the course of his day’s labor he
climbed 8,640 feet. Isolation of prisoners at their
work was obtained by screens of wood on each side
of the mill, converting the working space into a sep-
arate compartment.

By the Prison Act of 1865, every male prisoner over
sixteen, sentenced to hard labor, had to spend three
months at least of his sentence-in labor of the first
class. This consisted primarily of the treadmill, or,
as the alternative, the crank. The latter consisted of
a small wheel, like the paddlewheel of a steamer and
a handle turned by the prisoner made it revolve in
a hox partly filled with gravel. The amount of gravel
regulated the hard labor; or the necessary resistance
was obtained by a brake, by which a pressure, usually
a twelve pound was applied. The prisoner had to
make 8,000 or 10,000 revolutions during his six hours
work, according to his strength, the number being
registered on a dial.

While the crank and treadmill have been discon-
tinued, we might just as well have kept them around
if we are to use other forms of make-work.

In the following articles we are given a look at
other types of prison labor that have been tried dur-
ing the twentieth century.
