---
id: "694"
title: "The 6 Systems of Penal Labor"
author: "Teeters, Negley K."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The 6 Systems of Penal Labor
Negley K. Teeters

THE CONTRACT OR PIECE-PRICE SYSTEM

Aside from agriculture, there have been six dif-
ferent systems by which prisoners have been employ-
ed. They are the contract, the picce-price, the lease,
public-account, state-use, and public works and ways.

The earliest form developed and used was the con-
tract system, or its variation, the piece-price system.
The contract system simply involved the letting out
of the labor of prisoners to an outside contractor who
furnished the machinery and the raw material and
supervised the prisoners’ work by men in his employ.
The prison management had nothing to do with the
operation, its task being only that of guarding the
convicts. This system was particularly vicious, since
the convict workers were at the mercy of the con-
tractor’s supervisors.

As stated above, the piece-price system is merely
a variation. In this, the contractor furnished the raw
material and received the finished product, paying
the prison administration so much for the work ae-
cepted by him. Exploitation was minimized, for the
administration hired its own supervisors. But in some
states not even the piece-price system intervened to
relieve the vicious features of the contract system.

Though prison labor was introduced in the newly
urganized penitentiaries after Pennsylvania blazed
the trail in the Walnut Street Jail in 1790, the real
beginning of the expansion and high prosperity of
the practice did not come until the years 1825 to 1840.
In the earlier epoch, sales were difficult because there
were no well established connection between the pri-
son shop and the costumers in the outside community.
However, with the rise of the merchant capitalist in
America, in the period following 1825, this fatal de-
ficiency was remedied and an intermediary was found
who was glad to furnish the raw materials and take
the finished product at an agreed-upon rate. The
system of contract-labor, then, was only one incident
in the rise of the merchant-capitalist, of which home
labor and the sweat-shop were other phases in his
attempt to obtain cheap labor. The merchant-capital-
ist had, of course, been the vital element in the Kng-
lish industrial system from 1600 to 1800.

The prisons of New York state enthusiastically
adopted this new method of working convicts. As
early as 1819, the Auburn prison was authorized by
the legislature to provide convicts with “joint-la-
bour” by the day, with solitary confinement by night.
Deficits in operating prisons soon gave way to actual
profits. By 1828 the prisons of Auburn and Sing Sing
were actually paying for themselves.

Other states, impressed by the financial results
obtained by New York’s prisons introduced the con-
tract system in their penal programs—but Pennsyl-
vania still frowned upon it. Dedicated to the prin-
ciple of separate confinement with each prisoner in
his own cell, this state could seareely take advantage
of the congregate labor that was imperative if con-
viet labor was to be exploited to its fullest advan-
tage. This inability of the Pennsylvania system to
pay for itself was one of its main weaknesses and
militated against its being adopted in other states.

Aside from the frankly partisan criticisms hurled
at contract labor by advocates of the Pennsylvania
system, there was little opposition and a great deal
of praise for this new working device for convicts.
Free labor objected from the start, but it was not
organized, and little attention was paid to it. Here
and there, where trade unions were strong enough to
be articulate, resolutions were passed condemning
the system as being unfair to free labor.

Just as the rise of contract convict labor was in-
timately associated with the rise of the merchant-
capitalists, so the opposition to it was inseparably
connected with the development of labor organiza-
tions, their struggle to improve the conditions of the
laboring classes, and their entry into politics imme-
diately after the War between the States and the
reconstruction period.

The feeble protests before that time should be re-
corded. As early as 1801, the mechanics of New York
protested against the prison competition. Again in
1823, cabinetmakers in the same state protested
against this competition, and in 1828 and 1829, re-
ports to the legislature declared the contract system
to be destructive of good to both the institution and
the prisoner. In 1830, the mechanies of Utica and
Brooklyn complained against unfair competition. In
1842 a secret labor organization called the “Mechan-
ics’ Mutual Protection,’ was formed in Buffalo for
the explicit purpose of combating competitive prison
labor. By 1847 this organization had fifty locals in
New York, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wis-
consin.

This early opposition to convict labor failed to ac-
complish any considerable results because the early
labor organizations did not have enough economic
and political strength. In the period following the
war between the States, however, the Industrial Re-
volution had become thoroughly established in the
United States, creating a much larger industrial pro-
letariat and weakening the position of the merchant-
‘apitalist. The greatly increased laboring class began
to build up its strong national organizations and
eventually became a sufficient power to command the
attention and solicitude of ambitious politicians. The
severe panic and depression of 1875 and the following
years greatly stimulated the activity of labor organ-
izations in behalf of the industrial workers. Their old
enemy, the contract prison labor system, was a spe-
cial object of attack. The early labor organizations
that came into existence during this period, notably
the Knights of Labor, continued their attacks against
the system, and these were strengthened after the
formation of the American Federation of Labor.

From 1880 on, organized labor and its political lobby-
ists, agents, and allies kept up the fight until contract
convict labor was altogether abolished.

The great success of organized labor in combating
contract prison labor has been largely due to politi-
cians who have exploited this issue to attract the
labor vote. An example of this is to be found in the
passage of the ill-conceived Muehlbronner Act in
Pennsylvania in 1897, making it illegal for the state
penitentiarics to work more than five per cent of
their inmates in the manufacture of brooms and
brushes, hollow-ware, or ten per cent in the manu-
facture of any other kind of goods, or to use machines
operated by power to make any commodities fabri-
cated elsewhere in the state by free labor. This act
spelt disaster to the prison labor program in Penn-
sylvania. Even in the year 1909, while the contract
system still flourished in our prisons, an investigator
found that of the 2,900 idle able-bodied prisoners in
the entire country, no less than 2,073 where in
Pennsylvania.

The abolition of the contract system was desirable,
but the pendulum swung too far toward state con-
trol and the fatal restriction of prison labor, to the
detriment of the state and the convict and with no
corresponding benefit to free labor. In place of the
abuses of “forcing” labor under the contract system
there has developed a deplorable tendency toward an
expensive and demoralizing idleness.

Aside from the objections of free labor and the
politician to the contract system, the humanitarian
also has a valid criticism. The prison factory has ex-
ploited the prisoner; and according to the philosophy
of the times, he deserved to be exploited, or, at the
least, he needed striet discipline and hard and oner-
ous manual labor for deterrence and reformation.
A few intelligent ex-prisoners exposed the evils of
the system. Kate Richards O’Hara, political prisoner
in the Missouri State Penitentiary, pictured the con-
tract system of prison labor as one of rank exploita-
tion and brutality, motivated only by the greed for
profits at the expense of the helpless convicts. Under
the task method the prison worker was obliged to
measure up to a certain set quota. If he failed in this
he was unmereifully punished on the assumption that
he was malingering. Some sixteen prisons still have
the “task” in a modified form: in some institutions
merely to determine where piece work shall begin;
and in some to indicate when inmates may stop work-
ing for the day.

Inmates were required to maintain strict silence
while working. Such was the Auburn system in ac-
tion during the late years of the nineteenth century.

The early prison administrators little realized that
in using the contract labor system they had been a
party to the development of a monster that strangled
the convict and prison alike. John Howard had be-
lieved in labor for prisoners but he was not only op-
posed to exploitation but believed “that there i is’ a
great error in expecting that a (prison) should
be made to maintain itself since with the strict-
est economy, a considerable annual sum will be
found necessary for its proper support.” In
order to make up for thé inefficiency which
characterized the prison factory, due to its’ na-
ture of forced labor, workers had to. be pushed
and exploited. ...

But some of the carly prison administrators
saw the dangers and abuses of the system after
they had seen it-in operation for some time.
Amos Pilsbury, Warden of the Wethersleld,
Connecticut, Prison had praised the prison fae-
tory, but he changed his mind and regretted
“that he had ever paid into the public treasury
the earnings of prisoners instead of using the
surplus funds for the prisoners benefit.”

THE LEASE SYSTEM

Another variation of the contract system, one
even more vicious, was the lease system. Under
it the contractors assumed entire control of the
prisoners, including their maintenance and dis-
cipline, subject, of course, to the regulations
fixed by statute. The convicts were removed
from the prisons and employed in such outdoor
labor as quarrying, agriculture, bridge and
road construction, and turpentine camps. This
form of convict labor approached peonage if not
slavery:

The American public had an opportunity in recent
years to learn of this system by reading that best
seller, Gone With The Wind. It tells of a sawmill
operated by leased convicts under the direct control
of a supervisor hired by Scarlet O’Hara, whose bus-
iness was to make money at any cost. We get the
picture of the cruelties of this system from many re-
ports of the chain gang and its operation, especially
in the South.

As Dr. Louis Robinson so aptly puts it: “Leasing
is undoubtedly the easiest way out for a state or local
unit of government that does not wish to wrestle with
the problem of caring for its prisoners, particularly
the very difficult task of finding employment for
ile rma

Kentucky was probably the first state to resort to
the leasing system. McKelvey records that in. 1825,
Joel Scott, a merchant, offered $1,000 a year for the
labor of the Kentucky convicts for a period of five
years. In California the practice of leasing was re-
sorted to in the gold rush days after ’49. The Vigi-
lance Committee disposed of the worst offenders in
this lawless community, but the lesser lawbreakers
were. a problem—until a state senator agreed to re-
strain them if the state gave him a contract to em-
ploy them. He sublet the contract to a man named
McCauley, who housed the convicts on an abandoned
barge anchored in San Francisco Bay and put them
to various tasks on shore. One day the old hulk broke
loose in a gale, drifted to Point San Quentin, ran
aground and broke up. McCauley then worked the
convicts on shore at Point San Quentin making bricks
from clay found there. He built barracks on the
Point, and eventually the State Oi California took
over the prison. Thus San Quentin came. into exist-
ence in the year 1852. Today it is one of the largest
prisons in the ae housing s some 5,000 men.

As leasing beeame more widespread, some states
passed laws turning the convicts over to the counties,
and avoiding the maintenance of a state penal insti-
tution. The system of leasing convicts to private con-
tractors has now been abolished i in almost every state
in the Union.

THE PUBLIC OR STATE ACCOUNT SYSTEM

Under the public-account, or state-account system
of prison labor, there is no intervention of outside
parties, the employment of the convicts is in all re-
spects directed by the state, and the products of their
labors are sold on open market for the mutual benefit
of state and prisoner—though the prisoner eects a
very small share.

The shining example of this system has long been
the state prison at Stillwater. Its binder-twine and
farm-machinery plants have enabled it usually to
operate without expense to the taxpayers. Other
states have been fairly successful with this type of
prison labor policy, but there are objections to it:
those of the pressure groups who oppose the compe-
tition of prison-made goods; and the penologists’
objection that this prison-factory system does not
accomplish the reformation and training of the con-
vict. Low-cost production is the main objective in
such a system.

THE STATE-USE SYSTEM

The most rational and hopeful prison labor system
is the state-use, under which articles produced in the
prisons are disposed of only in state-supported insti-
tutions and bureaus. In some twenty-two states it is
mandatory that institutions and bureaus purchase
commodities that meet their needs from the prisons
if such products are manufactured by the prisons.

Pennsylvania is the only state operating an extensive
state-use system which has not adopted the compul-
sory purchase plan. The success of the state-used
system of prison industry depends upon the type of
legislature that creates the system. As the needs of
state institutions and bureaus are almost without
limit, a well integrated and efficient system of prison
industries can best be set up where the will to do so
is present.

But selfish outside interests and petty grafts nulli-
fy most efforts made to establish an effective compul-
sory state-use system. And even in those states that
provide for mandatory state-use, eternal vigilance is
necessary to see that the state-supported customers
actually make their purchases from the state prisons.
On the average, if the penal and correctional insti-
tutions could supply a tenth of the total publie insti-
tutional purchases in any year, all the able-bodied
inmates could be put to work in productive enter-
prises. Thus a really effective state-use system could
easily solve the problem of prison labor and industry.

PUBLIC WORKS AND WAYS

By the public works and ways system of prison
labor convicts are employed in the construction and
repair of publi streets, highways, and similar public
endeavors. This is the sort of work the average lay-
man usually recommends when he discusses the prob-
lem of convict labor. It is easy to say, with some
degree of feeling: “Put ’em on the
streets and roads. Hard work’s good
for ’em, and the streets always need
fixing.” Many southern counties have
their road gangs, and they are still a
familiar sight in Virginia, North Caro-
lina, and other states. Sometimes the
convicts wear the traditional stripes,
but in some states they have a less loath-
some color combination. Many states are
proud of the amount of public work
accomplished by their convict gangs.
Of course private entrepeneurs oppose
this system: road contractors object to
it as shoe manufacturers object to the
state-use system of supplying shoes to
inmates of state-supported institutions.

Another objection to public works by
convicts is that advanced by Dr. Benja-
min Rush in 1787, when he denounced
it as a public humiliation and secured
repeal of the Pennsylvania law for
working convicts on the highways. If
prisoners are to be thus employed, mea-
sures should be taken against stigma
and personal demoralization by permit-
ting the workers to wear clothing of
their own choice and by reducing to a minimum such
outward signs of custodial restraint as armed guards,
bloodhounds, shackles, and the like.
