---
id: "696"
title: "Keep Your Convicts!!"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Keep Your CONVICTS!!

I employ over one thousand men, and there is not
an ex-convict among them. There isn’t going to be
an ex-convict among them. I do not care if a man was
unjustly umprisoned, and if his sponsor comes to me
with proof of it. Whatever his story, I do not want
him.

My “hard boiled’ stand is, I hope, constructive.
I am no more lacking in feclings than those who ex-
tend their sympathy, which does the ex-convict no
particular good. I merely look at the public problem
from a different angle; I ban the ex-convict because
when an American penitentiary gets through with
aman, innocent or guilty, he is unfit to hold his place
in industry with the men I’ve hired from the world
of free workers.

I have visited penitentiaries behind the grim grey
walls. I have seen human lives timed to a brutalizing
routine. I have seen men jammed together, have
smelled the smells to which they are constantly ex-
posed, seen unbelievably crude sanitary systems in
operation and talked with prison wardens about the
ever-pressing problem of finding sufficient work to
keep their charges constructively employed during
the day and decently tired at night.

Talk about your problems of ‘‘made work’’ in the
world outside and its effect upon the men who do it;
have you ever considered the many useless, wearying,
depressing jobs in prison by which nothing is aecom-
plished? Jobs to which a man can bring no spark
of interest?

The men who face the grim problem of controlling
many crowded, desperate men cannot afford to think
in terms of ‘‘redeeming human values.’’ To avoid
outbreaks they must enforce a discipline carefully
pointed at bringing the human brute into subjection.
Not every man who enters a prison is a brute, but
every one pays the penalty of associating with brutes.

The big men in convict’s thoughts are the men
serving the longest sentences; the men who have com-
mitted the most serious crimes. A new prisoner’s
philosophy, his ideas of life, and his conversation
about even the most trivial affairs becomes colored
by the viewpoint of the underworld; the world that
thinks in terms of preying rather than producing.

I don’t care if a convict has paid his debt to society.
I don’t care if he ever owed a debt to society. He has
spent a certain number of years in the packed, un-
healthy plotting atmosphere of the pen. I owe too
much to the workmen I already have in my plant.
He won’t do!

He has had the initiative ground out of him. He
has lost the sense of pride in productive work. His
mind is teeming with ideas that he may not have
accepted fully, but that he cannot purge from the
brain that was forced to live upon them for lack of
other nourishment. He has been trained in intrigue,
and to conspire for even the simple things that other
men take for granted; tobacco, reading matter, a few
extra minutes of conversation.

The arguments pile up indefinitely; a sordid array
of sorry facets. I do not even bother to present them
to the average convict. As he stands, he doesn’t be-
long in any plant Like mine, but no end is served by
my telling him so. I address my challenge to the
state and the nation: KEEP YOUR CONVICTS,
OR MAKE CITIZENS OUT OF THEM.

If the end of prison is punishment and the means of
punishment is calculated to rob the man of initiative,
pride, decency, and self respect, then let the state
find a use for the human husk. Don’t ask industry to
do it.

No man should serve his sentence and then step out
into the world. There should be a period of prepara-
tion. If society’s debt must be paid to the hilt, then
add a year of rehabilitation. During that year, let
the convict put the dull, demoralizing routine of peni-
tentiary life behind him. Let him become accustomed
to wearing the clothes of a free world again.

I would ship him away from the prison that had
witnessed his shame and the comrades who had
shared it. I would give him work to do that he could
take pride in doing, and I would give him a free
man’s reward for that work. I would let him become
accustomed to earning money before money becomes
his necessity. I would teach him to save that money
and to pay his bills. He would have a pay envelope
every Saturday, and would be submitted weekly bills
for food, lodging, and incidentals.

Perhaps it might be possible to work out a varia-
tion of the CCC scheme where these ‘‘last year’’ men
could be given a taste of healthy outdoor life to drive
the prison contagion from their bodies while the psy-
chology of the course for freedom was cleansing their
minds. One year is not a long period when the dam-
age of many years has to be repaired, but I am con-
vineed it is long enough if the builders of men work
as efficiently in that year as do the molders who make
convicts out of them in the first prison year.

“If you businessmen do not provide honest work
for these men, they will be driven back, in spite of
themselves, to a life of crime.’’

I hear that too often. It puts the responsibility on
me, where it does not belong. I know that he may be
driven back to crime, but if the state has prepared
him for nothing else, the problem is too big for me
to handle.

As a taxpayer, I contribute to the support of every
convict in the state and in the nation. They have to
live and I do not begrudge my share, but I should
like to pay a little more—if it would cost any more
to provide these convicts with a year of training, not
in manual arts or beadwork, but in the theory and
practice of being a good citizen. Let us make citizens
of them.
