---
id: "697"
title: "Blood Flows at Eastern"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
BLOOD FLOWS AT EASTERN

One of the bloodiest chapters in Easterns history was written this past
Fourth of July weekend. Both inmates and officers were involved in the
bloodletting, with neither side asking for quarter as morning wore into after-
noon. Fortunately there was need for outside intervention as the gore was
shed in a good cause, the semi-annual visit of the Bloodmobile.

With the Gray Ladies lending a legal sanction to the affair, everything went
off like clockwork and a total of one hundred and sixty-nine pints were
donated. A number of donors were turned away when the cheerful lasses
with the long needles ran out of bottles. This will probably be remedied in the
future as our own Capt. Paul, the staunchest supporter of the Bloodmobile, has
been collecting all and any bottles he sees. Seriously | would like to thank
the men of this institution, both free and confined, for their fine performance.
It not only helps a good cause, but enables our magazine to answer the boasts
of other institutions who are forever talking about the size of their blood
donations. Since the amount of men, who donated blood, number ap-
proximately one half of those eligible, we are far above the national everage.

Perhaps next time we can exceed this amount.

The Editor
