---
id: "698"
title: "He Knows How to Find Jobs for Ex-Convicts"
author: "Weisinger, Mort"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Bob Hannum daily stakes his reputation
guaranteeing the honesty of job applicants
most employers fear and distrust

He Knows How
to Find Jobs
for Ex-Convicts

Permission to reprint courtesy of Reader's
Digest. Copyrighted 1956

by
Mort Weisinger

The executive beamed at the neatly dressed job
applicant. “All right, Carter,” he said, “you start
with us Monday—$6500 a year.”

Carter smiled nervously. “Thanks, Mr. Green. But
there’s something else you should know. I've just
finished serving four years for forgery.”

Green said, “I'm sorry, but company policy pre-
vents—” There was a moment’s embarassed silence.

“I realize your position, sir,” Carter said, “but be-
fore you write me off, please make one phone call.”

Green dialed the number Carter gave him. For
several minutes he listened. When he hung up, he
nodded at Carter. "You've got the job," he said. "I
couldn’t say no to the angel in your corner.”

The “angel” was 52-year-old Robert R. Hannum,
who runs one of the most unusual employment agen-
cies in the world. As Director of Vocational Place-
ment for the Osborne Association, a private prisoners-
aid organization with headquarters in New York
City, he finds jobs for ex-prisoners.

A former convict finds himself quarantined from
many kinds of honest jobs. His record bars him in
peacetime from the armed forces, and may disqualify
him for Civil Service. A dozen states refuse him a
driver’s license, making him ineligible for jobs that
require a car or truck. In many states a parolee must
inform a prospective employer of his criminal past
during the first job interview. When he applies to a
firm which has a Government contract, the security
check of his fingerprints reveals his record. It’s not
surprising that about 40 per cent of ex-prisoners re-
vert to crime.

Working to keep them straight are prisoners-aid
societies. The Osborne Association, one of the fore-
most, combines two agencies established by the late
Thomas Mott Osborne, the pioneering warden of Sing
Sine who devoted his life to changing society’s treat-
ment of criminals. During the last 25 years the As-
sociation has suceeeded in finding employment for
some 15,000 ex-prisoners.* Of these only 14 have be-
trayed their trust.

Each morning Director Hannum’s office is full of
job-seeking ex-safe-crackers, pickpockets, automobile
thieves, bad-check artists, con men. On the surface
they look like poor job risks, but Hannum’s screening
technique is so reliable that some of America’s
strictest bonding companies will bond ex-prisoners
vouched for by the Osborne Association. Seven out
of ten men who show up at Osborne are accepted for
placement, and jobs are found for about 20 every
week.

Hannum first reviews their prison dossiers. To the
top of the ladder go first offenders, men with a good
behavior record, trusties and those who volunteered
as medical guinea pigs. First-rune candidates also
include “graduates” of prison trade schools who are
competent in bricklaying, plastering or other skills.

On the bottom rung are habitual offenders and men
with bad discipinary reports. To these risky charac-
ters Hannum has set his sights low and is thankful
when he can land them minor jobs. Obviously hard
cases such as psychopaths, dope addicts and alcohol-
ics are referred to rehabilitation agencies.

Hannum has the ability to melt employers who
freeze up when an applicant informs them of his
prison stigma. I was in his office when an employer
phoned about an ex-convict the agency had sent him.

“Every security agency in New York knows about
us and considers us good business,” Hannum told
him. “Before I sent the man to see you I got facts
about your company. I believe you'll find him a real
asset.”

“But will he stay straight?” the employer asked.

“We've been in business 25 years, and we’re pre-
pared to guarantee the quality of our product. We
don’t operate on guesswork. We have verified facts
about. the man’s background. habits and personality
which convinee us that hell be an excellent risk de-
spite the blot on his record.”

The Association places men from federal prisons and all
state prisons except New York’s; the latter are helped by the
New York State Prison Association.

The employer was still hesitant. “Frankly,” he
said, “an associate of mine once hired an ex-convict
and it was a costly experience.”

Hannum said, “Did your friend screen the man and
hire him on good grounds or was he just trying to do
somebody a favor?”

“No, he didn’t screen him,” the employer admitted.

“But why give preference to an ex-prisoner when
there are non-criminal applicants who could use the
job?

“It depends on how well you want this job done,”
Hannum replied. “And remember that this man has
a great deal to lose if he doesn’t succeed.”

The employer capitulated.

When grateful convicts ask Hannum how they can
repay him, he answers: “Just keep your eyes open
and let me know whenever there’s a job opening in
your company.”

Osborne’s executive director, Austin H. MacCorm-
ick, a noted penologist, explains Hannum’s job-cast-
ing success this way: “Bob is a human IBM machine.
One part of his brain is an inventory of countless
trades and skills for which ex-prisoners can qualify.
Another part is an exhaustive file of employers. Press
an invisible button and Bob can pair prisoner and
position with electronic speed.”

The Osborne Association operates its vocational
program on a sparse annual budget of $25,000, con-
tributed by the agency’s 400 sponsors. Contributions
also come from police chiefs, prison wardens and
from former convicts who are now successful busin-
essmen.

To save a client from skid row until he can get a
job, Hannum stakes him with money for living costs
or establishes credit for him with some friendly res-
taurant and lodginghouse. The Osborne staff told me
proudly that out of $6982 lent to 985 needy men dur-
ing 1955, $2378 has already been repaid.

Less than one tenth of one per cent of all Osborne-
recommended men have ever stolen from the employ-
ers. On the other hand, an unserupulous employer
once phoned Osborne and requested an ex-prisoner
with bookkeeping experience. This employer had
been muleting his partners and planned to frame the
ex-convict for the company’s financial shortage.
When the man was arrested, Hannum had the facts
ventilated and established his innocence.

One of Hannum’s favorite stories concerns “Trig-
ger” L—, who had served time for armed rob-
bery. Trigger had to sweat it out for four months
before Hannum finally found a boss willing to gamble
on his going straight. For five years Trigger toiled
honestly, and saved enough money to open a hard-
ware store in the Midwest. Business was so good that
he soon needed an assistant. Mindful of the break
society had given him, Trigger stipulated in the ad:
Only ex-convicts need apply.

The successful applicant was a youth who admitted
having served two years for automobile theft. Three
months later, when Trigger told his assistant that he
was giving him a $10 raise, the boy made a tearful
confession.

“You've been swell to me, but there’s something
you should know. I’ve never been to jail. I lied be-
cause I needed the work.”

P.S. He kept the job. 
