---
id: "699"
title: '"What Can I Do?"'
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“What Can I Do?”’

In his spare time, a police officer in Reading, Pa., Detective Charles S.
Wade, runs a home improvement company which grosses nearly a million dol-
lars a year. What makes his company different is that most of his 45 em-
ployees are ex-convicts — many arrested by Wade.

Some of his employees formerly brandished guns at him. One, a 16-year old
parole violator who had already fired four times at the police, pointed a shot-
gun at Wade and told him to stay back or get his head blown off. Wade put
down his own service revolver. “Son, you're not in real trouble yet. Give me a
couple of minutes to talk to you... before you do something that will send
you to the chair.”

The youngster gave him three and a half hours to talk — but without
lowering his gun. Wade explained “You're going to jail, but when you get out,
promise you a job so you can live like a human being.”’ Finally the boy drop-
ped the gun, “You're the first person in the world that didn’t sound like he was
lying to me.”

Though most of the employees in Wade's firm are ex-convicts, only he
knows which ones these are. He starts all workers at a minimum of $60 for a
40-hour week, encourages them to develop skills that enable them to earn $80
to $90 per week.

Wade and his wife have recently purchased a 10-acre estate near Reading,
which they plan to use as a recreation center for his employees and fellow
policemen and their families. It includes swimming pools, baseball field, lodge
hall and lake for boating.

“If I can educate the public to accept the man who made a mistake,’ Wade
said, “I can educate the man himself to accept the public.”

—BETWEEN the LINES
