---
id: "7"
title: "Non-Conformist?"
author: "Chandler, Selvian R."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
NON-CONFORMIST ? 
"Duffle bag's" brother was there to fight the enemy. Why bother with the "non-essentials".

by SELVIAN R. CHANDLER

One evening a few months ago, I was relating
to a group of acquaintances an incident, or rather a
number of incidents, in which one man was in-
volved, and of how we often attach a great deal of
significance to such occurrences, especially if they
are detrimental to the person. For this edition, I
was asked to write an account of the person who
was the principal figure in some rather precarious
positions and hilarious escapades, and to whom
was often applied the term, ‘‘Non-Conformist’’.

This is no imaginary character out of the re-
cesses of the mind, but a young man whom I came
to learn about through a half-brother, who at the
time was in the same company as I at Camp
Majestic, Japan. For the best interests of all in-
volved, I shall not refer by name to the man this
is about, but for the sake of identification I shall
refer to his brother as ‘‘Duffle-Bag’’, a nickname.
‘‘Duffle-Bag’’ called me on the way from
breakfast to inform me that his brother was in the
‘“‘ean’’ again. This was February, 1950, and since
coming to the company a month earlier, poor
“‘Duffle-Bag’s’’ brother had been pinched on four
occasions, and for each pinch had pulled fatigue
or restriction for seven days or more. (Which took
care of the month and shows that each time he
ventured to town, he was into something.) This
time it looked serious. He had reported in by
24:00 for bed check and after the O. D. had made
his rounds, he and a buddy had dummied their
beds and sneaked out across the fields to pay a
visit to their girls. Upon arriving, and before they
could get squared away, who arrived but the
Military Police. Mama-san screams, ‘‘Kempai!
Kempai!’’, and the boys take flight across the field
toward camp. As fate would will it the M. P.’s
are fleet of foot and catch ‘‘Duffle-Bag’s’’ brother.
His buddy escapes, believe it or not, by falling
into what we G. I.’s call a ‘‘honey hole’’. Having
an idea of what it was, you know why the M. P.’s
didn’t want him. Anyway, they have the con-
stant goof-up. Into the barbed enclosure of the
stockade he goes. Charge: AWOL, Off Limits,
Breaking Curfew, Resisting Arrest, Frequenting a
Disreputable Establishment, ete. The charges with
their specifications, call for a Special Court-Martial.

On the day of the trial,—it had been predicted
by the ‘‘stockade counselors’’ that he’d get six
months and two-thirds pay at the least—he gets
thirty days in the pokey. Of the thirty, he pulls
twenty-three. By the time the sentence is up, it’s
April; a bit after Easter. Our boy on his first pass
comes through fine; in on time, turns his pass in,
signs in, no trouble. At the next days duty and
drill formations he falls in on time, his rifle clean,
boots shined, and in general, alert. This is new.
He usually gets chewed out at least once at every
formation. Anyway, this goes on for about ten
days, so ‘‘Duffle-Bag’’ tells me. Everything is
swell.

Around mid-April friend ‘‘Duffle-Bag’’ and I
venture to Gifu for a movie and a bit of recreation.
On our return, we decide to stop in Shi-Naka for a
last beer or two at the ‘‘Rainbow’’, this establish-
ment being the local cabaret.

We hear it before we turn to go into the
eabaret. It sounds like a cyclone is in full swing
in a barrel. Sirens sound, signaling the arrival of
the Provost to the scene, it being the cabaret in
question; and no one is allowed in and those who
didn’t beat it before the arrival of the 212th, our
local constabulary company, can’t beat it now.
Our boy again. An engineer soldier tried to alien-
ate the affections of some Naisan our boy is sport-
ing and a duel ensues. This duel sparks a shindig
between the infantry and the engineers, so it’s on.
The M.P.’s arrive in time to prevent any fatalities,
but the ‘‘Rainbow’’ is done. The interior is practi-
cally demolished. And, again to the bastille goes
the perpetrator. This time he gets three months
and two-thirds pay, but only does about thirty.
The Regiment’s going to Fuji on maneuvers. Mike
company needs its machine gunners and he’s one.

The entire time a Regiment is in the maneuver
area they are not permitted any passes or leaves
unless of an emergency nature. Does this interfere
with ‘‘Duffle Bag’s’’ brother? No. No. He takes
‘French Leave’. Not for long, just enough to visit
a few places that are automatically Off Limits
anyway. These trips continue and, in the course
of one, he’s fired at by the indignant Provost who
have had the peace of their patrols broken by his
violation of their boundaries. Nevertheless, he es-
capes. Maybe he would have gone back again, but
he had to report to the dispensary for a few days
and as a result he postponed his visits for the
remainder of the Regiment’s stay at Fuji-Susino
Maneuver Area.

At the end of May, upon his return to Regiment,
he invited the platoon sergeant behind the latrine
and described in no uncertain terms what he’d do
to him. The Company Commander heard and again
our boy’s in dutch. He apologizes, which saves a
court-martial, but he draws fifteen days restriction,
with extra training. Anyone that was ever in the
24th Regimental Combat Team in Japan knows what
that is and how it’s administered.

Shortly thereafter, war begins in Korea. The
entire 25th Division is alerted for a combat assign-
ment. Everyone is restricted. All leaves, passes and
furloughs are cancelled. Everyone that knew a way
off the post other than the main gates, used it.
Including yours truly. This was it and we knew it.
Duffle Bag and his brother went together for their
last visit to Naka and Shi-Naka, quite AWOL. So
were we all. I believe this to be one of the few times
that that guy did the least wrong and didn’t get
caught.

He was a man who ecouldn’t or wouldn’t con-
form. Some ealled him no good, others dismissed him
as not being soldier material. Still others said he was
a disgrace to his Regiment, his uniform and the
Colors under which he served. What is my opinion?
I’ll give you the ending and let you decide.

In August of 1950 the Regiment was holding a
section of the Pusan Perimeter west of a small
village named Haman. The 3rd Batallion had fought
its way up ‘‘Old Baldy’”’ to ‘‘Bloody Peak’’. There
they dug in. Casualties were heavy. Mike Company,
the Heavy Weapons Company, had it’s M. G.’s in
a formidable position. If the line could hold, they
could wreak havoe upon the enemy. But after mid-
night, Item, King and Love Companies came under
heavy, savage attack. Love had to give, it couldn’t
hold, which meant it was best to withdraw the
Battalion to save it from being surrounded and cut
off. An orderly withdrawal was ordered under cover
of mortar and artillery fire; but nothing is like
direct cover. A machine gunner refused to leave
his post at his gun. Securing all the ammunition he
could, he prepared to man his gun.

The following day the 8rd Battalion, 24th Reg-
iment with 2nd Battalion, 27th Regiment, assaulted
and recaptured ‘‘Bloody Peak’’. On the summit in
his gun emplacement he lay, terribly battered, bay-
oneted and shot-up, across his heavy 30 caliber M.G.
All of his ammo expended, he used his carbine and
45 until they, too, were empty. He did not die
alone, for scattered all over were the communist
dead, and there were many of them. He prevented
the enemy from pressing its attack; he saved many
a life by giving his own. Yes---,it was ‘‘Dufflle
Bag’s’’ brother. He may have lived to some as a
non-conformist, but to all of us who knew him, he
died as only a real man can.

The Citation read in part, "_______
To Private First Class W______ T______
Company M, 24th U.S. Infantry Regiment, who did
on the morning of August __, 1950, man his machine
gun in the face of superior and overwhelming enemy
forces, killing a large number of enemy troops,
thereby preventing a breakthrough that would have
endangered the entire line. He sacrificed his own
life in so doing; thereby upholding the highest tra-
ditions of the United States Army. For distinguish-
ing himself conspicuously by gallantry and intre-
pidity at the risk of life above and beyond the eall
of duty, The Congress of the United States of
America has so ordered, directed and made a part
of the Congressional Record, that Private First
Class W______ T______, Company M, 24th
U.S. Infantry Regiment, be awarded posthumously,
THE CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL OF HONOR.’’

This is the Nation’s highest award.
