---
id: "70"
title: "Treatment Staff"
author: "Morello, Michael"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
TREATMENT STAFF
Michael Morello, Director of Treatment

I WOULD FIRST LIKE TO begin this short
article by sincerely congratulating the inmate
editors and contributors who have done a tre-
mendous amount of work in producing the Eastern
Echo. I think that this will prove to be a venture
which will reap much self-satisfaction to all those
individuals involved.

As many men in this institution have observed,
each Friday morning there is a meeting in my office
with the heads of the various departments. At that
time inmates who have been scheduled meet and
discuss their problems with the Staff. As is usual
in institutions, there may be some misinterpretation
and misunderstanding about the functions of this staff
meeting. No mystery about these functions is intend-
ed. The purpose of this article will be to clarify
and possibly further explain them.

As you already know, the Staff here is to help
you work out your problems and possibly suggest
alternate courses from which you may want to choose.
Any man in this institution has direct access to this
board simply by making a request to my office. In
addition to these requested interviews, it is the Staff’s
plan to see each man in the institution at least once
every two years. This is in order to review his pro-
gram with him and to encourage, not only possible
additions to this program, but expression of the man’s
estimate of his program and adjustment, together
with any requests he may have regarding its improv-
ment. Furthermore, all new men entering H.S.P.
from either the Classification Center or other state
institutions are seen by the Staff at which time a pro-
gram is worked out with them.

Because all the department heads and a repre-
sentative from the Deputy Warden’s Office are pres-
ent, all decisions made are a result of a joint effort of
all minds of the staff. No one specific staff member
makes the decision. In addition, complex problems
can be discussed and immediate action taken. This
leaves the man with the problem feeling that he is not
hanging out on a limb but has a definite decision,
even though it may not be the one he desires. Nu-
merous matters are discussed during these meetings,
and sometimes several meetings and further investi-
gation of the details are required. At any event,
the inmate is always informed where matters stand
in his regard so that the possibility of the inmate
feeling that he is getting the run-around is minimized.

I would be kidding you and myself if I stated
that no individual who sees our staff leaves in a dis-
eruntled state of mind, for sometimes it is necessary
to disapprove requests. However, I can honestly say
that the requests that are disapproved have received
a full hearing, with all the pros and cons carefully
weighed and consideration given to the inmate and
to the institutions in our penal system. Many of the
matters brought to Staff hearing by men are compli-
cated and involve considerations which the inmate is
not particularly aware of at the time because, as
human beings everywhere, we all tend to look at our
specific problems a little subjectively. The Staff in
these cases serves to objectify the problem and pos-
sibly bring it out into a different perspective.

It would be repetitious and unimportant to men-
tion the types of problems that can be discussed in
these meetings. If it bothers you, it is significant
to us. Unsolved problems hinder adjustment; mal-
adjustment hinders rehabilitation; rehabilitation is
a shared concern, yours and ours.
