---
id: "700"
title: "How Far Have We Gone?"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
How Far Have We Gone?

Have we really established a vocational program that
will produce capable and confident craftmen or are
our prison shops just time-killers, and, waste of money?

by Thomas Williams

The vocational systems now in use throughout most
of the United States prisons are a conglomeration of
differences in methods of use of prison labor. The
differences lie in the systems employed in accordance
with the location, size and type of prison. In order to
equip the man with the necessary job training pre-
paratory to release, many things have to be taken
into consideration. The screening process must be
employed. The questions that should be a part of
every vocational director’s job language are: What
type of work the individual desires? (Can we supply
his needs?) What are his educational qualifications?
(Can we teach him?) What type of job is suitable—
in regards to length of sentence? Are the salaries
adequate to the labor and to the minimum needs of
the prisoner? These questions were once thought of
as useless because of the punishment factor being the
dominating theme in most prisons. We cannot sepa-
rate prison labor from the rehabilitation programs
now in operation. It surely cannot be minimized. tht
a parolee is in society without the necessary training
to fit certain types of work, he will inevitably be dis-
missed from his job. Without adequate finances to
sustain his daily needs, he is surely a prey for any
type of illegal persuasions. If society must feel the
hostility of these individuals because of inadequate
training prior to release, then why minimize the ad-
ministration of job training as a prerequisite to re-
lease? It is definitely part and parcel of the total
rehabilitative program now in operation within the
nations prisons.

The inmates work program was once thought of as
part of his corporeal punishment. The idea was to
subject the prisoner to as much hard and useless la-
bor as was physically possible. This was demon-
strated most accurately when chain gangs flourished
throughout the United States prison system. In
many prisons the men were shackled and forced to
labor many hours at rock breaking. The only skill re-
quired was the prisoner’s own strength and endur-
ance to stand up—under such brutal work. The other
terrible extreme was idleness. The nonsensical idea
of this procedure was to keep the prisoner locked up
for an interminable length of time daily. His only re-
spite from the monotony of doing nothing was the
couple of hours in the small exercise yards. Its main
objective was ‘‘solitude with labor and reformation
through reflection and expiation.’’ This latter system
was known as the separate and solitary confinement
system. This type of system was most evident in the
smaller penitentiaries of this country. One of the
advocates of this system during the years of 1831 to
1915 was the old Eastern State Penitentiary at Phila-
delphia. Many of the prisoners to while away the
lonely hours did individual craft work in their cells.
This consisted of small shelves, seale models and
other assorted craft work. Most of these were sold
to the warders of the prisons or sent home. In 1913
the Pennsylvania plan of separate and solitary con-
finement was abandoned officially. This was as a
direct result of Legislation recommended by Gover-
nor Tener. The practice persisted, however, minutely
many years after the seemingly abolition of this
former policy. The idea that labor in prison should
be a productive, rehabilitative, and skilled endeavor
was not a new idea. Even among the terrible condi-
tions of yesteryear, there were men like Dr. Benjamin
Rush who preachd theories far beyond his time. A
prison booklet edited by Dr. Negley Teeters entitled,
‘“A Plan for the Punishment of Crime’’ states many
of the great theorics and plans of this man. His de-
nunciation in 1786 of the whipping post, pillories,
stocks and labor gave rise to postulates that were
advocated by many penologists. He stated that,
"The inmates of his house of repentance should be
self-supporting. The labor should be regulated and
directed as to be profitable to the state and indi-
vidual." Since those early days many more clauses
have been added. One of great importance is the rule
that requires prison labor to be non-competitive with
outside business. This is a very important point that
even today is misunderstood by many employers and
businessmen alike. Prison labor in effect cannot com-
pete with big business. The production methods are
slower and the machinery is not of the type to keep in
step with the million dollar giants in operation today.
The main function of prison labor is to provide an
education for the men in prison and to provide com-
modities for the state owned institutions and main-
tenance within the particular institution in which the
inmates are housed. The small commercial trade
carried on by inmates to private individuals is so
small as not to warrant consideration and much anxi-
ety that seems to plague the uninformed in society.

A work program like other constructive endeavors
is not a stationary task. It is one which must be con-
tinually improved upon to suit the changing times
and the prisoners personal needs and adjustments.
The pay must be adequate in order to assure the in-
mate of a sense of security. Many individuals would
ect a chuckle out of this last statement, thinking in
terms of the state supplying the necessary needs of
the inmate. But, if they realized how many inmates
send part of their meager wages to mothers, Wives
and other members of their families it would appear
a little different. Financial security as far as the pris-
oner is coneerned is the secure knowledge that his
small pittance is helping someone he loves. He is
secure in the knowledge that he can save enough to
aid him in his quest for freedom. He is secure in the
knowledge that he can buy extra tools and books in
which to master the skills of his particular trade.
This coupled with the opportunity, tools and machin-
ery afforded him by the specific prison can give him
a mental security and sense of well being.

The many photographs scattered throughout this
article are not before and after pictures of comple-
tion. They are shown to give those concerned an idea
of the development and re-evaluation of the practical
ideas of progress in action. These are pictures of this
institution and its steps in forming a better and more
productive type of work program. Sometimes the
changes are so slight as to be lost in the total image
of the complete picture. It cannot, however, erase
the soul inspiring thought that opportunities are be-
ing given. One of the main drawbacks in practically
every prison stressing modern ideas is the subjection
of inmates to menial and non-educational types of
labor. These are the jobs that require the personal
cleanliness of the prison, that they serve a good pur-
pose is understandable. The cleanliness of the prison
is all important to the health of the men residing
within. Even these individuals must not be led to
believe that their tasks are useless. And their type
of labor is the end product of their evaluation of
serving time. The science of eudazemonies (Philosophy
of happiness) can also be applied here. The happiness
of man in labor is the individuals feelings about the
specific task he is performing daily. In the world out-
side, this is a point highly stressed.

Many prisons are faced with an over-population
problem. The need to expand industry or reduce the
number of men is a point of consideration. Despite
these hindrances, an attempt to keep the vocational
programs at a steady pace has been rewarding.

One of the greatest problems that confronts prison
personnel today is the so-called short timer. The man
who has maybe 1 to 2 years to serve. The time needed
to train and educate these men is insufficient in re-
eards to the qualifications needed for jobs on the out-
side. There are different points of view regarding
this problem. Many persons seem to think, “If the
particular person has only the minute criminal tend-
encies that is a prerequisite to shorter sentences, then
he must have a higher degree of incentive than his
criminal compatriots.”

This is nonsensical. Illustrative is the case of Mr.
X who in three short years (1947 to 1950) had been
arrested 18 times and sentenced on every oceasion to
one large city prison. This was of course a county
prison which specializes in 30 days to 3 year sen-
tences. The need to acquaint these men with a type
of labor program and education is quite acute as in
the state prisons. When you realize that thousands
of men inhabit these county prisons then you realize
the importance of the situation. It is only a short step
from 30 days to 30 years.

A few years ago one of the prisons located in
the Philadelphia area had only a farm job activity
and practically no skilled labor in operation. The
only exception was the small craft work the men did
in their cells. This was the only type of work in
which the men received remunerative values (Pay)
for their efforts. It was very difficult to transcend
this obstacle to Modern Penology. Lack of space was
one of the justifiable reasons, and complacency on the
part of prison administrators was the unjustifiable
reason. With the advent of time and more intelligent
reasoning this is being corrected. The progress isn’t
as great as it could be, but all things considered—it
has been an enlightening process. The prisons built
in the 19th century were designed mainly to keep the
men locked up and localized within one specific area
of the prison. That conditions can be improved can 

Top right picture was taken of Eastern’s first print
shop at the beginning of the Century. In contrast is
shown how this simple shop has grown into a com-
plex plant. First the copy is given to the linotypist,
pictured in the top left, from there the copy and
type go to the compositors, also in the same picture.
The next step is locking up and transfer to the press-
room; middle and bottom left photo’s. Finally the
form is printed on one of the thirteen presses that
range from a small Job Press to the Double “O”.

Photo of old Bake Shop shows the
type of oven then in use. In contrast
the two modern revolving ovens in the
middle picture are capable of turning
out twice as many products in half the
time.

Below: Eastern’s newest industry,
the Dental Shop, attends the needs of
all state-supported institutions in the
supplying of dental work, new and re-
pair.

be attested to by many small prisons that have under-
went a redevelopment process making way for the
brighter changes of the 20th century.

There is an important point that may seem out of
context with this particular article, but definitely
needs to be stated. Informal conversations with pris-
oners serving long sentences have disclosed the follow-
ing thoughts. ‘‘The inability to put their newly ac-
quired skills in practical use outside is a problem of
great concern. The length of their sentences and the
uncertainty of them literally dampened their con-
structive desires.’’ One prisoner aptly stated that,
“It is very difficult after ten and fifteen years of
study and practical labor not to be recognized, and
given a chance to apply it on the outside. The years
of long incarceration dims a man’s enthusiasm. He
begins to wonder if the time spent poring over end-
less books is worth the effort. Especially when age
seems to be such an important factor in the hiring of
help in outside labor.’’ This is only a brief portion
of the total thoughts expressed. However they pre-
sent an opinion that lends emphasis to prison labor.
Labor can only be as strong as the men performing
it. The most distressing part of prison labor is the
failure of outside agencies to co-ordinate their efforts
toward giving the prisoner a chance to execute his
newly acquired skills. The important question that
should be directed to the individual is, can he do the
job? This question is thought of by the employer if
the man is just out of high school, college or any in-
stitute of learning. Does it really matter where he
acquired his skill if it fits the particular need of the
employers business? All too often the man is evalu-
ated in retrospect. This type of evaluation is fine for
the psychologist and psychiatrist who must study the
man as a sum total. It is slightly below the employers
reasoning to employ men on such a bias basis. We are
well aware of the many persons in society who are
intelligent and liberal minded enough to understand
the importance of skilled labor regardless of site of
acquirement. To these individuals go a vote of thanks
and accomplishment.

A learned man of law stated in an article to this
magazine sometime ago the following words: ‘‘Thus
within the limitations imposed upon such officials by
an “‘Enlightened’’ public a part time job is all that
ean be offered—(In prison). But upon release from
prison the inmate is expected to go forth and work
a full 40 hour week in accordance with his parole
plan. He may well be physically able to work such
hours but is he mentally conditioned for it? I think
not.”

This personage’s general opinion seems to be that,
years of part time labor detracts from the willingness
of inmates mentally to fulfill a 40 hour job week in
society. I am not fully in accord with this gentle-
man’s opinions. Labor is a function not designed for
materialistic values only. It is the practical results
of man’s great ability to think and hence to create.
This is a semi-instinctive reaction which can be noted
in the early infantile behavior of children. The will-
ineness, desire and liking for the specific task should
surmount the time element. Of course there are limi-
tations in all things. Even the human body’s produe-
tive and functional processes cannot continue cease-
lessly, so the time limit in hours are measured accord-
ingly. If the particular individual does not have the
incentive for labor in prison then 1 hour is too much
for this specific type in socicty. The great strides
made within this institution in the last 7 years voca-
tionally and academically is proof of the adjusting
qualities of man. Man does not always reeognize
constructive changes for the values they represent.
In prison labor we must acquaint the man with the
basic fundamentals in order to qualify him for overall
practical use in society. The idea of adjustment is
not a new process in the prisoner’s life. When
stricken from society he is forced to adjust to an ab-
normal environment. He adjusts to regimentation
and persons not of his own choosing. If he cannot
adjust himself to 3 or 4 hours extra (The regular 8
hour work day) then he has suffered a great catas-
trophic reversal. Then he has only deluded himself
in thinking he has reached a state of rehabilitation.

The environment of prison though seemingly not
a place conducive to creativity is in reality an insti-
tute of learning in its may facets of definition. There
are, of course, going to be comparisons of the indi-
vidual labor programs within the individual prisons.
Many prisons are large and more adequately equip-
ped with the tools and facilities of the commercial
trade. Of course the size of any institution should
not limit its ability to provide the men with decent
and adequate labor conditions within any prison. One
of the many questions asked by the prisoner’s family
is, “‘ What type of work are you doing?’’ It is asked
in many ways but the overall meaning is still loud
and clear. Is the particular institution giving the
particular man the particular job to suit his partieu-
lar needs? The outlook for prison labor seems to be
progressing. It is far from what it should be but by
the same token, far from what it has been. Many of
society’s great minds realize that the man in prison
is a productive organizm which must be nurtured and
molded in a skilled and creative individual, ready to
step out into the outside world’s productivity.
