---
id: "702"
title: "A Short Survey of Our Nations Prison Labor Conditions"
author: "Hallowell, William K. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Short Survey
of Our Nations
Prison Labor Conditions

by
William K. Hollawell

In a quickie poll of thirty-two State and Fed-
eral prisons, we asked six questions that we thought
would be indicative of the progress our nation is
making in the field of vocational programming.
While it is not a thorough survey, it does show a
trend toward more progressive programs.

1. Are there any special programs devoted to vo-
cational training in your instituton?

Seventy-one percent of our answers were in the
affirmative. However, the programs in over two-
thirds of these institutions were composed of on-the-
job training in such occupations as tag plants, mat-
tress factories, small print shops, etc. Two institu-
tions, the California State Prison at Folsom and the
Indiana State Prison, have inaugurated training pro-
grams that are modern in conception. Folsom is
adopting the widely used method of outside plants,
in which the potential worker is screened by the use
of aptitude tests which measure capabilities, desires,
etc. These same tests are used in Eastern to a minor
degree, influencing the assignment of men to the
prison industries. While a number of tests are avail-
able, the two most suited for prisons seem to be the
Flannigan Aptitude Battery and the Kuder Pre-
ference Test. Indiana is constructing a special vo-
cational building which will be equipped with up-to-
date machinery and staffed by competent instruct-
ors. Approximately two hundred men a year will be
trained in the mechanical vocations.

2. Is your mechanical equipment up-to-date?

Slightly over fifty percent considered their
equipment satisfactory.

We were particularly pleased to note that our South-
ern prisons, generally noted for their hammer and
rock-pile type of labor, were not only catching up
to the others but in some instances have passed
them. George and Florida were two of the states
whose progress we think most notable in the vo-
cational field. On the other hand, one of our East-
ern states, noted for recent reforms in law, reported
that their equipment is close to antique.

3. Are your industries making a profit, self-sup-
porting, or state-aided?

Surprisingly, eighty percent of our state pris-
ons show a profit, while the remainder are self-
supporting. None received aid from the state.
Feredal prisons were far in front of others in profit
making industies, with one of them showing a two
million dollar figure on the black side of the ledger.
All of this was turned back to the government.

4. Does your institution receive any technical aid
from outside? (Such as vocational teachers, advis-
ors, etc. )

A unanimous answer of yes was given to this
query, although several replies added that the tech-
nical aid given was in the form of supervisors em-
ployed by the institution. One prison has the ad-
vantage of close cooperation with the local unions
who provide free instruction from men in their
organization. The merit of this plan is evident as it
also enables the union to ascertain his ability to
handle the job.

The Illinois State Prison not only employs super-
visors, but has professors from the Southern Illinois
University conducting classes in theory, with written
examinations, along with on-the-job training man-
datory for a certificate of completion of course.

5. Do your institutional authorities go along with
the vocational program by supplying parole or par-
don recommendations for men who have accquired
their skills in your prison?

In asking this question, we were trying to de-
termine if any special recommendations were in-
serted in the inmates dossier. Naturally, a man’s
work record is included when he applies for release,
but all too often these are not indicative of whether
the man is sincere in his efforts or just doing-a-job.
The answers received varied so widely that we
would not have enough space to do them justice if
we used the whole issue.

The majority of them did admit that there were no
special recommendations, but all agreed that their
parole and pardon boards considered a special skill
a major factor in their decisions.

6. Are your industries allowed to compete with
outside labor or do the laws of your state prohibit
your products from the open market?

None of the institutions polled, were allowed
to compete with outside labor and, while they could
bid for state work, we found none that used the
state-use system.
