---
id: "703"
title: "The Structure of Success"
author: "Stocker, Robert A. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Structure of Success
by
Robert A. Stocker

There is an old saw about three blind men who
were taken to "see" an elephant for the first time.
The first blind man, using his hands as eyes, grasped
one of the beast’s thick legs, the second man reach-
ed out and took hold of the animal's large ears,
while the third ran his hands over the trunk. When
asked later what the elephant resembled, the first
man declared that the animal was shaped like a
tree trunk, the second took issue with this answer
and insisted that the elephant was similar to a cab-
bage leaf, while the last of the trio ridiculed both
pictures and swore that the beast was a snake of
some sort.

Each, of course, was wrong in his description,
and even if we were to assemble their descriptions,
we would still not have a full picture of the elephant
for they had all overlooked the animal’s body. In
trying to get a picture of prison labor, we are much
in the position of the man who asked what the ele-
phant resembled. Three distinct groups are ready to
answer the question; society, the inmate, and the
institutions. Each though, have their own views,
touching on minor points of prison labor, and all
ignoring the “body.”

The average institution regards its inmate la-
bor as something to keep the inmate busy and out of
mischief; considering the possibility of constructve-
ness as an added bonus. The inmate tends to view
it as something that will pass the time away, enable
himself to earn tobacco money, and perhaps, as a
useful vocation upon release. The outside world—
society— looks upon productive institutional em-
ployment as a threat to both manufacturer and free
labor. All three have failed to see the whole picture.

The labor performed by our institutional in-
mates can be an asset to the community, the insti-
tution, and the inmate, provided iit is carefully
controlled, and respected. Until these last few years,
prison labor has consisted of road gangs, license
plate factories, and small plants that filled some of
the needs of the institution that contained them.
With the advance of penology we now know that an
adequate vocational program is as much a part of
treatment as are therapy and education. Yet, these
enlightened views are useless without direct appli-
cation by the three groups mentioned. Incorporating
the major points of the preceding articles, we can
lay the foundation for a successful vocational struc-
ture if each group will make the following contribu-
tions:

SOCIETY

LEGISLATION — To be effective, a voca-
tional program must have some form of on-the-job
training, and aside from those trades that are used
within the institution, (i.e. Electrician, Plumber,
Baker, etc.) this will mean a product. Obviously we
cannot stock-pile these manufactured goods, and
again, we cannot allow the prisons to compete in the
open market. The only acceptable solution would
be laws making mandatory the purchase of these
articles by state-supported institutions when pos-
sible.

TECHNICAL AID — While the institution
may employ supervisors in its shops, these men can-
not give full attention to the instruction of the men
under their guidance nor can they find the time to
teach theory, or for that matter, give written exam-
inations. Therefore, we must have more people
willing to give of their spare time in the assisting of
these supervisors. Such arrangements have been
sucessful in several states.

EMPLOYMENT — The greatest problem con-
fronting the prisoner, who is eligible for release, is
the finding of employment. Too often the prospec-
tive employer refuses to hire a man, not because of
his record, but because they have no faith in the
ability of prison-trained men. These employers
should acquaint themselves with the prison pro-
grams in their states before making such judgement.

THE INMATE

ATTITUDE — Without the proper attitude on the
part of the inmate, there is no sense in instituting a
program. It is useless for society or the institution
to say, We've provided the facilities, mechanical
equipment, etc., now go to it fellow,” as it is to
take the horse to water and expect him tc drink.
Without providing incentive, a man cannot be ex-
pected to enjoy his work. Dangling the carrot of
future employment before the inmate will spur him
to work, but it is a known fact that a man must take
pride in his labor before he becomes a competent
craftman. Higher wage scales, better working con-
ditions, a wider choice of occupations and able in-
structors are signs to the inmate that his attempts at
improvement are receiving the recognition they
deserve.

APTITUDE — There should be a wider use
of tests to determine a man’s potential than we have
seen to date. In some institutions there is nothing
more than a haphazard placing of men that is based
on his value to the officials, the number of his friends
in strategic positions, or his own capability to talk a
good job. These tests should be administered by
capable personnel and their results strictly adhered
to as a criteria for placement.

INSIGHT — Although one of the most ma-
ligned words in the inmate's dictionary, it is still the
most important. A man must have courage to admit
to himself that there are vocations that are beyond
his capabilities, and yet, not let this be a discourage-
ment. Knowing his own potential will aid him in
directing his energies to a vocation that can insure his
remaining outside when released.

THE INSTITUTION

PLACEMENT — While we do advocate the
usage of psychological testing in determining what
employment would suit the inmate, we are also cog-
nizant of other factors. For instance, a man might
have a low, but passing aptitude in the field of elec-
tricity, yet we should not be too quick to pass him
over in favor of a higher scoring candidate, particu-
larly if he possesses the eagerness to learn while the
latter is just doing a job. Consideration of all fac-
tors must be the prime asset of a vocational director
and there should be no interference with his de-
cisions.

FACILITIES — Many vocational programs
have been stymied because of the antiquated mach-
inery they are forced to depend upon. Obviously, it
is of no value to the inmate to learn the operation of
a machine that has been thrust into obscurity by
newer models. There are several methods of pur-
chasing modern machinery that would be within the
budgets of the sums allotted: War Surplus, Bank-
ruptcy Sales, and Federal Government are a few.

Unfortunately, most states have placed the
power to purchase in other hands than those of the
Vocational Director, the logical person in whom
such powers should be vested.

INCENTIVE — The desire to work cannot
grow in any man if he does not receive the proper
encouragement. One of the weakest spots in a pris-
on program is that of remuneration. While it
would be impossible to have the inmate enjoy the
same wage scale as that of his outside counterpart,
it is possible that his wages be raised to an amount
that would enable him to save something toward his
release and still provide for the small luxuries that
give his existence meaning. While the idea of forced
banking does not have too much appeal, it is still a
necessary one.

Another form of incentive that should be ap-
plied is the recommendation of inmates to the
parole and pardon boards when they have amply
demonstrated their willingness to acquire a vocation.

More than likely we have missed a number of
points in our coverage of prison labor that should
have been included to give a complete picture.
However, this issue and all that we have read in
other writings on prison labor can be summed up
in a paragraph from a recent article by Ralph W.
England Jr. in The Prison Journal:

“With economically meaningful work, realistic
remuneration and social protection, prisoners could
discharge their obligations as members of society
while undergoing the incarceration demanded by
public sentiment. The present artificial character of
prison labor serves only to widen the gulf separating
the prisoner from the society to which he will event-
ually return.”
