---
id: "704"
title: "Profile"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
On July 24, 1954 another tragic chapter was written into the life of a man. It was on this date that Jessie Pierce was arrested on a robbery charge. The conflicting and circumstantial evidence was not relative to the guilt of this man. Yet on January 26,1955 he was brought to trial and sentenced to 7 1/2 to 15 years. Like many men who in the past have protested their innocence, he entered prison determined to prove his innocence. For five years he fought his way through the courts to no avail. The most significant thing was his endeavoring to legally prove himself emotionally and educationally as well.

The first of his constructive endeavors was his contacting the prison psychologist to have a series of talks with him. His aim was to gain an emotional insight into the problem of his being here and especially about himself.

Since being incarcerated he has embarked on a field of Building Construction and Architectural Engineering. This is not a comparatively new field for him. He was engaged in the building trade on a small scale prior to his arrest. His great desire was exemplified by his purchasing from his meager earnings in prison many books. In 1957 a school was startedin the institution dedicated to the study of the Building and Architectural trade. Jesse promptly enrolled and under the tutleage of Mr. Lee Welling has progressed to the point of being appointed assistant to the instructor. Jesse believes that, "His greatest stimulation in a difficult course such as this has been Mr. Wellings deep faith and belief in the men he teachers." His ambition for the future is to continue this training and work on the outside. 

Another of his achievements in prison has been the study of music theory. He is becoming proficient in the playing of the saxophone and guitar. 

For a man who feels he was unjustly sentenced he not let it be a deterrent to constructive deeds. He said, "In the first years of my incarceration it was difficult to adjust to this closed life. I was determined not to let it be a stumblign block in the way of my progres. My family through their faith in me has inspired me to overcome any prison stigma by my achievements."

There comes a time when a man has to look life in the face and say, "Where am I headed?" This is the age of understanding that Jesse Pierce has reached. With a goal in mind and an incentive to carve a better future with a determined and optimistic outlook. 

This is the profile of a man who has reached the summit of life with a clearer understanding of his obligations to society and himself. 

By Thomas Williams
