---
id: "705"
title: "The Relation of Man and Work"
author: "WASHINGTON, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Relation
of
Man and Work

Rev. Paul Washington
Episcopal Chaplain

Today I see man’s relationship to work from three
different angles:

1. Those who need work, any kind of work, in
order that they can survive. (I know some fellows
whom you may know, and they would consider them-
selves rich to earn thirty dollars a week.)

2. Those who are securely employed who demand
more and more at the end of each contract, regardless
of whether they earn one hundred dollars a week or
forty-thousand dollars a year.

3. Those who consider work to be as necessary
toward a helpful life as eating or loving and being
loved, and they pray that from their work’s they will
again be able to sufficiently meet the financial de-
mands which they must face.

Jesus told what we know of today as “the Parable
of the Laborers in the Vineyard.” A man met some
men in the market place at six a.m. and entered into
a contract with them to work in his vineyard for a
penny (17 cents) a day. They agreed and went to
work.

He met a second group at nine a.m. and made no
fixed contract but promised them fair compensation.

He called others to work at noon, and finally the
last group one hour before quitting time.

At six p.m. all of the men were called to receive
their pay; the first group received the seventeen cents
which they were promised, but he gave all of the
others the same amount, even those who only worked
one hour. Some were fit to be tied, and I guess you
know who.

The Master was trying to say that all who wanted
to work should have this opportunity; and all should
receive enough to live on.

All men are expected to work for a living, but be-
cause of individual differences and the particular and
peculiar circumstances of each, the quality as well
as the quantity of work done by each will be dif-
ferent; but for everyone who offers the best of him-
self, he should reeeive enough to meet the basic needs
of his life.

To those who employ, He says: look upon the work-
man as a human being, not as a “thing,” to be used,
to be evaluated as an economic commodity. Look
upon him as a human being who wants to live, and
help him to live.

A man cannot be paid what he is worth. He and his
work are one. His work is his life. But every man
has his needs. Therefore, let the man who works,
work for the common good; and those who employ
do so for the same reason, herein lies the brother-
hood of man to man.
