---
id: "706"
title: '"Man is Born to Labor and the Birds to Fly." (Job V-7)'
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
"Man is Born to
Labor and the Birds
to Fly." (Job V-7)

Father John J. McHugh
Catholic Chaplain

Prior to the fall of Adam and Eve, work was only
a relaxation for man. But after the fall, God said to
Adam, “In the sweat of thy face, thou shalt eat bread,
until thou return to the earth out of which thou wert
taken.” (Genesis 111-19)

As the law of work was laid upon Adam in Para-
dise by God as an expiation of his faults, all who
work do the will of God, and performs an act that is
pleasing to Him. Work has a bitter root, but the fruit
it bears is sweet. The idler finds his time long and is
a burden to himself, whereas the industrious is con-
tented and cheerful.

It has frequently been stated that idleness is the
curse of most prisons. Because it helps them to do
“time” better, most prisoners want to work. Unfor-
tunately, labor unions, manufacturers. and security
regulations restrict the opportunity for a prison ad-
ministration to provide “on the job” type of training
that would be beneficial to an inmate. But despite the
limited facilities and the fact that there is not enough
constructive work for everyone, many inmates are
being taught proper work habits. They have come to
a realization that if they are to take their place in a
competitive society they must be better equipped.
This is especially true in the educational field as
evidenced by the number of those who attend the
school. Also in creative activity, as in the craft shops,
the art and journalism classes, many have displayed
talents of which they were unaware.

Prisoners are people and in keeping with their dig-
nity, should have ample opportunity to improve
themselves. Those in charge have an obligation to
encourage education and the positive value of work
as a therapeutic tool. Much has been done in this di-
rection but the situation is far from ideal. It is up to
the public to aecept penal institutions not only as
places of punishment and confinement, but as instru-
ments for improvement and rehabilitation.
