---
id: "708"
title: "The Sports Desk"
author: "Welty, John J. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0029.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
John J. Welty
Sports Editor

Alvin Young
Assoc. Editor

The Sports Desk

Several months ago the President of the United States gave an address in
which he expressed concern over the physical condition of the American
people, particularly the younger generation. It may be that Mr. Kennedy has
unwittingly revealed the reason behind the recent surge of juvenile delin-
quency. While the maxim, “‘a healthy body and a healthy mind,”’ is slightly
worn, it still has merit. Nowhere is this more evident than in penitentiary life.
In this abnormal existence of suppressed hungers, there are too few outlets for
the toxious influences that threaten both mind and body. Certainly a con-
centrated program of vocational, educational, and psychological training
would help serve the purpose of keeping the mind engaged, but this usage of
mental energy does not provide the saftey-valve for the physical tensions that
are a product of our environment. The field of sports equips the body with
the ingredients for the anti-toxins necessary to combat the over abundance of
frenetic energy that is generated by the long hours of inactivity in a cell and
compounded by the absence of human relationships.

Unfortunately, legislation has been slow in recognizing that mind and body
are inseparable, and, while measures have been passed to insure adequate
mental guidance, there have been few endorsements of proposals to provide
our States institutions with comparable plans for athletic plants.

The rallying cry of the opponents to such measures seems to be, “down
with country clubs.’’ A small amount of reasoning would show there is no
similarity between the connotation ‘‘Country Club” and a penitentiary. Again
there is a possibility that an over-emphasized sports program would only
serve to pass time for the inmate, leaving him with no vocational aptitude
upon release. However the harmonious union of the Athletic, Vocational, and
Educational departments, within the institution, would serve to circumvent
this possibility.

Since our last issue, Eastern has seen the transfer of one of its most versatile
and likable athletes, William Hollowell, known more familiarly to the sport-
ing fraternity and his many other friends as Billy. Whatever the game—from
the fun filled three-legged and sack races of a Fourth of July holiday to the
more serious and demanding games of football and softball,—Billy played
“alll out.”

Amazingly, for an institution such as this, his accomplishments on the field
of sports were unaccompanied by the usual sour grapes of jealous competitors
or beaten opponents. For his. personality was such that his triumphs seemed a
rightful reward for his healthy attitude toward whatever game he was playing,
and, in fact, life in general.

The surprising thing was that Billy was not a big man in physical stature,
nor were his actions lightning fast. His athletic abilities were the product of
patience and practice. He had the only type of ambition that counts, initiative
coupled with perseverance and the sense to know that a thing worth doing is
worth doing well. This quality should stand him in good stead when he is
finally returned to society.

John J. Welty
