---
id: "709"
title: "Around the Yard or Who's Who in Sports"
author: "Gudacker, Danny"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0030.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Around the Yard or Who's Who im Sports

by Dannny Gudacker

On a little patch of grass, the nine block lawn,
several hardy souls are doing the maneuvers known
as gymnastics. Leading the tumblers is little Nick
the Greek, with Stan Moroz, and Tony Romano
doing back flips all over the green. Dave Gibbs,
Jim Cook and Dick Williams are also making like
bouncing balls.

Ten paces to the right and a group of elder states-
man turn their backs on such happenings and con-
centrate on the domino stones. Ol’ Noisey Baker
puts his luck on the line when playing against such
upstarts as Mike Smith, Paul Rhine, and Gus De-
Moss. Reds Lehman is content to watch and kibitz.
Stumbling over the chess tables and Marty Pearson,
we hit the nine block court. Prominent person-
alitys on this block of cement answer to the names
of Charley Dion, Sonny Broadhead, Frankie the
Count, and Willie Winters. While these athletes
swat the little ball back and fourth, a sideline crew
of Frank Smith, Bo Breaker, Jim Fleming, Lester
Bromberg and Ed. Brewer give encouragement in
the form of bronx cheers. Usually keeping score,
and very nearsightedly, is Jim White and Whitney
Rosensweig.

On the Italian scene, the bocci courts, are such
fine pisanos as Little Stosh, Big Nose Eddy, Knobby,
Winkler, Andy, and Peppers.
Notice the quiet reserve with which they scream.
More secluded in their views are Mike Hudak, Jim-
my Nails and Barkley. The judicious one, Greb, is
on hand to settle disputes, while Walter Davis puts
in his time looking for fish. Organizing the games
we have Marshall Peppers, genial M.C. Lou keeps
the court in tip-top shape besides playing one of the
better games of bocci. Insuring a supply of players
we welcome J. D. Ditters and Bob Mangini back to
the wall.

Moving past the members of the two block Au-
dubon Society, headed by Library Joe, we hit the
three block handball court. Paul Henry, Stonewall,
Bernard, Paul Smith, Reds, Jewels, and Jack are
the members of this tough court. Built on a slant
and tucked in a corner, its a wonder how these cats
can move.

The Volleyball court in back of the storehouse
has so many players that it would require a tele-
phone directory to list them. Big George Saunders
is one of the past masters of this game and certainly
Bottle-neck Smith, Hubert, Hooks, and Cleve de-
serve mention for the enthusiasm they put into the
game.

A stone throw away from the volleyball court is
the five block handball oasis where some of the
institutions best players put on a display. Leonard
Massey, Ed. Wallace, Pitts, Foots, and Big Mac are
some of the regulars. Lucky Jackson, Nick Nickens,
Sandy, Boy Blue Parcell, Brutus, Chick,
Sansom, Dave Croxton, and Sandy are also
fighting for the number one spot as King
of Handball. With five block court being
represented in the handball finals for three
straight years these have to be some tough
players.

On the horse-shoe court Ol’ Percy is still
treating the others with malice as his aim
proves unerring. Stan, Johnny Downs and
Little Micketish are among the host of play-
ers trying to end his domain.

A little further on and its grunt and groan
time as we make the weight courts. Tommy
Brabazon is aiming for rookie of the year
with every pound he presses while Chuck
Gindle is still the best little man to hit the
york scene. Big John still looks impressive
and Bob Solomone lifts enough for two
men. Johnny Bowers acts like there’s no
such thing as age. Eddie Miller, Walt
Young, and Cowboy Barnes are coming on
strong for next years field events. Doc
Woodhouse knows the best medicine is a
strong body and keeps pressing those
weights while John Grandy is right up with
him and doesn’t miss a day. Frank, Little
Joe, J.M.P. Kelly, and Dennis the Menace
are showing a big improvement. Dave
Gibbs is expected to give Bill Archy a run
for the roses in the middleweight division
next year.

Bob Medina is still reigning as King of
the seven block handball court, but Blackie
Battles is thinking of coming out of retir-
ment and who knows. Joe Antoniweicz still
has a tough line shot while Ray Thompson
and a few others are pressing for honors.

Before we come to the seven block court
there’s a sort of no-mans land where knights
of the Spanish Checkers boards do their
jousting. George Wallace, Charlie Terry
and Mike Hudak take turns dumping each
other and the taunts they throw about are
more ferocious than their play.

Bill Daly, Don McGinley and a few
others have settled on the sport of debating
for their special sport and can deliver opini-
ons on any subject available.

Down in the corner, the Eight block court is see-
ing a passing of Champs as Mike Connelly and Joe
Corvi are growing old gracefully.

Brocklyn Louie Telese is still running hard, while
Jimmy Ryder, a speed demon, Bob Penell, and
Frank Sisak are making their move to take over the
number one rating. Swifty Almedia and Spence
Walden refuse to be left out of the competition, but
those gray hairs aren't exactly premature. Still ex-
perience might compensate for youth because hand-
ball on this court is rugged. Like, ouch, my finger-
nails. Later.
