---
id: "71"
title: "How Good Are Prison Athletes?"
author: "White, H. L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A PENAL PRESS REPRINT

How Good Are Prison Athletes ?

Do prisoners perform as well under adverse
conditions? Do they play the game with the
same enthusiasm as they do outside,
or do they merely go through the motions?

DEBATERS WOULD TAKE this question
apart, word for word, adjective for adjective, and
tear the noun plural all to pieces. Yet, word-
splitters, long winded orators, and cynics are not
qualified to answer the question, for they do not
know the men of whom they speak.

One must look past the drab uniforms of the
prisoners and find the men who wear them.

Who are the athletes and from where do they
come?

They are men, plain men, with hope, love, hate
and unfulfilled ambitions. They are like anyone
else, and they come from everywhere.

Talent scouts, those well-paid men who travel
extensively, would have to go on a journey from
far north, to far south, from Portland east to
Portland west and back again many times, before
they could find a more varied, skilled and ambi-
tious group of athletes as are assembled in every
reformatory and prison.

These places are filled with ball-players. Some
of them could, with training and understanding,
develop and climb to the pedestal of success. They
are no different from other worshippers of the
great game of baseball. They are just as temper-
mental, just as boisterious, just as proud, and
just as good as many of the major and minor
league players of today.

Weight lifters are plentiful in almost any prison.
These artists of the dumb bells and jungle bars
take their exercises and training more seriously
perhaps, than do any other group of athletes. Any
day, rain, snow or shine, they will be found pulling,
lifting, and struggling to make their bodies more
beautiful until they develop into what Shaw once
called the ‘‘human man.’’

Judges in weight lifting contests do not question
where a man developed his muscles and physical
prowess ... only how he uses it!

Tennis players are the ‘‘social elite’’ in a prison
where tennis courts have been made available by
broad-minded officials who realize that sports have
a place in a prison system. These players strive
for perfection as they lob and drive the tennis ball
back and forth across the net. Perfection comes
from continuous practice and it matters not where
the practice is obtained.

Was baseball skill meant to be different just be-
cause a man wears prison garb instead of a finely
woven uniform ?

Are prison weights any lighter than the weights
used in the York school?

Are prison tennis courts smaller, the ball larger,
or the racquets bigger than those used in the free
world? Of course not.

How good are prison athletes? Good indeed:

Are we ego-boasting? Are we being optimistic?

We think not.

Athletes and skilled players are people that can
be developed anywhere, whether it be at some ivy-
covered alma mater or in the harsh, and often
cruel atmosphere of prison.

Are action, skill, prowess and sports, criteria of
honesty ?

We think not.

Names could be cited; names of men who left
prison and have taken a prominent place in the
world of sports, but this is not necessary. Why
give the cynics an opportunity of calling us ‘‘Name
Droppers.’’ Names are not needed to prove our
point.

The men themselves tell the story. During any
prison game there’ll be yelling, clapping of hands,
cheers and even boos. It will sound like any sport-
ing event anywhere. Fans are fans, no matter where
they are, be it prison or Brigg’s Stadium.

The prison athlete responds to the cheers like
an athlete anywhere. He extends himself a little
more. He has the feeling that someone is helping
him to win. He knows there are fans in the stands
pulling for him, and that, anywhere, is a satisfying
feeling. He has to do his very best, for after the
game he must live with his fans.

The umpires apply the same rules inside and
outside.

The prison diamond is the same size as any-
where else, and it takes just as much skill and
energy to swat the ball for a 300 foot homer.

The scorekeeper is just as stingy with the hits
and just as free with the errors as he would be
anywhere else.

Yes, there is but one conclusion, sports being
what they are, the athlete must be the same every-
where.

The prison athlete is living the moment of tri-
umph that athletes down through the centuries—
from Nero’s Circus to the Olympics—have lived,
that speck of time when man conquers strategy of
other men and the handicaps of human endurance!

An athlete is the same outside and inside.

The difference is in the cynical minds of people
who do not believe what they see.

How good are prison athletes?

How good is any athlete, anywhere?

H. L. WHITE

(Reprinted from the ‘‘ATLANTIAN’’.)
