---
id: "710"
title: "Fourth of July Field Events"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0032.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOURTH OF JULY FIELD EVENTS

The inside world of sports saw a number of new faces on the scene for the annual
Fourth of July field events, but when the dust had settled the smiles of the victors were
on just about the same faces that have worn them in the past.

With so many types of contests, the events were given an early start with several
elimination rounds being held on the eve of the fourth, and when morning rolled
around the program was in high gear.

As anticipated the track tests were a personal duel between “Big Shakey’’ Young and
Elmo ‘‘Nick’’ Nickens. These two were given a run for their money in the elimination
rounds by speedsters such as Billy Hollowell, Dave Crockett, Ernest Jackson, Little Hea-
vy, George McFeat, Ray Thompson, Jimmy White, Billy Gardner, Al Shep, and others.

However in the finals of the hundred yard dash Shakey managed to
stave off Nick’s onslaught for first place while two other survivors of
the elimination rounds, Ed Wallace and Ernest “Lucky” Jackson came
in a close third and fourth.

The 220 saw Shakey repeating his stretch drive as he again snatched
victory from the fleet-footed Nickens. Eddie Dennis and Billy Holley
provided the pressure on the leaders and came in third and
fourth.

In the shot put, a perennial winner, Dave Croxton, let the
other contestants draw the admiration of the crowd with lengthy
practice heaves and then calmly walked off with the champion-
ship title still in his grasp. “Big Lou’’ finished second while Nick-
ens was a surprising third. Fourth place was taken by George
Reid.

Denied victory in the dashes and shot-put, Nick found the low
hurdles more to his taste and blazed to
victory. Close behind, Turk Beatty bet-
tered Ed Wallace for second place while
Al Shep had used up all his energy in the
two elimination rounds and was content
with fourth place money.

The high jump found the “Big D,”
Donnie Wise, again defeating a host of
contenders and retaining his crown.

In a more quiet event, Marshall Pep-
pers, knocked off seven challengers
in consecutive order and was crown-
ed King of the Boccie courts. Little
Heavy was a surprise second while
John Gemberling came in third and
Stosh placed fourth. The doubles
contest in Boccie gave Peppers
the chance to add more luster to
his title and he was up to the chal-
lenge as he and Earlon Sell won
several hard fought matches, to
come home first. Second place
was taken by Stosh and Gember-
ling.

While the track fans were root-
ing their favorites on, the devot-
ees of the weights were silently
urging on their own champions.

The lightweight division had a
new champion as Charley Gin-
dles three Olympic lifts totaled
545 lbs. fifteen over that of his
nearest rival Eddie Dennis who
amassed a sum (cont. page 31)
of 530 Ibs. In third place was Jim Cook. Cookie’s
lifts totaled 510 lbs.

In the middleweight division, William Archy’s
combined efforts gave him a total of 570 lbs. Five
more than second place Dave Gibbs whose efforts
came to 565. Harry Zeitz captured third place with
550) lbs.

The lightheavy weight ranks saw a display of
power as Bob Solomone averaged 234 lbs. on each
of his lifts for a grand total of 70214 lbs. Runner
up was Francis McLauglin who sported a total of
680 lbs.

The heavyweight crown was given to “Big John”
Janaski who had no competition and lifted a total
of 540 lbs. The lifts were no indication of John’s
capabilities and it is to be hoped that next year there
will be more heavyweights on hand to pace him.

Meanwhile three block field was the scene of
joviality as the Sack race got underway. With a
couple of dozen entries two heats had to be ar-
ranged. Hopping to victory in the first heat Leon-
ard Massey edged out Nickens while ‘‘Irish’’ finished
third. The second heat had Jimmy White finding
victory in the bag while Turk shipped in second and
Billy Hollowell was a hard luck third.

In the next event Hollowell did gain a victory as
he and Ray Thompson galloped to first place in the
horse and rider contest. Ernest Jackson and Billy
Holley finished second while Earl Brown and Bob
Cullen loped in third ahead of Frank Bordner and
Jim Cook.

The afternoon wheelbarrow race was a team
effort for Dave Croxton and Al Shep who finished
first. Turk and Massey placed second while Ray
and lrish were third. Jassey and Chico took fourth.
