---
id: "711"
title: "The Cuban Softball League"
author: "Young, Alvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0033.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE CUBAN SOFTBALL LEAGUE
By
Alvin Young

James S. Thompson   Commissioner
Fletcher Gilyard   Chief Umpire
David Brinkly   Official Scorer

As predicted by your Echo reporter, when the
season first opened, Croxton’s Giants ran away with
the pennant flag for the second year ina row. ‘The
rest of the league was very well balanced once
Detroit came up with a steady pitcher.

For an analysis of the first half, let’s take a look
at each team and its personnel in their order of fin-
ish.

The Giants — Dave Croxton, Owner Mgr.
William Sampson  C.F.     Charley Whiting   1b
C. Holland         2b     Francis Murphy    1b
Jake Buck          3b     Junior Creditt   S.F.
Karl Thornton     L.F.    Ernest Jackson   R.F.
Earl Brown          P     W. Wilson          C
Dave Wilder         P     Charles C. Clark L.F.
             Freddy Adams    R.F.

The key to the Giants phenomenal pennant drive
was not paralyzing power at the plate, but brilliant
defense, team spirit and the bewildering array of
pitches thrown by those aces of the mound, Dave
(The Iron Man) Wilder and Earl Brown. The
Iron Man still possesses the power to throw aspirins
past the batters while Earl has developed a tantaliz-
ing curve that has baffled the best of Eastern’s hit-
ters.

Behind the plate, W. Wilson, (Arkansas) has the
weaknesses of the opposing batters down to a sci-
ence and also wields a powerful bat of his own.
Another of Croxton’s game winning gimmicks is the
platooning of players in key positions. The initial
sack has two players of equal ability sharing honors.
Charley Whiting is a fine glove man while Francis
Murphy can come up with that long ball. C. Hol-
land is cat-like in his playing of second base and at
the plate is an artist in the technique of getting on
base. The shortstop position is the private concern
of Croxton and his workman like job sets a fine ex-
ample for the rest of the team. An old friend of the
Echo sports pages, Jake Buck, the Giant stellar third
baseman, is equally adept at hitting or gloving hot
line drives.

Much of the Giants success must be credited to a
hit-proof outfield combination. The left field zone
is patrolled by Karl Thornton and any ball hit his
way is considered ‘‘down the well.’’ Center field is
the domain of William Sampson who has the speed
to cover his own territory and also back up the other
fielders. Ernest (Lucky) Jackson has been given
custody of right field and is miserly when it comes
to giving up a hit in his section. Junior Creditt al-
ternates between the short-field and catching chores.

A strong bench features Salty Powell, a clutch
pinch-hitter, the fine glove of C. C. Clark, and one
of the best infielders around, Freddy Adams.

The Falcons — Joe McNair, Owner and Gen. Mgr.
             Elijah Shep, Mer.
             Jesse Young, Coach
W. Green         S.F.    Danny Gundaker  L.F.
W. Perry          3b     C. Pitts         1b
Harry Zeitz      S.S.    Jake Welty       1b
William Smith      P     John Wheeler     2b
Don McGinley     C.F.    Sonya Mays        C
Norman Pearson   C.F.    R. Lander         C
             Joseph Crane   C

The Falcons — Possessors of immeasurable po-
tential, the Falcons were hit hard by illness, injury
and institutional transfers. Toughest blow of all
came when G.I. Joe McNair, Falcon general manag-
er, was hospitalized as a series of crucial games were
coming up. Another bad break was the transfer of
Billy Hollowell to Rockview.

Leading the Falcons attack was Bill (No No)
Smith who captured the imagination of the fans
with his repertoire of fancy pitches and indominable
spirit. Behind the plate, Sonny Mays kept the op-
posing base-runners honest with a rifle-like throw to
second. Sonny was also the Falcons big stick and
led the league in total fourbaggers. First base was
a weak spot and cost this team several games. In
an attempt to plug the dyke Shep moved from
third and played first himself. However, this was
only a partial remedy as Shep was definitely the best
third sacker on the Falcons and left that position
weak. Bill Perry moved into the vacancy and while
he did a fine job it was too late as the Falcons were
too far back to overtake the leaders.
the infield was strong as Harry Zeitz did an excel-
lent job at shortstop, while John Wheeler held down
the second base sack with the authority of experi-
ence. In the outfield Danny Gundaker was very
poised for a rookie and held his own at the plate.
With the addition of Rocky Landers, the catchers
job was eased somewhat and Sonny Mays was put
into left field. Rocky did a good job in keeping up
the standard that Mays had set.
given to Don McGinley who was obtained in a trade
with Detroit and Big Don gave it all he had to nail
down a starting spot. Norman Pearson, looked
like his old self in short field where he covered more:
ground than some of his younger counterparts. Norm
alee had a fine stick and broke up at least one ball
game with a timely shot through the hole. Two
more examples of ‘‘too late’’ were Jake Welty and
C. Pitts. Both of these men joined the team late in
the season and had their bats been on hand sooner
a lot of applecarts could have been upset. Backing
up the pitching of No No was Willie Green who has
a fine fast ball and should develop into a pitcher of
note should he remain in these parts.

The Braves — E. Roberson, Owner, Coach
Fred Jordan, Mgr.
Art Pfrommer   S.F.    I. Carmine   L.F.
Joe Massanova  S.F.    Rob Watson     C
Juan Llonos    C.F.    H. Owens     R.F.
Tom Brawner     1b     F. Bordner    2b
           Dave Gibbs   S.F.

With a perennial twenty game winner, Shorty
Jordan, on the mound, things were looking good for
the Braves at the start of the season. However, the
team ran into a hitting slump and they got off to a
late. start. Jordan not only retained his “‘riser’’
from last year but also added a new pitch, a slow
ball. His battery mate, Rob Watson, played heads-
up ball and between the two of them they had en-
emy batters cutting at air. One of the old timers of
Easterns sport wars, Tom (Heads) Brawner, held
down first base and was as tricky as a fox at the
plate. If first base was a problem for the other
teams, second was an even worse headache for the
Braves. Again it was a story of “‘too late’ as Jor-
dan finally secured the services of a competent
second sacker, F. Bordner. Third base was less of
a problem as Joe Massanova gave a good account
of himself both on the field and at the plate. In the
field were several good stick men, Juan Llonos, Art
Pfrommer and H. Owens. Each of these three were
capable of breaking a game open and on occasion
did.

Dave Gibbs was a late addition to the team and
was hitting a blue streak as the season ended.

lt should be mentioned that Jordan pitched the
only perfect game in the history of Eastern’s ball
fields and a game that went into extra innings to
boot. However the main deficiency of the Braves
seemed to be a defensive one. 

The Detroit Tigers — Francis McLaughlin, Owner
John Gilmore, Mgr.         C. Kulb             R.F.
John Alexander       C     M. Dickerson        C.F.
Bob Gerlack        S.S.    Francis McLaughlin  S.F.
L. Jason            1b     John Robinson         P
R. Hawkins          2b     Bob Cullen            P
William Green       3b     Bob Johnson          1b

The Detroit Tigers — The Tigers got off to a
poor beginning; losing their first six games. How-
ever, the arrival of Bob Cullen from the rookie lea-
gue gave the Tigers new impetus and for awhile they
burned up the league. The main difficulty with the
Tigers seemed to be:a lack of seriousness on several
of the players parts. Certainly they had a wealth of
material. Behind the plate, John Alexander was no
stripling but still had the agility to compete with the
youngsters in addition to having a strong hitting
game. L. Jason started the season in the outfield
but was moved to first base late in the season where
he adjusted to the change in a good manner.

R. Hawkins possessed great potential but could-
n't seem to get started. His play at second was defin-
itely not up to the calibre he was capable of, though
he still had a good stick.’ ‘The shortstop’s job was in
good hands as Bob Gerlack demonstrated his abil-
ity with the glove. Another player brought up
from the Storehouse League, Willie Green, displayed
flashes of brilliance but had some trying moments at
the plate. A little seasoning should have Willie re-
garded as one of the best. Bob Johnson was called
up to play first and turned in a splendid perform-
ance while he was around, but a trip to Graystone
Manor crimped his career. Junior gave a good ac-
count of himself: at the plate but was in for tough
luck in the field. John Gilmore took over as man-
ager and while he did a good job, might have had
better luck if he had taken out one of the regulars
and inserted himself in the line-up. Gilmore show-
ed that he still swings a mighty bat and is to be
feared at the plate. Franny McLaughlin had an
arm broken during the football season and was not
up to par but still managed to make a good showing
on the field. M. Dickerson covered an awful lot of
ground for a rookie’and will be besieged by scouts
next season. C. Harry, Ol’ Bubbles that is, proved
that he is not ready to be put out to pasture and was
a steady team man.

FOR THE RECORD

Before we sign off, Many thanks to W.P. Young
for the assistance he rendered in keeping the records
straight for the Echo. Walt’s description of the
games and players was an invaluable asset to cover-
age of the league given in this column.
