---
id: "713"
title: "Eastern League vs. The Outside"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Cullen, Robert F."
year: "1961"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "2"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1961_body0036.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Eastern League vs. The Outside
by
Bob Gullen

The Eastern All-Stars got the summer season off to
a good start by defeating a group of high school stars
under the sponsorship of Dom’s Bar. The insiders
played it elose to the vest in the first half and were
nursing a one point lead when the whistle sounded
ending the period. A change of strategy was dictated
by coach Thompson when play resumed, and the sec-
ond half saw the Easternites break the game wide
open, going into a sixteen point margin midway
through the half. The seeret weapon was a fast break
that had a big man flying down court instead of the
usual little fellow. The teenagers whittled away at
the lead during the closing moments but couldn't
quite make it as the game ended with the home team
on the front end of a 75-67 score.

For the visitors there were four men in double fig-
ures with John Hrickson, team captain, high man as
he tallied nineteen points. Tim Short contributed
thirteen markers while his brother Mike cut the cords
for eleven and Jack Foley had a total of ten. Bill
Lodge flipped in four field goals for eight points, Ed
Erickson added four points to the teams efforts and
Fred Corkery came through with a single that gave
him two points.

The home team five also had four men in double
figures as Alvin “Shakey” Young led the way with
twenty-one points. The Big “D,”’ Donnie Wise, had
seventeen markers, with eleven of them coming in the
first eight minutes. Billy Holley had eleven tallies
and Elijah Sheperd hit the hoop for ten. Under the
boards, Jake Welty kept it rolling with six points and
Cochise Bell had two field goals for four. Al Sheperd
sank a long jump shot for two points and Little Ray
contributed a pair of lay-ups to run out the game.
Play-maker for the All-Stars was John O’Brien who
did not score, as was the ease of his alternate, Juice
Cohen, who also failed to tally. John Wheeler came
off the bench several times as a defensive measure
and put out the fire.

The play of these kids from the strect, gives an
indication of the wealth of basketball talent that is
present in the city of Philadelphia. Conspicuously
evident was the amount of poise they have developed
in so few years. The two coaches of the team have
reason to be proud of their efforts.

J. O'Brien   0  0   0       J. Erickson   8  3  19
D. Wise      8  1  17       E. Erickson   2  0   4
A. Young    10  1  21       T. Short      6  1  13
B. Holley    5  1  11       J. Woley      4  2  10
J. Welty     3  0   6       F. Corkery    1  0   2
C. Bell      2  0   4       M. Short      4  3  11
A. Sheperd   1  0   2       B. Lodge      4  0   8
E. Sheperd   4  2  10         TOTALS     29  9  67
J. Cohen     0  0   0
Ray          2  0   4
J. Wheeler   0  0   0
   TOTALS   35  5   75

COLLEGE ALL-STARS TAKE EASTERN

One of Easterns biggest basketball days was nearly
ruined as thunder squalls hit their area. Five of the
city’s and nation’s best players were on hand to give
the Eastern League All-Stars their first big test of
the season. Heading the list was Hal “King” Lear,
former All-American at Temple, and now one of the
top prospects in the newly formed American Basket-
ball League. In the backcourt with Hal was Herb
Janey, a popular figure on the Philadelphia area
courts and a member of several city championship
teams. At center was Russ Gordon, star of the pres-
ent Temple University team that has defeated the
best teams in the country. Under the boards, Jay
Norman showed the spirit that carned him a starting
berth on the great Temple teams that were in the
semi-finals of the N.C.A.A. tournaments and just
missed winning the national crown. Handling the
boards with Jay was Richie Washington, one of the
stars of the Spike’s Trophies team that captured the
Kastern Pennsylvania A. A. U. Title in the 1960-61
season. Richie is also a member of Spike’s American
Legion Team that won the title in its league the same
year.

The College five started off with gusto as Lear
popped the net with three consecutive twenty-five
footers that had the crowd on their feet. Hastern re-
taliated with a fast break and held their own for the
first half. Billy Holley led the home-towners with a
trio of driving layups while O’Bie and Shakey were
connecting from the outside. Under the boards, Jay
Norman knotted the count as he stuffed the roundball
through the hoop and, on the next play, tapped the
ball to Herb Janey who pushed in a pair of corner
shots. When the Easterners concentrated on Norman,
Lear took over again and ended up with fifteen points
in the first quarter. The fast paced action saw the
lead change hands several times before the period
ended with the outsiders leading 29-25. Adopting
new tactics the college five went into the old postman
offense, and shattered the Eastern defensive midway
in the second quarter. Until this pomt Coach Thomp-
son’s Five had amazed the crowd with the poise that
they displayed in handling the college stars. Un-
fortunately, Mother Nature was agin’ the home team
and thwarted their efforts to get back in the game hy
‘alling down the heavens in one great cloudburst of
rain. The College Five did promise to come back in
the near future and that return match is cagerly
anticipated by our team and spectators.

B. Holley    5  0  10   H. Lear        8  3  19 
J. O'Brien   3  0   6   J. Norman      5  3  13
J. Welty     2  1   5   H. Janey       5  2  12
A. Young     2  1   5   R. Gordon      3  0   6
D. Wise      2  1   5   R. Washington  6  0  12
E. Sheperd   2  0   4     TOTAL       27  8  62
B. Battles   1  0   2
A. Shepherd  1  0   2
Herb         0  0   0
T. Wright    1  0   2
C. Bell      1  0   2
  TOTALS    20  3  43

Easterners and Ol’ Sol Team up to Defeat

With temperatures ranging in the high ninety’s,
July 22, was not the day for a group of five from the
Narbeth League. On hand to challenge the home-
towners were a quintet of familiar and welcome faces.
Leading the challengers was a member of the Waynes
Tavern team, Don Buckley, who can drive with the
best of them despite his small stature and large girth.
The two Hackett brothers, Larry and Tim teamed up
with Johnny Breese and Don Buckton to give the
Stars a tough time during the first period. The Nar-
beth five got off to a torrid start and had a 35-52 lead
at the close of the first half, but Hasterns fast break
coupled with their own lack of reserves took a heavy
toll on the street men, who saw their lead melt away
and finally disappear in a barrage of field goals. Tim
Hackett, the quiet man, was the high scorer of the
eame with twenty-three points while his brother
Larry had seventeen. Johnny Breese, the scourge of
the boards had four points as did team-mate Don
Buckton. Buekley picked up seven points.

The Cherry Hill team had fourteen of sixteen play-
ers hit the scorers book! Charley Adderly celebrated
his return to the Eastern courts with a fifteen point
spree while Billy Holley was close behind with four-
teen tallies.

Ernest “Lucky” Jackson, teamed up with an out-
sider, “Barrels” Dougherty in one of the better
EFFORTS at officiating that we have seen to date.

PLAYER         FG  F  PTS
A. Young        2  0   4    J. Breese   1   5   7
J. O'Brien      1  0   2    T. Hackett  1   2   4
C. Adderly      3  9  15    L. Hackett  8   1  17
D. Wise         2  1   5    D. Buckton  0   4   4
B. Holley       5  4  14       TOTALS  18  19  55
K. Sheperd      4  0   8
C. Bell         5  0  10
B. Battles      2  0   4
J. Cohen        1  0   2
J. Welty        2  0   4
Chuck           2  0   4
Herb            0  1   1
J. Massanova    2  0   4
Al Sheperd      2  1   5
   TOTALS      33 16  82

FRANCISVILLE CHUCKLES TO VICTORY

Some of the most happy-go-lucky ball players
we've seen, invaded these confines July 30, and
ralked off with a stunning victory over the strongest
team the All-Stars has put on the boards to date.
Roaring to a 10 point lead the visitors put on a dis-
play of ball handling that would have had the Harlem
Globe-Trotters green with envy. Their slap-stick
antics had the Kasterners grinding their teeth in cha-
erin. But as soon as the Cherry Hill five put the pres-
sure on the visitors settled down and began hitting
shots that were out of this world. This was to be ex-
pected as the Francisville five play in one of the
toughest summer leagues on the east coast. After
facing men like Wilt Chamberlain, Chink Scott, Guy
Rodgers, Wayne Hightower, ete. the home court five
must have looked like midgets.

Undaunted by their guests attitude, Coach Thomp-
son’s boys played their hearts out. John O’Brien was
his usual capable self, quarterbacking the team, while
Charley Adderly and Shakey Young gave no quarter
on the backboards. Donnie Wise played a. terrific
eame in a losing effort and Billy Holley had the visi-
tors running themselves to death.

Chief thorn in the side of the Hasternites was
Young who was deadly serious at all times and kept
popping in twenty-foot Jumpers with ridiculous ease.
Under the boards for the street team, Harris and
Vandenhunt were bears at clawing the ball off the
taller defenders.

The amazing thing was that Hastern had six men in
double figures and still it wasn’t enough. From the
standpoint of the fans this was the best game of the
year and it is hoped that a rematch will be held in
the near future.

D. Wise      5  1  11    Walker     1  1   3
C. Adderly   8  4  20    Green      2  2   6
B. Holley    5  2  12    Parrish   10  0  20
B. Battles   0  1   1    Jordan     2  2   6
C. Bell      6  0  12    Harris     9  4  22
S. Young     4  2  10    Young     10  5  25
J. Massanova 0  0   0    Woodlock   0  1   1
J. O'Brien   0  0   0    Vandenhunt 1  7   9
E. Sheperd   9  0  18    Huntley    2  0   4
Herb         0  0   0    Buckner    1  3   5
Chuek        0  0   0       TOTALS  38 25  101
J. Welty     1  0   2
   TOTALS   38 10  86

HENNY’S TAPROOM TIES IN TIME

Led by Larry Hackett, Henny’s taproom snatched
a loss back as they sank a basket when the whistle
blew ending the game, and yard-out. Starring for the
outsiders was Sam Feeny, one of last year’s favorites.
Just a little guy in his last years game, Sam is closing
in on the six foot mark, still growing and getting
more skillful with the roundball. Also scoring in a
eoodly manner was D. McAndrew and P. Bruce.

For the inside five Charley Adderly was top man
with twenty points while Elijah Sheperd had four-
teen. Al Sheperd and Cochise Bell had ten each and
Bill Holley ended up with eleven markers.

A. Young      2  0   4   P. Bruce       2  4   8
C. Adderly   10  0  20   G. Apples      4  4  12
Al Sheperd    5  0  10   D. Singley     0  1   1
J. Massanova  0  0   0   D. McAndrews   6  3  15
B. Battles    2  0   4   S. Feeney     10  1  21
C. Bell       5  0  10   L. Hackett     5  1  11
J. O'Brien    0  3   3   C. Bell        2  0   4
J. Welty      3  0   6   M. Spino       1  0   2
B. Holley     4  3  11   J. Freese      2  1   5
J. Cohen      1  0   2   B. Adams       2  1   5
E. Sheperd    7  0  14      TOTALS  34 16 84
   TOTALS    39  6  84

Eastern All-Stars Triumph for Third Stright Win
over Narbeth Quintet as whistle ends game

Proving that to be hospitable you don’t have to
lose, Coach Thompson’s charges again took advan-
tage of their opponents mistakes and walked off with
the laurels as the whistle blew for yard-in, ending a
eame that had started late. Since there were six min-
utes to go the vietory was a little tarnished, but still
a victory.

Leading the attack for the visitors was Bob Thorn-
ton, a new player as far as Eastern is concerned, Ac-
tually, Bob has plenty of basketball background, as
he formerly played for Western Michigan and at
present is thinking of transferring to Temple. After
watching him drive in for a layup several times, we
are willing to give him a recommendation to Harry
Litwack-anytime.

Both teams were using the same strategy as they
held their hatchet man for action in the second quar-
ter. Starting for the outsiders was John Beck, brother
of Penn All-American Ernie Beek, Larry Hackett,
Buckton, Jim McAndrews, and Thornton.

The Easterners, Billy Holley, Jake Welty, Alvin
Young, Cochise Bell and Elijah Sheperd found the
opposite five a little slow and opened with a fast
break that had them leading 22-17 when the first
period ended.

Starting the second period for the visitors were
the hcavyweights; Don Buckley, Big John Scholt-
mann, John Breese, Dave Connell, and Charley Ad-
ams. Entering the ring, beg pardon, coming on the
court, for the easterners, that is, were John O’Brien,
Herb Allen, Battles, Bill Barnes, and Chuck.

The Eastern Heavyweights proved too much as
they stomped their way for twenty-five points and
held their opponents to seventeen. Bill Barnes made
some fantastic shots and plumped through six field
eoals in this period alone. Barnes also ended up high
man. of the game with a total of twenty- two points.

Its a cinch that Don Buckley isn’t going to take
all these defeats lying down and the mind shudder 's
at the thought of him, Larry Hackett, and “Barrels’
Dougherty plotting div e revenge.

Of course, our side has a trio of able plotters in
coach Thompson, John O’Brien and Big Shakey.

A. Young     4  3  11    J. McAndrews    3  0  6
B. Holley    5  1  11    J. Beek         1  0  2
Chuck        4  1   9    L. Hackett      4  2 10
J. O’Brien   2  0   4    D. Buckley      2  5  9
C. Bell      2  0   4    J. Scholtmann   1  0  2
B. Battles   1  0   2    J. Breese       0  1  1
J. Massanova 1  0   2    B. Thornton     8  2 18
J. Welty     1  0   2    D. Bucktonn     4  0  8
Herb         1  0   2    C. Adams        4  0  8
Al Sheperd   1  0   2    D. Connell      3  2  8
J. Cohen     0  0   0      TOTALS       30 12 72
E. Sheperd   4  1   9
W. Barnes   11  0  22
T. Wright    0  0   0
   TOTALS   37  6  80

MEET A FRIEND

‘Barrels’ Dougherty, the
portly gentleman on your left,
is a familiar figure to Eastern
Basketball fans and those others
that follow the sport in the Nar-
beth and Southwest Phila. lea-
gues on the outside. A firm
believer in the theory of using
sports in combating delinquency,
he gives freely of his time to
referee and help organize games
throughout the city.

PIGSKIN PREVIEW

Kastern’s football season was given a rousing sendoff
this past Labor Day when two exhibition teams took
to the gridiron. The Devils, under the leadership of
Tookie “Crane cashed in for one TD in the first half
and that was all they needed as they held Rob Wat-
son’s eleven scoreless. Holding down the line for ‘the
Devils was Charley Gindle at center, Carmine at right
guard and Big Pitts at left guard. Alternating in the
tackle slots were Bobby Anderson, Walt Young,
MeVeey, and Joe Chink.

The Devil’s backfield featured speed in depth with
three of Eastern’s fastest; Socrates Cantoral, Nick
Nickens and Murray Dickerson, running out of the
halfback slots. At fullback, Roosevelt was in mid-
season condition as he ripped through the opposing
line. Tookies passing was beautiful to watch as he
tossed pinpointers to Willie Green and Al Shep. On
defense, Leonard Massey, team manager, gave the
enemy a rough road to travel.

Watson’s team had several scoring opportunities
but seemed reluctant to take the ball over the last
stripe. Rob started at the helm but gave way to John
O’Brien in the first half. Using quick openers O’Bie
suckered the defense into drawing tight and fired a
long pass that should have spelled touchdown—hbut
it was dropped.

Acting as a blocking back and decoy Big Shakey
Young gave an excellent forecast of the job he in-
tends to do in the coming season. Billy Holley was
up to his usual tricks, slanting off tackle for yardage
while Stonewall’s running brought the spectators to
their feet. A rather heavy offensive line saw Peewee
at center, Jose and Lou at guards, Joe Miller and
Pencil Willie at tackle, and Jake the snake and John
Gandy at end. Bill Barnes and Kuhn were demons
on defense.

A second touchdown was scored by the Devils
when Tookie threw a short bullet to Willie Green as
the gun sounded.
