---
id: "718"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
EDITOR
Spencer Walden

ASSOC. EDITOR
Carmine Imperiale

STAFF
Robert A. Stocker
Dave Gibbs
Frederick W. Adams
Alvin Young
Thomas Williams
William K. Hollawell
John J. Welty
Henry Bowman
Leonard Massey
Chuck Myers

PRINTING

LAYOUT
Frederick W. Adams

PHOTOGRAPHY
Walter Stepper

LINOTYPE
William Daly
Thomas Flannery

COPY READER
Daniel Gundaker

PRESSMEN
Felix Capone
Michael Hudak
Anthony Romano

ADMINISTRATION

GOVERNOR
David L. Lawrence

ATTORNEY GENERAL
David Stahl

BUREAU OF CORRECTION

COMMISSIONER
Arthur T. Prasse

DEPUTY COMMISSIONER
Kenneth E. Taylor

STATE CORRECTIONAL
INSTITUTION AT PHILA.

SUPERINTENDENT
William J. Banmiller

DIRECTOR OF TREATMENT
Thomas H. Graham

GENERAL SUPERVISOR
Alfred French Jr.

Vol. 6   No. 4

Eastern Echo

                  CONTENTS
SUPERINTENDENT'S DESK                     3
PROFILE 61                                4
IMPRESSIONS                               8
CALL PO-5-1106                           10
POSSIBLE FOOD FOR THOUGHT                11
THE OMEN                                 12
ACT SMART                                13
YA GOTTA HAVE HEART                      14
JAZZ! WHAT IS IT?                        18
PEN POINT NEWS                           20
KID DYNAMITE                             21
LIFE, LIBERTY, AND THE PURSUIT OF .....  22
ON TRIAL                                 26
IT’S BREAD                               27

                DEPARTMENTS
EDITORIAL   2       MUSICIAN’S CORNER    24
PROFILE    16       REV. WILLIAMS        28
CHESS      17       EPISCOPAL CHAPLAIN   30
SPORTS     31

The EASTERN ECHO is printed by and for the inmates of the State Correctional Institu-
tion at Philadelphia. Its editors or the institution itself cannot be held responsible for pla-
giarism. The contents of the magazine are not copyrighted unless indicated, and permission
to re-print any material in this issue is cordially granted.
