---
id: "719"
title: "Editorial"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial:

The question whether there is honor among thieves was recently answer-
ed by a rather discerning individual who stated. “‘Honor among thieves! Why
should there be. . . they're no different from anybody else.”

If this statement is literally correct then that priceless bauble called hope
must prevail alike for those who yield to temptation as well as for those who
would claim resistance.

By itself, hope is an intangible immeasurable thing and a nebulous foun-
dation upon which reason cannot rest. Where there is no substitute for reality
or room for wishful thinking in relation to penal problems we believe no Pol-
lyanna-like approach should prevail in the presentation of penal problems or
tentative solutions.

The impression has been erroneously created by the penal press that
the atmosphere within prisons today is that of one big happy family with
programs designed to provide the inmate with all but the finer luxuries of
life. As a result, one gathers the impression that entertainment and recrea-
tional programs overlap; the inmates thinking is done for him, minus problems
or. cares on his part while, in return, all that is required is that he serve his
sentence in harmonious relationship with the programs.

Where human values are concerned, on either side of the wall, there have
always been and always will be programs in varying degrees affecting the
welfare of those directly concerned. Those problems generated within prisons
anywhere are all too often of a nature wherein the obvious or equitable solu-
tions bear no relation. 

It has become increasingly apparent, down through the years, that prisons
have and will continue to present far more problems than it was presumed they
would solve. We therefore propose to review the more pressing problem
areas that through discussion equitable solutions will be effected.

As an illustration, we know not of a single state wherein the executive,
legislature or judicial branch of the government has gone on record officially
stating the purpose of imprisonment—whether it be punitive, rehabilatory
or both.. Most certainly officials of lesser rank together with penologists have
made and published statements as to what they believe to be the purpose of
imprisonment, without these views having the weight of authority. In lieu of
authoritative statements from the policy making branches of state governments
the purpose of imprisonment becomes moot and lacking in direction. It is
inconceivable, in view of this vacuum, that any type of program, regardless
of practicality or sincerity of purpose, can become effective until such time
as overall policies are first established.

At present, there exists two distinct schools of penology. There is the
lock-step school which would repeal the twentieth century and the progressive
whose image of penology could possibly be traced to Pandora's box.

We hold neither roses for the one, nor ruses for the other; nor is it our
intention to gnaw on the rungs of the ladder used by either should they ascend
to that area of myth-lined mores so often called success.

We are not privileged stockholders entitled to toss satric vitriol at the
board of directorss nor will we criticize for criticism’s sake. And we do not in-
tend to cry on the sholderss of an already overburdened public which is now
facing the most critical period since the dawn of civilization.

Whereas we do not, and realize we never will, have all the answers we
welcome and will submit for publication any and all articles from any source
providing they are educational, objective and in the best interests of the public.

The Echo Staff
