---
id: "720"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Superintendent's Desk

One hundred and thirty years ago the designers of
this prison wanted it to be “awful” in appearance to
deter persons from committing crime. It was the
philosophy of separate and solitary confinement
which meant just that. A man in those days never
left his cell and had an exercise area enclosed behind
his cell that is still observable today, although the
congregating of men, during the day, replaced it
many years ago, and properly so. Certainly the soli-
tary system was not conducive to, nor did it in prae-
tice prepare a man for release. To coin a phrase, it
perhaps made him a recluse and left him, after sev-
eral years of such confinement, in such a mental state
that he did not have the ability to resume his place in
normal living. Perhaps this will enable us to under-
stand the truism, "Prisons are housed by men who
did not choose to be monks.” Yet, reading the history
of treatment of men convicted of crime, it was an
improvement over the methods used before 1829.

There has been constant improvement from then to now. There will be
more as the public and uniformed begin to realize and understand the purpose
of prison. We, you and I, have a responsibility to constantly edueate the pub-
lic in the theory of imprisonment.

The present programs are to accomplish that purpose. As Judge John
Biggs observed in his book, “The Guilty Mind,” there will always be that die-
hard group of people who feel that is soft treatment. I prefer to call it humane
because these so-called intelligent people do not speak from historical knowl-
edge but rather from callousness, lack of understanding, and absence of family,
relatives and friends affected by the misfortune of imprisonment. No one de-
nies the right of society to inflict punishment (confinement) for breaking the
law. But is that to continue forever? Until a man dies?

Today while the wall may give an “awful” appearance, we like to think of
the activity and feeling inside that wall. Humaneness ean blot out that auster-
ity and make a man feel close to normal. Unless we feel that inside our own
breast, we are only giving lip service to our purpose in this work. Call it what
you will, it is the understanding of human nature.

Are we to deny a man the right to improve his mind and mental outlook
because he is in prison? That is contrary to reason when society charges us
with the responsibility of fitting a man for release. Our Art, Journalism and
Debating classes are not necessarily to fit a man to be an artist, journalist or
public speaker. They are intended to enable a man to broaden his thinking, to
appreciate and understand things he gave little thought to before.

Few men will never change, most want to. What most people do not grasp
is the feelings of a man convicted of crime, the scar it leaves long after release.
He is always cognizant of this and tries to forget. This is where understanding
is vital.

Jean Jacques Rousseau was a world-famous Philosopher (1712-1778). His
work, “The Social Contract,” contains this statement: “There is not a single
ill-doer who could not be turned to some good, unless insane.”

If only the sincere feeling of men of good-will at this time of the year would
always prevail.

Let us not deny the man the chance to parole when a reasonable period of
imprisonment and positive change in him has been determined by all human and
reasonable standards.

William J. Banmiller
