---
id: "721"
title: "The Philadelphia Crime Commission"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE PHILADELPHIA CRIME COMMISSION
— ITS AIMS AND OBJECTIVES —

1. To investigate and study the facts concerning
criminal law enforcement in all of its aspects.

2. To create citizen awareness of the obstacles to
law enforcement by making these facts known
to the public.

3. To marshal support of individuals, groups and
the general public for strengthening the hands
of law enforcement officials and agencies.

4. To call attention to weaknesses (and/or der-
eliction of duty) in agencies that fight crime.

5. To press for speedy apprehension and more
stringent punishment of criminals and wrong-
doers, more effective enforcement and con-
tinued improvement of correctional machin-
ery.

Support of the Crime Commission comes from
private individuals and indusiry gifts. It is a non-
profit organization.

Lack of space prevents us from mentioning the
very impressive list of names that compose the
Executive Staff and Board of Directors of the
Commission. However with three distinguished
and honored new names just recently elected to
the corporation, we take this opportunity of con-
gradulating, Judge Louis E. Levinthal, one of our
city’s more prominent jurists, J. Maxwell Smith,
the President of the Keystone Automobile Club
and Mr. Albert C. McCoy, the President of Mas-
land Duraleather Co.
