---
id: "722"
title: "Profile 61"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
"PROFILE 61"
by
Francis A. Murphy

On Friday, October 13th 1961, a crew of local
television technicians from WRCV — TV, visited
this institution under the personal supervision of Mr.
Ephraim Gomberg, Vice President of the Philadel-
phia Crime Commission.

The purpose of their visit was to film, (pre-record)
a few segments for a television program under the
auspices of the Commission, and in conjunction with
the National Broadcasting Company and the local
WRCV — TV station.

The program is titled, “‘Profile 61’’ a documentary
type of presentation that Mr. Gomberg narrates.
It is being presented every Monday evening, for a
nine week period, at 7:30 P.M. on Channel 3.

After Mr. Gomberg and his associates completed
their inspection tour of the institution, Mr. Gomberg
requested and received permission to interview
three inmates, on camera, for the panel discussion
segment of this program. Mr. Thomas Graham,
Director of Treatment, selected Andre Paschedag,
Sterling James, and myself as the inmates who would
present their opinions in answer to Mr. Gomberg’s
inquiries.

We were to be program 45, of “Profile 61" and
this segment was titled, “Criminal Justice" and con-
sisted of five parts;

1. The judicial sentence of the convicted.

2. Disparity of sentences and the inequities re-
sulting therefrom.

3. The deterrent effect of sentences as seen by
Eastern Echo the judges, attorney for the accused, and con-
victed inmates ot prisons.

4. The inconsistency of punishment and re-
habilitation.

5. Protection of society and rehabilitation in
that order are seen to be the prime purpose
of the sentence.

While waiting for the crew to arrange their camera
and lights, and to set the scene, we had the very
pleasant and gratifying experience of talking at
length to Mr. Gomberg and the crew. However, |
think their prime motivation was to ease our tensions,
and relax us a little before the actual filming began.

We were seated at the very long executive type
table in the Parole Board Hearing Room. We were
instructed to give our opinions when they were re-
quested by the narrator, Mr. Gomberg. This was
the only coaching we received.

The stationary camera was mounted on a high tri-
pod, and directed at our backs, but catching Mr.
Gomberg full front view. A half dozen motion pic-
ture spot lights were focused directly on us. While
standing just out of camera range, the writer of the
program, acting as director in this instance, was
giving “‘cues’” to all concerned, hand signals, finger
waving, head nodding and arm manipulation. While
all this action was taking place, and everything was
seemingly in disorder and confusion to our untrained
eyes, someone said, “‘perfect, roll em,’ or its equiva-
lant in motion picture jargon.

We were amazed at the sudden change in Mr.
Gomberg, who appeared so utterly composed and
relaxed, while just a few seconds before he was all
action and moving with a speed that belied his years.

The program opened with a scene of Andy, Jim
and myself seemingly arguing a point, however we
were not heard by the television audience, for the
voice in the background was that of Mr. Gomberg
making his opening remarks. I can recall the last
few words of those opening remarks, “‘and the opin-
ions expressed by these three inmates are entirely
their own, and do not necessarily represent the
opinions of the rest of the inmate population.”
This statement, for some remote reason made me
feel as if | were about to impart some world shaking
opinion, or to divulge some deep hidden secret.
I am aware that | am not exempt from talking and
writing nonsense on occasion, the misfortune would
be to do it solemnly. I decided to be careful in both
cases.

However, that statement, made in the pear-shaped
tones of Mr. Gomberg, also made me very much
aware that this was a very professional operation.
So I tensed some more in anticipation of the first
question.

In all cases, the opinions given to the questions
asked by Mr. Gomberg, are in bold face type, and
are a composite opinion of our individual replies.

We discussed each question for several minutes
before presenting our opinions.
Mr. Gomberg with his experience and acute sense
of timing, had another question for us before the
sound of the last syllable of the last opinion had
faded away.

Q. Does a prison sentence, or the length of it, act
as a deterrent?

A. No, a criminal would not commit the act if he
were subject to fear that he would be caught, there-
fore sentencing plays no part in his considerations
prior to the commission of a crime. But a man on
parole may think just a little more about the con-
sequences of a criminal act than another man would.
All in all, sentences play only a minor roll as a de-
terrent, they are basically an expression of revenge,
punishment, protection and intended rehabilitation...

Q. Is a Judge and his decision much affected by.
public opinion?

A. Definitely, as can be judged by recent news-
paper articles. It is also a fact of experience that
when public opinion is aroused concerning one par-
ticular crime, for the next few months sentences for
that crime will be much more severe, reflecting the
Judge’s reactions to public opinion.

Q. What would we think of a board of experts
setting sentences instead of a Judge?

A. If the board were composed of qualified men
not subject to the same pressures as the Judges and
various boards in operation today, this might be an
improvement. However, past experiences with var-
ious types of boards tend to make us just a little
leery of such a sclution. (End of composite opinion)

I dislike writing on such controversial subjects
as these, for my knowledge of judicial procedure is
limited to the wrong side of the fence, but my name
heads this article, and | feel the right to postscript
my opinions.

MOBOCRACY: (Webster's definition) The rule,
or ascendency, of the mob.

The public and/or politics apply the pressure,
and justice is seen not only holding her scales, but
also holding the well known bag. In most cases the
transgressor is given a sentence far out of proportion
to the stated facts of the case.

Modification of sentencing procedure at this time,
is surely indicated, the times are disastrously ahead
of our fossilized judicial procedure. .
Why isn't it possible for a thorough and more in-
tensive examination by pre-sentence investigators?
More, and specifically trained investigating person-
nel, with enough monetary inducement to make the
position desirable. Stop electing Judges etc. on the
basis of their political acceptability. There are many
intelligent, capable men and women, who have no
political debts to pay, who have the judicial ex-
perience and the impartiality so necessary in
positions of this stature.

In a progressive country change is supposed to be
constant. Lest we forget, Philadelphia is the cradle
of American Liberty, but let’s not change that.

Our brief, but exciting encounter with the WRCV-
TV staff, shall long be pleasantly remembered. They
brought us a welcome break from the iron force of
adhesion to the ever present dull routine. Mr. David
Brenner the very gracious local boy, who is the writer
for “Profile 61", convinced us that he is a firm be-
“George M. Cohan’s”’ old adage of “‘always
leave them laughing, when you say goodbye.’ He
topped his very interesting accounts of writing for
television, by telling an extremely funny story, that
left us with a very warm feeling for his type of per-
son. The cameraman, Mr. Mike (Peter Lorre)
Evdikimoff, strictly business until all scenes were
finished. He held everyone's attention with his de-
tailed descriptions of his camera work in Czecho-
slovakia and France with several motion picture
companies. His similarity in appearance, voice, and
mannerism’s to Peter Lorre gave me the eerie im-
pression that this medieval bastille would make a
good location for a horror movie. (Harrisburg
papers please copy.) Mr. Ray Norton the sound
engineer was not accorded much of an opportunity
for conversation. A mountain of equipment required
all of his attention before, during, and after the
scenes were finished. However he was the one who
made it known that Mike the camera man was called
Peter Lorre by his associates at WRCV - TV.

We regret that Mr. Frank Hall, the producer of
“Profile 61°’ could not be present at the filming of
this segment.

We intended to do a ‘profile’ on Mr. Ephraim
Gomberg for this article. However we came up
against a very rare phenomenon, we actually had too
much material for the space allotted. It was materia]
needed for the overall picture we intended to con-
vey. So rather than use just a little... and possibly
detract from the picture, we decided to go full speed
ahead without using anything but our impressions,
and play it all by ear. Truly he is an important man,
whose complete lack of pretentiousness impressed
us very deeply.

I don’t know if we will see any radical changes in
judicial procedure in our lifetime. The miserable
have no medicine but hope. So if there are to be
changes, it’s going to take a man with an organization
of eager and willing workers behind him. A man
devoid of prejudice and with an untiring dedication
to the law and the courts in the attainment of justice.

He must offer ability and background particularly
adapted to the range of problems facing our judicial
system. His knowledge of the forces of crime and
criminals will be invaluable assets in this difficult task.
He must have no hard core political afhliations to
hinder him in offering an independence of judgment
and integrity. He must also have a deep belief in the
principals of progressive government....I think
Mr. Ephraim Gomberg has these qualifications... .

“Profile 61,’’ has pointed up the need for the type
of coordination, and cooperation that is noticeably
absent from the social worker up to and including
the city’s hallowed halls of justice. The Commission
is, in my opinion, through the medium of television
and its dedicated Executive Vice President, Mr.
Gomberg, and his associates, doing far more than
just disturbing the surface. The depth of their prob-
ing has touched bone. They have entered channels
that have been probed before, ... but never to
such an extent. They seek a common denominator,
by fearlessly asking controversial and difficult ques-
tions from some controversial and difficult people.
They diligently seek out and evaluate the varied
answers for the knowledge and understanding that is
required to separate the wheat from the chaff, that
is——to eliminate the unjustified, the irresponsible, the
politically inspired malignancies that often appear
in the most unlikely places, including courts of law.

Godspeed, sir.
