---
id: "723"
title: "Philadelphia Evening Bulletin"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The following article in Italics, is quoted verbatim 
from the Phila. Eve. Bulletin of October 31st, 1961. 

William A. Schnader, former Pennsylvania attorney general, said last night 
that magistrates should be taken out of politics. 

“If they don’t have any qualification except being a member of a political party, 
it’s outrageous,” he said. 

“Magistrates ought to be lawyers,’ he added. "I don't think anybody who
doesn't know the law should mete out justice.” 

Schnader made his remarks on a prerecorded television documentary presented 
by the Crime Commission of Philadelphia. 

He was joined in his criticism of the magistrates’ courts by Lennox L. Moak, 
director of the Pennsylvania Economy League—Bureau of Municipal Research. 

“This criticism is justified," Moak said. “There is an absence of dignity in 
the magistrates’ courts and a lack of records by which we can judge their perform-
ance."

Ephraim R. Gomberg, executive vice president of the Crime Commission, 
opened the program by stating that 70 per cent of those persons charged with vice 
are released by magistrates. 

Chief Magistrate Joseph J. Hersch said this figure was way off and blamed 
local police for arresting too many people in order to make their records look good. 

Many of these so-called vice cases are released because they are men who were 
shooting craps on the corner, Hersch said. “We can’t clutter up the court.” 

Hersch cited cases of police making arrests at a disorderly house. “If some- 
thing is wrong at a party the magistrate will hold the owner of the house and dis- 
charge the rest,” he said. 

He said police bring in people attending the party and when they are discharged 
this makes the percentage figures look high. 

Hersch said the magistrate is the “whipping boy” of the courts. He said one
case out of 500 might be handled wrong and “get a big blowup.” 

He defended the magistrate’s role in politics and said he didn’t have to be a lawyer.” 

“The main thing is common sense,” Hersch said, “and you don’t get that out 
of law books. Magistrates have training with people. If there is a real serious 
case we consult the district attorney.” 

J. Harry LaBrum, chairman of the Traffic Advisory Committee, Magistrates’ 
Court, said the magistrate system should be strengthened and the public should treat 
a magistrate with the same dignity as a judge.
