---
id: "725"
title: "Impressions"
author: "JAMES, Sterling B."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
To watch the be-
hind-the-scenes the-
atrics and machina-
tions for the first
time is a facinating
experience.

"Impressions"
by
Sterling James


Invited to take part in a televised discussion of
crime and related subjects, this weary old horse was
hard pressed to stave off the apathy which usually
besets him now ever since he stumbled across the no
longer amazing revelation that in the area of felo-
nious activity the capacity for telling, discovering or
recognizing the truth is possible to few human beings
in few types of occupations connected with this
phase of human conduct. Long ago, when he rubbed
his eyes and took a hard, long look at the quality of
people holding high and low offices in justice and
penal areas, he had concluded that there must be
very little appeal in the relatively low salaries, the
dull day to day shuffling of thousands of seedy lives,
the incidence of political and social interference, to
attract the kind of intelligent, creative and imagina-
tive minds so sorely needed to bring enlightenment
and progress to this field. Moreover, occupied with
the grim business of paying his own big dues for his
own grisly conduct, this horse felt no inclination to
lecture; and by the same token he was in no mood to
gaze in feigned pop-eyed interest at professionals
who elaborately mouth the same, everlasting moral
and psychological banalities on a subject where no
understanding is possible without a clear vision of the
eternal amorality of man’s chemisiry. Indeed the
psycho-moral admixture used in the interpretation of
the so called criminal psyche has become one of the
most unnatural, phony episodes in criminal and...
let’s not quibble....all human life.

Intellectually immobilized in this conviction, I
waited with two buddies, Andy Paschedag and
Frank Murphy, in the bright, brash, newly refur-
bished Board Room to be instructed in whatever
little inanity the T.V. people were cooking up. We
didn’t expect much from the set. We liked to talk,
were notably fluent, and felt here was a not alto-
gether unpleasant opportunity to indulge ourselves,
ham it up a little, and break the normal routine.

I don’t think we were particularly impressed when
Mr. Gomberg entered the room, sat down at the
long, freshly lacquered, still tacky table at which we
were sitting and proceeded to introduce himself.
Nor do I think we were unaware of the wisp of
‘snow’ in the appeal made to our vanities in Mr.
Gomberg’s reference to our “above average intel-
ligence.” For my part, I took that swift, physio-
mentalis, closed circuited accounting of this Mr.
Ephraim Gomberg one man takes of another when
meeting for the first time, and decided: “indistin-
guishable from many another type who had
come among us to hawk and talk; trained in the art
of dealing with the public, glib, smooth, intelligent,
confident, casual, superficial—in a word, pro-
fessional!”

Musing in this way and only half listening to the
briefing, I found myself at a point becoming in-
creasingly aware of an uncommon quality of concern,
of enthusiasm, of controlled urgency and sincerity in
the finely textured Gomberg voice.

Whether real or imagined, I felt that rare, almost
forgotten, physical signalling that this was no ordin-
ary man and this no ordinary run-of-the-mill discus-
sion. Slowly, miraculous, we were becoming intel-
lectually alive. I heard the electrifying crackle of a
zesty idea tossed from someone of us to another,
caught, give way, consumed and replaced by another
idea, yet more interesting—and so on, in lively,
stimulating profusion. There was an almost visual
reaching back and regrouping of seldom called out
intellectual reserves in our scramble to match the
surprising, magnificent, cerebral onslaught Mr. Gom-
berg had unleased upon us. One of us who had been
a trifle slow getting the message, launched into what
might have been a lengthy and tiresome tirade about
prison food; instantly sensing his own triteness, did
some fasi, flashy, mental footwork and turned
vehemence into a cogitative brier, on par with the
tough, searching questions being pondered. The
questions were tough indeed and the answers some-
times startling and unexpected:

What basically is crime?

Forms of predatory activity while in absolute
violation of imposed law, are as natural and normal
to man as breathing, hunting, driving a truck,or
preaching—blood brothers to the more iractable
human behavior patterns, all arising from the terrific
chemistry of man.

But most persons are law abiding and eschew
crime.

Negative. The law is artificially coincidental
with the ability of most persons to fulfill most of
their desires in a sympathetic environment. Most
persons find themselves in accord with the law
non-volitively. All current and historic evidence
of man’s behavior clearly and indisputably illustrates
that man eschews the law—no matter what its
virtues—when law interferes or operates against
what he feels to be his personal interests. Govern-
ments are especially addicted to this kind of nat-
uralistic, lawless behavior.

Does punishment deter crime?

No. If the grim specter of certain death has
had no effect on the incidence of homicide, there is
no reason to believe the lesser penalty of imprison-
ment could affect the incidence of theft and other
forms of crime. If suddenly, tommorrow, every per-
son now engaged in felonious activity were caught
and executed, in two weeks a whole new crop of
criminals would arise. The cause is woven into the
fabric of our society——environmental, social dep-
rivations, etc. Unfortunately man is but a product
of circumstantial unpredicables and responds spon-
taneously. An entirely new approach into man’s
well documented responses seems imminently neces-
sary.

Is it possible to punish and rehabilitate?

No. The one eclipses the other. Choose one
or the other. Society can’t have both. Punishment is
automatic in sentencing and isolation. It is dangerous
to pursue it further. But punishment is a deceptively
simple, cheap and expedient way of dealing with
felons. It is also a catharsis for an understandably
vengeful public.

Is it possible to rehabilitate?

This offers the best security society can ever
hope to achieve. Yes by all means rehabilitate. It
can be done in increasingly greater numbers if it
can be shown in tangibles (and it can) that in an in-
timate, immediate sense, on a day to day basis; in
the natural, unthinking movement of living that
social behavior is better suited to the pursuit of a
reasonable happiness, a great leap forward in the
domestication of the human animal should be
realized. A crash program in preventatives still
offers the most imaginative solution to the crime
problem. But, too, some drastic changes in the
conditions of penal life is necessary.

For me, the afternoon was somewhat less reward-
ing intellectually. The actual seven or eight minute
‘take’ was a soufe—light, tasteful, trifling. But in
a wholly different way, the afternoon was a brilliant
climax to a most rewarding morning. This was after
all an important T.V. show, or so we were told, and
we were a part of it. To watch the behind-the-scenes
theatrics and machinations for the first time is a
fascinating experience. The pace at which these
people work is shamefully exhilarating to see for
the uninitiated. Much of the tension and excitement
of the afternoon was provided by a bright, young
script writer, director, and indeed, general factotum,
Dave Brenner. Manipulating camera, sound, props,
people; regaling us with roaring anecdotes and rau-
cous jokes; sometimes intensely serious, sometimes
spritely and frivolous; spilling ideas like manna over
everything; arguing, experimenting, coaxing—this
energetic, effervescent, irrepressible young person,
in his way, was as stimulating to watch as the for-
midable, erudite Mr. Gomberg was to listen to.
Another delight, was the camera man, Mike
Evdikimoff. Like a Premminger on location and in-
credibly resembling Peter Lorre in speech and man-
ner, this man was in absolute control of the
proceedings during the actual shooting sequence—
—and almost stole the show. With the imperiousness
of a man in complete mastery of his medium, no one
was spared his wrath in his efforts to get the perfect
shot. To an institution luminary who had wandered
into camera range, he was heard to shout — “Get
oud de vay, you!’ To one of us who for some
reason kept displaying a package of Newport cig-
arettes he shouted “Vhy you keep doing dees! You
voik for dese pipple!’’ It was all very moving and
unforgettable. Suddenly it was all over, and in the
afterglow of warmth and fellowship, it didn’t seem
to matter much that our thoughts, our feelings,
and even our very lives, momentarily beamed to a
vast, hurrying and indifferent world, would pass and
soon be forgotten....
