---
id: "726"
title: 'Call "PO-5-1106"'
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CALL
“P0-5- 1106"

Wanted ... Jobs for several capable men who,
having been granted paroles, must remain confined
indefinitely due to lack of suitable employment—a
condition which must be fulfilled before release.

It is unlikely the above advertisment will ever be
found among the classified ads in any newspaper.
For this reason, among others, we are inserting it
here with the hope it will strike a responsive chord
among those who can offer employment which can
be filled by men willing and anxious to work but
due to unusual circumstances are unable to seek it
in person.

The difficulties encountered in attempting to es-
tablish en rapport with potential employers while
the employee is confined in a penal institution are
legion.. The total overall lost manpower hours, in
many instances, between the time parole is granted
and employment is secured and approved by parole
authorities is of no small consequence.

There are many instances of record where men
are homeless and without friends or acquaintances
of substance who while away weeks and months
both before and after parole has been
granted in an almost hopeless quest for
employment. The only avenue open for
many of these men is that permitted by
mail, which all too often leads to the
proverbial blind end.

Although unemployment itself has
never been defined as criminal in na-
ture, calling for imprisonment, its un-
desirable facets are often reflected in
reverse in a manner bordering on the
criminal.

There are of course commendable
charitable associations and individuals
of a like nature who have met with an
immeasurable degree of success in find-
ing and furnishing employment for
these men. However the burden has
been heavy and the fields of labor
limited.

The only remedy at present lies with private em-
ployers who will assist these men in the matter of
employment.

Among these men who seek employment are
those with training in such trades as carpentry, cook-
ing, baking, bookkeeping, plastering, bricklaying,
mechanics and several other trades.

We believe there are many local businessmen
who, if advised of this situation, could and would
furnish employment for many of these men. And by
so doing the employer would be performing a pub-
lic service by converting the status of these men
from that of a tax-supported individual to a tax
payer. He would also help forge a bridge of under-
standing between one who needs help and one who
can give it.

For any further information, we refer any pros-
pective employer to: Mr. J. F. McBride, Senior
Parole Officer who may be contacted by telephone
—please call, PO-5-1106.

State Correctional Institution
2107 Fairmount Avenue
Philadelphia 30, Pennsylvania
