---
id: "727"
title: "Possible Food For Thought"
author: "Massey, Leonard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
By Leonard Massey

Possible 
Food 
For 
Though

There are questions today which continually assail
the minds of those who take a genuine interest in
national affairs the answers to which, however, have
proved difficult when placed in practice.

Probably the most important of these is: what
are the compositional factors which must be consid-
ered in order to insure the healthy development of
our national community?

It appears that there are three basic factors of
prime importance which must be considered and any
sovereign nation displaying evidence of all three
should be acknowledged a good community. These
are: natural contentment; social love, and a thirst
for knowledge.

Natural contentment: I refer to that which is gen-
erally observed in the spirit of children. There seems
to be present in their disposition a sort of ecstatic
complacency and joy of life, except where there is
decided reason for the contrary. In the personalities
of adults there seems to be an absence of compla-
cency and joy of life. All too often they are discon-
tented without apparent cause.

On the surface, the impression is easily gathered,
that only those possessed of financial means are able
to retain to any appreciable degree this exuberance
of being, which is inherent in children. | suppose it
is logical to deduce from this that there is a certain
freedom from the problems and stresses of the mod-
ern world. As their way of maintaining natural con-
tentment is of an aristocratic nature, it is not contrib-
utory to our problem which is to preserve natural
contentment in the many and noi the few.

I believe there are moments when the most provi-
dent of men fails to remember that there are many
subterranean needs in human beings which have no
clear corresponding desire. For example, authorities
in the field of psychoanalysis will support the state-
ment that few men or women can preserve natural
contentment in a state of celibacy—although they
may be void of all conscious desire for sexual satis-
faction.

It actually requires little observation to note that
the chief reason for the lack of natural contentment
in adults is that it is slowly stifled by the persistent
turmoil of life. Progressive changes in civilization
have been far more rapid than that of our instincts,
consequently there has been an ever widening dis-
crepancy between the behavior impelled by instinci,
and that constrained by social prudence. The first
step, it would appear, towards preserving natural
contentment is to recant competitiveness, and honor
co-operation.

Social Love: With the exception of a few people
to whom we are emotionally attached, we are gen-
erally indifferent to the lot of others. The emotions
that we feel for the specified few may be joy for
their good fortune, and sorrow for their bad. These
emotions may involve an intricate amalgamation of
situations and feelings. Nevertheless, they are feel-
ings which play influential roles in every individual's
life, and therefore affect the equilibrium of the
national community.

Biologically, the purpose of human existence is to
perpetuate the race. However, this end could very
well be accomplished in an uncivilized manner were
it not for the social mores that we establish and ad-
here to co-operatively.

Genuine social love is generated spontaneously.
It is not a designated duty, but something one feels.
Men in the armed services illustrate quite plainly this
intuitively produced emotion of group sympathy or
social love, e.g., upon being informed that compa-
triots have died due to maltreatment at the hands of
the enemy, they become sincerely outraged and hurt.
Place the same deaths in a report from home, and
it is a meaningless statistic to the individual.

The abolition of conflict between the interests of
different individuals and groups will serve to pro-
mote social love and diminish hostile feelings which
are so predominant in the world today.

Thirst for knowledge: Science, in recent years,
has fast become one field where the thirst for know-
ledge is constantly being stimulated by new discov-
eries and by the promise of the eve of new and still
greater inroads into the unknown.

Where general science has brought developmenis
in many and varied areas; for our purpose, we point
out three: the overall increase of practical commod-
ities; (2) the potential threat of the ultimate weapon
of destruction; and (3) the substitution of trivial
amusements for those of a more artistic and educa-
tional nature.

An outstanding example of the latter is readily
observed when comparing the quality of motion
pictures of the 20’s with those of the present. Then
there has been the rapid development of TV which
is truly a scientific miracle. To a lesser degree, but
none-the-less, an illustration of a highly refined de-
velopment is to be found in the recordings of today
when compared with those of yesteryear.

We are indebted to science for its constant en-
deavors to seek an understanding of natural process
and fathom the construction of the universe. We
might say, in final praise, that it is science in a great
many respects that has made our lives something
more than a mere existence.

From these three defined premises, perhaps some
insight may be gained as to what we should consider
in the promotion of a healthy development of our
national ideal.
