---
id: "728"
title: "The Omen"
author: "Robinson, Richard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE OMEN

BY: Richard Robinson

The shadows of early morning were reflected by
the waters of the bay. Small waves slapped against
the hulls of brightly painted fishing boats nudging
them with gentle, rasping sounds against barnacle-
encrusted pilings.

Though it was early, the air was already thick and
muggy; there was not even the whisper of a breeze.
Old women were busy setting up crude little stalls
along the dusty esplanade; soon their coarse voices
would blend into hawking discord as their prey be-
gan to filter into the market place.

Overlooking the squalor of the bay, a yellow
frame house stood on a slight rise of sandy soil. It
appeared in various stages of neglect. The yard was
cluttered. A rotting skiff rested on uneven blocks,
there were a few tangled fishing nets, a rusted-out
1931 Auburn, and a washing machine with its wring-
er missing. Weeds and cabbage palms did their best
to hide and soften the stark-ugliness of the scene.

The old house had withstood countless hurri-
canes, torrential rains, and blistering heat. Year in,
year out, its yellow face turned toward the sea, the
house remained a faithful landmark; a good omen
to the superstitious fishermen of the village.

On the surface, this particular morning seemed no
different from most others, and it would not have
been so, except for the fact that in a matter of hours
the old house (and eventually the whole village)
would pass into oblivion. Already the chugg-chugg
and sputter of bulldozers could be heard lumbering
into the yard. A new government missile base was
being born.

There was a storm building in the east. Masses of
silver and gray clouds were shifting and shading im-
perceptibly into each other. The wind’s velocity in-
creased. The play of color became dramatic, in-
tense, with bold whorls of rose and purple.

The shadowed water of the bay turned from blue
to green. Its turbulence churned up tiny bits of sea-
life and refuse, giving the water an opalescent ap-
pearance. As the storm center moved closer, the
water darkened into an angry gray color.

A streak of lightning ripped a jagged path across
the sky; it was followed closely by an ominous roll
of thunder, then another wild stab of lightning came
down and struck the old house. There was an ex-
plosion of orange and blue sparks. The construction
workers deserted their machines, and began to run
for shelter, yelling, cursing.

Down on the muddy esplanade, a gnarled fisher-
man and his woman, stood under the shelter of an
umbrella and watched hungry flames devour the old
house.

The woman turned her face to the man; her voice
was tired and colorless when she spoke. “It is a
sign . . . an evil omen.”

The fishermen did not look at the woman, but
slowly nodded his head in agreement. He was look-
ing at the sky; a clear and forceful meaning could
be read there. It portrayed much more than’ the
proverbial ten thousand words. The wind; the rain;
the thunder and lightning; the offensive and defen-
sive weaponry of Mother Nature, all were being
brandished by her defiance of man’s puny efforts to
harness and utilize her forces to contaminate the at-
mosphere—preliminary to his ultimate destruction
of the very planet she had so carefully nurtured
through endless eons of time—long before man’s
attempt to probe the secrets of the atom.
