---
id: "729"
title: '"Act Smart"'
author: "Gibbs, Dave"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
“ACT SMART”

BY Dave Gibbs

On entering the bank the ‘customer’ hesitated a
brief moment and then thrust his hand beneath his
jacket in an effort to loosen the gun which was
wedged in his belt. The large empty shopping bag
dangling from his left forearm hampered his move-
ments at this point and with an impatient gesture he
pushed it further up his arm. At the same time he
glanced quickly about at the interior of the bank.
For a brief instant it seemed the size of the establish-
ment awed him but when a patron standing at the
teller's cage directly in front of him departed, he
appeared somewhat relieved.

It was the opportune moment and the ‘customer’
paused only long enough to straighten out a wrin-
kled note he carried in his hand. In another instant
he stood before the teller’s cage with a rather inde-
scribable do or die look on his face.

The teller who had been occupied making an
entry in a ledger pushed it aside and peered through
the grill work of his cage. At sight of his ‘customer’
the habitual look of confidence he wore was re-
placed by one of surprise. Clearing his throat, the
teller said, mechanically, “Good morning, Sir. Is
there something I can do for you?”

The ‘customer’ after taking a sidelong glance at
the adjoining cage laid the wrinkled note on the
window-sill of the cage and said, tersely, “Read
this:

The teller, somewhat abashed at the curt com-
mand, picked up the note and read: ‘Put all the
money in the bag. I have a gun on you. Don't
scream and don't act smart.

The teller’s eyebrows raised perceptively as he
read the note. Laying the note on the counter in
front of him he studied it for a moment and then
glanced surreptitiously at the adjoining cage. Again
clearing his throat, he asked. “Do you mind giving
me your definition of ‘act smart’.”

“Huh? Give yuh the what?”

“I am trying to find out what you mean when you
tell me, don’t act smart.”

“Oh! That! This is my first holdup, Mister an
my brother said yuh would know what I mean. He's
outside the door. I'll go bring him in. He'll tell yuh
what it means. I’m only in the third grade. He’s in
the fifth, and he wrote it. Ain’t it spelt right?”

“It’s not the spelling that has me puzzled, I just
wondered whether or not we have the same defini-
tion or meaning in mind. You see, the word ‘smart’
has several meanings; for example, it might mean
the seat of a sharp poignant pain, or feel or have
such a pain caused by an irritant such as my finger
aches all over. Then again, it could be the result of
an earthquake or caused by distress. Shakespeare
used it in this sense, “Their softest touch as smart
as a lizard stings.’’ Then you could also use it in the
sense Meaning a person was dexterous; or efficient,
or speedy in accomplishing things. Again, one could
be considered smart if he were clever or showed
mental alertness and was quick to learn. So you see,
I was not sure just what you meant when you told
me, don’t act smart. Can you tell me just what you
meant?"

The customer hesitated a moment while a rather
confused look spread over his face. His eyes came
to rest on a stack of coins lying in front of the teller.
“Nope. I dunno. My brother knows though. He
wrote it. I'm just learning to write. I'll ask him
what it means. Well, I gotta go now. My Mom’s
over to the supermarket an she'll miss me if a ain't
there when she’s ready to leave.”

The teller smiled broadly, and then said. ‘‘Sonny,
robbing banks is going out of style except in the
movies or on the T.V. But I'll tell you what I'll do.
Here’s a nickel for you and one for your brother.
The next time you are around here will you drop in
and let me know what you or your brother means
when he says, don’t act smart?”

“Gee thanks, Mister. My brother will be glad,
cause he wants to buy an ice cream for Mom’ cause
its her birthday. I'll let you know what he means
about acting smart the next time. Maybe ... I
think this is what he meant ..." he murmured as
he gazed at the shiny nickels in his hand.
