---
id: "730"
title: "Ya Gotta Have Heart!!!"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Ya Gotta Have Heart!!!

The Story Behind Nineteen Men Who
Exchanged Striped Suits For Black

by Robert F. Cullen

He stood there in his black suit with the sun
beating down and the sweat dripping from under the
mask he was wearing. Beneath the brim of his cap,
his shadowed eyes gazed fixedly up at the taller
man facing him.

"Thief!! Robber!!’’ The big man screamed.

Slowly the black clad figure raised his right
arm and with one quick flick of the wrist—.

Pulled his gun?

Nope.

Just thumbed the fella off the field and called
"Play ball!”

You guessed the answer. Our friend behind the mask
is an arbitrater of the National Pastime. An umpire.

In this instance though, the player was right.
The umpire was a robber and quite possibly could
have been a murderer or any other type of criminal,
for the game was being played behind the high grey
walls of the Correctional Institution. However,
unlike umpires of the past, this years breed are con-
fident in their calls and have no worries of whether
or not they were the correct decisions. Todays um-
pires are all graduates of the Eastern Training
School for umpires and Scorers, an affiliate of the
Umpires Association of The National Baseball
Congress.

As such they are registered in the Official Baseball
Annual and are qualified to officiate in any of the
several thousand leagues that comprise the Congress.
These leagues range from the small amatuer groups
that dot the country up to the professional ranks.

The idea of training umpires in a prison was
born a number of years back when the U.S. Pen-
itentiary at Atlanta, Georgia, asked the Congress to
adapt a course for training men on a merit system—
so that the inmates later — if they desired, could
go right into umpiring when they returned to
Society. Since that time, a tailored plan has met
with success throughout the country and is pre-
sently in action in twenty states and federal pen-
itentiaries. They range from the deep Southern
prisons at Tallahassee, Florida and Angola, Lou-
isiana to the institution on McNeil Island in the far
northern state of Washington.

The training method introduced is similiar to
that of a correspondence school. Applicants are
required to study monthly lessons and are given
written examinations to determine if they have a
complete knowledge of all the rules and are able to
interpret them correctly. 

Unique situations are brought up and each man is
asked to give his ruling if such a play should occur
during a game that he is calling. These rulings are
then discussed and a man must have the ability to
cite precedent for his action, or if there is no known
precedent, must explain his judgement of the situa-
tion to the examining official. Since the call on the
field is often made in a matter of seconds, the
queries in the classroom must be answered just as
quickly.

On-the-job training, so to speak, is conducted
on the prison sports field during the playing of act-
ual games, and if a man can survive in this arena, he
should find the ball fields of the outside, easy pick-
ings. It’s one thing to call out a player on a close
play, when that player is a stranger or one that you
only run into once in awhile, but, seeing the same
man day in and out, working and living alongside
of him, well — Lets face it, you have to really love
the game in order to keep your personal feelings out
of a call. The success of the school and the integrity
of the graduates is attested to by the fact that this
year there have been fewer protests submitted to
the commissioners of the leagues than at any time in
the past.

The driving force behind our umpires school
has been the co-ordinated effort of three men; Mr.
James Thompson, Athletic Director, Frank S. Sch-
mek, and John Pisieczko. Mr. Thompson and Frank
first got their heads together after the 1960 season
saw the coming and going of a number of umpires.
After the program was running smoothly, Frank
turned his duties over to Pisieczko — or Gunsmoke
as he is known to his friends — who continued to
instruct the newcomers along with Mr. Thompson.
Plans were broadened and now there is not only a
school for baseball umpires, but also a training course
for officials in the sports of basketball and football.

So far none of Easterns Umpire Graduates
have had opportunity to stand behind the plate in a
game outside, but when the time does come they’
be ready, willing and able. This should solve some
of the problems of outside league commissioners
who are always hearing complaints of their umpires
not standing up to the players or being intimidated
by the fans. When the man behind the plate has
served time for an axe-murder or bank robbery,
the player may hesitate before offending his feelings.

In the meantime our umpires are still studying
for the day when the warden raises his thumb and
says those welcome words.

“You're out!”

Eastern Training School for Umpires and Scorers

Graduates

Frank S. Schmek
John Pisieczko
Authur E. Briscoe
Alfred Quizzi
Robert Yurkin
Fletcher Gilyard
Albert Walls
Charles Whiting
Earl Brown

Haywood McCaison
David Marrison
William West
David Brinkley
Willie Fordham
William Gardner
William H. Farmer
George P. Davis
David L. Valmont

Frederick W. Adams
