---
id: "731"
title: "None"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Recently Dr. J. Barton Nuttley, esteemed City psy-
chiatrist, gave this exclusive interview to your re-
porter:

Q. Dr. Nuttley, would you be good enough to tell
me how long you have been practicing ?

A. Practicing? Why do you ask? I’m extremely
suspicious of people who ask questions of this
nature. It makes me feel dreadfully insecure,
almost as if | were a complete misfit, lacking
mother love, rejected, lashing out at authority,
unable to cope with the complexities of our
socio-economic environment. But forgive me.
Please continue.

Q. Approximately how many patients do you treat
in a year, and what would you consider their
most common complaint to be?

A. First of all, I don’t refer to them as patients.
No indeed! Rather they are my “‘guests.”’ Par-
don me, but would you be kind enough to close
that window beside you—-germs, you know.
Thanks very much. And here, be so good as
to put these rubber gloves on, and this sterile
gauze mask across your mouth. That's much
better. I feel considerably more secure now,
and my anxieties are in check—well, at least |
have suppressed them. However, | really don’t
recommend suppression; it can lead to feelings
of guilt, which can turn into chronic psycho-
somatic complaints or even schizophrenic per-
sonality patterns, which in turn could trigger a
definite paranoiac reaction—aggravate the
whole basic concept of Freudian psychoanaly-
sis, thus creating a disquieting and extremely
perplexing sensation of total inadequacy that
may manifest itself in the form of deep rooted
psychosis that would require immediate, and
perhaps prolonged and drastic treatment in-
volving the latest tested and accepted methods
for treating latent paranoiacs ... Nasty busi-
ness! But what was it you were saying before
you interrupted me?

Q. This is all very interesting, doctor, but one last
question. Do you, as a noted psychiatrist, feel
that tranquilizers are really effective?

A. Before I answer that question, would you help
me move this couch away from the window?
Thanks ever so much. Lovely couch, don’t you
think? Just feel that leather! Vermillion is
such a restful color. They just don’t make
couches like this anymore. It adjusts into thirty-
seven different positions, has a built in heating
pad, and was manufactured in Grand Rapids,
Michigan. It also has the Good-Housekeeping
Seal of Approval, and... but I’m afraid that
I'm getting away from the subject. Tranquil-
izers. Well yes, tranquilizers are tranquilizing.
I take them myself—particularly when I feel
overly rebellious, or when I seem to lack per-
sonal identity. Goodness! | am afraid that time
has gotten away from me. | didn’t realize it
was so late. Now you must excuse me; I have
a most urgent appointment. My analyst, you
know ...
