---
id: "732"
title: "Profile"
author: "CULLEN, Robert F."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Profile...

Located on the main floor of a large metropolitan 
art musem are a collection of carvings dating from
early B. C. to the late 19th century.

It is a pity that those persons who assembled the
collection did not venture to include some 20th cen-
tury modern, for they would have had to travel no
farther than the grey confines of Eastern to find
suitable material. In our visiting room showcases,
there are a number of small figures that seem to have
combined the whimsical smile of their creator and his
tolerant attitude toward life.

These intricate figures, carved by our selected
profile, George Wallace, are a study in patience when
viewed from the craftsmens eyes. Standing only
six inches high, each portrayal is a minute replica of
Hobous Americana, from the tattered hat to the
worn shoes.

The knack of carving these figurines was not
acquired overnight, and in fact, was the result of
eleven years of training. Beginning with the basic
products of woodcraft, jewelry boxes and picture
frames, George gradually worked to his present
station.

The knowledge of wood and it’s potential has
made easier the learning of carpentry, a trade he
intends to pursue when he is released. Wallace sort
of takes a busman’s holiday every other night, as
he attends the Eastern Carpentry School which you
might say teaches the trade of building from the
ground up.

He has been a pupil of this school for almost
three years and was one of the prime contributors
in the erection of a large scale model of a large
scale model home that has been placed on display
in several locations.

He is fortunate that his work has been recognized by
a local contractor who has offered him employment
when he is released.

George has also taken moments from his own time
to attend classes in Easterns Academic school where
he is studying painting, commercial and Art.
He hopes that his knowledge of sign painting will
add to his income when he is released while the art
he does for his own pleasure is a method of releasing
pressures that are constantly accumulating within out-
siders and insiders.

Such an attitude, plus the fact that he has proven
his stability by remaining in the same shop for
eleven years are indicative of a desire to settle down
and become a member in good standing of the out-
side community.

by Robert Cullen
