---
id: "733"
title: "Eastern Chess Review"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0019.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Eastern Chess Review

By Thomas Williams

The fall activity of the E.S.P. Chess Club got un-
derway quickly with two matches to report. As the
reports of these chess duels go to press there will be
many more in progress. However, they will be
given wide coverage in our next issue.

On September 23, the very strong Germantown
Y Chess Club engaged E.S.P. in a social match. The
results were disastrous for our club. They were de-
cisively beaten 3 1/2 - 1/2 game points. The lone draw
was achieved by our club champion Andre Pasche-
dag. The results of this match were as follows:
Clarence Kalenian (GY) won over William Hallo-
well (ESP). George Walsh (GY) bested T. Braw-
ner (ESP) and Lester Segal (GY) won over Ray
Thompson (ESP). Richard Abrams (GY) drew
with Andre Paschedag (ESP). The results of this
match and the games after analysis showed a marked
decrease in the play of the E.S.P. Chess Club.
Inactivity can stale a club’s play but justification is
not in order here. The next match showed some-
what the flashes of brilliance which enabled our
club to wn and draw with such strong contenders
as the Franklin CC-Germanttown Y - Ukrainian
Americans - Post 396, etc.

On November |, the E.S.P. Chess Club encoun-
tered representitive chess students of LaSalle Col-
lege. The E.S.P. Chess Club overwhelmed them by
a score of 4 1/2 - 2 1/2. This match represented the first
meeting of these two worthy clubs. The one sided
scores do not attest to poor play by the LaSalle
oppents. It was a matter of middle game weakness
which decided most of the games. The individual
scoring of the games were as follows:

M. Pearson(ESP) A. Paschedag (ESP) R. Thomp-
son (ESP) and T. Williams (ESP) respectively
won over - M. Rea (LaSalle) Walt Fraser (LaSalle)
R. Cleary (LaSalle) P. Hidalgo (LaSalle).

W. Hallowell (ESP) and T. Connors (ESP) lost
to A. Saldatti (LaSalle) and D. Russel (LaSalle).
T. Brawner (ESP) drew with F. Laverty (LaSalle).

The members of the E.S.P. Chess Club have
begun individual club play. The contests have been
fiery affairs with good play throughout the entire
proceedings. There are a few beginners in the club
who have yet to score a win. These fellows cannot
be criticized as - chess knowledge is a gradual thing
for most people. This writer can remember his first
year of chess. With these memories in mind | must
doff my hat to these fellows courage in defeat, in
order to learn this fascinating game

FLASH: There are a few members of the E.S.P.
Chess Club who are showing flashes of brilliance.
One notably is Leonard Massey who after a short
year or so of playing is definitely dominating the
lower class members. At this time of publication he
should be moved up to challenge the players of B.
Class. His aggressive and never say die type of play
has given him many a victory when defeat seemed
inevitable. Another player to watch is Nathaniel
Spencer whose preference for chess theory and po-
sitional play should make him a most formidable
foe in a very short time. Another player showing
promise is Joe Antoniewicz. His steady play has
shown an ability to apply what necessary know-
ledge he has acquired.

On October 14, the Comegy Food of the new In-
dustrial League started their chess season by engag-
ing the ESP lower class players. They were
accompanied by (The former Phila. Chess Asso.
President) Mr. Edward Strehle. It was an afternoon
heightened with chess excitement, though, our club
again met defeat. The overall scoring was 4 - 1.
The individual scoring was as follows:

T. Goodfellow (ESP) won over C. Jansen (I.L.).
M. Smith (ESP) lost to J. McBride (I.L.) S. Moroz
(BSB) lost to) E. Strehle (I.L.).

A. Hewitt (ESP) lost to J. Potter (I.L.). In spite
of the heavy losses suffered by ESP, it wasn’t exactly
a gloomy evening. The recognition of the next mans
chess ability has been instilled in the minds of our
chess club. Jhe main factor stressed is the con-
tinued study of chess-to overcome the many
weaknesses now present.

NOTE: One of our top rated players and 1960-
61 club champion Andre Paschedag will depart to
another institution. I wish to bestow a special plaudit
upon this fellow who so diligently applied himself
to chess. I can personally attest to this. The help he
gave this writer in his first struggling year of chess
will be remembered. So Andy from all the fellows
in the club, we wish you all the luck in the world, and
continued interest in the game of chess.
