---
id: "734"
title: "Jazz! What is it?"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
For more than half a century of existence, Jazz
has resisted definition. There have been attempts,
of course, many of them. Most of the efforts to
write a definition of jazz try to be as broad and
inclusive as possible, instead of being definite,
(which should be the least one should expect of a
definition), and even then they are often uncertain
or actually misleading.

What, for example, do we find if we turn to a
dictionary—in this case Funk and Wagnalls New
College Standard Dictionary, 1947?

“JAZZ—A form of syncopated dance music using
novel harmonic and melodic effects to suggest
improvisation, depending on a sustained but
complex rhythm, and utilizing such non-orches-
trial instruments as the Saxophone, Piano and
Guitar as well as the regular band instrumenis;
developed from Negro rhythms and ragtime."

by Frederick W. Adams
JAZZ
What is it?

The snide cracks about “effects to suggest im-
provisation’’ would be the tip-off that this was a
definition of Jazz written looking down ones nose
if there were not further evidence to this effect in
the unqualified categorizing of Saxophone, Piano,
and Guitar as “Non-Orchestral Instruments.”

Moving to less deliberately Square sources, Music
Historian, Carter Harman says, “Jazz is primarily
improvision; its song is the Blues, which grew out of
ancient Negro work songs and religious laments; its
form is related to the Passacaglia and Chaconne of
Bach’s day, except that its original theme (usually
the whole of a twelve bar Blues or a thirty-two bar
popular song) is not necessarily played but is re-
peated only in the performers imaginations while
they develop their group variations on it.”

This begins to get at the heart of the matter, but
it is so broad that it provides little in the way of di-
rection for someone seeking enlightenment.

Jazz historian Barry Ulanov has tried to extend
the basic idea expressed in Harman's definition in
this matter.

Jazz is a new music of a certain distinct rhythmic
and melodic character, one that constantly involves
improvisation—of a minor sort in adjusting accents
and phrasing of the tune at hand, of a major in cre-
ating music extemporaneously, on the spot. In the
course of creating Jazz, a Melody or its under-lying
chords may be altered. The rhythmic valuations of
notes may be lengthened, or shortened according to
a regular scheme, syncopated or not, or there may
be no consistent pattern of rhythmic variations so
long as a steady beat remains explicit. The beat is
usually four-quarter notes to the bar serving as a
solid rhythmic base for the improvisation of soloists
or groups playing eight or twelve measures, or some
multiple or divident thereof.’"

Possibly the best combinations of scope and com-
pactness in definition of Jazz has been produced by
Marshall Stearns.

“Jazz: A semi-improvisational American music
distinguished by an expressiveness characteristic of
the free use of the human voice, and a complex flow-
ing rhythm; it is the result of a three-hundred year
blending in the United States of the European and
West African musical traditions; and its predomin-
ant components are European harmony, Euro-Afri-
can melody, and African rhythm.”

The basic difficulty in understanding a definition
of Jazz is that the music has developed so many
facets, each with its own set of followers, that it is
almost impossible to formulate any single descrip-
tion that will clearly portray, even roughly, the quali-
ties that all of those will qualify broadly as Jazz
fanciers consider essential to what they hold to be
Jazz. Even if one went to the greatest extreme and
included every quality that everybody thinks is es-
sential to Jazz, the result would produce—in addi-
tion to total confusion—bitter arguments about the
inclusion of things that Jazz followers of almost ev-
ery school would feel strongly have nothing to do
with Jazz.

Now we get to one of the primary causes for the
difficulty in acquiring a positive definition of Jazz:
The word means different things to different people.
The word exists and has no commonly understood
meaning, people are bound to fill the vacuum by
using the word as they see fit.

We have two broad categories of people who use
the word. There are those that like Jazz and those
who are not interested in it. For this latter group,
Jazz is a handy word for classifying any kind of
musical activity on which they look down. Pop
singers, Dance Bands, Rock and Roll, or whatever
draws their scorn. They are all “Jazz.” “Jazz,” for
these people, is used as a smear word.

Within this group, also, are those who still hold
fast to the idea that any music not classical, is, ipso-
facto Jazz. These days it is a rare thing to find any-
one below the age of fifty except a professional
fuddy-duddy who still labors under this delusion.

As for the other half—those who like Jazz—they
are likely to use the word with such fine definition
or distinction that they cannot agree among them-
selves where Jazz ends and something else begins
(or vice versa). These are the people that are con-
fident that they know what Jazz is. To most of them
the word “‘Jazz,”’ has a specific meaning and sugges-
tion, and when they use the word, they mean what
they think of as Jazz and nothing else.

This group breaks down into smaller groups
based largely on age, there is a striking connection
between a person's age and his view of what con-
stitutes Jazz. This could be demonstrated with charts
and diagrams, but the case can be stated just as well
with words.

As of 1961, this is the relationship between age
and meaning.

Age 75:
There is no such thing as Jazz. What people mean
when they say “Jazz,” is actually Ragtime played
wrong with no appreciation of the value of notes.

Age 65:
Jazz was invented by the Original Dixieland Jazz
Band and was carried on with some success by the
Original Memphis Five and Earl Fuller's Jazz Band
(Their Victor Recording of “Slippery Hank’’ and
“Yah-De-Dah’” are choice collector's items of the
real stuff), but died out in the early 1920's.

Age 55:
Jazz was invented by Jelly Roll Morton, Louis
Armstrong, King Oliver, and the New Orleans Rhy-
thm Kings. Jazz ended when Armstrong went com-
mercial in 1929.

Age 45:
Jazz was invented by Benny Goodman, who took
the crude, fumbling efforts of well-intentioned per-
formers such as Armstrong, Fletcher Henderson,
and Duke Ellington, and built on them, works of
polish and precision that shined in a Blaze of Glory.
This was lost by the corrupters that followed Good-
man.

Age 35:
Jazz was invented by Charlie Parker in a flash of
devine inspiration in a chili house in Harlem. Park-
ers invention was unique and original and had no
relationship to the early music sometimes referred to
as Jazz. Since Parker's death Jazz has suffered from
lack of guidance. But music is eternal. BIRD
LIVES!

Age 25:
Jazz was invented by Dave Brubeck, who com-
bined the modern ideas of our time with the rhythm
and drive of the New Orleans musician, and created
a music so respectable that you can even take your
folks to hear it.

Age 15:
Jazz is about to be invented by Ornette Coleman,
The Nutty Squirrels, or Bobby Darin, although for
awhile, it looked like Fabian might make it. But no
matter who invents Jazz, we are going to get rid of
all those chords and fugues and tunes and keys and
stuff. It’s got to be pure. We start with a clean slate.

Age 5:
There is no such thing as Jazz. It’s just Mommy
and Daddy. 
