---
id: "735"
title: "Pen Point News"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Pen Point News

Advocates Flack Program
be stepped-up

Bigger and Better Flacks
said to be the answer

Special :-—

During the course of an impromtu press con-
ference which he held here today in Steve's Bar
and Grill, Senator Blurb sounded a grim note of
warning when he stated, "We have the capacity and
the know-how to narrow the Flack gap, if it is not
widened. There's no reason why we cannot get the
Flack program moving providing we get interesting
people such as visiting firemen, bird watchers, beat-
niks, the D.A.R., together with corporation execu-
tives with large expense accounts, without a conflict
of interests, behind the program.’ He then went on
to say: “Unlike the flacks currently in use in the Iron
Curtain countries which are operated with giant-
sized used car batteries, ours are equipped with
combs which contain stored up charges of static elec-
tricity.”

When asked about the type of fuel used to power
the flacks he said: “That problem will be overcome
by our sub-committee on flacks. Personally, I flavor
flacks fueled with bourbon and branch water. That
is to say, I meant, flacks fueled with 100 proof
octane or that type of fuel which permits the flack
to be guided in such a manner it delivers its pay load
broadside when loaded of course. But first, we must
choose between a pay as you go plan or a plan as
you go.”

In reply to the question as to when we may expect
a moon shot he stated: ““We can look forward with
firmness, to a shot of moon any day now, possibly
not later than New Year's Eve if not sooner.”

Asked what he thought about the need of firm
leadership and if it was absolutely necessary, he
replied: “I’m glad you asked that question. Now, |
will say this. My answer to this question. If we are
to. Now, when faced with no alternative. It is my
firm conviction that we as a people. I would say
there’s an answer to everything and |’m sure we'll
find it if given time. Yes, that’s it, Just give us time.”
