---
id: "736"
title: "Tames Semat mobbed by Fans outside courtroom"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Tames Semat mobbed by Fans
outside courtroom

Following a brief appearance here in
court today where his manager-guardian,
G. Cleft, sought an increase in his pro-
tege’s cost-of-living allowance, the latest
addition to the Rock and Roll Set, Tames
Semat, was mobbed by a group of teen-
age admirers outside the court.

Police reserves had to be called out to
restore order. It was not until his fans
promised to return his shirt, tie and
pants that the latest rave of Rock and
Roll agreed to address his devoted fol-
lowers. ‘‘One never knows where the
source of the artist’s inspiration may
come from,’’ he intoned with the melli-
fluous tones from the voice which had
sent thousands of his fans in orbit with
scarcely a quiver of his pelvis.

When comparable quiet was again re-
stored he yielded to the insistence of his
fans and described the source of inspira-
tion for his newest hit song. ‘‘Clinical
Tests Prove I Love You." It came, he
explained, while he was listening to the
melodic sound of dish water draining
down the kitchen sink in the home of his
manager in Brooklyn. He then went on
to further explain how the inspiration
had compelled him to write the lyrics
while his manager had written the words.
It was an act of togetherness, he con-
fided, adding how the sound of running
water had always held a certain fascina-
tion for him, giving him that way out
feeling particularly if the water was
passed under a bridge or drained from a
radiator at night.

Tames’ appearance in court resulted
from his manager’s efforts to have his
allowance increased to keep pace with
a cost-of-living rise incurred by the sing-
er’s frequent trips to New Jersey where,
he claimed, the sound of water gurgling
down kitchen drains has a more ecstatic
fascination than the sinks in Brooklyn.

It was, in the words of one of the
devotees of the stratosphereo school of
Rock and Roll, a highly enlightening and
never-to-be forgotten day of poignant
blissfulness.

Later in the day, during a recording
session at Studio K-39—Station CLASH
—Tames’ manager furnished an interest-
ing footnote to history when he disclosed
that his great, great, great grandfather,
after escaping from Dartmoor Prison in
England, stowed away on the Mayflower.
It was while he was concealed in the hold
of the Mayflower beneath huge casks of
wine that he wrote the hit song of that
era, ‘‘When the lights go on again in
Dartmoor.’’ Mr. G. Cleft further revealed
that the original version of the song
(dedicated to Bridey Murphy) was re-
cently unearthed with the Delaware Sea
Serolls. The song, he promised, would
soon be released under the ‘Top Label’
when Tames’ latest film would have its
premiere showing at the Arena.
