---
id: "737"
title: "Kid Dynamite"
author: "WALDEN, Spencer"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
KID DYNAMITE

by Spencer Walden

Prisons, due to their grimness of purpose and
policy, are not looked upon as sources of humor.
However, this grimness plus the human capacity to
err has served to produce many incongrous mom-
ents.

A classic momento in this regard occurred many
years ago in an ancient, though not venerated, prison
on the eastern seaboard. Grotesque in design as in
its purpose, an anachronistic link with the darkest
ages of penology, this prison, then in its second cen-
tury of existence, still continued the inhumane
practices of the past of which it was a relic.

Unventilated and lacking modern improvements
it was a choice breeding place for vermin that bred in
its crumbling buildings and the rodents nesting be-
neath its foundations.

At the height of the depression this ancient bastile
was dangerously overcrowded and the inmate pop-
ulation subsisted on food that was, by any standard,
unfit for human consumption.

Trouble was brewing. The signs were obvious,
and the warden, an ebbulient dipsomaniac, took
refuge behind his bottle of spirits.

A riot broke out and the convicts vented their
rage against anything and everything convenient.
The city police and the state troopers were quickly
mobilized and armed with riot guns and tear gas
bombs. The uprising was soon quelled and the con-
victs confined in their cells.

Among the convicts was a colored inmate who,
having fought in the prize ring and possessing a
potent punch, had compiled an impressive string of
knockouts in the course of which he had acquired
the ring moniker of “Kid Dynamite.”

Kid Dynamite, on the day following the riot, was
one of the first of the convicts ordered confined in
a punishment cell. Having not participated any more
actively in the riot than had several hundred other
convicts, those who had fared better than he set up
a steady clamor demanding his release from a pun-
ishment cell.

The warden realizing, despite the whiskey-soaked
fog enveloping him, that he had won at least a tem-
porary victory in confining the convicts in their cells,
deemed it time to admit the newspapermen who were
demanding visible evidence of the riot.

The horde of reporters followed at the warden’s
heels as he led them up the main corridor to the
head of the first cell-block containing the locked up
convicts.

‘‘Now, men,” the warden counseled the reporters,
"just listen to them.”

The convicts, unaware of the presence of the re-
porters, kept up their steady chant, “We want
Dynamite. We want Dynamite.

"There you are," the warden pointed out.

“Listen to what they’re asking for — and you know
I can’t let them have dynamite in here."
