---
id: "738"
title: "Life Liberty and the Pursuit of..."
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Life
Liberty
and the
Pursuit
of.....

By George:

“If men are to be precluded from offering their
sentiments on a matter, which may involve the most
serious consequences, that can invite the considera-
tion of mankind, reason is of no use to us; the free-
dom of speech may be taken away and, dumb and
silent we may be led, like sheep, to the slaughter.”

G. Washington

The power to tax ...

The Commonwealth of Massachusetts intends to
pay one, Rodriguez, the sum of $60,000 compensa-
tion as a result of his serving two and one-half years
of illegal imprisonment. When Rodriguez is given
this monetary compensation or any part thereof, it
will be interesting to note what amount the govern-
ment will demand in taxes. It would appear, in view
of the circumstances, that no branch of the govern-
ment would have a moral right to levy taxes under
such conditions.

The Mentor

And now ...

The surprising thing about circumstantial evidence
is this: juries will continue to convict on this kind of
evidence in spite of the many cases which later
proved to be without a semblance of truth. The
whole system of jurisprudence will take a forward
stride when faulty testimony is no longer permitted
to enter a case where the life and/or liberty of a per-
son is in jeopardy. Pardoning an innocent man after
he has spent a number of years in prison for a crime
he did not commit, is a poor show of justice.

The Agenda

‘Tis said . . . 

Seclusion behind walls and iron bars, in an atmos-
phere rife with the microbes of malice and wrong
thinking, has never yet, and never will reform any
man. It might cower him for a time, but it will never
convince him that he can’t win. If anything it will
only embitter the man and make him over into a
vicious person who will be more of a menace to so-
ciety than the day he went to prison. Any environ-
ment that does not hold out one single incentive to
encourage the prisoner's mind with desire for self-
improvement, cannot be expected to accomplish the
avowed purpose of prisons.

The Agenda

It’s tougher than you think .. .

In the interests of officer training U.S. Secret
Service Agent John J. Kiljan passed out several
dozen counterfeit $10 bills for inspection by dele-
gates to the Mississippi-lennessee Peace Officer's
Association at Memphis, Tennessee.

The agent counted the bills after they had been
handed around and found that five of the phonies,
stamped ‘Counterfeit’? on both sides were missing.

Now and then...

Nothing is always wrong. Even a run-down clock
is right twice a day. Past experience should be a
guide post, not a hitching post.

False hopes ...

“By far the larger majority of men confined in
prison even when busy are filled with discontent.
They are not doing something important enough,
hard enough, engrossing enough, to make it worth-
while.”

A near miss ...

From the fabled city on the Golden Gate comes
the story of a statuesque waitress who after partak-
ing freely of the juice from the grape was lodged in
a cell in the local Bastille. Tiring of her environment
she decided to wriggle through a small opening in
the door of her cell through which food was passed.
The 28 year old with a 35-22-36 figure managed to
squeeze the 35 through, the 22 was a cinch but the
opening, lacking a three-way-stretch, would not ad-
mit the 36. And hacksaws had to be employed by
the jailers in order to free the near miss.

Barnyard philosophy . . .

Don’t be like the rooster who thought the sun rose
to hear him crow.

This above all...

A man’s character is largely determined by his
environment. If that environment tends to corrupt,
then it is easy to see what the results will be. The
environs of any prison are not by any means con-
ducive to a healthy physical or moral being. There
is little in prison-life that is elevating; little that ex-
erts a beneficial effect upon the lives of the confined.

The Agenda

Thought for the month . . .

All of us leave footprints in the sands of time.
Some leave the impression of a great soul—others
just make the mark of a heel.

Ex post facto .. .

In the final analysis, the only place to begin re-
forming a criminal is with his grandfather. In other
words, and in terms of dollars and cents, it would
be wise and profitable to spend a great deal less
money on the criminal that is, and spend a little
more on the criminal to be. Begin by reducing pris-
on populations and bring the real problem within
reach so that the proper system can be applied
successfully.

More deadly than ...

There are many states in the United States where
the right of jury service is still denied to women.

Intriguing thought . . .

A fellow went to a psychiatrist and complained
about his bad memory. “I have a terrible memory,
Doc. I can’t remember a thing.” he said.

The psychiatrist then asked. “‘How long has this
been going on?”

And the fellow returned. “How long has WHAT
been going on?”

A moment of truth ...

Perhaps the reason it is said the wheels of justice
grind exceedingly slow and small is due to their be-
ing turned by small men.

Shooting from the lip . . .

Assuredly, no great prison reform will be forth-
coming that is not practical in its application. This
subject is being forever discussed from every angle,
and there are a multitude of probabilities and theo-
ries being offered by the meddlers. However, any
definite progressive steps in our prison system must
have the approval of our legislatures. It is a notable
fact that less than ten per cent of the legislators has
ever been inside the prison. How can they know the
true needs?

The Agenda

At last...

It is said that a man who, when a good-looking
girl enters a room, watches everyone else is apt to
be a psychologist.

Better yet...

Why kill time when you can kill yourself.
