---
id: "739"
title: "Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
MUSICIAN'S
CORNER

by FREDERICK W. ADAMS

On Sunday evening, October 8, Station WESP
presented a live performance of three talented in-
mates on the Ray Thompson Show. Those, who
were unfortunate enough not to be tuned in missed
an exciting treat.

The trio was comprised of James "Ace’’ Robin-
son, bongos (top rhythm); Warren “Frog” Curtis,
bongos (bottom rhythm); and Titus Jones, cow-
bell. The three compositions performed were “Cub-
ano—Be Cubano—Bop", "Afro Blue", and "The
Not So Quiet Village"; the latter an original con-
ceived by Curtis. All numbers were of Afro-Cuban
content with various contrapuntal rhythms and
spiced throughout with African chants and calls in
the native tongue.

I'm sure most fellows are acquainted with Stan
Mileski, the clerk in the library; he’s the one you
often see sitting in the yard by the laundry playing
an accordian. Beside that, and stamping dates in
books, Stan does a little tune writing in his cell. Not
for kicks—for money.

At the moment he has two songs going for him in
the juke boxes of the United States, Canada,and
France. His contract is with Empire Music Corp. of
Canada, who has released the two recordings; “A
Treasure In You” and You Are My Special One’’.
The second number was written in collaboration with
John “Skinny’’ Dyer, who left us a month or so ago.

Though neither tune has received much acclaim
in this country as yet, they have been doing well in
both Canada and France.

Jymie “Snooks" Lane and his Charmers gave a
guest performance October 15, on Station WESP.
Vocalist Jerome Chavis and Warren Curtis (bongos)
participated also.

The first number, “Hallelujah! I Just Love You
So’’, was a vocal solo by Chavis with the Charmers
and Curtis supplying the background and rhythm.

The remaining numbers, “The White Cliffs of
Dover’, “‘Drowned In My Own Tears” and “Pretty
Baby’’, were done by the Charmers with a rhythmic
assist from Curtis on the latter tune only.

It was a relaxing twenty minutes of song from a
polished group. Lane, himself, sings lead tenor and
plays the guitar with Frankie Cousar and Titus Jones
on second and third tenors, Dillard McAverette on
baritone and Sam Graham on bass.

Teddy Harper, on whose show the presentation
was made, asked them to return again in December.

COMMENTS FROM ERNIE WILKENS:
(alto, tenor, composer, arranger)

Dizzy Gillespie was the first man
to introduce an altogether new jazz
trumpet style since Louis Armstrong
first startled the jazz world.
Harry Carney isn’t the most mod-
ern, but is so great! Without him,
Duke’s band wouldn’t sound like
Duke. Whenever I hear Benny
Goodman on the old records, I have
to love the "old man". I think,
though, that Artie Shaw was the
most inventive. —— Frank Wess is
head and shoulders above the rest on
jazz flute.

I was fortunate enough to hear Ray Perry on violin
shortly before he died; if he had lived, I know by
now he would have had much recognition and
would have been heard on records. —— Sinatra
just gets greater and greater. I was a lover of
Lunceford’s incomparable orchestra but I can't
forget the Duke Ellington band of the late thirties
and forties.

Thad Jones has a clear, lyrical sound; he’s fresh
and original. Joe Newman is “Mr. Soul’’; the par-
agon of consistency, and nobody can outswing him.
I'd like to mention, too, the long underrated Harry
Edison.

The Jazz Messengers are a swinging and very
exciting group. They have originality and freshness
and humor, and if you can’t pat your foot to their
music, you must be dead.

Charlie Buonassisi, of 12 block, has switched from
harmonica to flute. —— Bill Farmer, of 12/1, who
plays guitar and doubles on trumpet, also composes.
He entered in the Song of the Year contest in 1960,
sponsored by Songwriters Review magazine, but
didn’t finish in the money. He is now assembling
material for his 1961 entry.

Harry Farrell, the Deputy’s clerk, was Joe
Fatio’s lead trombone man in the days when Joe’s
dance band was swinging. —— Andy Paschedag
has given up on the Auto-Harp. Ray Thompson is
now trying his luck. Ernest Robinson of 6
block is seriously studying bass viol. At present he
uses Bish’s bass for his daily chores but is waiting
on his own. Charles Vennie has been beat out
of a trumpet again. Stanley Goldstein was a
professional entertainer before he became a sales-
man.

Jimmy Moss, guitarist, who is back with us, had
been making it professionally with a trio.
Trombonist Henry Upshur, is back from SCIR. —
— James “Ace’’ Robinson is showing a big interest
in trumpet. — Chuck Myers of 3 block plays
french horn and violin.

I would like to give my appreciation to all those
who have contributed material for this column and
extend an invitation to all those wishing to do so in
the future. Also, on behalf of the musicians of
SCIPHA, a nod of thanks to the disc-jockeys of
WESP for allotting time to live presentations on
their shows. Their endeavor to keep alive the spark
of music, when it is slowly dying, deserves a special
commendation at this time from all those interested
in our musical programs.

ALTERNATE METHOD FOR
BUILDING CHORDS

Each type of chord is composed of a combination of
notes according to a very definite musical and mathematical
rule.

To build a MAJOR chord you play the Ist, 3rd, and 5th
notes of the scale. For example, if you want to build a C
Major Chord you apply the rule for a Major Chord to the
scale of C. If you want to build the F Major Chord you
apply the rule for a Major Chord to the scale of F etc., etc.

The rule for building each type of chord is shown in the
left column below. All of the scales are shown in the col-
umn on the right hand side. To build any chord you desire,
just apply the rule for that particular chord to the scale in
the right hand column.

The name of each chord is determined by the scale to
which you apply the rule for building any type of chord.

Here is an example: If you apply the rule for a 7th
Chord to the scale of G you will build the G 7th Chord.
PLEASE NOTE THAT IN BUILDING A DIMINISHED
SEVENTH, THE SEVENTH NOT IS DOUBLE FLATTED.

There is no alternative but constant practice and study
of the chords if you are to become proficient. Your skill
will be in direct proportion to your chord know-how.

     TYPE OF CHORD            CHROMATIC KEY SCALES
|                             |    | 1   | 2   | 3    | 4   | 5    | 6   | 7    | 8    |
| MAJOR           1 3 5       | C  | C   | D   | E    | F   | G    | A   | B    | C    |
| SIXTH           1 3 5 6     | Db | Db  | Eb  | F    | Gb  | Ab   | Bb  | C    | Db   |
| SEVENTH         1 3 5 7b    | D  | D   | E   | F#   | G   | A    | B   | C#   | D    |
| NINTH           1 3 5 7b 9  | Eb | Eb  | F   | G    | Ab  | Bb   | C   | D    | Eb   |
| MAJOR 7th       1 3 5 7     | E  | E   | F#  | G#   | A   | B    | C#  | D#   | E    |
| MINOR           1 3b 5      | F  | F   | G   | A    | Bb  | C    | D   | E    | F    |
| MINOR 6th       1 3b 5 6    | Gb | Gb  | Ab  | Bb   | B   | Db   | Eb  | F    | Gb   |
| MINOR 7th       1 3b 5 7b   | G  | G   | A   | B    | C   | D    | E   | F#   | G    |
| MINOR 7th 5b    1 3b 5b 7b  | Ab | Ab  | Bb  | C    | Db  | Eb   | F   | G    | Ab   |
| AUGMENTED       1 3 5#      | A  | A   | B   | C#   | D   | E    | F#  | G#   | A    |
| AUGMENTED 7     1 3 5# 7b   | Bb | Bb  | C   | D    | Eb  | F    | G   | A    | Bb   |
| DIMINISHED 7th  1 3b 5b 7bb | B  | B   | C#  | D#   | E   | F#   | G#  | A#   | B    |
| SINGING SCALE               |    | do, | re, | mi,  | fa, | sol, | la, | ti,  | do   |
| SCALE OF INTERVALS          |    | I,  | II, | III, | IV, | V,   | VI, | VII, | VIII |
