---
id: "740"
title: "On Trial"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
On Trial

Following a trial during which the defense at-
torney had every reason to believe would result in
an aquittal for his client, the verdict of guilty re-
turned by the jury stunned the lawyer, whereupon
he demanded the jury be polled.

When asked how she had voted, a rather prim
looking woman haughtily replied. “Guilty as
charged.”

With a note of exasperation in his voice, the
lawyer then asked. “Lady, didn’t you listen to the
evidence in this case?”

The woman glared back at the lawyer for a brief
instant and then acidly replied. "No. I wanted to
make up my own mind whether he was guilty.”

“The jury, passing on the prisoner's guilt, may,
in the sworn twelve, have a thief guilticr than him
they try.”

It is seldom that a long case is tried during which
some of the jurors are not asleep more or less of the
time. It seems to be the custom for the lawyer to
shout so as to waken the sleeping juror, or send a
tipstaff to rouse him to a sense of the situation. In
some courts it is said they are permitted to sleep
peacefully on, on the theory of the strong probabil-
ity that if the juror were awake he would not have
understood or remembered what was said.

A French judge recently set aside a verdict and
ordered a new irial because one of the jurors was
asleep when some of the testimony was given. If the
judge sleeps while the counsel are arguing before
him etiquette in England and here in the United
States requires the attorneys to proceed in their
argument on the supposition that he is listening with
closed eyes.

The wisdom of juries received an illustration some
years ago when a defendent was charged with sell-
ing whiskey without a license on Sunday. The jury,
after wrestling with the case an hour, came in with
the astonishing verdict that the defendant was guilty
of selling whiskey on Sunday, but not guilty of sell-
ing without a license.

At Meadville, Pennsylvania a man and a woman
were tried before the court on a charge of adultery,
the offense, as alleged, having been committed with
each other. They were tried separately, and the
evidence was necessarily the same in both cases, as
also were the charges of the court. The results can
be anticipated: one jury in its wisdom decided that
the woman was guilty, and the other was satisfied
that the man was innocent.

A venerable member of the bar realizing the case
for or against his client hinged on the dubious testi-
mony of an ‘eye-witness’ for the prosecution, de-
cided to take the bull by the horns.

Intercepting the ‘eye-witness’ immediately prior
to the trial, the attorney carefully explained to him
that he was convinced the case was one of mistaken
identity. Further, when he, the ‘eye-witness’, took
the stand and was asked to identify his client; if he
would change his story and state instead he could
not be sure the defendant was the criminal whom he
saw commit the crime, why he, the attorney would
give him one thousand dollars at the conclusion of
the trial.

During the trial when the ‘eye-witness’ was called
to the stand, much to the surprise of the prosecuting
attorney, he insisted he could not be certain the de-
fendant was the same individual he saw commit the
crime.

The trial thus ending abruptly, the ‘eye-witness’
hurried out to the corridor outside the courtroom
and over to where the lawyer for the defense was
standing. “I did as you told me,” he panted breath-
lessly. “I changed my story on the stand and told
the jury I wasn’t certain your client was the man.
Where's my thousand dollars.”

The lawyer coldly looked at the ‘eye-witness’ and
then said. “You changed your story on the stand!
Get away from me; you Judas, before I take you
into the court and charge you with perjury.”
