---
id: "741"
title: "It's Bread"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0029.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Its Bread

In the wake of the recent disclosures in Denver,
Colorado that 42 policemen were involved in some
200 safe cracking jobs in which the loot exceeded
$250,000 many questions arise. At the present time
the investigation is still continuing and there are
indications that the law enforcement agencies in the
surrounding communities are involved in_ these
crimes. Apparently, the investigation has only
scratched the surface and citizens are asking how
this corruption started, as well as how it managed
to spread.

The breakdown of Denver's law enforcement was
one of the worst in history and will ultimately serve
as a case history demanding study by communities
throughout the nation.

John Paul Kenney, professor of public adminis-
tration at U.C.L.A. and a former policeman himself,
was called in to investigate the scandals by Gover-
nor McNichols offered the following explanation:

“The police thieves are for the most part naive,
simple farm boys from small-income, modest homes.
They don’t have much education, usually high-
school at best. They aren't very ambitious to begin
with, and once they get on the police force, they get
a little orientation but no real training. Usually, a
couple of officers talk to the new man and then as-
sign him to an older policeman, who may be a first
class crook.”

An explanation offered by one of the policemen
who was involved is perhaps more analytical. “A
drunk,’ he stated, “if he had dough on him, never
had it when he got to jail. If the bartender didn’t
roll him, the cops did. If the arresting officer didn’t
roll him, the paddy-wagon crew did. If the paddy-
wagon crew didn't, the guys in jail did.”’ There was
also the profitable pastime of frisking cadavers. “On
a D.O.A. (dead on arrival) there’s always a race to
get the cream. All the cars (police cars) go. You
want to beat the medical examiner and the public
administrator or they'll take it. It’s bread.”

Still another explanation is offered in the form of
an opinion by a police reporter who stated that, “lt
required the connivance of Denver's citizenry for
the cop corruption to spread as it did. Every small
and seemingly innocent gratuity offered to the cops
contributed to the breakdown.”

The burglar-cops were in a position to know when
Denver's merchants over-estimated their losses for
insurance purposes. On one occasion a cop making
his nightly rounds on finding the door to a leather
shop open took note the establishment had not
been disturbed, called the owner who sobbed.’ My
God, my God, I had leather goods stacked over
there to the ceiling and it’s all gone, all gone $20,-
000 worth of goods.”’

Explained the cop. “It would have taken a truck
to move that much and we could see that nobody
had been there. I informed the owner of this and
all he said was, ‘By the way, Officer why don’t you
bring your wife down and we'll fix her up with a new
leather coat—$80.00 to $100.00. And tell the
lieutenant and his driver to do the same thing.”

This situation is not by any means unique and
speaks for itself. However, the explanations given
are more in the nature of excuses than reasons for
these crimes.

There is also the question of how many innocent
men were wrongly convicted and sentenced to pris-
on for these crimes. Further, how much credence
can be placed in the testimony of these cops given
as evidence in obtaining convictions in cases other
than those they confessed to committing.
