---
id: "742"
title: "Tests for a Prison Chaplain"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. Arthur D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Tests For A
Prison
Chaplain

A. D- Williams; Th. D.

Is a Chaplain in a prison any different from one
noitserving in a prison?

From 1941 to 1947, I was an Army Chaplain. For
a number of years in Nashville, Tennessee, in Peters-
burg, Virginia, and in Harrisburg and Emeryville,
Pennsylvania, | served as Chaplain for the mentally
ill in State Hospitals. My answer is ‘‘yes’’ the Chap-
lain of a prison is different from any other Chaplain;
if for no other reason, he is not only “‘Chaplain of a
Prison,’ but also a “Chaplain in a Prison.”

His work is different. We, for example, have in
our Institution all male adults — (today’s popula-
tion is 1061). Every man the Chaplain faces is in
trouble. . . .

is separated from his family (?)
is separated from his friends (?)
is losing time
is wasting life
is burdened with guilt
is poisoned with bitterness
is stirred with hostility
is lonesome, homesick
is dehumanized by — number for name,
by clothes of shame, by common food, by
associating — 7 days each week, 24 hours
each day, and 168 hours each week and
730 hours each month, and 8,760 hours
each year with men of all classes, who in
turn have been consigned to prison for
crimes of all sorts and degrees........

We have men here with the highest academic
degrees and also those with the lowest I.Q.’s We
have men here from Christian homes and from pagan
background; men from mansions, men from hovels,
men with professional training and illiterate, men
with plenty, and men with poverty, men with families
and men without families.

All of this tells us that being unemployed is not
the sole cause of crime, since the majority of our men
were employed; being poor will not explain the cause
for crime, since some of our men come from homes
of riches. Not having a trade will not give the full
answer, since we have preachers, plumbers, police-
men, politicians, physicians, teachers, students,
scientists, authors, auditors, clerks, cashiers, bankers,
and at least 300 other occupations and jobs — re-
presented.

The Prison Chaplain seeks to know what are the
urges that move men to commit crimes. First, we
know that no man has committed a sin against man,
he has not broken the laws of the State, County, or
City, but the laws of God.

God’s laws come first, and any laws that are good
and just were the laws of the perfect Law Giver, be-
fore the laws contrived by imperfect man. The
Christian answer is the only answer to the problems
of the prisoner. He has a trade, he has a profession,
he has wealth, he has a family, he knows how to read.
write and count, but he does not do right; he does
not do the thing of value, the thing that counts.

To recapitulate, the Prison Chaplain is different.
His duties are different in character or intensity. He
has physical, if not all mental, adults. All his men
are in their troubles because they have been charged
with offenses against others, that they would not want
others to do to them. The Prison Chaplain is aware
that his men have broken the laws, not of man, but
God. The Prison Chaplain knows his men are no
better or no worse than men out of prison. Many are
in prison because they were “caught!”
There are no innocent men. There may be innocent
babies. When I think of the temper of the babies
that kept me awake, I am not sure.

This, I do know as a Prison Chaplain, that men
are in prison because of selfishnes. | can not think
of a wrong, a sin, a trespass or an iniquity, that is not
centered in Self. War, greed, dishonesty, untruth
and all the sin in the catalogue spring from self or
selfishness.

Once again, self makes us feel guilty. We may
escape the arm of man and the law, but we cannot
escape the arm of a guilty conscience. It follows us
everywhere and handcuffs and paralyzes our useful-
ness, often driving us to drink, use of drugs, diseased
minds and death.

A. Some claim that (causes for) crimes
are committed because of fear and con-
cern for one’s own weakness, to get the
“quick buck,” to avoid labor—why work
a week for $30.00 when you through
crime can get it in 3 minutes? Wine,
women and bad associates are often listed.

Poor parental and moral guidance all are
offered as reasons or causes or occasions
for crime. Take each one of these apart
and we will see that Self and selfishness is
the thing that triggers our trouble.

We repeat that all crime is due to the
neglect of the teachings of our Religious
faith. Budda, Confucius, Zoroaster, Brah-
ma, Shinto, Mohammed, Judaism, Catho-
licism, Protestantism or any of the civilized
fiats, will teach a man to do to others
things he wants done to him. They teach
that man must not hurt his fellowman,
by thought, word, or deed.

The Prison Chaplain does not feel we “‘pay a
debt to society,” in that all society is in debt. So-
ciety often creates the crime and the criminal com-
mits the crime. Society never gives us a receipt that
the debt is paid. We pay our debt to God, not man,
for our sins and errors. David had Urriah put to
death to get his wife. When David was convicted,
he did not say that he had sinned against Urriah or
society, but in Psalm 51: verse 4, he says: “Against
God, and only God have | sinned.’ You can hurt
man, but you sin against the only One who can for-
give sin.

The Prison Chaplain is different from other
Chaplains in that he knows that he too is a prisoner.
He knows that there can be 999 strong links in a
chain, but if the 1000th—just 1 link—is weak or
broken, he will fall if suspended over the canyon and
will die as dead as if 999 links were weak and one
was strong.

In Hebrew 13:3, we read: “‘Remember those
who are in prison, as though in prison with them.”
Or it is equally grammatically correct to translate it:
“Remember those who are in prison as fellow pri-
soners’ This convinces me that between those in
prison and those who are not there is no difference.

If I am doing all I should, these words of Jesus
would mean a prison for me— "But before (the end
of time) all this they will lay hands on you and
persecute you, delivering you up to the synagogues
and prisons, and you will be brought before kings
and governors for my names’ sake.” We Prison
Chaplains do not come to the prison to help the
“poor devils,’ for we are in captivity to sin and need
Jesus as our sponsor and advocate. We come to the
prison to help ourselves.

Finally, the Prison Chaplain takes seriously
Matthew 25:31-46. He is not there to help the ‘poor
devils,’’ the prisoners. He is there because of the
high privilege it gives him to serve God and help
himself.

Low, would be his motive and meager would
be his inspiration, if he was there to render help from
man to man. Rather, he is there since Jesus said:
“I was in prison and ye visited me.’ The desciples
asked, “when saw we thee in prison and visited
you?’ Jesus answered: “In as much ye did it to the
least man in prison, ye did it to me.”

This means, to the Prison Chaplain, that what-
ever he does for the prisoner, is not for the prisoner,
but service and honor to God. This is the highest
motive. This is the finest source of inspiration;
service of highest motive and quality, because it is
service to God!

B. The Prison Chaplain knows that his
task is to assist the restorative work of the
prisoner. He has been told that the man
is either in prison for punishment, deter-
rence, permanent custody or restoration.
The Prison Chaplain knows that a man
may be rehabilitated; that is, able to make
a living, or restored to his former status
in society and still have moral levels as
low as when he came to prison. The
Prison Chaplain knows that often the
crime for which a man is sentenced would
not have caused him to be sent to a pen-
itentiary. In almost all cases the man is in
the Institution more for the fact that he has
long neglected and rejected God, so at last
he is overtaken. He is really in prison,
because he has broken God’s law. What
the man needs above all else is regenera-
tion. He may have a trade, education and
wealth and still not be restored morally.
Thus, the Prison Chaplain takes as his task,
whether the man is serving one year or a
life time, to restore him morally. To give
him by guidance and precept and example
motivations that will lead the man to
to accept higher levels of thought, words
and deeds. The Prison Chaplain will seek
to show the man that what he sows he will
reap, that he can be sure his sins will find
him out. He will seek to reassure him
that no man is free from the urge to be
a criminal, but at the same time no mar
has to be a criminal.

The verse that satisfies this matter is credited to
Paul’s letter to the Corinthians — “There hath no
temptation taken you but is common to man; but
God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted
above that ye are able; but will with the temptation
also make a way of escape, that ye may be able to
bear it.”
