---
id: "743"
title: "Episcopal Chaplain"
author: "WASHINGTON, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Episcopal Chaplain

Father Paul Washington

“For behold I bring you good tidings of great joy
which shall be to all people.”

Each age from the beginning of time has probably
believed that the preceeding age of the “‘good old
days’ was far better than the one prevailing. And in
each age man seeks for those “good tidings of great
joy which will give freedom from fear, freedom
from want, and peace to calm his tension-filled soul
and body.

The shepherds and the wise men came to worship
this “‘child of promise’’ because they had heard that
He would reveal a way to them which could make
life meaningful, purposeful and worth living.

“Hard-boiled’’ men like Peter, Andrew, James
and John; well trained thinking men such as Paul
and Luke, surrendered to Christ’s way because to
them in Christ was revealed “The peace of God
which passeth all understanding.”

Mighty Rome, whose power extended as far as
the Roman legions could march and conquer; Rome
—whose emperors as well as scores of other gods
were worshipped, gave way to the “good tidings of
of great joy.”

Regardless of what kind of life men pursue today,
they are looking for peace—a way which will bring
quietude to their tension-filled souls.

War has been looked upon as the road io peace.
Crime has been pursued as the answer to various
problems. Deceit and duplicity have been used as
means to certain ends; education, politics, social
striving and money have all been sought as “that
which will satisfy’ the cravings of an empty soul.
A bandage can stop a wound from bleeding, but a
wound is not healed until Nature has replaced one’s
broken flesh with new tissues which will restore
health and wholeness to that which was torn and
sick.

Men have used many kinds of bandages to pro-
tect their bleeding hearts, but Christ the Saviour,
the way of life prescribed by Him, is the only peace
which can bring eternal rest to man—God’s prized
work of creation.

He has created us. He has preserved, sustained
and nurtured us; and he offers the way, the truth and
the life which every man seeks. This is truly a “good
tiding of great joy’ because this is really what is
lacking—this is really what we have been looking
for.

May the peace of the eternal God be yours this
Christmas and always.\
