---
id: "745"
title: "Football Review"
author: "Welty, John J. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0033.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Football
Review

by John J. Welty

Football, the great American sport, has been a
game of lasting interest throughout the decades re-
plete with action and thrills while marked by tragedy
during its years of existence. It has been. lambasted
and praised while being subjected to other forms of
censure. This, the result of fatalities which have
plagued the game. And yet, it has endured in spite
of continued misfortune.

Since its early entrance on the American scene it
bee slowly emerged into a sport of prominence. lis
many critics have repeatedly labeled the game too
rough for the young amen of Agerfes, “This opinion
is due partly to the rough action taking place in the
course of the game. The vast amount of players re-
ceiving injuries as the result of body contact lends
emphasis to the roughness of the game.

The body, is is said, is an organism that thrives on
motion. And exercise is truly the fuel keeping the
motor of our internal organs functioning properly.
Football is a sport that men who pride themselves
on their physical health can well be proud of. Many
great men of this country have been ardent football
players, among them being the late ex-President
Theodore Roosevelt and Senator Estes Kefauver.

Football is a sport which has been acclaimed not
only for its body- butlld ae powers but also for its
values which include good. sportsmanship, competi-
tiveness, and sense of fair play.

The institutes of learning which have included
football as their number one sport for physical train-
ing number in the thousands. This is truly a lasting
tribute to this great game.
