---
id: "746"
title: "Football or Field Goals Galore"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0034.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL
or
Field Goals Galore

“Giants Win Ghampionship”

The Giants managed by Charles Swift won five
straight games to cop the league title, four of these
games were shut-outs as the opposition was unable
to score. Now the Giants meet Mr. Thompson’s All
Stars in the Turkey Bowl on November 25th.

This team was superior in line strength. They have
men like Iron Man, Big Bobby, Big Six, Big Jr.,
Pencil, Creditt and Rocky. Their backs hit with a
potent impact as Snake, Stonewall, Rock, C.C., and
Mickey are capable runners, and with Joe Gardener,
Leo, and Norman at end spots, Quarterback Shakey
had a lot to work with, and he utilized it to his ad-
vantage. All this team was outstanding with each
man doing his share.

The main requisits for their victories were unity,
hustle, and a desire to win.

Giant record was 5 Wins, 1 Lost, 1 Tie.

Players:
John Welty       — F.B.    Joe Gardener — End
Alvin Young      — Q.B.    Robert Ledner  — 7
Charles Swift    — H.B.    Pencil Willie  — T
Rob. Jackson     — H.B.    David Wilder   — G
Mickey Taylor    — H.B.    Bobby Fry      — G
Charles C. Clark — H.B.    Chuck Johnson  — G
Norman Pearson   — End     Tom Connors    — Center
Leo Tillman      — End     Jerome Creditt — Center

Eagles: Managed by Carmine

The Eagles came in second behind their loss to the
Giants, this team lost their two main stars in Pinky,
and Sulkey, who were injured and failed to play in
the game with the Giants. All of Tookie’s hopes of
winning the Championship faded as his backs failed
the big task of eluding Giant Tacklers.

Tookie is perhaps the best player in the league now
and he did a splendid job in this game, but his re-
ceivers failed him and his runners didn’t jell as they
should have. Part of this team didn’t play too much
and this is the reason why the Eagles finished in se-
cond place, instead of winning the Championship.

The Eagles record is 3 Wins, 3 Losses.

Players:
David Andrews   — F.B.   Sandy Money  — T
Tookie Crane    — Q.B.   Knock Knock  — T
Leonard Massey  — H.B.   Brady        — T
Bobby Pennell   — H.B.   Pollack      — G
Cantoral        — H.B.   Buddy        — G
Willie Green    — End    Tate         — G
Jos. Battles    — End    Edward Parks — G
Walter Young     —  T    Carmine — Center
            Dave Gibbs — Center

Eastern Echo Colts: Managed by Robert Watson

This team finished up in last place mostly due to the
poor generalship of their quarterback Rob, who was
failing to use the teams potential when it was neces-
sary, and the team spirit died under the pressure
of loss after loss. The big standout on this team was
Billy Holley, 5°8’° 155 pounds of dynamite, who
runs and hits with the velocity of a fullback.

Due to the resentment of Rob as Quarterback and
his lack of ability, the team played only half heart-
edly, and this accounts for their poor showings.
The backs were Barnes, Holley, Johnson, Pear and
Dick, who are capable of lighting a big blaze but
failed again and again and again. Lack of pass
receivers also was another reason why this team
failed.

Colts record — Won 1, Lost 3, Tied 2

Players:
Bob Johnson      — F.B. Gunsmoke       — T
Billy Holley     — H.B. Bernard Harris — T
Wm. Barnes       — H.B. Joe Miller     — T
Rob Watson       — Q.B. Joe Gunther    — G
Pear Willams     — Q.B. Albert Walls   — G
Lomax            — End  Herb Allen     — G
Murry Dickinson  — End  Hersch         — G
Charles Adderley — End  Shoulders      — G
Al. Shep         — End  Billy Gardner  — G
Joe Kunn           — T  Brooks    — Center
           McQueen    — Center

Oldtimers vs Youngsters

Hayman and Shakey Mgrs.
This game was won by a six to nothing score with
the oldtimers winning on a penalty of pass interfer-
rence on the two yard line and Dave Croxton plung-
ing over for the T.D. This game was centered on
defensive rather than offensive play and each play
was filled with action and suspense. The youngsters
failed to score several times as they were on the
oldtimers 1 and 4 yard lines, and Shakey failed to
take them over for a T.D.

Willie Green was a standout on the youngsters
team. as he caught four passes and recovered two
fumbles, but on the one yard line Rob Watson fum-
bled and Sonny Mays recovered, only to have the
oldtimers fail to gain any yardage. The youngsters
held the oldtimers to one first down the whole game
and although the youngsters were moving the ball up
the field they failed to score.

A good game that was played with skill and power
packed action that had the crowd on their feet.

Players:

The Oldtimers:
Fleming
Knock Knock
No NO Smith
LaRue
Collns
Pigmeat
Pitts
Earley
Heads
Dave Croxton
Tookie Crane
Cantoral
Pinky
Gilmore
Big Mack
Creditt
Tuffy
Tate
Pee Wee
Sonny Mays
Snake
Turk
Bubbles Harris

The Youngsters:
Holley
Barnes
Massey
Shakey
Stonewall
Shep
Joe Chink
Pencil
Rock
Bobby
Big Six
Rocky
Brady
Nick
Greenie
Shoulders
Brutus
Norman
Rob
Chief
Joe Kunn
Joe Miller
Crazy Herb
Roosevelt

Everyone is awaiting the Thanksgiving Turkey
Bowl:

by Alvin Young

There was a slight oversight in the fall edition of
the Echo in the sports column. We failed to mention
the name of one, Melvin McFull, who played a good
game at shortstop for the Braves; and, on occasion,
held down the hot corner doing an excellent job at
both positions.
