---
id: "747"
title: "Eastern vs. The Outside"
author: "Gudacker, Danny"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "34"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0036.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Eastern vs. The Outside
by
Danny Gundacker

In their first outside game, the One Block Bas-
ketball All-Stars had their high hopes crushed as a
group of teen-agers, under the guiding hand of Mr.
Thompson, routed them in a 95-38 fiasco. The score
might have been closer, but two of the OBBA
starters, Bob Cullen and Nick Nickens, were called
for visits just as the game started. Since these two
men were the ones that the Stars offense had been
built around, the Cherry Hill players were on the
ropes from the start.

The outsides, Thompsons Terrors, displayed
a knowledge of the game that would have been com-
mendable in a collegiate team. Despite a lack of
height, they out-rebounded the home team on both
backboards, and were ball hawks on defense, with
at least fourteen steals to their credit.

Bill Smith was high scorer for the Terrors, rack-
ing up 36 markers, or, almost as much as the whole
OBBA team scored. Wayne Wilson contributed 20
points and was one of the classiest ball handlers to
hit the roundball court in this institution. In between
putting on a show, for the local fans, with his dribb-
ling, Lloyd Morman found time to pick up 12 points.
Under the boards, Ralph Lowe gave evidence of a
brilliant future in the college ranks as he stuffed in
18 points and blocked a number of shots.

Three of the Eastern League players were given a
chance to play with the outsiders when some of the
Terrors had to cancel out at the last minute.

Elijah Sheperd, Al Sheperd, and Sam Brown con-
tributed nine points and had a good time in giving
the kids a hand.

For the inside, Bob Cullen and Nick Nickens
returned from their visits in time to lead their teams
scoring effort with 8 points apiece.

C. C. Clark, who took over the playmaker spot for
Cullen, couldn’t seem to get the team unwound
though he gave a great deal of effort in a losing
cause. The debut of Ed. “Big Swede’ Spence was
marred when he failed to score, though the big fel-
ler did give it all he had under the boards.

The main reason for the Stars failure seemed to be
nervousness.

EASTERN LEAGUE STARTS FALL SEASON
WITH VICTORY OVER A & E

The Eastern League All-Stars started their fall
season with an 82-65 win over the A & E quintet
from Kensington. Romping to 43 to 30 halftime
lead, the insiders were never headed, although the
boys from Kensington did make a determined try
in the second half.

Sparkplug for the invaders was fiery Bob O’
Connell, a little pepperpot who handled the ball
like a junior Pickles Kennedy.
Up front with Bob was his brother Bill, another
speedster who had the crowd cheering & alternating
with these two was another set of brothers, Tom
and Jack Post. The latter two started clicking in the
closing moments and hit for || points from out-
side. Under the boards, Bob Wilkins and Jack
Macready put up a tough fight against the taller
Eastern forwards.

Coach Pete Wharton used his entire alternate
unit and Mark Wagnor, Fran O’Leckman and Mark
O'Donnell gave the fans a moment of hope.
(Eastern Fans always root for the outside. Don’t
ask me why.) Don Conlan had a bad ankle and did
not get to play. Coach Wharton, while not making
excuses, did mention before the game that this was
A & E’s first outing and perhaps that was the reason
they were so slow getting started.

For the home team the shock troops saw plenty
of action as the starting unit left the game at the end
of the first quarter and did not return to action until
the waning minutes of the game. Elijah Sheperd
put on a scoring show in the third period when he
cut the nets for 14 of his game high 17 points. Bill
Holley was right behind him with 15 points while
A. A. Joe Massanova played one of his finest games
scoring 12 points.

OBBA’S DROP A TOUGHIE TO
BELGRADE REC. CENTER

Into each life a little rain must fall, but Coach
Shakey Young must have a cloud of his own, the way
his OBBA Stars are losing. Despite a revamped line-
up, the Stars dropped their second straight game.
Starting slow they almost pulled it out in the final
frame when they drew within five points of the
Belgrade Five, but two missed layups gave the out-
siders a chance to pull away for good.

The Belgrades Quintet, a tall rangy group of
teenagers, concentrated on a series of plays from a
high post to tear apart the OBBA defense.
Bill Lee was the big gun on offense, sinking 19
points, while Brown was close behind him with a
total of 18 tallies. In the backcourt, the Harris
brothers, David and Jimmy, did a capable job of
bottling up the Stars fast break. Stanley teamed up
with Lee to control the defensive backboards.

In what was their finest effort to date, the
OBBA five showed a potential that they weren't ex-
pected to have. Again, conditioning played an im-
portant part as the sun started to take its toll of the
starters on the home team squad. Top scorer for the
Cherry Hill five was Nickens with Cullen close be-
hind. The board play for the Stars got a lift with the
addition of Brutus and Johnson.
