---
id: "748"
title: "Eastern League Basketball"
author: "Young, Alvin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Eastern
League
Baskethall

by

Alvin Young

The inevitable has happened. The Eastern league
has finally conceded the Championship to my War-
riors. Mr. Thompson, Althletic Director, has pro-
mised to present our team with a fitting trophy in
the near future.

Now that the shoutings over, I'll let you in on a
little secret.

I don’t believe that we had the best players on the
court, as far as ability was concerned, but we had
something better going our way, unity.

No one player dominated the scoring or rebounding,
it was a team effort and each player had as much to
do. with our winning as the next man. Maybe the
other teams in the league will learn something from
this and give us a harder battle next time.

Big man on the backboards for the Warriors was
Billy Barnes who is improving with every game.
Working the backboards with Barnes was myself,
and if you figured that I was hustling more than
usual, you were absolutely correct. With alternates
like Blackie Battles and Dave Croxton, it was a
fight to keep a starting job and, in fact, | think both
my first and second team were equal in ability.

Up front was that miniature Elgin Baylor, Billy
Holley, a 5’8” stick of scoring dynamite who ex-
ploded the opposition innumberable times. Billy is
acknowledged to be the best all-around player in the
league and this is not only my opinion, but that of
the entire Echo sports staff. Crazy Herb Allen is
fast becoming the teams playmaker and if he can
lose a little weight will have a lot more speed to go
with his quick hands. The never say die player on
the team is Norman Pearson who is always hustling.

As I said, the Warriors have no fancy Dans or trick
shooters, but we know that hustle and team-work
is going to win the next tournament for us. Anyone
think different? Suit up and come on out.

The new league starts Monday with the trading
cleadline, Nov. 1st.

The list of teams as we have them so far:

The Owls
Mr. Thompson, Mgr.  Big Charley Adderly
Bob "lrish” Cullen      Sam Brown
Charles C. Clark       Turk Beatty
Art Pfrommer            Earl Brown
Sullivan                     Joe Massanova

The Rens
Tuffy Wright Mgr.      Elijah Shep
Willy Green              Cochise Bell
Joe Antoniwiecz       Mickey Taylor
Chuck Taylor            Roosevelt

The Celtics
Louis Scraichionni    Joe Gardener
Bruno, Mgr.               Sam Simmonetti
Jake Welty                Chief
Tookie Crane             Dick
Lomax                       Crawford
Al Shep                     Fleming

The Warriors remain the same except for a trade
of Pear for Al Shep.

The referees have improved, but still don’t make the
calls as they blow the whistle. Making an immediate
call is one way to improve the game, How about it
fellows?
