---
id: "749"
title: "One Block Basketball Association"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Walden, Spencer"
year: "1961"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "6"
issue: "4"
_page: "36"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1961_body0038.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
One Block Basketball
Association

Alvin Young
Commissioner

Sonny Mays
Referee

Disbanded during baseball season, the OBBA is
back in full stride as four full-strength teams are off
and running. While it’s a little early to predict the
final outcome we'll give our usual briefing on the
players and teams.

Starting alphabetically:

The Champs — Bob Johnson, Mgr.
Dave Gibbs         Stan Goldstien (? )
Ed. Spence         Leo
Hercules Butler   Curt Jarvis
Ed. Brooks          Ed. Parks
Charles Harris    Glasgow

Johnson must figure entitling his team the Champs
will rouse them to greater effort, but it might back-
fire and cause complacency. Certainly they do have
the backboard power of champions as Ed. Spence
and Johnson are two of the biggest boardmen in
the league. At center, Dave Gibbs can probably
outjump any of his opposites while Ed. Parks and
Leo are both hard competitors. Up front is where
the team is hurting. Both Butler and Brooks are
speedsters but neither possess an outside set shot.
This need phase of the game may be supplied by
Harris, Curt or Glasgow, though Curt will probably
work more on the backboard. Time will tell the
story.

The Cobras — Frank Sisak, Mer.

Smiley              Lump Winters
Greenie            George McFeat
Bill Smith          R. R. Joe
Bill Sansom      Tunnell
NO NO Smith   Charley Bieland

Finally given a team of his own, Sisak has the
opportunity to show that he can win — or lose. A
lot of hope rides on the tall men, Bill Smith and Geo.

McFeat. Both Smitty and McFeat lack the weight,
but they can get off the ground and snare those re-
bounds. Charles ‘‘Rags’’ Bieland has plenty of height
and weight but is still a rookie. How fast he picks up
may determine the teams future. Two assets for
the team are Smiley and Winters, both of whom can
sink them from way out. Little Greenie should pro-
vide the speed while Bill “NO NO” Smith has the
poise of a veteran. R. R. Joe and Tunnell are new on
the court and may surprise.

The Rockets — George Miketish, Mgr.
John Downs         Bob Gerlack
Rhimm                 Carmine Imperiale
Rob Watson         Fran McLaughlin
Charley Whiting   Ski

Since the first missile thrust a sputnik into space,
we've been seeing teams named for various rockets
crowding Easterns Sport Fields. So far none of them
have gotten off the launching pad, but this team may
be different. Little Mac is a shrewd manager and
hard player who has two of the leagues best guards
in Charley Whiting and Bob Gerlack. Both men
have hot hands from outside and feature ball con-
trol. Under the boards is where the Rockets will be
hurting as they lack real height. Both Franny and
Carmine are aggressive and will put up a good bat-
tle, but the opposing teams will stand inches over
them. Downs and Rob can play a creditable game
at either forward or guard and should provide good
secondary power.

The Terrors — Stanley, Mer.
Nick Nickens        Bill Sansom
Benard Harris       Crawford
Ace                       PeeWee
Leonard Massey   Moose

An aptly named team, they should cause terror
among the enemy coaches. Nickens and Harris are
phenominal scorers, both having had fourty points
or better games in the past. Stanley and Sansom
should, despite their size, control the boards, while
Ace will take care of the outside shooting. PeeWee
hasn’t been on a basketball court in some time but
has the experience of many years to aid his team.
The aggresive play of Massey should give the team
the needed spark, while Moose and Crawford may
be the sleepers to push the team to the top. This is
definitly a young team and has the exuberance that
goes with youth.

Our Prediction: A battle between the Terrors
and Champs for the number one spot.
