---
id: "75"
title: "Up the River"
author: "Murphy, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
"UP THE RIVER" 
Or
(Men without oars)

We were three people in search of the strange and seldom
seen birds of this area. Sailing slowly up the Delaware
River with gun and camera at the ready position, we entered
the unexplored regions of upper Manayunk, Pa. This was
a bold adventure from the start, because the Delaware
River is nowhere near Manayunk, so you can see the diffi-
culty we had. The natives called me ‘‘Showboat’’ because
I had been up the river so often. Our company consisted of
Yuk Yuk, my number one boy, who walked with a stoop on
account of continuously peeping through the knothole in
his grandfather’s wooden leg. There was Anna, Yuk Yuk’s
wife, whom the natives called Anna, only they spelled it
backwards. Anna first met Yuk Yuk when she was singing
in the Autopsy Room at the Belleview Hospital. She also
had personal appearances at the Orange Room at Nedicks,
the Solitary Room at San Quentin, and the Scaling Room at
the Fulton Fish market. In her act she played the piano
by ear while her unele fiddled with his whiskers.

We landed and prepared to pitch our tent, which was made
of old Dorothy Lamour sarongs sewn together by a native
with the seven year itch. (He was in his fifth year and
still active.) I used to smile to myself when I would hear
Anna and Yuk Yuk talking. Yuk Yuk spoke with a south-
ern accent—he was always drinking from Dixie Cups—and
Anna was the only woman I had ever seen with such large pro
truding teeth. She could eat corn on the cob through a
barbed wire fence and never touch a wire. I often visited
Anna and Yuk Yuk at their home—which was located in
the swamps of South Philadelphia—and heard the patter of
little feet through the house—Anna’s mother was a midget
who ran about the house barefooted. Anna’s mother had
studied law at one time and I well remember a case she
defended-——Weiner vs Bologna—I never sausage a case.
it was during this trial that Yuk Yuk found that opposites
attract, because Anna was bow-legged and Yuk Yuk was
knock-kneed. They both could be described as being mel-
oncholy, for their heads resembled a melon and both had
faces like a collie. However, to continue:

We left camp in our boat and once more drifted up the
Delaware River. You can well imagine our surprise when
we sighted the crafty Mileormore bird circling overhead.
(This bird was first found and named by Prof. M. T. Head.)
The bird has the peculiar habit of flying sideways and the
wind blows in one ear and out the other and, as a result,
one can hear him a mile or more.) We noticed that the
natives were lining the shore and watching us with suspi-
cion. They greeted us in a friendly fashion by tossing a
few well-aimed spears in our direction and loosing a swarm
of tsetse flies. Flashing my GX-4 badge at them I per-
suaded them to allow us to land. They stood in small
circles chanting in pidgin talk: ‘‘ Allo, Sport! I gotit brud-
der who workit Kolemine for monyah fi’ bucks dollars one
day. Allo, givit me a drinkit!’’ Waving goodbye, we
were about to man our boat when Yuk Yuk yelled, ‘‘Yhprum!
Yhprum! Yhprum! kool, kool!!’’ (In native language this
means, ‘‘Murphy! Murphy! look, look!’’) There sitting
ealmly on a pile of old writs was the rare UL UL bird.
(Native for LU LU.) Quickly bringing my brownie to
bear I snapped a photo of the UL UL just as he started
giving signals to the Manits bird which was watching from
a tree limb.

Now, the Manits bird happens to be one of the curiosa
of the bird world. Due to his being featherless, the Manits
bird has been having a great deal of domestic trouble. His
mate is forever leaving him, as who can stand a featherless
mate around all the time? This bird normally inhabits the
cold regions of Wilkes-Barre and at night one often hears
its plaintive cry of “"manits . . . manits . . . man it's
cold!’’? (No feathers, remember?) So all right!

Regretfully leaving these two speciments of birdland, we
got back into our dugout and paddled away to the haunting
strains of the native’s farewell song: ‘‘Bongo Murphy,
you drop dead! We need you like a hole in the head!’’ Sadly
waving goodbye, with our B.A.R.’s trained on them, we
drifted around a bend in the river only to be greeted by
the thrilling sight of a Mugwump!

To sight a Mugwump in his natural habitat is exceedingly
rare. This fine plump specimen was perched on an old
fence in his favorite position, i.e., with his mug on one side
and his wump on the other. In addition to his odd roosting
habits, the Mugwump is noted for his amazing memory.
In fact, many times I have seen old elephants go to this
bird when they have forgotten something, and you recall
the old saying that elephants never forget. Speaking of
elephants brings to mind an adventure I once had while on
safari in the jungle.

On this particular night I was tracking a pack of
wild stac, (that’s cats spelled backward), and I felt the
presence of someone or something. Peering cautiously about
I was unable to see a thing, but my keen sense of smell told
me that it was an elephant—you see, I detected the odor of
peanuts on his breath. He led me to safety because the old
fellow remembered me. I had come upon him when he was
a baby elephant and starving. He had just lost an audition
with Barnum & Bailey. Incidently, I contacted a bad case
of shell shock while cracking nuts for him.

To get back to my narrative: Drifting out of sight of the
Mugwump, we were startled to see six specimens of Jailus
de Birdus. These were large hulking fowls who appeared to be
molting since they were uttering strange cries of ‘‘Brinks!
Brinks!’’ and seemed to be in great pain. One of the
brutes saw us, and, giving tongue, charged with the others
close behind. Quickly bringing our fowling pieces into play
we got about four shots apiece. Mine was bourbon with
water chaser (hic! Oops! Podden me!), so I had another.

Going back to our camp we were surprised to see the Chief
The ancient fellow looked at me slyly and asked,
““You like maybe to buy three cents hindian nuts? Howz
about four cents glass seltzer? Maybe for a nickle you like
polly seeds? Also we got for a penny, peppermint kendy!’’
Laughingly I refused, telling him that I was saving my
pennies to attend the Wedding of Our Grace and Count
Urblessings or Prince Buck or whatever his name happened
to be. SO, we began the tedious journey back to civili-
zation where I received a notice from Uncle Sam that I had
been classified as M—3 in the draft, and that meant, ‘‘don’t
show up even if the Rooshians land on Fairmount Avenue.’?

—-Prof. Francis (GX-4) Murphy
