---
id: "755"
title: "Editorial..."
author: "Gussman, Donald"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial.....

Please accept our apology for a late press. Unliked publications on the open 
market, prison journalism is subject to be somewhat erratic for various reasons.
The Courts, Board of Pardons, Board of Parole, Classification Board and Behavior
Clinic, all share in the responsibility of a prisoner's designation and ultimate destiny. 
For better or for worse, depending on clinical circumstances, the prisoner's lot today may
be summed up in the time-worn phrase, "here today and gone tomorrow." Thus, on
short notice, we have been called upon to fulfill editorial duties—with extremely
limited journalism experience.

In reviewing the format content of all previous issues, we found that Echo has
enjoyed considerable success as one of the nation's foremost walled-in publications
during its earlier years. Its editorial policy was, "to speak for rather than to the
prisoner"—and included the outside reader in the conversation.

Format wise, the contents usually included an introductory article by the Super-
intendent, an editorial, one or two penological articles, a profile of an outstanding inmate, the Chaplain's Page, an intra-mural sport section, exchange briefs with
brother-publications, and a mail bag page featuring excerpts of letters from readers.

Added to this diet was a "Spotlight" feature relating to some particular institu-
tional activity or program, similar to the one featured in this issue.

In the way of entertainment, morsels of fiction and boiler plate items or news
briefs within the institution were included. While the latter served no penologically
constructive purpose, it did help to boost the morale of some inmates, Such briefs are
popular among some inmates because they are like some politicians to whome a bad 
press is better than none. In short, the personals are as clear to the inmate as a
Broadway column is to the initiate. 

We recognize, too, our own shortcomings in this issue. However, in future issues
—depending, of course, on our clinical status—we shall adopt and adhere to the
editorial policy of our successful predecessors, and you may look forward to the
following format content-wise:

The Superintendent's Page   Musician's Corner
Fiction and Humor                 Editorial
Sport Section                         Spotlight feature
Chaplain's Page                    Listening Post (Mail Bag)
Return of Snoopy ("Broadway Column")
Penological Articles (not in the form of editorials with dull platitudes.)

Donald Gussman
