---
id: "756"
title: "From the Superintendent's Desk"
author: "RUNDLE, A. T. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From 
the 
Superintendent's 
Desk

The Bureau of Correction has now established itself as one of the leaders
of our country. Arthur T. Prasse, Commissioner of the Bureau, is president of
the American Congress of Corrections. Dr. Kenneth E. Taylor, Deputy Com-
missioner for Treatment, is past president of the Pennsylvania Association on
Parole, Probation and Correction. This leadership is felt throughout the
bureau.

The Bureau policy of supervising the institutions within the Bureau is
formulated at a monthly meeting of all superintendents. In a democratic
manner, policy is adopted and it is the responsibility of each superintendent to
return to his institution and adjust the situation to comply with the policy
selected. This is a fifty-fifty proposition. We might feel that we are being
hurt by the majority opinion, but in the end all institutions benefit. Changes
have to be made to conform to this policy.

You, also, must change. Through the use of the school program, psycho-
logical counseling, psychiatric evaluation, spiritual guidance and improved
work habits you will change your attitude toward “Life on the Street.” Make
an appointment with the Director of Treatment and have him assist you in
formulating a program that will help you. Follow that program and become
determined to reach the street as soon as possible.

A. T. Rundle
