---
id: "757"
title: "Death Penalty for Tots"
author: "Gavzer, Bernard"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Death 
Penalty
For Tots

by Bernard Gavzer
Assoc. Press Writer

Protests Rage
Over Globe At
Death Penalty
For Children

In Georgia’s Reidsville prison, a Negro boy, Pres-
ton Cobb Jr., 15, is whiling away days that can’t be
long enough for him.

He is under sentence of death for killing a 70-year-
old white farmer. There have been protests and ap-
peals from all over the world, moving the case from
the obscurity of a rural county in Georgia to the
spotlighted arena of public controversy.

The issue is not over the boy’s guilt. It is over his
age, and the state’s legal capacity to execute a child.
Criticism has focused on laws and legal rulings which
permitted the state to try Cobb as an adult. At the
center of the issue, there is this question: At what
point are youngsters too young to be executed?

In Georgia, by law, the death penalty can be given
to a child as young as 10. Georgia is not alone in this
category.

An Associated Press survey of legal possibilities
in criminal proceedings involving children shows: In
16 states it is legally possible to execute children as
young as 7, in 3 states, death could be given to chil-
dren of 8, in 3, including Georgia, youngsters of 10.

In the remaining 19 states having the death pen-
alty the minimum age ranges from 12 to 18. All 50
states posses the power and authority to try children
as adults—and give them the same punishment as
adults—in cases of capital crimes.

How is this possible in a nation that created the
juvenile court system to give special protection to
children?

Behind this question lies a legal dilemma summed
up in a statement by Dr. Ralph S. Bannay, associate
director, Research on Social Deviation, New York.
director, Researeh on Social Deviation, New York.
“The apparent philosophy behind statutes concerning
juvenile offenders is that a child has not reached a
degree of intellectual and emotional development
that would qualify him as fully responsible for his
ACIS.

“The laws, however, embody an obvious contradic-
tion: For when an offense is too obnoxious or re-
pugnant, complete responsibility is placed upon the
child and he must face the full weight of the law.”

In substance, this is the situation in the United
States, today: Despite the protection given children
through the juvenile court systems in which they
cannot be tried as criminals—all states can prosecute
and punish children as though they are adults.

The trial of children in adult criminal courts is
not the scheme of vengeful prosecutors but, ideally
and theoretically another way to give the child the
greater protection of constitutional rights.

The irony is that this legal machinery to protect
children can cut both ways. The machinery is not
rusty by any means. Sometimes it delivers death;
most times prison sentences that in some cases
amount to living death.

At least 70 teen-agers have been executed in the
half century. The youngest was a Negro boy of 14,
George Stinney, Jr., who was electrocuted for murder
June 16, 1944, in South Carolina. Few females of any
age have been put to death, but one was a Negro
girl of 17, Virginia Christian was executed for mur-
der in Virginia’s electric chair August 16, 1912.

Edward Bell was 13 when he was sentenced to a
life term for rape, and James Frank King was sen-
tenced in 1958 to a life term for murder, in Florida
a state which has executed four 16-year-olds. Bell
and King are white. King’s sentence has since been
commuted to an indefinite term.

Lee Arthur Vester, 14, a Negro, recently began
serving a 50-year term for murder, and in 1960,
Edward Vargas, 16, entered prison for a minimum
40 years for murder, in Illinois.

Today, in Indiana, a 9-year-old boy—Ronald Wing
—is in custody of juvenile authorities while pro-
cedures are being studied. He was held on a prelim-
inary charge of first-degree murder after the slaying
Ol a Snel, IB,

In Illinois, Stephen Schlonger, 138, has been
charged with murder in the death of a T-year-old
neighbor girl.

In New York, a Puerto Rican now 18, has but one
hope left: that Gov. Nelson A. Rockefeller will com-
mute his death sentence, taking into account that
Agron was only a day past 16 when he killed two
boys.

The capacity to inflict death upon youngsters drew
a sharp condemnation at a recent Univesity of Chi-
cago conference of “Justice for the Child.” More
than 70 of the nation’s leading juvenile jurists, at-
torneys, probation officers, educators, welfare and
social workers at a seminar expressed outrage “that
any state retains and uses the power to execute a
minor. Justice for the child means exactly that, and
there can be no justice in executing a child, any
child, anywhere,” they said.

The juvenile court is not a court in the usual sense.
Basically, it is a place where a hearing is conducted
to decide what action can be taken in a case involv-
ing a juvenile.

The court’s fundamental aim was stated in the laws
by which Illinois created the first juvenile court in
1899. It is “that the care, custody and discipline of
a child (found to be delinquent, dependent or ne-
glected) shall approximate as nearly as may be that
which would be given by its parents.”

“The truly significant innovations of the Illinois
act was that children charged with law violations
were not being treated as criminals but were to be ac-
corded the same individual assistance as dependent
and neglected children,” says Judge Orman Ketcham
of the Washington, D.C. Juvenile Court.

“It marked an important departure from previous
English and American chancery proceedings which
had provided protection only to those children whose
distress was the result of their own delinquent acts.”

There is no uniformity to the age limits which
would bring a person under jurisdiction of the ju-
venile court, or bar him.

New York’s Children’s Court is limited to those
15 and younger, while California and Nevada juris-
diction technically extends to those 20 and younger.
In states such as Alaska, Florida, Georgia, Illinois,
Kentucky, Maine, Texas and Massachusetts, juris-
diction covers those 16 and under, and in Alabama,
Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho, Maryland, Virginia, Minne-
sota, New Hampshire and New Jersey, 17 and under.

These ages are varying definitions of children ju-
venile and minor. The board standard came from
common law.

Under the common law yardstick, children of 7
were deemed absolutely innocent, that is, lacking the
mental competence required for criminal liability.

Children between 7 and 14 were presumed to lack
such capacity. But this could be overcome by show-
ing that the child was sufficiently intelligent to
understand what he had done. At 14, a child was
presumed to have adult intelligence and stand liable
for his actions.

The common law groupings, which largely set age
standards for criminal capacity do not coincide with
statutes setting juvenile court jurisdictions. The re-
sults are that while a state may consider a 15-year-
old as a child, it may also be able to hold a 10-year-
old responsible for certain crimes.

The manner in which this is done is typified in the
Schlonger case. On October 4, the body of Yvenne
Elliot, 7, was found in Elmhurst, a suburb of Chicago.
She had been raped and slain. The Schlonger boy
confessed.

Ordinarily, because he was 13 he would come under
the jurisdiction of the Family Court, as the juvenile
court is called in Illinois. But the law provides that
the state’s attorney can bring any child from the age
of 10 before a grand jury on a homicide investigation
if he can show the child knew right from wrong and
was aware of his act.

Because of the difference in laws and their inter-
pretations, there is a hodgepodge of legal possibilities
that apparently contradict each state’s law concern-
ing juvenile court jurisdiction.

In New York, a 15-year-old charged with a serious
crime can be transferred to jurisdiction of the crim-
inal court. In Iowa, the juvenile court has no juris-
diction in any case in which the punishment for an
adult could be life in prison or the death penalty.
Indiana’s juvenile courts can waive any capital case
—without regard to age—to criminal jurisdiction.

Texas’ juvenile court has jurisdiction of those
16 and under, but it is possible to keep a 10-year-old
in custody until he is 17 and then try him for murder
committed at 10, although the death penalty could
not be invoked then.

Nevada’s jurisdiction technically covers those up
to 21, but an 8-year-old can be tried as an adult if a
capital crime is involved.

Georgia’s juvenile court jurisdiction applies to all
those 15 and under regardless of the offense, but the
State Supreme Court has ruled that in capital cases
the jurisdiction belongs to the superior court. This
permitted the trial of Preston Cobb Jr. and could de-
termine what courses will be taken in the two other
murders, one committed by a 16-year-old Negro boy
and a 15-year-old white boy. Sparked by the Cobb
case, there’s a growing movement in Georgia to raise
the age limit of persons liable to capital punishment
to 18. Governor Ernest Vandiver—who has no clem-
ency powers—has expressed belief the State Pardon
and Parole Board would commute Cobb’s death sen-
tence if such a law is enacted.

Whenever a youngster commits a brutal crime,
community feelings may be aroused to a point which
recalls the explanation of the colonial fathers when
they condemned the youngest person in American
history, a 10-year-old boy. “Sparing of this boy
simply on account of his tender years,” they reasoned,
“might be of dangerous consequences to the public
by propagating a notion that children might commit
atrocious crimes with impunity.”

Times have changed, but while the laws remain on
the books, there is the theoretical possibility—
though hardly a practical likelihood—that it might
happen again.
