---
id: "758"
title: "The Roving Reporter"
author: "Telese, Lou"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Roving Reporter

by Lou Telese

With this edition we have maugurated
a new feature in the form of a question
and answer column conducted by our
Roving Reporter, Low Telese.

The Editor

The question asked of the following was. “What
do you think could be done to improve world con-
ditions?”

“It has long been my belief that if the common
barriers presented by languages, religion and race
were to be overcome; particularly of the world lead-
ers worked towards this end, a marked improvement
in the relations between men would evolve.”

Dallas Custalow

“Intelligent people eventually become too sophis-
ticated to argue the superior virtues of one religion
over another as they come to know that the subtle
distinctions and intricacies disclose no basic differ-
ence in spiritual aspirations. Intelligent people (es-
pecially in the U.S. and Russia) should be just as
wary of ideological differences and demand that our
respective governments acquaint us with those im-
portant similarities in fundamental aspirations so
that we can better decide whether we want to coop-
erate in a nuclear holocaust in support. of the veneer
of ideology.”

Sterling James

“If the statesmen of the world would show a little
more humility and kindness towards each other they
would set an example for the citizens of their respec-
tive countries. In order to gain respect, we must show
respect of each other.

William McMahan

“I think the real solution to the problems facing
the world today is a better understanding of our fel-
low man. If we achieve this goal we will have broken
through the barriers of ignorance, prejudice and
erced.”

Russell Brubaker

“If we were to add a “T” to the three ‘R’s’ to instill
tolerance in the mind of the human race. Tolerance
and understanding will improve world conditions
and make this world a safe place in which to live.”

Carl Nagel
