---
id: "759"
title: "Spotlight on Vocational Training"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Spotlight on
Vocational 
Training

Rebuilding Typewriters and Wrecked Citizenships

This Edition’s spotlight beam—like electrons of
inspiration—is focused on Eastern’s Typewriter Re-
pair School, where the correlation between rebuild-
ing obstinate office machines and wrecked citizen-
Ships is seemingly synonymous.

Anyone who has ever had even a brief acquaint-
ance with a keyboard knows that a typewriter is a
somewhat complicated piece of mechanical equip-
ment. Not unlike some student-technicians prior to
enrollment, these machines become so badly mal-
adjusted that they cannot continue to produce satis-
factory work until the adjustments are returned to
factory standards. Rebuilding wrecked citizenships
is much the same.

The complexity of these machines, however, are
more readily understood than human nature. For
instance, the average standard machine contains
some 1800 to 2000 parts which require approximately
20,000 different factory operations to manufacture.
An experienced operator typing at a normal speed of
some 60 words per minute motivates approximately
10,000 parts per minute, approximating some 150
parts per second. In no other machine does so much
depend on the operator’s touch and rhythm. The
mechanic’s ability and skill required to maintain a
properly functioning machine is equally demanding.
In short, it may be similarly said, learning to repair
office machines may not be considered a cure-all for
wrecked citizenships, but an occupation which, de-
manding so much patience and self-discipline, may
help to develop these needed qualities in the average
practitioner.

In less than two years, Eastern’s Typewriter Re-
pair School has grown from an anemic one-man work
shop to a full-blooded 20-man classroom, comprising
10 full-time and 10 part-time students. equipped with
modern facilities capable of operating on a par with
factory-rebuilding standards. There is absolutely no
floundering around with theory. While there are
various text books and service literature available—
and frequently referred to—the student is permitted
to do the practical work from the moment of his en-
roliment and acceptance. However, owing to the na-
ture of this course only the more mature applicants
having a degree of proficient mechanical aptitude,
are considered for enrollment.

Not unlike penology, the school progressed for a
time in a hesitant, groping fashion under the tutelege
of an inmate instructor, whose proficiency and dem-
onstrated ability was somewhat handicapped by the
mere fact that he was one of his own exiled kind; as
though his ingenious knowledge and demonstrated
ability was in violation of some unwritten hoodlum
code! Recognizing the infirmity—as well as the tre-
mendous potential the school afforded its students—
a paid civilian instructor was acquired. And what an
acquisition it was!

Mr. Lawrenee J. Kaul, one of Philadelphia’s senior
citizens recently agreed to come out of retirement to
take over the teaching reins. Mr. Kaul’s experience
covers some 40 years with the Underwood Corpora-
tion. His contacts with creative and business people
over the years makes him exceptionally qualified for
the job as it gives him the status of past master in
human relations. “Pop,” as he is sometimes affec-
tionately referred to, says he had no idea that he
would some day be called upon to help rebuild
wrecked citizenships. “This is noble work,’ he
beamed, “and here I thought my working days were
over ... isn't this wondertul recreation?”

The genial gent can be seen—debonair and dapper
with becoming cordiality—on Tuesday’s and Thurs-
day’s of each week during the summer months going
from work bench to work bench—student to student
—-with screwdriver in hand, explaining the intricate
sequence of adjustments of various machines. Each
student is thus handled on an individual basis, gct-
ting the personal attention he needs.

Occasionally, there are informal group lectures,
though somewhat unsuspectingly on personality de-
velopment and salesmanship—prerequisites of the
trade. Kor as Mr. Kaul says, you not only have to
make the machines tick properly,” with a rather be-
nign smile, “but justify the service call, especially if
the trouble les between the machine and the opera-
tor‘s seat!” The mannerly gent went on to explain
that while there may be no mechanical defect in the
machine, the operator could be at fault. For example,
a ribbon may be improperly installed, or the ribbon
control inadvertently set on stencil position, or even
erratic typing rhythm may be creating the condition
complained of. Here’s where the mechanie’s person-
ality traits and not his skill, according to Mr. Kaul,
take on virile meaning in handling such a delicate
situation. “Offend the customer," he admonished,
“and you're out of business.”

Salesmanship is likewise a vital part of the course.
A typical demonstration actually prepared for the
course is self-explanatory :

CUSTOMER
“I want to get this machine cleaned.”

MECHANIC
“Miss Jones, we shall be pleased to clean your
machine if that’s what you want. But the same thing
that applies to your car applies to your typewriter—
A good cleaning will make it look better but can not
overcome mechanical defects for these are not in-
cluded in a cleaning job. There’s so little difference
in the cost between a complete reconditioning job,
that I feel you will agree it is definitely to your ad-
vantage to have your machine put in first-class con-
dition.”

CUSTOMER
“What is the difference?”

MECHANIC
“The difference is only $6.00 (this figure will vary)
and for this you get: New Platen and Feed Rolls,
new Ribbon, and other parts that may be found nec-
essary when we disassemble your machine and give it
a thorough inspection. These items if bought later
would cost you two or three times as much as you
can now get them for, as it is easy to install new
parts when the machine is torn down for cleaning.”

CUSTOMER
“Yes, I think that would be the better plan. Give
it the works.”

Among the June graduates of Eastern’s academic
and vocational program this year, Mr. Kaul will field
an entry of 20 students having an age average of
30 years. The youngest is 27 and the oldest 53. To-
ecther they represent an aggregate total of some 200
years served. All but two have served prison terms
prior to their confinement. Four are lifers and four
are parole violators. All have demonstrated one
thing in common—they have abandoned their illicit
skills and gave up the criminal ghost that has
haunted them throughout most of their lives. They
have developed hidden talents and acceptable social
habits to enbark on a new life as useful citizens.
How easy it was to have imagined some special herit-
age of human woe and called it theirs! 
