---
id: "761"
title: "Highlights of the Sports Banquet"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
On February 8th, of this year a sports banquet was
held in the Chapel-Auditorium, in behalf of the
athletic program and those athletes who had been
outstanding in their particular field of sports. Each
year this affair is held and enjoyed immensely by
those of us who are picked as contributing, or being
a beacon for others to see and follow in our footsteps,
as we have in the past seasons.

This reporter arrived somewhat late. Upon my
arrival I was greeted by the sounds of singing and
moaning guitars. There stood three fellows Donald
“Caleutta” Dietz, Edward Finnacle, and “Red”
Martin, who were putting their every effort into a
“Hillbilly” sound called “Mountain Dew.” Neverthe-
less they did a fine job of entertaining us until the
honored guests arrived. Then we all had the pleasure
of meeting some wonderful men in the world of
sports, such as:

HIGHLIGHTS !!!
of the
SPORTS BANQUET

Joe Sweeney, President of the Vetran Boxer’s
Association.

J. J. Harrington, Timekeeper for Prize Fights.

Tom Ferrick, Pitching Coach for the Detroit
Tigers.

Frank Dolson, Sports Writer for the Philadelphia
Inquirer.

Mr. Thompson Sr., father of our Athletic Director.

Mr. Thompson Jr., Athletic Director of this Insti-
tution.

Pete Byron, Radio announcer for the Phillies and
Prize Fights.

This list would have been extended, but other
sports dignitaries who were invited, had previous
plans.

Our toastmaster for the evening, Pete Byron, a
very astute one, not to mention his witty ways of
keeping the audience on the tips of their seats with
the sweet and unsweetened humor, with which he so
aptly floored us. I firmly beleve that this gentleman
is In the wrong field of announcing. His succulent
tid bits were eagerly digested by us all. Many of the
fellows applauded him long after the banquet was
over, for it was fitting to be sure. Wherever you are
Mr. Byron, please return very soon sir; we love you
very much, for you are so rare among men.

Mr. Sweeney was next introduced as a former
fighter and sportsman in the Pennsylvania area for a
number of years. He defended himself like a champ
when someone asked him about the decision between
Joey Giardello and Henry Hank. The details he gave
were serious to some degree and rather humorous in
other ways. Being the referee for that fight made
him unpopular with many of the fight fans. He
scored the fight for Giardello by a close margin,
when the majority of the fans had Hank the winner
on their score cards. After the fight people ques-
tioned him about his decision, some were not even at
the bout, he would ask them if they were, if not he
would say “I was.” It was such an uproarious thing
to hear him explain some of the action of this par-
ticular bout. Another funny thing he said, “My own
wite wouldn't speak to me after that, I believe her
money was on Hanks.” This to say the least, knocked
us out. That one shook the house of worship to the
rafters. During the course of his speaking he went
on to relate the period in which he had done his box-
ing and gave forth many exciting accounts thereof.
This was greatly enjoyed by one and all beyond
doubt. From my observation of Mr. Sweeney, he ap-
peared to be in splendid physical condition after the
hectic fighting career in the ring. It proved he got
out in time.

Previous to Mr. Sweeney’s story on the podium,
Mr. Frank Dolson, sports writer for the Philadelphia
Inguirer, held a question and answer period with the
fellows in the audience. Mr. Dolson first became
aware of the sports program when he brought a
softball team in to challenge the inmates here. He
told us frankly, that he never knew any games ex-
isted here before. That shocked some of us slightly
because sports has been a most predominant thing
here. None the less after the game several weeks to
be exact, he wrote a most stirring column which
stirred the entire inmate body. On behalf of the in-
mates here, C. C. Clark stood before the audience of
more than two hundred and thanked Mr. Dolson for
his kind and warm praise in the article. ’'m quite
certain this reached the heart of the sports writer,
and as one he was sincerely applauded by all. Indeed
it was a tremendous ovation to be sure. A point of
interest to this reporter was the statement that
Mr. Dolson made admitting that he dosen’t care too
much for professional basketball, or its interest. No
doubt he has personal reasons for his statements.
The final visiting speaker was Mr. Tom Ferrick of
American League pitching fame and now pitching
coach for the Detroit Tigers. He told us some of his
pitching feats and other highlights in his American
League career. All warm and exciting stories of
players he encountered on and off the field of play.
His main concern today is the future of the Tigers
as a playing unit and as a contender for this year’s
pennant race. He firmly believes that Detroit can
win the flag by the good hustling of the up and com-
ing youth movement from the minor leagues. If the
1961 season was any of the Tigers hustle, then he may
be right. I for one hope so. To Mr. Tom Ferrick and
all Detroit fans, don’t forget the Yankees who reign
in the same league.

Superintendent A. T. Rundle gave the closing ad-
dress, prior to the presentation of trophies to the
various athletes for outstanding performances during
the 1961 season. Mr. Rundle stressed in his address
to the inmate body, that he fervently wants more
and more fellows participating in the various games
and sports that are being played at this institution.
He wants them to show a far greater interest than
ever before and play the games fair, hard and clean,
with good sportsmanship on and off the field. For
this builds a man’s character and molds it for the day
of release. When the rules of the game are deeply set
with the man then the rules of life are much easier
to cope with when he is released. With great con-
viction in his speech, he made known to all within
his voice range that he would do his utmost to have a
better program in sports. First the inmates them-
selves must show by performance their interest. This
brought forth a standing ovation by everyone in the
auditorium that evening. In concluding his address
he clearly stated that when next year rolls around,
he wants to see not two hundred, but four hundred
men, at the banquet. From where I sat, he meant
every word. Before the distinguished guest departed,
Pete Byron presented trophies to the following, for
outstanding performance and achievement in sports:

Champion Football Team - 1961 -
The "Giants"

Rocky Swift, Manager
Dave Wielder
Thomas Conner
Joe Gardner
Norman Pearson
Chuck Johnson
C. C. Clark

Les Tillman
Little Rock
Jake Welty
Pencil Willie
Frye Shields
Stonewall Jackson
Shakey Young
Mickey Taylor

Champion Softball Team - 1961 -
The "Giants"

Dave Croxton, Mgr.
C. Holland, 2nd B.
Fred Adas, S.S.
K. Thorton, L.F.
Jr. Credditt, C.S.F.
Earl Brown, P.
Charles Whiting, 1st B.
D. Croxton, S.S.
Jake Buck, 3rd B.

Geo. Hook, R.F.
E. Jackson, S.F.
"Ironman", P.
Frank Murphy, 1st B.
Elmo Nickens,
Wm. Samson, C.F.
C. C. Clark, R.F.
W. Wilson, C.
H. Powell

Champion Basketball Team - 1961 -
The Warriors’

Alvin “Shakey” Young 
Manager
Herb Allen
Wm. Holley, Captain

Alfred Shepard
Wm. Barns
Dave Croxton
Blackie Battles

After the presentation Mr. Byron left us with a
parting message, wherein he said, “Men we come to
the end of a wonderful evening and hope to come
back next year, if not sooner. In the meantime I wish
each and everyone good luck and God speed.” With
that message still lingering in the air, each guest
filed out with the applause from us, ringing in their
ears. Indeed it was truly a wonderful evening.
