---
id: "762"
title: "A Yearning for Learning"
author: "Stengle, Faber"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Yearning for Learning

The Desire for Educational
Growth and Development

by Faber Stengle

A few years ago there was a popular song entitled,
“Accent the Positive—eliminate the Negative.” In
order to develop a ‘yearning for learning’ in this in-
stitution, negative tendencies must give way to the
superior advantages of “accentuation of the positive.”

The men we were privileged to direct were never
addressed in the classroom by inmate number, but
always by name. All prison vocabulary was elimi-
nated as much as possible. This achieves a more de-
sirable mental attitude. Just one example, for illus-
tration, A student did not live in cell 75 on Block 20.
He lived at No. 75 on 20th Avenue.

Segregation in every conceivable form was entirely
eliminated. Integration was practiced to the fullest
extent regardless of race, color or creed. This in-
spired confidence as well as respect.

The poorest reader or the one with a speech defect
was never embarrased to read or recite orally, be-
cause there was a mutual high regard among pupils
and teacher alike.

Derogatory or discouraging comments about errors
or inferior work were never made. Complimentary
remarks or statements of encouragement were always
used in personal or uttered suggestions. Our slogan,
“I know something good about you.” Every man
possesses some talent or ability. It is this which must
be cultivated in yearning for learning.

Dishonesty was an unknown term in these classes
since every man was made to realize that by being
honest in every respect, he was building a good and
worthy reputation for himself. If he should practice
dishonesty he was giving himself a demerit, whereas
honest practices added merits to his own standing.
He served himself in this respect.

Discipline was unnecessary. Elimination of nega-
tive tendencies brings to the surface the good traits,
of which every man possesses many.

These are but a few of the methods and practices
applied in eliminating the negative. Acceleration of
the positive is all the more enhanced as negative
traits are eliminated.

A wholesome, friendly atmosphere prevailed. The
men worked studiously and diligently during class
periods. They were “hungry” for homework assign-
ments and brought this work regularly to class. An
intense interest and sincere effort was characteristic.

A bonus plan was available for additional credit
for doing work in excess of general assignments.
Extra arithmetic, writing letters, presentation of
current event articles from newspapers and maga-
zines were a few of the projects offering extra eredits.

All the written work which the pupils presented
was always corrected and returned. Helpful and
encouraging suggestions or comments were noted as
a spur to progress.

Every sound and worthwhile educational course
must provide for development of character. Provi-
sions for this was made through contributions by the
men themselves. They chose “Foundations,” as the
name for the course, because it consisted of building
materials essential for growth in character. Their
contributions consisted of quotations from famous
authors, poctry slogans; mottoes and the like. Bonus
credits stimulated participation.

The abilities of these men varied greatly. Not
everyone could achieve as well as another. However
it was encouraging to observe an attitude of persist-
ent, faithful endeavor, giving the best they had.

Subject matter achievement is very desirable in
many ways. The education which is the most worth-
while is that which develops the man morally as well
as mentally.

All teaching is very challenging. It affords many
opportunities as well as great responsibilities. In
many instances pupils attend school because of com-
pulsion. Here at Eastern it is voluntary. Men choose
it for mental development. On the outside it is diffi-
cult to obtain employment or placement without a
high school diploma or its equivalent. The opportun-
ity is here for educational growth and improvement.

During the recent graduation exercises a total of
29 students were graduated. There were 10 from the
pre-high school; 10 who graduated from the high
school course while 9 more graduated from the archi-
tectural drafting course. Those graduating from the
academic courses received their diplomas while six
men received certificates from the architectural draft-
ing course. The remaining 3 are continuing extension
Courses.
