---
id: "763"
title: "The Price You Pay"
author: "Tasco, Pete"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE 
PRICE
YOU
PAY

by Pete Tasco

In Erewhon, that wonderful fabled land which the ingenious Samuel Butler
invented to furnish a foil for his satire on the manners and morals of Victorian
England, misfortune of any sort was considered criminal and was dealt with
through courts by punishments of varying severity.

There was recounted, for example, the trial of a man who was accused of
having contracted pulmonary consumption; an offense punishable by life im-
prisonment. The patient’s (or criminal!) incessant coughing was sufficient
evidence to prove his guilt beyond “a shadow of a doubt.” Upon speedy con-
viction, the judge viewing his long “criminal” record (he was previously con-
victed of aggravated bronchitis and had been jailed some 14 times previously
for illnesses of a more or less dreaded nature) rejected all pleas for leniency
and summed up the situation in the following somewhat familiar language:

“If you tell me that you had no hand in your parentage and education, and
that it is therefore unjust to lay these things to your charge, I answer that
whether your being in consumption is your fault or no, it is a fault in you,
and it is my duty ... against such faults as this the Commonwealth shall be
protected. You say that it is your misfortune to be a criminal; I answer that
it is your crime to be unfortunate.” (Emphasis added)

On the other hand, Butler tells us in Erewhon, “if a man forges a cheque,
or sets his home on fire, or robs with violence from the person, or does any other
such things as are criminal in our country, he is either taken to a hospital and
most carefully tended at the public expense, or if he is in good circumstances,
he lets it be known to all his friends that he is suffering from a severe fit of
immorality, just as we do when we are ill, and they come to visit him with great
solicitude, and inquire with interest how it all came about, what symptoms first
showed themselves, and so forth—questions he will answer with perfect un-
reserve ; for bad conduct, though considered no less deplorable than illness with
ourselves, and as unquestinably indicating something seriously wrong with the
individual who misbehaves, is nevertheless held to be the result of either pre-
natal or post-natal misfortune.”

To deal with crime clinically instead of punitively, would entail nothing
short of a revolution in social thinking; including a prodigious investment of
time, effort and money. However, considering the current price you pay, such
a revolution might eventually prove economical.

For according to G-Man Hoover, our nation’s annual crime tab amounts
to some $22 billion. Broken down, this figure amounts to $128 for every man,
woman and child in the U.S. For each single dollar you pay for education,
$1.11 goes to cover the cost of crime. Each single dollar you pay or contribute
to religion or religious organizations, crime cost you a whopping $9.00.

However, the most serious costs of crime can not be intelligently reckoned
in terms of dollars and cents. They must be reckoned in terms of diminished
personal security and social unity, and worst of all in terms of wasted human
lives.

The current price you pay, whether you like it or not, borders on erimin-
by Pete Taseo ality; and for such a misdeed in Erewhon, you probably would be hung.

