---
id: "764"
title: "The Barber's Dilemma"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Barber's Dilemma

There is one question that has been raised over an
endless number of years by an endless number of in-
mates of penal institutions; it is, what can I do to
better myself?

While the question is academic the answer due to
the limitations imposed by security regulations and
financial restrictions is not easily arrived at. How-
ever, there are a few trades which are practiced of a
necessity within penal institutions which could afford
one an opportunity to help himself—after he leaves
the institution.

Among these are the barbering profession which
plays no small part today in the economic life of the
nation. Obviously it is one where its potentialities
show much promise for those who would show an
interest in learing this profession with a view to-
wards following it as a means of earning a livelihood
in the outside world.

The equipment used in the barbering profession is
of course available in all penal institutions and
among the inmates are to be found competent in-
structors. Here then we have the necessary equip-
ment, instructors, and those who wish to learn plus
the time involved in the process.

It is from this point on where obstacles are to be
found that seemingly are insurmountable. Before
one can practice the barberine trade in the outside
world he must first pass a written examination after
which he must then demonstrate his ability to per-
form all that is required of a barber. This test is
rigid in the extreme.

Among inmates confined in penal institutions of
the Commonwealth are many who have the ability
required of outside barbers and who could unques-
tionably pass the rigid examinations required of
them prior to becoming licensed barbers. Instead of
proceeding in this direction, the inmate barber, re-
gvardless of his years of experience practicing the
trade within the institution, must commence on the
bottom rung of the ladder upon release and attend
a barber school outside of prison. The outside barber
schools requires an apprentice attend school until
such time as they have accumulated 2500 hours of
experience before applying for permission to take
their examination for a license.

The question arises as to how an inmate upon re-
lease can possibly manage to fulfill his regular em-
ployment as required by his parole plan, help his
dependants, in the event he has dependants, and
manage to finance his schooling for a minimum per-
iod of two years in a barber’s school. The time factor
plus the expense nullifies the thought.

Whereas a man spends a prescribed period of time
in learning and practicing the barber’s trade within
prison, he should be permitted to deduct this time
from his apprenticeship.

The powers that be at the policy level in the State
Board of Licenses have negative views which of
course prevail in this matter. In an effort to learn
whether the Board would consider relaxing its views
and permit an allowance for the time spent practic-
ing the trade within prison to be applied to the ap-
prentice term, this question was forwarded to the
Board. The reply received is as follows: “Kindly be
advised the State Board of Barber Examiners are no
longer giving credit for apprenticeship to inmates of
Correctional Institutions. They have also discon-
tinued giving the examinations in the Institutions.”

State Barter Board

