---
id: "765"
title: "Pre-Freedom Furloughs Sought by Prison Society"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Pre-Freedom Furloughs Sought by Prison Society

The Pennsylvania Prison Sociecty’s executive com-
mittee on Sunday indorsed the idea of giving fur-
loughs to prisoners, to prepare them for eventual
release and parole. This was set as one of the Socie-
ty’s goals as it looks forward to its next 25 years as
an organization. The society is celebrating its 175th
anniversary this year.

COULD LEAD NATION.

G. Richard Bacon, executive seeretary of the prison
society said, “Pennsylvania would lead the Nation in
the correctional field if it accomplished all the objee-
tives of the society within the next few years.

AMONG THESE GOALS WERE:

State-operated regional farm conservation units
for some felons after careful screening.

Different programs for maximum and minimum
security institutions. Research units to gain know-
ledge of offenders causes of crime. More specialized
institutions, fewer prisons operated by the county,
more on the state level. “Each of these objectives,”
Bacon said, “has been put into practice in one or
another jurisdiction in this country already. All will
be realities in the next 25 years,” he continued.

The 175th anniversary celebration will be held May
Sth at the Athenaeum, with Dr. Marvin EK. Wolfgang,
President, presiding. Dr. Roy F. Nichols, Dean of the
Graruate School of Arts and Sciences, University
of Pennsylvania, will be the principal speaker.

Work of the prison society is financed mainly by
the United Fund, which contributes approximately
70 percent of the necessary funds.

Reprinted from the Inquirer
April 16, 1962
