---
id: "766"
title: "The Drug Problem"
author: "Imperiale, Carmine"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The
Drug Problem

by Carmine Imperiale

A popular fallacy, fostered by the “anything for
a buck type of writers” is the belief that drug addicts
as a group are nothing short of animals. As such the
family of an addict, innocent though they may be,
shares this stigma. Most certainly among addicts
there are those whose morals approximate those of
an alley cat but so too, do we find the same type
among every level of society and in such instances
we find drugs exercised no influence whatever in
lowering their moral standards.

At the present time it is estimated there are some
46,000 known drug addicts in this country and if all
stood up to be counted scandal mongers would have
a field day. Most certainly drug addiction presents a
serious problem and the addict a pitiable figure but
is it not time to separate fact from fiction that the
truth of this situation can be properly evaluated.

“Of all corrupters of youth none is so terrible than
the dope peddler who entices children to try narcot-
ics,” J. Edgar Hoover recently declared. With this
sentiment we fully agree. However, the F.B.L, has
an army of informers composed of stool pigeons and
undercover men from coast to coast, in every state,
in every tenderloin and among drug addicts.. A sum
of money of considerable size is appropriated annual-
ly with which to pay these informers for their infor-
mation. If Mr. Hoover or any of his “G”-men have
any information relative to his statement why is it
not turned over to the Treasury Dept., whose job it
is to stamp out illicit traffic in drugs.

We make no excuses for nor attempt to minimize
drug addiction, however, between drugs and liquor
the latter presents a far greater and graver menace.
The death rate, the human tragedies and the overall
losses to mankind from assorted liquors ean never be
determined through statistics and, ironically, addic-
tion to liquor has been legally approved.

It has been stated countless numbers of times; the
drug addict will resort to anything for a “fix” while
seemingly overlooked is the fact that aleoholies are
not easily deterred by obstacles when the desire for
drink becomes urgent.

During 1960 a group in California circulated a
petition and acquired 1,250,000 signatures from citi-
zens of that State urging the legislature to enact the
Elk’s Bill. This bill, had it been enacted, would have
authorized the courts to sentence drug addicts to
prison for a minimum of 30 years. Such a measure
would have been ineffective, if adopted, for punish-
ment has never been a cure for emotional disturb-
ances or mental problems. Uniformed people appar-
ently thought little if anything when signing this
petition. Perhaps even less thought takes place while
attending cocktail parties, lounging in bars, and then
driving a car on the highway.

Law enforcement agencies are not the answer to
drug addiction nor have they been effective in pre-
venting traffic in drugs. The problem of drug addic-
tion is one for the medical profession and psychia-
trists. In time it is highly probable that medical re-
search will produce a drug which will cause the drug
addict to experience the same reaction that the drug
antibuse produces in an alcoholic in the event he con-
sumes any alcohol while taking the drug.

Drug addiction is no longer a problem in England.
The system adopted there provides that a board of
three physicians must examine the addict and pre-
seribe his minimum daily dosage which he, in turn,
purchases for a few cents per day. With supervised
care the addicts daily dosage is reduced until he is
cured of his addiction. More to the point, his employ-
ment does not cease during this period and because
ot this he remains an asset to the economy. Is is not
now time to face this problem squarely here in this
country in a more practical and rational manner and
resolve the matter than to continue trying to push
back the waves to no avail?
