---
id: "768"
title: "Book Reviews"
author: "Gussman, Donald"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Book
Reviews

by Don Gussman

COMRADE VENKA by Pavel Nilen

This is an epic nevel by Pavel Nilen from the origi-
nal Russian version by Joseph Barnes. Although well
written and well translated, it appears to me that it
has lost something in translation.

The story is laid in that era shortly after the
Russian Revolution of 1917 in Siberia. The author
writes in the first person and is very objective in his
writing. Comrade Venka was a heroic, philosophical,
and romantic policeman in the early days of the O.G.
P.U., or counter-revolutionary suppressors. This con-
temporary Russian novel deals with a man and a
man’s integrity, the bureaucracy of the secret police,
the standards of the Soviet Press, and the victory of
a higher policy over simple justice together with the
treatment of prisoners all of which are described in a
manner which would be impossible under other re-
gimes.

To make this even more astounding, against the
recent background of Soviet writing, is this novel’s
description of a single officer caught between his job
requirements in the police machines and his con-
science and sense of honesty. His awareness of the
basic dignity of human nature brings out the true
character of the author.

Although slow starting the novel picks up a good
deal of momentum and I hated to put this book down
until the very end.

SILVERTIP RANCH by Lynn Westland

The second book in my review is Silvertip Ranch
by Lynn Westland. This is actually my first western.
I never wished to read one before, however, if all
westerns are of this calibre I am on my way to be-
coming a dyed-in-the-wool fan.

This is the story of an orphaned brother and sister
who have control of the of the finest ranches in the
territory. Of course in the old West, according to
TV, there were always the schemers who sought to
line their pockets at the expense of the unsuspecting.
In this account, the brother and sister, Davis and
Victoria Laird, are almost taken by the badies who
try to dispossess them of their birthright. As in “Gun-
smoke," there is only one way to handle the killers
and spoilers—but it’s a chancey job and it makes a
man lonely and a little watchful.

For better or worse, virtue and rightness prevail
in the end. Although this sounds like jazz in a gray
flannel suit this saga of our early western U.S.A., is
quick moving, well written and one does not feel lke
laying this book down until compelled to. Its finish
is in complete accord with the series of events de-
seribed by the author. Whether one is a western fan
or not it would be well to place this book on your list.

The WATCH THAT ENDS THE NIGHT
by Hugh MacLennan

Mr. MacLennan, as in his other books, “Hach Man’s
Son,” and “he Precipice” displays a rare talent
which is alien to most authors of the day. He has a
true knack of understanding life and fate.

I’m sure this book will never make the best seller
list but it is definitely well worth reading. His de-
scriptions of philosophies and his complete knowl-
edge of the times and human events make this histor-
ically worthwhile. MacLennan is adept in his usage
of the English language in painting a glowing pic-
ture of a man in love with love itself.

He vividly deseribes the depression years in Can-
ada and the rise of communism and communistic
methods of recruiting professional men of that era
to fight a cause for nothingness and how, in the end,
it ruined the life of a doctor and others. His inter-
pretation of life as it really is and his explanation of
marriage, love and devotion to one’s self are nothing
short of educational. Life and death are treated with
an amazing twist that could mean something to all
of us. So I say Bravo for Hugh MachLennan.

THE POEMS OF CARL SANDBURG
Compiled by Rebecca West

These are a collection of poems by the immortal
Carl Sandburg and edited by Rebecca West. Frankly,
I must admit, some or most of these poems leave me
up in the air. Mr. S. has a knack of stating fact in 
his mind’s eye which is purely his own way. Miss
West evidently looked for the least complex of these
to place together in book form. I know this was a
tedious chore as no philosopher is simple and all great
philosophies are complex. These poems lean towards
the less complex and do not achieve a purpose as far
as I can see. Most of Miss West’s selections leave the
end to imagination. I truthfully was left cold by the
whole thing. But for those who are of a higher plane
of thought than this book; many other writings of
this nature are available in the library.

As a last review we submit “Newspapers” as bor-
rowed from “The Carolina Israelite” edited by Mr.
Harry Golden who describes newspapers as:
“Newspapers fill a variety of needs. They tell us
what is on sale, what has happened to Winnie Winkle
and Dick Tracy, what halfback is limping at Wednes-
day’s practice and along with all these goodies they
provide some news.”
