---
id: "770"
title: "Medical Department Banquet"
author: "Stocker, Robert A. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Medical
Department
Banquet

The medical department of this institution has ap-
proximately forty members on its inmate staff. Prac-
tically all of them are specially trained to do highly
skilled work. These men, and our doctors constitute
our hospital teams. Through the combined efforts of
the teams, the medical department stands ready to
meet any emergency that may arise. It was felt that
the men, and the work they do in rendering medical
treatment was worthy of some consideration. This
resulted in plans for a banquet to honor these people.
The plans were made approved and the banquet was
on February 15, of this year.

Much like other honorary affairs catering to a
small group, the banquet was able to be held in the
officers dining room. The meal was excellently pre-
pared and served in traditional banquet style. The
main course featured steak (with all the proper
trimmings), apple pie and coffee. After all were
seated, the most welcome guest speakers appeared.
It was surprising to note that the first speaker was
our own Charles Jones. Not withstanding the humor
his approach created, the text of his message was
directed to the officer’s table, was that of thanks and
appreciation for their gesture of recognition for the
efforts and achievements made. The remaining speak-
ers, Superintendent Mr. Rundle, Deputy Superin-
tendent Mr. Brierly, and Director of Treatment
Mr. Graham, voiced their thanks and words of en-
couragement. Our medical director, Dr. Blumberg
expressed his thanks and stressed the importance of
interdepartmental co-ordination in order to carry on
an effective medical program. The value of having
an opportunity to learn and gain experience in the
specialized areas of hospital work was mentioned
and that these skills could be utilized after release
from prison, as several past associates of this depart-
ment have proven.

Robert Stocker
