---
id: "771"
title: "Better to Light One Candle"
author: "Barnes, Rev. Sidney E. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From Our Chaplains....

Better to Light One Candle

Rev. Sidney E. Barnes
Protestant Chaplain

Every inmate at one time or another has heard the
phrase: “Don’t tell me your troubles, go see the
Chaplain...” It is a phrase used by some to express
contempt and/or annoyance towards anyone who
talks about his problems—or even admits that he
has any.

The phrase also reveals a warped conception of the
Chaplain and his work. Some have the idea that the
Chaplain is for ecry-babies who are looking for sym-
pathy, or that the Chaplain is one who doles out
moral advice and pious admonitions. To some he is
a well-meaning “sky pilot” who is not in touch with
harsh reality.

Don't believe it ...

How to deseribe the Chaplain’s work, then? First,
he is a minister who has had special training in pas-
toral counseling and the ministry in institutions. He
is a pastor who seeks to help a man to help himself. . .
through counseling to help a man understand him-
self and his particular problems in the light of God’s
Judgement, Love, and Forgiveness.

We hasten to confess: the Chaplain is an imperfect
man himself. He is a sinner among sinners who de-
pends upon God’s help in the conduct of his ministry
to others. He does not pretend to render final judg-
ment upon members of hiso flock; he rather works
towards the end that men will judge themselves in
the ight of God’s claim of every life. The Chaplain
does not pretend that this or any other institution is
perfect . far from it. He does suggest that im-
perfect facilities are not the greatest obstacle to re-
habilitation. It is rather something within a man,
something which the Bible calls, “hardness of heart.”
So: Better to light one candle than to do nothing
save curse the darkness.

The Chaplain points to One who, if truly received
and trusted, provides a transforming power which
can enlighten and change a man’s life on every level.

Let us be lighting a few candles for our souls.
