---
id: "772"
title: "Sincere Worship is Enduring"
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Sincere Worship is Enduring

Fr. John J. McHugh
Catholic Chaplain

A newspaper was running a competition to dis-
cover the most principled, sober, well-behaved local
citizen. Among the entries came one which read: “I
don’t smoke, touch intoxicants or gamble. I am faith-
ful to my wife and never look at another woman. I
am hard-working, quiet and obedient. I never go to
the movies or attend the theater and I go to bed
early every night and rise with the dawn. I attend
Chapel regularly every Sunday without fail. I’ve
been like this for the past three years. But wait un-
til next Spring, when they let me out of here.”

Although this anecdote was intended for a humor-
ous vein, it has its counterpart too often in reality.
It is a bitter disappointment and sometimes frustrat-
ing to Chaplains to learn from a “repeater” that he
has neglected his religious duties.

This is especially true when an inmate apparently
showed sincere interest while “doing time.” But let’s
look at the over-all picture. As far as the religious
program in penal institutions is concerned it isn’t
too difficult for an inmate to conform. Most authori-
ties co-operate with the Chaplains and even en-
courage religious participation. Unfortunately the
facilities are not always ideal. Nevertheless, the dis-
tance to a Chapel is usually slight; there is never a
collection; there is no concern for proper dress; in
some cases it offers an opportunity to beat the lock
and, besides it looks good for the record. All in all,
not too much sacrifice is required.

On the other hand, let’s consider the experiences in
a free society. No block officer is present to remind
one of services; a long distance might have to be
traveled; proper attire is expected; a contribution to
the collection is required and domestic problems
might add to the difficulty. Still, if a person has dis-
covered the real meaning and value of worship, no
sacrifice 1s too great.

Inasmuch as many come from irreligious back-
grounds and return to the same, it is encouraging to
hear that some remain steadfast. Considering the
odds it is rewarding to know that there are those
who have not only found a new way of life, but by
their example are a credit to their church, much to
the dismay of the cynics.
