---
id: "773"
title: "Making Our Children Suffer"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. Arthur D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Making Our Children Suffer

Rev. A. D. Williams
Protestant Chaplain

“My greatest crime,” said one of my friends, “is
not the deed I did per se, not against society, but is
against my helpless children.” Then, the friend went
on to say, “I know that the children will have to live
with the shame of having a father who spent time in
prison, but even more is the fact that I have given
them a bad example. No matter how long I live I can
never tell them to do as I did."

A man recently sued the telephone company for
$10,000 for leaving his name out of their directory.
He claimed that this omission would cause him to lose
both money and prestige. Often, the sins of omission
are more grave than those of commission. This friend
of mine was thinking of the fact he had neglected to
set a wholesome example for his children. He re-
called that they were helpless to choose their father,
but had thrust upon them a man who was vulgar, ill-
bred and heartless.

Then too, the contagion of evil will likely attack
his children. We can be inoculated against virulent
attack but not against scurrilous attack against our
children, because of our shortcomings.

God has said in the ten Commandments that He is
a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers up-
on the third and fourth generation of them that hate
me: and showing no merey unto thousands of them
that love me and keep my Commandments. Often-
times we have to pay four-fold for our sins.

Let us give two illustrations—one from the Old
Testament and one from the New Testament. The
Old Testament illustration is that of David. If you
wish to see how four of his sons were murdered for
the one murder David committed read these refer-
ences: First Child—2 Sam. 12:15-23, Second 2 Sam.
13th Chap. 2 Sam. 18:9-33, Fourth, 1 Kings 2: 19-25.

In the new Testament read how Zacchaeus felt that
he must pay four-fold for cheating his fellowman—
St. Luke Chapter 19.

The history books of the old Testament over and
over show that when the father had done evil, he and
his entire family were put to death. When we sow a
wind we must expect to reap a whirlwind. (Hosea-
8:7.)

Jeremiah tells that the fathers have eaten sour
grapes and the children’s teeth shall be put on edge.
(Jer. 31:29.) It remains true today. Whatsoever a
man soweth, that shall he also reap.

The other side of this picture is encouraging to
those who obey God—“‘for he will show mercy unto
thousands of (our children) them that love God and
keep his commandments.” (Exodus 20:6.) We fathers
must think of ways to overcome the harm we do our
children.
