---
id: "774"
title: "The Edge of Life"
author: "SOLOMON, Ph.D. Rabbi Victor"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Edge of Life

Dr. Victor Solomon
Jewish Rabbi

A devoted father wished to take his children on a
journey to the mountains. What concerned him was
the dangerous precipice which the taxi would have to
navigate before it reached its destination. He was,
understandably, anxious to hire the most proficient
driver for the trip.

Going to the taxi-stand, he intervied the first driv-
er he met. “How close can you drive to the precipice
on route 35 without falling over’? he inquired. “I
could manage with twelve inches to spare,” was the
answer. Turning to the second driver he asked, “How
close to the edge can you drive with assurance?” “Oh,
I feel safe even six inches from the edge,” was the
reply. Then he turned to the third driver and asked
the same question—‘Sir,” he answered, “I really don’t
know because I would never trust myself to drive
anywhere near the edge.” The happy father had
found the man he would trust to drive his precious
family.

Many of us race through hfe dangerously close to
the abyss of self-annihilation. We drive ourselves
hard and take dangerous chances hoping for the
morrow—which may never come. We permit our-
selves to skirt the precipice of spiritual destruction,
thinking that there are always a few inches to spare
—that there is always time. We neglect our duties
as parents and our responsibilities to make our peace
with God. How many of us leave our religion for a
far off day for the sake of fast living, thinking that
there is plenty of time.

No one knows how late it really is. No one really
knows how close he is to spiritual as well as material
disaster. The wise man, like the prudent driver will
never tempt fate, never drive too close to the edge.
He will always leave a margin of faith and practice
which will assure him safe passage through life. 
