---
id: "775"
title: "Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Musician's Corner
by Frederick Adams

Knowing that I would have to put down a few
thoughts for the Echo again this issue, I’ve been
keeping notes on the passing scene—and_ present.
In some eases, the scene didn’t pass quickly enough;
in others, it passed too quickly. In still others, ’'m
afraid, I didn’t care one way or the other. Now you
take . . . Well, make the whole piece, man, because
I invested several lousy days into it.

Musicians: Originators of the term “Cats” and
they knew what they were talking about.

Maynard Ferguson: | dig the technique and ad-
mire his range but I sometimes get the impression
I’m listening to a dog whistle.

Chris Connor: An imitation of June Christy imitat-
ing Anita O’Day.

Mose Allison: I am a member in good standing of
the, “We Dig Mose From Tippo, Miss. Society.”

Lawrence Welk: Some guys will do anything for
a laugh.

Newport Youth Band: I still think they're a bunch
of midgets putting us on.

Records: Next, after the subway trains, jet planes,
sonic booms, depth charges, and the actual sounds of
a six-car traffie accident at 13th and Locust, will be
a championship ping-pong match between Monk and
Cannonball, im stereo, of course.

Institution Disc Jockeys: I had to give that bum
Murphy two Peanut Huckos for one Benny Carter!
Last time I trade with that eat.

Soul Music: Nobody knows what it is; every ree-
ord company started it; everybody’s playing it, and
we were getting tired of funky music anyway... .

Frank Murphy: Old “Dixie” drummers never die,
they just get put away.

Shotgun Slade: A western gunfight and a blues
playing vibes player, to me, just don’t make it.

Al Raskiewicz: If he could only have kicked that
Spike Jones influence.

Conga Drum Players: What do they do with their
hands when they’re sitting around digging music?

What is a Jazz singer? Hang yourself up on that
one for awhile.

Ben Webster: Poor cat. He’s been playing soul
music for 20 years and never knew it.

Paul Desmond: Do you ever get the feeling he’s
influenced by Earl Bostic?

R &R Disc Jockeys: How can they sleep at night?

Jackie Leeds: The Grandma Moses of musie.

Third Stream Music: Everytime I hear this album
played on the radio, I think I’ve got two stations
coming in at once.

Paul Whiteman: He should be given 10 lashes
everytime he allows himself to be introduced as the
"King of Jazz."

John Coltrane: I’m sorry.

Peggy Lee: The Marilyn Monroe of Jazz.

Ella Fitzgerald: At the risk of alienating the
world, I have to admit I get a little more tired with
her every day.

Frank Sinatra: Ditto!

Ornette Coleman: I’ve been told that the reason
I don’t get the message is because he’s playing in
code.

Fabian: A living example of a “Sick Joke.”

Stereo Records: You pay a dollar more to stand
in the middle of the room.

Flip Phillips: What ever happened to him?

Bongo Drums: Almost as popular as Monopoly.

Joe Newman:..This guy has more good taste than
Emily Post ever had.

Count Basie Orchestra: The living definition of a
type of togetherness undreamed of by the Ladies
Home Journal.

Stan Getz—Pardon me while I go light the candles.

Leo Tillman: During the summer, I had the un-
usual opportunity of sharing a gig with Leo and his
American Artist trumpet. First of all, in a marvelous
display of Gamemanship, Leo put on a large pair of
sunglasses to play the session. This in itself, seeing
Leo Tillman with his American Artist trumpet stick-
ing in front of his face while wearing a large pair of
sunglasses, is enough to shake anybody up. To further
this bit of sabotage, he paid the guitar player six
packs of cigarettes to change the keys on me every
six bars; when he borrowed a tenor for me to play,
he made sure the G-sharp key stuck; when I needed
a better reed, he borrowed a No. 34 (he knows I use
a 24); he refused to play anything but. blues in B-
flat; he snapped his fingers on 1 and 3 and every
chance he’d get, he’d whisper in my ear things like,
“Is that Wheeler coming over with his horn?” or
"No, baby, that's a B-minor 7th" or "Last chorus,
man—the drummer’s getting tired” It went like this
all afternoon. When Leo suggested we play only
tunes that he’s been practicing and then refused to
play S’ Wonderful, I quit. Anyway, I can’t stand
eats influenced by Les Elgart.

Overheard in the bandroom;

A. “Man, I’m telling you—Bird didn’t play any
better than you do. It’s all in the publicity!”

B. “Let’s get out of this hole, Bernie, these guys
are a buncha nuts.”

C. “But I thought we had the room today!”

D. “Look, Officer, I told you before, the last time
IT saw him he was heading for the window on 3 block.”

E. “Do all Drummers take dope?”

F. “No, schnnok! Dave Brubeck’s a trumpet
player !”

G. “Id like to get that Adams by the throat... .”

H. “Man, it was a gas! As I left her pad, I told
her I played bari in Maynard’s band!”

I. “Well, man, we might go off our nut now and
then, but at least we’ve got a stable outlook toward
life, you dig?”

J. "Listen Dad, he said to go ahead and play. He’d
make it right after psycho-therapy class was over.”

K. “Believe me, this stud is a real cube, but I gotta
play with somebody.”

L. “Man, I don’t care how long he’s been playing
that horn. I can blow my nose better than that.”

Look at it this way . . . I mean, what’d you expect
for 25¢. A biography of Leo Tillman? Let’s put it
where it’s at—I’m tired, I sent the piece in late, I had
a bad day in the bandroom, and anyway, I heard
Leo’s been punching out cats lately.
