---
id: "778"
title: "Basketball"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0028.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
BASKETBALL

Splashed across every newspaper around the coun-
try were the headlines, “Chamberlain scores 100.”
Before this sensational news had died down, once
again the papers screamed with headlines that Wilt
Chamberlain had scored 4029; during the regular
season. These two feats have never been accomp-
lished by any player in the basketball realm, indeed
a truly amazing feat to say the least.

These headlines are still deeply inbedded in the
minds of many, especially the players in the two
basketball leagues. For on February 12, the two
leagues officially opened their basketball season at
this institution. The players themselves are now get-
ting down to serious thinking and playing of the
game. During the winter months, many of the players
have kept in condition by forming teams and playing
whenever the weather permitted. The snow which
fell was no problem to those stalwart players for they
got together and removed every inch of snow from
the playing area. Much ercdit goes to the able ground
keeper Joe Click, who I know personally as the
greatest athlete to enter this institution.

The two leagues have been playing steady ball and
feeling out their opposition during the course of each
game. At times during the play, the players become
quite heated especially when the pushing and bump-
ing under the backboards becomes too much for the
timid. Whenever it does, the referee makes known
his reason for being there. I’m sure in all competitive
sports, tempers flare; even tea kettles blow off excess
steam. Do lions stop roaring because they are caged
in? well ...

In the O.B.B.A. league which comprises four teams
and a manager, this is likewise in the E.B.L. which
has the more advanced caliber of player plus, they
are the better crop of this institution. All the outside
competition is handled by the players in this league,
that is if they are selected for the varsity squad. The
outside teams of last year had difficulty in handling
the varsity. Remember the great musical theme.
“Slaughter on Tenth Avenue,” need I say more? This
is a new season and the players haven’t forgotten the
embarrassment of a year ago. I sincerely hope not.
I’m not from Missouri, but show me. Mr. Thompson,
our sports director has informed this reporter that
more basketball games are to be played with squads
from the better leagues in and around this city. The
Camden teams are a big favorite with the inmate
population. Whenever any of these teams are known
to appear here the fringe of the basketball court is
over-flowing with humanity. To even see this is a
nightmare within itself. The nightmare still exists
even after the final ball swishes through the nets, be-
cause the scoreboard tells the same old tale, the in-
side lost again. What makes this even more ineredi-
ble is, we are forever the home-team and the inmate
fans are always rooting for the outside squads. This
will never, never change I’m sure. The players them-
selves are working overtime whenever they play an
outside team, therefore it is entirely in the minds
and body of the players (inside) to fight doubly hard
and show the fans here they are a winning ball club.
Show the outside rooters and hecklers that as a team
you have the guts and hustle that will outlast any-
thing they might scream at you. Don’t ever suecumb
to their unsportsman-like gestures and whims. When-
ever Mr. Thompson calls a practice session, be there
promptly and practice with zest and not in a listless
manner. If you players represent the best in this
institution, then show us by performance and the will
to win.
