---
id: "779"
title: "Playoffs in the O.B.B.A."
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0029.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Playoffs in the
O.B.B.A.

The referees were “Sonny” Mays and W. Carter.
The players for both teams:

COBRAS

Bob Gerlach, “Sea Sock”, Smiley”, Bernard Harris,
Lou McCloud, W. Greene, W. Winters, Willie “No
No” Smith.

TERRORS

Nick Nickens, Crawford “Moose”, Sampson, Rehm,
“Tee Wee”.

The playoffs were played on the big court by the
O.B.B.A., from the one block court. There were some
well played games, with highlights as follows: The
first game both teams were cold, but the big guns for
the Cobras, Gerlach and “Smiley” tallied ten points
each. “Pee Wee” and “Nick” of the Terrors led both
teams scoring 11 points each. At half time the Ter-
rors were leading 23 to 15, but the Cobras came back
in the final half as Gerlach, “Smiley” and Bernard
led the way to victory. Genrlach’s jump shots,
“Smiley’s” driving lay-ups and Bernard’s great re-
bounding caused the Cobra victory. 39 to 34 final.
The second game told a different tale, Gerlach still
leading with his jump shots and Lou McCloud calling
the plays assisted by Bernard, whose fine rebounding
proved to be a winner. “Moose,” Sampson, and Nick
played fine ball although it was a vain attempt, as
the Terrors went down to defeat. The third game
showed a reverse victory as the Terrors were more
effective. “Nick” jump shooting and hitting from the
outside helped “Moose,” whose fine ball handling
and Crawford grabbing all the rebounds, supplied
the win. The last two games were all that was needed
for the Cobras to take the championship. The new
champs, the Cobras played like the champs should,
not to belittle the fine efforts emitted from the losing
Terrors.
