---
id: "78"
title: "How Can I Help Myself While in Prison?"
author: "Culp, Jerry D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
HOW CAN I HELP MYSELF WHILE IN PRISON ?

It comes to all of us sooner or later — the time
when we ask ourselves, ‘‘How can I help myself?”
Not all of us are equipped with a good education or
have mastered some trade. Along with the pleasant
feeling which comes with being close to going out on
the street, is the tiny worry of getting a job. No one
of us, I am sure, who is at all capable of productive
work wants to be employed as a laborer or in some
low-paying menial capacity. Like every one else we
have our dreams of a home, good clothes, a ear, and
the other things that make for a happy life. Con-
trary to popular opinion, Harry Farrell does not own
all the money in the world — only half. Therefore,
we must come up with something which will insure
our share of the kitty.

Casting about, we discover that there is an im-
pressive array of I.C.S. courses available for those
who wish either to prepare for a business venture,
do more study on the trade they now have, or learn
an entirely new one. Unless one is able to study a
course on a certain trade in conjunction with actually
working at it, we find that we have ‘‘theoretically’’
learned the trade. Now in knowing something theo-
retically, we have the advantage of being able to
understand what is being said or done when we
finally go to a job the technique of which we have
studied. Of course this is not as good as actually
working on and studying the subject at the same time.
If you merely studied a book on how to fly an airplane
I am afraid I would be most reluctant to go along on
your first flight.

The facilities for on the job study are limited
in here as we all know. One can study and work at
the following trades:

Carpenter
Electric Maintenance
Machine Shop
Plumbing
Printing
Stenographer
Architectural Drawing
Show Card and Sign Lettering
Mechanical Drawing

The I.C.S. courses available for the asking are
listed below. Just inquire of Mr. Graham at the
school office. He will be most happy to talk over
your educational problems with you.

COURSES OFFERED THROUGH CELL STUDY * LC.S.
1- Automobile 
2- Accounting
3- Advertising 
4- Bookkeeping & Cost Accounting 
5- Bookkeeping & Business Form 
6- Business Correspondence
7- Carpentry & Millwork 
8- Commercial Course
Accounting
Typing 
Shorthand
9- Diesel 
10- Electric Light & Power 
11- Electric Maintenance 
12- Electric Engineering 
13- Electric Motor Repair 
14- Foundry Practice 
15- Gas & Electric Welding
16- Good English
17- Machine Shop
18- Mason Foreman
19- Mathematies
20- Mechanical Drawing
21- Ocean Navigation
22- Plumbing
23- Power House Electric
24- Reading Architectural Blue Prints
25- Reading Shop Blue Prints
26- Refrigeration & Air Conditioning 
27 - Salesmanship
28- Stenographic - Secretarial
29- Structural Engineering
30- Toolmaking
31- Tool Design

Note: All courses requiring DRAWING INSTRUMENTS
can be completed through school.

1- Architectural Drawing 
2- Show Card & Sign Lettering 
3- Typing
4- Mechanical Drawing

We can learn to be a dental technician, which
pays well. The Print Shop has many high paying
trades within the framework of printing: pressman,
linotype operator, monotype operator, compositor,
binding, shipping, stockroom, all good, steady jobs
producing fat pay checks. Men have gone out of
here and earned more than they ever did before —
even when they were clipping somebody.

What you do and how you do is entirely up to
you. Leave the menial tasks of the institution to
those who have no ambition or desire to better them-
selves. J have seen no ads in the paper for a block
runner. Many, many times men have stopped to
watch me operate a linotype and have remarked,
“I wish I had learned that,’’ Don’t be always think-
ing of next week in here — think of the more impor-
tant weeks to come on the street. You seldom see a
printer return or a man who has learned a good trade.
They are buying homes, raising children and are be-
coming solid citizens. Think of your future and of
those who will be dependant upon you. Don’t you
be the one leaning on your street broom gnashing
your teeth, as a former fellow inmate, who used his
time wisely, roars past in his Thunderbird scattering
your little pile of torn papers and old leaves.

—JERRY D. CULP

