---
id: "780"
title: "One Block Basketball Assn."
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0029.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
One Block Basketball Assn.

At press time these are the standings and players
in the O.B.B.A.

Boston                ‘No-No’ Smith, Msgr.
Bernard Harris, Capt.    Mac McKentish
Ronnie McQueen           Johnny Downs
No-No Smith              Lump Winters
           Little Greene

Boston has won 5 and Lost 4

The Boston club is firmly entrenched in second
place and definitely on the heels of first place, Chal-
lengerslengers. “No-No” has informed this reporter
his team will win the Championship in his division.
With deadly shooting by Crawford, Pee Wee, Mac,
Winters and Bernard, it is strongly possible he could
win all the marbles. One fact is certain, “No-No”. It’s
one thing to talk but again the games must be played
down to the wire. Time will tell if you speak the
words of a wiseman or not.

The Challengers    Moose, Mgr.
Bob Gerlach   Ralph Sicoro
Smiley        Martin
Bill Sampson  George Allen
Bubbles       Moose
Ace           Gus

This is the strongest club in the league, having
won 7 and lost 1. Seeing this team in action on sev-
eral occasions I have come to the conclusion that this
will be the team to win. Shooting stars such as
Gerlach, “Smiley,” “Moose,” “Ace” and Sampson ap-
pear to be the most deadly in the league. On the
boards is Sicuro who towers over every other player,
in the O.B.B.A. and does his share of scoring to boot.
The best ball handlers are “Moose,” “Ace” and Ger-
lach.

The Sure Pops   Harry Zietz, Mgr.
“Big Swede”     “Big Mitchell”
“Smokey”        Joe Corvi
“Scratch”       Harry Zietz
         Whiting

The Sure Pops were making a definite bid to stay
in contention with the top three, posting a 4 win to
5 loss talley. This team has made a remarkable re-
coup after floundering in the basement at the start
of the season. Somehow they have pulled themselves
together and are making known to the other teams,
that they aim to stay in contention all the way. The
teams best playmaker is Whiting, a most accurate
shooter and fine back court man. He has able help
from Zietz, “smokey,” swhor iss san. olds prop ane
“Seratch.” The two biggest players in the league
are “Swede” and Mitchell.

The Misfits    Mr. Thompson, Msgr.
Easley          Geo. MecFeat
Fred Jordan     Mr. Thompson
R. Watson       “Cassanova”
Casey           “Chico”
Walt Young      W. Bond

The fourth place Misfits have won 1 and lost 7 to
retain the O.B.B.A. cellar position. This team is
lacking in many departments where basketball is
concerned. Mr. Thompson, our athletic director is
the only experienced player. His playing is limited
due to his other institutional duties. The top three
teams have mauled the Misfits in every game they
played. Their only victory was a forfeited game
from Boston, whose players did not show up. To this
reporter the players enjoy the game, if nothing else.
Keep hustling team “HA HA.”
