---
id: "781"
title: "Eastern Basketball League"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0030.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Eastern Basketball League

The Eastern League, their players and standings:

The Demons     Wm. Holly, Mgr.
B. Fleming     Wm. Barnes
"Big Tex”      “Blackie”
Al Shep        Nick Nickens
C. C. Clark    Wm. Holley

This is a fast moving team that thrives on the fast
break, their hustling type of play led to a record of
8 wins to 1 loss to take the league lead. They love to
run and pass off for those ever driving lay-ups which
the Demons execute so smartly. “Big Wilt,” “Tex,”
and “Barnes the Terrible” patrol the boards as lead-
ers do. Al shep holds down the center on defense
along with “Holley the demon.” “Nick” and C. C.
Clark move at the forward spots to round out the
team. “Shooting is their business,” Barnes and “Tex”
are deadly on the inside while “Blackie” who is al-
ways hustling, looks right and left in order to con-
fuse the opposition and keep them honest. As Holley
proclaims, “we will be mighty hard to beat.”

The Harrisons            A. Bruno, Msgr.
W. "Playmaker" Carver  "Bibbs,"
H. Hughtop             Willie Green
“Rock”                 Bob Johnson
            Charley

The “most” has happened to this team recently
causing them to lose 8 games and only winning 1.
A. 5x5 player with the tag “Playmaker Carter” ar-
rived from outer space and lifted the team off the
eround floor to become a hustling and eager ball-
club. I have never seen a more inspiring team than
the Harrisons. Manager Bruno has been leaping
around the court like a man possessed. “Greenie,”
“Topo, Claarine amc “ROCK,” SInOOllMe mO6Si Ol Tne
time and Willie Carter handling the ball most adroit-
ly shows us why Bruno acts possessed. Weakness is
found in their defensive system and this causes a
lack of poise. Chief, one of the teams better players
has given up and this has sapped them even more.
Once they find themselves, the Harrisons could give
the top teams a good deal of trouble.

The Giants      “Crazy Herb”, Msgr.
“Crazy Herb"     M. Dickerson
Jake Welty       “Lucky”
Dawkins          Lou McCloud

Presently the Giants are either hot or cold. Any
given day could find them winning, due to the efforts
Ol “Creayay lelemo,” “bmelkay,” “Bie IDawlk,” Jalke aind
Dick, all good players. This club recorded 5 wins
to 3 losses to prove they can play ball. Once they get
down to playing and quit arguing among themselves,
I see no reason why they can not be our next cham-
pions. Board work is handled by Jake and “Big
Dawk” with Lou MeCloud a new player to bolster
this teams chances.

The Lakers        Art. Mgr.
Joe Massanova   Art
Sam Brown       E. Shepard
E. Booren       E. Brooks

The Lakers have a sound club and very good ma-
terial to become the real threat to the league leading
Demons. They posted a 4 win to 5 loss record to
prove this. Massanova, Shep, Art, and Sam Brown
are the greatest shooting guns in the league. Hach
of the players are capable of scoring 20 points a
game. If they ever become a compact playing unit
they will be the ones to beat. Sam Brown has really
developed into a polished ball player, while playing
along with “Shep” a virtual wizard of handling and
shooting the ball. Sam could become a star in his
own right. Brooksy and E. Brown are surely help-
ing the Lakers with their bid to capture first place.
