---
id: "782"
title: 'A Sports "Exclusive"'
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0030.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
A Sports “ Exclusive"

A program in physical fitness has been introduced
by our Athletic Director, Mr. Thompson. This is in-
deed a splendid move towards the building of the
human body and makes it more functional in the
process. You don’t have to repeat strenuous ecxer-
cises to build muscles, says German Scientist Max
Planch. His theory is that the maximum contraction
of a muscle held momentarily will cause it to grow in
strength as fast as it can—a contraction a day is
sufficient. There are particular exercises called the
“Isometrics Exercises” and its originator, Professor
Vie Obeck, of the University of New York, has stated
this concept of it. A person can do five minutes of
workouts a week without moving a muscle in static
contraction, he explained. Push a door, Jump with all
your might, or try to lift a car bumper. The idea is
to work on some immovable object and sustain the
effort for 10 seconds. An all around college athlete
and a former pro-football player, Obeck is mixed up
in a variety of physical fitness programs. “It is not
a new thing,” he said. Bob Hoffman of the York
Barbell Co., is sold on Isometries, although in a way
it hurts his own business. Three members of York’s
U.S. weightlifting team got astonishing results from
the wall-pushing. ““We thought we had a top-secret
weapon to use against the Russians in the Olympics,”
Obeck said, “but we found out they had also been
experimenting with Isometrics for several years.”
He also states any age can do the excercises. Now on
the market are the albums, ‘“Isomertics Exercises.”
There should be a lot of loose doorways and shaky
front bumpers if his record catches on.

Incidentally, a deal had just been set for the
N.Y.U. Athletic Director to turn out a book on the
subject. Many of the fellows who are unable to lift
weights would certainly feel much better with the
Isometric System. This reporter had the pleasure of
listening to the record and found it very stimulating
to execute these exercises in my room. I must admit
the results were really amazing trying to push the
wall down in my room made my arms feel like cords
of steel. Go ahead try pushing any immovable object
you'll feel the results in the after effects.
