---
id: "783"
title: "Play Ball"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
PLAY BALL

On April 9th, and April 16th, the two softball
leagues will have gotten underway for the 1962 sea-
son, and thus begin another year of “if’s” and “but’s”
between the Mexican and the Cuban Leagues. The
managers of these different clubs were signing play-
ers at a fiery rate before the outset of the first game.
One player has signed three different contracts to
play ball! (Don’t worry “Chico,” I won’t mention
your name.) Since the managers are still signing and
trading players, here are the tentative listings of the
teams and their managers:

Mexican League
April 9, 1962

Cardinals
George Sanders, Mer.

Mets
Johnny Dorens, Mgr. 

Rangers 
Billy Williams, Mgr. 

Lynx’s 
DuPree, Mgr. 

Cuban League
April 16, 1962

Falcons
Norman Pearson, Mgr.

Giants
David Croxton, Mgr.

Braves
“Tarzan” Hayman, Mgr.

Detroit
Frank Sisak, Mgr.

Last year champs, the Giants, are in trouble and it
will come from the Falcons, So Beware! With “Iron-
man” splitting the scene you'll be even more hurt, for
he was the best pitcher in either league. Surely Harl
is not one of the fine stock as was “Ironman.” I doubt
whether the Cardinals are able to repeat last year’s
showing of winning over fifty games, and losing one.
The other three teams didn’t like what happened last
season and they’re out to prove it. So look out Card-
inals, Mac has his own club this season; The Mets.
