---
id: "784"
title: "Chess Review"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0032.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Chess Review

by Thomas Williams

The ESP Chess Club has made its major bid into
Philadelphia League competition for 1961-62 by out-
standing play of which will be reported. Due to the
many matches played, individual comments will be
dispensed with in order to highlight the scoring of
the Industrial League, the reserve section and the
championship team, plus the clubs activities intra-
murally.

THE INDUSTRIAL LEAGUE:

ESP scoring — 3 wins 2 losses.

1st Round: ESP vs Comegy Food (C. F. 4 ESP 1)
2nd Round: ESP vs Blue Cross (B.C. 5 ESP 0)
3rd Round: ESP vs Chester Pike (ESP 4 1/2 C. P. 1/2)
4th Round: ESP vs Westinghouse KE. (ESP 4 W. 1)

The ESP Industrial League players are comprised
of the folowing past and present players: T. Good-
fellow, A. Hewitt, AH. Owens, M. Smith, S. Moroz, J.
Antoniewicz, M. Lees, G. Stroy, F. Jordan, L. Massey,
H. Farrell, J. Walker, F. Jackson.

The reserve section of the ESP Chess Club has
made a splendid showing in the city league matches.
At the time of this writing they have ran up the im-
pressive score of 5 wins and 1 defeat. They have won
over such formidable foes as—Greater Northeast C.
C., Bridesburg, Pawn Club, LaSalle College, Post 396,
and Losing only to the Franklin Mercantile C.C.

Their individual scores are as follows:

GREATER NORTHEAST: T. Williams (ESP) won
over F. Walsh, Jack Walker (ESP) won over J.
Sciuto, F. Jackson (ESP) won over G. Johnson, T.
Goodfellow (ESP) won over J. Kirk. (ESP 4 Greater
Northeast 1.)

BRIDESBURG: F. Jackson (ESP) won by forfeit,
J. Walker (ESP) won by forfeit, T. Goodfellow (ES-
P) lost to D. Kenny, F. Jordan (ESP) won over W.
Jackewiez and A. Hewitt (ESP) beat M. Kubiak.
SCORE: ESP 3 Bridesburg 2.

PAWN CHESS CLUB: J. Walker (ESP) drew with
J. Faust, T. Goodfellow (ESP) won over Miller, A.
Hewitt (ESP) won over R. Blackburn, F. Jordan (E-
SP) won over A. Coles and H. Owens. (ESP) won on
forfeit.

LASALLE COLLEGE: J. Walker (ESP) lost to W.
Fraser, T. Goodfellow (ESP) won on forfeit, A.
Hewitt (ESP) won over P. Hidalgo, F. Jordan (ESP)
lost to Schmidt and H. Owens (ESP) won over
Marker. SCORE: (ESP 3 LaSalle College 2.)

POST 396: J. Walker (ESP) won over A. Maurer, A.
Hewitt (ESP) drew with R. Tomlinson, T. Good-
fellow (ESP) drew with F. Kay, F. Jordan (ESP)
won over J. McBride and H. Owens (ESP) won over
J. O'Shaugnessy. SCORE: (ESP 3 Post 396 2.)

FRANKLIN C.C.: T. Williams (ESP) lost to 18,
Zundmanis, J. Walker (ESP) lost to R. Basset, F.
Jackson (ESP) won over A. Callselman, I. Jordan
(ESP) lost to B. Arshan and T. Goodfellow (ESP)
lost to J. Foote.
SCORE: (Franklin C.C. 4 ESP 1.)

The championship section of the ESP Chess Club
has made its mark in Philadelphia Chess cireles. They
are now leading the league with an overall score of
4 wins and 1 defeat. The game score is as follows:
14 wins—3 draws and 8 losses. The score by individ-
ual play is as follows:

1st Round: Greater Northeast vs ESP.

M. Pearson (ESP) won over A. Quindry, T. Brawner
(ESP) lost to A. Koppany, W. Hallowell (ESP) won
over J. Buhalo, A. Paschedage (ESP) won over B.
Grossman, R. Thompson (ESP) won over M. Burger.
SCORE: (ESP 4 Post 396 1.)

2nd Round: ESP vs Post 396.

M. Pearson (ESP) lost to A. Chressanthis, T. Braw-
ner (ESP) won over F. Brauner, W. Hallowell (ESP)
won over J. Bender, R. Thompson (ESP) won over F.
Cinkus, T. Williams (ESP) won over Z. Skorzewski.
SCORE: (ESP 4 Post 396 1.)

3rd Round: ESP vs Pawn Chess Club.

M. Pearson (ESP) won by forfeit, T. Brawner (ESP)
won by forfeit, FP. Jackson (ESR) drew with R.
Wisner, R. Thompson drew with R. Cintrone, and T.
Williams (ESP) lost to W. Lee.

4th Round: ESP vs Franklin Merchantile C. C.

M. Pearson (ESP) drew with M. Zelitch, T. Brawner
(ESP) won over L. Golder, W. Hallowell (ESP) won
over 8. Goregliad, R. Thompson lost to C. Paxton and
T. Williams (ESP) won over A. Agre.

5th Round: ESP vs Marple Newton.

M. Pearson (ESP) lost to B. Camaratiay i Brawmer
(ESP) lost to F. Ramsay, W. Hallowell (ESP) lost to
W. Arkless and T. Williams (ESP) won over H.
Kelly. SCORE: (Marple Newton 4 ESP 1.)

At the time of this writing the ESP Chess Club is
1/2 point behind Marple Newton, with 2 matches left.
Mathematically speaking—if ESP wins its next 2
matches and Marple Newton loses one of their 2
matches ESP will be Philadelphia champions. Our
next issue will report this in full detail. There weren’t
many social matches thus far. The ESP Chess Club
hosted LaSalle College in a social match and below is
the scoring of that particular match.

SOCIAL MATCH: ESP vs LaSalle College

G. Stroy (ESP) lost to F. Laverty, T. Goodfellow
lost to M. Rea, J. Antoniewiez (ESP) lost to W. Fra-
ser, S. Moroz (ESP) lost to J. Uryskeiwetez, T. Mc-
Andrews (ESP) lost to Schmitt, T. Wiliams (ESP)
won over P. Hidalgo, L. Massey (ESP) won over T.
Saldotti, H. Farrel (ESP) won over D. Savakinas and
Al Hewitt won over J. Gamberton. SCORE: LaSalle
College 5 ESP 4.

On February 10, 1962, The ESP members of the
Industrial League played their last Industrial League
mateh for the season and lost by a score of 4 1/2 to 1/2.
The scoring was as follows:

G. Stroy (ESP) lost to G. Vanyntten, Ik. Massey
lost to F. Vanyntten, Hl. Farrel lost to.A. Trasomt, J.
Antoniweiez drew with G. Holmes and W. Holley
(ESP) won over J. Mirkle.

As it stands now the Water Dept. is now champ-
ions of the Industrial League with our club vying for
ord place.

The ESP Chess Club has made tremendous prog-
ress in the game of chess within this institution and
everyone is eagerly awaiting the matches that will
decide the championship of the city. Wide coverage
will be given the event win, lose or draw. 
