---
id: "785"
title: "Poetry"
author: "Various"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_spring 1962_body0034.jpg"
tags: "poetry"
layout: "item"
---
POETRY

Medication

Exportation of sedation to the Russian population,
Where dialectic deviation surely ends in liquidation,
Would result in relaxation of the present situation.
But;
Salvation for the nation must be found in medication!
Religious meditation on transubstantiation
Can be an inspiration, but who needs transfiguration
When
Salvation for the nation can be found in medication?
Psychiatric consultation leads us to accultuation,
Thence to rehabilitation, which in turn means commutation
Of our long incarceration
Still;
Salvation for the nation will be found in medication.
Please excuse my iteration when I speak of medication,
‘tis my fondest aspiration to indulge to satiation.
And, in ‘Free Association”, when I answer, “Medication”,
There will be no hesitation
For;
Salvation for the nation only lies in medication!

William K. Hallowell

Searching

Reprint from the Harmony
Mass. Women’s Corr. Inst.
Framingham, Mass.

In search of my soul I go now.
To find what | have missed,
In search of the love that has left me,
To the child that once was kissed.

In search of the soul I go now,
To find what I have lost,
To try to forget my misery,
And know not what this madness has cost.

Searching, searching, searching,
Now my heart is pained,
For I have lost my heart to hell,
And nothing I have gained.

In search of my soul I go now,
There must be another fate,
Even this world as I know it,
Could not leave me so full of hate.

To find a new tomorrow,
To never know the past,
To find a love, a faith, a tree.
To find a thing to last.

Marlene
