---
id: "79"
title: "The Eastern Echo Asks"
author: "Anonymous"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Eastern Echo Asks....

“Do you think a definite amount of time should be set for a lifer to
serve, and if so, how much?’’

John O’Brien (10 to 20)

“Yes. I believe that the legislature should set a definite mmmum on the
amount of time a lifer should serve. I should think that fifteen years would
be enough.’’

Richard Leroy (Life)

“In my opinion, fifteen years would be plenty. If a man has a good record,
mm here and has made every effort to better himself, I can see no reason why
he should not be considered at that date. Nothing can be gained by keeping
him longer.’’

James Patton (4 to 8)

"I have long felt the need of having men serving life sentences being gwen
some hope. There rs far too wide a gap between the amount of tume served
by lufers. Fifteen years is sufficient.’’

Percy McCoy (Life)

“Based on his accomplishments wn prison fifteen years 1s enough for a man
to serve. If he has learned nothing by then he never will.”’

Charles Mooney (10 to 30)

"A man serving a life sentence should have his case reviewed when he has
served ten years. At that time he should either be released or a parole date
set.’’

Joseph, Oliver (10 to 20)

“I believe that this is something that 1s badly needed. Too many men are
left with a feeling of hopelessness as the years pass them by and no chance of
freedom is advanced. When a man has served ten years m prison his case
should be brought before the Parole Board and a decision made as to the
length of time he should have left to serve.’’

Robert Heinemann (Life)

“Twelve years is the maximum a man should be made to stay im @ prison.
The human personality deteriorates after that length of tume.’’

William Winter (4 to 8)

“Most certanly. Today’s system is unfar. It is impossible to offer these
men any hope since no one can say when they will be released. No standard
has been set at all. It seems to me that twelve to fifteen years would be plenty
of tame to serve.’’

Norman Harmon (10 to 20)

“No more than twelve years. If society wants to reclaim these men, then
some definite time should be set for their release. A little hope goes a long
way.’

Previous to each publication of the Eastern Echo, the Editors will ask the
men of this institution their opinions on the question asked. Permission will be re-
quested of each man to print his answer. No answer will be printed without
that permission.
