---
id: "791"
title: "Editorial..."
author: "Gussman, Donald"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial.....

This is our bonus anniversary issue, commemorating the beginning of Echo's
seventh consecutive year of publishing. In celebrating any anniversary, it is always
customary to reflect on past events. In so doing, our original format plan for this
issue provided for a considerable assortment of reprint material relating to various
subject matter, ranging from Astrology to Zoology. In that manner we had high hopes
of not only paying tribute to former captive scribes, but the idea of presenting a
rather unique literary treat to our readers intrigued us even more.

However, due to circumstances beyond our control, we regret our inability to
include all of the originally proposed material in this issue. Perhaps at some time in
the future—be the powers-that-be- willing—such a format plan will be feasible.

The selection of reprints included in this issue, however, are typical of the splendid
work of former Echo scribes. It is evident that they wrote with virile meaning in
reflecting editorial policy “to speak for rather than to the inmate,” as they craftily
included the outside reader in the conversation. Needless to say, they soared to
tremendous literary heights to catch up with formidable competitors who have been
publishing for nearly half a century.


However, aspiring authors and contributors in the future would do well to bear
in mind that any material critical of any state agency or organization cannot be
accepted for publication.

Meanwhile, we wish to express our appreciation to the authors, past and present,
for their splendid cooperation and understanding in this matter.

Donald Gussman
