---
id: "793"
title: "Rehabilitation & Good Time"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Better Citizens - The result of:

REHABILITATION
&
GOOD TIME

Recently one of the leading local newspapers
featured an article by Judge Curtis Bok of Common
Pleas Court, Philadelphia, in which he criticized the
outmoded system of sentencing men to the peniten-
tiaries in this State. In his newspaper feature he
outlined a sentencing system that was neither ex-
treme nor lenient, as he considered some of the other
systems in our country to be.

Judge Bok advocated a system based on the
present minimum and maximum sentence with the
difference that the minimum sentence not be rigid.
Included in this sentence would be good time and
incentive time.

With the program of rehabilitation as set up
in our penitentiaries, which includes some of the
most progressive features in penology, the present-
day system of sentencing a man conflict with what
penologists hope to accomplish with the inmates of
the penal institutions in our State. My assignment
for this issue had been to contact Judge Bok and find
out what support his system has and how widely
broadcast it was. Also, if anything definite has
been done to have this system introduced into our
legislature. However, at the time I received my
assignment it was brought to my attention that Judge
Bok was confined to the hospital.

After conducting an intensive and exclusive
type of interviewing among a large majority of the
men confined at “‘Cherry Hill’, I have quite logi-
cally advanced to the conclusion that everyone in-
terviewed is in complete agreement with Judge Bok
that some kind of system of receiving good time
on all sentences should be instituted throughout this
State. However, I must point out that the subject
of receiving good time also involves the affiliation
of rehabilitation. As I continue in this article I
will endeavor to emphasize how such a system of
good time would be beneficial to both society and
to prisoners.

To begin with, various judges and the vast
majority of society seem to be of the opinion that a
person convicted of a crime should be given the
maximum sentence as prescribed by law, if the news-
papers have given considerable adverse publicity to
that particular individual's case.

As an illustration of the present sentencing
system, let's assume that a person receives a sentence
of 10 to 20 years for the charge of Burglary. This
person is not eligible for a parole hearing until he has
served his complete MINIMUM sentence of 10 years.
The remaining 10 years, which is his MAXIMUM
sentence, is to be served on parole, providing that he
is granted parole at the expiration of his MINIMUM
sentence.

SYSTEM OF GOOD TIME

If a judge at the time of sentenciag a defendant
feels that that particular person should be dealt with
severely, he could, for instance, still give the defen-
dant a sentence of 10 to 20 years. But under the
good time system the prisoner would automatically
be interviewed for a parole hearing at 1/3 of his
MINIMUM sentence of 10 years, or 3 years and 4
months.

The prisoner would also, under the system
of good time, receive 10 days a month good time
from his entire 20 years sentence. However, when
the prisoner is interviewed for parole at 1/3 of his
MINIMUM sentence, it does not necessarily mean
that he would be granted an immediate farole.
There are many factors the Parole Board would have
to consider in his case. Such as, completely scrut-
inizing the prisoner’s institutional record of his ad-
justment and behavior; achievements in prison, and
various factors pertinent to rehabilitation. If, after
having served 1/3 of his minimum sentence of 10
years, a prisoner were refused parole, he would then
be eligible for a parole hearing every year thereafter,
until he had either proven himself rehabilitated, or
until he had served a total of 13 years and 4 months
of his entire sentence. If he had not lost any time
for violations of the Rules and Regulations of the
institution, then, upon having served 13 years and 4
months of his 10 to 20 years sentence, he would
automatically be released and his entire sentence
terminated, because the remaining 6 years and 8
months is the amount of good time he would receive
from his entire sentence.

When a prisoner is received at the penitentiary
he is placed in quarantine, and during the first two
or three weeks there he may quite frequently hear
the word rehabilitation. After curiously inquiring of
this particular subject, the prisoner learns that re-
habilitation consists of improving his mental outlook
in respect to terminating all further indulgence in
criminal activity; melioration of his social attitudes
and pattern of deportment; learning to accept and to
abide by the rules and regulations which govern
society and the institution in which he is confined;
improvement of his education and fulfillment of all
Religious obligations, etc.

The prisoner entered the institution with the im-
pression that he was sent there as punishment, and
being previously confronted with the various incon-
sistencies he begins to wonder if it is possible for him
to be punished and rehabilitated at the identical
time.

Now, after being equipped with the full know-
ledge of the ingredients of rehabilitation, its purposes
and how it is attained, let’s assume that this prisoner
develops a sincere desire to become rehabilitated so
that when he is eventually released, he will be able to
live a normal and respectable, law abiding life.

If, after having served six years of his minimum
sentence of 10 to 20 years, this prisoner has contin-
uously shown sincere evidence of complete rehabil-
itation, is society or this prisoner serving the pur-
poses of rehabilitation by his being kept incarcerated
until he has served those four remaining years of his
10 year MINIMUM sentence?

I am fully cognizant of the fact that the prisoner
has perpetrated a crime against society and must be
punished for doing so, but the gist is that, even
though this priscner did do wrong, he has repented,
has become completely rehabilitated and has served
6 years under conditions not conducive to mental
well-being.

By no means am I insinuating that the system
of good time be installed in this State for the sole
purpose of remuneration for rehabilitation. Al-
though technically it could be interpreted that way
in some degree. However, the main purpose for
such a suggestion is made with the thought of giving
a prisoner an opportunity for receiving an early pa-
role if he has shown sincere rehabilitation during his
confinement.

If society throws the “Book’’ at a person and
completely forgets about him during his immure-
ment, then how can society expect this forgotton
person to show respect towards them and abide by
their rules and regulations when he is eventually
released?

Remember, there are many men who need only
to spend a short period of time incarcerated in
prison before they become completely rehabilitated.
This fact has been proven many times. | must agree
of course, that there are many men in prison who will
never become rehabilitated. However, why make
the rehabilitated prisoners suffer because of the un-
rehabilitated ones?

By now, I imagine that there are many of you
wondering “how can anyone determine when a pris-
oner is completely rehabilitated?’ It is my belief
that psychologists, psychiatrists and others who have
studied human behavior all their lives, can determine
this quite accurately through such means as observing
the prisoner's social attitudes, daily conduct, ex-
pressed beliefs, expressed desires and daily habits,
etc. Therefore, if through such observance, a pris-
oner has shown evidence of complete rehabilitation,
then we must accept as a fact that he is rehabilitated
and grant him the opportunity of once more being
accepted by society.

Unfortunately, however, at the present time,
society seems to be primarily concerned only with
the thought and habit of sentencing the majority of
law-violators to as much time in a penitentiary as is
possible and forgetting about them. Whereas, so-
ciety should be making it its duty to see that pris-
oners have advantages available to them for being
released in a sufficient amount of time when they
have shown sincere evidence of complete rehabilita-
tion. Permitting a rehabilitated prisoner to be pa-
roled before his MINIMUM sentence has been com-
pleted, would be beneficial to him and to society in
his adjustment among them when he is released.

Society must be made to understand that it is
much easier to remold a prisoner in the community 
among people who will have a sincere desire in stim-
ulating him to do good, than could be done in a peni-
tentiary. A moderate term of immurement for an
offender who will have a careful and long parole
supervision when released, is much safer for society,
than if he were given and forced to serve a severely
long sentence, and then released.

If a prisoner is compelled to serve a severely
long sentence after becoming completely rehabilita-
ted, there are possibilities that the inmate may reap-
praise the inconsistencies of rehabilitation and maxi-
mum sentences and when he is released will enter
society with hatred, contempt and revenge, irrespec-
tive of the amount of parole he has remaining or the
consequences involved thereafter. There is nothing
more precarious than an ex-convict loose among so-
ciety possessing such feelings and intentions toward
society. Such attitudes of an ex-convict could be
eliminated considerably, if society would give more
consideration to a prisoner as an individual; permit
more flexibility in a MODERATE sentencing pro-
cedure and affliate punishment more closely with
rehabilitation. When such things as this are done,
the advancements in preventing the return of con-
victed parole violators will be exceptionally reward-
ing to everyone concerned.

It must be remembered that every judicial law
which deals with persons charged and convicted of
crime has a dual purpose. Namely, to protect the
community against such persons committing any fur-
ther criminal activity against them, and to try to re-
habilitate them to the fullest extent possible during
their confinement. If severe and improper practices
are used against a person in the legal process, con-
siderable harm will be committed in preventing the
ultimate possibilities of a person becoming rehabili-
tated while in prison. If a prisoner has such a severe
amount of time to serve that he cannot see any fu-
ture hope of release, then he has NO reason nor any
desire for rehabilitation.

If the courts and society are opposed to the re-
lease of a completely rehabilitated prisoner just be-
cause he had only served 6 years of a 10 to 20 year
sentence, then what is the purpose of urging rehabili-
tation to prisoners, especially if the prisoners are not
to receive any consideration for accepting it?

If we are going to have continual preaching on
the subject of rehabilitation, then let’s also have
SOMEONE do SOMETHING in obtaining a sentenc-
ing system which will permit the prisoners who ARE
rehabilitated to be RELEASED in a REASONABLE
amount of time.
