---
id: "794"
title: "Graduation Banquet"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Graduation
Banquet

“Most people agree that an education, no matter
how small, pays! Through education, job and em-
ployment opportunities are increased a thousand-
fold. The individual, be he EX-CON or never con-
victed, will always profit from, at least, a high school
education." These words were part and parcel of
the speeches given by Harry A. Snyder, PhD., Edu-
cation Specialist for the Bureau of Correction; Super-
intendent A. T. Rundle; and Mr. Paul Herold of the
Philadelphia Board of Education, at our Graduation
Ceremonies at this Institution.

Tuesday June 5th, 1962. Graduation ceremonies
were held in the officer's dining room to honor those
who have earned their pre-high school and high
school certificates.

Deputy Superintendent Joseph Brierly, Director
of Education Robert Burman, along with instructors
William Berg, Harry Gransback, and Roy Willing
were in attendance. Mr. Rundle and Mr. Robert
Burman, presented the certificates to the following:

Felix J. Capone
Donald F. McGinley
Harry B. Stocker
Samuel T. Goebert
John O’Lock
John E. Robbins
Rudy Dominguez
William H. Farmer
Daniel M. Brodhead

Ernest J. Bolognese
George Kotch, Jr.
Frank Matyasevic
Alfred R. Houx
John A. Leeds
Lawrence F. Rogozinski
Alfonso M. Fuglio
Cureton Jennings
Ernest Taylor
