---
id: "795"
title: "The Voice of Criminology"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Voice of
CRIMINOLOGY

A discussion of ways & means

On Monday, January 28, 1957, Professor Negley
K. Teeters, Criminologist, sat behind closed doors
with a group of inmates who comprise the staff of
the EASTERN ECHO. The main purpose of the
meeting was to discuss ways and means of lessening
the adverse publicity given to prisoners and ex-con-
victs by some member papers of the free press.

Sensing a slightly strained atmosphere, due per-
haps to the unusual and unprecedented nature of the
meeting, Dr. Teeters took the verbal initiative. His
evident sincerity, friendliness, and just-right inflec-
tions and asides soon dispelled the air of constraint
and kicked off a sizzling discussion that lasted about
three hours.

PRIME TARGET SEEN

ECHO had dedicated itself to improving prisoner-
public relations. Its staff knew, as do all the inmates
here, that an “unfavorable press’’ hampered any
movement to create a more realistic and fair picture
of the prisoner in the mind of the public. What to
do about the situation, however, waited upon the
suggestion of the professor.

TARGET’S TARGET EXPLAINED

Clarifying present editorial and public attitudes,
he pointed out: a man could be arrested without too
great a stigma being placed upon him. Even con-
victed and sent to a penitentiary, the stigma was not
too pronounced. Usually, only a man’s immediate
family and neighborhood were concerned. But once
released, or about to be released from prison as an
"ex-convict," the full burden is upon him.

“It’s not the criminal who frightens us. It’s the
ex-convict, and so the man trying to become an EX-
convict. Apparently, it is the time spent in prison
that creates our uneasiness. What Harry Barnes calls
the ‘convict bogey,' the professor explained. Why
this fear of the ex-con? "What else! The abnormal
atmosphere of the prison negates all the human at-
tributes of a man. Prison is the reverse of the out-
side situation. You see, we really do know what hap-
pens to a man who undergoes confinement. That
knowledge is often expressed in society's reaction to
his return.”

DIRECT CONTACT URGED

After discussion of this and other problems basic
to the situation, Dr. Teeters recommended direct
contact with the local newspapers. It was agreed that
the Editor of this magazine would write to the three
leading newspapers in this area, requesting an inter-
view for ECHO staff with their representatives. It
was further agreed that the only possible approach
to gaining a more favorable press’ was to explain
ECHO aims and request cooperation of the news-
papers in presenting and furthering them. Also to
be asked, specifically, was that they separate the in-
dividual from the labels “con’’ and “ex-con” in their
reporting, on the theory that the public could only
gain a true picture of prisoners by seeing them as
they exist, individually. Which, naturally, must re-
sult in the recognition that they are, after all, only
people... with problems. 

OTHER HIGHLIGHTS

Changing the conversation, Dr. Teeters observed
that present penal systems were as old-fashioned
Model T Fords fitted out with some new and modern
parts, but the new parts are not enough. Exploding
a current myth, he disclosed that the institution with
fine athletic facilities, good library, clean modern
appointments, with the accent on Instructors and the
teaching of trades... still may be a failure. Dr. Teet-
ers believes that the sports, libraries and trades are
all good things, but that they can be overdone. Good
in their own way, they can become mere ‘time-kill-
ers,' pleasant ways of doing time, but the personal,
individual problem of each inmate can be forgetten.
Surprising as it may be, most trades learned in pris-
ons are not used by the prisoners once they are re-
leased. A possible solution, the professor said, would
be to de-emphasize the Instructors of trades some-
what and put the money and time into experienced
Case Workers. It seems that most modern Psycholo-
gists, etc., believe that at some time during his in-
carceration an inmate reaches his highest potential
for rehabilitation, and that if released at this time
he would be the best risk to himself and to society at
large. If this “time passes, without his being re-
leased, the prisoner slowly deteriorates and becomes
a menace to himself and to society. Teeters con-
tended that a trained Case Worker is best suited to
help the man reach that high peak of awareness as
to the cause of his being in prison, and to weigh the
wispy intangibles and determine that “time’’ of high-
est return.

A Staff member asked the Professor what an in-
mate could do to help himself while in prison.
“Think! Think! Think!’ was the reply. ““And then
think some more. Ultimately ,you must solve your
own problem... from within. It is difficult to think,
and easy to alibi, but you must see past the alibi,
identify your problem, and solve it. Treatment staff
and facilities are here to serve you . . . but you must
see the need and you must have the drive to help
yourself and to be helped!”

Asked about the possibility of other meetings of
this type, Dr. Teeters offered to try to arrange meet-
ings between student criminologists and varied
groups of inmates. He feels that everyone would
profit. The professor said he would also try to set
up debates between university and inmate teams on
points of mutual interest... but first he would try to
arrange to have some debating experts help estab-
lish debating teams here. He would also look into
the possibilities of a class in journalism.

Speaking about the institution, Dr. Teeters com-
mented on the “‘relaxed’’ atmosphere. Of all the
maximum security prisons visited by him, this one
appeared to be the most relaxed. He stated that the
appointment of a Commissioner of Correction and
the creation within this institution of the Eastern Di-
agnostic Classification Center, with the modern re-
gime here, were big steps forward. Evincing his in-
terest in the historical aspects of this prison, he said
that he has been coming here for about 27 years and
that this was the first time he was allowed to talk to
the inmates themselves. Thus this meeting was a
minute of history on the historical clock of the insti-
tution. Seen against the backdrop of the old regime
. . . it would not have happened.

Perhaps the writer was unduly impressed by the
eye-opening meeting, but after years of seeing the
prisoners treated as political pawns, no-caste citizens,
and the targets of anyone with the need of an un-
answering target, it was refreshing indeed to talk
with someone from free society who could see the
prisoner's side as well as the public’s. The oddly—
illuminating ideas of the famed criminologist, his fac-
ulty of seeing beyond the usual, and his advanced
theories backed up with logic and vision, were like
a fresh breeze lifting a veil on the old theories that
have failed.
