---
id: "797"
title: "Introducing: the man behind the idea"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Introducing :
the man
behind
the idea

Tom had a problem. As he sat on a wooden bench
in the exercise yard of Eastern Correctional Institu-
tion, he mulled it over again and again in his mind.
After serving the minimum of a 5 to 10 year sen-
tence for Burglary, he had applied for parole. It had
been granted,—on condition. The condition? That
he obtain a sound parole plan—job, home and spon-
sor—before he could be released.

But the release date had come and gone. For de-
spite all his efforts, Tom had failed to formulate the
necessary parole plan. His contacts exhausted, he
needed a minor miracle. He was a typical “hold-
over."

But Tom did have a friend. Another inmate. And
his friend, Steve, chanced upon a four-page pamph-
let written by Joe Paull, entitled, “Let's Do Some-
thing About Holdovers.”

It was not the first time either inmate had heard of
Mr. Paull. Both had, in fact, ““seen him around the
institution.” But here was more than the figure of
the man, more than his tremendous word-of-mouth
reputation. Here was the man’s own statement of
his living concern.

As Tom eagerly scanned the pamphlet, he real-
ized a new hope had come into his life. Here was
another chance to formulate that vital parole plan.

That pamphlet which Tom read and based his
hope upon, reads in part:

“What is the cost of a mistake? or several mis-
takes? How long does one continue to pay the
price? A lifetime—perhaps? Those individuals eli-
gible for release from penal institutions quickly learn
the answer when they try to formulate a parole plan.

“Society is not quick to forgive and forget, un-
fortunately. This is the bitter lesson the pre-release
inmates are forced to review over and over when
seeking to complete a parole plan. They seek re-
demption—but all avenues are closed to them.
Home and sponsorship are denied them, just as is
gainful employment. Thus, they become a statistic
—a ‘holdover.’

“There is nothing novel about the ideas | shall ex-
press about two phases of parole work which | re-
gard as very important. No doubt my opinions have
been discussed many times before. Yet, from my
point of view, and those of penal adminsitrators,
these two responsibilities cannot be overemphasized.

“One is the reduction of ‘holdover’ cases or more
precisely, the releasing of eligible inmates on dates
set for their release.

"The other is the importance of getting public co-
operation to solve the ‘holdover’ problem.”

Concerning the importance of Job Security, Mr.
Paull had this to say:

“It is my belief that the strategic point at which
corrective influence can be mobilized to reverse the
direction of a man’s life, to sever his connections
with antisocial groups and restore him to society is
the point at which an inmate leaves prison and takes
his first job. If he flounders around in a shifting labor
field— with intervals of nonemployment in between
—he cannot so easily resist the ‘easy money’ of the
street corner. On the other hand, if he has a job
which assures him of a steady income and which af-
fords him the recognition that all of us need, respect
and trust, he will develop into the type of individual 
society can accept. Moreover, he will feel that he has
too much to lose by the lure of ‘easy money’ invita-
tions.”

Mr. Paull cites cases in which a secure job was the
prime factor in a man’s rehabilitation:

"... I call attention to the private institution, a
home for the aged (of which, Mr. Paull is Chairman
of the Board), which has seven (7) ex-convicts on
its payroll. Without exception, each of them are re-
spected and trusted employees. Even more, they
have proven to be the most dependable and con-
scientious workers. And, too, each one was a ‘hold-
over' case.

“One hundred percent rehabilitation by indivi-
duals whose records are as ‘long’ as the proverbial
arm! I could cite many similar records compiled by
ex-convicts employed in commercial houses, factor-
ies, garages, laundries, etc.’

Here we see the results brought about by gainful,
secure employment. But there is room for expan-
sion. Mr. Paull’s own words:

“There is a vital need to assist the many men who
are unable to formulate a parole plan and, thereby,
reduce the number of ‘holdover’ cases in State’s pe-
nal institutions.

‘‘How can that be accomplished? I am inclined
to hypothesize that an employment placement pro-
gram from within the various institutions may be the
solution to this problem. This, coupled with a vig-
orous campaign to awaken the public (particularly
potential employers) to the ‘holdover’ situation,
would be a step in the right direction. Penal authori-
ties cannot accomplish the task of rehabilitation
alone. They can help prepare a man for release, but
it takes the combined efforts of the general public to
complete the task of reformation—specific help such
as entailed in a sponsorship and employment pro-
gram, together with understanding and a sympathe-
aic attitude toward an inmate who is striving to be
reinstated to his former role of respected citizen.”

The idea, I’m sure you will agree, merits your con-
sideration and Tom will certainly second the notion.

The man behind the Idea? Let me tell you about
Mr. Joe Paull.

A bespectacled, 65-year-old meat market pro-
prietor, Joe Paull is no Johnny-Come-Lately in the
field of helping others. Mr. Paull first visited the
Institution in 1923, at the invitation of the late Al-
fred W. Fleisher (then Chairman of the Board of
Trustees). Mr. Fleisher met Joe during the course
of charity work Mr. Paull was doing at the Temple
Men’s Club and at the Eaglesville T. B. Sanatorium.

At Mr. Fleisher’s request, Joe Paull came to
Eastern and performed for the inmates his strong
man act which had earned him the title of “The Iron
King.’” When speaking of this visit, Joe Paull will
tell you, “I always thought that in order to get some-
thing out of life it is much more important to help
human beings than to just make money. Helping
gives a certain satisfaction that money cannot buy.

“Well here was I, donating my services as an ath-
lete, entertaining men in trouble. Trying to bring
into their lives a few moments of something a little
different from their everyday routine. But I realized
at once there were more important things than just
being an athlete. In my prison audience were men
who needed other types of help. I resolved to do all
I could to contact rehabilitated inmates and directly
aid them.”

And what a job he has done!

In this year alone, Mr. Paull has already helped
fourteen inmates formulate the parole plans needed
for their releases from Eastern. Former inmates now
working at various jobs and conducting themselves
so well, as countless others of his selection preceding
them, have given Joe Paull added courage to go
on in his work, following his well-known and fully at-
tested policy of:

“I help anybody. Religion, creed or color make
no difference to me.”

Throughout his work, Mr. Paull has had many
helpers. Looking over the list of those who aided
him we note:

The late Dr. Lynn Bowman, for many years Di-
rector of Morals here.

William Portner, Sweater Manufacturer, and his
friend Al Light, both of whom were doing similar
work before ever meeting Mr. Paull, but who gladly
cooperated with this man. Through them, Paul! was
taken into the B'nai B’rith, where he was immediate-
ly appointed Chairman of Social Service. Since then,
when seeking to aid others, Mr. Paull has received
all the assistance he needed, both financial and
moral, from the B'nai B'rith.

When legal problems arise, Mr. Paull always
could go to William M. Gerber, International Vice-
President of the B’nai B’rith, who gave freely of his
time and advice.

The list is long, and Mr. Paull smilingly remem-
bers that:

“I also had the honor to work with a man who
came into the prison quite often,—Siegrund Klein,
the father of Phillip Klein, publisher of the JEWISH
TIMES in Philadelphia.

“And I kept on meeting new people always
willing to assist me in helping others. When the ad-
ministrations changed at the prison, from time to
time, Warden Burke cooperated fully, as did Ward-
en Tees behind him. Tees was a personal friend of
mine for over thirty years. When Mr. Banmiller be-
came Warden, | must say that both he and Major
Joseph R. Brierley have been very kind and gener-
ous with their cooperation.

“You see, this is not a one man job. I was fortu-
nate enough to receive the help of all these people.”

In addition to his parole work, Mr. Paull visits
Eastern each Sunday. He never fails to inquire as to
the individual well-being of the prisoners he knows
and with whom he is working. On innumerable oc-
casions, he has left money for inmates cut of his own
pocket. A sick inmate friend can always count on a
visit from Paull during his stay in the hospital.

In yet another phase of his work, Mr. Paull pro-
vides the food for the Jewish Holidays—bringing it
in himself. Together with the other members of
B'nai B'rith, he attends the Holiday Services here in
the institution.

These efforts have not gone unnoticed by fellow
workers and other interested persons. On February
14, 1949 Joe Paull received The Shrine of Liberty
Man of the Month Award, “In recognition of his out-
standing services rendered his fellow man when in
need of assistance,” Furey Ellis, Chairman of the
Committee of Awards, affixed his signature to the
citation accompanying the gold medal.

Again, Robert H. Fleisher, son of Albert W., of
the Personal Aid Bureau of the Jewish Family Ser-
vice—of which Mr. Paull is also a member—ex-
pressed his opinion, and with the deepest sincerity,
that he considers Joe Paull to be America’s No. 1
professional amateur in this field of work.

During the Jewish Festival of Light, there is a cer-
emony which takes place in the homes. A candle is
lit and used to lend its light to the other Hanukkah
candles. Because of this, it is called “the servant
candle." So like Mr. Paull who, by deed, lights the
fire of compassion and understanding in others, so
that they, too, might help those of us who are in
need of assistance. Who by deed, brings the prob-
lems of the holdover into the light. Who by deed,
serves and continues to serve his fellow men in help-
ing them regain their place in free society by person-
ally supplying some of the prime necessities for re-
lease, a job, a home and a sponsor, thus, assuring
the releasee the self-respecting means by which a
man can fashion a decent life in freedom .. . for him-
self, and ultimately for society, also.
