---
id: "8"
title: "Nostalgia"
author: "Jerome, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
NOSTALGIA

by JOHN JEROME

Driving into New Orleans that rainy fall day
in 1948,—after reluctantly leaving their temporary
trailer home in the desert foothills of the Catalina
Mountain Range near Tucson, Arizona, just six days
before,—didn’t particularly impress him, except he
was tired from all the riding and sightseeing.

Yet, less than 12 hours later, having left the
“American” side of this city and having toured
aimlessly through the French Quarter, eaten shrimp
and creole gumbo in a little restaurant there, and sat
for a few minutes with Paula in a quiet patio off
Royal Street, he was negotiating with a real estate
agent for a three room apart-
ment deep in the heart of this
age-old and picturesque section.

What persuaded him to stop
and live any length of time here?
Knowing, too well, that to an-
chor roots any place meant ar-
rest.

Was it a combined charm,
tenderness, and a kind of quiet,
unobtrusive mastery which
strangely seemed to possess you
who delved into her somewhat
chaotic past and phantasies, . . .
not at all unusual with those
who know this "City That Care
Forgot?’’

Was it Saint Lows’ Cathe-
dral, the whisking habits of un-
assuming nuns filing in on a
balmy morning while you slowly
walked along the alley beside
this living landmark of Creole history?__And did the
Gregorian chanted Kyrie eleisons find you and linger
while you paused behind this basilical monument and
viewed the dueling grounds where so many young
hot-bloods discovered too late: victory 1s often hol-
low .... the spoils, frivolous and superficial? ____

Perhaps, could it be, the old apartment houses
flanking the Square radiated a portion of the hap-
piness which bound forever, so many years before —
two lovers? The wutialed ironwork balustrade giving
mute testimony of vows unbroken even unto this day.

Was it the Cabildo — its silence in the prison
courtyard shrouded deep in a mystery of the long-
escaped pirate, Jean Lafitte — echowng ‘Come back ?’’
And those rust covered Lafitte chests sitting in his
cell so haughtily, do they really know the secret of
that daring flight which ultimately marked a page
im history, w defeated British Lion in the Battle of
New Orleans? Only because a buccaneer solved a
chained prison door.

Was it Jackson Square wtself and the bronze
statue of General “Silver Spoon’’ Butler standing
guard on his charger? And did you think he be-
longed, this Northerner who robbed and plundered
proud Creole property and honor?

Or, by chance, the effect felt so vividly as you
sat atop a railing on Desire Street Wharf and wished
for more free tume? The huge
steamers’ whistles splitting the
aw as they sat at the wide
bend of the muddy, raging river
awating their individual calls
to berth. The world standing
still, and something happening
deep inside that made you feel
— different from what yeu had
ever felt before — content.

Did the Quadroon-Octoroon
Ballroom with those long green
shutters make alive - a might,
eons ago, you passed through im
a hazy dream that ended too
soon, and which you searched
for ever since?

Was it the Coffee House mur-
muring visions of yesterycars’
Carnival dignitaries, and was
that really a domino dancng
madly in the crowded streets
you saw through the steaming vapors of your cafe-
au-lart ?

Or, the evening you lay on the gallery floor fac-
ing Royal Street, thinking what took you so long to
discover this ... was that a sound of a chain dragging
over w floor from the Haunted House across the way,
or perhaps tt was only a sound of the crystal chan-
delier that tinkled wn the faint rwer breeze that came
im through the open gallery doors? Did this inter-
ruption accentuate the quietness not known in other
homes and other citres?

Was it Paula’s dancing eyes, as the floats passed
by, reflecting the complete gaiety of all the millions
of people marking a history of another unforgettable
Carnival?

Could anyone duplicate the pure excitement of
that child’s joyous cry as you held him high above
the crowds to see and salute Rex and Court as his
Majesty passed by in all of the splendor of accumu-
lated Carnwals?

Was it that little bar up the street that was fre-
quented by the Airline Personnel bragging of their
flights as you quietly sat and absorbed the rier
sounds humming in steadily over the music of the
juke-box?

Was it Shrove Tuesday you fervently prayed
would never end... and the mask and costume, true
subjects wore this day, would stay on and on — not
just till sundown, as the custom goes? But, then, being
a loyal subject of Rex, your mask did come off along
with the rest, promptly. And you cautiously fought
back the mist that suddenly clouded your vision.

Did you ever think that this particular moment—
Now—would seem so far away from the Sugar Bowl
Game on New Years Day? The game you missed
only because, well, 1 was New Years and the Officers
from that French Cruiser docked at the Wharf asked
a few questions about this city. The city that was
really yours now. How your head ached with the
hangover next morning, not helped either bu the
final score - your favorite team was defeated.

Didn’t he know this serenity would be shattered
someday if he stayed too long? Some April morning
it would end? . .. Why didn’t he look back as
they led him away?
