---
id: "80"
title: "Individual Therapy"
author: "HEINEMANN, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
INDIVIDUAL THERAPY
PART ONE

IT IS NORMAL for any prisoner to feel more or
less chary of the therapy program. For one thing,
the word ‘‘therapy’’ is a general term often misun-
derstood to specify ‘‘psychotherapy’’, which has to
do with the treatment and curing of mental diseases.
Actually, it could just as easily refer to post-opera-
tive, post-polio, or physiotherapy, depending upon
the circumstances.

To help clarify the atmosphere, psychologists at
Eastern will and do say ‘‘therapy’’ among them-
selves, for convenience sake, and ‘‘psychological
counselling’ elsewhere. The more exact expression
of the two is, of course, psychological counselling:
any therapy treatment is designed to heal—to cure
or to restore to normal use and/or function—but the
therapy program under the Director of Treatment
is NOT a psychotherapeutic one slanted at curing
mental disease or restoring lost minds. The targets
are emotional snarls and personality problems, the
treatment of which is properly ‘‘counselling’’. The
thought behind the program is a realistic one: this
prison, any prison, is populated not so much by crim-
inals as by emotionally unstable personalities who
might be only too happy to have done with crime as
an answer to their problems.

Still, be all this as it may, what prisoner would
accept without protest the suggestion that HH, a-
mong the many, requires therapy? that his person-
ality needs help? that he is or may be emotionally
‘ill’ in some way?

Perhaps a first reaction would be that of insult:
‘Who is anyone to call me sick. Look at this world,
at some of the so-called ‘‘well-balanced’’ citizens in —
it. Beside that mess and those messes, who can
single me out?”’

Perhaps, too, a man would feel, ‘‘How can I
trust anyone with my confidences? And particular-
ly in this individual routine which could become
pretty cozy. I’ve been hurt too many times not to
know enough to keep my troubles to myself.’’

Again, he would no doubt wonder if therapy
eould hurt his chances of making parole or commu-
tation. ‘‘I’ll be buried if it proves out that I am
really fouled-up.”’

Or, again, ‘‘I’m no kid. I don’t need to confide 
in anyone. I can solve my own problems by self-
examination. Psychological counselling for the
weakling, yes. But let the strong do as they have
always done—go it alone!’’

For myself, I reacted to the therapy program
with a mixture of all these thoughts, and more.
Especially was I convinced that with my aptitude
for putting the wrong foot forward that I, of all
people, would succeed in crucifying any possible
hope of release for myself. Which is not to mention
other suspicions which crossed my mind, such as
“Thought control! The last privacy of the prison-
er invaded by these nosey psychologists!’’ or the
classic protest which perhaps only another long-tim-
er could fully understand, ‘‘Why oh why, after hav-
ing served 15 years, do they come up with help NOW
—15 years too late!” The idea being that what
required so many long years of solitary effort might
have been resolved in but 1 or 2 with timely help.
And make no mistake. If the emotional disturbance
is deep-seated as well as complex, a man can spend
years working on his o wn, often tracking down
blind alleys and running off on time-consuming tan-
gents. The natural resentment is akin to what a
fellow would feel who had already cleared 950 acres
of a 1,000 acre plot of ground BY HAND before his
partner finally showed up with a bulldozer to ask,
‘‘Do you need any help?’’ The only logical answer
would seem to be, ‘‘If you will rephrase that ques-
tion, the answer is ‘Yes, I DID need help!’ ”’

Such was my own reaction that I found myself,
early in 1954, in an inner hassle with the whole idea
of the therapy program—not to single out the indi-
vidual phase where a man seemed to me/to be the
most vulnerable. I viewed it with suspicion and
resentment. In conversations with close friends I
low-rated the project.

Perhaps in these many misgivings I was just
being normal. It certainly seemed that to accept
therapy would be a dangerous piece of business.
Yet, only a year and a half later, I found myself fac-
ing a counsellor and requesting ‘‘an experimental
therapy session.’’ Individual, yet!

But what did finally take the edge off my former
frame of mind had to first stand up under a long and
careful examination and answer fully the questions
raised.

Robert Heinemann

* EDITOR’S NOTE:
A part of the new treatment program at E.S.P. has been psychological counselling, which includes both individual and
group therapy. In a short series of articles, of which this is the first to appear, the writer will examine the individual
phase of therapy. The thoughts and opinions expressed are his own.
