---
id: "800"
title: "An Introduction to Commutation"
author: 'Smith, James "Mike"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
An Introduction to Commutation

The Board of Pardons derives its authority direct-
ly from the set of fundamental principles by which
this Commonwealth is governed. Section 9 of Arti-
cle IV of the Pennsylvania Constitution of 1874 pro-
vides as follows:

"(He (the Governor) shall have power to remit fines
and forfeitures, to grant reprieves, commutations of sen-
tence and pardons, except in cases of impeachment;
but no pardon shall be granted, nor sentence commuted,
except upon recommendation in writing of the Lieu-
tenant Governor, Secretary of the Commonwealth, At-
torney General, and Secretary of Internal Affairs, or
any three of them, after full hearing, upon due public
notice and in open session, and such recommendation,
with the reasons therefor at length, shall be recorded
and filed in the office of the Secretary of the Common-
wealth.”

In general, the Board hears and makes recommen-
dations on applications of the following categories:
(1) petition for commutation of a death penalty to
life imprisonment; (2) petition for commutation of
minimum sentence to make the applicant eligible for
release after parole by the Board of Parole; (3) peti-
tion for commutation of a life sentence to make the
applicant eligible for parole by the Board of Parole;
(4) petition for commutation of maximum sentence
of applicants on parole at the present time; (5) peti-
tions for complete pardons by applicants not now
serving any sentence for purposes of clearing their
records.

The Board of Pardons very rarely actually re-
leases a man from prison. Favorable action on their
part only makes an inmate eligible for the further
action of the Board of Parole. The two boards are
completely separate administrative bodies having
vastly differing functions. This is an important dis-
tinction which is often unrecognized.

The Governor cannot grant pardons or commute
sentences without first receiving a favorable recom-
mendation from the Board of Pardons, but he is not
bound by their favorable recommendation, and may
reject the same and refuse to grant clemency to the
applicant. However, the Governor cannot grant
clemency in any case where the Board of Pardons
has made an unfavorable recommendation. In those
cases involving court sentences of less than two
years, the sentencing judge has the right to parole
the applicant on his own authority.

Although the commutation of capital cases draws
the most publicity because of the usually high public
interest, such action is comparatively rare when com-
pared to the more common “commutation of mini-
mum sentence." The use of a hypothetical situation
permits the most graphic method of explaining the
procedures involved in such commutation.

Let us say that John Doe was convicted of the
charge of Armed Robbery in 1954, and sentenced to
serve ten to twenty years in the state penitentiary.
This means that his minimum sentence is ten years,
and at the expiration of that time he will be eligible
to appear in front of the Parcle Board. Through
their action he may be released to serve the remain-
der of his twenty years on parole. This procedure
has no connection with the workings of the Board of
Pardons.

Since we are dealing with a hypothetical case, let
us give John Doe the benefit of a hypothetical part-
ner, Paul Jones. Paul Jones was tried under a differ-
ent judge, and after being found guilty of the charge
was sentenced to five to ten years. [The two sentences
were perhaps inequitable, but many instances of such
variance in sentencing procedure may be found in
the records of our courts.

This being 1960, Paul Jones was released on pa-
role upon the action of the Parole Board after serv-
ing his minimum of five years. John Doe, found
guilty of the same crime, still faces five years of im-
prisonment before becoming eligible for parole ac-
tion. Having during his previous years of confine-
ment taken advantage of all avenues open to him in-
sofar as rehabilitative efforts are concerned, and
feeling confident that he deserves some further con-
sideration in view of the individual facts of his case,
John Doe files for commutation of his ten year mini-
mum so that he may, like his partner, apply for pa-
role.

To do this he obtains from the Secretary of the
Board of Pardons a set of ten copies of the pre-
scribed form which he must use for his application.
A fee of two dollars must be paid for these forms.
His application is then filed with the Board with a
payment of a fifteen dollar filing fee which is not
refundable.

A copy of his application will be sent by the Board
of Pardons to the court and to the District Attorney
of the county from which the applicant was sen-
tenced; to the correctional institution in which the
applicant was or is confined in order to obtain ex-
pressions of opinion as to the merits of the applica-
tion; and to the Board of Parole for its investigation.

Thus, at the time of the hearing the Board should
have available to it the following information re-
garding the applicant:

“A. A summary of the investigation by an agent of
the Parole Board, made 4 to 8 weeks prior to the hear-
ing. This summary includes: (1) the parole plan with
the applicant’s home, job, and sponsor; (2) reputation
of the applicant; (3) comments of the judge and dis-
trict attorney on the merits of the application; (4) the
facts of the crime from notes of testimony; (5) any dis-
crepancies between what the applicant has stated in the
application and what appears from court testimony; (6)
the applicant’s prior criminal record, if any; (7) a list
of accomplices, sentences, places of confinement, if any.
“B. Commutation summary prepared by the staff of
the penitentiary where the applicant is confined. This
includes: (1) general information such as age, place of
birth, race, marital status, intelligence rating; (2) the
current case, such as term and number of indictment,
name of trial judge, date of sentence, effective date of
sentence, the sentence, and time served; (3) detainers,
if any; (4) previous arrests, previous convictions, pro-
bation and parole violations, if any; (5) the institution-
al report, including conduct report, vocational report,
educational, medical psychological and psychiatric re-
ports, money savings, a summary of the applicant’s
progress in the institution, the staff estimate of his
worthiness, his classification summary, the applicant’s
version of his crime compared to the official version, his
family background, the economic and social status of
his father and mother, the names and addresses of sib-
lings, their employment and marital status, the personal
history of the applicant (youth, school, illnesses, travel,
recreational interests, military history, employme.c his-
tory, religious affiliation), his mental rating, mechanical
tests, a general impression of his personality make-up
and sources of all the above information.

“C. Letters from trial judges, district attorneys, and
others. A copy of all letters of protest from relatives
of the victim or others interested in preventing the re-
lease of the applicant.

“D. Picture of the applicant.

“E. A confidential report from the prison staff regard-
ing the merits of the applicant.’’

In general, the application for commutation and
its contents is available to the Board of Pardons for
their study several days before the opening hearing.
The Board conducts hearings during ten months of
each year, and an application is generally acted upon
and presented to the Governor for his consideration
within two months after the hearing of the case.

All hearings are public and are held either in Har-
risburg at the State Capitol Building, in Philadelphia
at the State Office Building, or in Pittsburgh at the
City-County Building, except that upon due notice
hearings may be held in such other places as the
Board may designate. When John Doe's case is
heard, fifteen minutes will be allowed to his repre-
sentative (relative, friend, or attorney) to speak for
him in front of the Board members. In case he does
not have any such persons available to represent him,
the Director of Parole, after a personal interview
with the applicant, will speak for him at the hearing,
as well as present the facts of the case as taken from
the institutional summary.

The Board may also request any person, includ-
ing a present or former district attorney and any
official, to appear at the public hearing as a witness
in addition to other persons voluntarily arguing for
or against the prisoner's application.

Although fifteen minutes is allowed each side to
present their case for or against the application, in
practice it has been found that a layman or parole
officer arguing on behalf of the prisoner usually takes
about two or three minutes to present his case; a
minister or lawyer, or a district attorney opposing
the application uses approximately five minutes.

The Board has all public hearings transcribed and
filed with the Secretary of the Board of Pardons.
The transcript of the hearing is then open for inspec-
tion by the applicant or his representative and by
the public.

After the public hearing an executive session is
held during which the participating Board members
come to final decision regarding the recommendation
they shall make to the Governor. Three votes in fav-
or of an application for clemency are necessary be-
fore the Board can recommend favorable action by
the Governor. If such is recommended, it is accom-
panied by a statement of the Board's reasons for its
recommendation.

The Governor may approve or disapprove of the
Board’s favorable recommendation. When the notice
of his action is received by the Secretary of the Board
of Pardons, the Secretary makes public announce-
ment of the Board’s and Governor’s action as soon
as practicable. If the Governor approves of the
Board's favorable recommendation, John Doe re-
ceives a Warrant of Commutation with the Gov-
ernor’s signature and the Seal of the Commonwealth.
This ends his connections with the procedures of the
Board of Pardons, and he is now eligible to appear
in front of the Parole Board.

The Parole Board may or may not release John
Doe after due examination of his case. However,
usual practice has dictated that the Board of Parole
accept the rather thorough investigation and sub-
sequent recommendation of the Board of Pardons,
and that they release the man on parole.
