---
id: "801"
title: "Man and Commutation"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
I am less than a man because I am denied the right to function as a man.

MAN and Commutation

Heavily embossed within the pages of many dic-
tionaries is the word “COMMUTE”’ and its synon-
ymous counterpart, "COMMUTATION.” This word
hasn't any meaning for the greater proportion of
society except when presented—at times adversely,
and sometimes beneficially. The full meaning lies
not in the pages of a book, but in the hearts of those
who must feel the weight of its judgement.

The men in prison serving long sentences are a-
ware of the need for the duly elected Board that
comprises the complete function of Commutation.
There have been many opinions in the past, pro and
con, as to the real purpose of the Pardon Board of
this state. The adverse opinions have not always
been met favorably by those who are dependent up-
on its leniency. The reasons are all too obvious, for
this is the long-timer’s only ray of hope for freedom.
This hope has or is becoming a clouded light, unable
to penetrate the darkness of a disreputable environ-
ment. The main aspect of this statement is: ‘the
prisoner sees his years of rehabilitative efforts inun-
dated into nothing by the repeated cries of “Non
Freedom.”

For a number of years there have been attacks and
castrating remarks on the judicial system as a whole.
The intramural agencies and boards have been great-
ly affected by these oral arguments. Rightly so, in
the opinion of the aspiring political despots. Wrong-
ly so, in the views of the laws controlling their par-
ticular job. Commutations’s modern definition seems
to be, “Wholesale release of undesirables." This is a
fallacy and can only be corrected by the Pardon
Board’s adoption of the intended methods of evalu-
ating release, the analization not only of the length
of time served, but of the prisoner's rehabilitative
efforts, psychological reports, etc.

The men in prison are aware of the humanistic
emotions governing their lives. The persons who ex-
ercise these powers are just as subject to emotions
that can sway their sound and rightful judgements.
Yet, the long-timers can only hope, pray, and keep
on striving to prove ‘they are not the men today that
their crime labeled them to be yesterday.”

Throughout the penal world there are minorities
who truly do not warrant consideration on society's
part. All too often their recidivistic actions are felt
through condemnation of prisoners as a whole. Men
in prison striving mentally and physically to become
decent individuals see their hopes soar away. We
realize that one individual's actions should not be a
determining factor for all. Yet, this is not so, for the
notoriety heralded is an influencing aspect in veering
intelligent minds from logical reasoning.

In a society that advocates both rehabilitation and
lengthy minimum sentences, a commutation board is
an absolute necessity. Were it not for this fact, a
man with a minimum sentence exceeding his life span
would be in the position of building bridges in space
—the bridge in this instance representing an effort
to show society that men do change when given the
opportunity.

The majority of long termers wish to show that
they are trying to build the foundation for a new life
upon release. The Pardon Board is also aware of
this, but the public, in its ignorance of the facts, often
castigates the board. And in doing so, exhibits mor-
onic judgement. It is this same public who affirmed
the selection of the members, with a firm belief in
their integrity. These and many other derogatory
influences are instrumental in the impediment of
mercy and justice for the deserving individuals.

It has been said, and will be quoted by many
learned men throughout the United States, that “‘the
human animal can only be caged a certain length of
years, and past that point demoralization takes
over.

There are four stages of emotion which an incar-
cerated man experiences while doing time: five
years optimism; ten years’ hope; fifteen years’ passi-
vity; twenty years non-hope and despair. These are
not statistics nor a census report, but a knowledge of
my fellowman’s hopes, dreams, and despairs after
many years in an identical situation. These four la-
bels can be lengthened out to fill many novels with
idealistic hopes of the man in prison. It is quite use-
less to cite them here, as this article's main theme is
to elaborate briefly on the specialized subject of
“Man and Commutation.”

Modern Penology’s progressive theme has been
encouraging, but has not yet been fully understood
by most people. Penology’s main point is not ad-
vocation of crime, but more rehabilitative opportu-
nities. Coupled with this, is the treating of individ-
ual cases and men when evaluating release and
length of time to be served. The intellignt mind
knows that the old “rubberhose’’ method only
breeds a resentful and sullen personality. Modern
Penology does not wish to create a monster, but rath-
er to give incentive to the prisoner toward being a
decent citizen, respectful of the laws of man and
God. 
