---
id: "803"
title: "Above and Beyond the Call"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "17"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0019.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
above
and
beyond
the
call

Many lines of eulogy have written their way, across
the pages of ECHO in days gone by and these collo-
cations have been laudatory editorials on both in-
mates and Officials of this institution who deserved
the praise; and the old adage of the pen being
mightier than the sword is true in most cases, but
there is a man amongst us whose sword is mightier
than the pen of the most prominent author. This
writer refers to the Sword of Surgery, and the man
is none other than Dr. Armando F. Goracci, Chief
Surgeon here at the Philadelphia State Correctional
Institution.

He is not the type of man who soaks up commen- -
dations like a sponge and he may even be irritated
at finding his name in print because we are certain
that he does not advocate, solicit, nor approve of
any praise in connection with his work; for not long
ago he declined an offer from the editors of Life ma-
gazine who wanted to give him a spread on the pages

Doctor Goracci in Operating Room

of that nationally known and distributed journal.
Nevertheless, this subscription has him on the spot
and we hope that it doesn’t push him out of shape
to the extent that he will not be able to fit into his
Oldsmobile, which incidently has been in the prison
garage so often that if he ever parks it outside, it’s
an odds on favorite to drive itself “‘inside’’.

Most professions today are performed on stages
that are open to the public view, consequently the
performer commands the plaudits forthcoming from
their individual deeds and efforts. Not so in the case
of Dr. Goracci, who performs his duties behind
closed doors on a stage that is surrounded only by
his very capable staff of technicians, and it is for that
reason this article is edited.

We, the inmates of this institution, want him to
know that his presence has not gone unnoticed. On
the contrary, for there are many men walking around
today, both on the “inside’’ and the “outside” who
thank God for men such as Dr. Goracci, whose mas-
terful surgery has saved the lives of so many.

It matters not what time the call might come. Be
it a week day or a weekend, a holiday or the day he
had looked forward to for so long as the one day he
would spend with his family, we know that he will
get here as quickly to treat an inmate as he would if
he were on his way to treat a millionaire patient.

Many, many times this writer has over-heard con-
versations between inmates who happened to be dis-
cussing their operations and not once have I heard
anything but high praise and yes, even “‘awe’’ at
some of the miraculous recoveries made in several
of the cases that Dr. Goracci has performed surgery
on. In any and all cases, here is a man who gives his
all for the men “behind the wall".

There are many forms of tribute and usually the
elegant words always reach a climax with a flowing
surge of axiomatic phrases, which although they are
factual, can and often do embarrass the recipient.
With this in mind, we the inmates of this institution
wish only to extend our profound appreciation to
Dr. Goracci for his tireless effort and concern for us
in the past and for the comfortable feeling we have
in the knowledge that he is here, or will get here, to
perform surgery when it is necessary.

In passing review, when the final curtain comes
down on this scene we are all a part of, “‘our’’ sur-
geon, Dr. Armando F. Goracci, can take his place up
front with others who have performed their duties,

“ABOVE AND BEYOND THE CALL”
