---
id: "804"
title: "Chess Banquet"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0020.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Chess
Banquet

On April 20th, this year a banquet was held to
honor the members of the E. S. P. Chess Club for
outstanding performances in their particular classes.
After the traditional dinner was finished the group
was addressed by Superintendent A.T. Rundle, Dep-
uty Superintendent J. Brierly, and Director of Treat-
ment Thomas Graham, who all had words of praise
and encouragement for the players.

Awards and trophies were then presented to the
following players for their excellent play by Mr.
Brierly: Best C-Minor player, Charles A. Buonassasi;
best unrated player, George Stroy; best in C-Major
Joseph Antoniewicz; best player in B-Class, John J.
Walker; the best player of the Industrial League was
Harry Farrell; the reserve team’s best performer Al-
fred Hewitt; the championship team’s best player
awards went to William Hollowell and Thomas Will-
iams jointly; the third Brilliancy Prize player was
Thomas Goodfellow; second Brilliancy Prize went
to Thomas Williams; the first Brilliancy Prize went
to former champion, Thomas Brawner; second place
award in the championship tournament went to Jo-
seph Antoniewicz. Finally, the E. S. P. Champion-
ship Trophy went to the team captain and club di-
rector Martin Pearson, for posting the first picket
fence in the history of the club.

After trophies were awarded, all were honored to
hear from some players from the opposing outside
teams. These gentlemen also spoke with praise and
encouragement: Edward Strehle, President, Phila-
delphia Chess Association; Sam Gerson, Treasurer,
P.C. A. (and member of the Water Department
Team); Art Casselman, 2nd Vice President of the
P.C.A. (and member of the Franklin Mercantile
Chess Club); Alfred Saurez, Ist Vice President of
the P. C. A. (and member of the Marple-Newtown
Chess Club); David Sherman of the Franklin Chess
Club, Alex Agre of Franklin, Leland Quindry of
Greater Northeast Chess Club, Walt Fraser of La-
Salle College Chess Club, and Clarence Kalenian of
Germantown “Y” Chess Club.

Thanks for coming fellows and watch out for us
next year or we will take all the championships.
