---
id: "805"
title: "Spotlight on the Dental Laboratory"
author: "Stengle, Faber"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Spotlight on the
Dental
Laboratory

Another phase of Correctional Industries

by Faber Stengie

Comparatively few people are well acquainted
with the excellent provisions our Commonwealth has
made for providing denture work for men and wo-
men confined in our State institutions. It is the pur-
pose of this article to present information relative to
services which the Dental Laboratory provides.

The Laboratory serves men and women in
State Institutions. These Institutions all have a
Dental Clinic. The Doctors in these Clinics pre-
scribe the needs of each individual and send the
work to the Laboratory for processing. Full and
partial dentures in Acrylic (Plastic), and Chrome
Cobalt Castings are made.

The Supervisor of this Laboratory is a very well
qualified Dental Technician.

The department for this work is self-supporting.
It is not State subsidized as some may think. The
earnings of administrative and inmate employees,
light, heat, power, maintenance, repairs remodeling,
supplies and materials used, are all charged to the
Dental Laboratory's cost of operation. All expen-
ses are carefully analyzed and determined before
prices are established and approved by the Central
Office of Correctional Industries.

The selection and training of inmate personnel
is of utmost importance. These men must be select-
ed on ability as well as interest. There are many
phases involved in Dental-Technician-Training. At
least two years is required to train a man for any one
phase of it. At least five years of study, training
and experience are essential to meet the require-
ments completely.

Members of the Dental Laboratory Guild have
given a great amount of cooperation in placing qual-
ified men in commercial Dental Laboratories when
released. They show a willingness to employ men
who have been trained here.

The Dental Laboratory was established for the
purpose of training and rehabilitating men, as well as
for providing denture service for men and women in
State Institutions. 
