---
id: "806"
title: "Behold the Criminal... Man"
author: "JAMES, Sterling B."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
BEHOLD 
THE 
CRIMINAL
....MAN

In one hundred years of criminological ren-
derings, | know of no effort which has attempted to
understand the abstract question of crime from a
standpoint of that underlying “stuff’’ which con-
stitutes the mainsprings of all human striving. Call
it what you will—Self-preservation, the will to pow-
er, the will to subsist in one’s own being, or the will
simply to live—sooner or later the fact will have to
be grasped that only thinking based upon such fun-
damental concept shall ever produce any significant
advance in the area of crime.

A cool observer of the fact and fiction amassed
about crime and its cause should be able to see the
emergence of a single agent beside which almost
every other consideration wanes; namely Circum-
stance ;the imperative common denominator govern-
ing all human action. But in action relating to a set
of circumstances, considered in itself, has no name,
nor any significance in the sum total of universal val-
ues. However comfortably thinking habits may be
arranged around a name or label by which society
depicts this or that kind of action, it should not be
assumed, ipso facto, a “thing” has been correctly
identified, or a phenomenon accurately interpreted.
Society is still ignorant as to what part chemical and
what part volition flows through the action of men.
The labels it appends, therefore, since they are un-
scientific, are perforce, inappropriate. In any event.
earnest moralist and sociological academicians whose
chimerical endeavors may have led them away from
the facts of life, would do well to keep in mind the
equation: CIRCUMSTANCE plus the WILL TO
LIVE equals WHY men act as they do. The behav-
ior of man is incomprehensible without some such
formula as this to apply.

After a half million years of the same kind of
conduct, it should be abundantly clear that man is
governed primarily by natural law as certain and as
immutable as the laws in accordance with which all
physical bodies behave. To attempt to change that
phenomenon by which every particle of matter in the
universe tends toward every other particle. Ob-
viously, the current, so called “clinical’’ remedy to
the problem of crime is practically useless since it
cannot treat or alter a quality which is the undistin-
guishable essence of man’s nature—THE WILL TO
LIVE. The endless scrutinizing of that transparent
layer which is his personality serves no purpose other
than to provide an agreeable means of svending
eight hours for men who can find no more realistic
occupation for themselves in this area. The results
of a discourse between Man “A” who possesses a
smattering of ignorance about himself and man ‘‘B”’
who is more ignorant about himself than man ‘‘A”’ is
bound to be, if not downright ludicrous, bizarre and
out of touch with the square business of crime. In-
deed, what are all these attitudes and personalities in
the cosmological scheme of things—shadows. . . . 
hueless images of a compelling sukstance at the very
bottom of all human action, relentlessly discharging
itself, oblivious of the social implications of its con-
duct. Man behaves not as he would like necessar-
ily, but as he does. But the criminal is not a being
apart. He is every man. He is YOU. There
should be no turning away from this truth. To know
man is to know the criminal. It is hypocritical de-
ception to think otherwise in view of the complete
lack of evidence to support any notion that he differs
a single mote from law-abiding citizenry.

If a man is eternally committed to the practice
of predacity in one form or another to achieve some
measure of gratification for the infinitely complex
variety of desires which assail him, is it the destiny
of society to inevitably yield to so vicious a law?
Yes. This is the nature of things. But to submit
is not to abandon the cause. Through the ages the
human animal has shaped and reshaped his environ-
ment so as to allow more freedom and greater op-
portunities to discharge his feral urges in manners
beneficial to communal! interest. Unsocial conditions
foster unsocial behavior. Clearly, in proportion to
the extent of imagination men display in raising the
material circumstances of every single human being,
in every nook and crevice of society; in altering the
conditions of his envircnment so as to bring unsocial
conditions to an irreducible minimum; in modifying
those moral sanctions which attempt to restrict the
healthy instincts of man—just in that proportion
will he reap the harvest of decrement in that mode of
behavior he cannot now but regard as criminal.

Despite the phenomenal progress made in the
realm of physical science, man remains appallingly
barbaric in knowledge about himself. He rewards
this action and punishes that. He praises another
and denounces still others. And this is the measure
of his ignorance of the operative forces which impel
him. Perhaps many more hundreds of years will
have to unfold before man becomes sufficiently
scientific to waive sacrosanct precepts of morality
and turn away from what he cannot ever hope to
alter, and concentrate his efforts upon those things
that lie within his powers to change—his environ-
ment. Until the challenge, posed by the knowledge
of what man really is, fires his imagination sufficien-
tly, man cannot feel the need for the dynamic
changes in the economic and social structure of his
environment so necessary for what is commonly re-
ferred to as a "healthy society.’’ But it is a harsh
truth that where there are socio-economic imbalances
as exist in our society, and where men are without the
necessary tools or opportunities to provide for them-
selves adequately within the social orbit, there is no
limit to the effort they will make to secure what they
regard as necessary to their subsistance outside of it.
Again in a society such as ours, where countless net-
works of moral structures limit the flow of healthy in-
stincts, there is no end to the distortions or a limit to
the violence the human animal will display to assert
its power simply take. Think on it!

Meanwhile, crime continues unabated, and
those festering, poverty ridden, down-trodden areas
which pock-mark the face of society remain untouch-
ed by human hands, to spawn another generation of
criminals and to provide stomping grounds for the
present crop.
