---
id: "808"
title: "I Walk in Danger !!!!"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
I WALK IN DANGER

The Saga of a Prison Disc Jockey

by Francis Murphy

Most of the nations penal institutions have an in-
side hook-up for radio programs that originate in
the prison. These programs are directed at and
are intended for (excuse the expression) enjoyment
by the prison population. Each weekly program
has an inmate, laughingly referred to as a “D J” or
Disc Jockey, and I mean laughingly among other
things. The program is not heard beyond the area
of the 40 foot walls that protect us from out-side
invasion. As my old Arabian Mother use to say,
"Praised be to good Saint Patrick fer that.,,

I walk in danger, for I am a prison Disc Jockey.
Seated here in the partial safety of my cell (way
back in the corner, of course, you know they throw
things at me) I’m taking this opportunity to acquaint
the general public to the little known dangers and
hazards of broadcasting to a captive audience. An
audience composed of many types, psychiatric, para-
noic, some with dandruff, pink toothbrush and hang-
nails. Types that do not exist elsewhere and types
that haven’t been fully developed into a definite
type.

Do you follow me? . . . I hope that you do . . . . . 
for I'm lost, . . . . . . you see I'm that type, . . . . . . 
. . . . . always lost.

Yes, I walk a dangerous road. Outside Disc
Jockeys can take off when their listeners rebel... ..
Inside Disc Jockeys cannot take off, and inside
listeners are rebelious all the time.

Let us assume we are beginning a broadcast,
shall we? ....I am seated, the microphone is at
the ready position, a library of records is close at
hand, the doors and windows are double checked
and securely fastened, just to discourage a few mal-
contents. We are now ready to transmit our selec-
tions of the various recordings out over the air waves
into all the little and not so little shell-like ears that
are wiggleing in anticipation in the cells that sur-
round us.

When we begin we are certain of the frame of
mind of our captive audience, they all have one thing
in common, they want to go home and to h...... with
everything and prison Disc Jockeys in particular.

With that thought in mind we pull our starting
switch and say “Hello Anybody”.

The following is a listing of the various types of
listeners

ROARING 20’s CHARLIE

This guy is forever writing notes to you requesting
records that have been obsolete for 24 years, like,
Stanislaus Kornikovich and his magic glockenspiel
playing “They couldn’t SHOOT him off his horse,
so they CUT him off at the pass’, he wants it played
in D major too. I tried but couldn't find this record-
ing, but discovered later that Stanislaus Kornikovich
and his Magic Glockenspiel with fife, drums and
bugle background music, was real big back in 1916
in Karls Tavern, 311 Willhemstrasse, Kiel, Germany.
So what happens now that I didn’t play his requests?

". . . Ya Sabastian.”

.. Well the next time this guy sees me, he starts
mumbling and all you can hear is ... peasant and
something that sounds like “‘ya sabastian...." So
you duck your head in embarrassment and move
on.... just in time too, for I heard him clearing his
throat. See what I mean about dangerous?

THE COMMON OR HOUSEHOLD VARIETY

As we say in the trade this guy is the semi-violent
type, he sends 45 or 50 requests for every program
and if you fail to mention his name in connection
with each request his re-actions are semi-violent,
by that I mean, the Disc Jockey can come no closer
to a belt in the puss, in fact, I’d rather have the belt
in the puss then to go around scared to death wait-
ing for it.

When this type sees you, he usually remarks,
“Whattsa matta big shot, you don’t like me maybe,
if I see ya in the yard, I'll tear you apart ya bum”. . .
Usually I just run away when this happens, but if a
guard is near by, I sneer at him, not the guard, the
Clyde that’s beefing.

This is a situation that emanates danger in the
highest degree to a prison Disc Jockey. When this
type meets the D.J. he just stares and stares at you
and you can plainly hear the deep rumblings coming
from his enormous chest. This is also an unnerving
predicament that leads to tics and twitches in Disc
Jockey’s faces, in fact they don’t call me blinkie for
nothing you know.

"... I sneer at the Clyde.”

Naturally, when you are spinning your platters,
you try for a little humor in beween records, like
that last record was by Joe Banana and his bunch.
They slip out like that some times. Now I ask you
do you know the risks involved saying things like
that to my type of listener?

600 closely guarded, confined men, confined for
long years, some just refused parole, denied clem-
ency, divorced, girl friends cheating, men over
flowing with the bitterness and frustration of close
confinement and all in an area of a 9x12 cell.....
and YOU cracking jokes to guys like that? .......
You say that isn’t dangerous?

Now in all fairness get a minds eye view of a 6 foot
2 inch, 200 pound inmate with a 3rd grade education
lying in his cell for 12 years (A parole violater, they
brought him back for singing too loud in church) do
you in all honesty think he’s lying there laughing at
a Disc Jockey’s jokes and wise cracks, can you see
him bent over laughing? .... No. I see him gripping
the bars and mouthing obscenities at everyone and
Disc Jockey’s in particular....See what I mean
about that dangerous road I mentioned?

THE INTELLECTUAL TYPE — Series 00-1/8

There is this intellectual type of inmate we invite
for a guest shot on the program. This man has 3 de-
grees from well known seats of learning, is very well
read, far, far, above the average, 150 I.Q., his
diction is faultless, his delivery is perfect, the tonal
quality of his voice is the envy of professional
announcers, plus the fact that he is a recognized
authority on Atomic Energy, nuclear fission, and if
there are Burma Shave Signs on Mars! So I study
like mad on several subjects in his field, and invite
him to be a guest on my program. When he accepts,
I am over-joyed and I tell all my friends to be sure
to listen . . . . . . So what happens? . . . . . I open the
program in anticipation of a waterfall of interesting
facts and real intellectual conversation.

“What would you like to discuss, Mr. Flannery’’ ?

I say to him “What would you like to discuss Mr.
Flannery?" . . . . . He arranges his notes, runs a
hand through his thinning hair, stares off into the
distance, and says, “I was just wondering what
happens to all the guys who are nick-named Red,
when they are old and baldheaded ?”

My listeners were also waiting in anticipation, but the
guards quieted them down after a while.

Later on he wanted to know if I knew, why there
are 300 John Smiths in the telephone directory and
not one single Pocohontos — gees, I didn’t know.

UNREFINED PRESSURE GROUPS 1929 STYLE

As to be expected in a place of this kind, there are
the pressure groups. The Disc Jockey will be taking
advantage of his exercise period by some brisk walk-
ing, when a weazel looking guy will detach himself
from a group of other inmates... .(locally known
as Dirty Mikes Mob) this weazel will walk along
side of you, shift his Bull Durham cigarette to the
corner of his mouth, and say, “hey crud, Dirty Mike
says you should play Mack the Knife three times
tonight or else he'll take your Victorola away from
you".

“. . . Dirty Mike says, Play Mack the Knife, or else!!

I usually smile and say, “Oh yes sir, it will be a
pleasure". Actually it ain’t a pleasure, I hate Dirty
Mike. . . . . but as you know, I'm yellow.

On another occasion Big Dutch sidled up to me
in the mess hall and said, “you the D. J. Mac”
“Yes I am’’ I replied... “Where do you get your
records Mac?” he asked, all the while he was stuff-
ing a wet piece of bread in my shirt pocket, “Why,
I get my records most everywhere", I informed him.
“Well Mac" he said, “from now on your getting
them from me....see?’’ He walked away mumbl-
ing something about Elliot Ness. I heard later on
that they transferred him to the State Laughing
Academy . . . . . I'm glad too.

THE DEBBIE OR 4F TYPE

Then there is the meek type, or if you will “Deb-
bie-4-F. It will hang around for hours just steeling
his nerves and getting himself prepared to approach
you with a request....for records, of course. His
face glistening with nervous perspiration, hands
clenched into tight little fists, a fierce determined
look in his eyes. He'll take 5 or 6 fast little mincing
steps toward you, stop suddenly in front of you,
scaring you half to death, you never know who's
out to get you remember. In a voice barely audible
he'll say, “Will you play Lammy Rove me True...
Oh, excuse me, I mean, Tammy Love Me True"...
This type of nervous afflection is highly contagious,
and I usually find myself saying, “Shy wure’’ I mean
"Why sure" . . . . . . . He smiles his thanks, starts
skipping away, and waves his handbag bye-bye at
me, and returns to the sewing class that he had just
left.

He approached me cautiously.

Yes, it’s a shame, nobody liked him, in fact there
is a rumor around that his mother was arrested for
trying to erase her name from his birth certificate.

THE ESPIRT DE CORPS AMONG US 4 DJ's

There is, of course, a spirit of great friendliness
among our 4 Disc Jockeys, just one big happy family
Pace: On one occasion I lost 3 fingers just because
I reached for an Elvis Presley record that one of my
friends had his eye on. Another time | barely hinted
that my program was a little better than a certain
other program. That night on returning to my cell
I find a note which read, “You got 24 hours to get
out of town bum’’. It was signed by the Pennsylvania
Railroad, but we know who sent it, don’t we?....

The next day it took 9 husky guards to break us up,
but I did recover 2 of my missing three fingers, (at
least I think their mine)—plus 3 thumbs........
I keep the thumbs in a jar, they come in handy....
I read a lot, you see.

THE END
OR
BEING A “D J’? HASN’T AFFECTED ME

I cannot remember how I became a prison Disc
Jockey, of course I realize I only took the job to be
able to hear my favorite records. I recall Mother
was frightened by a broken record when I was a
baby, but I don’t think that had any connection
with me being a Disc Jockey, because it never
affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me,
affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me,
affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me, affected
affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me, affected
affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me,
affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me, affected me,
