---
id: "81"
title: "1946--1956"
author: "Culp, Jerry D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Beginning—

You enter scared, bitter, dejected. Your mind can see only an
endless vista of years ahead. In your cold new cell you lie quietly
in the dark. You think of your loved one and your life together—
the happy moments you had before you so completely fouled every-
thing up. Tears of self-pity silently slide to your pillow. The
guaid’s flashlight briefly shines in on you—you are asleep.

Time drags its weary feet slowly through each day and night.
She is almost constantly, frantically in your thoughts. Jealous imag-
inings claw dirty scratches across your soul. A trolley rumbles
past outside the walls at night, the faint shout of children at play, the
tar-away whstle of a freight; a sense of utter despair overwhelms
you, there is nothing but grayness ahead. You see that fate is not
through with you yet. She cannot continue to take the mental
strain ofthe long wait and is leaving you. Again you are swamped
with self-pity. [very man’s hand seems to be against you. You
consider escape into death—and slowly turn away.

The Middle—

In your eyes now, time has lost some of its more frightening
qualities. You have acquired new interests. You train your hands
in new skills, your mind is opening new doors of knowledge and un-
derstanding. Certain people have become interested in you and of-
fer you help and hope. Laughter comes easily. Repeated refusals
from the Commutation Board can only bend and not crush you.
Maturity is stirring in you. You carefully examine your past way
of life and study it in hopes of finding the key to your criminality.
In your musings about her you begin to get a fuller understanding
of the real hurt you caused—the confusion, loneliness, and hopeless-
ness in the one person whose love only asked yours in return. You
now stand at the threshold of maturity. The idea of your committ-
ing any more crimes is ludicrous to you. Your thoughts ate on the
subject of a quiet, decent life—knowing that therein, for you, lies
the security so long sought.

The Ending—

You begin to grow tense—sleep is slow in coming. You are
nearing the end of your sentence. Freedom stands high and bright
above *the horizon. She comes to see you. Your nervousness
grows apace—with difficulty you hold your emotions in check.
Looking deep into her eyes you can see some of the old pure love.
You smile gently at each other and know. You go back to your cell
with a new sense of completeness filling out your soul. You begin
to realize that she is what has been missing from your plans.
Somehow they now seem more complete and more worth carrying
out. You are ready for life—the real life.

The guard comes and lets you out of your cell. You dress in
unfamiliar civvies with shaking hands. When you are ready to go,
you stop for a long moment to gaze down the rows of mute cells—
and remember.

At last you step out of the gate. She comes hurrying toward you,
you fo'd her deep in your arms—behind you Jooms the steel gate
and the high stone walls—you look down into her upturned eyes,
smi‘e, and stand tall in the sun.

— Jerry D. Culp
