---
id: "810"
title: "Music... Fills the Air"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0028.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
MUSIC......
fills the air

An extra-curricular activ-
ity is once again in pro-
cess with the reorganization of the Con-
cert Band and 
Dance Or-
chestra

The following paragraphs may be of some
value to those of you who are musically interested, or
who wish to receive a musical foundation, or to fur-
ther their musical education. Because of space prob-
lems, this article will represent just a brief outline of
the ever increasing activities of the Concert Band.
We therefore encourage those who are musically in-
terested to see "Jack" the Band Room clerk on 7th
Block for further details. The “Echo” staff has
plans for a more elaborate and informative article on
the Concert Band in a future issue of the ‘‘Echo”

The institution's musical program has taken
a giant stride forward with the acquisition of Mr.
Giacinto Vizoco as Musical Director and Concert
Master. I believe a profile here would be of interest.

Mr. Giacinto Vizoco is a graduate of a Con-
servatory of Music in his native Italy and has an in-
teresting and extensive background of world travel,
including a teaching position in Africa. Since mak-
ing Philadelphia his home, he now conducts several
times a week in the various parks and concert halls
throughout the city, state, and surrounding territories.
A very amiable gentleman, who has shown a pro-
ficiency as a thoroughly qualified and adept teacher.
He is basically a Trombonist and Cornetist, but
devotes his time now to conducting.

As this issue of the ‘‘Echo”’ goes to press, Mr.
Vizoco is limited to twice weekly visits, Monday and
Tuesday evenings. For those of us who are music-
ally interested, we are hoping it will soon be a steady
every-day proposition.

The “Dance Orchestra” is in bloom again
after a barrenness of more than three years. The
selections we are playing can possibly be likened to
the pallid ghosts of yester-year, but we are not too
concerned or preoccupied with the vintage or age of
the selections we attempt, for in the laws of tonality,
the most musical and the least musical will find a
common ground of interest, and we are trying to
present them in a way that will give the greatest pos-
sible listening pleasure. Who can deny the pleas-
ures of recalling and having a sentimental reunion
with such nostalgic memory tunes as: Deep Purple,
So Rare, My Blue Heaven, Autumn Leaves and the
unforgetable Stella By Starlight. To be sure, there
is no denying that the old familiar tunes have a sen-
timental value for many of us, they are a prototype
of our times. It is not an easy task to play what is
musically acceptable to all; there are grains of great-
ness in some of the old familiar standards, and this
alone would constitute a sowing which promises a
rich and ear-pleasing harvest. We also have a few
modern arrangements of light and tasty Jazz, and an
original composition or two, such as “Along Came
May, penned so beautifully by Freddie Adams.

There is much noticeable enthusiasm among
the musicians, and the population has not remained
indifferent to this musical endeavor. Many have
expressed their pleasure at our Saturday and Sunday
“Yard Sessions,’ although we are at present a little
handicapped by the necessity of both practicing and
playing at the same time, in the same area.

It would seem almost impossible to play the
old standards with the effectiveness and spirit that
this group is now doing. The full development of
the melodies reveal themselves as dependent upon
the individual skills of the musician and the instru-
ments used. The chief ingredients are there, dy-
namics, rhythm and tone.

With the forming of the orchestra, talents
have been awakened that otherwise would be going
to waste. There is no specialization of the individ-
ual, it is entirely a group effort. These past few
months have seen the group moulded into a close-
knit, cohesive and well diciplined independent or-
ganization.

It is the sincere desire of the entire group,
that the institution officials will incorporate our group
into the institution's Concert Band, but let it remain
under inmate leadership, as it has been from its in-
ception; with the privilege of practicing and playing
in the auditorium.

All in all, I believe we are in fairly good shape,
musically for some winter-time inmate talent shows.
Our roving, rotund, roly-poly Marty Lees is chomp-
ing at the bit to get a microphone in front of him, to
give out with some A-1| soft-shoe, songs and pro-
fessional Master of Cermonies patter.

The following is a brief profile on the mem-
bers of the band. NOTE: 13 men of
the 16 in the dance orchestra are members of the
institution Concert Band.

The Trumpet Section:

Dom. Valentino, 1st Trumpet. Our genial auto
mechanic, employed in the garage. A passionate
sincerity in increasing the quality of his already full
and beautiful tone. No stranger to outside combos.
A Baritone Horn player in the Concert Band.

Tom. White, 2nd Trumpet Probably transferred
by publication time of this magazine. We will miss
him in the number two chair, as will his co-workers in
the shipping room of the Print Shop. His playing
and punctuality at all playing and practice sessions
are just the normal attributes that is typical of all
members of the band.

Jack Leeds, 3rd Trumpet A Print Shop Employee.
Physically and mentally, Jack is growing more and
more patient and tolerant with his music. A com-
petent performer who is showing fine progress. He
is also a member of the Concert Band.

Saxophone Section:

Nathanial Dupree, 1st Alto. A Print Shop Em-
ployee. An effective performer with an earthy and
emotional style. An asset to any group. Also a
Concert Band Member.

Leo Tillman, 2nd Tenor: An experienced and ex-
pert Plasterer and Bricklayer. Probably by “Echo”
publication time, Leo will be long gone from this ex-
tended gig. The entire band will miss his changing
and leaping rhythms. His playing had an exuber-
ant effect upon the group. Mr. Artistic Expression,
himself. Good luck Leo and hope you score big
musically. The talent is there.

Tom McAndrew, 3rd Alto: A Print Shop Employee.
One of the old school type of player, his quiet and
unassuming manner of playing gives that needed
touch in the competent performance of any tune. A
punctual and dependent musician. A Concert Band
member.

Frederick Adams, 4th Tenor: A Print Shop Em-
ployee. 132 pounds of musicial controversy.
Included in Fred’s musicial manifestations are his
many arrangements for our |6 piece group, his un-
canny knack of causing irresistable fasination in
watching him play difficult passages — without a
single tooth in his head, and play these demanding
routines brilliantly and effectively. He also plays
Clarinet in the Concert Band — Still without teeth.

Al LaRue, Baritone: A Parole Office employee.
A fine and professional type musician who can stim-
ulate any group into greater effort. A very pro-
ficient reader, and quick to impart his musicial know-
how to others when called upon. A member of the
institution’s Concert Band.

Thomas Connors (Big Six), Baritone: The physical
and temperamental attributes of a fine musician. No
one can mistake the “honking” of that big baritone
when Six is pushing. An invaluable asset to any
band with his willingness to double on alto when the
occasion demands. A member of the Concert Band.

Jail Trombone Section:

Henry Upshur, 1st Trombone: A Trustee.
For Henry there is no such thing as a mental ease or
physical relaxation in the demanding routine of play-
ing his Trombone. His capacity for work is unlimit-
ed, and those mellow tones coming from “Henry’s
Bone" are well worth the listening effort. He is
also a member of the Concert Band.

Harry Farrell, 1st Trombone: Deputy’s Clerk.
Ain't nuttin worse than a trombone player with an
asthmatic condition. A fine musician who is one of
the original group, but who has been fighting the
humidity and asthma and its effects on the trombone.

Also a Concert Band Member.
Melvin McFall, 2nd Trombone: A Commissary Em-
ployee, who gives out with the ‘goodies’ every week
at the window, and on weekends, he gives out with
the smears, glisses and accents on the “bone.’’ Glad
you're swinging with us Mel.

Julius Mercer, 3rd Trombone: A Dental Lab Em-
ployee. Big Jule, digging in and progressing with
the greatest energy and causing much complemen-
tary comment. He's coming, and smiling all the
way. A Concert Band Member.

Rhythm Section:

Cleve Brown, Bass: Cafeteria Employee.
The most physically relaxed, the quietest and most
amiable fellow in the group. A darn nice guy who
plucks the “L”’ out of that Viol, and musically cor-
rect, too.

"Fats" Robertson, Guitar: A Print Shop Employee.
Lawrence Welk couldn’t possibly use him, Fats is
strictly “West Coast’’ and is a terriffic symbol of the
cool, airy style that was developed there. Can play
any style, but prefers the more modern arrange-
ments. Dosen’t see eye to eye on the use of “Cow
Bells" by the drummer.

John “Snooks” Jackson, Guitar: A Print Shop Em-
ployee. Snooks is at present under the wing of Fats
Robertson—sitting in at every session and playing
along, while paying close attention to the finger ma-
nipulations and chord changes of Fats. Snooks will
be there and ready, if Fats is ever hit by a trolley or
bus while he is waiting for parole.

Frank Murphy, Drummer: A Print Shop Employee
An "old school" drummer from the Dixie era. He
is the oldest member in years and is looked upon by
“the boys" as the father of the group. Frank is a
hard swinger, driving the band constantly; can be
subtle on ballads when necessary and will “drop
bombs’ with the best of them. His big cymbal
work behind the soloist’s is exceptionally tasty. Be-
sides his drumming chores, Frank is Business Man-
ager of the band, taking care of the many require-
ments necessary for the smooth operation of a large
dance orchestra. He is also Concert Band Drummer.

Socrates Cantoral, Drums: Dental Lab Employee.
A beginner with all the necessary basic equipment,
who has a fine sense of rhythm, quick to learn the
various stick manipulations and young enough to de-
velop into a fine drummer. Never misses a session
and is always ready to take instruction. A comer-—
real soon. Also plays Bass Drum in the Concert
Band.

Leon Cross, Vocals and Bongos: Cafeteria Em-
ployee. Leon has the smooth easy delivery of the
vocals that make for easy listening, plus a vital and
invigorating command of the bongos, a brilliant
rhythmic sense and an infallable ear.. Excellent
addition to our rhythm section for specialty numbers.

Preston E. Seals, Prop Man: Dental Lab Em-
ployee. Where would we be without ‘‘Press’’ First
on the scene, setting up for everyone, and the very
last to leave after putting the equipment away.
Always a smile or a suggestion to make it easier for
someone, and above all, ever ready to lend a hand
wherever needed. Our number one fan and a friend
to every band member, and every band member is
his friend.

Joe Fatio, Leader and Trumpet: A Print Shop Em-
ployee. Joe has brought his outside experience into
our group, he has added a dash of exuberance, and
coupled it with his fertile personality and artistic in-
tuition and come up with the attributes that en-
ables him to produce a product that is pleasing to a
critical audience, as well as as to most of the mu-
sicians. He has taken the charts with measure by
measure supervision until the instrumentation is as
close to being mathematically precise and metro-
nomically exact as he can make it with the material
at hand. He is a master of the conventional ap-
proach to the |6 individual temperaments he has to
control. He administers his advice in a firm and
friendly way, and his demands upon the musicians
are the same as he imposes upon himself. Joe does
not spare himself. In our book he is “Mr. Music.”’

Whatever course the musical composition
of the future takes, it will surely thrive, if all those
who love music will endeavor to provide it with the
means of self-expression; if everyone in his own
station will contribute his share to the furtherance of
its cultivation.
