---
id: "812"
title: "Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Musician's
Corner

by Frederick Adams

In the middle of last month, a hot argument broke
out between two fellows in the yard. The fracas
soon spread to half the inmates within the vicinity of
the debate. The bone of contention was not baseball
or girlfriends or even parole, but the Benny Good-
man and Artie Shaw bands and cne man declared
Goodman had been the best. The other man wasn't
having any of that. As ill will spread, the belliger-
ants formed themselves into small cliques; one group
shouted that neither Shaw nor Goodman, but Tom-
my Dorsey had been “the greatest; another de-
clared for Bob Crosby; still another for Glenn Miller.
The verbal warfare continued on through the eve-
ning, to be silenced only by the whistle that signaled
us back to our cells.

Similar incidents, such as this one, have occurred
a thousand times over during the past 25 years, be-
ginning back in the days when the big bands played
swing. It was a part of Jazz history. A time that Jazz
writers call “the swing era,” the period of greatest
mass popularity that any Jazz style has ever had.

The accounts usually say that everything started
in March 1937, when the Benny Goodman band
played an engagement at the Paramount Theatre in
New York. From the moment the musicians came
onstage, there was shouting from the seats, dancing
in the aisles, panic followed by patient submission
from the ushers—and 11,500 paid admissions the
first day.

Of course, a few rumbling voices declared at the
time that this “swing music’’ was not really anything
new; that it was just “‘another name for Jazz.” The
fact that between 1917 and 1937 Jazz had been
through a major revolution affecting not only the
size of the Jazz orchestra, but the Jazzman’s basic
ideas of rhythm and melody. Among the first con-
tributors was Louis Armstrong—a name well known
—and pianist—leader and arranger Fletcher Hen-
derson and alto saxophonist and arranger Don Red-
man—two whose names are not so well known.

Actually, the swing fans described above were
arguing about very little. There was not really much
difference between the Goodman and Shaw styles.
Goodman had a disciplined brass section and relied
heavily upon it; Shaw’s band was “cooler’’ and de-
pended on its highly disciplined sax section. Tommy
Dorsey and Bob Crosby were in the same stream but
from different sources. And as for Glenn Miller,
though his music may have been good dance music,
it is rather hard to take it seriously as Jazz. On the
other hand, two of the great creative big bands of
the late thirties, Duke Ellington’s and Count Basie’s,
didn’t even raise a voice among the teen age devo-
tees of the time.

The roots of big-band swing style go back to the
twenties and the three major figures that shaped it
came together in 1924, when Louis Armstrong
joined Fletcher Henderson's orchestra in New York.
To the laymen, Armstrong’s contribution is perhap
the easiest to recognize. It was he who first affected
the phrasing, the ideas of rhythm and melody—the
Swing—that was to rule music and the style of im-
provising that was to influence every Jazz player, no
matter what his instrument.

But before Armstrong arrived, Redman and Hen-
derson had already given this music a basic frame-
work and style in their orchestrations. Before the
improvising soloist gets to it, swing music belongs to
the composers and arrangers, and the first successful
arranger for big-bands was Redman working for
Henderson's orchestra.

Redman shaped the style of the orchestra. He
saw that the future of Jazz lay with more control
over the group yet more freedom for the individual
soloist. The ‘collective’ improvising of New Or-
leans Jazz seemed to have gone as far as it could.
He took a conventional American dance band of the
time—with its separate sections of saxophones
(doubling on clarinets), trumpets, trombones and
rhythm—and managed to convert it into a new kind
of Jazz band. He even made some use of the dance
bands style, the solo passages had to be Jazz impro-
visions, and the written variations had to be in the
Jazz style. One thing more became distinctive; Red-
man borrowed the "call and response" patterns
heard in Negro church services.

By 1927, Armstrong had left the Henderson Band
and Redman and Henderson were also going their
separate way. Redman later returned to New York
to lead his own band in competition with Hender-
son's orchestra.

Henderson, however, continued to get the solo-
ists. At various times in the twenties and thirties he
had Hawkins, Armstrong and Kaiser Marshall, pian-
ists and arrangers Fats Waller and Horace Hender-
son; trumpeters Rex Stewart, Tommy Ladnier, Hen-
ry “Red” Allen, Joe Smith and Roy Eldridge; clar-
inetist Buster Bailey; saxaphonists Russell Procope,
Benny Carter (who also arranged), Ben Webster
and Chu Berry; trombonists J. C. Higgenbottom,
Berny Morton, Claude Jones and Dickie Wells;
drummer Sid Catlett—to name only the best known.

At the very time—in 1932-33—-when the style
was finally perfected, however, work began to get
very scarce and through John Hammond, Hender-
son was introduced to Benny Goodman. Goodman's
new orchestra needed arrangements and Henderson
became Goodman's chief arranger, although for
some years he also tried to keep together a band of
his own.

There were many highly talented big-band ar-
rangers during the swing period, of course, but they
all owed a basic conception and many of the details
of the music to the work of Redman and Henderson.
Some arrangers put the ideas to a very personal use
and one particularly worth mentioning is Sy Oliver.
Oliver was chief arranger for the later Tommy Dor-
sey band after having worked several years for Jim-
my Lunceford. Today one can also hear the influ-
ence of Redman and Henderson in the work of such
diverse talents as Gil Evans, Quincy Jones, Ernie
Wilkens and Neil Hefti.

Redman and Henderson made a big swing band
out of a conventional dance band and there were
other approaches employed in the thirties. One of
these was the idea of a big “Dixieland” group. Both
Goodman and Tommy Dorsey had toyed with this
idea in their earliest days, using the help of an ar-
ranger named Deane Kincaide. The early Woody
Herman band was also a big ‘‘Dixieland” group.
But the most successful was the Bob Crosby orches-
tra. Crosby himself was the front man—he stood
there and smiled and waved a stick and his real func-
tion was an occasional song. The Crosby book was
provided by the band’s director Gil Rodin and the
arrangers including Matty Matlock and Deane Kin-
caide.

Duke Ellington learned from Redman and Hen-
derson too, but he abndoned the dance band idea
and started all over again for himself—and his con-
ception proved to be the most brilliant and lasting
of all.

Ellington has been a major Jazzman for over
thirty years, and his achievements are large enough
to cut across any considerations of period or style.
His was one of the few groups of this period that had
a really original approach to big band Jazz.

In 1927, Ellington’s orchestra was hired by the
Cotton Club to provide music for elaborately staged
floor shows. Here Ellington’s talent was released
and he soon found himself with a new sort of band.
In effect, he converted a pit or show orchestra into
a Jazz group. The emphasis fell on refinement of
orchestration, on the integration of solo and group
and on creating varied sounds and textures.

Ellington led the band but everyone contributed.
As he later commented, "The music’s mostly written
down, because it saves time. It’s written down if its
only a basis for a change. There’s no set system.
Most times I write it and arrange it. Sometimes I
write and the band and I collaborate on the arrange-
ment. When we're all working together, a guy may
have an idea and he plays it on his horn. Another
guy may add to it and make something out of it.”

Ellington has influenced everyone, but he has had
very few successful imitators.

One other band that was inspiring musicians in
1939 was Count Basie’s, and it gave the Goodman
orchestra such pieces as One O’clock Jump, Sent for
You Yesterday, and Jumpin’ at the Woodside. But
in Basie’s orchestra—with its special kind of light
swing and the nearly revolutionary ideas of some of
of its soloists, particularly Lester Young—-we hear
the beginning of a new kind of music which a few
years later was to become “Modern Jazz.’

The innovations in the Basie band were the
“handwriting on the wall" for the big swing bands.
Their demise has often been attributed to economics,
but this is only half the reason. By the late thirties
the swing style had made a musical summary of 15
years of Jazz. Great numbers of bands had spread
the word and popularized the music. The work of all
but the very best big-bands was done. Artistically, it
was time for something new and that came from the
individual soloists wcrking in small groups. Only the
most truly creative bands of the forties could endure
the artistic impact of “Modern Jazz" and the mount-
ing expense of keeping so many men together.

Today, Henderson and Dorsey are dead. Shaw,
Goodman and Bob Crosby have retired from music,
but Goodman periodically gets out the old book and
forms a new band to play it again. Don Redman’s
chief occupation is writing arrangements for Pearl
Bailey, and Ellington? Well, of course he still leads
the best big band in Jazz.
