---
id: "813"
title: "Cuban League Softball"
author: 'Mays, "Sonny"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0033.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE
SPORT
SECTION

by “Sonny” Mays

CUBAN LEAGUE
SOFTBALL

Mr. J. S. Thompson, Commissioner
Harold Allen, Secretary
F. Gillyard, Chief Umpire
David Brinkley, Official Scorer

The first half of the season is now history as the
Falcon’s completely dominated the league by win-
ning this half with not too much trouble from the
other three teams. It started out with the Braves
and Giants as strong threats in taking the first half
from the Birds —— but the record shows they didn’t
have the tools to overcome the “High Flying
Falcons’ and neither team came even close in be-
coming a threat to the Birds. The Giants settled
for second place, and the Braves fought for third
position; while the lowly Detroit club had no com-
petition in having the cellar all to themselves. Dur-
ing the course of the season there were many changes
among the other three teams with trades and a few
of the players just up and quit because of personal
reasons and what have you. The Falcon’s have a
“Motto” that says, “A team that plays together,
stays together.’ And that is the main reason they
won and shall do so in the second half as well. The
Birds have acquired several new players to their
roster in ‘Big John’, Barney and the power stick of
“Big Curley” a returnee in past action here at the in-
stitution; and we're glad in having these three play-
ers on the Falcon’s team.

The Braves have become stronger in “mind” only,
but enough to win second place in the final half of
the season, Followed by the Giants and Detroit in
that order. No doubt it'll be a hectic race between
the latter three clubs jockeying for the second and
third slots. With Earl Brown back after having
pulled a muscle in his back, he could give the Giants
added punch with his fine pitching — also with his
glove and stick. He is indeed an excellent player
cn any teams roster; his “‘thinking’’ is something to
be admired whenever he takes the field to do battle
against the opposing teams. With “Noisey Baker”
back calling the shots for his Detroit club, he could
enhance their playing and perk them up a great deal.

They need to be kept alive, especially when on the
field — for they have a tardy attitude when behind
in the scoring. They're not a bad ball club —- they
must find themselves above all else. Their main
problem is pitching, and scoring when the opportun-
ity arises. Other than these two defects they are in
order.

I'm hoping for the second half to be a far better
race than the first. For the Braves, Detroit and the
Giants know they have their work cut-out in order to
overcome the Falcon’s. They'll be fighting like all
get-out to beat the Birds, who have ran rough-shod
over them during the season. I ferverently hope my
remarks shall somehow incite the other three clubs
in becoming more aggressive during this stage of the
pennant drive. For they have all winter in order to
cut us up as is the case after its all over. G.I. Joe,
the Falcon’s owner has never been in a better po-
sition as an owner than he is right now. He firmly
believes we could win the championship in 1962 —
true to his belief, it has come to pass, so be it.

FALCON’S TEAM ROSTER
G.I. Joe, Owner
Sonny Mays, Capt.
H. Zeitz, SS.
W. Green, 3rd B 
Sonny Mays, C. & C.F.
Pigmeat, L.F.
Art, O.F.
No No, P.

Norman Pearson, Mgr.
Jesse Young, Coach
John Gilmore, Coach
Fred, 2nd B
Bubbles, O.F.
N. Pearson, O.F.
E. Shep, 1st B
J. Alexander, C.

J. Gilmore, O.F.

The high flying Falcon’s of the Cuban League has
been leading the league ever since the first of May,
and dosen’t seem to relinquish their lead thus far.
They have been kicking dust in the faces of the
Braves, Giants and Detroit. There have been no
stagger jobs or gift games for the Falcons as they
ripped into opposing pitchers with such telling effect
that the “Birds’’ will fly even higher before the first
half is over. Will the “Birds” story have a happier
ending than the last two years? There is much ev-
idence that it will, and it keeps piling up, game after
game, as they continue to win on genuine skill. They
haven't been backing in.

The Falcon’s infield is more polished and steadier
than ever before. With such stalwart players as,
Shep, Fred, Greenie and Zietz the job will be done
in fine style. They have been throwing to the right
bases and making the cutoff plays as never before.
They have been running the bases more recklessly —
than ever before but escaping with a minimum of
mistakes and penalties. The outfield is amply pa-
trolled by the great all around player, Sonny Mays,
Art, Norman and Pigmeat. The battery of the fab-
ulous pitcher, “No No” and Frantic Johnny doing
the catching chores has kept the “Birds” flying be-
yond any doubt.

Thus, just about every man in the regular lineup
jumped into the breach at one time or another and
cut enough capers at the plate to keep the Falcons on
a winning keel. G.I. Joe’s "Birds" have displayed
all the skill in the early stages that could be asked of
a champion and additionally they have acquired a
togetherness —- we don’t like this word but can’t
find a better one to fit them, unless we say they have
become a ‘character club’. Another factor is,
when a player slumps momentarily, someone else is
right there to pick him up. Also early indications
point to just about every Falcon having his best year
or one of his better ones.

Now it all adds up to whether they will continue to
hold the team spirit to match their superb play. Its
up to G.I. Joe and Norman, to keep it alive.

Footnote: The Falcons won the first half going
away, with the record of 27 wins and only 7 in the
lost column.

Braves Team Roster
First Half
Won 15   Lost 17

Ernest Robinson, Owner 
Hassa Johnson, Capt.
Oliver Hayman, OF.
Big Mack, 1B.
Lou McCloud, OF.
Moses Taylor, 3B.
Frank Matganio, P.

Oliver Hayman, Mgr.
Robert Gerlach, 2B.
Carmine Imperiale, OF.
Robert Johnson, C.
Sam Brown, OF.
John Felker, Sub.
Francis Norman, OF.

My predictions of the Braves winding up in third
place came to be. They got off to a faulty start dur-
ing the first half and never appeared to untrack
themselves from the rut they were in. On paper and
word of mouth they were the team to beat out for the
pennant—they never got themselves together in
order to become the Big Bad Braves as their manager
so called them. They collapsed afield like a wound-
ed warrior in battle and the wounds they received
from the opposing clubs crimped any sustained drive
they may have had in mind. Judging from their
roster they have good power at the plate with Big
Mack, Lou McCloud, Hassa Johnson and Bob John-
son would indicate they had no problems to speak
of. When the big sticks are on strike the power hitters
are no longer a threat to the opposition. Their neme-
sis, the Falcons clashed all their hopes of ever win-
ning the flag this first half—and it will be the same in
the second half as well. They have a great speed ball
33 pitcher in Hassa Johnson, and his records speaks
for itself. He has pitched three no-hitters, and
against the other three clubs in the league. When-
ever the Falcon’s and Braves get together its a “do
or die" affair. So far the Birds have taken the Edge
in combat over the twisting Braves—and the sec-
ond half is going to be even more thrilling than the
first was. It is known around the league that this is
still the team to knock off in order to win the cham-
pionship. The Braves have a hustling team, and once
it finds the winning combination they'll be mighty
tough to handle. With such die-hards as Chuck,
Mack, Rock, Johnson and Johnson, the ““Band Aid
Boys" they are going to be tougher anyway before
the season ends. Their Manager Hayman is some-
what perplexed after making a swap that sent Massa-
nova to Detroit for Carmine and Gerlach. Now he
knows much too late that he goofed and is taking
headache tablets to soothe his fevered brow. . . tsk
tsk. Oh, well, he'll get over it the Falcon’s will see
to that.

Giants Team Roster
First Half
Won 18   Lost 14

Frank Rouse, Owner
Earl Brown, Capt.
Earl Brown, P.
M. Dickerson, 3B. 
Juan Llanos, OF. 
Candido, OF. 
Norman Bond, OF.

Charles Whiting, Mgr.
C. Whiting, 2B.
Murphy, 1B.
"Ski", OF.
Chuck, OF.
Griffin, P.
Ed. Parks, C.

The second place Giants having lost their lethal
punch with the desertion of several players in which
they disagreed with an umpire’s decision, has caused
the “Big Bad Giants’ to fold and are now headed
for the dark dampness of the cellar. The players
that deserted their team-mates left their club at a
time when they could have made the first-half race
even closer than it turned out. Probably they saw
the handwriting on the wall that the Falcon’s had it
this year and they couldn’t do anything about it. For
the Falcons and Giants are old arch rivals of the past.
Even though the Birds were defeated last year, not
once did they leave the field due to an umpires de-
cision or a bad call. We took our bitter pills as well
as the sweetened one, we were not surprised by their
actions, it had to come sooner or later. What dis-
gusted everybody around the league was the disre-
gard they showed for the league in staying together.
The balance of the Giants team were in bad shape,
for this made the others disgruntle and very low in
spirits to be sure. | take this opportunity in saying
to their fine new owner Frank Rouse, that he’s do-
ing a darn good job of getting his club in order for
the second-half. To those players such as Earl
Brown, Whiting, Samson and Jake Buck we in the
league admire your steadfastness in sticking with
your team that only last season won the Champion-
ship, and did in grand style to say the least. The hue
and cry of last season were the “Mighty Giants’’, for
indeed they were. This season of 1962, the cry is
“the High Flying Falcon’s’’—so it goes that chances
go around.

I'm hoping the Giants become stronger on the
field and at the plate as well, for this tends to make
the final half of the season even tougher for the
Braves, Detroit and the Falcon’s. Who said, it could
not be done!

Detroit Team Roster

First Half
Won 8   Lost 28

Noisey Baker, Owner 
Rice, C. 
Rob Watson, SS. 
Porta, 1B. 
Jake Welty, 2B. 
Brooksy, OF. 

Rudy, OF.
Medina, OF.
“Tampa Red’’, OF.
McGinley, CF.
Bobby, 3B.
Chief, LF.

Massanova, P.

In the first half Detroit had sole possession of the
dark dismal cellar. According to record, they'll win
this honor once again, unless they come forth with
greater effort and more hustle in the second half.
They have acquired some additional players such as
“Tampa Red’’, Medina and “‘Chief’’ who could help
Detroit in the Beef Department if nothing more.
“Noisey’ Baker, their firey manager has been con-
fined to the hospital for minor surgery and his voice
has been missed along the sidelines and coaching
box. We're all hoping for his immediate recovery.
With hustling Brooksey at the helm Detroit could go
either way that is “‘up’’ or down. Its rather difficult
to say how things will turn out for this seasons second
half. I do know for a fact that hustling pays a para-
mount role in every sporting contest. Therein lies
the gist of a good solid team that is out to show cause
why they are on the field to play ball. This team
could round out into a far better club than it is — for
the players must exert enough of themselves to make
the game worthwhile to the fans, also to themselves.
For whatever effort is put forth — surely will come
out when the final out is called. A leader among
men plays a starring role, especially when that par-
ticular leader is respected by his fellow players and
admirers on or off the field. With such a leader,
Detroit could enhance their winning ways a great
deal more. Its indeed a sad affair to witness a teams
collapse and be buried on the same field. Hurry,
hurry, oh “Noisey Baker’’ you are indeed missed by
your team.

* * * * * * Last Minute * * * * * *

With the second half underway the Falcon’s have
taken the league lead with five games out front. But
the Braves have caught fire and are breathing hard
on the necks of the Birds. In a three game series
the Braves chalked up the only defeats the Falcon’s
have. With this in mind the green shirted Birds
must stave off this on-rush of the angry Braves in
order to clinch the championship. Yes, we have our
work cut-out now, but have no fear; the High flying
Falcon’s will win it beyond any doubt. We're a
pressure ball club, wherein the Braves are just a
team......Ahem!
