---
id: "814"
title: "Mexican League Softball"
author: 'Mays, "Sonny"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "35"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0037.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
MEXICAN LEAGUE
SOFTBALL

D. Croxton, Commissioner and Umpire-in-Chief
Harry Robinson, Umpire
“Willie,” Umpire

The Mexican League ended their first half of the
season with the Mets winning the top spot and were
far ahead of the other three teams. The credit for
this surge by the Mets, goes to Mack and his co-
partner on the field, Johnny Downs. Mack the for-
mer owner has since been transferred elsewhere,
while Johnny still plays ball fer the up and coming
Cardinals, who wound up in the cellar during the
first half. They are the hottest club in the loop right
now; and the rumor is that the Cards will be the team
to beat during this second half. Winding up in sec-
ond were the Rangers, now managed by Big Dawk-
ins, a former Met player and a fiery competitor who
has his eyes on the top spot this second half. I firmly
believe the battle for first place lies with the Cardi-
nals and the Rangers, for they have the strongest
clubs in their respective league.

The Lynx’s managed by Dupree is certain of one
thing if nothing else, third place belongs to him.
From the looks of the race from my point of view,
I see nothing else in sight for the Lynx’s but third.
I'd love to be proven wrong, by the resurgence of
the Lynxs for I know softball is a sometime crazy
game, crazy indeed. Last on the totem pole dwells
the original Mets a team to be feared whenever they
played, and under the guidance of their new owner,
Brownie, they shall remain at the bottom. Even
though they are a team, they don’t come near as a
threat against the other three clubs. It’s known
around the loop they have no unity nor any hitting
power in their lineup to speak of. I only hope Brow-
ie, comes up with a secret weapon to alter this non-
progress of his team. With the second half now in
full swing he better look around for a lethal weapon
to counteract the pitching and heavy guns of the oth-
er three teams, if not, he'll stay on Doctor’s call
through the long hot summer.

RANGERS TEAM ROSTER

Dawkins, Mgr. 
Cleve, P.
Dawkins, C.
J. Mercer, 1B. & P. 
E. Nickens, OF. & P. 
Wm. Holley, OF. 
R. Crawford, OF. 

Pewee, Capt.
D. Redding, OF.
M. McFall, 3B.
‘‘Moose,” S.S.
Wm. Stone, 1B.
Snooks, OF.
Mickey, OF.

Having ended the first half in second place, the
Rangers have their sights on first place during this
second half. It was in the latter stage of the first half
that “Big Dawkins’ took over as Manager of the
Rangers, and did a splendid job with the Rangers
who were floundering around between third and sec-
ond place. Now they are a pennant contender and
are capable of shooting down the fiery Red Birds,
who also has designs on first place. It will be a hard
fought duel between these two clubs whom are one
and two either way in the race. The Rangers have
the speed on the base paths with, Nick, Melvin and
Holley; plus, they have good sticks when at bat.
Proof of this came about with the bases crammed,
Holley came forth and blasted the ball for the first
grand slam of the season. It was no fluke, he really
kissed it when the contact was made. Their owner,
“Big Dawkins," Snooks, Mercer, Moose and Craw-
ford all swing a mean stick. With this in mind I'll
go out on a limb by saying, this is the team that must
bear watching. They have so many ways of snuffing
out the opposing teams they may face, like running,
hitting, fielding and their hustle is the best I’ve seen
in the loop this season, and their pitching staff of
Cleve and Mercer, is up to par.

LYNX’S TEAM ROSTER
N. Dupree, Owner
Herb Elliot, 2B.
Dave Valimont, C
Andrew White, OF.
Robbi, OF.
Ed. Screhler, S.S. 
Tom Adams, OF. 
C. Buonassisi, P.
Joe Kaymiki, OF.

Joe Smiley, Mgr.
Champ, OF.
Charles Wathins, 1B.
Lary Jason, P.
N. Dupree, 2B.
N. D. Easley, OF.
Gardner, OF.
Billy Dehart, OF.
Joe Smiley, C. & 3B.

Having watched the third place Lynxs in action on
many occasions I’ve drawn my own conclusion to
their down fall of not being a far better ball team
than is said about them. On paper they have the
tools and material to make a better run for the top
slot in their league. With runs to spare they crumble
and go to pieces like leaves in the wind. Dupree
their owner and player has what it takes to win.
Somehow the team doesn’t function as a solid unit
in order to convince him of the greatness of his team.
He has a good hustling team, first they must find
themselves in order to win these close games which
they have blowned in the first half. Perhaps they
have seen their dire mistakes and will pull themselves
together in the second half and become a rated con-
tender. In “Herb’’ a fine competitor and defensive
player, Jason a darn good pitcher, as well as a fine
stick man, Joe Smiley, a hustler at all times and
gets his hits to boot; and Dupree, a go ‘‘get em’’ type
player who never ceases to perk up his team when
they begin to flounder around or boot a few afield.
Once these cats get on the ball, and put their every
effort into it, they'll be mighty hard to stop. I’m
predicting a better brand of ball to be executed by
the Lynx’s during this final half of the season. I'd
not be surprised if they win the second half. After
listening to their first baseman Beauty about the
the Lynx’s chances of winning the pennant, he re-
marked, “Baby, it’s all sewed up and put it in print.”

Happy hunting Lynxs.

CARDINALS TEAM ROSTER
“Bottle Neck, Owner. 
R. Smith, 2B
Al. Larue, C
H. Thomas, S.S.
L. Bradley, OF.
T. Hopkins, OF.
Ben, OF.
Godala, 3B

Little Billy, Mgr.
Wm. Shaffer, 1B
J. Downs, P.
W. Davis, C.
T. Parter, OF.
R. Sicuro, 1B
Easely, OF.
Wm. Archey, C.

The last place red birds were encamped in the
cellar during the first half and were a lowly lot never
even getting off in flight to challenge the top
three teams. All of this has changed in the second
half, now they have righted themselves and are a-
wing and playing good steady ball. Their pitcher
Johnny Downs, predicts the Cards will win the sec-
ond half, then cop the championship in the league.
So far the Red Bircls are looking good. They have
acquired additional strength through trades from the
other three teams with such players as, Archey, Go-
dala and Shaffer to bolster their infield on defense,
plus, their attack at the plate. With the fine pitching
of Johnny on the mound they could wing on to the
championship. Time and patience is the factor right
now for this hot tempered ball club.

Their owner, “Bottle Neck,’’ just cools himself on
his present top perch and gives his team the needed
advice to win... and keep on winning.

THE MIDGET METS
A. Brown, Owner.
“Trigger," Capt.
R. Marshall, 3B
G. Allen, Sub.
H. Binns, R.F. 
Ed Parks, C. 
A. Force, OF.
R. Weeks, OF.
G. Reid, OF. 

R. Marshall, Mgr.
Ed Smith, S.S.
A. Brown, P.
"Calcutta," P.
B. Harris, LF.
A. Earley, CF.
“Trigger," OF.
S. Gray, 1B
Ed Schuffer, 2B.

The Mets, the original club is no longer in exist-
ence after Mac, its owner left the scene. Another
team has taken over as the “Midget Mets,” and its
present owner is Brownie who has a great deal of re-
building to do in order to bring this team up to par
and to be a threat within itself. Right now it looks
like a dismal and hopeless attempt. It could be done
once Brownie knows what the club is lacking in ma-
terial and tools of war.

Looking through his team’s roster I see no real
"thunder", so to speak. He'll need stickmen as well
as glove men in order to keep the other clubs from
blasting the Midget Mets out of the league. So far
they are in the cellar and probably will stay there
for the duration of the season. The Rangers, Cards
and Lynx’s are well fortified with the better players
in the loop.

A few good trades would help the Mets if Brownie
has the insight to try, at least. Sometimes a good
trade is difficult, especially when the trading bait
says nothing. He has in Trigger, Bernard, Earley
and Marshall four up to par players. I’m hoping the
Mets fight hard all the way. Keep fighting team.
