---
id: "816"
title: "July 4th Tack & Field Events"
author: 'Mays, "Sonny"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "38"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0040.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
JULY 4th ---- Track & Field Events

Listed are the winners in the various sporting
events which were held during the morning and
afterncon on the Fourth of July. The turnout wasn't
as large as expected by the many fans and partici-
pants - this was due to the transferring of inmates to
other institutions. This has weakened the sports
program here and it was most noticeable during the
events. The competition wasn't as stiff as in the
past few years when this ““Old House” held some of
the finest athletes that ever entered these portals.
Time changes all things, this is true, for a new era has
begun and man like the Nomads the world-over must
move on and begin anew.

Another important factor that kept many from
joining in the events were the prizes which weren't
as lucrative as in the past. Even in prison the crash
of the stock market rears its ugly head. Perk up
comrades, lets look forward to the coming year when
the prize money will make the difference in the com-
petition. It would create a bit of excitement if
known the “ends” are to be long — especially after
running the 220 - eh, Nick!

These events couldn’t have went as smoothly as
they did, if our capable Athletic Director, Mr.
Thompson hadn’t gotten the cooperation from those
of you that sat down and discussed the program be-
fore its very beginning. We all know he did an ex-
cellent job of pregramming in order to see that a fair
opportunity was given to all that desired a chance to
enter these events. Having announced these var-
ious entries during the course of the day, I saw how
hectic a job it was to get them started because of the
time element involved. With Rob Watson and
David Brinkley whom assisted Mr. Thompson during
his rounds to get things moving, did a fine bit of
keeping things in order and tabulating the scorecards
at the same time; for it proved a great success at the
end.

On behalf of the inmate body and this “reporter”
— and all others that took a hand on this day — we
all give much thanks for a job well done indeed. I
also wish to thank our engineer for the day — Joe
Massanova and his able assistant Rudy, in putting up
the loud speakers that we may dig the AM and FM
sounds during the intermission periods. All in all
it wasn't too bad under the circumstances — but
baby — I could have cut some capers of my own
like... . being elsewhere than making this uncool
setting for my Fourth.

100 Yard Dash
10 Seconds Flat

Elmo Nickens (1) 
Alfred Sheppard (2)
Gordon T. Griffin (3)

200 Yard Dash
16 Seconds Flat

Elmo Nickens (1) 
David Croxton (2)
Gordon T. Griffin (3)

Mile Relay

Elmo Nickens
T. W. Gardner
Russell Mott
Edwin Walker
Robert Gilmer
Candido Velazquez

David Croxton
Earnest T. Farr
Harry Binns
Alfred Sheppard
Oliver E. Hayman
Alex R. Brown

Shot-Put
24 Feet - 10 Inches

David Croxton
Alex R. Brown
Juan R. Llanos

Norman Bond
Russell Mott
Candido Velazquez

Broad Jump
19 Feet - 6 1/2 Inches

Elmo Nickens 
Richard McKonley
Gordon T. Griffin

Pitching Contest

Richard McKonley 
Robert Marshall
Charles Watkins

Wheel-barrow Race

Alfred Sheppard 
Elmo Nickens 
Willie Green 

Juan R. Llanos
Leonard Massey
Candido Velazquez

Sack Race

Elmo Nickens
Willie Green
Russell Mott

Francis McLaughlin
John T. White
David Croxton

Fat Man’s Race

George Dawkins
Chas. A. Buonassisi

Three-legged Race

Albert Earley
Russell Mott
Willie Greene

Robert R. Marshall
George Dawkins
George Allen

Horse and Rider

David Croxton 
Joe L. Miller 
Leonard Massey 

Elmo Nickens 
Alfred Sheppard
Francis McLaughlin

Horse-Shoe Tournament

1st Place (singles) Won by Stan Mileski
2nd Place (singles) Won by James Fisher
3rd Place (singles) Won by Alfred Sheppard
1st Place (doubles) Won by Fisher & Sheppard
2nd Place (doubles) Won by Oliver & Mileski
3rd Place (doubles) Won by Blanton & Belton

Handball Tournament
1st Place, Won by — Jake Welty -7th Blk.
2nd Place, Won by — E. Walker - 7th Blk.
1st Place, Won by — Elmo Nickens - 5 Blk.
2nd Place, Won by — G. Griffin - 5 Gal. 
1st Place, Won by — Hassa Johnson - 6th Blk.
2nd Place, Won by — “Beauty” - 6th Gal.
1st Place, Won by — Ed. Parks - 4th Blk.
2nd Place, Won by — ‘‘Jack the Bear” - 6th Gal.

Weightlifting Tournament

Heavyweight          Press  Snatch  Clean & Jerk
Tony Cross - First    230    190     250
Total 670
Joe Miller - Second   190    190     250
Total 630

Light Heavyweight
F. McLaughin 1st      240    205     260
Total 750
Nonnenmocher 2nd      180    135     200
Total 515

Middleweight
Harry Zietz - First   195    160     230
Total 585
Henry Easley - 2nd  187 1/2  150     215
Total 552 1/2

Lightweight
I. Rodriquez - 1st    170    130     170
Total 470
G. Deputy - 2nd       140    125     180
Total 445
E. Brooks - 3rd       115     90     115
Total 320

