---
id: "817"
title: "A Sport's Feature: Weight Lifting"
author: 'Mays, "Sonny"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1962"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "7"
issue: "2"
_page: "39"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1962_body0041.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
A Sports Feature

All kinds of people take up the practice of weight
training. The majority are those who wish to keep
fit in the easiest and quickest manner. Fortunately
for them keeping fit with weights requires little time
and effort. To be twice as strong as the average man,
to be well enough built to attract favorable attention
in street clothes or at the beach, to enjoy splendid
health, to have good endurance, rapid recuperative
power and the expectancy of long life. There are a
great many who use weights to overcome the ravages
of ill health, to build a weak, sickly body to strength
and health and there are those who desire to reju-
venate an injured limb or other parts of the body, a
fair number who wish to reduce their overweight
bodies, to replace ugly fat with smooth, strong mus-
cles, a great many who wish to gain weight, to build
their undeveloped frames so that they will compare
favorably with the advanced barbell men.

There are men who train with weights to improve
their athletic ability, to develop more speed, power,
renew energy and super endurance so that they can
perform better at their chosen sport. Weight lifting
will improve any man at his favorite sport and a
great many of the nation’s top athletes, national
champions and record holders, are weight trained
men. There are others who desire to be weight lift-
ing champions, to make the world’s championship
and Olympic teams, there are many who desire to be
strong, to be the strongest man in their district, there
are even more who want to pack all the muscle they
can upon their frames, and last, but far from least,
there is the large group who find pleasure, satisfac-
tion and fame, which can result, in time, in fortune,
by building such a magnificent physique that they
will be winners in a physique contest, perhaps “Mr.
America’ or even obtain the greatest of all, “Mr.
Universe” or Mr. “World.” Believe me, it could
happen to you.

Come... Let’s really visit an actual weight lift-
ing contest that took place at this institution in June
of this year. Our athletic director, Mr. Thompson
brought three members from the West Branch Y, to
compete against the team here. Upon my arrival at
the basketball court where the event took place, |
was awed by the large turn out of the inmate pop-
ulation. The complete area was engulfed by human-
ity, only breathing room existed. | had to show my
reporters card in order to find a suitable place to
take notes of this stirring event. The three man team
of, Mr. Shanken, Mr. Zeoli and Mr. Jones, were in-
troduced by Archey, the announcer for the evening
performance. Those of us who were not familiar
with the various lifts and etc., were given the infor-
mation by Archey before each event. In this way
we were able to follow very closely the poundage
being handled by the lifters. The evening held many
exciting moments of raw courage and guts of lifting
the cold steel and the crowd ““Oohed”’ and Aahed”’
with every performance by the various participants.
With the straining of muscles the crowd strained just
as hard to egg on the lifter who was doing his utmost
to complete his ordeal like a champion. Having
watched all the participants at their task, there re-
mained in everybody's mind the duel of steel be-
tween our own Mr. Universe, Tony, and the three
members from West Branch Y. Our hero Tony, gave
an excellent performance of lifting the various
weights to perfection. I might also add that this
ycung man is built—standing over six feet—weigh-
ing around two-hundred and twenty pounds, is
enough to convince me he’s "it" at this weight lift-
ing gig. I am convinced that with proper training
and instructions, Tony could become a credit to him-
self and even to the profession itself. This man has
all the tools in kecoming a true champion in this par-
ticular field of sport. I’m sure this opinion is definite-
ly shared by all. Seme evening while strolling the
yard, stop by the area restricted for weight lifting,
and watch this young giant at work. To Tony and all
the others that put forth their every effort to make
it an exciting and enjoyable evening—we all give
many, many thanks for a job well done. Vo Mr.
Thompson our wonderful Director of Sports at this
institution should ge given a great deal of praise in
bringing the West Branch Y, members here for the
inmates to watch and enjoy.

WEIGHTLIFTING CONTEST
EASTERN VS. WEST BRANCH Y
Name           Military  Clean & Jerk  Snatch   Total
Shanken          210          290       220      800
West Branch      235          300       230
                 250          310       240
Frank            200          255       180      730
Eastern          235          265       195
                 250          275       205
Zeoli            180                             225
West Branch      210
Joe Miller       190                             210
Eastern          200
Jones            230          280-Miss  210-Miss 350
West Branch      240                    200     
Tony             220                    180      720
Eastern          235          225       195
                 250          265       205
Chief                                   180      460
Eastern                       255       195
                              265       205

DUMB BELL
Tony          75-lb.  9R   90-lb.  9R  100-lb. 5R
Eastern  
Zeoli         75-lb.  9R   90-lb.  9R  100-lb. 5R
West Branch

BENCH PRESS
Tony         300-lb.  6R  330-lb.  5R  360-lb. 3R
Eastern
Jones        300-lb.  6R  330-lb.  5R  360-lb. 3R
West Branch

At this time I would like to thank, Mr. Zeoli, Mr.
Shanken and Mr. Jones, for the marvelous thing they
did in coming here for the sole purpose of entertain-
ing the inmate population. And here’s fervently
hoping they will return in the near future. I speak for
the entire inmate body. I’m positive that the team
members that participated were thrilled by being
able to compete against this kind of competition. For
it shall enhance their showing even more so in the
future. Who knows, a champion might be among
this very same team.
