---
id: "82"
title: "Juvenile Delinquency"
author: "Williams, Jr. John L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Juvenile Delinquency

IN EXPRESSING MY OWN personal views of
the problems of our youth involved in crimes
today, I wish to emphasize that they are not
limited to sectional or local boundries—but from
coast to coast and border to border. They disclose
a malignant threat over every home in this nation.
They reveal a tremendous responsibility which
should be undertaken by every citizen of the United
States. They are the problems which confront so-
ciety namely, the awful fact that the majority of
crimes today are committed by our youth.

I believe that one reason why youth has en-
gaged in criminal activities is because parents and
society have failed to provide them with the proper
outlets and up-bringing. It can reasonably be said
that only in the rarest instances of diseased minds
has a first offender ever committed a crime because
of plain antisocial sentiments. Our youth of to-
day have fallen into criminal activities mostly be-
cause of either deep-laid faults in society, such as
poverty, degeneracy, etc., or because they are com-
pletely neglected by their parents.

A great percentage of the crimes being com-
mitted today in these United States are being per-
petrated by young persons who have not yet reached
the voung age. They commit murder, arson,
thievery, robbery and other malignant outrages, be-
cause they are youths of immature minds and
bodies; youths who at their age should be reaching
the threshold of a useful life. It definitely is not
a healthful outlook, nor is it a pleasant picture. It
is not a normal condition when society must bow
under the disgrace of circumstances in which a
large percentage of our robbers and murderers are
just a little beyond their childhood. Therefore, it
becomes incumbent upon society to recognize the
causes of such scandalous conditions, and to search
for the means by which they may be meliorated.

Usually, when a youth commits a crime, it is
because of laxity in early discipline, or because of
apathy on the part of parents, and the complete
neglect of those in the community who should have
helped the helpless. Parents and the community
must work together with a dual purpose to combat
the growth of criminal instincts in our youth of
today.

All too often it is found that the majority of
children have become criminals because of the fol-
lowing reasons. They came from a family where
selfishness was always predominant, or a family
in which incompatibility led to divorce of the
parents; or perhaps one in which the parents were
concerned only with their own pleasures, leaving
the youths to drift as they pleased. It may have
been because they were poverty-ridden, ignorant
people, not fully realizing their responsibilities to
their children, or just not caring about them. It
is almost inevitable that the attitude of parents
has a great bearing upon their children. True,
there are instances where the mentioned conditions
do not apply. Their divergence, however, only
proves the rule.

Many criminals started their careers of crime
as small children, reared in total neglect and
poverty. When old enough they engaged in petty
thefts, such as stealing tires from automobiles, act-
ing as runners for bootleggers and engaging in
burglaries and robberies with older men. At the
age when they were commiting these infractions of
the law, their parents should have been instilling
into their immature and pliable minds the desire for
an honorable career, for an honorable accomplish-
ment, for a future of honest and worthwhile en-
deavor. But these immature and neglected children,
and many, many thousands like them, were just left
to drift as they pleased. They were allowed to
gather in unfavorable surroundings and to travel
in companionships which bore no other possible
future then that of outlawry. As long as parents
fail to recognize that proper discipline is an essential
part of human development, there will always be
a large amount of delinquent children who will
grow up to have a thorough disregard for the rights
of society.

I believe that a prime factor of the disregard
of law that is shown by our youth of today, is
caused because they have seen adults display that
same disrespect. J insist, that when a youngster
begins to show disrespect for law and order, you
ean be most positive that either he has learned that
attitude at home, or his parents have failed to keep
him isolated from undesirable company.

It must be a torturing feeling in the hearts and
minds of some parents who have upon their con-
sciences the knowledge and guilt that their sons or
daughters are condemmed for years and years to
live in a prison cell block, with their identities de-
stroyed, and their futures forever marred, all be-
cause of their selfishness and lack of interest in
their up-bringing.

We find that our youth of today have been
handicapped from the beginning—that they have
had a bad start in life. After they have become
used to being neglected for so long, if you try to
tell them that crime does not pay, there is a good
possibility that you may be confronted with the
question, ‘‘Why does it not pay?’’ If we try to
answer that the price of crime will lead eventually
only to prison, our youth are subject to reply that it
is easy to get probation, a parole or a pardon. I
have discovered that it is not wise to underestimate
the imagination of young persons. I have also
found that young persons possess a clarity of vision
which is often lost in the mind of a mature person.
And don’t ever think for a moment that our youth
of today are not educated in the tricks by which
they can avoid punishment for certain misdeeds.

Usually, when a youth, hampered by the lack
of parental guidance, indulges in his first infraction
of law, he receives the benefit of probation. And
it is only right that he should be given probation.
I personally believe that it would be an injustice
for any young child upon his first offense (pro-.
viding that it is not an extreme offense) to be in-
carcerated without a chance to reform. Assuming
that he is given probation, there is no guarantee
that he will not become a repeater in violating the
law, because we know that, at times, such children
are put under the care of probation officers who are
ignorant, and sometimes have criminal tendencies
themselves, and who would disregard their respon-
sibilities to those under their care whenever the
opportunity presented itself. If that young criminal
should become a repeater he most likely would be
sent to a reform school which is NOT a reform
school at all, but merely a place where innocence
vanishes and insolence takes its place. He has a
eood chance there to learn step by step the funda-
mentals of law avoidance, instead of law obedience.
After he has completed his course in learning new
criminal methods and is released, you are most likely
to find him associating with foul-minded and older,
dangerous criminals, who then teach him, through
experience, how to commit various types of crimes.
By this association and participation he will at last
become a professor of crime.

I suppose there are many of you who are won-
dering ‘‘What are the answers to these existing
problems?’’ There are many answers to these prob-
lems, and I wish to express a few of the many that I
believe in. I believe that society and parents should
give their time and energy, and contribute to the
best of their ability, in wiping out the conditions by
which such emergencies are created. Parents
should teach their children that there is only one
road in the world of crime, and that that road
travels downward to the depths of eternal suffer-
ings. They must teach them the true character of
the criminal—that violations of the law will lead
only to the physical and moral weakening of those
who believe and follow in criminal activities. They
must be taught that there is a great career before
them—greater and more exciting than the career
of any criminal.

Children must be taught and urged from early
childhood to be honest at all times.

John L. Williams, Jr.
