---
id: "822"
title: "Cover Story"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0002.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
COVER STORY

THE WORLD’S TOUGHEST, ROUGHEST UPHILL RACE

Back in 1806, a young Army lieutenant, Zeb Pike, rested after a fruitless attempt
to climb the towering central Colorado mountain he discovered—the one which today
bears his name.

“Can't be done,” he proclaimed. “In fact, man never will be able to scale the
peak, in any manner.”

This July 4, some 44 drivers of sports cars, stock autos and single seaters will
prove how wrong he was in dramatic fashion—for the 40th time. For on that date,
Independence Day is celebrated in rugged style in that rough terrain of our West
with the annual Pike’s Peak Hill Climb.

Beginning at dawn, thousands of motorists file through the gates at the base of
Pike’s Peak to vie for prized vantage points from which to watch the terrifying event.
By 9 A.M., the summit is cleared and the “race to the clouds” is about to begin.

Moments later, the revved up sounds of sports cars fills the air and sleek road-
sters single-file their way up and around the winding terrain. Stock cars follow,
wheeling over the brown dirt road and “writhing up the mountain like a wounded
snake,” in the words of one driver.

Then it’s the single seaters’ turn; the racers specifically designed for hard
cornering on dirt tracks. From the starting point at the seven mile post on Pike's
Peak road to the finishing mark 12.4 miles above, daring drivers compete while climb-
ing from an elevation of 9,402 feet to 14,110. The route was especially chosen for its
rough going; at times grades average 10.5%!

Poor visibility and violent weather changes have added further challenge to the
dangerous hill climb, but in the past 39 years most drivers finished without injury—
and not one was killed. Last year, Bobby Unser drove his championship class car to
a new record, reaching the summit in 12 minutes, 56.8 seconds. Ak Miller bested all
big sports car competitors with a new mark of 14 minutes, 28.6 seconds. A Porschse
and a Chevrolet set new records in other classifications, and the promise is for further
low marks for 1962!

But the 152-turn course represents far more than a test of skill and courage for
some of the world’s leading drivers. Mobil engineers have been on hand at each Pike
Peak Hill Climb to study the performance of fuels and lubricants used under varying
conditions of temperature change, engine speed and load and altitude.

Their technical findings contribute to new developments in gasoline and oil, and
Zeb Pike’s “unscaleable” peak has become the worlds longest uphill laboratory.
