---
id: "826"
title: "Removal of Eastern State Pen Asked by Mayor Tate"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
March
1963

Founded-1956
The Eastern Echo

FINAL
EDITION

December Circulation: 1,850

Twenty-five cents

Removal of Eastern State Pen Asked by Mayor Tate

Ex-Governor Lawrence
Urged to Turn Site
into Recreational
Genter

by F. A. Murphy

The Eastern State Penitentiary has been doing a
land office business on this corner since 1829. ‘‘Cher-
ry Hill” is a living monument to those sturdy pio-
neer builders, who made quite a STIR when this in-
stitution was completed.

Of course, “Remove the Pen,” is not anything
new. “THEY” have been promising to demolish,
rebuild, and remove “Cherry Hill’’ (not to be con-
fused with Society Hill) since 1929. At this writing,
452 top brass conferences have been held—135
Official State Banquets—27 political parades, and
nine different administrations have all solemnly
vowed to rid this neighborhood of this unsightly and
dangerous “‘Blot.’’ So what happens? The same
thing that happened to the old maid who wore cot-
ton stockings—NOTHING.

My source of information is relayed to me by an
old newspaper man, who finally discovered there is
little or no money in old newspapers; so he had to
go to work. He is now very active as Vice-President
in-charge-of-leaky-Dixie Cups at City Hall. He in-
forms me that ““They’’ are undecided whether to
sell the institution site or not, because after “They”
read the agency's advertisement—this site seemed
a good place for a penitentiary.

In my opinion, the City Fathers are making a mis-
take in wanting to remove the Pen. However, from
what I understand, City Hall has made mistakes be-
fore; that’s why they have rubber mats around the
cuspidors in all the offices. Apparently a few mal-
contents down there are under the impression that
the neighborhood around the Pen is getting too
dangerous for the inmates, and that even the pigeons
are all beginning to move up-town. In fact “They”
said, “The housing situation at the Penitentiary is
so bad, that they can’t even serve Cottage Pudding.”

Has anyone given any thought to the inmate's
view on this drastic situation? ‘They’ should take
into serious consideration and always remember, no
matter how hot, humid, dank, or musty these old
cells are in the daytime—there is still no place to go
at night. So what if the guards keep the cell doors
locked most of the time, just because it holds up
the walls, and what's the difference if it's so hot
that even the mice take salt tablets) Do “They”
realize that if this site is demolished, many of the
boys will be homeless? Since the local police cleaned
up Locust street, closed the Strip Palaces, Coffee
Houses and Poolrooms, where can they go? We
have 14 inmates here now who are recovering from
silicosis, just from inhaling the chalk dust in those
poolrooms. Don’t send these boys away from here,
Send Them To Camp, not back to the chalk dust of
Lefty’s Billiard Parlor. In fact, Lefty just arrived here
too. He just requested a fire hydrant for his cell; he’s
so lazy he won’t even take his dog out for a walk. He
was convicted of making money with President’s pic-
tures that weren’t even elected yet. He’s lucky
though, he has a wife and a cigarette lighter and
they are both working.

... the mice take salt tablets

Getting back to the mental out-look of the men
who are confined here. Nostalgia and fear are two
important factors that should be taken into consid-
eration before removing the Pen. Nostalgia for the
many things here that each inmate has grown ac-
customed to; like the musical sounds of leaky ceil-
ings; you see, leaks are not stopped here, they just
transfer them periodically to other locations. Actu-
ally the leaks are conversation starters around the
institution; it's not uncommon to hear two inmates
greet each other with the inquiry, “Have you had a
good leak lately.” Many times I have indulged my-
self in voluntary inertia, by lying abed and watch-
ing the little streams of dirty, contaminated water
running down my wall. How I would laugh when
morning came and my shoes had floated away. I
would tippy-toe through the puddles with the
drowned roaches and recover them (my shoes, not
the roaches) with great shouts of “Eureka.’’ Then
before breakfast I would sweep up the wet soggy
plaster that had fallen from the wall during the
night. I would watch with fascination as the roaches
and big water bugs raced like mad to new little
places to hide away.

... my shoes had floated away

Where else but here at the “‘Cherry Hill Taj Ma-
hal” could I greet the friendly little family of five,
three-inch Shadd roaches—every evening they ar-
rive walking single file up my wall, the papa in the
lead, then mama and the three babies; number three
is my favorite—he always waves his antenna at me
when he passes. I usually smile and wave back at
him. Even with my eyes shut | know when they have
arrived, for their little feet are calloused from walk-
ing on the damp concrete, and when walking they
sound as if they had wooden shoes on. I'll miss the
patter of those little feet if they transfer me. How
we all laughed when they assigned three ex-gunmen
to exterminate the roaches; they were eventually
transferred to the Laundry because they lacked the
killer instinct. I think the roaches have their own
table now in the mess hall—that is, most of them, for
we have a few at our table; in fact, I don’t eat raisin
bread anymore, ever since I saw a raisin walk off
my plate.

Who would ever want to lose our little 12x6 foot
community shower room, three little overhead
sprinklers for 50 men. Always so happily crowded,
everyone chatting so gaily—such fun standing there
full of soap when the water pressure would suddenly
slacken off for 15 or 20 minutes, how we would
laugh and itch—I scratched my leg for five minutes
before I realized it was somebody else’s, and that
mine wasn't numb at all as I feared.

Things like that are to be expected; after all, the
wooden water pipes were installed in 1825 by a
crew of pioneers who were doing time here for sell-
ing wooden nut-megs to the local indians who were
passing by. Anyway, it’s so dull here that when the
tide goes out, it just hates to come back; as a result,
the water pressure weakens.

Of course, you realize that we all don’t go “stir
bugs" from this ancient and evil atmosphere, with
its dark, dirty, foreboding corners and maze of
twisted alleys. So what if I wear a “‘Beanie with a
propellor,”’ the alleys can confuse anyone for awhile.
Confusing as a centipede trying to find which knee
has the water on it.

In fact, I know of one fellow who was arrested
for shooting squirrels; he pleaded self-defense and
entered here with five years. He was 22 years of
age at the time. He was paroled when his five years
were completed and he looked like a million—but
he was only 27. I think the alleys did it, see?

Speaking of alleys, reminds me of our Movie Hall
(heh heh). Actually, it’s attic space left over from
the Laundry on the first floor. It’s so small they only
show short subjects. If you are delayed in getting
to the movies, you can get lost in the alleys; you
must enter the Hall bent over, so you won't inter-
fere with the beam from the projection booth. It’s
great fun watching the late arrivals entering bent
ever on tip-toe; they look like guys sneaking out of
church just before the collection—or with the col-
lection. Speaking of church, our visiting room is just
about the size of a confessional box; it’s so small
that even the mice who live there are hump-backed

... our... community shower room

from lack of space. But then, everyone here has a
problem. Take the teen-agers here, they are forever
stealing the hub caps off the wheel chairs in the hos-
pital. They learn early here from the old timers,
that 2 and 2 are 4; and five will get you ten if you
work it right. As my old cell partner use to say,
“Man who sit on tack—better off.” I remember
when he went to the Captain and complained that
the mice were squeeking in our cell, and the Captain
said, “Whatta ya want me ta do, go in an oil em fer
ya?" Yeah, he was a good cell partner, only he had
been up the river so often that everyone called him
“Showboat.” He was a kleptomaniac, and when the
Parole agent got him a job in Baldwin’s Locomotive
Works, he damn near went crazy trying to get out
the gate with a caboose. He’s O.K. now though; he
married, and every morning he has two lumps with
his coffee—his wife and Mother-in-law. He had a
difficult time convincing his wife to quit smoking
cigarettes, but just the other day I heard from him,
and he’s convinced his wife has quit smoking cigar-
ettes at last, because he’s now finding cigar butts
around the house.

... the mice were squeaking

But like I say, “It’s a tough station house," but
Jonah’s experience with the whale is proof enough
that you can’t keep a good man down. Everybody
can make a comeback. They even dug King Tut up
after 5000 years.

Yes, I maintain “They’’ should not remove the
Pen. Suppose they do transfer the men in prepara-
tion of demolishing this site. We will probably be
transferred to some “Country Club” as the local
newspapers are wont to say. After inhaling what
passes for fresh air here, I’m sure many of the men
will succumb to the fresh and rarified atmosphere
of some rural area. As things stand here now, you
have to go to the Prison garage to get a breath of
fresh air.

Somehow I lose faith rapidly anymore, with all
this talk about demolishing this old rock pile. Pris-
ons aren’t what they use to be; in fact, | hear the
Warden opens the big front door here every morn-
ing, (now get this) by getting the key from under
the front door mat. So there.

So the place is an old fire trap; that’s no reason
for them to put signs all around saying, “Don’t
Smoke in Bed, the ashes on the floor may be YOU.”

Well, that about covers the situation, outside of
the fact that the new inmates arriving here seem
strange. I have a new cell partner; he’s so shy and
backward, that when I say “good morning” to him,
he can’t think of an answer. To show you what I
mean, he enrolled in school here and was promoted,
just because he was the closest to the correct answer
when the teacher asked,“‘How many legs does a
dog have?” He said three.

Don’t tear this ancient, evil, rat infested roach
trap DOWN. Let this Medieval rock pile stand asa
reminder to future generations, as a monument to
"MAN'S INHUMANITY TO MAN."
