---
id: "827"
title: 'Hooked on "Horse"'
author: "Tasco, Pete"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Hooked on "Horse"
by Pete Tasco

The tragedy and scandal of drug addiction in the
United States is obscured by confusion and ignor-
ance, by conflicting and strongly held opinions on
what it is and how to cope with it.

At one end of the spectrum is the law enforce-
ment view which operates on the premise that the
sale of heroin is illegal; therefore, whoever buys and
uses it is guilty of a criminal conspiracy. And be-
cause of the variety of crimes committed by addicts
to support their habits, law enforcement officials
tend to see addicts as criminals who must be pun-
ished. While the enforcement view is represented in
the main by the Federal Bureau of Narcotics under
national law, the violations are punishable on the
local level by every state in varying degrees.

For instance, in New York there must be proof
of external possession of narcotics, with penalties
ranging (according to the amount seized) from six
months to 15 years. In other states like New Jersey,
Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania, what is called “‘in-
ternal possession’ (under narcosis) is sufficient for
arrest and conviction, with penalties ranging from
5 to 40 years. It is interesting to note, however, that
last year the U. S. Supreme Court voided a California
law which declared it a crime simply to be a drug ad-
dict, without regard for cause of addiction or proof
of irregular behavior. Under such a law, men who
have been wounded in war and had become addicted
to drugs while being treated in government hospitals,
would have been liable for prosecution when they
left the hospitals.

Tough laws and tough law enforcement have little
or no effect in clearing up the drug menace. Be-
leaguered officials periodically put on a show of law
enforcement in larger cities by resorting to multiple,
synchronized raids in various neighborhoods where
it is notoriously easy to buy heroin, or “‘horse’’ as it
is called. Invariably, only small-time addicts and
pushers are rounded up. Wealthy and non-addicted
racketeers who control the illegal drug traffic, sel-
dom, if ever, see the inside of a prison as the result
of such police sorties.

Law enforcement officials operate under the Har-
rison Act of 1914 which, theoretically, only regu-
lates the manufacture, import, and distribution of
narcotics in the United States. In practice the law
has become a criminal and prohibitory rather than
regulatory statute. This interpretation of the law has
had the effect of putting addicts under the jurisdic-
tion of police rather than doctors, who have been
loath to treat addicts for fear of getting into trouble
with the Federal Bureau of Narcotics. Over the
years, doctors have also become afraid of addicts be-
cause they have been held up for drugs. In the
course of some such robberies, those acting in op-
position to the criminal aggression, have been either
brutally beaten or even murdered. The concomitant
result, of course, has been to blur the medical aspects
of addiction and to highlight the crimes committed
to pay for it.

Another, but still legalistic, view of drug addic-
tion is that it should be “legalized” to take the tre-
mendous profit out of the unlawful sale of heroin
and other narcotics. The British system of treating
addicts is pointed to as a sensible and human ap-
proach to the problem. However, addiction is not
legalized in England to the extent that anyone may
buy heroin in a drug store. Instead, an addict is
treated by one doctor who makes every effort to
wean him from his drug habit. Only if that fails are
drugs regularly supplied to him, and there are strict
regulations and precautions on all drug prescriptions.
In a population of some 50 million, there are only
about 400 known addicts in England. (Pep pill or
“goof ball" users are not considered drug addicts,
per se, and therefore not included in this report.)
Critics of the British system say it would be impracti-
cal, except in small experimental groups, in a coun-
try the size of the United States with its larger, more
heterogenous and mobile population and its acquisi-
tive culture which might encourage unscrupulous
doctors, especially those of limited talents, to make
an illicit profit in their right to prescribe addictive
drugs.

Between the two extremes of the Federal Bureau
of Narcotics and the proponents of the British sys-
tem, a growing number of people—doctors, lawyers,
social workers and the clergy—with practical ex-
perience in trying to help addicts, are groping first
toward a better understanding of the problem and
secondly toward better methods of treatment and
rehabilitation. These people see the addict as a sick
person with a deep-rooted personality disorder.
While there is no clinical stereotype which fits all
addicts, psychiatrists have detected a few general
characteristics among them. For example, addicts
are usually impatient people with a low tolerance
for pain of any kind. They want gratification or re-
lief immediately. They also seem to have a tremen-
dous sense of emptiness and inadequacy—-socially,
economically and sexually—an almost total lack of
self-esteem joined with dependent, passive and easily
frustrated temperaments. Though o ft en sensitive
and above average in intelligence, they have the
emotional maturity of a child. In prison, they in-
variably fall prey to the whims and illicit desires of
other inmates. Many of them start using drugs be-
cause they cannot face the challenges, pressures and
turmoil of adult life in society. Heroin neutralizes
the addict’s sense of inadequacy by lifting him out
of the conflicts and troubles of everyday life. It
eliminates his depression, gives him confidence and
also a fantasy life in which he feels that he is impor-
tant. And while it doesn’t make him impotent, her-
oin depresses the addict’s sexual desires to the point
where he is no longer interested in a normal sex life
For the addict, narcotics are a way out of a life that
seems meaningless and fraught with tension, pain
and despair. In prison, even though he has “kicked”
the habit, the addict is invariably the source of con-
siderable trouble. Whether it be a major riot, up-
rising, or common flare-up, the source of the conflict
can be generally traced to the population's addicts.
The idea that the addict, or “‘junkie,”’ as he is called,
is suffering only a pharmacological bondage to her-
oin and that he would stop using it if he were simply
given medical help is for the most part wishful think-
ing. It seems clear from present “‘research’’ that the
addict uses drugs because he likes the way they make
him feel.

Nobody knows exactly how many drug addicts
there are in the United States. Estimates range from
50,000 to 100,000 known addicts; and perhaps
there are an additional 100,000 undetected or un-
reported by the police. Addiction is concentrated in
large industrial areas like Chicago, Detroit, New
York, Los Angeles, and Philadelphia, with a larger
percent of the total in New York than anywhere else.
It is roughly estimated that 80 percent are men be-
tween 18 and 35 years old. The vast majority, per-
haps as high as 90 percent, use heroin, a white, odor-
less crystalline powder manufactured from the waste
matter of morphine, a derivitive of opium. Heroin
may be taken subcutaneously or intravenously; it
may be sniffed like snuff or even rubbed into the
gums. Although some people have been known to
take heroin and not become addicted to it, most of
those who use it become addicts, in a relatively short
time. Whereas addiction to alcohol may take years,
narcotics addiction takes only a matter of weeks or
months; some become “hooked on horse’’ within a
single day. As his system builds up a tolerance for
heroin, the addict must take increasing amounts to
get the same sensation of euphoria, which some ad-
dicts have likened to the same feeling experienced
in a sexual orgasm for some people; or, for others,
a religious ecstasy.

Heroin can be traced to the 19th century, when
it was developed by a German doctor as an antidote
to morphine addiction. When it became apparent
that the cure was worse than the sickness, heroin was
no longer used medically. It is still manufactured,
however, in countries abounding with poppy fields
—Turkey, Thailand, and Mexico. It is neither manu-
factured nor legally imported into the United States.
The illegal traffic in heroin, however, is a multi-
million dollar annual American racket. For example,
a pound of heroin may cost from $500 to $1000
when purchased at the original source. By the time
it is diluted—with baby powder or cocoa and qui-
nine—by sellers or “pushers’’ here, the price soars
to some $400,000 a pound. A single shot of “horse”
diluted and rediluted as it passes from hand to hand
——pusher to pusher—costs an addict about $5. The
addict usually needs about two shots a day, not to
stay ‘high,’ but merely to ward off withdrawal sick-
ness—running eyes, ears, nose, muscular pains, dizzi-
ness, vomiting, diarrhea, and in some cases, convul-
sions. In nearly all cases, the suffering is extremely
real and acute. A few addicts report a daily cost of
$170 to maintain their habits, but the average is $20
to $30 a day. Although some addicts are able to
earn enough legitimately to support their habits,
most are not. Some turn to crime almost immediate-
ly, while others begin by victimizing their own fami-
lies. Once he is “hooked,” the “junkie’’ has passed
the stage where “horse’’ was a luxury or an indul-
gence. He needs it and to get it he will sell his ever-
lasting soul to the devil for a “fix.’’ When the fami-
ly’s patience or money runs out the addict may leave
or be put out. From then on he will resort to burg-
lary, picking pockets, shoplifting, (Cont. on Page 27)
engage in prostitution or homosexuality. Invariably,
he becomes a “‘pusher,” selling rediluted drugs to
other addicts to insure his own supply; even to the
extent of contaminating non-addicts by inducing
them to try a “free’’ sample. Thus addicts are multi-
plied with hare-like frequency.

Conscientious people interested in these aspects
of drug addiction, realize there is no panacea for the
problem; (least of all, filling jails with addicts) that
there are, as yet, no experts in the field, and there is
no easy cure for the disease. These people also re-
alize that the addict must not only have hospital
treatment for withdrawal, but psychiatric treatment
to get at the root of his personality disorder. De-
toxification, as it is called, is a relatively simple proc-
ess. In part, due to the poor quality of the heroin
available on the streets to most addicts, actual phy-
sical dependence is not overly-strong. It is the ex-
tremely strong psychological dependence, however,
that is the real obstacle to breaking the habit.

Because he is so often passive to the point of be-
ing apathetic, the addict, in common with men who
have served long prison terms, needs a lot of direc-
tion and support, sometimes for several years after
he has “kicked” the habit. This need for long-range,
patient treatment, with inevitable lapses, setbacks
and discouragements, however minor or slight, has
generated the notion that narcotics addiction is a
hopeless disease. Actually it isn’t, but so little is
known about it and the percentage of known “‘cures”’
has been so small, that some people are hesitant
about committing government and private funds and
personnel to a project with no ironclad guarantee of
results.

Public impatience and the American penchant for
quick, sure-fire solutions have so far produced noth-
ing but increasing criticism of paroling authorities,
strident demands for stricter law enforcement, and
heavier penalties for these hapless creatures. These
range from sending all addicts to prison for life, or
putting them all “away’’ on an island to, as a last
resort, capital punishment.

Sound familiar?
