---
id: "828"
title: "Only Prisoners Know the Real Prison"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Only 
Prisoners know the real Prison

The real prison is not the one the outsiders know;
the real prison is different.
It is loneliness which sinks its teeth into the souls of
an emptiness which leaves a sick feeling inside.
The real prison is anxiety that pushes and swells,
an uncertainty which smothers and stifles.
It is frustration, futility and indifference.
The real prison suppresess, deadens and crushes,
enclosing a life without meaning;
It is this, and more.
It is without notoriety, without traditional trimmings of plot,
and intrigue and violence.
It is the real prison that is overlooked and unrecorded by newspapers
seldom read of in books, rarely portrayed on the screen
It is where men strive to find the answer to themselves.
The routine of prison which makes merely living, a weary task.
It is a place of both hope and hopelessness;
It is the mute dreams of men who are paying in full the Price of their error.
To many, the real prison is sordidness,
indifference and disappointment.
It is filled with men who have seen too many smoke-filled gin mills
in too many skid rows; too many third-rate hotels in too many cities;
Too many days without beauty; too many tears;
too much darkness without light.
The real prison is more formidable than stone walls,
steel bars and guards.
It almost shouts its contempt for its fumbling society,
of groping humanity that it holds so tight in its grip.
It listens unhearing, unheeding to the cries of the damned.
It is filled with much reason, many causes and results of failure.
The real prison is the place where the full story is never told.
The real prison is the empty feeling that gnaws on the minds,
of those who hope for the letters that never meet the pen.
The real prison is a narrow cell which bears upon its captives
merely by its constant presence.
The strains of a familiar song on the earphones,
stabbing and torturing the memory.
Voices of the lost, emptiness of days, loneliness of nights;
that’s the real prison . . . and only those who have walked
Through hell know its meaning!
