---
id: "829"
title: "Utopia: The Ultimate Evolutionary State of Understanding"
author: "Haas, Jerry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Nature has been responsible for bringing man and
all forms of animal life to their present state; a
unique individual species, with a system of checks
and balances among themselves. This has been ac-
complished through the passing of innumerable
“years of time.’’ Some call it evolution—others cre-
ation, or God's handiwork. The history of this so-
called evolutionary process presents a most fascinat-
ing story, but one which the majority of us consider
only lightly in relation to ourselves and what makes
us "tick."

Members of the Human Race (even prisoners),
should take a more positive interest in the external
and inherent influences which continue to aid our
perpetual functioning in this world. We should fre-
quently inquire into all aspects of man’s nature, as
we find him in today’s
varied societies. While
making this exploration
we must not fail to recog-
nize the possibility that
man might be the product
of a Craftsman. If some
would choose to say the
product of an evolution-
ary process, fine; but
whatever the case, the
processing and production
of this higher animal-pro-
duct continues, though so
slowly, that we are justi-
fied in considering man’s
present status in the pres-
ent-day world as station-
ary, for all practical pur-
poses.

UTOPIA:
the
ultimate
evolutionary
state of
understanding

by Jerry Haas

Someone asks, “What
in terms of time, and pos-
has all this to do with men
in prison?’’ Excellent question.

Let’s consider, momentarily, the prisoner's rela-
tionships to portions of the introductory paragraphs.
Prisoners are certainly a part of humankind, regard-
less of any contrary ideas that some folks hold. As
such, we are part and parcel of this product produced
by a Master Craftsman, or nature. We are, in fact,
some of the Craftsman’s own special handiwork,
even though we exist in this present prisoner cate-
gory. Prisoners are not, however, to be classed as
one of the species of lower animal life. Usually the
prisoner resents the “animal label,’ and whenever
this is implied our ego is injured, thus causing us to
become aroused to anger. Remember, we were not
born into these circumstances—this evolved, as the
result of multiple extenuating circumstances. Have
a right to hold strong feelings against such in-
ferences? Emphatically, yes! Psychologically we
are defending our right to be identified as human
beings, not as lower animals, with no ifs, ands, or
buts. It is necessary to further consider in an objec-
tive, fair way, the factors that have caused us to be
labeled in the lower animal class, as mere “‘animals’’
(with derogatory overtones), by some. These peo-
ple apparently lack adequate insight into the mec-
hanisms that cause all human beings to function the
way they do. First, we have offended our former
society. We've broken their rules, regulations, and
customs. We have erred—some of us purposely,
some of us unintentionally, or because of those ever-
existing, extenuating circumstances. There are those
who have performed their misdeeds in a heinous
manner. Some are victims
of emotional and/or men-
tal illnesses, and our par-
ticular illness (or the ef-
fect caused by it) just
happens to be illegal in
the eyes of free society.
Consequently, we have
been placed in one of the
distinctly separate and
highly controlled societies,
which has inhabited this
old earth for sometime
st ate of kaa eats We have
een told to live in a so-
ciety within a_ society.
Having been caught of-
fending, we must be pun-
ished and pay the price
for our particular offense
in terms of time, and pos-
sibly through certain mon-
etary assessments called “fines.” The collection
agency representing our former society is called a
“COURT,” and they are also charged with adminis-
tering its rules. Prisoners must pay with time and/or
money—even their lives in some cases—because our
former society, which is made up of men like our-
selves, and subject to human error, human weak-
nesses, guilt complexes, and guilt reactions, is a so-
ciety that believes essentially, “An eye for an eye;
a tooth for a tooth." The concept is perhaps just, in
a sense, but the “modus operandi” appears to lack
equality, as regards the method of treatment and sen-
tencing for various types of offenses, in a modern so-
ciety which claims to place emphasis on rehabilita-
tion. But this involves another story which is well
known.

Where do the answers to these multiple problems
lie—problems created as a result of the actions of
we social offenders? Some prisoners will no doubt
respond with the frequently used, “They (uncaught
society) must understand us"; or, “They must be
educated." This is true. But we members of this
separate “set-aside’’ society, also realize that we
must learn to understand ourselves, and be willing
to recognize our own problems. We know that
punishment, deprivation, and human suffering is not
rehabilitation; and since free society has wisely ac-
cepted the idea that rehabilitation is the aim, then
it is up to that society to insure the availability of
adequate funds, for the proper facilities and treat-
ment. Treatment that will enhance our recognition
of the very things that caused us to operate as we
did—contrary to the “other’’ society from which we
have been excluded. For it has been proven that in
the treatment of any problem—mental, physical,
emotional (whatever)——the cause must be estab-
lished before any cure can be effected. The solution
is not simply for the offender to give up and say, “If
you can’t fight 'em, join ’em,” for this is mere ac-
quiesence, and even though he may be sincerely re-
pentant at the moment, even we offenders are ready
to admit that this is not good insurance against re-
cidivism, whereas true rehabilitation IS. It is a mat-
ter of knowing we belong to a system that calls for
this higher animal to function as a higher animal
should, as opposed to the living habits of the lower
species of animal life, in which we have been classed.

There are numerous methods to be employed,
even now, so that we can overcome our present,
seemingly stationary status. Some of these methods
might be found within our own thought processes.
They are available to us through what the psycholo-
gists call, “introspection.’’ Some are available in the
form of helps, such as spiritual counseling and psy-
chotherapy. But the most important consideration
can be stated in the form of a question: Are pris-
oners, as members of the human animal species, will-
ing to make certain necessary adjustments through
understanding in order to conform to the expecta-
tions of our former and, quite possibly, our future
society?

Prisoners must be encouraged to be flexible, and
still maintain most of their individual principles.
They must learn how to be comfortable and satisfied
without causing others of the species discomfort, and
even misery. We prisoners must be given the oppor-
tunity to understand how to look upon ourselves in
the same manner that the majority of our former so-
ciety looks upon us. If these problems are approach-
ed in a positive manner, and with honest-to-goodness
effort, prisoners may then find open to them new
vistas of great understanding, of not only their own
problems and the nature thereof, but the problems
which our former society must cope with may then
be viewed more objectively.

Thus the process continues. I believe eventually
an evolutionary change will take place within each
person afflicted with this present environment, and
all around us the members of our species in their
varied societies will begin to look differently to us,
even though this evolution seems to occur, Oh, so
slowly........
