---
id: "830"
title: "Profile"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Profile

Through a window in the wall (The Eastern Echo), we are presenting
Walter Gala, Inmate Nurse, not as we think he should be, but as he had pre-
sented himself over a period of fourteen years. His achievements have been
of his own doing, and his efforts have been constantly directed toward the day
that he can become a productive and useful citizen. Like many others here, he
has hopes that by showing what he can accomplish if given the chance, the
chance might be given.

Walter is not the type to simply vegetate or ‘‘mark-time’’ while in prison;
instead, he has made constructive use of his time. He has a commendable, al-
truistic attitude toward his work, consisting of many and varied hospital duties,
which he has performed so well for over nine years. A hard worker, he has prov-
en his stability as well as his loyalty, by staying on the job and making himself
available whenever he was needed. This in itself is indicative that he has met
the challenge of society to justify his request for acceptance.

Through the window in the wall, you will understand that we of the
“Echo” staff are guilty of slanting our material to represent the best of us and
our side of the case. However, in Walter Gala’s case we do not believe that any
truth is lost by doing so, since our readership consists of that small minority of
society directly interested and qualified to judge for themselves the worthiness
of these facts and opinions. The uninterested majority, never seeing or hearing
any dissenting opinions, naturally accepts the views of a sometimes even more
prejudiced free press or commentator.

The following commendation is taken verbatum from a letter received by
Walter Gala:

SUBJECT: Commendation     DATE:
TO: Walter Gala
FROM: William Banmiller

Superintendent, E.S.P.

I wish personally to commend you for the excellent service that
you rendered in taking care of the patients during the recent virus
epidemic which was prevalent in this institution.

The Medical Director has informed me that you worked way
beyond the call of duty in this work. We gained much experience on
this and through your untiring efforts were able to avert a serious
epidemic.

This shall be made part of your record and you are free to show
this to the staff when you are considered for parole or commutation.

Walter also holds a special letter of commendation from Dr. I.H. Sokolic,
F.A.C.S. Adjunct, Dept. of Surgery, Albert Einstein Medica! Center, for assist-
ing in carrying out research in the Atom Bomb radiation flash burns, which was
sponsored in part by both the U.S. Army and Navy De- 
partments, Washington, D.C. This research was per-
formed here at Eastern State Correctional Institu-
tion in August of 1960. The letter reads:

To Whom it May Concern:

Mr. Walter Gala, an inmate at Eastern State
Penitentiary, was associated with our group in
evaluating treatment of major and minor burns.

I can say the men were completely depend-
able, extremely cooperative and pleasant to
work with. Their job was long and arduous.
and required working at unnecessary periods
of the day.

I have nothing but the highest regards for
him.

Sincerely yours,
Irvin H. Sokolic, M.D.
Adjunct, Dept. of Surgery

Walter's everyday job here is the highly skilled
job of sterilization of all surgical instruments and
operating room supplies. He is an important mem-
ber of the operating room team, and assists in Or-
thopedic, Ophthalmology, and Plastic Surgery cases,
in addition to his general nursing duties on ear, nose
and throat treatments, plus his services in the emer-
gency clinic. He is also the recipient of a diploma
for Civil Defense First Aid.

This is Walter Gala, inmate E-1239.

We will avoid the trite phrases, the dull platitudes
and the pragmatic sentences, as well as the oft ma-
ligned “‘Rehabilitated.”’ The facts speak for them-
selves. Walt is ready, willing, and very able to justi-
fy his request for acceptance .. . . anywhere.
