---
id: "831"
title: "Brotherly Love"
author: "McAndrews, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PHOTOGRAPH BY FABIAN BACHRACH

"Grant that in these times, when men
are tested and tensions are adamant, we
may have the deepening convictions that
we do not have to walk alone."

- Anon.-

Brotherly Love

by Thomas McAndrews

The above quotation brings to mind a man who
does everything humanly possible, in his never-end-
ing effort to help people and see that they do not
have to walk alone. It is a pleasure and indeed a
privilege to unfold this story .....

Periodically throughout the year, just as sure as
the leaves fall from the trees during the Golden
Month of Harvest, a group of men are seen walking
through the maze of alleys and by-ways that are
inter-laced between the cell-blocks, shops, and build-
ings of this institution. They are on their way to the
Synagogue for religious services and an informal chat
with the man who is walking with them. HE IS A
SMALL MAN IN STATURE ONLY! His sparse
white hair sprinkles over his head like freshly fallen
snow on a mountain-top and the glasses he wears can
never conceal the dancing joy he experiences as he
takes another stride toward the unlimited faith and
trust that he has in people—regardless of their reli-
gion, race or creed.

Like many of his contemporaries, who subsequent-
ly went on to become great humanitarians, he gladly
heaps upon himself the responsibility of providing
his fellow man with any and all help within the mar-
gin of feasible reasoning.

He belongs to an illustrious company of both men
and women who have done so much for so many in
return for so little, and his only dividend is to realize
that someone he has helped has made the most of
his kindness and has gone on to better things in life.

As the group of men reach the Synagogue and seat
themselves in a circle about this man, the tensions
of everyday prison life are temporarily melted away
by the infectious smile which is a constant part of Mr.
Bernard Watman’s character.

After shaking the hand of everyone present and
inquiring as to each man’s welfare, Bernie (as he
likes to be called by one and all) then conducts a
religious service with a serene, sincere and devoted
attitude and approach that enthralls the group of
men, and instills within the souls of those in attend-
ance, a sense of well being and gratitude.

At the conclusion of the service Bernie will tell
stories relating to current events, local news which
he feels will be of interest to men whose homes are
in the city of Philadelphia, and monitor a question
and answer session between himself and the men. He
generally colors his conversation with a shade of
humor whenever he can because he seems to know
that laughter is a rare commodity “behind the wall.”

He has the enviable trait of speaking to a crowd
and making each person feel as though he is being
spoken to as an individual. His visits are enjoyed so
very much by everyone that it seems only a day or so
after his last visit when the question arises among
the men, “I wonder when Bernie will be in again?”

Born and raised in Philadelphia, he has for years
been a reputable and highly respected business man
in his community. And although the small depart-
ment store he owns takes up a good portion of his
time, he nevertheless finds the time to visit not only
this institution, but also Holmesburg Prison, the
State Correctional Institution at CGraterford, the
County Prison, and various
schools, hospitals and orphanages in the County and
out-lying districts.

This type of work is not a passing fancy with
Bernie. He began rather early in life when he ac-
cepted a position to manage a recreation center and
athletic club for the youngsters, and as time went
by he was called on many times in counselling the
youth of that era. Always congenial, with that price-
less and easy sense of communication which comes
from informality, his philanthropies have spread
from central city to secluded suburbs and have be-
come a perpetual part of his everyday life.

As he grows older, the urge to help people also
grows within him and it will never subside. Only
recently, as he was leaving the institution after one
of his many visits, he was overheard saying, “I love
this work and I cannot wait until the day | retire from
active business life because then I can devote all my
time to it.”

If it were possible to view his life in photographic
sequence it would be an endless panorama of good
deeds performed totally from the goodness of his
heart, with not one single thought of retribution.

Aside from his many private endeavors, which
for the most part are behind the scene, Bernie's pub-
lic life is also closely associated with charitable work.
His resourcefulness and versatility have found ex-
pression in his extra-curricular activities and his in-
fluence is felt throughout the many organizations and
business groups with which he is identified. He is a
member of the Federation of Jewish Charities, a lay-
man of the Jewish Chaplain’s Service and an ardent
fund raiser for the Allied Jewish Appeal. In Decem-
ber of 1962 Bernie was appointed to serve as Vice
Chairman of the Allied Jewish Appeal’s Metropoli-
tan Division, Region 1. This organization, in con-
junction with the Federation of Jewish Agencies,
raised 4.9 million dollars for charitable distribution
throughout the world in 1962.

Mr. Bernard Watman is a man of whom his family
and friends are immensely proud. He is a man for
the needy and under-privileged to be thankful for,
and he is a man who greatly typifies the BROTHER-
LY LOVE which is so much a part of him and the
City of Philadelphia.
