---
id: "832"
title: "The Card Detective"
author: "Tasco, Pete"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
the
card
detective

by Pete Tacso

Con-men, crooks, and card cheats,
in common with other people, enjoy a
vacation in the mountains. The only
difference is that these characters com-
bine business with pleasure. For in-
stance, resort hotels are happy hunting-
grounds for paste-board jugglers. All
of which is old stuff to a retired private
eye euphoniously known to the sharpies
as Bloodhound Thomas of Dade Coun-
ty. Some of the finest resorts in the
Catskills were in his territory before he
retired to the Florida sunshine. Rare,
indeed, was the day when the cop-for-
hire didn’t hear at least one bleat from
a sheared lamb.

However, when only a small amount of money
was involved, the suspect generally could be scared
into returning the loot, and no arrest was made.
That’s how Bloodhound Thomas operated with con-
siderable success. But occasionally a conniver like
Big Omaha Frank of more daring audacity, just
didn’t quail. In that case Thomas was required to
gather the evidence of chicanery. And sleuth it
down, he invariably did.

Bloodhound was always surprised at the clumsi-
ness of the cheats; the simple devices used to fleece
gullible victims. Where were the clever cardsters
he'd read about? Where were the suave tricksters
with fool-proof schemes> Were they figments of
the imagination, conjured up by sensation-seeking
novelists? Bloodhound had just about concluded
that this was so, when he met Big Omaha, an itiner-
ant cattle dealer from the Midlands. Perhaps it
would be better to say that Bloodhound met Neal
DeGoss, a retired stockbroker, because he came first.
DeGoss, like numerous others, had complained that
he’d been uchered. Unlike the others, however, he
didn’t want his money back.

“l've been playing gin rummy with a character
known as Big Omaha Frank for more than a week,”
DeGoss told Bloodhound, ‘‘and I’ve lost an average
of $500 a day. He got so lucky, I got suspicious and
had my New York office check on him. They turned
up proof he’s an old-time con-man—a former razzle-
dazzle operator and count store agent of the Great
American Shows. He even had one of his fingers
shot off by a fellow-pitchman for peeping in cracker-
jack boxes. Anyway, I kept on playing because I
simply wanted to find out how the cheating was
done. So far, I've learned absolutely nothing.

“I don’t want,” he continued, “Omaha arrested.
I don’t even want my losses returned. I only want
to satisfy my curiosity. Can I engage you to keep an
eye on the game? Perhaps you can learn what's
what.”

Highly irregular thought the detective, and also
highly interesting. He agreed to kibitz and see what
he could see.

“We play on the hotel veranda every afternoon
from two to five," explained the retired stockbroker.
“Almost always in the west wing. I think it best you
join us seemingly by accident. I’m certain Omaha
is aware of my suspicions, but I don’t want to fright-
en him away until I’ve learned his secret.”

So it was the detective who spent the next after-
noon watching the two men play gin. That game
was one for the books. DeGoss, the victim, knew he
was being uchered. Omaha, con-man extraordinary,
knew he was being watched. Thomas, the hired de-
tective, knew only that he didn’t know enough.

Big Omaha Frank was of tremendous build. But
he was mild of manner and speech, agile and alert
despite his apparent age of 60. His eyesight must
have been good because he wore no glasses. How-
ever, it was self-evident he was deaf, as he used a
conventicnal hearing aid. In clear view were bat-
teries in his shirt pocket and button in his ear. Ordin-
arily, he was not the type of man one would suspect
of being a card cheat. The astute private eye, how-
ever, had learned long before his retirement, that in
matters of this kind, appearances are often decep-
tive.

The day passed without incident. Big Omaha
Frank played like a master. He seldom threw a card
his opponent could use; never threw one that meant
gin. It was almost as though he were a mind reader.
His opponent's losses were accelerated and multi-
plied. The victim seemed to enjoy it immensely. He
was obviously a “good loser.” He paid off with a
smile and new, crisp 100-dollar bills. Frank would
invariably return the smile with equal cordiality.

The hired sleuth had to admit to himself he had
seen nothing wrong. However, he did manage to
eliminate several possibilities. He was sure Omaha
Frank wasn’t manipulating the cards; the missing
finger an obvious impediment. Nor was the deck
marked. Nevertheless, Omaha seemed to know ex-
actly what cards his opponent held. How he got
the knowledge was the problem. The most obvious
answer was—through a confederate.

The physical setup seemed to preclude such skull-
duggery. DeGoss had been seated with his back
against the rail with no one behind him. Fifty feet
distant was the veranda of the East Wing. The de-
tective had watched carefully, and was sure that none
of the players there had paid undue attention to De-
Goss. Even if there were a spy on the opposite
porch, he couldn't possibly see DeGoss’ hand. And
if a confederate did know DeGoss’ cards, how could
he convey that information to Big Omaha?

The card detective slept little that night. He
tossed and turned, seeking a possible answer. He
found none. Came lunch time, and he hurried back
to the perplexing game. An hour, two hours passed,
and the sleuth was still without a clue. Then just be-
fore the game broke up he got his first break.

The batteries for Omaha's hearing aid were visi-
ble in his shirt pocket. The card detective kept look-
ing at them, sensing something amiss. Suddenly it
dawned on him. The lever that worked the bat-
teries was horizontal—in the off position. The hear-
ing aid was a phony. Hiding what? The detective
couldn’t be certain, but he figured it was a receiving
set.

That meant there was a confederate who could
see DeGoss’ hand and had a method of signaling
Big Omaha. Now he knew what was doing. All he
had to find out was who, what, where, and when?

The following day the card detective got another
break. He was concentrating on the veranda across
the way. Hoping to spot someone acting suspicious-
ly, when out of the corner of his eye he saw a mo-
mentary flash in a third story window. Instantly he
knew what it was—reflected sunlight from a pair of
binoculars.

He counted the windows. The fifth one from the
corner. That would be room 299. He hurried to the
desk. Room 299 was occupied by a Rev. Wilson
Ridgeway, an itinerant preacher and part-time Indian
from Oklahoma.

A few minutes later, the pale-faced detective was
opening the red-faced preacher's door with a pass
key. There was no time to hide the evidence. Seated
in an easy chair by the window was Omaha Frank’s
confederate, powerful binoculars slung over his
shoulder, an army walkie-talkie by his side.

No arrests were made. The cheats got their liber-
ty and the victims got the secret. A fair exchange,
De Goss thought, is no robbery. However, a short
time later, it was reported that Omaha, the itinerant
cattle dealer and con-man extraordinary, and his
part-time Indian confederate with a bent for preach-
ing on the virtues of honesty, were last seen setting
up their tepee in Alcatraz—for passing crisp, new,
counterfeit 100-dollar bills.

The story was smoke-signaled to the proofreader’s
desk from the bindery by a full-blooded Cherokee
Indian Chief, who swears by his everlasting wampum
belt, that the whole story is the “damn yankee
truth."
