---
id: "833"
title: "Motion Picture Blues"
author: "Cantoral, Socrates R. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Motion Picture Blues

by Socrates R. Cantoral
& Harry R. Zeitz

In hopeful anticipation of an uninterrupted, relax-
ing movie, I took my place on the hard bench in our
small drafty Chapel. I immediately launched into
my weekly inner debate on what to do with my coat
this week. I could leave it on and keep my body at
a comfortable temperature or place it on my seat
and keep my posterior reasonably comfortable. As
usual, I decided to alternate; keep my body warm
for fifteen minutes and then alleviate the pain be-
neath me for fifteen minutes, and so on. Because
the benches are not gradually elevated from front to
rear, the coat serves a two-fold purpose; when seated
upon it, I could also see the screen. This accom-
plished, I settled back, anxiously awaiting, “Who
Shot Liberty Val-
lance?”

The lights went out
and the introduction
flashed on the screen .
.. but wait, the names
are not legible... .
and where is the
sound? “‘Oh brother,”’
I thought, “here we go
again. The young
man next to me was
rubbing his eyes with
both hands and shak-
his head. “Poor fel-
low,’ I thought, “‘he’s
new, and thinks his
eyes have gone wack-
ey.”

“Take it easy, pal,
this happens almost every week. There's nothing
wrong with your eyes,” I assured him.

By now the picture was almost in focus, but where
was the sound? “Sound up," someone hollered.
Others took up the chant, “Sound up, sound up.” It
seemed like everyone was hollering. Finally the
moving lips on the screen uttered words. The words
were barely audible, but as the audience slowly quiet-
ed down, I began to make them out. "Oh well,” I
thought, “we only missed the first five minutes this
time and that’s better than usual.’’ I suddenly be-
came acutely aware of the hardness beneath me,
shifted a bit, then settled back to enjoy the flick.

An elderly gentleman and his wife were on the
screen viewing the remains of a dear departed friend.
Four shots rang out, followed in rapid succession
by a burst seemingly from a machine gun. “Oh this
can't be,” I told myself, “not in a cowboy picture.”
Unable to immediately connect the shots to the pic-
ture, I soon had the mystery solved—the steam
pipes in the Laundry beneath the Chapel were act-
ing up again. I had forgotten them since last winter.
The rapid fire had stopped and now they banged out
a steady tom-tom beat, rendering every third word
of dialogue inaudible. "They'll stop soon,’’ I tried
to assure myself. I was really irritated now, but still
hoping for the best. My attention was drawn from
the “tom-toms’’ as the picture abruptly jumped—the
bottom half of the
picture was now at the
top half of the screen,
and the top half was
at the bottom of the
screen. The picture
was cut in half hori-
zontally by a thick
black line. The audi-
ence began to moan,
holler and whistle,
once again. Just as
the groaning reached
its peak, the picture
was straightened and
all was well again. |
shifted a bit once
more, and cursed the
“tom-toms" which
were still playing their
monotonous time. I
was starting to feel chilly now, so I decided it was
time to put my combination “‘coat-cushion’’ on, and
warm up a bit. The “tom-toms’’ were gradually sub-
siding now, so I hoped I was set for awhile. It was
wishful thinking. During the next eighty minutes
the following irritating incidents occurred: twice the
picture left the screen completely; five times the
sound went too low to hear; five times the picture
became dark—a night scene in the daytime; and
once the picture was interrupted for about ten min-
utes when the film broke.

Without a doubt every inmate who reads this has
shared my experience at one or more of our movies;
and most of you blame our pro-
jectionists for these mishaps every week.

It is my intention in this article to defend these
men and point out to you what really is to blame.
Our current projection crew consists of Joseph An-
toniewicz, Socrates Cantoral, Felix Capone and Bel-
isario Cantoral. Joe and Socrates are both licensed
projectionists, and all four men are highly qualified
and experienced operators. The equipment they
work with is thirty-five years old; it was installed
the same year Lindburg first spanned the Atlantic.
Most worn and broken parts for the machinery are
obsolete, cannot be purchased, and must be salvaged
from theatres which discarded this type of equip-
ment twenty years ago. The amplification system
is so obsolete that one major mishap and we will be
without movies at all. The noticeable volume change
we experience every eighteen minutes, is due to this
faulty and erratic amplification system. It is only the
skill of our operators that keeps it as good as it is.
Only new equipment can correct it. Without a syn-
chronized monitor in the projection booth, the oper-
ator has no way of telling when the volume is not
right. It is sad indeed, that we must holler and yell
in order to inform the operator that he must adjust
the volume, but with the present system, it is the
only way. Quite often the picture will disappear
from the screen completely with the sound continu-
ing. This is caused when a small motor fails to keep
two carbons properly spaced. The operator has no
control whatsoever over this.

Because of this obsolete equipment, our choice of
films is restricted to the old and third rate, for we
don’t have the facilities to project the newer, up to
date cinamascope size films. These old films are dry
and brittle and break quite often. The operator can
do nothing but splice the film and continue the show.
In almost every instance when something goes
wrong, it is the fault of the old, worn-out and obso-
lete equipment. Not only do our projectionists keep
machinery running that should have been discarded
twenty years ago, but they do an excellent job. Let’s
remember the next time something goes wrong, what
is really at fault and commend, rather than criticize
our harried operators.
