---
id: "834"
title: "Sunday Tempest"
author: "ROUSE, Frank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
SUNDAY TEMPEST
by Frank Rouse T

“We don’t want no ex-convicts in
our town, mister. So if ya know what's
good for ya, you'll pack up and get
out, or we'll see that you get sent back
where ya belong. Don’t see why that
old fool Spinelli took ya on in the first
place.”

That’s what young Flint told me
when I went into his hardware store
to buy three pounds of 114 inch alum-
inum nails and twenty yards of chicken
wire. There were about eight or ten
townspeople in the store at the time,
and although they remained silent,
their once friendly faces turned to
stone. I completed my purchase and
left the store without a word, except
for a “thank you.” It wouldn't do for
a paroled convict to engage in any
hostilities with UPSTANDING CITI-
ZENS, especially in their own baliwick.

I was stunned. How did Flint find
out, and why should he be a monkey
on my back. He was one of the wealth-
iest citizens of Templeton, with sever-
al valuable real estate holdings. He
had every reason to be benevolent, and
yet he was openly hostile to me, in a
select group. I knew that for obvious
reasons I would certainly avoid Mr.
Flint.

I usually stop at the diner and have
a cup of coffee and a chat with Mar-
cia, but today I decided to head right
back. When I arrived at the farm, I
took the wire and nails out to where
Mr. Spinelli and I were building an ex-
tension to the already quite long chick-
en coop.

Nick (Mr. Spinelli insisted I call him
Nick shortly after I came here) had
selected me from a group of tentative
parole cases who, at his request, wrote
a short essay: “Why I Would Like To
Work On A Chicken Farm.” I didn’t
know it was a job contest when they
requested we write the essay in the
prison school. I was flabbergasted
when the prison officials told me I had
a job here when I made parole, if I
wanted it. The only thing I knew
about chickens was that they lay eggs
and tasts good, fried. Well, in the
seven weeks I've been here, I’ve learn-
ed a lot more about chickens and eggs.
I had even begun to feel quite happy
and contented here.

I told Nick what had happened at
Flint’s store and suggested to him that
I leave the farm, and Templeton. He
said “No, Tom, you-a stay. I no want-
a you should-a go. You like-a my son,
now. Never mind-a what-a Flint-a
say, he no make-a da trouble for me
or-a you. Please-a Tom," (Incidently,
my name is Thomas Randall) “you
stay-a with me. You like-a my son.”
He was almost in tears.

I was touched by Nick’s display of
emotion. I didn’t realize he felt this
way, and I did like the old man and
the farm; also, Templeton and Marcia.
Especially Marcia. So I told Nick I
would stay despite Mr. Flint. I would
merely avoid him, and maybe it would
all pass.

The following day was Sunday, Mar-
cia’s day off. We had made plans to
drive to Newell, the County Seat, to
take in the County Fair. Boy, she
looked stunning in her starched blouse,
pleated skirt, and wide brimmed pic-
ture hat. Marcia already knew about
me, so I didn’t feel awkward with her.
I told her about my episode with Mr.
Flint, and my talk with Nick, and how
confused I was.

“I think you should know this,” she
said. ‘‘My sister Stella worked for Ed
Flint for about two years. He was
kind and considerate and loved her
dearly. And she loved him in her own
way, I suppose. They had made plans
for a June wedding last year. About
a week before the wedding, Stella
eloped with Joe, Nick’s son, who had
come home in April, from where, I
don’t know, but I can guess. Anyway,
Joe and Stella went to Chicago for a
honeymoon. On the way back they
had an accident and were killed. Nick
and I were sick with grief, but you
can imagine how Ed Flint took all
this. He changed completely, to what
he is now, harsh and cruel, buying
limited friendship in this small com-
munity with wealth and power.”

“Wow,” I said, ““Now I get it. I see
why Flint doesn’t like Nick, me, or
maybe even you. Well, I don’t know
what to do about it right now, so let's
forget it and have some fun at the
fair.

“O.K.” she said, and slipped her
arm through mine as she gave me a
real sweet smile.

Suddenly I looked up through the
rear view mirror and saw a large sedan
barrelling up the road behind us, and
almost immediately I recognized it as
Flint’s. He was driving like a demon
possessed. I wanted to get off the
road, but there was no place to go.
The narrow shoulder had a low guard-
rail and the rocky slope beyond ad-
joined some low farm lands. I was
panicky, not for myself but for Mar-
cia. | knew he could see her through
the pickup’s rear window. I could see
the wicked sneer on his face as he
thundered up behind us. His face
contorted into a wierd laugh as he
swerved out to pass the pickup. With
a final burst of speed he hurtled past
the truck and immediately swung in
to cut us off. | wasn’t driving too fast
and was able to stop out of danger of
his lunge. Flint’s front wheel hit the
narrow soft shoulder, lurched once,
twice, and then crashed through the
guardrail, rolled over and over, bounc-
ed off several large boulders, and came
to a stop about seventy five yards
from the road. Almost immediately,
the car burst into flames with a loud
swoosh.

I sprang from the pickup, leaped
the guardrail, and plunged down the
slope, with Marcia screaming for me
to come back. I kept going, slipped
on some weeds, and fell. My shoulder
hit a large rock with a crunch. I al-
most fainted from the blinding pain.
With spasmotic efforts, I finally reach-
ed the blazing car and luckily was
able to drag Flint out of the battered,
burning wreck. We were both aflame
now. I was thrashing wildly at flames
on both of us when Marcia came stum-
bling up to us with tears streaming
down her face. Sobbing openly, she
began to beat our smouldering clothes
with her picture hat, and before |
passed out, I looked at her firmly and
said, “Marcia, it was an accident.
Understand?”

It was a miracle, but neither Flint
nor I was severely injured or burned.
I had become somewhat of a celebrity.
Nick came to Newell to see me about
three times a week. But best of all,
Marcia stayed in Newell and spent
every possible minute with me. It was
dificult to caress her, though, with
one arm in a sling and the other one
bandaged.

The day I was to be discharged from
the hospital, Nick and Marcia were
with me when an orderly wheeled
Flint into my room. He looked pathet-
ic, almost like an Egyptian mummy.
Marcia glowered at him, and Nick mut-
tered some choice Italian oaths.

“I don’t know how I can thank you
for everything,” he said, “but I'm
going to try. I want you,” he said to
me, ‘all of you,’ as his eyes swept
the room, “to be my friends. I know
I don’t deserve it, but I would appreci-
ate it very much,” he continued. There
were tears in his eyes. The ice slow-
ly melted and Nick and Marcia gave
Flint a warm smile. “Please, Tom,”
he said to me as he handed me the
deed, ‘‘I want you to have the farm
across the road from Nick's. You
might be needing a place of your own
pretty soon." Marcia squealed with
delight and I winced when she squeez-
ed my arm. “And,” Flint said, “I’ve
started heavy work on getting you a
full pardon.”

I opened my mouth to speak, when
he said, “Don’t say anything, Tom,
please. We'll talk some more later.”
And with a signal, the orderly wheeled
him out of the room.

As we three walked down the hos-
pital steps to the pickup, I could hear
a distant church bell peal. It was
Sunday again, but a Sunday free of
storm.
