---
id: "835"
title: "Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Musician's 
Corner

by Frederick Adams

Regardless of how or by whom jazz is defined, the
term “improvisation” will enter the definition. It is
the one distinguishing feature of jazz. Modern classi-
cal music will employ syncopation, flattened thirds
and sevenths and still not be jazz. It is improvisa-
tion, also, that separates jazz from the popular music
of the stage, screen, and juke box. Most popular
music today is closer to classical music than to jazz.
Popular music can be closely compared to the “light
classical’’ selections or the musical comedy numbers
that add filler and popularity to many band and or-
chestral programs.

As the playing musician advances and undertakes
more advanced music, the borderline into jazz will
be crossed. Today, jazz compositions fall into sev-
eral categories. There is “Dixieland” in which the
members of the band jointly improvise around the
melody and where individual members take impro-
vised solos. There is modern, small ensemble jazz
(trio to septet) in which the theme is stated by all
instruments (frequently in unison) and then an im-
provised solo is taken by two or more members of
the ensemble. The number is completed by a re-
statement of the theme. Finally there is big band
jazz which closely resembles the ensemble format
with the exception that it is much more completely
arranged with introductions, themes, interlude ma-
terial, coda, and solo space of a determined length
allowed to several of the instruments.

The question arises as to how improvisation can
be taught or developed. In order to answer that ques-
tion a brief discussion of the nature of improvisation
is necessary.

"To improvise" means generally to perform in an
impromptu manner or without previous preparation.
A closer look at the term “‘improvisation’”’ as it is ap-
plied to jazz, would reveal that there are several
ways in which it can be applied. The improvised
chorus can remain close to the melody with the only
changes being in the time values and rhythmic posi-
tioning of the notes. The performer can go a step
further and change some of the notes or phrases in
the melody. In going this far the performer has not
really improvised or played something new and of
his own spontaneous creation. To improvise in the
fullest sense, the performer will leave the melody en-
tirely and concern himself with the chord progres-
sions upon which the original melody was built. He
will create a new melody using the chords of the pa-
rent melody as a point of departure. This type of
improvisation or composition can be completely on
the spur of the moment, or it can be the result of
partial predetermination in so far as the notes are
played in a certain order since they are part of an
arpeggio, scale or riff pattern that has been worked
out or learned previously. Some performers possess
the ability to improvise without depending upon
such automatic responses, but rather they have the
inborn ability to play the changes without thinking
out what they are doing. Such individuals have al-
ready taken great steps on the road to improvisation.
His art can be improved with playing and listening
experience and with the study of the theoretical as-
pects of improvisation. This situation is similar to the
natural talent of the painter who possesses creative
ability that can be refined, directed, and developed.
Other musicians can, by a study of the theory of im-
provisation, gain some dexterity in this matter. They
can reach the point where they can produce a tech-
nically correct artifact. It is jazz improvisation, but
it lacks the spark of genius or creativity to make it
great jazz. The more the musician listens, studies,
and copies, the better his product will become. A
great many soloists today fall into this category,
just as a great many painters produce enjoyable,
technically correct, if uninspired works.

The musician should be encouraged along these
lines as he will progress and will be creating original
works of art which carry with them the internal sat-
isfaction of creation. ome ees

The following is an outline of a method that could
be followed by the musician as he attempts to grasp
the technical tools of improvisation. The ability to
use these techniques can only come from experience
in improvising—and the ideas must come from the
originality and artistic ability of the musician:

1. He should know and memorize all major and
minor scales; be able to play them successive-
ly around the cycle of keys or chromatically.

2. He should have a theoretical knowledge of
intervals, their names and alterations; know
what is meant by a major, minor, diminished
or augmented 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 7th; by a
perfect, diminished, or augmented 4th and
5th.

3. He should know the types of chords, their
interval construction and representative sym-
bols.
Major: root—major 3rd—perfect 5th (C)
Minor: root—minor 3rd—perfect 5th (Cm
or C-)
Diminished: root—minor 3rd——diminished
5th (Cdim. or C°)
Augmented: root—major 3rd—augmented
5th (C aug. or C+)
Major 7th: root—major 3rd—perfect 5th
major 7th (C maj. 7 or C M 7)
Minor 7th: root—minor 3rd—perfect 5th
—minor 7th (Cm7 or C-7)
Diminished 7th: root—minor 3rd—dimin-
ished 5th—diminished 7th (C dim 7 or C°
7)

4. He should know the common extentions or
alterations of the above mentioned chords.

Major chords may be extended by adding a
major 6th (C6)

Minor chords may be extended by adding
a major 6th or a major 9th (Cm6 or Cm9)

Minor 7th chords may be extended by add-
ing a major 9th or a major 11th (Cm9 or
Cm11)

Diminished chords may be extended by
adding a major 9th (C°9)

Augmented chords may be extended by
adding a minor 7th or a minor 9th (C+7
or C+ (-9) )

5. He should practice the progressions or
changes between chords as they will be found
in solo chord charts. Any good sounding
arpeggiated running of the chord may be
used. These progressions should be practiced
following the cycle of keys or chromatic ex-
ercises. The following examples given are
merely patterns that may be used or adapted:

Practice changes from minor 7th chord to
dominant 7th chord. (Cm/7 to F7)

Practice changes from minor 9th chord to
dominant 9th chord. (Cm9 to F9)

Practice running the dominant 7th aug-
mented 11th. (C7+11)

Practice running the incomplete dominant
7th with flatted 9th. (C7-9)
(In this chord no root is used. It sounds
like a diminished 7th chord built on the 3rd
of the dominant chord.) (like E°7)

Practice changes from minor 7th to domin-
ant 7th chords with flatted 5th in each
chord. (Cm7 (b5) to F7 (b5))

Practice running all dominant 7th chords
with augmented 9ths. (C7+9)

Practice running all dominant 7th chords
with augmented 5ths. (C7+5)

Practice running all dominant 7th chords
with augmented 5th and augmented 11th
(C7+5+9)

6. He should practice the chord changes men-
tioned above with the scalic passages instead
of arpeggios. In order to do this, become
familiar with the scales based on the various
chords.

7. He should become familiar with blues pro-
gressions. They should be memorized in the
common keys where they will usually appear
(C, F, Bb, Eb, Ab, and G). Three sets of
progressions are given here in the key of C.
Each is progressively more complicated, but
they are all basically the same.

||: C | C | C | C |
| F | F | C | C |
| G | G | C | C :||

||: CM6 | F9 | CM6 | C9 | F7 |
| F7 | Em7 | A7 | Dm7 | G7 |
| CM7 C#°7 | Dm7 G7 :||

||: CM7 | Bm7 Em7 | Am7 D7 |
| Gm7 C7 | FM7 | Fm7 | Em7 A7 |
| Ebm7 Ab7 | Dm7 | Abm7 Db7 |
| CM7 Am7 | Dm7 G7 :||

8. He should know the basic rules for chord sub-
stitution.

An augmented 11th chord can be substitu-
ted for any dominant 7th built on the
same root.

Any augmented chord can be substituted
for any dominant 7th chord built on the
same root.

A substitute dominant 7th chord (any form
of the dominant 7th) can be found by
building a dominant 7th on a tone
a flatted 5th away from the chord to be
replaced by the substitution.

Example :

G7 substitute Db7

9. In applying the above material to the chord
progressions of common standard tunes, use
should be made of such additional techniques
as rhythmic variation, rests, sequence of pat-
terns, repetition and modified repetition of
patterns.

This is the basic material needed by the musician
who is serious about learning to improvise properly.
By developing a facility in playing the above materi-
al, he can learn to play notes that are in accord with
the chord chart of the solo passage. The ideas or
creative content of the solo can come only from ex-
perience and exposure to improvisation.
