---
id: "836"
title: "Book Reviews"
author: "Gussman, Donald"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Book Reviews

by Donald Gussman

The Chequer Board
By Nevil Shute

The chequer board of life is quite a complexity
according to psychologists. In his prolific style, Mr.
Shute shows us that all things are relative. This novel
is a case history, or rather 4 case histories. Imagine
a man given less than a year to live and then perhaps
you can see why he does as he does in the supposed
last year of life.

Mr. Turner, our hero, a one time British Army
Captain, dishonorably discharged, returns to his job
as a salesman only to have his old war wound act up.
After several fainting spells, he consults a specialist
who tells him his fate: one year to live. That is when
Turner decides to discover the fate of the three men
who shared his hospital room during the war.

He finds all three, but to really appreciate the
condition in which he finds them, one must read Mr.
Shute’s book. It is virtually impossible for any other
writer to handle a racial problem as described in the
novel, with all the tender care and patience as did
our author.

A Smattering of Ignorance
By Oscar Levant

Mr. Levant entertains us with several anecdotes
of personal nature. The characters involved are well
known names, and their antics are well worth read-
ing about.

Written in 1939, this prewar synopsis of Levant's
life is thoroughly sprinkled with zany bits and pieces
of great people and particles of constructive infor-
mation. The musician will see just how great con-
ductors worked with their orchestras, and what the
musicians did while with these groups.

Aspiring actors will read how Hollywood and
New York actors lived and worked.
