---
id: "838"
title: "Man's Capacity for Self- Destruction"
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From Our Chaplains ----

Man's Capacity for
Self-Determination

Father John J. McHugh
Catholic Chaplain

In a recent address to the Catholic
Correctional Chaplains, The Most Rev-
erend John J. Krol, D.D., J.C.D., Arch-
bishop of Philadelphia, stated that fra-
ternal solicitude for the delinquent
should be encouraged but not at the
expense of foregoing fundamental and
judicial principles.

If criminals are not self-made but
created by society, then there would
be no justification whatever for peni-
tentiaries. If a man is considered irre-
sponsible for his acts, then he may not
be punished. Punishment of persons
who are not responsible for their acts
would be a gross violation of justice
and an unwarranted deprivation of
human liberty.

It is a fundamental principle of
philosophy and of law that every man
is by nature possessed of a liberty
which begets responsibility. With due
allowance for the influences of natural
dispositions, of education, of conscious
or even subconscious instincts, the
plain fact is that man is a personal
being, endowed with intelligence and
a free will, who decides finally himself
what he will do or not do.

Despite the variety and magnitude
of the influence on the acts of intelli-
gence and free will, it is an inescapable
fact that the delinquent is responsible
for his acts. Man is not an automation
who reacts to external mechanism or
stimuli. He has the capacity of self-
determination. Penal and penal insti-
tutions would make no sense if there
were no capacity for self-determination
—if there were no personal liberty.

The entire structure of government
is based upon the principle that the
common good prevails over the good
of the individual. Government, of
course, is restricted by the inalienable
rights and the dignity of human beings
in the exercise of its power. Every
violation of law, whether the violation
is of divine or human law, represents
a violation of good order that comes
from God. It is the responsibility of
law enforcement agencies to protect
the common welfare of the people, to
preserve and promote the virtue of
justice.

Rehabilitation is made practicable
when remorse for the past offenses
leads to genuine sorrow and the firm
purpose of amendment. While kind-
ness should be shown to the criminal,
and every effort should be made to re-
habilitate him, a false sense of charity,
helps neither the criminal nor society.
The prevention and cure for crime lies
in the imparting of sound philosophy,
as expressed by Archbishop Krol, to
explain the basic principles of life.
