---
id: "839"
title: "Serving Time"
author: "Barnes, Rev. Sidney E. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Rev. Sidney E. Barnes
Protestant Chaplain

Sewing Time

Tempus fugit ... “time flies ..."

Or does it?

This is being written at the turn of
the year when men in prison discard
the old calendar with a sigh and be-
gin counting the days on the new with
an anticipation and longing for that
day when they shall again be free.

But if you are merely “serving time"
now, will you ever again be free? I
mean, some simply “‘serve time’ in
order that they might once again have
a “big time’’—without regard to the
cost to themselves or others. They
see no need to examine themselves
now in order to determine why they
ran afoul of the law. Right now they
resent the implication that anything
is wrong within themselves. They will
not begin the painful process of self-
examination and repentance (a Biblical
word which simply means to ‘turn
around'). It is much easier and cer-
tainly much less painful to your “Self’’
to place the blame for misfortune or
imprisonment outside your “Self.”

However, those who refuse to under-
take the painful self-examination will
be back again—to serve more time.
If they have learned nothing about
themselves and the forces or passions
which drive them, then it is likely that
the character defects which brought
them to prison this time will trigger
the same trouble again.

"Maybe this is the case with others,”
you say, “But not for me.’ Maybe—
but statistics show that of those who
are incarcerated once, 83% will not
be back again . . . That small 17%
who do return are most likely those
who have not examined themselves.
They are the ones who have honestly
tried to recognize and then overcome
personality defects of a psychological
and spiritual nature. They are the ones
who have made time serve them. . .

Will you “serve time” this year? Or
will you make time serve you? The
choice is yours. “Behold, now is the
acceptable time. . ." (ll Cor. 6:2).
