---
id: "840"
title: "The Door"
author: "SOLOMON, Ph.D. Rabbi Victor"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Rabbi Victor Solomon
Jewish Chaplain

The Door

A medieval legend tells the tragic
story of a political prisoner who was
incarcerated in the dungeon of his
enemy’s castle. The frustration of im-
prisonment was unbearable. But as
the weeks turned into months and the
months became years, the poor soul
adjusted to the wretched existence
which a cruel fate had decreed for
him. For twenty lonely years he rotted
in his cell. He never saw anyone.
Even the guard remained anonymous,
pushing in his food through a small
opening at the bottom of the door.

One day the aged prisoner was
pacing the cold stone floor of his cell
absorbed in thought when he stopped
at the door and absent-mindedly turned
the knob. There was a loud squeek-
ing of ancient hinges as the huge door
slowly opened before the startled man.
“My heavens,” thought the aged pris-
oner, “the door was unlocked all the
time and I never had the sense to try
it."

How true this rings for many of us
today. We are prisoners of fear and
hate and lust. Trapped in cells of our
own making we waste valuable days
and years of frustration and spiritual
atrophy. Yet, we need but try the
knob to enter into freedom. Freedom
beckons from without. A little bit of
faith can do it. Is this what is meant
by “freedom of religion?”
