---
id: "841"
title: "Untitled"
author: "WASHINGTON, Rev. Paul"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Rev. Paul M. Washington
Episcopal Chaplain

Life in America is complex, and in
order for its citizens to each be master
of the circumstances in which he lives
rather than its victim, his preparation
for life must indeed be wisely planned.

I worked in Liberia, West Africa for
a little over six years. It was a simple,
quiet, satisfying life in many respects.
It is not an industrialized nation where
time and machines demand man’s con-
formity to its rhythm, but rather man
paced his own time. He is master, not
slave of an artificially created way of
life. I recall once sending a young fel-
low who worked around our home into
a nearby village to try to buy some
eggs. He came back without them and
said that the people would not sell
their eggs because they didn’t need any
money at that particular time. Fortu-
nately the climate was kind to them
in that it was tropical and therefore
the scantiest of clothing was adequate
for men as well as women. Mental and
Penal institutions were just about non-
existent because the pressures which
are responsible for creating the ten-
sions which lead to the different forms
of antisocial behavior were not there.

By the preceding thoughts I do not
mean to recommend that America re-
vert to a primitive form of life to elim-
inate some of its problems, but I do
mean to say that the American must
grow to master his circumstances,
otherwise he will become the victim
of them. When God created man and
placed him in the Garden of Eden,
He gave man dominion over all of the
things of the earth. One wonders to-
day if man can really control the des-
tiny of life or will the inevitable rhy-
thm of the ages strike the next down
beat which will be the signal for our
next world conflict? To speak of the
world, however, is pretty far from some
of the real hard problems which face
us as individuals. It might be better
to ask: Can we control our own per-
sonal destinies or is there some hidden,
unconscious force which calls the sig-
nals for the next play?

The fact is, signals are being called,
but instead of there being only one set
of signals, there are many, and each
calls a different play. One says: “I
want what I want the way I want it
when I want it.” Another says: “You
neither know what you want nor what
you need; just keep your eyes and ears
open and we will tell you the values
which you must pursue.” Another
says: “Money will solve any problem
which ails us. Get enough of it and
you will have the world crawling at
your feet.’ Still another says: “I am
your Creator, and I say unto you—
‘Take My Yoke upon you and learn
of Me, for I am meek and lowly in
heart and ye shall find rest unto your
souls. For My Yoke is easy and My
burden is light.’ ”

Frankly, I believe that the One who
made me knows a whole lot more
about what I really need than I myself
or anyone else knows. He has not said
that we will not be faced with conflicts
in life, because God Himself is in con-
flict with evil at all times. He has sim-
ply said to me that if my conflicts are
in the effort to destroy evil rather than
to go along with it, we shall have peace
in the midst of conflict. He has said
that agreeing with Him is far more sat-
isfying than being in agreement with
180 million if they are wrong. He has
said that it is far more glorious to die
poor and hungry being honest, than
to live prosperous and rich being dis-
honest. He has said that if we love
all men we shall see life as a beautiful
experience, but if we choose to love
only some, among the rest we shall
find many enemies.

Interestingly enough, the many I
know who follow these signals, reveal
themselves to be the true masters of
life. But this should not be surprising
because the One who is calling them
is God—The One who created this life.
