---
id: "842"
title: "Spotlight on The Bull Gang"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Spotlight on
The Bull Gang

by F. A. Murphy & Martin Lees

The “Bull Gang" needs but little introduction
from this writer. Merit always recommends itself;
yet it often happens that some do not perceive the
good qualities of either a person or thing until they
are pointed out for them. Therefore, we call atten-
tion to a few of the features that differentiates this
“Bull Gang" from others and render it unique and
deserving of honorable mention here.

The exigencies of the work to be done here at
present demand the installation of the useful and
necessary, and the elimination of the useless and un-
necessary. At the same time, the ever present securi-
ty problems must constantly remain in the forefront
of any and all major construction or demolition jobs
inside these walls.

The accelerated works program now in progress
is an all-out effort to save the archaic buildings,
plumbing, underground sewer system, etc., inside
these ancient walls, that are fast approaching their
goal of extinction.

This complex and urgent situation has been placed
in the very capable hands of Captain Joe Roach,
Chief Engineer. Cap’ Roach has formed a personal
philosophy after twenty-two years of handling men
behind these walls: efficiency, responsibility, con-
sistency, plus the know-how, “Treat 'em like men,
and they react like men." This, in essence, is the
philosophy behind Cap’ Roach and the members of
his "Bull Gang.”

Security is the key word, and Cap’ Roach and the
powers that be are to be commended for their care-
fully selected choice of men who are doing the brute
work inside and OUTSIDE of these ancient forty-
foot barriers.

The concensus of opinion would think that only
short timers would be granted the privilege of work-
ing outside the big gate. However, paradoxical:as
it may seem, two members of the “Bull Gang’’ have
40 years of continuous time served between them.
Horace “Johnny’’ Bowers has 26 continuous years,
and William “Turk’’ Beatty has 14 years on the in-
side looking out. (Brother, Cap’ Roach has proven
a point somewhere along the line with his, ““Treat
"em like men, and they react like men.’’) These two
men alone are enough to be considered a salient dis-
tinction of the “Bull Gang" and for it to be well
noted; yet, this is but a criterion, a standard for the
entire crew. This six-man crew has a total of 65
continuous years served. Other members of the crew
are as follows: James *‘Fish’’ Fisher, Joseph ‘“Knock-
Knock” Jowett, William “‘Meat’’ Perry, and Claude
“Tampa Red” Dublin. These men have worked, on
numerous occasions, outside the forty-foot barriers
of this institution, with one unarmed overseer, the
genial Mr. Ed. Vanderslice, a long-time member of
the maintenance personnel.

The deportment of these men, inside and away
from the immediate vicinity of this institution, will
withstand the acid test of the severest criticism of
the most skeptical observer.

Another distinguishing feature of this crew con-
cerns the ever-present emergency calls. During the
recent cold wave, a cold water line buried six-feet
beneath asphalt and solidily frozen ground, burst
from the 18 degree temperature. There is but a lim-
ited number of conventional tools for this type of
work, so muscle power and sturdy hand-picks and
shovels were of prime importance. This episode is
not historically significant; Washington never slept
here or anything of that nature, but, from 12 noon
until 3 A.M. the following morning, the “Bull Gang”
was present in the 18 degree temperature, wearing
8 inch high over-shoes in 11 inches of water, at this
potential underwater safari and mecca for skin
divers. They repaired the break—no fuss, no fan-
fare, just fifty cents per day. Ah, these easy-money
boys. The removal of the soft water tanks, and re-
placing them with new and more modern equipment
is also worthy of mention here.

Many of the procedures in work of this descrip-
tion are becoming more and more mechanized, but
we still need the muscle and an abundance of know-
how. By this | mean that many of the procedures in
this line of work are dependent upon craftsmanship
—human skills and judgments—rather than me-
chanical perfections. The entire crew has to be
aware of and understand the problems at hand; and
with this understanding, to naturally work coopera-
tively, to understand the procedures and problems
of each other, and each must produce his work to
mesh properly with each other. Above all, quality
must be built into a job; it cannot be inspected in
later.

PHOTOGRAPH BY WALTER STEPPER

INSTALLATION OF DEHUMIDIFIER

Certain technical authorities made the profound
statement, that in their opinion the replacing of the
tanks with the new system was a physical impos-
sibility. What the job actually amounted to, was an
inpenetrable barrier against which Cap’ Roach and
the “Bull Gang" could only struggle hopelessly.
Nevertheless, the impossibility of the situation kicked
off the interest of all concerned. The subterranean
working area was so cramped, that maneuverability
was strictly limited to the n’th degree; this coupled
with the intense heat made the situation a little less
than desirable—a tough, hot, and dirty job per-

NOTE:
Space prevents a detailed description of the
demolition of the 105 foot smokestack, the
construction of the maximum security build-
ing, and the bull work required for provid-
ing 98% of the cells with a hot water line,
plus the 101 major and minor emergencies
in which the “Bull Gang’”’ has played a prom-
inent part.
(Harrisburg papers please copy. )

formed under the most adverse conditions. Accept-
ed traditional procedures were tried and found want-
ing, even the potential of the crew was not enough
until it was converted into success by stress being
placed on organization, consistency, and above all,
the proper direction coupled with experience, ability
and will. This reflected the mood of the entire crew.
The coup de grace, or the finishing stroke for the en-
tire job was accomplished in approximately 50 work-
ing hours—not bad for a job that was a physical im-
possibility at the start.

In summing up, | don’t think the “Bull Gang” ex-
pects any kudo’s for their efforts—just a nod of rec-
ognition for work well done, plus the realization that
these men are ‘‘long-timers,’? who are supposedly
the hard-core convicts of any correctional institution.
This is the unsound reasoning the uninitiated adopt
when “long-timer’” is mentioned. Hard-core con-
victs are not permitted within shouting distance of
the front gate, nor to work outside the gate with one
unarmed overseer, nor are they permitted to roam
freely inside these walls at all hours of the night when
an emergency detail is called. These men of the
"Bull Gang’’ are long-timers who have been given
the trust of working outside these walls, and they
value and guard this confidence that has been placed
in them. 
