---
id: "843"
title: "Your Roving Reporter"
author: "Volkert, Robert H. Jr. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0030.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
your roving reporter
by Robert H. Volkert: Jr.

Question: “Do you think that this in-
stitution should be torn down? Why ?”

Answer: No! With reservations, be-
cause it’s not being used in the way it
should be. It should be used as a Class-
ification and Diagnostic center and also
for the inmates who need therapy of
one sort or another.

Richard McClintic

Answer: No! Because this is the type
of institution that can be used as a
treatment center for the sick and men-
tally retarded, as well as a Classifica-
tion and Diagnostic Center. I think
that it should be remodeled within,
rather than torn down. There should
be a more standard and stabilized work
and educational program, better living 
quarters, better recreational and medi-
cal facilities, as well as better eating 
facilities.

Rob Watson

Answer: No! Rather than destroy this 
institution, I think it should be remodel-
ed. Because, if destroyed, it would be
a great loss to the city of Philadelphia.
I think that the cost of building a new
penal institution would, by far, exceed
the cost of remodeling this one. 

Andrew Collins

Answer: It is my honest evaluation that
this institution should not be torn down
because it is of a strong and stable con-
struction. It should be renovated and
used as a maximum security hospital
for the mentally ill, who are growing
in number because of wars, racial hat-
red and prejudices. Philadelphia cer-
tainly needs such a hospital in addi-
tion to its present facilities.

Another, more modern prison should
be built elsewhere—outside the city—
where there is a healthier climate and
environment. It should contain all the
necessary facilities of modern penology
that are lacking here to rehabilitate the
inmates who someday will return to so-
ciety as useful citizens.

Yours for Progress, .... Leroy C. Ba-
shore

Answer: Yes. I believe that to carry
out a successful program of rehabilita-
tion, it must be done in more modern
surroundings. I think this institution
should be replaced section by section,
with more concern given to a modern
school system and a hospital block. I
cannot see how a man can make any
progress in changing his pattern of
living and thought when he is continu-
ally surrounded by a dull, dreary and
ancient atmosphere.

With a new and modern prison, plus
a program outlined for a man when
he comes out of E.D.C.C., I believe that
it would be a big step in the right di-
rection.

Jack C.
