---
id: "844"
title: "The Sport Section"
author: 'Mays, "Sonny"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
The Sport Section
by “Sonny” Mays

PHOTOGRAPHS BY WALTER STEPPER

Eastern Football
League

Mr. J. S. Thompson, Athletic Director
Dave Croxton, Referee
J. J. Gilmore, Umpire
John Giardino, Sideline Crew

WILDCATS WIN CHAMPIONSHIP
12—0
“Wildcats”

Tommy Griffin, QB, Mgr.
Joe Chink, T., Asst. Mgr.
Bill Valley, HB, Captain
“Pinky’’ Andrews, FB, Co-Capt.
“Lucky” Bradley, T.
“Brother’’ Goody, HB.
Leon Washington, E.
“Big Six’’ Connors, T.
Chuck Johnston, G.
Johnny Alexander, T.
“Blacky” Battles, E.
“Stopper” Cromwell, T.
Bill “Turk’’ Baity, (Kicker)
Bobby Moody, G.    Johnny Wallace, E.
Jimmy Rick, E.        Dick Cantillion, G.
“Big’’ Swede, T.       Bernard Harris, E.
“Kookie’’ Nash, E.   “Alfred Shep,” E.

“Cobras”

Joe Click, QB, Mgr.
George Dawkins, T., Capt.
Sonny Mays, E.         “Tampa Red,” T.
E. Shep, E.                Hank Myers, T.
Ginny, C.                   Joe Miller, G.
Medina, E.                 Bob Watson, HB.
Massey, FB.              “Big Curley,” T.
Marshall, HB.            “Pigmeat,”’ RE.
"Chief," E.                  C. C. Clark, HB.

The underrated Wildcats came on
like a “‘gusher’’ to cap the Champion-
ship from the highly rated Cobras. A
great lesson was given by the Wildcats
with the great quarterbacking of Tom-
my Griffin, the M.V.P. in the Eastern
Football League. No team is able to
apply its tools of the trade unless it
possesses a capable and flexible quar-
terback who can run his club and in-
still in them the will to function as a
solid organization. The Wildcats, on
many occasions, came from behind in
their games and won, going away. It
was the moxie of Griffin that brought
his club from behind and showed the
opposition that a darn good quarter-
back is like money in the bank. The
ultimate downfall of the Cobras was
their lack of cohesion within their
squad to function as a solid unit. In
Joe Click, you have a veteran quarter-
back who has played the game for
many years—but his great talent is
void, especially when the players under
his astute generalship don’t come up to
his great expectations. This definitely
hurts the entire progress of his team,
in fact, any squad.

In order for team personnel to move
on the field they must first become lis-
teners, and not rabid talkers as were
the Cobras, when they began their as-
sault upon their opposition. In other
words, everybody wanted to give the
quarterback advice on what to do on
the next play. This hurt the morale
of the club and caused its ultimate de-
feat at the hands of Tommy Griffin,
who knew of this dissension and took
good advantage of it. Like... how
smart can you be.

The game was hard fought, for the
players knew the Championship was
at stake and thus put forth their every
effort to win and without too many
blunders. “Joe Click” and Tommy
Griffin, were pitted against each other
in leading their teams to a solid and
convincing victory, if humanly possible.
A break here or there could mean the
contest for either team. The Wildcats
got their first break from the hands
of the Cobras’ All-American center.

Hold on sport’s fans, and hold on tight.
I bet you have no idea at all who it
was? It was none other than Rob
(Fumble) Watson, who made it known
to everyone that his presence would
end in his team’s defeat by the clumsy
handling of the ball from his position
as center. The Wildcats, sensing Rob’s
inability as center, made him commit
himself by faking their attack towards
him, and, true to his name, the tide
changed because he did not read the
exact count from “Joe Click.” In the
second period, a fumble from center
gave the Wildcats their first scoring
opportunity. And score, they did. The
tenacious Tommy Griffin took his team
from mid-field to the five yard line
from where he faked a pass to Blacky
Battles, then wisely went off tackle for
the first score. The conversion was
missed and now the Cobras knew their
work was cut out for them after that
T.D.

Joe Click tried his utmost to inject
new life into his players—they came on
strong in the final stages of the first
half—but the Wildcats front wall
staged off any threats the Cobras may
have had, with the likes of “Big
Swede,” “Stopper” Cromwell, Chuck
Johnston, and Dick Cantellion. Back-
ing up the line of dreadnaughts, were
Blacky Battles, Pinky Andrews, “‘Dyna-
mite’’ Valley, and their capable leader,
Tommy “‘Frantic’’ Griffin. One is able
to conceive the obstacles the fouled-up
Cobras had to overcome.

In the second half, the Wildcats re-
ceived possession at this stage of the
battle meant everything to the team
that controlled the ball. The Cobras
looked very good in the third period.
“Click” had his club moving and in a
position to score on the Wildcats’
twenty-yard line, when the menace of
the Cobra’s team brought an abrupt
ending to their drive down field. You're
right, fans—Rob (Fumbles) Watson,
handed the ball haphazardly to his
quarterback where it spun from his
grasp into the hands of a charging
Wildcat lineman. That did it as far as
the Cobras were concerned; for two
plays later the up-tempo’d Wildcats
scored their final T.D. On this particu-
lar play Griffin threw a fifteen yard
pass to Wallace, who raced down field,
out to the left side line and caught it,
then spurted ten yards unmolested in-
to the end zone. Thereafter, it turned
into a defensive battle. It was a gruel-
ing sight to behold the linemen of both
teams battling to gain possession of the
ball; the blocking by both were terrific.
In the final few minutes the Cobras got
the ball and made their desperate move
to go in for a last ditch score. With
bruising blocking from the Cobras’
front linemen, Hank Myers, Joe Miller,
"Tampa Red,” Big Curley, and the old
veteran, Pigmeat, they made every ef-
fort to put themselves in the scoring
column. But the resurgent Wildcats,
fought just as hard to deny them that
honor; and this they did as the final
whistle blew to end the Championship
game of 1962.

Both teams had their moments of
decision, and opportunities to score.
The individual members of each team
are to be commended for the sense of
fair sportsmanship which was displayed
on the field. The many fans watching
and rooting got all the thrills and ex-
citement they would have gotten watch-
ing an outside game. During this con-
test, there were a few disgruntled play-
ers from both sides, heated arguments,
and a bit of extra pushing by careless
hands that wasn’t meant to be person-
al. Yet, this is man pitted against man
in a battle of recognition and praise
from the throngs gathered there to be
entertained by the combatants. This
is man out to prove his strength on the
field of battle against his adversary—
and the winner strolled from the field
with heaping praise and loud applause
ringing and stinging their deafened
ears. The ego of the winner is some-
thing to behold when his team is the
victor.

The disconsolate losers, though hurt
deep within themselves, smile when
patted upon the back by those who say,
“You played a darn good game.” To
some, it is a victory, and to others it’s
small payment when your body is ach-
ing and stiff with pain from the con-
tact with the ground and opposing
players. But high above and not seen
by any eyes there is a Greater Force
that smiles upon them all, for He too,
enjoyed the game—and admired each
of them for a performance well-done.
In His eyes, each of them is a winner.
Is God not everybody’s All-American
Quarterback ?

MAGGOTS

Jake Welty, T & Coach
Bobby Volkert, QB & Captain
“Dick’’ Dickerson, RH
Ed “Smack-Over’’ Parks, LG
“Flip” Fleming, RE
“Dick” Nickens, RH
N. Pearson, LH        Bob Johnson, FB
"Chief," LE               Pencil Willie, LT
Hosea, RT               Joe Kuhn, LT
“Ricey," C                Knock Knock, RG

The third team in the league (Mag-
gots), coached by Jake Welty and as-
sisted by his young quarterback, Bobby
Volkert, would have enhanced its chan-
ces if a more experienced quarterback
would have been available during the
latter part of the season. Suki, their
regular quarterback, was traded to the
Cobras—and this hurt the Maggots
more than they knew. No team is any
better than its quarterback. It was ap-
parent that Bobby had an arduous task
before him, and his teammates were
aware of it also. This dire situation
didn’t hamper the team’s spirit, for they
got themselves ready for each game
with skull sessions and extra periods
of practice which did help them to win
some games and keep in contention
with the other two clubs. But it became
obvious that it takes much from the
body and mind of a quarterback, when
the pressure of hard charging linemen
keep you dancing in your backfeld,
and your passes are plucked from the
air by the opposition. This is enough
to make one go berserk, especially
when you're doing your darndest to
become a Y.A. Tittle.

This young field general is a “must’’
for the future. He did gain more ex-
perience from his lack of quarterback-
ing and is destined to make himself
known in the league in the coming sea-
son. For he knows that from “little”
acorns, great oaks kiss the sky.’ The
Maggots had a fine bunch of players.
Jake Welty, who coached his team like
the solid leader he is, did a marvelous
job at keeping them positive in mind
and spirit. It was his keen insight into
the game that made them a greater
threat around the league. Bob Johnson,
their hard running fullback, was ter-
rific. His bone-crushing tackles made
the fans shutter with fright—it was he
who put the great Tommy Griffin out
of commission in the “Old Timers’’ and
“Young Timers” game.

With such excellent players as Pen-
cil Willie, Flip Fleming, Norman Pear-
son, all-around performer ‘Chief’
Knock Knock, “Hosea,” and the might-
iest lineman of them all, Ed “The Blitz-
er’ Parks, they were a cinch to win.
Parks came on in the latter stages of
the campaign to win the best lineman
award for the 1962 season. Just watch-
ing him perform on the field, handling
his position as linebacker on defense,
and plugging and opening up holes for
his backs to smash through for the nec-
essary yardage needed for their first
down was a pleasure to watch. He was
just tremendous! In Parks, the Maggots
have a great football player, who keeps
his teammates alive with his constant
chatter and pep talks that urge them
on in the coming attacks. Jake, his
coach, has repeatedly remarked, how
fine a job Parks has done all season for
his team; and his teammates never
cease in praising his stature on the field
as their very own, “Sam Huff.” Long
after his playing days days are over,
he'll be remembered by those who
knew talent, and most of all, knew him
as a great and thorough competitor on
or off the field of sports. Yes, sport's
fans, Ed Parks measures up immeasur-
ably, as did the majority of the Mag-
gots!
