---
id: "845"
title: "For the Memory Book"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Gussman, Donald"
year: "1963"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "1"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1963_body0033.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
For the Memory Book
by John Giardino

“Old Timers Snuff Youngsters—22-19”

The final game of the season was
played in December, “62.” It was a
dilly from the outset to the last touch-
down. This “Game of the Year” is a
traditional affair every season between
the “Old Timers and the Youngsters.”
It has been going on for a good many
years—and will continue for many
more years to come. The “Old Timers”
are those who have served over six
years; the ““‘Youngsters’’ are primarily
new arrivals, just beginning their stay
here. Thus far, the Oldsters have the
edge in wins over the past five years,
with five wins and no losses.

The “Cherry Hill Stadium” was
filled to capacity—and the surround-
ing areas of the playing field were
choked with humanity and great clouds
of steam coming from the hundreds of
throats yelling for their favorite team
on this cold December morn. This was
the greatest rivalry of the year—and
expectations were running high to a
fever pitch. The Oldsters were a six
point favorite to win, but the Young-
sters were out to prove differently.

The Oldsters won the toss and elect-
ed to receive the ball. Griffin, the
Youngsters’ great quarterback, put his
foot into the pigskin and the Donny-
brook of them all got underway.

Jake Welty, the Oldsters’ quarter-
back got his team in order for the trek
downfield. He knew he had a tough job
on his hands in overcoming the Young-
sters poised before him and waiting to
assault his veteran players of long
standing. Up front for the Oldsters
were Hank Myers, Tampa Red, Knock
Knock, Pigmeat, Pencil Willie and Ed
“Blitzer’’ Parks. The ends were Sonny
Mays and Chief. In the backfield were
C.C. Clark, Suki and Rob Watson.

On four plays the Youngsters stood
off any drive the Oldsters might have
had in mind. The game see-sawed back
and forth for the first seven minutes
of the first period. The Youngsters
had the ball on their own fifteen yard
line, and were punting on fourth down.
As the center snapped the ball back to
Griffin, his quarterback, it sailed over
his head into the end-zone, where the
Oldsters’ charging linemen swarmed
over him to recover and put their team
into the lead, 2—0, as a result of the
safety.

The Youngsters came roaring back
with a vengeance which put them in
scoring position, as one of their defen-
sive players intercepted one of Jake's
passes. With the fans screaming for
them to score, the (MVP) quarterback
of the season answered their shouts
with a twenty yard pass to Holly, who
then scampered in the end-zone with
the Youngsters’ first tally in the wan-
ing moments of the first period. Thus,
the period ended—Youngsters-6, Old-
sters-2. The point after touchdown was
missed, as the forward wall of the Old-
sters, ram amuck over the opposition
and kept them from scoring it.

Midway in the second period, Jake
threw a thirty yard pass to Sonny Mays,
who faked Holley (the speedster), flat
on his face, caught the bomb and went
over for the T.D. Jake then scored the
extra point by plunging over from the
one yard line. At half-time the score
remained 9—6, in favor of the Old-
sters.

The third period got off with a
“bang," as a pass interference was
called on Pigmeat, who was defending
against it. Instead of playing the ball,
he interfered with the receiver, and
this was to cost his team a T.D. In
the ensuing play, Griffin ran an option
play, faked a pass to Wallace, then cut
sharply to his left and scored with only
light blocking necessary from his team-
mates. The extra point was made by
Holley—and the score read 13——9, the
Youngsters’ favor.

Jake, still at the helm as director of
operations for the Oldsters—got them
to moving on the ground as C.C. Clark,
their fiery little halfback, time and time
again brought life into his comrades
by churning the turf for great yard-
age. Massey and Suki, with their fine
running patterns, kept the opposition
quite active in containing the ball car-
riers. There was no denying the Old-
sters their forthcoming T.D., as Jake
spun from the pocket while being
chased by Big Blount, Dawkins and
Hosea, who had him fenced in and 
ready for the inevitable. By some mira-
cle he got out of their reach just for
a second—and released the bomb far
down-field Speeding down the
sideline went Sonny Mays, threading
his way through the Youngsters’ sec-
ondary. The ball and Sonny met as
one, as he leaped high for it and
brought it down, snuggled it to his
bosom and began his race for the end-
zone where he was barred by the pres-
ence of Blacky Battles, his only neme-
sis for the moment. Blacky threw his
block, But Sonny’s great speed enabled
him to spring loose and go over stand-
ing up. 

While the fans were buzzing over
this spectacular catch, another fantas-
tic play was in the making and it was
a treat to behold. During the try for
the extra point, Jake fumbled the ball
and from a stooped position, pitched
the pigskin over his shoulder, where
it landed beautifully in the hands of
Chief who was waiting in the end-zone
as though cued for the play. It was
the weirdest anybody ever witnessed.
The Oldsters went into the final period
with a 16—13 advantage, and more
was yet to come.

The jubilant Oldsters were deter-
mined to defend their heritage.

Seething with humiliation, the
Youngsters fought a last ditch battle
to overtake the high-minded Oldsters.
The battle changed hands time after
time as both teams dug in to ward off
each other's counter-attacks. The
tackling and blocking were something
to see! got At mid-field, Dawkins got
loose to race ten yards, unmolested,
for another score. The point after
touchdown was checked by the Old-
sters’ big line, but the Youngsters had
the lead, 19—16. It was now the
Youngsters, privilege to whoop it up
after going ahead in the scoring. They
did not know that a dark shadow of
gloom was hovering over their elated
heads.

With time of the essence now, the
Oldsters had to get moving—and move
they did—to the Youngsters’ 15 yard
line. Two plays later, Jake went over
with fine blocking from his forward
wall. All pandemonium broke loose as
he entered the end-zone with the most
beautiful touchdown scored that morn-
ing. This was the clincher for the Old-
sters, that spelled defeat for the Young-
sters.

Shaken by the final score, the Young-
sters hurriedly went downfield trying
to save time and get possession of the
ball which they sorely needed. With
less than two minutes to go, Griffin
began showering the air with passes
and connected with several to Wallace
and Holley for ample yardage to keep
running the clock out. On a third
and three play—he threw a snap pass
intended for Wallace who had a good
day of catching several for important
gains, but this last one never reached
him. From his defensive position on
the left side, Sonny Mays played the
ball beautifully for the interception and
that ended the game, with the Oldsters
winning it, 22—19.
