---
id: "854"
title: "Rehabilitation via Conservation"
author: 'MURPHY, Francis A.; Bowers, Horace "Johnny"'
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Rehabilitation
- via -
Conservation

A united effort
by
Francis A. Murphy
and
Horace “Johnny” Bowers

STRIP MINING:

When a vein of ore occurs close to
the surface of the ground, the mining
method employed is called “Strip min-
ing” and/or “Open pit mining.” This
method consists of taking the material
from the surface with huge steam or
electric shovels. This is one of the
methods of obtaining coal in Pennsyl-
vania.

so they took and put him in his
chains and he lay fallow
and his spirit was twisted 
by the idleness that lay on
his hands,
so that each time he was re-
leased he gave vent to his
anger and committed acts
that were offensive

Bulldozer, power shovel, air compressor and a pneumatic drill is
the basic equipment for strip mining; also it is all that is needed to
start poison creeks, rivers, and wells from the toxic sulphuric acid that
is present in the uncovered coal seams. In no time, a once yirent
land can become a desolate waste.

Reflect upon the brutal and myopic work of strip-mining. They
search and tear, uproot and dig a rural tract of land, causing ugly
lacerations of the soil, leaving in their departure stones and rocks
and unproductive barrenness and deep wells of toxic water, in their
never ending search for coal.

Strip mining is a subject on which
much has been written during
the past year, and much will,
no doubt, be written in the fu-
ture.

It is our intent to try and in-
troduce through the use of
convict labor, at least a partial!
solution to some of the problems now being expe-
rienced in surface mining and its devastating after-
math; to offer an idea, if not a solution that will be
acceptable to labor, management, and the prison
authorities.

When coal is mined in this manner, suitable lo-
cations in which to dump the culm or coal too fine to
be marketed, is often difficult to find. This refuse
cannot be deposited in any location until all veg-
etation is cleared from the area, such as trees, logs,
stumps and other vegetable matter. The hazard
of fire is continually present in these culm mounds,
often started by decaying vegetable matter and
spontaneous combustion. The sources of danger
are varied and many, for when strip mining occurs
in the vicinity or neighborhood of small towns or
villages, it gives access to these operations to small
children; this, then, enters into the catagory of ex-
treme danger. For these strip mining pits and
trenches become filled with mine water and/or rain.
The following is a graphic example of the danger to
life and property of one small community, taken ver-
batim from a local Philadelphia newspaper: “It was
indeed most gratifying to read your editorial en-
titled ‘Strip Mining and Public Safety,’ published
February 24th 1963. It is true! Our very existence
is at stake, and we must make every effort to protect
our lives and properties. Until a strong mine strip-
ping bill is enacted we will always be fearful of re-
peated wash-outs, mud-laden streets, blocked sewers,
creeks and dams and widespread property damage.
We have already experienced this in our town and
the mounds of dirt from the strippings are much
higher now. Above all, there is danger of loss of
life inasmuch as children play nearby.” (end of quo-
tation) The article was signed by three citizens of
Plymouth, Penna. The unhealthy sanitation prob-
lem which this condition causes, poses an added haz-
ard to all concerned.

The high costs to the mine operators for re-
moving the coal, (equipment operators, laborers,
etc.) reduces the margin of profit to such an extent
that the mine operators are unable to pay for the
necessary labor and high costs of backfilling. As a
result the pits and trenches remain deep and open
and have been instrumental in many injuries and loss
of life. To pay the necessary costs for backfilling
and returning the area to some semblance of its
normal condition, would leave the operators with
little or no profit for their endeavors.

At this particular point, convict labor could be
legally introduced into helping solve this dangerous
and vitally necessary backfilling problem. With the
use of convict labor, the cost to the mine operators
would possibly amount to approximately $3.00 per
day per inmate; whereas, the cost to employ civilian
labor would be no less than $20.00 per man. If the
mine operators are unable to pay civilian labor wages
for this backfill, then the use of convict labor would
not be taking employment from a free man, in other
words, inmate labor would not be transgressing on
the rights of free labor.

The American Federation of La-
bor favors employment of
convict labor by the State for
the State, backfilling could
be classified as the restora-
tion of scenic beauty on
State property and/or soil
conservation for the State.
What the organized labor
movement has concerned itself with has been the
nature of the work done by convicts and safeguards
to prevent the product of their labor from coming in-
to competition with the products of free labor, and in
that way undermining the standards and conditions
of work which the free workers have established for
themselves. This position of the American Fed-
eration of Labor has been repeatedly endorsed.

The possibility of a $3.00 remuneration per
day for each inmate could be apportioned to: $1.00
to the inmate, half of which would be placed in a
saving fund to be given to him upon his release, the
other half to be added to his account to be spent as
he sees fit for whatever small luxuries he is afforded.
$2.00 of the $3.00 to be given to the State to ex-
pedite what funds are allotted to the program. The
possibilities are unlimited in this situation, for this is
a co-operative endeavor which enlists the aid of all
who have a stake in the outcome, including the
average citizen who is NOT interested in modern
correctional problems until someone in the family
falls by the wayside. Until we can interest the
public generally, we are fighting a losing battle as
far as rehabilitation programs are concerned.

For the inmate, by his toil is afforded the
chance of regaining his self-respect, for it makes him
self-supporting, and no matter what is written it must
be remembered that inmates must learn to work and
not merely make motions at work, as is so often the
case in the over-crowded penitentiaries to-day.
This program would include restoration of land that
has become an eye-sore, soil conservation, the return
of some of the natural beauty to the scenic areas of
Pennsylvania, rehabilitation which includes doing
away with the type of prison work that destroys a
man’s initiative, such as being handed a broom and
a can of brass polish when starting a 5, 10, or 20
year sentence, because there is nothing better to of-
fer. It will lessen the chances of returning cell-
shocked inmates to the free world as the migraine of
free society, and last but not least, it will lessen the
tax payer’s burden. Condemning the offender to
useless toil is defeating the main points of the reha-
bilitator’s objectives. You cannot expect any man
to work with a broom, mop, or can of brass polish
a few minutes a day for X amount of years, and have
him return to a free society ready for acceptance in
free labor or anything else. True, the initial cost of
this extended work program would be considerable,
but the long range results would surely justify the
means.

The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has in its
possession, in its many and varied departments, the
necessary equipment and any number of trucks, bull-
dozers, tractors, etc., required for this type of work.
In addition, our correctional institutions in the State
are over-flowing with wasted man-power that could
be put to good use in this extended program of com-
plete productive labor. Waiting and wasting in
idleness are professional truck drivers, bulldozer
operators, tractor and trailer men and the machinist
to keep this equipment in good running order and
repair. Many of whom are acquainted with the
latest and most efficient operational techniques that
are available.

At the present time the Com-
monwealth has an in-
mate mobile forestry unit
in operation in the West-
ern part of the State.
Why not a soil conserva-
tion unit, incorporated
with the proposed sur-
face mining backfill pro-
gram? The potential of this proposed program is
surely in keeping with the idea of ‘‘treatment” in-
stead of punishment, as is the policy of progressive
penal authorities to-day.

It is not unreasonable to assume that this pro-
posed program, with a little help from the right di-
rection and a little effort from all who are concerned,
could be successful within the limits of its potential.

Certain observations appear to
be significant; for one, it
would keep the inmate from
vegetating and being sold
short and then released with
such tragic results of recidi-
vism. Mention has’ been
made that the initial cost of
this type program would be
considerable; however, by the same token it would
not be unreasonable or excessive. The revenue
from increased tourist trade throughout the scenic
routes of Pennsylvania that are now being avoided
due to the complete barrenness of the strip mining
operations, would again show a considerable in-
crease in revenue, if these areas were to be restored
at least partially, to their once natural beauty.

These same scenic areas, which once were ihe
locations for camp sites, hunting lodges, and a haven
for nature lovers and family picnics, which the
hunter and sportsman once found akin to paradise
for their hunting and fishing, but are now a no man’s-
land of nuclear-like destruction, would again be
echoing the sounds of the outdoorsman. The rev-
enue from these returning sporting activities, gas
stations, motels, etc., would increase until this initial
program cost could become a lucrative investment in
lives as well as State revenue.

It may have already occurred to you that the
significant observations mentioned have been raised
for consideration, yet they were not probed too
deeply. This is but a means of gently reminding you,
the reader into giving some thought about your place
in the realm of Rehabilitation - via - Conservation.
Here is the place where prison psychology or psy-
chiatry alone falls short — It cannot work by itself.
Adult responsibilities, the need to build character
through work, are prime requisites for the penned-up
inmate. One of the most important ingredients lack-
ing is the realization that inmate labor can help.
(Private industry has recognized this fact long ago.)

Something should be done; perhaps this sug-
gestion could be a springboard for some thought or
consideration. We hope that this suggestion will not
be passed off with the remark, as the man says, “You
will always find some Eskimo ready to instruct the
Congolese on how to cope with heat waves.” If noth-
ing is done, the harm will be irreparable and another
generation will pay for this with compound interest.
We must make progress, but then, some people con-
sider it progress if a cannibal uses a knife and fork.

From an item appearing in a Philadelphia eve-
ning newspaper, it is apparent that some action is
being taken by at least 30,000 of the people who are
immediately concerned with strip mining:

“Mines’ Secretary H. Beecher Charmbury will tour
the state’s anthracite strip mining area on April 10th
to determine if there is need for tighter state con-
trols.

“Charmbury’s tour will follow by less than two
months Governor Scranton’s air inspection of the
bituminous strip. mining region. Scranton now has
a bill before the legislature that would place stricter
regulations on soft coal strip mining operators, espe-
cially in the area of backfill requirements.

“Charmbury fixed the date of his tour yesterday
at a meeting with a nine-member delegation which
took issue with recent statements by the secretary
that there was little pressure for tighter strip mine
controls in the hard coal region.

“The secretary said he hopes Forests and Waters
Secretary Maurice K. Goddard and Commerce Sec-
retary John K. Tabor would accompany him on the
tour.

“The delegation from the Wyoming Valley com-
plained that tighter anthracite controls were being
ignored by the Scranton Administration in favor of
action in the soft coal fields.

“The governor and | are just as much interested
in the anthracite as the bituminous regions,’ Charm-
bury said. ‘But he has concentrated his time in
developing strong bituminous strip mine regulations
because the issue in the soft coal fields is much more
in the public attention.’

“The statement was immediately disputed by
Harry G. Davis, who said: “The public is aroused—
we represent thousands of residents from Scranton
to Sunbury.’

“Charmbury reassured the group that Governor
Scranton intended to develop an anthracite strip
mine bill as soon as the bituminous situation was sta-
bilized.

“Evens told Charmbury that residents of the an-
thracite region have written ‘a citizen’s bill’ which
require backfilling to complete contour, fix reason-
able times for completing backfilling and specify
what is meant by abandonment.

“The group showed Charmbury 30,000 sig-
natures calling for complete backfilling in the hard
coal strip mines.”

(Pro bono publico)
