---
id: "855"
title: "Observations on Penology"
author: "Short, Jim"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Observations on Penology
by Jim Short, Editor of the “GAZETTE”, New Castle, Delaware

Southern states have been accused of being mighty back-
wards in their conceptions of penology, but recently a plan
has come to light through various news media, which show
that at least one southern state, North Carolina, has come
up with a progressive rehabilitative feature.

North Carolina’s approach to rehabilitation is called a
work-release program, and it is based on the idea that a
prisoner with a steady outside job is of greater benefit both
to himself and to the state.

Sydney J. Harris was impressed enough by this program
to make it the subject of his syndicated column a few weeks
ago. Harris called it a “heartening story” and said, “This
is the way a prison system should be administered—to offer
the men hope and a job opportunity, not merely punish-
ment. It is an accepted truism among penologists that most
jails deform men more than they reform them.”

North Carolina’s work-release system began in 1957 un-
der State Prison Director George W. Randall, and has
evolved into the most liberal outside work plan in the
nation.

All inmates with sentences of five years or less are el-
igible for consideration, provided they are not sex offenders,
confirmed alcoholics or drug addicts. Each prisoner’s
weekly paycheck is turned over to the state, which gives him
$5 for personal expenses, keeps $1 for state furnished trans-
portation—and $2.25 a day for room and board. The
remainder is divided up between the prisoner's family and
a trust fund that he receives on completing his sentence.

The program has been a success and prisoners are work-
ing at such jobs as barbers, machanics, cooks, secretaries
and farmers. One employer, a motel owner, said, “I’m going
to use more prisoners in the future. They're harder workers
and better than those that come in off the street.”

So far as known, no prisoner has ever committed a crime
while at work. Only a handful have gotten into trouble
after their release. Eventually North Carolina hopes to
have 1,000 prisoners working on the outside—more than
the entire jail population of Delaware.

Undoubtedly, the majority of inmates incarcerated in
Delaware would be eligible for such a program, if we had
one. Men jailed for non-support or other non-violent
crimes could actually pay their way through prison and
continue to contribute to the support of their families. It
would alleviate the feeling of helplessness that a man feels
while he is being punished. And last, but not least, as a
dollars and cents proposition, it would be a good thing for
the taxpayer.
