---
id: "856"
title: "Through a Glass Darkly"
author: "JAMES, Sterling B."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "7"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0009.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Sterling James

Through a Glass 
DARKLY

IDS have been explored. Sinful souls researched
and staked out. Dreadful deeds have been scrupu-
lously depicted, analyzed and served up in weighty
tomes and histories. To date, none of the intelligence
culled from all this revealment has been able to
smash the glass darkly through which men convicted
of crimes are steadfastly seen by society in general,
and correctional omnipotents in particular.

Prisoners travel up and down penal circuits turn-
ing themselves inside out attempting to fit some
fuzzy, rehabilitative rationale; and in truth, as a
means of winning freedom, all that twisting and turn-
ing about is as efficacious as spitting in the wind.
Those who decide prisoners’ destinies ceased long
ago to believe sincerely that a system so thoroughly
crude in its approach to behaviorism has any com-
petence in inducing tractability in men living under
it. Such anxious little goodies as commutes and pa-
roles are dispensed in manners wholly irrelevant to
anything that happens in a man’s life—good or bad
—during the course of his servitude. And, indeed, 
how else could it be. After the important but su-
perficial legal distinctions are made between the
lawful and the lawless, too many behavioral doors
must be passed through to uncover a cache of pre-
dictable, fundamental, characteristics common to the
just against which the unjust may be measured.

Let us not beat around the bush. Correction in
theory is scientifically insupportable, and in practice
incapable of delivering. Unless the purveyors of
the correctional syndrome are prepared to deal di-
rectly with major behavioral dynamics, that is to say,
to make neurological changes in the physiological ap-
paratus that moves men, and to set to controlling the
elemental power source that propels this apparatus;
unless they are equipped to find and measure the ef-
fects that different kinds of stimuli have on various
parts of the nervous system and on the glands, organs
and muscles (nothing less is involved) - - - let us
hear no more about correction in theory.

As everyone knows these days, the human person-
ality is an incredibly complex blending of many ele-
ments, all aspects of which may be engaged by no
single act, however often repeated. A prisoner like
everyone else is many things, and, in most cases, the
least part of what he is, is revealed in his crime.
Despite all the hue and cry regarding the inherent
brutality of men charged with homicide, for ex-
ample, these men constitute the gentlemen of prison
society. They are the most tractable, least bother-
some, best adjusted of the prison body. Any warden
worth his badge will testify to this. For the answers
to why and how men are catapulted beyond the
fringe of mere hostility, mankind might look profit-
ably inward.

Except for a handful of professionals, crime is a
fearful, emotionally unrewarding business and few of
the men who engage in it entertain any real illusions
about it. Beyond its use as a means of attaining
that elusive windfall at the end of the rainbow, the
game in itself holds no significance. If it is anything,
it is primarily an instrument of survival. You may
study it, draw and quarter it, lisp its emotional basis,
strain over the neurosis of it; it yields little more than
that. As for men charged with sex offenses, they
are a breed apart and entirely out of the competence
of any “correctional’’ institution. Theirs is a prob-
lem involving the altering of behavior in the presence
of the sexual catalyst. This requires an understand-
ing enlarged by the resources of science. What is
implied by correction in this context is nothing short
of ridiculous.

Except in special instances, therefore, not much of
the whole man may be indicated by his misdeeds.
It is, however, upon this single corner of the pris-
oner’s life—the most superficial, deceptive part of
him—the correctional system is focused, and it is this
fixation that accomodates the aridity of all its other
listless facilities, i.e. religion, education, psychology,
etc. Many of the unnatural responses characteristic
of the men living under it is a direct consequence.
The so-called “gangster” is a direct reply to an or-
der of things that recognizes, really, nothing more
behavioristically valid. In short, correction with all
of its psuedo-humane ramifications is nothing more
than the same old system of punishment decked out
in bright, new, semantic garb, and is, by indirection
just as inimical as the old order, to that fantastic,
delicate mechanism just behind the personality that
receives, digests and gives meaning to experience.

Psychology has not been a lamp unto the feet of
the correctionalists. All along the miles of correc-
tional track leading no where, they should have been
exploding such behavioral dynamite as found in the
axiom that criminal manners and customs when
studied in depth vanish into the miasma of human
responses like smoke into the atmosphere, so that
except in a legal or semantic sense, there is no such
thing as the criminal personality. The criminal
mind simply doesn’t exist. Psychology has not kept
the faith and in prison is found examining tediously
the false issue of criminality and missing the real
problem—the responses of mankind. Let it be said,
then, in the interest of truth, and damn the reprisals
—The “criminal” is a mirage; catch him if you can!

It is not in celebration of men who make a practice
of marauding innocent people that the statement is
made that in overwhelming majority, prisoners be-
long to that vast body of human beings living in
American society in whom the survival instinct does
not seem to be wed to that social mechanism, i.e.,
economic, political, intellectual, emotional—that
makes community living meaningful to other people.
This is not a humanistic defect for there is no law,
cop, court or jail that can force the human animal to
view commendably a situation in which he finds it
difficult to thrive.

After the courts have decided to isolate a man
because of his marauding proclivities, there is no
reason to pursue the criminal fiction further as a be-
havioral entity.

The agencies of the law need not be an enemy of
the prisoner in order to protect society. That alien-
ates and invites hostility—a luxury society can ill
afford since 90% of all men serving time are inevi-
tably returned to it. Though it may be resisted
bitterly, it is nonetheless true that the only real pro-
tection society can ever hope to receive is through
intelligent, helpful, friendliness towards those who
violated it.

A prisoner is, by virture of the unsociality of his
experience, more than anything, a realist. He is
instinctively canny in perceiving falsity in human be-
ings and systems. He is, therefore, incapable of
being reached except through an effort that respects
sincerely the whole of him.
