---
id: "858"
title: "3000 A. D."
author: "MILLER, Edward T."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
3000 A.D.

by Edward 1. Miller

MONITOR REPORT

Dec. 14. 3000 .. Apprehended suspect in helioport. Refused to identify himself. Checked his baggage
and found two (2) X-Eno rings. Suspect was then removed to the detention process-
ing-center.

Dec. 15. 3000 ..  After morning consultation with the psychiatric-electron-device, suspect was identified as:
Anton Davi Mobisc . . of Polish and French extraction ... Age ... 32-34 ... Finger
print and brain encephalograph ... Negative... No previous Adjustments. ....

Dec. 16. 3000 .. Communications established ownership of stolen rings ..... Complainant ... Astra
Belle . . inter-galaxial Diva.....

Dec. 17. 3000 .. Anton Davi Mobisc ... Registered at Hall of Justice ... Audience set for ... Dec.
20 ... 3000 A. D....

Our scene now shifts to a cozy anteroom at the great Hall of Justice, the date Dec. 20, 3000 A.D.

As we look in we find the suspect, Anton Davi Mobisc, comfortably seated in a plastic contour chair animat-
edly conversing with the custodial officers......

1st. Officer: . . . Look, Anton, that hard boiled stuff went out with the twentieth century.

2nd. Officer: . . .Yeah, you come clean, admit your crime and free yourself of guilt complexes, you don’t
want to be a schizo do you?

1st. Officer: . . . We can speak to the Justice for you, get you a break.

2nd. Officer: . . .We’ll report that you were very cooperative, that will go a long way.

Anton: . . . Gentlemen, you aren't suggesting that I violate my Constitutional Rights?

Both Officers: . . No! Oh, No! Nothing like that.

At this moment the inter-com summons Anton Mobisc into the Hall of Justice. It is not a very pretentious
room. Hardly larger than the anteroom. ‘There is one difference; six rather odd looking chairs, arranged
in a semi-circle facing a screen; on either side of the screen are oblong cabinets resembling computers. The
custodial officers seat themselves on either side of Anton who has chosen a seat second from left:

A strange metallic Voice: . . . Welcome to the Hall of Justice. Please be at ease. You will find both
Venusian and Martian Cigrons in the humidor at your chair. .

THE THREE SMOKE: 

S. M. Voice: . . .You, gentlemen, have a problem; you seek adjustment; I am at your service.

1st. Officer: . . . While seated, explains incident of apprehension of suspect, discovery of jewelry, etc.

2nd. Officer: . . .Verifies 1st. officer’s account. . .

S. M. Voice: . . .Please proceed.

1st. Officer: . . . We have here (arises, places object in cabinet at right) an Audio-Visio Tape of Astra
Belle the complainant, identifying the stolen jewelry.

Screen lights up projecting Astra Belle making original complaint then proceeds to identification of jewelry
(with original audio).

S. M. Voice: . . .l have evaluated your problem; after a few questions I will be ready to make an adjust-
ment: (to officers) Why did you select Anton to question at the Helioport?

1st. Officer: . . . We were acting on information received from a confidential source.

2nd. Officer:  . . .Yeah, a tip.

S. M. Voice: . . .Would you care to disclose your source of information?

Both Officers: . . No.

S. M. Voice: . . .Of course you obtained the necessary grant before apprehending the suspect?

1st. Officer: . . . No we didn’t. There was no time.

2nd. Officer: . . .Yeah! We would have lost him. Our tip... er...source told us to get out there right
away, didn't she Frank?

Anton: . . . She! She You mean . . .

S. M. Voice: . . .Of course you, gentlemen, realize that without the proper grant all proceedings so far, are
negligible.

Anton: . . . (Dazed) Ooh what’s the use?

S. M. Voice: . . .Anton, you realize that you don't have to say anything, but | must warn you that your
chair contains an untruth-detector.

Anton: . . . I have nothing to say.

S. M. Voice: . . .I detect another problem lying submerged. . . . . .hmmm. . . . hmmm. . . Anton, are you
married?

Anton: No.

A loud bell rings. . . . the screen lights up in large block letters spelling out the word “UNTRUTH”. . . . . . .
There is a stunned silence. . . . . . . .

S. M. Voice: . . .(interrupting silence) So, in spite of my warning you have committed an untruth. Do you 
want to become a monster?

1st. Officer: . . . Apparently the suspect is a victim of far greater moral deterioration than we had realized. .

S. M. Voice: . . .(interrupting) If you don’t mind, as the mediator here, I'll decide the suspect's condition.
So far, I see two adjustments to be made. Anton, do you have anything to add?

Anton: . . . No. Yes, there is, I wish to correct the untruth. I am married.

S. M. Voice: . . ..Ah, now we are making progress. Anton are you happily married?

Anton: . . . No, the last two years have been miserable, nothing but nag, nag, nag.

S. M. Voice: . . .Is there an extra-marital complication?

Anton: . . . Oh no, it’s just that I can’t stand any more nagging.

S. M. Voice: . . .You, officer, stop at the registrar's desk and a Grant will be waiting. I want to talk to
Mrs. Mobisc. In the meanwhile you, gentlemen, are excused for lunch.

Anton Mobisc and the remaining officer dine at the sumptuous cafeteria in the Justice Building; when they
return to the consultation room they find that Mrs. Mobisc is already seated and apparently quite agitated.

S. M. Voice: . . .Welcome gentlemen. I trust that you enjoyed your lunch. I am told that the bean soup
is excellent. If the lady has no objection you may smoke.

Anton: . . . Marya. .. Why did you do it?

Mrs. Mobisc: . . .Well, Anton, | just don’t know how to begin. .

S. M. Voice: . . .Perhaps I can be of assistance. Anton Mobisc you and your wife are physical, cultural
and moral opposites, therefore, entirely incompatible. Mrs. Mobisc has indicated to me that
she wishes to terminate your relationship. It was she who supplied the information to the
officers, to save you from yourself.

Anton: . . . I am shocked, but if she wishes termination, so be it.

S. M. Voice: . . .Now there is the problem of restitution to the complainant.
I have spoken to Astra Belle
on the audio-viz and since her property has been returned to her she is willing to settle for
the nominal rental fee, which is 1% of Total-Val. If you do not have this amount it will
be deducted from your Insurance Fund. Do you have anything further to add?

Anton: . . . I wish to unburden myself. It was an impulse which came over me apparently because
of my marital conflict.

S. M. Voice: . . .l am going to recommend that you, Anton, take a vacation to the planet Venus. The sooth-
ing atmosphere will do much to restore your peace of mind. Your marriage-termination
certificate will be awaiting you at the registrars desk. Good luck, or should I say good
hunting?

I want to commend you officers on a job well done. Mrs. Mobisc, thank you for your co-
operation, and good luck to you. You people are model citizens who have enabled me to
make the proper adjustments.
