---
id: "860"
title: "The Block of Ages"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Block of Ages
by Francis A. Murphy

We are not inclined to think of a penitentiary
inmate as a physically handicapped person, however,
few of us realize that most of us are handicapped to
some degree. In this particular instance, | am mak-
ing particular reference to those inmates who have
had the misfortune to have lost the use of an arm,
leg, vision, hearing, voice or some other part of their
bodies or minds, and/or the aged.

A handicap causes a certain degree of limita-
tion. But within the limitations of each handicap-
ped person there remains a usefulness and produc-
tivity that can be utilized if he is given the guidance
and opportunity. The extent of a handicap is deter-
mined by the degree of disability, and the individ-
ual’s capacity for self-adjustment under the proper
care. Because a man is on crutches or in a wheel
chair is no reason to ignore the ability he has in his
head. What handicapped people lack in their abi!-
ity to walk or stand up, they more than make up for
in manual dexterity, mental activity and general
crafts and skills. Among the population with
physical or mental disabilities housed on this “Block
of Ages,’ few are handicapped for ALL vocational
or occupational usefulness. These old boys make a
sincere effort with what they have — and sincere
effort goes a long way in winning any battle. Per-
haps higher authority has erred in overlooking these
fellows. To err is human — but generally, a much
better excuse is demanded of us.

Old age and its associated ailments are major
handicaps in an institution of this kind and size. It
is vitally necessary to have the proper facilities for
the care and rehabilitation of the aged and infirm.
Until something more definite is available for these
men to gauge what the future holds for them, a very
moderate degree of optimism should be the order of
the day.

At the present time, 9 Block is the designated
area for the housing of 45 of these inmates, 39 of
whom are either aged, infirmed or both. This “Block
of Ages’ is made more comfortable to some extent,
by a lesser degree of the difficulties, complications
and perplexities of the every day general prison rou-
tine.

Approximately 16 to 18 men who are housed
in this area are physically capable of leaving the sec-
tion for light work. These are primarily heart cases
and a few others who are ambulatory. Those who
are unable to work, rarely leave the confines of the
immediate area of their cells, and then only to walk
or roam about in a purposeless manner. Their lot,
apparently, is just to languish and decay, friendless
and alone.

We have the more loquacious old timers who
are quick to catch the enthusiasm and humor of the
younger fellows who are assigned to the block as
workers. Most of these old boys are sports enthu-
siasts, I.V. fans, and take very active roles in the
many and varied subjects that come up for debate
and friendly argument. Asa rule, these fellows are
mild in manner and disposition, showing courtesy
and respectful deference to their fellow inmates and
their block officer, Mr. William Sullivan, who, be-
sides his normal duties, must possess a compassion-
ate ear to listen to the real and imagined injustices,
and judge on same. He must act as moderator and
giver of the final word in all arguments. A sense of
humor is a prime requisite to go along with his cus-
todial duties. There is much humor here in this life,
that on the surface doesn’t seem very funny. In
spite of their misfortunes, they are humorous and
jocular, and not above a mild prank on occasion, and
are involved in many laugh provoking incidents.
There are those among them who are a blend of old
time sentimentality and social protest, full of sincer-
ity and free of hypocrisy and pretense. They call a
spade a spade, and let the chips fall where they may.

It is a grave mistake and an unsound method of rea-
soning to estimate some of these old boys below their
true value. In all probability, many of them have
lived such frantic lives, that now, the only thing they
find exciting is — the peaceful monotony of prison
life.

Much credit is due to inmate John “Blackie”
O’Lock, General Factotum of the block. He is pri-
marily responsible for the improved over-all living
conditions and the cleanliness of the section, because
of his ability to continually present a formula to meet
the immediate needs of the block, and to produce
more, with less human drudgery. He has a special
knack of utilizing the knowledge and experience of
some of the old boys who are still too young to be
“put out to pasture.” Help is a two-way street, and
Blackie is first to acknowledge how essential the co-
operation of the officials and inmates has been in ex-
pediting the transformation of 9 Block. Much paint,
soap, and muscle have made immense changes and
improvements; a whiteness and crispness that he and
his aides are continually trying to surpass.

Very little is known of the alertness that is so
vitally necessary in caring for the chronically ill, or
of the many acts of kindness that are considered run-
of-the-mill for 9 Block: The checking and recheck-
ing of heart patients; the painstaking conversation
and explanations that are given to the aged who are
not yet acclimated to their new surroundings, and
are easily shaken by the seeming disturbances of
change; the effort required to explain that the ‘‘old
order changeth,”’ giving place to the new, and if met
with understanding can often provide a brighter out-
look. The end results of this effort can be most grat-
ifying. Rewards vary with the individual. There is
no gratuity for these acts. Men do not receive their
greatest potential from a materialistic goal. Altru-
ism is not unknown, even among inmates of a peni-
tentiary.

Horace “Johnny” Bowers, Blackie’s aide-de-
camp devotes his every free minute in using his in-
genuity to acquire the many necessities for the block
when all attempts in other channels fail. He is for-
ever finding the things we need, when nobody loses
them. For the old boys, he can come up with cigars,
cigarettes, a chaw of tobacco, even a plug for the
knot hole in some old guy’s wooden leg. While
Blackie keeps an ever alert eye on a few of the old
boys who are a little reluctant to bathe regularly.
His suggestion to them to visit the shower room, goes
over like a pregnant woman in a bikini bathing suit.

In affording accommodations to the aged and
infirm, all meals are delivered via food truck directly
to each cell. Norman ‘Hooks’? Hoxter is our cu-
linary man in charge of silverware. He sterilizes,
delivers, and collects the eating utensils and food
dispensing equipment three times a day, and keeps
a neat and clean kitchen cabinet. Hook says, ‘“The
old timers really have good etiquette, and everyone
knows that good etiquette is knowing which two fin-
gers to put in your mouth when whistling for an ex-
tra cup of coffee.”

Others on the block who lend a helping hand
are: Paul Neal, Charlie Dione and Al Kumitis. My
apologies if | inadvertently overlooked anyone, and
I also wish to apologize for laughing at old Guy, he
has no teeth, but can chew celery until it sounds as
if he were walking on peach baskets. These old
boys have destroyed completely the foolish maxim
that the good die young.

It seems to me that when we decide to write an
article, we should also determine if we are going to
endeavor to offer something of value based either on
our experience and knowledge or derived from study
and research. If we can’t do either of these things,
at least we can respectfully offer a suggestion or two,
or ask questions. No question is a stupid question,
if it is asked in all sincerity. Many times something
of value may be accomplished in this manner. The
idea is: Let's not just sit here!

We realize that decisions of this nature cannot
be made inthe interest of pure sympathy and on
what might be justified in the eyes of some, by the
merits of the individual case. To undertake to eval-
uate objectively is indeed a perilous and humbling
task.

The motivation behind this article is aimed at
finding some new and more practical way of dealing
with a situation that — to my knowledge — has
made little or no progress in 20 years.

I do not wish to belittle the efforts already so
energetically pursued in the welfare of the aged and
infirm of 9 Block. However, I think much more can
be done for them. These are my personal opinions;
I hope they are accepted as such and not as conclu-
sions. My sole intent is to focus a little attention on
a situation, in hopes that perhaps a little better un-
derstanding could possibly lead to some logical sug-
gestions for a new course of action for some very
tired, sick, old men, who are sitting alone in a room
with no view.
