---
id: "861"
title: "Spotlight on the Dye Shop"
author: "McGinley, Donald"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Spotlight on the DYE SHOP.

Adjacent to 12 Block sits a
small white building which is us-
ually taken for granted. One
often wonders, however, whether
the men employed there have an
endless task, for the shop always
appears to be humming with ac-
tivity. On weekends (and some-
times untill 7:00 P.M.) its ma-
chinery can be heard and steam
can be seen bellowing from the
escape vents.

This shop is the Color Process-
ing Plant, or more commonly
referred to as the “Dye Shed.”
Judging by the quantity of work
produced, one would certainly
think that more than four men
work in this plant.

The senior employee of this ef-
ficient group is Christopher Rice.
He has worked |1 years in the
Color Processing Plant, has mas-
tered all the intricate skills of the
trade, and acts as instructor and
advisor to the other men. ‘They
are: William Cherry, 9 years at
the trade; Lamar Faison,6 years;
Welburn Hatfield, 5 years. These
men are likewise very adept in
this field and possess the qualifica-
tions to work anywhere at their
trade.

The Color Processing Plant
furnishes the shops of other state
institutions with various materials
for clothing, sheeting, toweling,
etc. It is under the supervision
of Alfred T. French Jr., Super-
visor of Correctional Industries.
Mr. French expresses his praise
for these men, and thinking back,
said he couldn't recall ever having
any complaints about the work
produced in their department. He
feels that these men would be a
credit to any outside industry.

In summing up, it would have
to be said that if diligence and
concientiousness play any part at
all in a man’s rehabilitation and
future success, then hats off to the
men who are "dying for their
living.” 

Chris Rice is removing material from the bleaching machine and is transferring it over
into the extractor, operated by Welburn Hatfield.

Chris and Lamar Faison rolling rack into the drying room.
