---
id: "862"
title: "The Captive World of Felix John Capone"
author: "BIANCONE, L. J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "16"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0018.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The 
Captive
World
of
Felix John Capone

A Profile by L. J. Biancone
(Former PPA Correspondent)

Every two weeks an elderly lady goes to the East-
ern State Correctional Institution at 21st street and
Fairmount Avenue to visit a 32-year-old prisoner
who ran afoul of the law at the age of 16.

Felix John Capone, the subject of these bi-weekly
excursions—over a span of some 16 years——may
still be a young teenager in the fancy of his widowed
mother’s eye, but in point of reality, he is a mature
man who has acquired a deeper understanding of
himself and others, and thereby broadened his own
horizons under the most adverse circumstances. To
most men many years his senior, the steel gates of
doom seemingly clang shut behind them with an om-
inous sound of finality. Not so for Felix John. Yet,
his burden is as heavy, if not heavier, than theirs.
You see, he’s a lifer. And but for his captive world,
he knows no other as an adult. The world of his
childhood—and the subjects of his childish dreams
—remain as mere memories abbreviated with
horror.

The world of his childhood came to an abrupt
and tragic end when Felix and three other youths,
all several years older than himself, embarked on a
short-lived crime spree in the winter of 1947, when
the quartet undertook to stage an armed robbery of
a tavern. Felix was unarmed, however, and chose
to remain in a car parked nearby, while his confeder-
ates perpetrated the robbery.

As they boarded the waiting car to flee the scene
of the crime, one of the armed trio fired two aimless
shots into the darkness of the night, in a parting ges-
ture reminiscent of the wild west. Unfortunately,
one of the seemingly harmless shots struck and
killed a pedestrian nearly half a block away.

Felix, as part and parcel of the criminal episode,
was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced
to life imprisonment on the legal theory that his par-
ticipation—under Pennsylvania law—was a ‘‘proxi-
mate consequence" of his felonious adventure, even
though the act which killed was the act of another.
His confederates were likewise convicted, but the
penalty was fixed at death. Eventually, however,
their sentences were commuted to life imprisonment
by executive clemency.

Prisons nowhere, of course, have approached the
ideal as it exists in Samuel Butler's fabled land of
Erewhon— of treating felons as sick men come to a
hospital. But in the use of new methods and indi-
vidual approaches, considerable progress has been
made toward the ideal of curing prisoners of their
ills and remaking their personalities.

Felix John is a classical case history in point.
Upon his commitment to the penitentiary, he was
routinely interviewed by the chaplain of his faith.
With appropriate rapport, in due time his religious
background and other interests were explored. No
miracles were performed, none were claimed. But
like all men wrought with anguish and remorse, he
was in need of spiritual guidance and got it—reg-
ularly.

Today, some 16 years later, Felix is a mature man
with deep religious convictions. He not only attends
religious services regularly, but has been a self-ap-
pointed “‘church-sexton’’ for more than a decade.
He does not wear his religion on his sleeve, however,
or go about the institution sanctimoniously seeking
to preach to others. To the contrary, he is only
conspicuous by his ability to avoid trouble and elo-
quent in his comparative silence, even in a given situ-
ation not much to his liking. In fact, he has not
been cited or in the least reprimanded for the slight-
est infraction of the rules and regulations governing
the prison throughout his entire long confinement.
A high-ranking prison official at Eastern, who
makes it his business to know all prisoners on a first-
name-basis, recently said of Felix, ‘he’s the type of
person I wouldn't hesitate to trust around my own
home.”

Felix’s early classification status—like most pri-
soners—recommended (it’s never compelled) that
he seek psychological counseling. He voluntarily
sought and acquired some two years of group thera-
py. Subsequent testings recommended none.

Lacking a formal education, he likewise sought
and acquired academic training. Under civilian ac-
credited teachers, he acquired a high school edu-
cation and was awarded a diploma by the State De-
partment of Public Instruction. Thomas H. Graham,
former Director of Education, now Director of Treat-
ment, described Felix as “‘a student with exceptional
qualities who was never tardy or absent from classes,
and pursued his studies with the zeal of a post-grad-
uate scholar.’ Adding, “I don’t mean that he was
a brilliant student with exceptional passing grades,
but he was extremely conscientious . worked
hard all the time.’ Suspending his thoughts for a
moment, the Temple alumnus declared, “for a boy
who was considered academically retarded, his pro-
gress, academically and otherwise, is truly remark-
able."

To supplement his academic training, Felix took
several correspondence courses and completed them.
His vocational aptitude qualified Felix for assign-
ment to the institution's printing plant, where he has
been creatively and productively employed through-
out most of his confinement. In addition to a six-
year required apprenticeship under skilled civilian
supervision, Felix took a three-year non-required
course in graphic arts under specialized civilian tute-
lage. Alfred French Jr., Supervisor of Correctional
Industries at the Philadelphia institution, described
Felix as ‘‘a well-trained journeyman of demonstra-
ted versatile ability, who requires absolutely no su-
pervision in his work.”’ Among the various printed
material produced for Federal, State and County
tax-supported institutions and agencies, the excel-
lence of Felix’s work as a printer can be seen in the
regular monthly edition of “Sparc,’’ published for
the Philadelphia Association for Retarded Children.
He likewise prints the prison publication, “The East-
ern Echo,’ whose excellence in typography is unex-
celled in a field of some 300 prison publications
published throughout the Western Hemisphere.

Like the wedding feast of Cana, the best literary
wine was saved for the last—Felix’s mental growth
and personality development, which eloquently re-
flects itself in everything he does or says.

In addition to preparing the barn-like structure—
which passes for a chapel-auditorium—for regular
religious services, Felix is a member of the choir,
which he helped form nearly a decade ago. Strange
as it may seem, no one is officially in charge of the
choir, but everyone looks to Felix for guidance.
Though the Chaplain may offer suggestions from
time to time, he in no way interferes with the choir’s
efforts and is content to “leave matters up to Felix.”

Felix’s extra-curricular activities, among other
things, includes a regular turn as one of four experi-
enced projectionists at weekly motion picture shows
and some athletic recreation during the summer
months. Though he retains much of his youthful
appearance at 32, he gave up playing football two
years ago, “because I am too old for that now.”
While he excelled as a 170-pound 5-foot, 7-inch
halfback on the gridiron, he is now content to limit
his athletic activities to baseball as a mediocre out-
fielder and an occasional turn at weight-lifting, “just
to keep from growing stale.”

Felix reads almost anything from astrology to
zoology, but shows a preference for current event
and world affairs, ‘“‘because it gives me a panoramic
view of life beyond prison walls.’’ He prefers to
associate with older prisoners, “because they are
more settled in their ways and less likely to get into
trouble.” He poignantly observes, “Some younger
prisoners are like spirited colts not yet broken to the
bit...’ Though Felix has turned his back on the
felon’s world, he nonetheless enjoys the enviable
status among his mates as being a ‘right guy.’ ‘This
simply means he is a friend to all and enemy to none.
On the humorous side, Felix enjoys a good laugh now
and then even when the gag is on himself. Because
of his cheerful outlook upon life, Felix is often
chided in good fun by other inmates.

Always neatly attired in freshly pressed prison
garb and a full crop of well-groomed brown hair,
now thinning out with slight traces of gray, Felix is
often chided for consuming so much time in prepar-
ing for his visits. Polishing his shoes to a high lustre,
Felix eagerly looks forward to these visits as though
the first was the last and the last the first. Felix’s
mother never sees his shoes because of a waist-high
solid concrete partition, topped by wire mesh and
steel bars which extend to the ceiling as mute evi-
dence of their long seperation.

Their parting kiss is but an intangible mental
flash, long sought to become a reality ... in a
homecoming embrace.
