---
id: "863"
title: "Reconsturction of a Human Being"
author: "Pearson, Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
RECONSTRUCTION OF A HUMAN BEING

by Martin J. Pearson

Every chess player recognizes the similarity be-
tween life and chess. To play strong chess one must
have patience, foresight, powers of concentration
and the ability to distinguish between good and bad
moves. These same talents are required in everyday
life.

When a weakness is discovered in our chess game,
looking deep within we will find the corresponding
weakness in our personality make-up. It is impos-
sible to correct the one without correcting the other.

Years of experience across the boards has enabled
me to obtain a close look at the personalities of my
opponents, many of whom have sported fronts to
keep their defects and shortcomings under cover
during the course of everyday life. They cannot
hide these defects on the chess board.

All persons in prison (and many not in prison)
have defects of character which have caused them
to be in their present predicament. In order for
them to remain outside of the walls, once their re-
lease has been attained, these defects must be
corrected.

The first step calls for recognizing these weak-
nesses and admitting that we, and not society, are
wrong. Once we are able to accept the responsi-
bility for our misdeeds, then we can seek the means
to correct the weaknesses that have caused our down-
fall.

Most of us are proud of our individuality, believ-
ing that through crime we are expressing ourselves as
individuals and showing the world we are claiming
the rights of individuals to life, liberty and happiness.

True, these are the basic rights of all, but no one
is permitted to exercise them by violating the rights
of others; which in effect all perpetrators of crime
are doing.

When the rights of others are violated, then the
violators forfeit all claims to their own. Only when
society is assured that these violations will not be re-
peated will they feel safe in permitting us to return to
their midst. To live as an individual one must first
learn to live and cooperate in a group.

Many of us were of the opinion that the world
owed us a living; on the contrary, the world owes us
nothing. A person only receives from this world
what he puts into it. Give evil and you will receive
evil; give good and you receive good.

In the course of expressing ourselves as individuals
we showed utter contempt for all authority. No
one was going to tell us what we could or could not
do. This is ridiculous.

Our behavior in the past is a good example why
authority and discipline are necessary. Mankind
has not reached the stage where it can survive with-
out laws.

Someone has to direct us so that we may
continue to live. Without authority and discipline
we would revert back to an era beyond our known
history, and God only knows what would happen
then. In all probability, few of us would be alive
today.

Until man attains the pinnacle of civilization
where the rights of others will be respected above
his own, laws will be a necessity. If he ever reaches
that goal there will not be a need for authority and
discipline.

After accepting the fact that we are the cause of
our troubles we must begin to educate ourselves to
attain the right perspective towards life. Every
individual has certain principles which govern his
life and in the past our principles were centered
around self-gratification. Everything we did was
for our own benefit, regardless of the damage others
suffered as we strived to sate those selfish desires.
Our very thoughts, deeds and words were evil; now
we must do the opposite.

Reflect upon your past, noticing that when you
harbored these evil thoughts you received like in
return. Try thinking, speaking and doing good,
then notice what happens.

When we finally return to society we must be pre-
pared to begin a new life. Above all, we must
never return to the same conditions and circum-
stances which surrounded us in the past. If we
wish to become decent members of the community,
we must start life anew; a different residential sec-
tion, new friends, new job, everything must be
different.

Insisting upon a return to the old way of life, in all
probability will only mean an eventual return to
prison. This we must never do.

Most penal institutions today, have programs
which enable the men confined in them to obtain a
formal education and receive assistance in under-
standing their problems, as well as trade schools
and other activities which are beneficial toward
preparing the men for their return to society.

These activities were not instituted to create jobs,
but to give us the opportunity to prepare ourselves
so that we may be better prepared to cope with life
and the problems of everyday existence.

While behind these walls we have plenty of time
in which to prepare ourselves for the future. Many
do not have a means to earn their livelihood and
now is the time for them to learn a trade or occupa-
tion. Too many have refused to take advantage of
the facilities offered them. In later years they wiil
regret this action.

I have often seen fellows on the verge of doing
something to help themselves, when along would
come a right guy telling them they were foolish to
let these people tell them what to do. In effect the
right guy was saying, “Don’t do what they say, do
what I say.”

It is a shame to see how many fellows are swayed
by these and other remarks. They do not realize
the damage they are doing to their lives just to stay
on the good side of a person who hasn't the slightest
concern for them or anybody else. Reject these
people, they mean you no good.

Most fellows in prison have great difficulty distin-
guishing between the right and wrong course of
action because they do not contemplate the ultimate
results of their actions. Whenever a decision must
be made which affects your future and the future of
others, all personal feelings must be put aside and
the thing looked at objectively; will our actions ben-
efit us? benefit others? will they harm us? harm
others?

Any course which is detrimental to us or to others
must be rejected, even if it means alienating relations
with our so-called friends. Remember, a true
friend will never ask you to do anything which will
jeopardize your welfare.

Our future is all we have left, our past has been a
mess and our present conditions are horrible. Who,
in his right mind, wants to spend his entire life behind
concrete walls? If you like prison, by all means
continue your present way of life. If you don’t like
it, then hurry, do something before you are check-
mated.
