---
id: "866"
title: "The Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Musician’s Corner

by Frederick Adams

It can be assumed, with a certain
amount of accuracy, that all musicians
aspire to perform on their instruments
with other musicians, be he student,
amateur or other. With this thought
in mind, I would like to discuss a few
aspects that are necessary in developing
some degree of professionalism. The
same problems and their corrective
methods exist in both the dance band
and concert band and do not differ in
theory. However, in the dance band
because of its smaller instrumentation
and exposed situation of the parts, the
problems are emphasized.

One of the factors that immediately
distinguish the amateur from the pro-
fessional organization is precision. In
top bands there is an absolute precision
of attack, release and phrasing. This
is not achieved by a tapping of the feet
or by just watching the leader. That
is just the beginning. Precision can be
completely acquired only when the mu-
sicians feel together, work with each
other, think with each other —in short,
the members of the band must obtain
such a close awareness of one another
in the group that the split second of the
attack or release is intuitive.

While the members must work for
this precision, it must never become
mechanical or stiff. This aspect of
precision cannot be taught. It can
come only from experience and playing
together.

The student must learn to follow the
leader. In all dance band music there
is slight variations in phrasing and spe-
cial effects such as shakes and fall-offs.
The player must follow the lead of his
section head who will establish the ex-
act moment and manner of execution.
The leader in this situation will vary
with the different sections of the music.
In the case of a sax soli the leader will
be the first alto sax, and when involved
in a complete ensemble chorus the
leader will then be the first trumpet
player. These two positions are the
key spots in any band. All players
must follow their lead in attacking,
releasing, and phrasing.

Many students do not listen as they play and some
do not know what to listen for. This creates faulty
intonation. The musician must understand that he
has a dual role—that of playing a melodic or quasi-
melodic line and that of playing harmony in chordal
structure.

He must become aware of playing in
tune and to listen to the harmony of the chord. He
does not play ina vacuum. All elements, from the
harmonic rhythm of the piano and bass to the melo-
dy and contrapuntal fills of the band, must mesh into
an harmonious whole.

He must know his instrument and the notes of his
instrument that will tend to be out of tune. Knowl-
edge of the alternate fingerings will help to bring
those notes into tune. The student will have to learn
the various characteristics of his instrument—for
example, the saxes have a tendency to go flat on a
crescendo and to go sharp on a diminuendo because
of dropping the jaw or pinching the embouchure; the
reverse is true with the brass having a tendency to go
sharp on a crescendo and flat on a diminuendo due
to adding or detracting air pressure without applying
lip compensation.

Other than the generalized facts mentioned above,
there are more specific areas of intonation problems
that must be pointed out.

1. Open octaves in the brass, particularly if the
upper voice is above the staff.

2. Unison high notes in both the brasses and
reeds.

3. Mixed combinations of instruments in soli or
duet passages; trumpet and sax or clarinet
and sax, especially in the upper register.

4. Loud sections and heavy accents will tend to
be forced. Many students will overblow on
loud sections. They should realize the dif-
ference between overblowing and projection
of the tone.

5. Pedal notes on the trombone will usually be
sharp.

6. Extremely soft sections in the brasses will
have a tendency to be flat since they are usu-
ally played by pinching and without enough
breath support.

A balanced sound is achieved when each part is
clearly heard. There must be a proper amount of
"Lead." The melody or top part must predomi-
nate. This will usually be the first trumpet, first
alto, or in the solo part. Occasionally, in the sax
section, the lead may swiich to the first tenor. All
others are subordinated to this part but is not meant
to imply that the other parts are not important as the
lead. Every part is important. When playing with-
in a section or on a complete ensemble part the
supporting players should play “up to’ the lead,
which means to play their parts as loud as the lead.
All parts should be heard equally but never over-
power the top part.

When playing a modulation, the player who has
the modulating note or notes should take care to
play them with a little emphasis but not to the extent
of overpowering the others. These notes will easily
be recognized as they will be the notes that are acci-
dentally sharpened, flattened or naturalized in the
passage.

When using vibrato within a section all section
men should match the pattern used by the lead man.
Differences in vibrato will have an effect on the bal-
ance of the chord. Tone quality, also, has to be
matched within the sections as close as possible.

If a chord is spread throughout the band with the
trumpets on top, saxes in the middle and the trom-
bones at the bottom, the lower men should play just
a little louder in order to acquire the needed balance.

An overwhelming number of amateur and student
musicians play with an almost complete disregard of
dynamics. In most instances they play at a con-
sistent mezzoforte level which produces no interest
and very little contrast. Students must realize that
it is not necessary to blast all the time in order to be
heard.

Close attention should be paid to all dynamic
markings bringing out all accents and szforsandos.
When playing the forte-piano, attack on “1’’ and ex-
aggerate the softening. Watch for all crescendos
and diminuendos. These should be exaggerated
also.

It cannot be stressed enough, the importance of
listening to what is going on in the band and ac-
quiring an awareness of what is happening around
you. Last, listen to the professional band but lis-
ten to different sections at different times and to the
full ensemble parts. Listen analytically. This is a
great ear-opener.
