---
id: "867"
title: "Civil Defense Trainees"
author: "Lees, Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Civil Defense Trainees--- recognized by
National Civil Defense Bureau

by Martin Lees

A modicum of praise should be channeled in the
direction of the men who completed the exacting and
trying course of the Civil Defense Emergency Medical
Self-trainnmg Program.

The classes were under the personal supervision of
Doctor Nathan Blumberg, Medical Director of this
institution, ably assisted by Sgt. Ronald J. Marks.

The program was first instituted on December 12,
1962, and consisted of one hour per week over a |2
week period. There were |2 separate phases to the
completed program, consisting of:

1. Radio Active Fall-Out

2. Hygiene, Sanitation and Vermin Control

3. Water and Food

4. Shock

5. Bleeding and Bandaging

6. Artificial Respiration

7. Transportation

8. Fractures and Splinting

9. Burns

10. Nursing Care of Sick and Injured

11. Emergency Child Care

12. Emergency Child Birth

Each separate phase consisted of lectures and a
series of illustrated motion picture slides, plus books
and instruction pamphlets to be studied on each sub-
ject. At the completion of the course, a written ex-
amination was required.

The Civil Defense Program has provided the
institution with a group of men who under abnormal
circumstances will be able to act rationally and apply
what they have been taught, with the required skill.

The National Civil Defense Bureau is cognizant of
the effort extended by these men and recognize their
importance and vital function inside these four walls.

We all hope there will never be a need for these
men to participate in a National Emergency; however
—they are prepared.

On December 11, 1962 the initial group of grad-
uates were awarded Certificates of Achievement by
Dr. Nathan Blumberg, M.D., and Superintendent
A. T. Rundle.

On 12-11-62 the first group consisted of:

C. Johnston 
S. L. Woodhouse 
H. R. Bowers 
R. Parrott 
J. O'Shaughnessy 
W. Baity 
M. Taylor 
W. Galla 
C. Mitchell 
C. L. Howard 
E. Parks 

J. L. Fisher
S. Endress
P. Delehanty
R. J. Lee
J. W. Caughlin
W. Perry
L. W. Tyrell
J. Cooney
J. M. Jowett
T. S. Ozimac
R. A. Wallender
J. M. Flarety

The second and final class were awarded their
certificates on 4-11-63. They were:

J. Salvanish 
J. O’Lock 
R. Gildea 
N. Spencer 
J. Dunham 
J. Williams 
G. Newton 
F. Smith 
J. Saddler 

C. Terry
R. L. Scott
R. Cease
F. Rouse
B. Lewis
J. Mackell
L. Jones
H. Lawrence
M. R. Hardy
M. J. Kratilian

Doctor Blumberg stated that he was pleased that
the men were so exact in their attendence and had
put their interest in such a fine and worthy cause.

Equally pleased was Superintendent Rundle as he
made the following statement: ‘‘He was happy to see
the men take an interest in a program which not
only was beneficial to the men in the program, but
perhaps could serve a useful purpose in the future to
someone who did not gain the knowledge from at-
tending our Civil Defense Program.”
