---
id: "87"
title: "Theme and Variations"
author: "Culp, Jerry D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Culp, Jerry D."
year: "1956"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "1"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_march1956_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THEME and VARIATIONS

Looking back over ten years of music in here,
the thought occured to me to choose from among the
musicians I have known and performed with, those
whom I think would make up a good dance band.
Of course, this is merely my selection and is not that
of other members of the present dance band.

It has been my privilege te swing with some
pretty good cats in Ye Olde Bastile. I can recall
times when all our troubles and personal pressures
seemed to leave us and the music flowed from within
in a powerful stream, and other times when we were
nowhere, man, just nowhere. However, to return to
my selecting what I consider to be the best aggre-
gregation in here over the years, here goes:

First Alto Sax _____________ Bill Pitman.
Second Bb Tenor ____________ Sherrod
Third Alto _________________ Bill Taylor
Fourth Baritone _____________ Al Rasky
First Trumpet ______________ Joe Fatio
Second Trumpet ________________ Val
Third Trumpet ____________ Dick Gilday
Fourth Trumpet ________ Harry Johnson
First Trombone ___________ Leo Ficzko
Second Trombone __ Bobby Heinemann
Third Trombone _______________ M.C.
Piano ____________ Willy Porky Moore
Bass ______ Clev. Brown & Jack Beradi
Guitar ________________ Harry Philips
Drums ____________ Bill Schoonmaker

If the readers of this magazine will write down
the names of the musicians whom they think are the
most and give it to Al Rasky, your next Music
Editor, he will publish the results of that poll. Copy
down the above list of instruments and fill in the man
you select for each chair. If you can’t find Al, give
it to Mr. Brown, the Musical Director, and he will
turn it over to Al. All musicians selected must be
either present or former inmates of E. S. P.

Jerry D. Culp
