---
id: "871"
title: "I Was in Prison and You Came to See Me"
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From Our Chaplains ---

"I was in Prison and
You came to see Me"
Matt. XXVI-36

Father John J. McHugh
Catholic Chaplain

Paraphrasing the words of Our
Lord, our late Holy Father, Pope John
XXII on the occasion of his historic
visit to a Rome jail said to the inmates:

“You cannot come to see me so I came
to see you." This visit was significant
because it was one of the first of the
tradition breaking activities cf the be-
loved Pontiff. It showed the warmth
of the spirit of Pope John and his deep
love for humanity. The fact that he
took time out on a busy Christmas day
to visit the least of his brethern indi-
cates that he considered prisoners peo-
ple with human dignity and human
feeling.

We can all profit from the example
set by Pope John. Too often when a
man is sentenced to prison he is soon
forgotten by his family, friends and
relatives. Yet there is no time when
he needs them more. It is while he is
in confinement that a man needs as-
surance that he is not discarded and
there is someone on his side. Although
he may have made mistakes, the pri-
soner is doing penance for them and
while we cannot condone the sin we
should not condemn the sinner.

The fact that someone is interested
in him will keep a man from being
discouraged and restore hope and con-
fidence. A visit or a letter can be the
difference between a bittered and hard-
ened criminal without friends and a
self assured man, confident that the
loyalty and trust of family and friends
was not in vain.
