---
id: "875"
title: "Penal Press Exchange"
author: "CHESTER, F. C. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0029.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Penal Press Exchange
by F. C. Chester

THE RECOUNT
Canon City, Colorado

Keep em coming, last issue tops.

SHADOWS
Salem, Oregon

I have just finished your spring issue—the
very best to date. Your Editorial “Marshals,
Money and Men,” concerns all of us. I have
seen too many men return who, if they had
had the help you propose, would never re-
turn.

THE MENARD TIME
Menard, Illinois

I have several of your recent issues here.
With all the good reading in them I find it
hard to single out one article to write about.
I thought your story of finding the old
newspapers in old cell block #1 was very
interesting.

THE FOLSOME OBSERVER
Represa, California

I have been meaning to congratulate you on
the good job you do. I do wish you would
mark each Photo with the photographer’s
name. I have a very selfish reason for ask-
ing. One of your photographers is a friend
of mine.

THE MENTOR
South Walpole, Mass.

Your April issue is full of very good report-
ing. I especially liked “The Do-Gooder.”
My thanks to Paul Benzaquin. “The Last
Full Ounce" is, I feel, a very important
article. As a victim of the “Detainer Sys-
tem” I know how it feels to be hounded
around from prison to prison I would like
to see this article reprinted many times.

KILBY SUN
Kilby, Alabama

I have read several items in your recent
issues about your “Plasma Plant.” How
about giving us a complete run-down on it?
I read with interest that you are now offer-
ing a course in typewriter repair in your
school. I envy you the live shows you get to
see.
