---
id: "876"
title: "Chess News"
author: "Pearson, Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "28"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0030.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Chess
News
by Martin J. Pearson

At the Annual Chess Banquet on
Monday, April 22, 1963, Superintend-
ent Rundle paid tribute to the members
of the ESP Chess Club for their fine
caliber of play and efforts towards
rehabilitation.

What impressed him most was the
intense concentration of the men dur-
ing the weekly sessions held in the
Staff Room. So engrossed were the
players that Superintendent Rundle’s
appearance in the playing area usu-
ally went unnoticed.

The Phila. Chess Assn. was well
represented with the presence of Ed-
ward Strehle, President, Alfred Suarez,
Vice President, Joseph Nienalt, Post
#396 (current City Champions),
Norman Canter, Temple University
(Reserve Team Champions), Harvey
Ritter and Donald McKenzie, Chester
Pike (Industrial League Champions),
Alex Agre, Franklin-Mercantile Chess
Club, Edward Belcher, Castle Chess
Club and Herbert C. Gross, Phila.
Electric Co.

All the Association members gave
short addresses praising the club, and
Norman Canter, Temple University
capped off the speeches by starting,
“If ESP gets any stronger I may join
you."

This writer stuck his neck out, pre-
dicting first place finishes for all of our
teams in the coming season.

The climax of the evening was the
presentation of the following awards
for outstanding play in the Club
Championship Tournament and City
League Competition.

BEST PERFORMANCE * INDUSTRIAL LEAGUE ..... KARL THORNTON
                                           NATHANIEL EASLEY
BEST PERFORMANCE * RESERVE TEAM .......... FLOYD JACKSON
BEST PERFORMANCE * CHAMPIONHIP TEAM ...... MARTIN J. PEARSON
1ST BRILLIANCY PRIZE ..................... THOMAS GOODFELLOW
2ND BRILLIANCY PRIZE ..................... JOHN J. WALKER
3RD BRILLIANCY PRIZE ..................... ALLEN COLBERT 
BEST PERFORMANCE * UNRATED PLAYER ........ CHARLES C. CLARK
BEST PERFORMANCE * D CLASS PLAYER ........ BERNARD HARRIS
BEST PERFORMANCE * C MINOR PLAYER ........ STANLEY MOROZ
BEST PERFORMANCE * C MAJOR PLAYER ........ NATHANIEL EASLEY
BEST PERFORMANCE * B CLASS PLAYER ........ JOHN O'SHAUGHNESSY

For the first time in the history of
the club a tie developed for 1st place
in the Championship Tournament.
This was a very close tournament, the
winner not being decided until the final
round.

Whenever a tie develops in this tour-
nament, the Median Tie Breaking Sys-
tem is used to break the deadlock.
This is the combined scores of the tied
players opponents’ scores, with the ex-
ception of the two highest and two
lowest scores. The player with the
greater Tie Breaking Points is then
awarded the disputed position.

Going into the 12th Round of play,
Thomas Williams, Martin Pearson and
Floyd Jackson were tied for Ist place.
Pearson disposed of his opponent early
and the entire outcome depended on
the Williams-Jackson match. If these
two drew, Pearson would have cinched
1st place.

This important game was very tight
until the final position was reached.
Jackson had a drawn game but missed
the proper continuance and conse-
quently lost the match to Williams.

In second place with a 10-2 score
and 63 Tie Breaking Points was Martin
J. Pearson (last season’s Champion.)

The 1962-63 Championship went to
Thomas Williams who posted a 10-2
score with 64 Tie Breaking Points.
Thomas finally achieved a long ambi-
tion. He always has been one of our
top players, but 1st place constantly
eluded him till now.

Other noteworthy performances
were given by Leonard Massey, Floyd
Jackson, Harry Farrell and Charles
Buonassisi.

The Phila. City League Tourna-
ments ended in the same fouled up
condition that marked the start. There
was a two month delay before play
finally began and by the end of May
the final results still weren't clear due
to postponements, forfeits and drop-
outs.

Our Industrial Team definitely fin-
ished in 3rd Place with 5 Wins (3 of
them forfeits), 3 Losses and 2 Draws.
However, the Official Scorekeeper has
only credited us with 3 Wins, 3 Losses
and 4 Draws. This situation will be
remedied as soon as he can be con-
tacted.

The Reserve Team finished with 5
Wins, 2 Draws and 4 Losses, with their
final position still in doubt pending
completion of other matches. One
victory, against Univ. of Penna., was
taken away from us because the Uni-
versity dropped from the tournament.

The Championship Team suffered
through the worst season ever, winning
3 matches (2 by forfeit) and losing 6
matches. Most of the losses were very
close, with one point meaning the dif-
fence between victory and defeat.
Several clubs, notably Post #396,
Univ. of Penna., and the Pawn Club,
never before left here victorious, but
did so this season.

We promise you that next season
the ESP Chess Club will once again
attain the excellent status of previous
seasons.
