---
id: "877"
title: "Mexican League"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
MEXICAN LEAGUE

Dawe Croseiom . . . . . . Commissioner
Stanley “Reds”? Gray . . Official Scorer
Willie Fordam . . . . . . . . . Umpire
Bernard Clarkson. . . . . . . Umpire
Harry . . . . . . . . . . . . Umpire

From all reports received out of this
league the Mets are running away with
the first half. I understand that they
are undefeated so far and at the present
time have a 20-0 record. When you
see their team roster you will under-
stand why they have such a record.
They have MacIntosh & Downs throw-
ing bullets and Dawkins, La Rue, Sug
and George Futch wielding some heavy
bats. There have been rumors that
some of the teams in the league have
been screaming “Break up the Mets”
which for years has been heard in the
American League regarding the New
York Yankees. Congratulations to the
Owner, George Futch and Manager Big
Dawk for fielding a good team. Lots
of luck in the second half. The Mets
felt like real champs a couple of weeks
ago and challenged the Cuban League
but they were put in their place they
lost both games. Better luck next
time.

The Lynx’s are currently in second
place but they have promised the sec-
ond half will be different. They must
have found a secret weapon some
place. They have fine pitching in Larry
Jason. Could it be that they have found
another shot-gun?? ? ? Dupree their
owner must have something up his
sleeve. Eddie Brooks their Captain
and catcher has really been showing
great hustle as he always does no mat-
ter what sport he plays. Sam Lawson
also promised me the second half will
be different from the first. No one
will say what they have found to in-
spire this team to think they can win
the second half. All I can say is good
luck fellows and I'll be looking for this
secret weapon.

The Cardinals are in third place and
I have been told that this team will be
coming up with some new players in
the near future and they will be fight-
ing hard to get in for some of the hon-
ors in the second half.

The Rangers are in the cellar and
from all indications their owner, C. C.
Clark, will need that scout “Rico’’ to
find some good ball players for him.
I hope he can find them so that it will
make a better league and produce
much better games. The second half
should be getting underway shortly and
maybe some of these rumors will come
true. It is good to have a nice tight
league because it keeps the interest of
the spectators and the players in high
spirits.
