---
id: "882"
title: "Cuban Softball League"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0032.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
CUBAN SOFTBALL LEAGUE

Frank Armstead ... Commissioner
Russell Brooks ... Umpire
Hosea ... Umpire
Fleacher Gillyard ... Umpire
Ralph Burrell ... Umpire
John Gilmore ... Umpire

With the 1963 season upon us the
Falcons, who are pushing the Mustangs
for first place honors, suddenly find
themselves in a little trouble. They
have just lost two good players in Son-
ny Mays and Curley Heath. The Fal-
cons have acquired several new players
but their sting seems to have vanished
at least for the time being. King “No
No” is having a little trouble and is
serving up some luscious base hits as of
late. It seems that he has been throw-
ing many more pitches to each batter
than he normally does. Knowing “No
No’’ and being a player on the same
team with him during 1962 I know that
this is only a temporary slump and he
will come out of it with flying colors.
This is a team and they never say die
and will be in there fighting until the
last out is made. The Falcons have
signed up some great hitters for this
season in the persons of Lou McCloud,
“Chief’’ Custalow and Jesse Murphy.
Chief and Lou have teamed up with the
fleet footed Griffin and “Pigmeat,’’ the
only hold over from last years champi-
onship team, to give the Falcons the
best outfield in the league. “‘No No”
pitched two shut-outs during the first
two weeks of the season and achieved
an even greater performance and that
was throwing a No-Hitter against the
very same Dodgers who shut out the
Falcons in a previous game. Since
that no-hitter he has been weakening.
John Gilmore, the fiery coach of the
Falcons, who kept the players hustling
at all times, has been unanimously
voted on by the owners and Managers
of the four teams to be an umpire. This
will be a big help to all concerned.
Good luck John and | know you will
give all of us a good job.
