---
id: "884"
title: "Mustangs Roster"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0032.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
MUSTANGS ROSTER

Frank Rouse ............... Owner
Ed Parks ........... Player Coach
Chuck Taylor ................. 3B
Joe Massanova ............ OF & P
George Kalvitis ............... P
Fred Melinkoff ............... LF
Ed "Ski" Udzienski ........... 1B
Frank Donohue ................ OF
Ray "Jesse" Walters ...... Scorer
Art Pfrommer, Manager ........ OF
Paul Barringer, Captain ...... SS
Bob Gerlach .................. 2B
Ronnie Werner ....... C - OF - LF
Spike Salvanish .............. OF
Don McGinley ................. OF
"Cowboy" Wiand ............... IF
John O'Kane .................. OF

The Mustangs startled the entire
league by knocking off the opposition
to gain a 10-0 record, at the outset of
the young season including two straight
wins from the highly touted Falcons.
Their first loss came from these same
Falcons beginning the second time
around. It’s a fact the Mustangs have
the two best pitchers in the league in
Kalvitis and Massanova. They are both
fastball pitchers. Massanova depends
mostly on his speed wherein Kalvitis
has good breaking stuff along with a
tantalizing curve ball that can make
you break your back if you aren’t care-
ful. Ronnie Werner a gifted athlete is
a once in a lifetime type that enters a
game. He is one of the best lead-off
men that has been around here for a
long time. He can kill you with his
bunts, because he has tremendous
speed and furthermore can also hit the
long ball. Whenever this fellow gets
as far as first base it’s just like getting
a triple because, before you know it, he
is standing on third waiting to be
scored. When Tommy Griffin was
playing with the Mustangs this was
their one-two punch, and believe me, it
was some punch. Werner is the only
player that I know of in this young sea-
son that has already played every posi-
tion in the infield and is also their
catcher. He gobbles up ground balls
with ease and throws like a 30-30 rifle
and yet he does most of the teams
catching. It is my opinion that with
his tools and credentials he should not
be behind the plate—for this position
could hamper him in movement and
throwing. This fellow only weighs
about 140 pounds and when you have
some 200 pounder running full speed
trying to score and a play is being made
on him something’s gotta give—and |
know it’s not going to be the big fellow.
He is much to valuable to the team
playing elsewhere than a catcher. At
this stage of the season this young fel-
low is leading the league in hitting with
a .431 Batting Average. Good Luck
Ronnie and take care of those bruises.
It is good to see that Bob Gerlach has
recovered from his recent attack of
Blood Poisoning. This team has a good
infield all the way around. Since Cow-
boy joined the team he has been hitting
very well, Chuck Taylor and Paul Bar-
ringer complete the infield. Both Frank
Rouse, their wonderful owner, and Art
their playing manager know it takes all
out hustle to win ball games and before
this season is over the Mustangs may
out hustle everyone and win the pen-
nant. Their present standing is 14-2.
The two defeats came from the Falcons
and Dodgers. Good luck Boys.
