---
id: "885"
title: "Braves Roster"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0032.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
BRAVES ROSTER

Ernest Robinson ............. Owner
Oliver "Tarzan" Hayman, Player Mgr.
Sammy Snyder ............... P & OF
Murray Dickerson ............... SS
Al Sheppard .................... OF
Frank Bordner ............. OF & IF
Robert Johnson ................. 1B
Rufus Leonard .................. OF
Bobby Volkert .................. 2B
Rupert Anderson ................. P
Big Mack ....................... 3B
Elmo Nickens ............... P & OF
John Walker .................... OF
Chuck Johnston ............. C & OF
Frank Smith .................... OF
Sam Jordan ..................... OF
Melvin McFall .................. SS
Howard Lawrence ................ OF 

The Braves got off to a very poor
start this season because they lost most
of their team from the 1962 season.
But as most of the fellows around here
know, leave it to Ernie and Hayman
and they will come up with something
sooner or later. They had to start
from almost scratch to build this team
and from what has been happening the
last couple of weeks they could very
easily finish the first half out of the cel-
lar. Their pitching staff consists of
Sammy Snyder, Nick and Rupert.
Sammy has been carrying most of the
load and hasn’t been doing too bad at
all. Rupert is a timid sort of a fellow
who doesn’t say much on the mound
while he is pitching but he can cut
down the opposition—ask the Falcons
—he has beaten them twice in two
week. Nick pitched in the Mexican
league in 1962 and decided it was time
to make the jump to the senior loop.
He has good speed but his control is off.
Hayman has spent hours with this fel-
low working with him on control and
it is beginning to show. Nick is gradu-
ally gaining his control and when he
does he will be tough to beat because
with his fast ball he keeps the batters
on edge. Bob Johnson has lost his hat
for not hitting. From all reports he is
having one of his worst years at first
base. He must be getting old. This is
a good young ball club with plenty of
speed. They have tremenduous hitting
power in Frank Smith, Big Mack, Bob
Johnson and John Walker. The speed-
sters also hit well but it is the all around
team play that wins games. The more
they play they'll “right’’ themselves and
eventually stand the strain of the game.
One of the younger players Murray
Dickerson is the most improved player
in the league. At shortstop he’s get-
ting the job done in fine style—and
keeps the Braves’ defense very tight
with glove and speed afoot in moving
to his left and right for those hard
smashes SHOT IN HIS DIRECTION.
Dick is really measuring up as a future
star. Hayman has been doing a lot of
the catching in order to help along his
young pitchers. Ernest Robinson, their
owner, has also been in several games
and don’t let anyone tell you he is get-
ting old. This ““Old Man”’ as they refer
to him almost killed the Falcons single
handed last season in the Championship
games. This is another year so, “Good
luck boys," and keep fighting hard.
