---
id: "886"
title: "Dodgers Roster"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0033.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
DODGERS ROSTER

Roger Barbee .................. Owner
“Big John” Giardino .. Player Manager
Rob Watson ....................... 3B
Joe Buzzard ...................... 1B
Tampa Red ........................ OF
Herb Allen ....................... CF
Rudy Dominquez ................... OF
Muggs Mulligan .................... P
John Alexander ............... C & OF
T. J. Hall, Captain ............... P
Charles (Rock) Swift ............. SS
Joseph E. Scoleri ................ 2B
Charles Whiting .................. 2B
Turk Baity ....................... OF
Herb Elliott ..................... OF
William Rice ................. C & IF
Arkansas Wilson .............. C & OF
Walter Slempa .................... OF 

The Dodgers, like the Braves, got off
to a very poor start. When the new
owners acquired this club all the play-
ers had been picked, but “‘Big John” re-
cruited what he could and is trying to
do the best he can. This club has the
material on paper to give any club in
the league a tough game. If the mem-
bers of this team would get together
and really put their minds down and
play ball the way they know how to
play they could be the spoilers in the
league. They have a good pitcher in
T. J. and Muggs is no easy touch either.
They have the best and for sure the
oldest infield in the institution in Joe
Buzzard-1B, Rock-SS and Rob Watson-
3B. Scoleri at 2B is far the youngest.
This boy has really learned to play his
position well and he can play the balls
hit off that wall just as if he has been
playing that position for many years.
As for the catching department we
again may not have the youngest but
we have the best in Alexander, Arkan-
sas and Rice. The outfield is not the
worst either, because there have been
some good plays made by Herb Allen,
Rudy, Turk, “Big John’? and Tampa.
Rudy and Charlie Whiting are excellent
reserves along with Slempa. We all
know that this team can play better ball
than the record indicates. It has been
oroven with victories over the Mustangs,
Falcons and Braves. There have been
games that this team had the lead until
the sixth and seventh innings only to go
down in defeat at the last moment be-
cause of errors. This team has only
been shut-out once and that was a no-
hitter thrown at them by “No No” of
the Falcons. They have the tools and
are going to go places once they get
started. This will be real soon—wait
and see. Come on fellows lets play
from the heart—you can do it.
