---
id: "890"
title: "Basketball"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_summer1963_body0034.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Basketball

Official Scorer ...... Reds Gray, Jr.
Referee ....... Rob Watson, Sonny Mays
John Gilmore

Being cramped for space in this
issue I will just give you a run down
on the outside games that have been
played to date. On April 28, 1963 a
group of young school boys known as
the Penn Lynn All-Stars arrived on the
scene and they immediately took on the
task of really whitewashing the E.S.P.
All-Stars by the score of 76-40. The
Penn Lynn team, led by 14 year old
Perry, did a masterful job of ball hand-
ling. Perry's dribbling had the ESP
boys in trouble throughout the game.
He was the play maker while scoring
only two points himself.

Penn Lynn All-Stars
        Pts.
Perry    2
Noman   16
Seren   17
Newman  19
Herz    22
        76

E.S.P. All-Stars
             Pts.
Curley        0
Sam Brown    11
Johnson       0
Chuck Floyd   8
Kofroth       0
Jordan        0
Bell          4
Allen         4
Croxton       2
Sheppard      5
Griffin       2
Fleming       1
Dawkins       3
             40

On May 25, 1963 the Dragons from
Drexel Institute stormed the doors of
E.S.P. with only four players. As it
turned out that was all they needed.
But after a conference with “Smiley”
the E.S.P. team coach he agreed to lend
the Dragons Curley and Shep. I think
this was the first time they played on a
winning team. The Dragons led by
Young Ronnie Forys (Lt. Forys son)
started right with the first call of play
ball to go to work on the E.S.P. All-
Stars. The Dragons had three players
6'4” and over and one 5’9” playmaker
who could dribble you out of your
mind. This was a good game and the
bovs enjoyed it very much and prom-
ised to come back again with all their
players.

Dragons
           Pts.
Sarafinas   24
Wilk         4
Forys       23
Kivlin      11
Shep        11
Curley       2
            75

E.S.P. All-Stars
               Pts.
Fleming          0
Dawkins         18
Johnson          2
Griffin          4
S. Brown        13
Chuck Floyd      6
Bell             4
Nickens          0
Massanova        2
Kofroth          4
Croxton          4
                57

