---
id: "896"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
EDITOR
Francis A. Murphy

ASSOC. EDITOR
Frederick Adams

STAFF
Walter Kullman
Merton Engle
John Giardino

PRINTING

Layout
Frederick Adams
Thomas Butler

Technical Consultant
B. A. Raszkiewicz

Illustrations
Merton Engle

Photography
Walter Stepper

Linotype
Thomas Flannery
Samuel Goebert

Press
Felix Capone

ADMINISTRATION

Governor
Williams W. Scranton

Attorney General
Walter E. Alessandroni

BUREAU OF CORRECTION

Commissioner
Arthur T. Prasse

Deputy Commissioner
Kenneth E. Taylor

STATE CORRECTIONAL
INSTITUTION AT PHILA.

Superintendent
A. T. Rundle

Director of Treatnent
Thomas H. Graham

General Supervisor
Veto A. Iavecchia

Printing Instructor
Alfred French, Jr.

VOL. 8   NO. 3

Eastern Echo

                CONTENTS
THE JAILHOUSE LAWYER                   3
DELIVER US FROM JAILHOUSE JUDGES       5
I’M THE MONKEY ON MY FAMILY’S BACK     6
A. A. — A MICKEY FINN                  8
PIGSKIN SYMPHONY                       9
COLLABORATION BETWEEN EDUCATION
   AND THE CORRECTIONAL DISCIPLINES   12
SPOTLIGHT ON THE INMATE COMMISSARY    14
HOW TO BE POPULAR IN PRISON           15
THE MONKEY’S VIEWPOINT                15
THE BEST OF ENGLE                     16
ABOUT CENSORSHIP AND WRITERS          18
HUMANITARIAN & PHYSICIAN              19
WHY CRY                               20
A PROFILE OF MARTIN JOSEPH PEARSON    24

               DEPARTMENTS
THE EDITOR SPEAKS           INSIDE COVER
FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT’S DESK         2
PENAL PRESS EXCHANGE                  11
INSIDE INFORMATION                    21
THE MUSICIAN’S CORNER                 22
THE SPORTS SECTION                    27
CHESS NEWS                            30
FROM OUR CHAPLAINS                    32

The Eastern Echo is staffed and printed by inmates at the State Correctional Institution
at Philadelphia. The views expressed herein are strictly those of the individual author and are
not necessarily those of the Echo Staff. Reprinting, in whole or in part, of any of the contents
of this publication is cordially invited.
