---
id: "898"
title: "The Jailhouse Lawyer"
author: "MILLER, Edward T."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE JAILHOUSE LAWYER

by Edward T. Miller

The newspapers have recently been lampoon-
ing the fact that convicts are more active
than ever before in carrying their appeals
to the higher courts. Perhaps it will suffice
to repeat an interesting story to illustrate
the fact that the press is not always correct
in its interpretation of news events: During World
War II, in a Nazi concentration camp run by the in-
famous S.S. troops, the word went out that a fero-
cious lion had escaped from a nearby zoo. The lion
entered the S. S. camp and when Hitler’s elite S. S.
saw the lion approaching them, they fled in panic.
One of the captive Jews—a six foot, four inch, 250
pound specimen—charged the lion and strangled the
animal. The following day the local newspaper ran
this headline: FEROCIOUS JEW STRANGLES
VALUABLE LION. 

Much has been written that is not flattering to the
jailhouse lawyer. For the benefit of those who are
not familiar with the term, I offer as an alternate, an
equally unflattering term, “The convict-writ writer.”

Definitions being in order, the convict-writ-writer
is an ex-member of society, who has been convicted
of a crime, and not having the financial means to
carry his case to a higher court with counsel, acts as
his own attorney. The taking of an appeal is a very
costly process. In order to carry an appeal through
the courts in the conventional manner (i.e., with
qualified counsel), it requires untold thousands of
dollars. It goes without saying, the majority of peo-
ple convicted of a crimie are unable to meet this ex-
treme financial burden. This would preclude them
from their right of appeal as guaranteed under both
the Pennsylvania and Federal constitutions. The
“Law,” recognizing that the destitute are also en- 
titled to the guarantees of the Constitution, allow
appeals under the “pauper’s oath.” It is under the
paupers oath that the convict-writ-writer files his
appeal.

We often hear references to the protection of soci-
ety from the criminal and we agree that society
should be protected. Let’s look at another facet of
protection. Is it a fact that the jailhouse lawyer has
contributed to the protection of society? Before we
answer that question it will be necessary to supply
the reader with some conclusions which the writer
believes pertinent. 

People who are indicted for an offense are
members of society! The fact that they are
under indictment does not exclude them
from society, nor does it curtail their pro-
tection and guarantees as afforded to soci-
ety. It is only when they are convicted that
their status changes and they lose certain privileges;
however, not the right of appeal. If we agree that
a person accused of an offense is still a member of
society, and agree we must, then we must ask: What
protection is provided this segment of society? Ob-
viously, we are not concerned with the defendant
who has the wherewithal to provide for an adequate
defense against his accusers. It is with the indigent
defendant that we must concern ourselves. The
American Civil Liberties Union states that 78% of
the people indicted for a felony are unable to afford
a lawyer and 60% don’t even have the equivalent
of an elementary education! A person unable to
hire counsel and equally incapable of his own defense
is, to use a worn cliche, “a sitting duck’’ for a pros-
ecutor skilled in the nuances of the law. At this point
the reader might ask: What, if anything, has this to
do with jailhouse lawyers? A question which the
writer would answer by a further digression into
American jurisprudence.

The Constitution of the United States of
America, on December 15, 1791, was en-
larged to include the “Ten Original Amend-
ments" (also known as the Bill of Rights).
In the Sixth Amendment all persons are
guaranteed “the assistance of counsel for
his defense.” Although the Sixth Amendment insures
the right of all accused to counsel, this was not con-
strued by the courts to apply to all cases wherein one
charged with a crime was too poor to retain counsel.
It was not until 146 years later, in 1937, in Johnson
vs. Zerbst, that the U. S. Supreme Court ruled that an
indigent defendant tried in the Federal Courts is en-
titled to counsel. However, that ruling was not con-
strued as applicable to indigent defendants tried in
the various state courts. Here might be a good place
to ask: Where were those guardians of Justice—the
Legal Profession—for 146 years? Going a step
farther, the Supreme Court, in 1942, ruled that in
capital cases tried in state courts, an indigent defend-
ant must be represented by counsel. In the case ruled
upon, Rice vs. Olson, the defendant was charged
with burglary in the State of Missouri. In Missouri,
first degree burglary is a capital offense. The defend-
ant was sentenced to 15 years after a trial, during
which he was not represented by counsel. On appeal
to the U. S. Supreme Court, that court ruled that an
indigent defendant must be furnished with counsel.

The U. S. Supreme Court furthered that ruling to
apply to ALL defendants in ALL criminal prosecu-
tions in the case of Gideon vs. Wainwright, decided
early this year. .With the Gideon case we have the
assurance that every segment of society is protected
by the Sixth Amendment to the U. S. Constitution.

The aforementioned cases have one startling sim-
ilarity. The petitions, at one time or other, during
the long drawn-out litigations in their unerring course
through the courts to victory, were drafted by jail-
house lawyers.

Knowing that all coins have two sides, we will now
look at the other side of the jailhouse lawyer prob-
lem.

We concede that many, many petitions which have
little or no merit, flood the courts and waste the valu-
able time of court officials. We are also aware that
many jailhouse lawyers are nothing more than would-
be twentieth century escape artists, attempting to use
the “habeas corpus” as a hack saw. We recognize
the hindrance to others that these sometimes merit-
less, and almost always poorly worded, if not ver-
bose, petitions cause. Certainly, no one believes that
all petitions drafted by prisoners have merit; nor is
anyone naive enough to contend that no inmate peti-
tion has merit. The meritless petitions do a great
injustice to the inmates who have legitimate com-
plaints of denials of due process. It is these obviously
inane petitions which have attracted the unfavorable
publicity. Yet, the right of appeal is the weapon
with which society protects itself from its own ex-
cesses.

Perhaps the answer to this dilemma lies in the
creation of an ‘‘Appeal Board” of lawyers,
for the investigation and litigation of such
cases that are found to contain unjust con-
victions (such as exists within the State of
Connecticut). This could be programmed
as an extension of the American Civil Liberties Union
or some other organization; or, perhaps, as a State
aided facility for the preservation of equal rights and
competent representation of indigent defendants,
both before and after conviction. In fact, their rights
should be protected throughout all stages of criminal
litigation—from apprehension through prosecution,
to appeal. It’s conceivable that an organization cre-
ated for such a worthy cause would serve two pur-
poses: one, its obvious function; and, two, as a prov-
ing ground for the fledgling lawyer.

We admit that we don’t have the entire solution
to this problem within our grasp; nor do the jailhouse
lawyers. But they are making an attempt at solving
the problem. An outgrowth of their attempts have
made possible the protection of the indigent from
trial without counsel, as the Founding Fathers of the
Constitution had ordained. Yet, the basic question
of the prohibitive cost of appeal, remains. When
denial of due process occurs, the remedy must be by
appeal. Until the costs of appeal, transcripts, brief
writer, notes of testimony and appellate lawyer, are
within the grasp of Mr. Average Citizen, the jailhouse
lawyer will fulfill a vital function.

Notwithstanding press criticism, this writer has
seen over a dozen helped by jailhouse lawyers within
the brief space of four years. The odds are astro-
nomical against these unlicensed advocates, and the
barriers are insurmountable; yet, they continue to
win! Perhaps the answer to their success lies in their
fanatical devotion to the Constitutional question. It
takes a tenacious temperament to face impossible
odds; but, then, the prize is precious. Men have been
known to do the impossible where their freedom is
concerned.

As to the “Great Writ,’’ we repeat the words of
Justice John Brennan of the United States Supreme
Court:

“No fair minded person will contend
that those who have been deprived
of their liberty without due process
of law ought nevertheless languish
in prison. If the states withhold ef-
fective remedy, the Federal Courts
have the power and the duty to pro-
vide it. Habeas corpus is one of the
precious heritages of Anglo-Ameri-
can civilization. Wedonomore...
than confirm its continuing efficacy.”

WE REST OUR CASE.
