---
id: "899"
title: "Deliver Us From Jailhouse Judges"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Deliver Us From Jailhouse
Judges

Every penitentiary has its quota of jailhouse lawyers. A
few of these have a good grasp of the law as it applies to
their own cases, for they have religiously studied every scrap
of pertinent information they can lay their hands upon.
Very few, perhaps, are conversant with the broad spectrum
of criminal law. All, however, have one thing uf common:
they are disdained by the jailhouse judges, a new breed of
plague which has already outstripped the legal eagles for dis-
honors in the halls of durance vile.

Whereas the jailhouse lawyers—contemptuously referred
to by their fellow convicts as writ writers—are striving to
protect their legal rights by educating themselves to their
legal and constitutional rights, the jailhouse judges deliver
their snap judgments impulsively and in total ignorance of
both the law and case history of the convict whom they con-
demn.

A jurist highly versed in the law and having before him a
comprehensive report on the defendant as well as a complete
transcript of the evidence will proceed cautiously and with
great deliberation when deciding the fate of the accused; yet
we hear that same defendant, now a convict—advertising his
ignorance and prejudice by making brash remarks.

For all he knows the man he is vilifying may be innocent
of the crime imputed to him. But innocent or guilty, the
man has been judged by a court of law, and no person—least
of all another convict—has the right to intensify the punish-
ment prescribed by law, or to change its nature.

While it is true, a jailhouse lawyer can be a pest—as some
undeniably are—the majority are simply men who believe
they have a legal out, but lack the means of obtaining the
service of a lawyer. The laws of our nation give these men
the right to prepare and file their own petitions, yet our jail-
house judges, playing dog in the manger, would deny them
this right in order to satisfy their own ego. Each one ap-
paretly feels that unless and until he himself is freed no one
should be released. Rejoicing will prevail throughout—the
prison world—if the jailhouse judges ever achieve sufficient
maturity to leave judging of law to the courts.

THE INSIDER
