---
id: "9"
title: "The Eastern Echo Spotlight on the Print Shop"
author: "Corvi, Joseph J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Corvi, Joseph J."
year: "1956"
month: "09 Fall"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "3"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_fall1956_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
the eastern echo Spotlight on the PRINT SHOP
by Joseph J. Corvi

One of the most sought after assignments in our 
vocational program is a job in the Print Shop.
The modern, up-to-date appointment of the shop
plus the certain quality of accomplishment and
pride that is apparent in the attitude of the men
who work there make this shop attractive.

The Print Shop was one of the first shops
placed in this institution for the vocational training
of our men. Beginning with just a few job presses
and a compositor bank, not unlike the little shops
one sees in and around the neighborhooods of our
cities, it has expanded and grown to such an extent
that it now requires 4 Linotype Machines, 1 Mono-
type Keyboard and Caster and 5 Compositor Banks
to feed the work into our large pressroom. If this
shop were transplanted into the competitive field
of printing it would be capable, with trained person-
nel, of doing a gross business of $25,000 per week.
In addition to the above machines and equipment,
which is just one section of the shop, the inmates
are instructed in the use and maintenance of such
presses as 2 Miehle V-50’s, I Miehle Horizontal, 1
Miehle 00, I little Giant, 1 Style B. Kelly, a Verner
Multipress, J. M. Model, 3 Chandler & Price Crafts-
men and 1 Colt’s Armory Press. Included amongst
these are some of the newest type cylinder presses.

Our up-to-date Bindery is equipped with a
Hickok Dise Ruler, 3 Bostitch stitchers, 1 Rotary
Perforator, 1 Seybold Cutter and 1 Punching
Machine. This department can handle most any
type of bookbinding, including hand-sewed hard-
back books.

With the equipment listed above it is possible
for the men in the Print Shop to do nearly all types
of general printing. A fine example is our copy of
the EASTERN ECHO. Note the elarity of the
characters, the perfect alignment of its pages and
columns, the use of colors, the illustrations, ete.
We would be proud to compare the general printing
of our magazine with any magazine printed in a com-
mercial house. This fine work is the result of the
pride of achievement illustrated by the men in this
shop, supervised by two very capable instructors
who are expert in all phases of printing. The in-
structors, Charles Bachman and Fred H. Tredinnick,
two extremely fine gentlemen, as well as experts in
their field, possess those essential qualities so im-
portant to the training of men, human kindness,
understanding and patience. We feel that they
contribute much to the rehabilitation of the men in
their shop. Their constant encouragement and ap-
preciation of the work that the men do instill the
men with a spirit of incentive so necessary to re-
habilitation. Many men who have left this insti-
tution have acknowledged the help that was ex-
tended to them by these gentlemen by calling them
and keeping them abreast of their work on the
street.

Mr. Tredinnick, a member with an excellent
reputation in The International Typographical
Union #2, has through the union placed many pa-
roled men as Compositors, Linotypists and Mono-
typists with various newspapers and printing houses
in Philadelphia. These men have fulfilled profess-
ional expectations to such an extent that an increas-
ing number of calls are placed to Mr. Tredinnick for
more of his trainees. Mr. Tredinnick, true to his
craft, his union, and sincere with the men in his
charge, will not recommend any man until he is
certain that he can qualify. Six months before a
trainee is to be released he is given every type of
work imaginable not only as a test to prove him-
self worthy of his trade but as a gauge of his re-
action and attitude towards being ‘‘bossed around’’.
The reward for this period of apprenticeship is ad-
mittanee into a well-respected union and the op-
portunity of earning a salary of $102 per 37 hour-
week. Certainly a mark worth shooting for.

Our pressmen, ably supervised by Mr. Bachman,
are instructed in all phases of presswork; i. e.,
make-ready, setting a fountain, oiling and main-
taining their machine. Some of these men do work
that would be classified A-1 in any shop in the
printing industry. The only drawback that dis-
qualifies these men as Journeymen printers is the
fact that not enough of a variety of presses are
available to them. Noticeably missing are Off-set
and Multi-colored presses. If these machines were
included in our Print Shop they would enable the
men to get the necessary experience to qualify.
However, since the men are taught the basic prin-
ciples of printing they would be able, with a mini-
mum of instruction, to operate even those presses.

The Stone, a necessary and important part of
the pressroom where all the forms are ‘locked up’
for the presses, is given special attention by Mr.
Bachman for it plays an integral part in setting
up a press.

To round out the completeness of the Print
Shop, a first-rate Bindery is included. Any folder,
pamphlet, circular or whatever that had been
printed to the nth degree would suffer if in the
process of binding or folding, the men in this de-
partment were not particular with their work.
There are at least two men in this department who
could take the place of their counterparts on the
street and hold their ends up. Since ours is not
a large Bindery the men are instructed and able to
learn all the particular phases of the Bindery
Department.

The Print Shop as a branch of our vocational
training program may be judged by the excellence
of its product and the number of trainees placed and
accepted into the printing industries.

(After 16 years service in our Print Shop, Mr.
Bachman just recently terminated his connection
with the institution. The men of the Print Shop
sincerely wish him continued success.)

The following is one of many letters received
from parolees who have received follow-through

BECAUSE OF THE TRAINING AND FOLLOW
THROUGH BY THE PRINT SHOP PERSONNEL,
ESP TRAINED PRINTERS FIND READY AC-
CEPTANCE IN THE LABOR MARKET. THE
SINCERE INTEREST OF THE OVERSEERS HAS
MADE THIS SHOP ONE OF THE MOST SUC-
CESSFUL PORTIONS OF THE INSTITUTION’S
VOCATIONAL PROGRAM.

assistance in their vocational training and wished
to express their appreciation:

Dear Mr. Tredinnick:

It has been some time since I last wrote you,
so I thought it was about time I informed you of
my progress. Also, I’d like to relate a conversation
I had with Howard Wilson, business manager of
the local.

As you know, I’ve been employed continuously
as a linotype operator since my release two and a
half years ago. During that period my salary has
always been over $100 a week; and, I’m pleased to
say, for the past six months I’ve had a day situa-
tion, which, of course, has made a happy change in
my way of living.

Howard Wilson was in the shop the other
day, and I had a chance to talk with him for
a-tew minutes. I asked him about S _ _ _ _ _ _
K _ _ _ _ _ _ _, whom I understood you recom-
mended for admission to the Union.

Mr. Wilson replied, "I sent S _ _ _ _ _ _ to
Periodical Press and he went to work immediately,
that same night.”

I said, ‘‘I’m glad to hear that, and I know Mr.
Tredinnick will be, too.’’

He laughed and said, ‘‘Don’t worry about that.
Fred knows all about it. He also knows that every
man he has recommended to the union is working
steadily, and that the union, from Muir (the
president) on down, is 100% behind him.”

Of course, I’d known about some of the others
you’d helped whom I was personally acquainted
with during my learning period under your instruc-
tion im the institutional print shop: "B _ _ _ _"
ign , how at the Philadelphia Inquirer; B — —
K _ _ _ _ _, now at the Philadelphia Inquirer; B _ _ 
B _ _ _ _ also at the Inquirer ; F _ _ _ _ G _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
and S _ _ _ _ _ _ _ K _ _ _ _ _ _ _, both at the Period-
ical Press; B _ _ H _ _ _ _, Wilmington Star;
D _ _ _ _ D_ _ _ _ _ _, and several others whom I
didn’t know so well.

Well, Mr. Tredinnick, Mother just called me for
dinner. However, before closing, I’d like to say
once again how much I’ve appreciated all you’ve
done for me, from the time you first encouraged
me to work on the lnotype machines until the day
after my release when you sent me down to union
headquarters. It never fails to give me a real thrill
when I’ve heard of someone you’ve helped, and
it is my earnest hope that you’ll be able to continue
to do so for a long, long time.

Sincerely,
J _ _ _ D. T _ _ _ _ 

There is very little I may add that could be
more impressive than the above letter. We often
hear the gripe that society won’t give us a chance.
Let’s try to turn the odds in our favor and return
to society with something to offer and I’m sure that
breaking down the barrier won’t be too difficult.

