---
id: "900"
title: "I'm the Monkey on My Family's Back"
author: "Paley, Donald"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
I'm the Monkey on My Family's Back'
by Donald Paley

Infrequently there passes across the editor's
desk, a piece of writing so unique in its presenta-
tion, yet so alien to the type of material that is used
in the Eastern Echo, that we develop a first-class
case of frustration. Don Paley has presented us
with some very interesting and new approaches to
the drug problem.

Recently, Don wrote a very controversial two-
part article on the drug problem, published in “The
bucks Coumiy ine, twdede “Sor iDosior : So
Don is no stranger to the written word. Introduc-
ing to the Echo’s readers: Don Paley.

The Editor

In the era in which we are living, when a man is
addicted:to narcotic drugs, and has become addicted
to them by his own volition—as opposed to an acci-
dental medical addict, who is in daily need of drugs
to alleviate pain—he is thought to be a weak, shifty,
conniving criminal. The female addict is equally
frowned upon, and invariably her integrity and mor-
als are slanderously attacked as well.

I realize that only a small percentage of the inmate
population here are charged with narcotic offenses
or have an addiction history on their record. How-
ever, I am also aware of the great many here who
have been around drugs for years; have friends who
have been addicted, or have been using drugs them-
selves, but have never been arrested. They are,
therefore, anonymous, unrecorded addicts. What
I have to say then will be of interest to more than
would seem apparent by looking at the charge sheets.

Since I have been using drugs I have read many
accounts of the evils of addiction..... Evils involv-
ing the person afflicted and the society he lives in. I
have read statistics reporting the approximate loss
in merchandise and cash attributed to drug addicts,
and the annual cost both the government and state
agencies are forced to pay to house these addicted
men and women once arrested and confined. There
have been other statistics showing how much cheaper
it would be to legalize addiction; and through legal-
ization, how larceny, shop-lifting, con-games, prosti-
tution, and similar petty thefts and vices could be cut
greatly in both small towns and metropolitan cities.
There have been stories dealing with the addict him-
self—his personal anxieties and frustrations—and
how pointless imprisonment is. There have been
cold, impersonal accounts offered by policemen, who
at best only see the swollen surface of the underlying
malignancy. Stories, articles, and novels have been
written by those who treat the addict, pursue him,
arrest him, prosecute him, defend him, sentence him,
and observe him when he is sent away.

It would seem that there is no fresh ground to
cover—that every phase on drugs has been written
about. This is not true. There is one other aspect
of the problem that has not been written about—at
least not to my knowledge ..... And if it has, it
deserves reiteration. This aspect is the family of the
drug addict. The aforementioned conception, held
by many in regard to what an addict is supposed to
be like, is, unfortunately, a painful truth. The major-
ity of people do not concern themselves with wonder-
ing about the motivating factors that create a drug
addict. They never ask, and they do not care! He
is thought to be an unsavory, annoying, enigma, and
is only brought to the public’s attention when he is
caught with a drug in his possession or in a criminal
attempt to obtain money to support his habit. He is
never seen or talked about in any light but a poor
one! ‘There is a Latin quotation that says a great
deal in regard to the whole problem of narcotic drug
addiction in the United States: “Damnant quod non
intelligunt.’’ In English this means: “They condemn
what they do not understand.”

It seems that no one cares about other social, med-
ical or psychological problems either, until it affects
them! When it does, then they feel that theirs is an
isolated case and not like the tens of thousands of
other cases. This is how a mother and father feel
when they find out that their son or daughter is a drug
addict. After the initial shock—after this fact is
accepted—tthey begin to view their child as sick,
unhappy and confused. The parents never see their
child as the bleary-eyed, demented, dope fiend of
the tabloids, and they are right in thinking as they do.
I have yet to meet an addict as demonic as the sensa-
tionalists would have you believe. Yet, innocent
parents are looked at just as strangely, and in some
cases shied away from as often as their child is. This
unjust attitude is formed from reading these dispro-
portionate news accounts. It almost seems that peo-
ple consider the parents equally distasteful by virtue
of the fact that they gave life to someone who became
a drug addict.

I have multiple convictions for narcotic offenses,
but will not make any complaints about the present
system for dealing with drug addiction at this time.
The laws are horribly inhumane and senseless, and it
would take thousands of pages to express my opin-
ions regarding them. I will, however, register my re-
sentment at the attitude taken by many who do not
know what an addict looks like, yet lift their noses at
the mere mention of the name, and condemn those
related to him.

I would like it made clear to the uninformed that
drug addiction could come to your family just as
surely as a heart ailment, muscular dystrophy, tuber-
culosis or appendicitis; and if it did, then you would
be the one related and he or she, who was addicted,
and would think of yourself as being unfortunate ....
not objectionable! It is my plea to you, the reader,
that you acquire the same outlook concerning others
as you would no doubt have if this unfortunate thing
had occured in your own family. Remember.....
they did not want it to happen, and they are sorry it
did happen—take it from me!

In addition to my defense of the parents, I would
like to be of some possible aid to a parent who cur-
rently has this problem in their home, or suspects that
it exists. If there is any area at all in which a drug
addict can find respect, I think it lies in his fantastic
knowledge of what went wrong with him, and in his
ability to advise others about what not to do under
similar circumstances.

The voice of the ECHO is heard far beyond these
walls. Possibly I will be able to help prevent eventual,
inevitable, imprisonment for a novice addict in a
family. It would be of no value to complain about
the present laws, or to say continually, ‘if’ or ““may-
be.’ [| am writing this with the idea in mind that
an insidious growth has entered the body, the mind
and the soul (heroin is truly all-consuming) of some-
one close to the heart of the reader..... and has
done so now, at this time, with the laws as they are.

I think that the greatest, most important thing that
can happen to a youngster, is for him to suddenly
realize that he ‘belongs’. One of the worst, and
possibly the mest painful, is for him to realize that he
does not belong. When he feels that he does not
belong the way he is, then he will alter himself any-
way he can in order to belong anywhere he can.

My own galloping addiction got its first toe-hold
when I was sixteen. The friends I had at that time
were the same age, and I| believe that among other
emotions, the same feelings of isolation were there
in all of us. Looking back, I sincerely believe that
the wasted years that followed—filled with hospitals
and prisons—could have been avoided for both
myself and some of them, if at that time we
didn't “belong” to a minority group of wayward,
thrill-seeking, self-destructive, neurotic, pseudo-
bohemians; but were, instead, introduced to a group
just as modern, progressive, and hip, but respectable
and law-abiding, with its aim on creation and not
destruction.

Addicts—or potential addicts—are in the major-
ity free-thinking, alert, informed, but inhibited peo-
ple. They are high on potential ability, but low on
confidence! They are inherently rebellious and
sensitive, and in need of expression. They see too
much, feel too much and say too little... .. A fan-
tastically frustrated group! If someone of that type
and temperament could be directed to the arts, where
I believe he really belongs, I think the feeling of kin-
ship gained from associating with others with similar
feelings, and the knowledge that he can both be part
of something, and at the same time apart from the
average life that he finds vapid..... A place where
he would be able to express himself in an art form...
Where his sensitivity can assist him and not destroy
Him: I believe that the confidence, pride, and
the self-respect he will find from the sheer joy of
producing something tangible from what was at first
a thought or an emotional sensation, will—as the pri-
sons will never do—deter him from continuing his
suicidal flight into a world of fantasy and fraud.
Combine encouragement, sincere interest, and a great
deal of patience, and | think the existing problem of
addiction might be resolved in him, never more to
return. It is something to consider—certainly worth
a try.

After all..... There is someone's life at stake!

Hire a Parolee
