---
id: "901"
title: "A.A. - A Mickey Finn"
author: "Wallander, Robert A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
by Robert A. Wallander
A. A. — 
A Mickey Finn

I have savored and sanctioned alcoholic beverages
of many sizes, hues, and potence. Whether under
the stars, in some bistro, at home, alone or with a
cohort, this sanctity has prevailed. I have seen things
that were not, and have not seen things that were.
From the age of fifteen, when first introduced to the
CUBA LIBRE, to the now, I have been alternately
decent and disreputable; thus, plummeting from the
happy environs of normalcy into the ostracism of pris-
on. Further, during these risque journeys, | have
waved good-byes to my wife and children, education,
numerous jobs, friends and relatives. A. heavy-
handed bon voyage, consequently, has been bid too
much of myself.

This thumbnail sketch of yours truly has been pre-
sented to you, the reader, so that you will understand
that I have knowledge of the word “drunk” and its
more and less refined synonyms. The solvency of
myself to alcohol has been complete.

The statement: “A. A. could only have been born
through the copulation of a drunken mind into
drunken remorse,’ comes from one who has tasted
ample of the liquid ambrosia, alcohol.

Was this really an ill-bred birth? Superficially, no.
Partakers of the CONVERSATION WATER exist
the world over.

That a drunk should perpetrate a reform move-
ment, during the course of gaining sobriety, is not
astounding. This was his specific logic toward an
individual goal. Very few, if any others, have had
the success of the originator of the Alcoholics Anon-
ymous program. This was his baby, and by being
his baby, it—the program—responded for his well
being. The same response cannot be accorded the
stepparents.

By some association with A. A., others have
gained sobriety by adapting the program to their
own specific needs. This minority group of gradu-
ates are the real success of A. A.

However, adoption seems to me to be the general
rule of A. A.

Was this really an ill-bred birth? Actually, yes.

It is not the members of A. A., as individuals, that
cajole the unsuspecting novitiate into the group. It
is the group, standing as such, that is possessive.
This is a nation today of the group approach; nearly
everyone will urge the drunk to join those of his ilk
by becoming an A. A. member. But these, then,
ex-drunks, are no longer akin, as sobriety has entered
their separate lives. The diversity of personalities
and social goals has returned and the subterfuge of a
camaraderie that is between fellow drunks no longer
exists.

That which breeds upon a frailty begets mal-
formed offsprings. The constant member of A. A. is
sad to behold . . . Shorn of individuality, he has the
vitality of a slug. Asa bona fide member of A. A.
—Automatons Autochthonous—he may be more
accepted (endured) by his immediate family, but he
is not more acceptable to his immediate self.

Does the vine cling to the grape? Do those who
enter the hospital, once cured of their illness, remain
there . . . ? Since A. A. has impressed upon the
general population the facile opinion that alcoholism
is a disease; that A. A. effects a cure of this so-called
disease (at least, ARRESTED CASES, comparable
to the T. B. cure), it seems to me that “the group”
should not cling to its progeny, but should encourage
them in dropping off the vine. Having this in sight
as an essential and absolute climax of the RE-
COVERING process.

A. A. shouldn’t, and must not be, a REFUGE, but
a FIRST AID STATION. The goal of such an organ-
ization should be to have a MAJORITY of former
members who can state unequivocally: “I was an
alcoholic.” Why the smugness of the higher echelon
from having a MAJORITY of ROBOTS state flatly
and hopelessly: “I am an alcoholic.”

A. A.... revamp!
