---
id: "902"
title: "Pigskin Symphony"
author: "ROUSE, Frank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PIGSKIN
SYMPHONY

by Frank Rouse

When Cliff called me up Sunday night and told
me to sober up and come out to the practice field on
Tuesday morning, | was, as usual, in the middle of a
bender and told him and his PUMAS to go to hell.
But the next morning, with a blistering hangover
and nerves as tight as banjo strings, I was having a
cup of coffee at the corner cafe and reading the
morning Gazette, when the sports headlines hit me.

STAFF BREAKS LEG; PUMAS CHANCES FADE;
LOSE TO COMETS 34 to 28.

For eight years, I, Jeff Bell, was the first string
fullback for the PUMAS, and in that stretch we won
five division championships and three playoff titles.
And for the past six years the PUMAS, owner and
coach, Cliff Harder, while fining the pants off me,
put up with a lot of my guff. But this summer at the
training camp, with the rookie, Bruno Skaff, going
good, Cliff told me to straighten up or hit the road.
With my past performances, I knew I could be
traded good; or, if released outright, sign up with 
almost any team in the Western Professional Foot-
ball League. So, I told him to ram it.

Cliff couldn’t make a trade because of my reputa-
tion, so he released me. And to top it off, my wife,
Sally, left me. She said the fast life and wild parties
were too much, and if I couldn’t settle down, she was
going back to New Haven and take our little girl,
Missy, with her.

After she left, I sat back waiting for some team
to pick me up, but still lived it up high. I rented out
the house and moved into this flea-bag hotel. And
after three months, when it became obvicus no club
was going to sign me, my high flying, fair weather
pals, gave me the air. Brother, was I stranded! And
to think I shot my big mouth off when Cliff called
me last night.

I sat there and drank another cup of coffee and
slowly, but finally began to see the light. I was
heading in only one direction—straight down—and
decided then and there that things were going to be
different.

I finished the cup of coffee and went back to the
hotel to phone Cliff. “Look Bell," he said, “I made
a mistake calling you last night. I thought that by
now you might have straightened yourself out, but
I was wrong. You're nothing but a hard-head and
a lush and always will be.”

I swallowed hard and said, “Please coach, I know
I’ve been a heel, but if you give me another chance,
I swear you won't regret it.’’ There was a long pause
and I could feel my heart pounding and my temples
drumming.

“Jeff,” he said, “I know I’m a fool, but you got
your chance—the last one! Believe me. Report for
practice tomorrow morning at 10:00 A.M. sharp.”

“Thanks Cliff," I breathed, and was trembling so
hard I almost dropped the receiver. I poured a dou-
ble and was ready to down it but caught myself in
time, and poured it down the sink along with the
rest of the bottle. I went out and had a big break-
fast, went over to Klien’s Gym, worked out on the
tumbling mats and parallel bars for about an hour,
and spent another hour in the steam room. I had an
enormous steak for lunch. And after a refreshing
two hour nap, I went back to Klien’s for a repeat of
the morning activity, ate a monstrous dinnez, did
some wind sprints at the City Park and turned in at
9:30 P.M., dead tired, but with an inner feeling of
satisfaction and deep contentment.

I woke up Tuesday morning a little stiff and achy,
but feeling better than I had in a long, long time.
I had a feeling I was going to be all right.

I was the first one at the PUMAS Stadium and
had been working out over a half hour before the
others began drifting in, followed by Cliff Harder,
who spotted me right away, nodded and went over
to talk to his assistants.

Except for a couple of rookies who survived the
training cut, I knew all the guys. Most of them came
over and gave me the glad hand and a warm home-
coming. Some just nodded; but Bingo Kress, our
all-league defensive tackle seven years running, came
over and said, “ello sponge, I didn’t know we were
in the charity business. How’s the bottle collection
coming along?”

I grimaced and said, “Hi ya, Bingo; the sponge
is all dried out, and I gave the bottle collection to
the Smithsonian Institution.”

“We'll see," he said, “we'll see!"

The coaches started a scrimmage and Milt Novak,
the other fullback, started, while Cliff called me over
and said, “Harry, at the gate, told me you were the
first one here this morning. That's a good start, Jeff,
keep it up.”

“Thanks Cliff,” I muttered, “I will.”

“Look Jeff,” he said, “‘there’s only five more
weeks left in the season, and we don’t have enough
time to whip you into hard running shape; so what
we plan to do is use you mostly for a decoy and a
blocker. You've always done this good, even when
you were ripping off good yardage. I know the other
teams will be locking for you to romp and we may
cross them up. This means you'll be unprotected
a lot and will take a pounding. Well, what do you
say?”

“Cliff,” I said, “the only way I can help myself
is to help you and this team anyway I can, even it
it kills me.

He slapped me on the back and sent me out into
the scrimmage with instructions for our quarterback,
Ace Hall, to mix in some fullback fakes and blocks.
The first play was a quick flat pass to the tight end,
and as I slipped thru our guard and center to take
out the defensive linebacker, Bingo sorted his way
through cur offensive line from his right defensive
tackle spot and crashed into my blind side like an
express train. He crumbled me like a house of cards.
It was a little tainted, but a beautiful defensive play,
because the linebacker I was after had a clean shot
at the tight end and dropped him for only a two
yard gain. I laid still for a couple of seconds to make
sure everything was in place, then dragged myself to
my feet.

Kress came over and said, “Are you O.K.,
Sponge? I was only trying to squeeze a few drops
of alky out of ya.” “Look Bingo,” I fumed, trying
to hold my temper, “I told ya before, the sponge
is dry." "Is it?’’ he said. Then his face broke into
a big grin as he poked me on the shoulder with his
ham-like fist. “Yep, I guess it is, Jeff,’ he said, “‘I
guess it is."

Well, Cliff's strategy worked. The fakes and de-
coys went off so smoothly that our opponent was
forced into making repeated defensive mistakes. |
carried the ball just enough to make our decoys
honest, and Ace had a precision-like offense going
for us. We rolled up five touchdowns to win in a
breeze.

It was a happy, bruised, sweatsoaked gang
whooping it up in the dressing room. I was pretty
happy too; but I kept it pretty much inside of me.
I still had a lot to prove to this bunch and to myself.

I slipped out of the dressing room early and start-
ed toward the exit, when, sure enough, up strolls fat
ol’ good time Charley, with a brace of chorus girls
hollering, “Atta boy Jeff; you showed em! Grab
one of these tid-bits and let’s do the town.”

“Get lost,’’ I growled, “and stay lost!”

“Well,” he said in exasperation, “some gratitude
after all I've done for you.”

“Scram,’’ I bellowed. “If I see you or any of your
crowd around here again, I'll stomp ya in the ce-
ment.”

They lit out, and I stood there with my hands on
my hips, still angry but laughing inside, when | felt
a hand on my shoulder. As I turned around “Cliff
said, “Ya know, Jeff, I think you're gonna make it.”

With a beautiful assortment of play calling by Ace
Hall, and a bruising defense led by Bingo, we ripped
off four more straight wins and edged out the COM-
ETS for the Divisional Championship. Oh, I scored
a couple and made a few good gainers, but it was
the weekly coaching strategy and a dedicated team
that won it for us. And I know the way we are
going, the STEERS are in for a world of trouble in
the Title Playoff game next week. I can’t remember
when I’ve been more satisfied with a football season.
It was so rewarding to work with this bunch of guys,
I was sorry to see the season come to a close. This
was more than just another winning year to me. It
was a whole new way of living, and I was enjoying
every minute of it. If only . . . O' well.

I stopped in Cliff's office on the way out and told
him how much I appreciated all the chances he gave
me, especially this last one, and how proud I was
to be a member of the PUMAS and play for him.

“Jeff,” he said, “for once in my life I’m glad I
was wrong. You've proven to me that you're a real
team man. But more important, you've proven to be
a real person. As long as I have the PUMAS, there'll
always be a spot for you.”

I started to choke up, so I mumbled some thanks
and stepped outside the office.

You guessed it. There they were—Sally and Missy
looking like a million. And as we embraced, Sally
peeked over my shoulder, winked at Cliff, standing
in the ofice doorway and said, “Everything is going
to be all right, Jeff, a little bird told me everything.”
