---
id: "903"
title: "Penal Press Exchange"
author: "CHESTER, F. C. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Penal Press Exchange
by F.C. Chester

THE PATHFINDER: I have both July and Aug-
ust issues of your magazine. They are very well writ-
ten. Your editor is to be commended for a fine
editorial in the July issue. I am sure we can look to
you in the future for up-to-date news of what is hap-
pening in Canada. Our copy of your August issue
has a large blot on paragraph four of page eight.
Censorship ?

INSIDER: There is something fishy about your
August cover. I like it! Very good editoral.

THE REBEL: You guys come up with some swing-
ing covers. But... the rest of the paper isn’t as good
as it could be.

THE HEADLINER: A very slick job on your
spring and summer issue; however, I would like to
see more articles by inmates. Getting staff members
to write your articles helps to fill your pages, but does
not help the inmates.

THE COURIER: The cover on your summer issue
is one of the best I have seen this year. The fiction in
this issue is tops. Give my thanks to the man or men
who draw Mel Borp. Your pictures are very good—
especially those on pages 18 and 19.

TEMPUS: The summer issue is one of your better
efforts. Keep up the good work. Thanks to Roland
Cope for “The Credulous Judge.”

ENCHANTED NEWS: I like the “New Look!”
Just don’t change the fine covers for which you are
famous.

SAGEBRUSH: We haven't read an issue of your
paper for along time. How about putting us on your
exchange list ?

THE ATLANTIAN: We haven't received any-
thing from you since your Golden anniversary issue.
I think we are being “‘short stopped.’’ Please... send
two copies next time. That way we might receive at
least one.
