---
id: "904"
title: "Collaboration Between Education and the Correctional Disciplines"
author: "Unkovic, Charles M (Ph.D.)"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Collaboration
Between
Education
and the
Correctional
Disciplines

Charles M. Unkovic, Ph.D.
Associate Professor of Sociology
State College
Shippensburg, Pennsylvania

This subject is so broad that we could still be dis-
cussing it in Orwell’s 1984. However, an appropri-
ate place to start would be the role of the 14 state
colleges in the correctional process. Many of the
state colleges are teaching courses in juvenile delin-
quency and it was recently noted in the newspaper
that a number of sociology students from West
Chester State College indicated that they would offer
courses to the inmates at the county farm, that is if
the inmates were interested. One hundred inmates
signed up for these courses.

At Shippensburg State College the sociology
department offers courses in criminology and juve-
nile delinquency. One of the requirements for the
criminology course is for the students to visit a county
jail and write a term report on the subject. During
the last semester many of the students discovered the
lack of any treatment in many of the jails and the fact
that at least three of the jail administrators were
antagonistic toward probation and parole officers.
On the other hand instance after instance was dis-
covered where the jails were operating under very
high standards. In the juvenile delinquency course
five group research projects are being carried out.
One group is studying the relationship of (or lack of)
between the various churches in Chambersburg, Pa.
and the juvenile court. Another group has sent
questionnaires to three counties in every state in the
union. All of the replies are not conventional. One
County in Alabama returned an unanswered ques-
tionnaire but added the following werds in red ink,
“Go to Hell.” The results of these surveys will be
forthcoming in the near future. Still, it seems ob-
vious that a departure from the static textbook course
has been initiated.

In discussing education and the correctional dis-
ciplines one almost immediately thinks of whether or
not the educational opportunities afforded the inmate
are effective. Year after year we are informed that
so many prisoners received their high school diploma
and this will enable the offender to take his place as
a law abiding citizen. Yet the discerning reader will
note that Ruth Cavan and other rebels insist that edu-
cation should be an on-going process. The changing
of an attitude is much more important, at least for
this population, than say the ability to diagram a
sentence. 

Frank Johnston, Superintendent, of the State Cor-
rectional Institution at Dallas, Pa., has emphasized
one of the major educational problems of education
in a correctional setting. The incarcerated illiterates
and mental defectives have little desire to study first
and second grade books. It is almost inconceivable
that important research has not been done in this
area. Yet apparently it hasn't.

When discussing this overall subject one must be
cognizant of the ever-recurring dangers of misinfor-
mation and half truths. While explaining or ration-
alizing the achievements of their inmates a typical
administrator will say: “Well the people that we get
are not very smart." Yet Sutherland offered support
for his theory that the inmate has the same I.Q. as the
average man in the street. And every major author-
ity in the field of corrections has accepted this theory.
So we should never explain away the failures of our
institutional educational departments, when such is
the case, by pointing to the low I.Q.s of the individ-
uals who make up the population of our various min-
imum, medium and maximum security institutions.

Then, also, there is the defense of our prisons’ li-
braries. We tell the listener about how many books
the libraries have, the fact that the inmates are pre-
paring for a better life by intelligent choice of books,
etc. Yet this is definitely not the case. The major-
ity of the books you find in the state prison libraries
are books that someone did not want when they
cleaned out their cellar or attic. None of these li-
braries have qualified librarians. By far the most
popular books continue to be the westerns. So the
prison administrators should begin to evaluate their
library programs in a realistic manner so that they can
plan needed improvements in this criticial area.
