---
id: "905"
title: "About the Cover"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
about the cover

Photo credit goes to our demon photographer,
Walter “say whiskey’’ Stepper, for coming up with
the cover for this edition of the Eastern Echo.

He dipped deep into his dust covered Pandora’s
box of ancient and evil photographs and came up
with the weird apparition, which, in my opinion, is
the one photo to end all photos of the uninformed
public's misconception of a convict. Personally, I'd
prefer something in a lighter vein for the cover, such
as Tempest Storm or Bubbles Swartz; but, we musn’t
pamper our personal tastes . . must we?

The gentleman in the grotesque and wrinkled
“Hart-Shaffner and Marx, with the belt-in-the-back,
is nattily attired in the regulation style of the one-
button-roll, that the well dressed inmate of the East-
ern State Penitentiary was wearing while lounging
about with his copy of Esquire or Playboy magazine,
in 1829. Alas, today, 1963, this inmate is dead;
in fact, I think they dug him up to pose for the pic-
ture. . . Well, maybe not. It just looks that way.
However, there is an interesting story associated with
his death. Notice the dangling right arm in the
photo. This man was an 1829 Karate expert. He
could break 15 boards with a single blow from the
side of his hand. During one of his practice sessions,
he smashed down at the boards and broke three
fingers, his wrist and fractured his elbow in three
places. He also developed a hernia from lifting
the boards. No one knew he was hurt, due to the
hood over his head, and he couldn’t speak English
. . . He asked for help in his native tongue. . . But
who knows Czechoslovakian? As a last touching
note, the coroner confiscated a paid three year sub-
scription blank to Playboy magazine, that he found
in the decedent's upper right hand pocket.

Have we progressed or retrogressed? Suffice to
say, there have been some minor changes made here
since 1829; we have a new warden for one thing,
and hoods are no longer part of the inmate’s ward-
robe (chalk up one for progress). Hoods are worn
only on the outside now, particularly during bank
jobs and seven million dollar train hold-ups in Eng-
land. Of course, these present-day hoods are made
of rayon or silk, and not the coarse burlap of 1829,
all fuzzy and everything (chalk up two for progress).

Editor’s Note: The inmate in the photo must remove his hat
to blow his nose . . . This is no longer the
case today. . . Progressive Penology Marches
On (chalk up three for progress) !
