---
id: "907"
title: "Spotlight on the Inmate Commissary"
author: "Kullman, Walter"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Spotlight
on
the
inmate
commissary

by Walter Kullman

The inmate commissary was established a number
of years ago in keeping with the policy of the Bureau
of Correction, which permitted inmates to make
small purchases of incidental personal items. It was
originally housed in small quarters adjacent to the
kitchen office at that time. In those days, inmates
placed a monthly order with their respective block
officers in any amount up to $12. and often an order
was delivered to him on his block or gallery.

In recent years, with a more liberal Bureau of Cor-
rection policy, which included the storing of many
more items for sale; a larger amount of money for
inmates to spend each month, and with the opportu-
nity for each inmate to make his own individual pur-
chases, the commissary was moved to the old laundry
building. This structure is much larger and far more
suited to handle the increased volume of business.
Recently, many renovations were made to facilitate
expediting inmate purchases.

At the present time, the commissary is staffed with
five inmates and two custodial officers: Mr. Edward
Chavanne and Mr. Mark Shoop. All facets of a mod-
ern business are headed by this group of five inmates
and two officers. This includes every procedure from
the ordering of merchandise, through all the pro-
cesses, to the actual purchases by inmates. In addi-
tion to the regular weekly commissary purchases,
daily and Sunday newspapers and all shoe repair
orders are handled.

Of the five inmates presently employed in the
commissary, two have been there for many years.
“Hommie” has worked there 12 years and Gil has
8 years service, while Lloyd, George and the others
are relatively new at their jobs. The five have a
harmonious working relationship directed to the serv-
ice of the institution population.

Our two supervisors, Mr. Chavanne and Mr.
Shoop, are always willing to give heed to various
inmate problems that crop up periodically, should
these problems have merit; however, to ease the bur-
den of everyone certain steps should be taken by all
inmates in placing their orders. They are, as follows:

(1) Use the price list on your Block Bulletin
Board or at the commissary.

(2) Prepare your own order before entering the
commissary.

(3) Try to total your own order, and avoid ask-
ing the inmate clerk, who may be waiting on
you: “How much is that?’’ “How much do I
have left?” “How many so and so can I buy
for so much?”

(4) Do not ask the officers or clerks to exchange
articles. This is not permitted.

(5) Learn the day that you “post.’’ Notices ap-
pear on all blocks and galleries. Failure to
“post” on your day can mean forfeiture of
commissary during that period.

Complying with these five simple steps will insure
quick and effective service, and, simultaneously, ease
the work load on commissary employees.

Most articles are sold at either cost price or slightly
above, so that any mark-up in prices would be neces-
sary to offset various operating expenses.

During the Christmas season each inmate is per-
mitted to spend an extra $5.00. Many extra items
are available.

Inmates who have been in other state institutions
often find that some items on sale in other prison
commissaries are not on sale here, and that we may
have items that cannot be purchased at other institu-
tions. The reason for this is, that the superintendent
of each institution formulates a policy with the dic-
tates of Bureau of Correction directives, as to what
articles shall be sold at his particular institution. Here
at Philadelphia we have a varied assortment of arti-
cles that are available to all inmates at prices far be-
low what is paid by civilians outside the walls.

Certain items may be purchases “off the commis-
sary. By this we mean, you order items on sale at
the commissary, but not with the money you have
already posted. This money is deducted from your
account in the Inmate’s Accounts Office. Items avail-
able under this plan are: sweaters, sneakers, athletic
supporters, knee and ankle supporters and various
athletic equipment.

Should any problem arise that is not covered in
this article, the inmate confronted with such problem
should contact one of the commissary officers, pre-
ferably during the morning. I am quite sure he will
make every effort to rectify your particular problem.
