---
id: "908"
title: "How to be Popular in Prison"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
How to be Popular in Prison

Cry on everybody’s shoulder. Why should you
do your own time? Your neighbor won't mind doing
it for you—MUCH.

The world is wrong; you're right. Advertise
the fact often and you'll be very attractive—TO
FLIES.

Never fail to speak badly of the other fellow.
Your audience, if any, will know it’s their turn next.

Always have something to gripe about. Spring
it at every opportunity. Your neighbor will want to
pat you on the back with a window pole.

Be different. Don’t conform to the rules. You
can have your section red hot all the time. Every-
body will wish you were in. . . well not here.

Don’t do your share of the work. Let the other
fellow carry you. Serves him right—THE DUMMY.

Be sure to tell everyone how smart you are.
They'll never know the difference—THE DOPES.

Be sure to bob up and down in your seat when
attending any of the shows. Talk loudly during T.V.
This will make the fellows behind you very happy.

Don’t keep your cell clean. After all, its your
castle; you should be comfortable —- AND SO
SHOULD YOUR LIVE STOCK

Don’t tell the truth—EVER. Tell them what
you had and what you were—OUTSIDE. The fel-
lows will be sorry that you’re here—YOU CLUT-
TER UP THE PLACE.

Put in for an interview every day. The Social
Worker will appreciate your nuisance value—And
your fellow inmates will know your SOMEBODY
—TO STAY AWAY FROM.

Always knock over the bread at meal time and
handle every slice. The fellows at your table will
appreciate knowing which slice isn’t stale. JUST
DIRTY

SKIP your bath whenever possible. You'll
knock ’em dead.
