---
id: "911"
title: "About Censorship and Writers"
author: "MURPHY, Francis A."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
About Censorship and Writers

by Francis A. Murphy

There is an erroneous consensus of opinion among
the inmates, that the Echo has a strict and rigid cen-
sorship problem. Due to this rumor, the typical
reaction to my request for material is: “Oh, they
won't let it go through. I can’t write what I want,
so forget it!”

It is my opinion that 98% of the censorship is be-
ing left to the inherent good taste of the individual,
to be his own judge on what and what not should be
written. Any topic, of course, that is offensive and
offends normal good taste would not be accepted
for publication anyway.

I think the Eastern Echo has always had an en-
lightened censorship; it’s obvious that there is no
“blanket censorship." Our issues are competing fa-
vorably with the best in the Penal Press field. We
are not resorting to the equivalent of using "skimmed
milk’’ material, fit only for juvenile consumption.

Many of our outside subscribers are of the opinion
that, from the pages of the Eastern Echo, Mr. Out-
side Citizen has begun to learn by slow degrees, that
Mr. Insider is a fellow human being, who thinks, who
acts and who responds to the same identical mental
processes as himself. He thinks we are producing
something of literary value in the Penal Press field,
plus giving the public a wealth of information about
prison life, never before available from institutions
of this kind.

I believe the purpose behind the inmate writer
can be summed up in one word: Communication.
Inmates write articles and stories for inside and out-
side readers to promote a better understanding of
common problems. As we here are aware, the aver-
age citizen knows little or nothing about prisoners
or prisons—and the public should know about them.
Another important purpose of prison publications is,
they provide a medium for creative expression,
which, in turn, encourages a rehabilitation process
and a deep personal satisfaction. Stifle and gag
creative expression and you create frustration and
bitterness.

The writer, who submits material for the pages of
the Echo, has a great responsibility. He is present-
ing to the eyes of free people at every social level a
unique viewpoint—the prisoners. It is not every-
where that the inmate is presented with so powerful
an opportunity to influence. I also believe the en-
vironment that writing for the Echo lends, is a good
incentive to encourage anyone to stir his mind with
the desire for self-betterment. If censorship kills
this incentive, then the avowed purpose of the mag-
azine is a failure. No one wants this. Basically, I
think censorship here is just a matter of building a
sound understanding between Superintendent Run-
dle and the Echo staff. I think both parties are
making an honest attempt to appreciate and under-
stand each other's problems. Soon, I| feel there will
be a mutual confidence, and few paragraphs, if any,
will be deleted or marked unsatisfactory, as was the
case in the last edition of the Echo (My only experi-
ence with censorship—Censorship in this instance is
anything that is negative to the policy of the Bureau
of Correction).

The Echo is, and will be, as good as its writers
and a progressive administration want it to be. We
are adults, and having been sentenced as such, and
serving time as such, let’s approach the problem, if
any, as such.

To write fiction for the Echo, you need not follow
some inmates’ reminders to the new author, “To
capture the reader’s interest immediately, your very
first paragraph should contain: (1) Sex, (2) High
life and big money, (3) An unconventional situa-
tion.

On that basis, if the above were true, an unbeat-
able beginning would be, “Dammit King,’ grumbled
the Dutchess, “leggo my leg.”

The Echo needs material and writers. If you have
something in mind, write it and submit it. It’s your
magazine and you will get every consideration and
help, if needed, to make your story, poem or article
presentable for publication.
