---
id: "912"
title: "Humanitarian & Physician"
author: "Kullman, Walter"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "19"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0021.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
HUMANITARIAN &
PHYSICIAN

A capsule portrait
of a prison doctor.

by Walter Kullman

To nearly all of the inmates here at Philadelphia,
Dr. Nathan Blumberg is familiar as one of the Institu-
tion physicians; but few know him as our medical
director, and fewer have any inkling into this man’s
worth as both a physician and humanitarian.

It is my purpose, in this article, to enlighten my
fellow inmates regarding the background and accom-
plishments of our medical director. All too often we
are so engrossed with our own personal problems,
that we fail to interest curselves in any of the per-
sonnel associated with the Institution. I trust that
after reading this article, the reader will view in a
different light, a very unique and eminent physician,
man and humanitarian.

Nathan Blumberg, a native of Philadelphia, at-
tended Central High School and is a graduate of
Jefferson Medical College. During World War I,
he served in the United States Army.

In the world of medicine, Dr. Blumberg holds a
distinctive position. He has been a practicing phy-
sician for over 50 years in this community, and he is
nationally and internationally recognized as an au-
thority on diseases of the chest and geriatrics—the
care of the aged.

In order that you may have additional insight
into this man’s prefessional background, a list of his
professional positions, organizations and associations
follow: former associate in medicine, Jefferson
Medical College; former associate professor of med-
icine, Temple University; professor of clinical medi-
cine, Hahnemann Medical College; former senior
attending physician to Department of Diseases of the
Chest, Philadelphia General Hospital; consulting
physician, Philadelphia General Hospital; former at-
tending physician to the Jewish Hospital and North-
ern Division of the Einstein Medical Center; consult-
ing physician to the Einstein Medical Center; consult-
ing physician to the Rush Hospital; medical director
of the Home For The Jewish Aged and York House;
author of seventy papers on scientific medicine, and
co-author of “Long Term IlIIness.”

These are just a few of Dr. Blumberg’s affiliations
with hospitals and health institutions. As medical
director of this institution, he has the responsibility
for the health and medical care of approximately
1,200 inmates. His duties here are varied. They
range from directing the entire medical program and
staff, to prescribing medicine and treatment for the
individual inmate. All phases of medical care and
hospitalization of inmates comes under his super-
vision.

The Doctor has been associated with the Institu-
tion for thirty-five years, and it should be noted that
his first ten years were served without financial remu-
neration. This is certainly characteristic of Dr. Blum-
berg’s humanitarian approach to life, his profession
and the people he deals with. He has spent a lifetime
of service activity in charities.

During his life, Dr. Blumberg has been associated
with various fraternal and religious organizations,
and he’s been the recipient of many honors and
awards, some of which are: member of Lodge #9,
Free and Accepted Masons, and recipient of their
Gold Service Button; recipient of the Jefferson Med-
ical College award for 50 years of service; honored
by the Philadelphia County Medical Society and the
Pennsylvania Medical Society for 50 years of med-
ical practice; a 50 year member of Brith Shalom and
past national president for ten years; past president
of Bnai Brith; past Grand Consul of the Delta
Epsilon and presently a member of the Board of Di-
rectors, and a member of the Personal Aid Bureau.

While interviewing Dr. Blumberg, it was evident
that through all his long years as a physician in this
institution, he has never lost his belief in the goodness
of man and the intrinsic value of each individual. He
is aware of the frailties of man and believes the need
for guidance is paramount to rehabilitation. He fur-
ther believes the vast majority of inmates can be
aided, if every inmate is treated as a man and given
the equal opportunity for self-rehabilitation.

My own personal impression of Dr. Blumberg, is
that here is a physician who has healed himself. To
see his brisk walk; to hear his subtle wit; to perceive
his quickness of mind, is to belie his seventy some
years.

In this brief article | have set down some of the
many facets of the man—Nathan Blumberg—and
by so doing, I hope that | have brought some real-
ization to my fellow inmates of how fortunate we are
in having both a physician and humanitarian as our
medical director.
