---
id: "913"
title: "Why Cry"
author: "Kelly, Jim "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
WHY CRY

The prison magazine is often accused of being
careless in its duty to the men it represents because it
does not publish all their grievances That may be a
strong charge and then, again, it may not. The trou-
ble is that a steady publishing of grievances may
appear to the reader to be just “crying.”

We are often asked to print gripes about this or
that, and more often than not we are apt to refuse.
We do, as a group, have problems for which the only
answer seems to lie in public discussion; problems
which concern our relations with fellow cons; prob-
lems which concern our relations with the officials;
problems which concern our relations with our fam-
ilies and friends outside of these walls. An honest
and open discussion of a problem of this nature, if it
is accompanied by a practical suggestion for a satis-
factory solution, can not be classified as “crying!” In
fact, no thinking person of any of the groups men-
tioned will so construe it—and none will refuse us the
privilege of an interview.

In prison, little things have a tendency to magnify
themselves in importance until they become immense
in our own eyes, whereas, when seen by another, they
seem quite insignificant. Our problem, then, is to try
to distinguish between those things which are of real
importance to the inmate body and those which only
appear important to a few individuals, but which are
really nothing but ‘‘Crying.”

What we dislike about “‘crying’’ is that it, in itself,
is a purely indifferent expression—and anything valu-
able is seldom accomplished through indifferent ex-
pressions.

Those who make a practice of “crying’’ are in the
minority, but the actions of the few often create an
impression which causes the inmate body as a whole
to be looked upon unfavorably. For instance, if
twenty-five cons or a hundred cons become known as
cry babies, the entire body may acquire the same re-
putation. No one likes a cry baby—not even other
cry babies.

There are many wrongs which need to be corrected
in prison. But the prison magazine which stresses
those wrongs—which continually gripes about them
—is not really serving those whose cause it claims to
aid. In my opinion, it is committing greater evil by
“crying.” Undoubtedly, it is so doing whenever it
fails to offer a satisfactory answer for the gripe it is
making. —Jim Kelly (Marquette Weekly Progress.)
