---
id: "916"
title: "The Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "22"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0024.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The
Musician’s
Corner

by Frederick Adams

A few months ago, Sonny Stitt, the famous alto
and tenor soloist, was approached by an interna-
tional recording studio for the purpose of recording
an album of songs. All conditions of the contract
were agreeable to Sonny, but with one reservation.
He would do the album only if he were allowed to
use a rhythm section comprised of men of his own
choosing. This was agreed to and the contract was
signed.

The reason for relating the above anecdote was to
point out the concern and reliability that an instru-
mentalist must place in his rhythmic backing. This
remains true, not only for the soloist, but also for the
big band and the combo, regardless of size, or instru-
mentation.

The rhythm section is composed of four instru-
ments: bass, drums, piano, and guitar. Most present-
day rhythm sections do not use the guitar anymore;
Count Basie, being one of the more well-known ex-
ceptions.

The string bass is the most important instrument
in the rhythm section as it is the primary pulse-setter.
If there are problems in the rhythm section, the bass
is the first place to look for the trouble.

The function of the string bass is two-fold. One,
is to provide a rhythmic beat for the movement of the
music. In this case the base must unite rhythmically
with the rest of the section. Rushing and dragging
must be avoided and a firm, solid beat established.
The bass can do much to create the feeling of pushing
forward in fast tempos and of holding back in slow
tempos.

The other function is to provide the harmonic bass
of the chords the band or combo is playing or upon
which the soloist is improvising. In both of these
functions the bass player must play the proper notes
and well-sounding progressions from chord to chord.

The bass parts that will be encountered, are of two
types. The most common is the published “stock”
material which is completely written out. Most of
the notes in these parts are chord tones in the pro-
gression with special “melodic’’ parts or fills written
in. The parts produce no problem if the player has a
basic grasp of the fundamentals of bass playing.

The second type is the more advanced published
music and most special material in which the bass
part will consist of a chord chart similar to the one
used by the piano and guitar. The following sugges-
tions may be of some help:

1 - Playing the major and minor scales around the
cycle of keys.

2 - Practice running chords in dominant-tonic re-
lation around the cycle of keys. Practice the
Major 6th, Minor 6th, Major 7th, Dominant
7th, Minor 7th, Augmented 7th, and Dimin-
ished 7th.

3 - Two patterns which will usually produce good
bass-line progressions.

Two Measure Pattern:

One Measure Pattern:

4 -Memorize basic and common progressions in
all keys in | and 2 measure progressions: V7 to
1, IV to 1, 1 to V7 to 1, in four measure
phrases; 1 to IV to V7 to I, in four measure
phrases, basic blues progressions in common
keys.

5 - Non-chordal tones, when used, should normal-
ly fall on the weak beats of a measure. Their
use will be determined by the speed of the
piece—fast tempos are more adaptable to non-
chordal tones than a slow tempo—fewer non-
chordal tones should be used behind a soloist.

As the player advances he will progress through
the periods of development and technique—playing
root and fifth; playing of the chord in arpeggiated
form (walking bass); and the playing of a melodic-
type line using non-chordal tones (line bass).

The basic function of the drums is to keep the beat
steady——to preduce the rhythmic basis for the mel-
ody of the band. The drums are the enforcer of the
string bass beat. They acquire this role because of
their strictly rhythmic nature; they are not concerned
with the harmony of the chord progressions.

The beat which the drummer produces must have
the “swing” feeling. This “swing’’ feeling should
produce a variety of different impressions. In a fast
er up-tempo piece, the rhythm music constantly surge
or push forward. This feeling of "driving" the band
must never increase the tempo in the slightest
amount. In a ballad or slow blues a lazy or relaxed
“swing feeling must be obtained. This “laying
back’’ or rather, the impression of holding back must
be done without any change in tempo.

The drummer can be a greater asset to the band
and acquire a professional polish more effectively if
he is a good reader. As the arrangements become
more difficult, the drum parts increase in difficulty,
also. ‘Stock’ arrangements, and in simple band
scores, the drum part, usually consists of a simple
notation indicating a simple “swing’’ beat through-
out. In advanced and special arrangements there are
many different rhythm patterns that are notated to
correspond with the rhythm accents of the group.
Accurate reading is a must in order to unify and en-
force the rhythm on the band at these points.

Of all the rhythms and tools that the drummer has
at his disposal, the “ride rhythm” or the hi-hat beat,
is the most important. It is the basic rhythm of any
band or group. Unfortunately, many drummers in
their desire for flash neglect this fundamental. The
drummers primary job is to bring everyone in the
band to one centralized beat and this is the function
of the “ride rhythm.” Fill-ins or accents should not
be attempted until the rhythm has been unified.

The hi-hat is closed on the second and fourth
beats. Develop two styles of this hi-hat pattern: one
in which the opening is quick and clean, with little
ring or splash, and one with a slower opening that
allows more splash.

Develop a "light foot’’ on the bass drum. When
performing time-keeping duties the drummer should
stay dynamically below the string bass. He should
be amplifying the harmonic beat of the string bass.

Having established a swinging ride rhythm, the
drummer can add the use of his left hand on the snare
or other equipment in a fashion much like the “comp-
ing" of the pianist. When backing a soloist this
comping should mesh with what the soloist is playing.

The drummer should have a working knowledge
of Latin American rhythmic patterns and the proper
Latin American rhythms for the various dances. He
should know the rhythms for the Mambo (fast &
slow), Cha-Cha-Cha, Rhumba, Bolero, Samba, Con-
go, Beguine, Tango, Calypso, and Afro-Cuban
dances. Also, some of the less common dance
rhythms such as polka and square dance.

Variance of tempo plagues many drummers. They
drag or push ahead. Rushing can be especially no-
ticed in ballads.

Drummers will, of course, listen to and attempt to
copy other drummers. Unfortunately, the beginner,
who has not yet acquired a grasp of fundamentals,
will try to imitate his idol and to play all over the
drums in a lot of intricate fills. In his search for the
spectacular effects, this type drummer will usually not
worry about keeping steady time. As a result many
bad habits can develop.

The drummer should approach his playing with
the proper philosophy. He must keep in mind that
99% of the time he is not the soloist and that his
function is to keep, unify, and enforce the rhythm.
If he has lack of understanding in th‘'s matter, he will
not be listening to what is going on in the group and
will be playing all sorts of gymnastics on his instru-
ment, dropping “bombs’’ or playing accents where
they do not fit, and will be detracting and hindering
what is being played by the group. Usually, this
player will add to his lack of understanding of the
music by playing too loud, especially the bass drum
and cymbals. This type of drummer needs an edu-
cation in listening to what other instruments are
doing.

If a drummer knows his fundamentals; is listening
to what is being played; is constantly attempting to
emphasize the rhythms, he will produce the kind of
rhythmic playing that will make him an asset to the
group. Intelligent playing by the drummer will in-
spire the group to greater results.

Because of the varying roles of the bass, drums,
piano and guitar, it is necessary to present this discus-
sion in two parts. In the next issue of the EASTERN
ECHO, we will conclude with the function of the
piano and guitar in the rhythm section.
