---
id: "917"
title: "A Profile of Martin Joseph Pearson"
author: "Haas, Jerry"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "24"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0026.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Profile of 
Martin Joseph Pearson

by Jerry Haas

Why?

When someone asks this question—
this one-worded question—the asker
should usually be prepared for a long,
detailed answer, especially if the ques-
tion is directed to someone in prison
and involves their reasons for having
committed a particular offense, or even
more specifically, the offense which
was the prelude to their entrance be-
hind these gray stone walls. Many men
are unable to give the answer to “why,”
while others are prepared, and whether
in detail or in brief, you know that
they really know—why! This, I found
to be the case with Martin Joseph Pear-
son, a quiet, unassuming, 38 year old,
153 pound, 5’ 5 1/2” gentleman, with
dark brown hair (he still has it), and
a low, but well controlled tenor voice.
Born in Philadelphia on June 13, 1925,
“Marty,” as he is known by most of us
here (especially those of us who are
members of the Chess Club), arrived
here in early 1951, shortly after re-
ceiving a life sentence in Bucks County.

Marty graduated, a commercial stu-
dent, from Roman Catholic High
School, Philadelphia, in 1943. He was
later employed in a bookkeeping and
accounting position. Shortly after grad-
uation from high school, during World
War II, he entered the U. S. Navy and
was honorably discharged in 1946.

As to the question, “Why?” I asked
Marty this during the course of our in-
terview. His answer was not detailed,
but I knew it was sincere, and | knew
he had arrived at this conclusion
after years of self-probing and intro-
spection. “Immaturity, at the time of
the incident,’ he commented briefly,
“it was a personal disaster which re-
sulted in a personal tragedy.” I thought
of how many others of us fall in the
same category. Did Marty consider
himself ill at the time of his offense?
“I guess we all are ill," he said,
thoughtfully, “when we do something
like that.’’

That Martin Pearson has recovered
from whatever was his earlier quirk of
personality, is borne out by the com-
ments made by numerous members of
the staff. One, Mr. Fred Banks, Voca-
tional Director, said: “I’ve worked with
him for many years. | can’t say any-
thing but good about Marty as an
inmate. He’s worked in a position of
trust ever since he has been here.”
Mr. Banks continued, “He is a model
prisoner deserving of release. If he has
ever had any difficulties, he has kept
them to himself. When I was a lieu-
tenant, | first came to know Marty. He
worked in the commissary. I made
spot checks and never found anything
irregular in his bookkeeping. Never
any question of dishonesty.’ Mr. Banks
stated further, “With an inmate in a
position of trust, it may be that you go
on for 3 or 4 years without finding
anything wrong; this isn’t the case with
Marty. He’s always been open.”

Mr. Thomas H. Graham, Director of
Treatment, said: “He is very accom-
modating, polite, pleasant and willing
to answer any problem he can solve.”
He continued, “Marty is the backbone
of the Chess Club. I’ve known him for
10 years and he maintains the same
calm, cool, and controlled disposition.
He never gets flustered.” Mr. Graham
concluded, “He is always cooperative."

Another high official in the institu-
tion said, “The respect Marty has from
both inmates and personnel, is remark-
able! Everyone of his work assignments
since reception has been rated as su-
perior." The official continued, ‘All
of us have committed wrongs. Some
of us are truly contritious—others are
only contritious because they were
caught. In Marty’s case, I would say
his adjustment and his performance
have proven beyond any doubt that he
falls into the group that is contrite be-
cause of the wrongs committed. Con-
tinuing, thoughtfully, the official said,
“He has been able to adjust without
suggestions. He realized his wrong and
took it from there himself.”

When asked if there were any doubts
of Marty’s potential success outside—if
and when that occurs—the official re-
sponded, “There is no doubt in the
minds of those who know Marty, that
he will be successful in any endeavor
he makes upon release."

Marty was further described as hav-
ing a good, friendly attitude toward his
fellow inmates; good work perform-
ance; is quiet spoken and well liked.
This, even though it is commonly ac-
cepted by both inmates and personnel
that he is not a “prestige’’ inmate.
The official said, “It is known—and not
merely assumed—that he has not be-
trayed the trust placed in him.’

In commenting about former War-
den William Banmiller, the official said,
“Warden Banmiller said on numerous
occasions that Marty has a phenomenal
memory. He said that when he needed
a number or location quickly, he would
call Marty and receive the data without
delay.” In talking about Marty with
other staff members, this seemed to be
the unanimous opinion.

Rev. Sidney E. Barnes, Protestant
Chaplain, said: “In my experience, he
has been very efficient and always help-
ful in any request or question that I
sent his way. He is the example of the
kind of personality—mature, respons-
ible and dependable—which any man
can become with determination and ef-
fort."

Perhaps the most significant impres-
sions of Marty, were voiced by our two
psychologists, who know Marty only as
the Deputy’s clerk. When asked his
opinion of Marty, Psychologist Joseph
E. Maher, said: “I see him as a friend-
ly, highly cooperative, well-meaning
individual. He’s always willing to be
of service with anyone that has a prob-
lem, where he feels he can be of use.
In this respect he extends his person-
ality, conscientiously making attempts
to broaden himself; to increase his
tolerance of others, and, in brief, re-
habilitate one, Marty Pearson. I think
he’s been successful.’ Asked if he felt
Marty had any uncomfortable problems
during his incarceration, Mr. Maher
said, “If he is uncomfortable with his
situation here, I think he has learned
to change his attitudes about it. He
would try to be flexible and see the
situation through. He would not lose
control of his feelings. Superficially,
he appears to be unassuming; but he
has a lot of ego strength.”

Senior Psychologist Anthony An-
drews, said: “The image most people
have of inmates is too strongly nega-
tive in most cases. Marty Pearson's
image as an inmate is too strongly posi-
tive for most people to ignore. He’s
done a lot in breaking down that nega-
tive image.

Mr. William Berg, Director of Social
Service, said: “The man has a gift
which is not given to everyone; that is
the gift of detachment. Not that he
wants to be apart from his fellow men,
but he wants to divorce himself from
his surroundings and enter into an ac-
tivity which is gainful—into something
which requires concentration not usu-
ally accomplished by many in prison.
This is a gift given to few outside.”
Commenting about Marty’s chess ac-
tivities, Mr. Berg said that the man-is
able to amuse himself. He continued,
“Chess is an excellent sublimated ac-
tivity—-gets one around and through
troublesome times—it’s a wholesome
detour." Mr. Berg said that nothing has

Martin Pearson receiving Chess
Championship Award from form-
er Supt. William Banmiller.

to be prearranged for Marty. “He isn’t
required to gear himself to a set pat-
tern." Continuing, Mr. Berg said, “He
is one resolves to himself and takes nec-
essary action as he sees fit,” speaking
of disappointments. “ His is not the re-
serve of oldness. His is the reserve of a
person who actually might have a great
affinity, but may be shy to show it,”
Mr. Berg concluded.

Superintendent A. T. Rundle, said:
“In my contacts with Marty I have
found him to be very efficient and ob-
liging. He certainly has put his talents
to work to help him do time. He is a
good example of a person adjusting to
a situation that is not to his liking.”

In addition to the various staff mem-
bers interviewed, I spoke with a num-
ber of inmates who have made their
residence here for some years. The
general concensus of opinion is voiced
in the words of one: “I’ve always found
Marty to be a nice guy. I never heard
him say anything bad about anybody
in the place. He is very quiet and
minds his own business. He will help
you, if he can, in any ‘legit’ way. He
is very well mannered.”

What of Marty’s institutional activi-
ties during the past 13 years? How did
he earn his reputation? Marty has not
been idle. One doesn’t gain the respect
that is accorded Marty, by being idle.

During his tenure here, Marty has
received certificates of completion for
courses in I.B.M. Wiring and Wire
Theory of Accounting Machines. These
courses were taught by a former I.B.M.
supervisor. He completed a course
titled, Great Books of Discussion, con-
ducted by Leon Stern, a Quaker leader
in the Philadelphia area and renown in
the fields of sociology and penology.
Marty also met the requirements and
passed a test for a class “A’’ Pennsyl-
vania Motion Picture Projectionist’s Li-
cense. He participated in the Milltown
tranquilizer test some years back, and
underwent third degree burn tests, con-
ducted jointly by the Einstein Medical
Center and the U. S. Government. The
tests were performed in the course of
searching for new processes of treating
end healing burns. Dr. J. H. Sokolic,
Adjunct, Department of Surgery, Ein-
stein Medical Center, said that Marty
was the best advertisement for the new
process.

Following his bookkeeping job in the
commissary, Marty later transferred to
his present job as clerk to the Deputy
Superintendent. He has held this posi-
tion since February 1957, when Ed-
ward Mingle was Deputy Superinten-
dent.

Marty is probably best known to
most inmates and “outside’’ folk who
are associated with the institution, for
his activity with the Chess Club. He
serves as director of the club, and, as
Mr. Graham said, he is truly the back-
bone of this organization. In 1952,
Marty learned to play chess. He did not
take to the game seriously at first. Dur-
ing discussions with a high official of
the institution, it was decided to form a
club. This was 1957. A small tourna-
ment was arranged and sixteen inmates
participated. These men were the nu-
cleus of what was later to become a
much larger and well known organiza-
tion.

Through the efforts of the official
and Dr. Konietzko, an institutional psy-
chologist at that time, who is presently
Philadelphia District Supervisor of the
Pennsylvania Board of Parole, the club
received official recognition from the
entire staff. Permission was granted to
use the staff room each night during
The week. Marty decided that if the
club was eventually to meet outside
competition their calibre of play would
have to be vastly improved. Classes
were held.

In March 1958, the first outside team
was invited to play a three-game match
with the ESP team. Dr. Michael Mor-
ello, then Director of Treatment, ar-
ranged with the Temple University
Chess Team to meet here.

As the result of the initial matches
with Temple, word spread rapidly
throughout the area and pretty soon
telephone calls were received from
other clubs requesting matches.

During a match in 1959, with Amer-
ican Legion Post #396, of Philadel-
phia, the subject of joining the Phila-
delphia Chess Association was dis-
cussed. They agreed to sponsor ESP,
if an application would be submitted by
ESP members. Through the efforts of
Joseph Nienalt, president of #396, and
Edward Strehle, at the time, secretary
of #396, now president of the Phila-
delphia Chess Association, the applica-
tion was accepted. Leon Quindry was
president of the Association, and he
made quite a strong recommendation
for acceptance. ESP was unanimously
accepted into membership.

Following the start of 1959-60 City
League tournaments, the man who was
tournament director was forced to re-
sign for personal reasons. The Chess
Association requested the Superinten-
dent of SCIPHA to permit Marty to
accept the position of tournament di-
rector. Permission was granted. The
duties involved making schedules for
matches, compiling results, publishing
weekly club and individual player
standings.

In September 1960, the Philadelphia
Chess Association held their annual
elections here at SCIPHA. Marty was
nominated as first vice president, then
the nomination was voided when it was
learned the secretary could not con-
tinue as secretary because of ill health,
and Marty was nominated and elected
secretary of the Association. It was
felt the secretary had more work to do,
and Marty had the TIME to do the
work! During his term as secretary,
Marty continued as tournament direc-
tor.

Through his contacts with the var-
ious officers of the Association, Marty
met Samuel N. Gerson, treasurer of the
Association. Mr. Gerson is the original
founder of the U. S. Olympians, an
organization of former Olympic ath-
letes. He is also one of the founders
of Olympian International. Marty was
asked to assist Mr. Gerson in complet-
ing a considerable amount of work on
the constitution of Olympian Interna-
tional. Incidentally, Gerson is a former
Olympic wrestler and a former mem-
ber of the wrestling team at Penn.

As originator of the former bi-
monthly periodicle, “‘Rooks and
Pawns,’ Marty reported the games,
scores, standings and other club activ-
ities of the ESP club as related to the
Philadelphia Chess Association.

During an interview, Marty remi-
nisced back to the early days and said
that he feels his best players are gone.
He declared, however, that there are
a lot of promising candidates for the ex-
pert rank. “There is a need,” he said,
“to keep prodding these ‘potentials’
because they have a tendency to rest
once they have a series of successful
games.”

Marty took pride in announcing that
there are five former members of the
ESP Chess Club “on the street" and ac-
tive in ‘outside’ clubs. He said that
one former ESP member is now the
tournament director of one of the local
clubs.

Another, a handicapped man,
was instrumental in organizing the
chess club for the Geodwill Industries.
The other three men are playing with
three other area clubs.

Marty feels that most men have a
basic fear that they will not be accept-
ed by society when they are released.
He feels that the major reason why the
five men of whom he speaks, have ob-
viously made good adjustments, is be-
cause they were accepted by people
associated with the various clubs. He
spoke of numerous requests from out-
side clubs to send “his members’ to
them when they are released. Some
former inmates have taken advantage
of the invitation; many have not.

To Marty, those who do not accept
the genuine offers of friendship from
people of such good reputation, are
very foolish because they will not
easily overcome feelings of rejection
which many parolees experience. He
gave a concrete example of his asser-
tion. One of the five men of whom he
spoke earlier, was living in a nearby
county. He was having an adjustment
problem. He happened to come into
the city on an evening when the Post
#396 Chess Club was meeting. Re-
membering this fact, he paid the club a
visit. The man spoke with Edward
Strehle, who took immediate steps to
secure a new parole plan for the ESP
member. Mr. Strehle spoke with parole
authorities and assumed _ sponsorship
for the man; found him an apartment
and a new job. Since then, the man has
become an active member of Post#396
Chess Club, president of a new chess
club and has since successfully com-
pleted his parole obligation.

Shortly after the 1961 riot, Edward
Strehle, president of the Philadelphia
Chess Association, addressed a letter
to Commissioner of Correction, Arthur
T. Prasse, requesting that the ESP
Chess Club be permitted to continue.
The letter commended the conduct of
the club members and advised the
Commissioner that Marty was recently
elected as secretary of the Association.
The club still continues.

Marty has been commended to the
Pennsylvania Pardon Board by William
T. Colburn, an executive of a well
known insurance company, as, “. . .
forthrightly unfeigned in his grief for
having committed the crime for which
he has..." Mr. Colburn’s letter to the
Pardon Board, further stated: ‘‘Besides
being punished severely for a serious
crime, I am sure that we all agree that
the main subject of a term in prison is
for rehabilitation. He is completely
rehabilitated. His prison behavior has
been exemplary in every respect
That he will prove a good risk in free
society is beyond all doubt.”

In maintaining his stable attitude and
exemplary conduct, Marty has con-
tinued to improve when it was believed
that there was no further room for
improvement.

I suggest that if rehabilitation is the
main purpose of prison, Martin Joseph
Pearson should be a free man!
