---
id: "920"
title: "Outside Softball Games"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0029.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
OUTSIDE SOFTBALL GAMES

FALCONS vs. WHITMANS

On April 20, the Champion Falcons
took on the Candymakers from Whit-
man’s Chocolate to open the season
with outside competition. The Falcons
defeated the Candymakers 9—1. The
opposition outhit the Falcons but six
errors in the field hurt them. The Fal-
cons collected only four hits off the
Whitman pitcher Ponsio, who had a
very good curve and fast ball. The
Falcons pitcher “No No” gave up five
hits.

FLATIRON A.C. vs. CUBAN
ALL-STARS

On May 26, the institution popula-
tion was treated to one of the best ball
games ever played on this field. The
honored guests were the World Famous
Flatiron A. C. organization. They have
participated in four consecutive World
Tournaments, 1960—1964, as Central
Atlantic Regional champs at Clear-
water Florida. The big star of this ball
club as everyone knows is George UI-
mer, their 6’ 6’ pitcher. As George
was warming up the All-Stars just
watched in amazement at ‘the stuff he
had on the ball and were buzzing
among themselves who was going to
get the first hit. This was a game that
will long be remembered here.

Here is a little added information I
was able to pick up that I thought would
be interesting to sports fans regarding
Flatirons 1963 record. Ulmer had
compiled a 36—8 won and lost record
in District Competition with an earned
run average of 0.82. Bozarth won 16
and lost 3 with an ERA of 2.72. Ulmer
pitched 5 No-hitters and |!7 shutouts
while pitching in 48 games, and he
worked 307 innings. He had a total
of 525 strikeouts and allowed only 76
walks. Flatiron won the Phila. Major
League title in addition to the Central
Atlantic Crown.

I am sorry to report that Flatiron
was eliminated in the World Tourna-
ment by Aurora, IIl., 3—0.

FROST AMOCO vs. CUBAN
ALL-STARS

On June 8, Frost Amoco played our
All-Stars but came out second best.
Ditters, an 18 year old youngster, dis-
played some fine pitching form for
Frost and with little better support in
the field could have wen the game. Two
of the All-Stars runs were scored when
Frost catcher, Walsh, made two bad
throws to second base that went into
centerfield allowing the runs to score.
Hopson and Walsh got the only two
hits allowed in the game by Kalvitis.
Ditters allowed three hits for the three
runs made by the All-Stars. Final
score 3—2.

J. B. LIPPINCOTT vs. STOREHOUSE
ALL-STARS

On June 14, the Storehouse League
played host to the printers from lippin-
cott. The All-Stars were just too much
for the printers as they went down to
defeat by the score of 15—0.

All-Stars were held to seven hits but
had the benefit of 17 walks and 6 errors
to get their runs. The printers were
without the services of their regular
pitcher and have promised a better
game next time they come in.

CHRISTIAN “9” vs. CUBAN
ALL-STARS

On July 13, we were again treated to
some fine pitching by one of the better
pitchers in the Philadelphia area, in the
person of Herman Skea. This little fel-
low really had the All-Stars breaking
their backs with every pitch. Herman
is one of the very few pitchers to beat
George Ulmer of the Flatiron A.C.

The Christian “9’’ could have left
their outfield at home this day because
the only bali that was hit was a home
run by Sam Snyder with Ed Scoleri on
base. The All-Stars had four hits and
Ron Werner had two of them. Herman
Skea had 18 strikeouts for seven innings.
The only man who didn’t strike out was
Lou McCloud. Herman had a pitch that
would seem to stop right on the plate
and drop a foot. The Christian “9”
were held to three hits by Massanova
and Kalvitis. The game ended in a tie,
at 2—2.

McCRACKENS BAR vs. CUBAN
ALL STARS

On July 14, with the rain falling,
Herman Skea and his men from 
McCrackens put our All-Stars down by
the score of 6—2. Herman pitched a
No-Hitter and had 10 strikeouts in five
innings. The All-Stars were in trouble
right off the bat when they committed
three errors on the first three batters up
for McCracken. Considering the weath-
er during the game this was a good
game to see. The boys came to play
and both teams had a good time of it.
The McCracken team also won a few
honors during the season. They de-
feated Walnut Auto in the playoffs to
become the Champions of the Tustin
League.

BRACELAND vs. STOREHOUSE
ALL-STARS

On July 20, George Braceland, a
youngster of at least 45, and his boys
challenged the Storehouse All-Stars and
defeated them 5—4, with a four run
rally in the top of the 7th inning.
Johnny Downs started for the All-Stars
and had things pretty much his way
allowing only 4 hits and one run in the
four innings. Jones, who pitched for
Braceland, had a beautiful game going,
but was having trouble with his catcher
holding on to the ball. Jones allowed
only two hits and had 12 strikeouts. In
the top of the 7th, Braceland really got
to Jason, who had replaced Downs for
3 hits and 4 runs, to go ahead 5—3.
The All-Stars got one back on an error
by the shortstop and pulled within one
but that was all they could do. The
final score 5—4.

CLUB 18 vs. CUBAN ALL-STARS

On Aug. 11, the Cuban All-Stars
played host to Club 18. The All-Stars
proved too much for Club 18, as they
defeated the visitors 9—1. It seems that
the visitors always outhit our All-Stars
but they can never score enough runs
to win the game. When you have fel-
lows like Werner, Griffin, Chuck Tay-
lor, Ed Scoleri and Dickerson running,
look out. Neiley allowed only four hits
to the All-Stars; Griffin had two, Wer-
ner had two, and Bobby Gerlach was
walked three straight times. “No No”
started for the All-Stars and was re-
lieved in the 4th by Massanova. Kalvitis
pitched the last inning. Neiley went
three innings for the visitors and was
relieved by Peipher. The visitors had
6 hits. Romanawsky, one; Neiley, one,
Selmer, one; Monillas, one; and Lake,
two.

HEGEMAN STRING BAND vs. CUBAN
ALL-STARS

We had the pleasure of entertaining
the Hegeman String Band, on Aug. 17,
1963. The All-Stars won this game by
the score of 5—3. Galm, the pitcher
for Hegeman, and Massanova, were in
a tight game for four innings. The score
was 2—1, All-Stars. The All-Stars
broke the game wide open with three
runs in the bottom of the 5th when
relief pitcher R. Nottis had trouble with
his control. Four walks, one hit and
one error account for the three runs.
Hegeman came back with two runs in
their half of the 6th when Quap walk-
ed; Gerald tripled and Vanora singled.

HARKINS BAR vs. STOREHOUSE
ALL-STARS

The Storehouse League All-Stars
walked away with an 8—1 victory over
Harkins Bar, on Aug. 25. The opposi-
tion had pitching trouble as their pitch-
er did not show up. Joe Kurtz did a
good job of filling in but the All-Stars
had their hitting shoes on and collected
three runs on four hits and a walk in
the four innings he worked. Kurtz also
had a good day at the bat, going 2 for
3. He had a single, double and a walk.
Dawkins was the heavy man for the
All-Stars with two triples and a walk in
three trips to the plate. Croxton also
had two hits and Carl Thornton had
three singles. Ross had a double and
Kingsley a single for a total of nine hits
for the All-Stars. McIntyre, Blatcher
and Zoronowski each had a double
while J. Harrington Bulakowski and
B. Harrington collected singles for a
total of six hits for Harkins. J. Harring-
ton relieved Kurtz in the fifth and al-
lowed 5 runs in the three innings he
pitched.

INDIANA A. C. vs. CUBAN
ALL-STARS

Aug. 31, Indiana A.C. shut out the
Cuban All-Stars I1—0. The All-Stars
collected only two hits off Indiana
pitcher Shaw. Werner and Gerlack each
had a single for the only hits. Kalvitis
started for the All-Stars and allowed
three hits and one run in three innings
to be charged with the loss. Massanova
finished for the All-Stars. Shaw had a
nice curve and it was working beauti-
fully. It is a pleasure to watch games
like this where the pitching is so close.
Indiana had a total of five hits. Ferraro
singled, Mahon singled, Hoffman. sin-
gled and Mickey collected two singles.
Wilson had started behind the plate for
Indiana but was hit with a foul tip and
broke a finger. Mickey was his replace-
ment.

SCOTT BROTHERS vs. CUBAN
ALL-STARS

Sept. 8, saw the end of the outside
softball games when Harry Wexler, a
real showman on the mound, brought
his charges in to battle the All-Stars.
This was a good game from the stand
point that Wexler was a man close to
fifty with a big cigar in his mouth
pitching and mowing down the All-
Stars. In the first inning Scott jumped
off to a 2—0 lead. In the second, again,
two runs were scored. With Scott ahead
4—0 the All-Stars went to work on
Wexler. After two outs in the second
inning either his arm gave out or his
cigar got him, for the All-Stars were
given life and the score was tied at 4—
4. The All-Stars then scored the win-
ning run in the bottom of the sixth,
after Johnson's pop-up to the shortstop;
Scoleri walked and stole second; Slempa
then lined a double to right field that
allowed Scoleri to score.

YOUNGSTER vs. OLD-TIMER

During the Fourth of July weekend
the Youngster and the Old-Timers play-
ed a three-game series which proved
very interesting. The Youngsters won
the first game by a score of 10—7, with
Werner and Griffin scoring three runs
each. In the second game the Young-
sters didn’t do too well when they went
down to defeat by the score of 11—3.
The third and final game of the series
was going along fine for eight innings
with the Old-Timers running away with
the game by the score of 7—3. “No
No” was pitching for the Old-Timers
and the roof fell in. The game ended
with a 7—7 score, as neither team was
able to score anymore. The game was
finally called after ten innings.

The inmate population is grateful
and thankful to each and every team
Manager and the players for giving up
their time so that we could enjoy our-
selves and we appreciated seeing some
of the better ball players in the League
around the Philadelphia area. It is a
good thing, to my way of thinking, to
see so many industrial firms and other
organizations forming teams. I think it
makes for better relationships among
its personnel; and there are times when
the owners and supervisors participate
in these games. Mr. Braceland and Mr.
Wexler, just to mention two—men in
their late forties—have proven this
point by taking part in these games and
staying right along with the much
younger men. A vote of thanks to our
Athletic Director, Mr. K. Lewis, for ar-
ranging these outside games. We hope
that we will continue to have outside
competition, since it is a big morale
builder.

The reason I didn’t give you more of
a run down on our inside softball, is
that the League had some difficulties
and it is best that we forget about the
1963 season and look ahead to 1964.
The standings of our All-Stars against
outside competition wound up this way:

Cuban All-Stars; Won 5, Lost 3,
Tied 1.

Storehouse Stars: Won 2, Lost 1.
