---
id: "921"
title: "Outside Basketball"
author: "Giardino, John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0031.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
OUTSIDE BASKETBALL

AII-STARS TEAM ROSTER

Sam Brown 
Nick 
Bell 
Stevenson 
Floyd 
J. Anderson 
Robinson 
J. Gardner 
J. Felker 
E. Brooks 

J. Massonova
H. Allen
Shep
Kofrath
Sam Jordon
Tommy Griffin
Bradley
Croxton
R. Johnson
Dawkins

On Aug. 4, the Francisville Comets
played the Stars and had our boys on
the run all afternoon. These fellows
could really play some cute tricks with
the ball. They looked like the Globe-
trotters with their clever ball handling.
They weren't very tall but they were
good. Final Score: Comets 81,. All-Stars
78. On Aug. 10, the Francisville Com-
ets returned to play the All-Stars. They
said the last game was too clase so they
went on to put another great show of
ball handling and scoring. This time
the final score was Comets 99, All-Stars
82. The Comets team was represented
by the following players: Jordon,
Mitchell, Paris, Huntley, Walker, Har-
ris, Aldrich, Young, Simmons, Wood-
lock and Thomas.

On Aug. 24, the “Y” Big 5, spon-
sored by the Christian Street Y.M.C.A.,
challenged our All-Stars and again the
Stars went down to defeat. The “Y”
team was represented by Riddrich,
McNeal, William, Shephard, Newkirk.
The final score: “Y’’ 74 All Stars 66.

The South Philly Colts came to bat-
tle the Stars on Sept. 7. The Colts really
trampled the All-Stars by the score of,
Colts 89, All-Stars 40. I think this was
the worse beating the Stars ever suf-
fered. The Colts team was made up of
the following players: Miller, Avent,
Riddrich, Irguhart, Ferguson, McNeal,
Maul, Hayward and Baxter.

On Sept. 14, the All-Stars played
host to Wyeth Laboratories of the
Philadelphia Petroleum League. This
team in coached by John P. Waldon, Jr.
Wyeth had the size on our boys, but it
seemed like they could never get in the
swing of things. Our boys were good
getting the rebounds from the much
taller Wyeth team and it showed up in
the final score. All-Stars 67, Wyeth 60.
Wyeth, not satisfied with this game, has
asked for a return game. I understand
that it has been arranged. The Wyeth
team was made up of Fiamini, Dowd,
Shoeman, Burke, Cantry, McGeary and
Lofters.

Saturday, Sept. 21, saw Fern Rock
Dragons visiting the All-Stars, and the
former were defeated. This was a
young team with plenty of height, and
they gave our boys a good game. The
Dragons only had five players and it
showed up towards the end of the
game. They promised to bring more
the next time. The players were Earl,
Ibbotson, Flaherty, McHorn and Zeil-
man. The final score was, Stars 68,
Dragons 62.

On Saturday Sept. 28, the All-Stars
played host to the R. W. Brown Boys
Club of North Phila. This was another
group of young boys with plenty of
moxie. It does my heart good to see
so many young boys taking an interest
in sports. The boys club defeated our
All-Stars, by the score of 72—-68. The
boys from Brown played a good game,
and let me say one thing, keep up the
good work and listen to your advisors
and coaches. The team was made up
of the following players. Adams, Allen,
Williams, Greenwood, Mason, Shirley,
Poole, and Goodjoins.
