---
id: "922"
title: "Chess News"
author: "Pearson, Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0032.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Chess
News

by Martin J. Pearson

The ESP Chess Club served notice
on the City’s Chess Club, that things
will be different from last season, by
trouncing Chester Pike (Industrial
League Champions) 7 1/2 - 1/2 and Post
#396 (City Champions) 614-314 in
matches played during the summer.

Scoring for ESP against Chester
Pike were L. Massey, J. Walker, A.
Colbert, F. Jackson, T. Williams, C.
White and J. O’Shaughnessy. One
game ended in a draw.

Against #396, M. Pearson, J.
Walker, T. Goodfellow, C. Buonassisi,
and K. Thornton turned in victories for
ESP while E. Monteleone and J. Bender
scored for #396. Three games ended
in draws.

INVITATIONAL TOURNAMENT

Nine players participated in a spe-
cial invitational tournament which was
held in the yard during Night Yard
Out. The prize winners were: Ist-
M. Pearson, 1314-114; 2nd - L. Massey,
914-514; 3rd - T. Williams, 8-7. The
rest of the field finished in the follow-
ing order: T. Goodfellow, 714-714;
C. Buonassisi, 7-8; A. Colbert, 6-9; N.
Spencer and J. Hovis, 5 1/2 - 9 1/2 and F.
McCall, 1 1/2 -1 1/2. F. McCall dropped
from the tournament after the first half.

CHESS LIFE

On September 5, 1963, Mordecai
Treblow, Regional Vice President of
the United States Chess Federation, vis-
ited the institution to gather material
for an article on the ESP Chess Club.
This article will appear in Chess Life,
official organ of the USCF, replete with
pictures, games, etc.

Permission has been requested from
Mr. Treblow and the USCF to reprint
this article in the Echo after its initial
appearance in Chess Life.

At the completion of each season,
prizes are awarded for the best games
of the year against outside competi-
tion. The following games were judged
the best of the 1962-63 season:

1ST BRILLIANCY PRIZE

GRUENFELD DEFENSE

    White             Black
T. Goodfellow       A. Nickel
   (ESP)             (Temple)

1. P-Q4             N-KB3
2. P-QB4            P-KN3
3. N-OB3            P-Q4(a)
4. PxP(b)           NxP
5. P-K4             N-N3 (c)
6. N-B3             B-N2
7. B-K3             O-O
8. B-K2             B-N5 (d)
9. Q-N3(e)          P-K3 (f)
10. P-KR3 (g)       BxN
11. BxB             P-QB3 (h)
12. O-O             QN-Q2
13. P-QR4           P-QR4 (i)
14. KR-QI           Q-B2(j)
15. QR-BI           KR-QI
16. P-K5 (k)        QR-BI
17. N-N5(1)         Q-NI (m)
18. N-Q6            R-B2(n)
19. B-N5!(o)        P-B3 ? ? (p)
20. QxPch           Resigns(Q)

(a) The Gruenfeld Defense was in-
novated by Ernst Gruenfeld,
Austrian Master, in 1922. The
defense is an outgrowth of the
hypermodern ideas of Reti, Alek-
hine and Nimzovitch.
With his 3rd move (P-Q4) Black
invites White to occupy the Cen-
ter with his pawns. Black will
then hammer away at the Cen-
ter with P-QB4, B-KN2 and
Q-R4. White will try to strength-
en the Center and mobilize his
forces in such a manner which
will enable him to exploit his
space advantage.

(b) The most direct attempt at re-
futation. The main drawback is
that it relieves the tension in the
Center. Q-N3 is considered to
be White's strongest, either im-
mediately or after N-B3.

(c) Not a bad move, but NxN (fol-
lowed by P-QB4) would be bet-
ter, saddling White with a weak
Queen Bishop Pawn. The text
move is played with a view to
control QB5 and to entice the
advance of the Queen Pawn
(after Black plays B-K3). Black
neglects these points and as a
result is soon in trouble.

(d) Black refutes his own strategy.
Better is B-K3, preventing the
coming move by the White
Queen, threatening to post the
Knight at B5 and enticing the
pawn push P-Q5. Black would
then have a good game.

(e) White immediately puts pressure
against the Black King Field and
the Queen side, tying down the
Knight because of the unpro-
tected Queen Knight Pawn. Now
B-K3 would be bad because after
P-Q5 Black would losetwo tempi,
as the Bishop would have to
move again. Black neglect of his
K3 square is the deciding factor
in the game.

(f) 9 . . . BxN; 10, BxB, P-K4, hit-
ting at the Center may be better,
as it presents White with imme-
diate problems. The text move
is bad because it permits White
to play P-K5, blocking the fian-
chettoed Bishop.

(g) With the idea of 10 . . . BxN;
11. BxB, followed by P-K5 and
BxNP. Black does not permit
this to happen.

(h) The full weakness of Black's
strategy, if one can call it that,
is evident in the position now
reached. White has undisputed
control of the Center. Black’s
development is backward.
Black’s King Knight, for all
practical purposes, is out of the
game and his Bishop will soon
be hitting against a solid wall
of pawns. White takes full ad-
vantage of Black’s weaknesses.
P-R5 which would
have collapsed the Queen side.

(i) Prevents P-R5 which would
have collapsed the Queen side.

(j) It is obvious now that Black has
very little choice of moves. He
is attempting to free the Knight
at N3, and maneuver his Rooks
to the Center files in an attempt
to counter attack on the Queen
side. It is too late to accomplish
these aims.

(k) Putting the Black Bishop out of
commission and making K4 ac-
cessible for deployment of his
pieces to the King side.

(l) Obviously the Knight, which is
heading for Q-6, cannot be cap-
tured.

(m) Black’s position becomes worse
after each move.

(n) Better would have been R-B1,
giving up the exchange. Never-
theless Black has a lost game.

(o) White attacks everything!

(p) A monstrous blunder. Anyway,
Black had no good move.

(q) Mate in 4 was threatened, (e.g.,
20 . . . K-R1: 21. N-B7ch, K-N1;
22. N-R6db1ch, K-R1; 23. 
Q-N8ch, RxQ; 24. N-B7 mate).

2ND BRILLIANCY PRIZE

SLAV DEFENSE:

   White          Black
 Walker A.      Selditch
   (ESP)        (Castle)

1. P-Q4           P-Q4
2. P-QB4          P-QB3 (a)
3. N-KB3(b)       N-B3
4. N-B3           B-B4(c)
5. Q-N3           Q-B2(d)
6. B-N5           QN-Q2
7. P-K3           N-N3 (e)
8. R-B1           N-K5 (f)
9. PxP            NxB
10. NxN           P-K3 (g)
11. PxKP          P-B3 (h)
12. N-B3          Q-K2 (i)
13. P-Q5(j).      PxP (k)
14. B-N5ch        K-Q1
15. NxP           NxN
16. QxNch         Q-Q3
17. QxB           B-K2
18. R-Q1(1)       Resigns

(a) The Slav Defense created by
Alapin. Its major point is the
support of the QP without shut-
ting in the Queen Bishop. The
defense often allows Black a
Queen side pawn majority for
the ending.

(b) A good alternate, considered
best by many, is N-QB3, with
grave complications ahead. Alek-
hine believed it to be White's
best, leading to favorable posi-
tions for White. At present there
is only one suggestion that may
give Black equality (e.g., 3.
N-QB3, PxP; 4. P-K4, P-QN4;
5. P-QR4, P-N5; 6. N-R2, N-B3;
7. P-K5, N-Q4—MCO 9th).

(c) Premature. Better is PxP, then
B-B4. The text move permits
White’s Queen to occupy N3,
whereas PxP would have pre-
vented that move and the need
for Black to protect his QNP.

(d) Black’s ill-timed 4th move is
now evident. His Queen is tied
to the defense of two pawns. Al-
ternates were Q-BI, QN3 and
the retreat B-BI. This last was
probably his best, though it re-
sults in the loss of a tempo. This
game illustrates why 4... PxP
is best for Black.

(e) Up to this point Black seemed
to have overcome his difficulties.
Not fully aware that his position
is none too sound he utilizes this
Knight to shield his QNP.
White’s plan will be R-BI, fol-
lowed by BxN, PxP and NxP, or
NxN if Black recaptures with the
Knight, with a discovered attack
on the Queen. Better would be
P-K3, giving added protection to
the QP and freeing the King
Bishop.

(f) A sad state. Black still is igno-
rant of White’s plans! P-K3 is
still his best move, though he
probably fears the doubling of
pawns on the King side.

(g) Too late! Black can safely re-
sign now!

(h) Black is completely helpless.

(i) B-K2 is a must, stopping the
pawn and preparing to castle.
Black is thoroughly confused.

(j) Opening lines for the heavy
artillery.

Resignation is all that can save
Black from a blistering attack.
No comment is needed for the
remaining moves.

(l) Bye, bye, Queen and the game.
Black finally resigned.

3RD BRILLIANCY PRIZE
QUEEN’S GAMBIT DECLINED

   White         Black
A. Colbert    P. Weinberg
   (ESP)        (Temple)
1. P-Q4         N-KB3
2. N-KB3(a)     P-K3
3. P-B4         P-Q4
4. P-K3(b)      N-B3 (c)
5. N-B3         B-Q2
6. P-QR3(d)     B-K2
7. B-K2         O-O
8. P-QN4        P-QR3 (e)
9. Q-B2(f)      P-KR3 (g)
10. P-KR4(h)    R-K1 (i)
11. B-N2        P-QN3 (j)
12. 13-Q3(k)    P-QR4 (l)
13. P-N5(m)     N-QR2
14. N-N5(n)     PxN(o)
15. PxP         N-K5 (p)
16. NxN         PxN
17. BxP         P-N3 (q)
18. BxP         R-NI
19. B-R7ch      K-N2
20. P-Q5ch(r)   Resigns

(a) This move is a throwback to the
days of the hypermodern play-
ers. It prevents P-K4, the Buda-
pest Defense, which in the early
days after WWI, had a great
deal of success. Modern-day
players welcome the opportunity
to refute this defense.

(b) Better is B-KN5, exerting pres-
sure on the Center. The text
move locks in the Queen Bishop
and permits Black to equalize
early.

(c) Unnecessary and bad. Better
would have been B-K2, QN-Q2
or P-QB4. The move made
blocks the QBP which must
eventually be pushed to B4.

(d) Building for a Queen side attack.
Black’s Knight at QB3 has set
up a ready made target for
White.

(e) Preventing P-N5. The useless-
ness of the Knight at QB3 is
plainly evident at this moment.

(f) Occupying the QB file and the
QNI-KR7 diagonal. The Queen
attacks in both directions.

(g) Another unnecessary move,
weakening the King position.
Black is suppose to be blocking
the N-N5. It is bad to make such
a move when the opponent has
not castled, for the pawn at KN3
presents a target which White
must attack.

(h) Made with the intention of sac-
rificing the Knight at N5, for if
Black accepts the sacrifice White
will then have an open file for
his Rooks. This is standard pro-
cedure against such weaknesses.

(i) Black is making ready to accept
the sacrifice by giving his King
an outlet, so he thinks.

(j) This is bad, as it exposes the
Knight to attack; gives White an
additional plan of opening the
diagonal from his KB3 to QR8
and placing the Rook under fre.
All these weaknesses can be laid
to the move N-QB3.

(k) White, noticing that his oppo-
nent seems lost in the position,
lines up his pieces for a mating
attack.

(l) Another wasted move. Better
B-KI followed by P-K4, with
counter play in the Center. This
may have been enough to nullify
White’s attack due to the ex-
posed position of the King. Black
is either oblivious to the danger
or is wasting moves to entice
White to play N-N5 so that he
can win a piece, though he loses
the game.

(m) White is in no hurry. He forces
the Black pieces to positions
where it will be impossible for
them to come to the aid of the
King.

(n) At long last White makes the
move Black has been waiting
for.

(o) This spells the end for Black.
Regardless of whether or not he
accepts the piece, Black’s game
is over, due to the strangling
formation of the White pieces.

(p) If 15 . . . N-R2, then either
BxNch or RxN, followed by O-
O-O and doubling of the Rooks
would spell curtains for Black.

(q) The damage done by Black’s ill-
timed moves on the Queen side,
are now evident. Black hopes
for BxR, so that even though he
would be the exchange down, he
would be able to weather the at-
tack. White does not oblige, but
continues with the onslaught.

(r) Black resigns, since he must give
up his Queen or be checkmated.
