---
id: "923"
title: "Forgiveness for Past Hope for Future"
author: "Barnes, Rev. Sidney E. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Forgiveness for Past
Hope for Future

Rev. Sidney E. Barnes
Protestant Chaplain

Recently I read about a man who
had a clock made which runs back-
wards. He wished, he said, that he
could live his years over again. But no
clock and no fountain of youth will
bring back the years that are gone. In
vain we plead with the poet, “Back-
ward, turn backward, O Time in your
flight.”

Many of us could use this word
“waste’’ to describe our lives. Wasted
opportunities, wasted hours, wasted
money, nothing lasting accomplished!

Jesus knew all about this. He told a
parable about a prodigal (wasteful)
son, who was wasting his life. When
the son finally came to, he realized that
he couldn’t live the years over again.
There was nothing to do but to go to
his father and ask for forgiveness. This
he did, saying, “Father, I have sinned
against heaven and in thy sight.”

The father was waiting for him to
come. He immediately forgave him
and, to show that he was completely
restored to sonship as before, he put
shoes on his feet, a royal robe on his
body, and a ring on his finger.

In these words Jesus is speaking to
you and to me, saying that we can’t
turn back the clock and that there is
no need to do so, because He suffered
on the cross for all our sins. There is
forgiveness with God. Only trust Him,
and then you will be able to say with
St. Paul, "Forgetting what lies behind
and straining forward to what lies
ahead, I press toward the goal for the
prize of the upward call of God in
Christ Jesus" (Philippians 3:13, 14,
RSV).
