---
id: "924"
title: "None"
author: "McHUGH, Rev. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Murphy, Francis A."
year: "1963"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "8"
issue: "3"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1963_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Father John J. McHugh
Catholic Chaplain

“If a man have a hundred sheep and
one of them stray, will he not leave the
ninety-nine in the mountains, and go
in search of the one that has strayed?
And if he happens to find it, amen I
say to you, he rejoices over it more
than over the ninety-nine that did not
go astray.” (Matt. 18: 12)

In the parable of the lost sheep, Our
Lord teaches us the importance of
every human being—even the strag-
gler. This importance of the individual
is not based on his wealth, power, posi-
tion or connections, but is based on the
very source of his life—that he is a
creature made in the image and like-
ness of God with an immortal soul and
an eternal destiny. In order to achieve
this destiny man is endowed with cer-
tain unalienable rights and the freedom
to enjoy these rights. The dignity of
man demands that these rights be re-
spected and the present worth of the
individual should not be prejudiced by
the past record.

As a person matures, changes in
character are wrought, often brought
about by the integration of religion in
the life of the individual. It is some-
times dificult to convince some of this
change, but a sincere acceptance of the
observance of the laws of God, pre-
cludes any serious violation of the laws
of state. This point is beautifully il-
lustrated in the following poem-story:

“It was battered, scarred, and the auctioneer thought it was scarcely worth his while
To waste his time on the old violin. He held it up with a smile.
‘What am I bidden, good people,’ he cried, ‘who'll start the bidding for me?
A dollar? a dollar! now two, only two? two dollars, and who’ll make it three?
Three dollars once, three dollars twice; going for three?’ But no
From the room far back a gray-haired man, came forward and picked up the bow;
Then wiping the dust from the old violin; and tightening up the strings,
He played a melody pure and sweet, as sweet. as an angel sings.
The music ceased and the auctioneer, with a voice that was quiet and low
Said ‘What am I bid for the old violin?’ and he held it up with the bow.
‘A thousand dollars, and who’ll make it two? two thousand, and who'll make it three?
Three thousand once, three thousand twice, and gone,’ said he.
The people cheered, but some of them cried, ‘we don’t quite understand
What changed its worth?’ Swift came the reply: ‘the touch of a master’s hand.’
And many a man with life out of tune, and battered and torn with sin
Is auctioned cheap to a thoughtless crowd, much like the old violin.
A mess of pottage, a glass of wine, a game and he travels on.
He is going once, and going twice; he is going and almost gone.
But the Master comes and the foolish crowd, never can quite understand
The worth of a soul, and the change that’s wrought, by the touch of a Master’s hand.”
