---
id: "928"
title: "Our Thirty- Fifth President"
author: "Williams, Jr. John L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0002.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
OUR THIRTY-FIFTH
PRESIDENT

by John Leonard Williams, Jr.

On the day of their happy wedding, he gave her a band of gold.
They solemnly promised each other forever their love to hold.
From the day of that happy event until he rose to God’s Fold,
They fulfilled their vow to each other while she wore his band of gold.

At the moment that he was wounded through an act of one so bold,
She tenderly held him with sorrow, a sorrow no heart should hold.
She touched his hand and kissed him good-bye; then removed her band of gold
And placed it awhile on his finger with her love for him to hold.

His son saluted his casket on the day he was three years old;
His wife and daughter knelt in prayer, those things forever shall be told.
Were he asked at The Gates of Heaven: “What things of earth do you hold?”
We can be sure he gave this answer: “Just their love and tributes told.”

Six horses were pulling the caisson, in weather sunny but cold,
A riderless steed walked behind it with spirit hard to control.
Black boots were reversed in the stirrups, a custom centuries old,
It paid tribute to a fallen leader who entered Heaven’s Fold.

She marched behind the caisson, with grandeur our memory will hold,
As it carried him to the cathedral for blessing of his soul.
Nobility came from foreign nations: two hundred twenty all told,
They marched to St. Matthew’s Cathedral, half of a mile in the cold.

President Eamon DeValera who was eighty-one years old,
Prince Bertal and Queen Frederika were part of the homage fold.
Chancellor Erhard and Princess Beatrix they too marched in the cold,
As well as Emperor Selassie and persons not herein told.

At the church were thousands of people, more people than it could hold.
There were one thousand one hundred inside; the rest prayed in the cold.
A Pontifical Requiem Mass asking God to take his soul
Was said by Cardinal Cushing a Shepherd of His Earthly Fold.

He was laid to rest at Arlington, with our love for him to hold,
For he served our people with honor and courage of one so bold.
He guarded our Constitution and all the freedoms it does hold,
And as long as World History is written his good deeds will be told.

He seldom missed a Sunday in church for God gave him more than gold,
Such as love from his wife and children and his thanks to God he told.
Many are called, though few are chosen, but he went up to His Fold
For he believed in all His teachings and was on His honor roll.

We will mourn the loss of our Leader, with long and unmeasured toll,
And rejoice for the Queen he left us whose essence is worth all gold.
May God in His infinite mercy have compassion on his soul;
Forever protect his family till He takes them to His Fold.

COPYRIGHT: John Leonard Williams Jr., 1963

NOTICE: Penal Press members may reproduce during 1964 without written approval
