---
id: "929"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Spring 1964
Vol. 9   No. 1  

Editorial Staff 

EDITOR
Edward T. Miller
Frederick Adams — Music Editor
Merton Engle — Art Editor 
Edward Seoleri — Sports Editor
Faber Stengle — Copy Editor 
Thomas Williams — Rewrite
Frank Rouse — Staff Writer 
Walter Stepper — Photography
 
PRINTING 
Thomas Butler — Layout 
B. A. Raszkiewiez — Tech. Consultant 
Samuel Goebert — Linotype 
Felix Capone — Pressman

Administration

Governor
Wiliiam W. Scranton

Attorney General 
Walter E. Alessandroni

Commissioner 
Arthur T. Prasse

Deputy Commissioner 
Kenneth E. Taylor 

Superintendent
A. T. Rundle

Director of Treatment
Thomas H. Graham 

General Supervisor
Veto A. Iavecchia 

Printing Instructor
Alfred French, Jr. 

The Eastern Echo is staffed and printed
by inmates at the State Correctional Institu-
tion at Philadelphia. The views expressed
herein are strictly those of the individual au-
thor and not necessarily those of the ECHO
STAFF. Reprinting, in whole or in part, of
any of the contents of this publication is cor-
dially invited.

CONTENTS
The Outmates                                    4
The Lawyer                                      9
The Player                                     13
Profile                                        15
Looking at a Red Safeguard                     18
Who Might Have Been                            20
Sportsmen’s Banquet                            29
Academic Degrees Awarded at School Dedication  30
Deserving Diner's                              30

DEPARTMENTS
Editorial                                       2
From the Superintendent's Desk                  3
The Best of Engle                              16
The Musician’s Corner                          21
The Art Page                                   23
Inside Information                             24
The Sport Section                              26
Chess News                                     31
From Our Chaplains                             32

ABOUT THE COVER: The picture of the little girl appearing on the cover was done
in pastel medium by our own art illustrator, Merton J. Engle. A self-taught artist,
Engle began painting as a hobby in 1952 and is adept in oil, charcoal, pen and ink
and resins. His title for the painting is “First Communion.” Unfortunately, the print,
in black and white does not do justice to the drawing.
