---
id: "93"
title: "Contents"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
STAFF

EDITOR
Robert D. Heinemann

ASSOC. EDITOR
Harry W. Johnson

FEATURE EDITOR
John L. Williams Jr.

STAFF ARTIST
James Morrison

SPORTS EDITOR
Steve Poltorak

ASST. SPORTS EDITOR
Henry Myers

STAFF WRITERS

SPECIAL FEATURES
Francis A. Murphy

CORRESPONDENTS
Joseph J. Corvi
L. J. Biancone

MUSIC
Selvian R. Chandler

The Eastern Echo, its Editors, or the 
Institution, itself, cannot be held re-
sponsible for plagiarism. The contents
of the magazine are not copyrighted
unless indicated, and all work appearing
therein is in the public domain.

Vol. 1   Winter of 56   No. 4
                                                           page
                         Stories
TOUGHEST LITTLE REDHEAD          By Joseph Rosselli          14
SOMEBODY HATES ME DOWN HERE      By Francis A. Murphy        20
THIS IS YOUR LIFE ?              By Andre L. Paschedag       22

                        Articles
CHRISTMAS DAY - 1956             By John L. Williams, Jr.     4
WANTED                           By Robert D. Heinemann       6
FAREWELL, CHIEF                  By Joseph J. Corvi          10
JUVENILE DELINQUENCY             By John L. Williams, Jr.    12

                        Features
FROM THE WARDEN’S DESK           By William J. Banmiller      2
CAGE ONE                         By Robert D. Heinemann       3
CONVERSATION                     By Robert D. Heinemann       8
FOR CONSIDERATION                                             9
READ INTO THE ECHO RECORD                                     9
SPOTLIGHT ON THE DENTAL LAB      By Selvian R. Chandler      11
THEMES AND VARIATIONS            By Selvian R. Chandler      16
THE THOUGHTS OF H. W. J.         By Harry W. Johnson         17
GARAGE NEWS AND VIEWS                                        23
TRIVIA                           By Joseph J. Corvi          24
THE VISITING ROOM                By Thomas Wodarski          26
“NIGHT BEAT”                     By Robert D. Heinemann      26

                        Religion
“THE STONES WILL CRY OUT”        By Rev. Edwin L. Gallagher   5
A WITNESS IN PRISON              By Rev. John Byitte          5

                        Sports
INSIDE SPORT SHORTS              By Steve Poltorak           18
FOOTBALL PANORAMA                By Henry Myers              18
A FICTIONAL INTERVIEW            By Steve Poltorak           19

                      Miscellaneous
DERE OUGHTA BE A LAW A‘GIN IT!                               21
THE EASTERN ECHO MAIL BAG                                    28
COMING ATTRACTIONS                            Inside Back Cover

The Eastern Echo is printed quarterly by the inmates of:
THE PRINT SHOP 
at Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
