---
id: "932"
title: "The Outmates"
author: "MILLER, Edward T."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE OUTMATES
by Edward T. Miller

We are all familiar with the term, “Prison In-
mate.’ We know that prison inmates are ex-members
of society who have been convicted of a crime, and
therefore, are lodged in a penal institution to serve
out their sentences. That they often lie fallow, and
upon release become repeaters, can be seen reflected
in the nine percent national crime rise and the ex-
tremely high rate of recidivism, which on a national
scale is seventy-five percent.

Before I explain “PRISON OUTMATES,” which
is a revolutionary concept in penology, I issue a
warning to those who are quite satisfied with present
penal philosophy; the following text will require an
open mind and unless you are willing to be objective,
no purpose will be served by your further reading of
this article.

My writing is directed to the visionaries, the mal-
contents and the dreamers who are never satisfied
with that which is, but are forever inquiring into the
the whys and wherefores, seeing things as they
should be rather than as they are. If you are one of
the indifferent, and yet feel that a more enlightened
treatment of your wayward brethren might—yjust
might—aid in the rehabilitation and return to society
of non-recidivist, useful citizens, then by all means
continue reading.

WORK RELEASE

PRISON OUTMATES is a work release program,
or as it has also been called, a SLEEP—IN-WORK
—OUT system where the convicted offender not
only supports himself but also relieves society of the
burden of supporting his family while he is serving his
sentence.

The State of North Carolina, who only a few years
ago depended on striped pants and leg irons for
“security, is the leader of this new concept in pen-
ology. This is not merely a token or'a pilot program
that the Tar Heel State has instituted. More than
1400 North Carolina prisoners are part of the work
release program. These inmates are priviledged each
morning to hold regular jobs in the free community.

The program is paying off handsomely fer North
Carolina by a diminishing prison population. Yet, the
Federal prison system and most state prison popula-
tions are growing at a phenomenal rate. In the last
two years, since “work release’ has been in effect,
the prison population of North Carolina has de-
creased by more than a 1000 prisoners. This is 300
prisoners less than the predicted increase estimated
by experts a half-dozen years ago. The “work re-
lease’’ was initiated as part of an all-out drive against
crime by Governor Luther Hodges and is being
maintained under the present administration to com-
bat the state’s crime growth. This plan proves that
prisoners can be rehabilitated outside prison walls.
If the main purpose of the penal institution is the
return to society of useful citizens, then we feel that
North Carolina has the answer—in part at least—to
the rehabilitation problem.

PUBLIC REACTION TO WORK RELEASE PRO-
GRAM

Louis Poole, the Assistant Supervisor of inmate
employment in North Carolina, says that employers
recently have begun cooperating to an amazing ex-
tent. “We just don’t have enough skilled prisoners to
fill all the job requests,’ said Mr. Poole.

“We have prisoners working in the trades, as store
clerks, auto salesmen, laborers, and in many other
occupations. Salaries range up to $140.00 per week.
The average is between $50.00 and $60.00. Take
home pay is left at each prison unit's office. The state
retains $2.25 a day for housing and feeding the pris-
oner. The prisoner is also assessed the cost of trans-
portation to and from work if provided by the state.
He receives a few dollars a week to take care of
personal expenses. The balance of his earnings is
split, with some money earmarked for family support
and the rest for the prisoners trust fund. Many con-
victs are eligible to participate, however, the Prisons
Department excludes sex offenders, dope addicts,
and prisoners housed in maximum security units.

THE STATUS QUO

Is the condition in which we find our penal system
conducive to recidivism ?

There are those among you who shy away from
any disturbance of the “status quo,” and many feel it
is their duty to attack and disparage anything new.

Tradition and habit play important roles in the
history of man. Yet, all the great discoveries, the
social reforms, the scientific breakthroughs, were
made, not by clinging rigidly to the lines of out-
moded tradition, but rather by visualizing something
new, a better system, and daring to cast off the op-
pressive ties of habit and tradition and step forward
into the light of discovery. Unfortunately, it is not
always easy to convince the populace that the new
method is the better method. The adversities suffered
by such men as Galileo, Columbus, Leonardo Da
Vinci, Tom Paine, Copernicus, and many others,
signify man’s resistance to change.

Tradition serves a necessary purpose and we rec-
ognize that certain traditions must stand. We are also
aware that traditions can outlive their usefulness. We
hope that society can find the courage to eliminate its
outworn traditions and cut the antiquated bonds of
penology and surge forward to a new, enlightened
understanding between society and the deviant.

Hundreds of books and millions of words have
been written on the subject of penal reform and
much has been accomplished. Yet, it falls far short
of what is required to significantly affect the crime
rate and recidivism. If society remains apathetic to
the plight of the convicted offender, can it expect a
continuous rise in the crime rate? Indications are that
society can look forward to an increase in crime.
More prisoners are being put into more and more
prisons. This is a clear indication of the need for a
drastic change in the treatment of offenders.

It is society that must recognize its responsibility
and be willing to shoulder the burden of reeducating
and retooling offenders to successfully compete in
our most competitive of societies.

At the present time a person is convicted of a
crime and sentenced to a penal institution where he
forfeits—among other things—his right to engage in
productive, gainful employment. In a culture that is
based on the family unit and gainful employment,
this forfeiture might seem justified at first glance. A
second and more penetrating inspection will bring to
light a very serious paradox.

Would anyone seriously consider exposing a pa-
tient with a bad cold to pneumonia in order to cure
the cold?

Would anyone seriously consider exposing an of-
fender to a much larger dose of the economical ad-
versity which already afflicts him in order to affect a
cure?

Obviously, they certainly would. For this is exactly
what society does when it banishes its offenders to a
penal institution and denies them the right to support
themselves and their families. I am referring now to
the offender who, because of financial inadequacy,
turns to crime.

How will prison help him? Will it remove the
cause of his deviation or will it aggravate the very
cause that prompted his deviation ?

And what of the offender who had no pressing
financial problem before his commitment? Will he
find the added burden of enforced pauperism too

The ex-con doesn't get the choice job.

great a hardship to overcome and resort to crime on
his release? All too often, this is exactly what hap-
pens. The prisoner is released with literally none of
his problems resolved, and in fact, many of his origi-
nal problems aggravated by his inability to earn suf-
ficient funds while he is in prison.

Employment after release in many cases, is just
another chapter in the never ending nightmare of the
convicted offender. Apathetic or downright antag-
onistic employers can make life miserable for a be-
wildered ex-inmate trying to readjust to a world that
passed him by while he was serving his sentence. It
is a fact that the ex-con doesn’t get the choice job. I
don’t argue the merit, I merely state it as a fact. He
is usually last hired and first fired if the economy
takes the slightest dip. The average offender (if
there is such a person) is at best, a semi-skilled work-
er and more likely a laborer. The very type of worker
that is easiest to replace.

To be fair, there are some responsible employers
who literally bend over backwards to help ex-
offenders to readjust. We are aware of the fact that
some humanitarian employers have had their trust
betrayed by the very ex-offenders who they had tried
to help.

I ask the following question here: What is the best
method of teaching good work habits—Is it done
through a system of rewards for good work?

Men who spend their time in menial, nonproduc-
tive jobs in prison lose sight of this ‘reward for good
work’ system. It is not reasonable to expect overnight
changes in these same men, who for years have had
the productive impulse stifled. Self-respect and dig-
nity, like a cloak, should not be removed and re-
placed at will. There is considerable evidence, that
in this culture a man’s self-respect, therefore much of
his social orientation depends on his “right to work.”

Gainful employment and creative, responsible ac-
tivity, enables the individual to establish his individu-
ality and social usefulness. Deprived of work, he
often loses “relatedness” to life and the ability (or
desire) to be productive.

In prison, however, this “right to work’’ is too
often ignored. Immigrants living in the slum areas
illustrate the effects of unemployment among the
male members of the family. Because of the numer-
ous opportunities of the women to obtain employ-
ment, the roles of the family change, with husband
and wife situations reversed. This invariably results
in the loss of prestige and self-respect of the father
(or male), who sometimes turn to crime as a means
of regaining status.

If work, that is, satisfying, gainful employment,
does indeed play the important role in a man’s life,
that knowledge and experience leads us to believe
then we had better do something about our lack of
responsible, gainful employment in our prisons. A
good example of the lack of motivated work in pris-
ons, is in one institution which has more than half of
its population on menial maintenance work, such as
sweeping, washing dishes and yard policing. Neces-
sary work? To be sure. But hardly motivating and
in many cases, monotonous and depressing, with a
retraining value of zero. Most men are interested in
their work because of the standard of living it pro-
vides. To a lesser degree they are interested in the
amount of personal satisfaction they gain from their
work. The average worker's interest in his job tends
to vary with the degree of status and the pay level.
The lower the worker's status, the less interested he
is likely to be in his job.

CASE HISTORY

On the job in Raleigh, North Carolina, Jessie Ennis
looks like any other service station attendant. He
pumps gas, checks oil, cleans windshields. His blue
denim uniform and western style black boots, hide
the fact that he is a convict serving three to five years
for breaking and entering.

Ennis is one of more than fourteen hundred pris-
oners enrolled in North Carolina’s ““Work Release
Program’’ which was launched two years ago. He
holds and outside job during working hours and
spends his off duty time in confinement. His earnings
of fifty dollars a week pay his way through prison,
support his wife and three young children, and pro-
vide him with a nest egg for use when he is released.

Jessie Ennis, age twenty-two, dropped out of high
school in the tenth grade, married early, began a
family and ran into financial trouble. That makes
him a typical beneficiary of the “Work Release
Program.”

“Since I’ve been here I’ve gotten a different out-
look on things,” he says of his job. “They don't treat
you like a convict. They don’t hold it over you. It’s
like I had come off the streets and gotten a job.”

His employer, Emmet Bagwell, has hired several
prisoners and plans to keep Ennis after he is paroled.

“Work Release" has smoothed the way for the
transition from custody to parole for Ennis, it has also

Punish the innocent as well as the guilty?

eliminated the probability of a broken home for him.
He will be a good parole risk, because he has already
adjusted to his job and he will not be penniless when
he leaves prison. Most of all, Jessie Ennis has been
allowed to retain his self-respect and his human dig-
nity, while being permitted to support himself and his
family. He has built up confidence that he can con-
tinue to legitimately support them upon release. The
case of Jessie Ennis serves as an illustration of what I
think rehabilitation should accomplish.

THE OFFENDER’S FAMILY

Is that punishment a just punishment which pun-
ishes the innocent as well as the guilty?

The answer to this question is not as simple as it
might seem. Whenever the subject of the suffering
and hardships of the imprisoned offender's family is
raised, the standard, pat answer is a reference to the
family of the victim. Has anyone ever known two
wrongs that equalled a right?

The imprisoned offender's family is a very distress-
ing problem, for obviously they are guilty of no
crime, yet they suffer financial problems and psycho-
logical problems of even more eminent consequence.
If the imprisoned offender is the bread winner, then
the problem of the family becomes acute. Either the
wife has to go out of the home and find work or the
Commonwealth, through relief, is further penalized.
Neither the former nor the latter situations are
healthy. Where the wife is forced to go out of the
home in order to earn a living, the children, invari-
ably, suffer and the family is usually forced farther
apart. When the Commonwealth takes over the re-
sponsibility of providing for the family of the con-
victed offender, it places a double penalty on itself,
for it must keep both the offender and his family—a
very unhealthy situation as the experience of the Wel-
fare Department, with three generation welfare fam-
ilies, will attest. The Commonwealth should have no
desire to promote welfare as a way of life.

Under the Work Release Program, the offender
and his family can retain their dignity. The offender
who qualifies would assume the rightful burden of his
own and his family’s support. This fact, that the
offender has been allowed the privilege of support-
ing his family, will go a long way toward keeping the
family unit stable during his imprisonment. Society
must be willing to recognize its responsibility to the
offender's family

THE PENAL REVOLUTION

And tt shall come to pass that when they
make a long blast with the ram’s horn, and
when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all
the people shall shout; and the wall of the
city shall fall down flat, and the people
shall ascend up every man straight before
him.

JOSHUA, 6:5

All over the world an unsung revolution in peno-
logy is quietly, but swiftly, taking place.

SWEDEN: The Swedes, longtime leaders in modern
penology, have designed a factory to produce pre-
fabricated houses in prison. The factory-prison will
employ 120 prisoners. They will be paid regular
industrial wages of approximately $1400 to $2000
annually. Deductions will be made for taxes, room
and board and a regular allowance for the support of
their families. It is hoped that an air of freedom can
be created inside the prison. Prisoners will be allowed
week-end passes to visit their families. In Sweden
seventy-five per cent of convicted persons are serving
out their sentences on one type of probation or
another.

GREAT BRITAIN: British penologists have intro-
duced a plan under which preventive detainees in
several prisons are serving the last nine months of
their sentences in semi-freedom. The prisoners are
permitted to work at regular jobs in civilian industry,
reside in a hostel and go about on their own in the
evening. The regular wages earned give them an
opportunity to accumulate a small savings account,
which will enable them to get off on the proper foot
when released.

All inmates, serving two years or more, may earn
a remission of one-third of their sentences by keeping
an exemplary conduct rating throughout the duration
of their confinement. They may also be permitted five
days leave during the four months prior to their re-
lease, for the purpose of contacting possible employ-
ers, arrange domestic problems and to generally re-
store self-confidence.

U. S. A. :

While North Carolina is credited with pioneering
this type of rehabilitation, variants of the Work Re-
lease Program are in use in nine other states and
many more states are investigating its potential.

An honor system without custodial supervision is effective.

Among the states giving it a trial in the last two years,
are:

CALIFORNIA: Folsom Prison, Represa, California.
Governor Edmond G. Brown recently gave his ap-
proval on a Senate bill which authorizes the Director
of Corrections to remove inmates from prison for the
purpose of arranging a parole placement program.

WISCONSIN: In 1962, the State of Wisconsin re-
leased 2,281 prisoners to participate in the work
release program. These prisoners earned $633,800.

OREGON: The State of Oregon has had a successful
work release program for the last two years.

PENNSYLVANIA: Known as "Prison Outmates” in
Lancaster and Allegheny Counties, a limited pilot
program has been in operation since 1961. It has
155 prisoners sentenced for nonsupport leaving pris-
ons daily to hold outside jobs without incident. Re-
peat, without incident!

WASHINGTON D.C.: A work release program for
inmates serving sentences on misdemeanor convic-
tions is taking shape. The District Commissioners
have ordered a bill drafted for submission to Con-
gress. The plan would permit selected prisoners to
leave the institution to work on outside jobs.

INDIANA: In view of the success of allowing inmates
in Indiana to attend outside A.A. meetings from the
Michigan City Prison, Warden John W. Back, of the
Indiana Reformatory, recently allowed two inmates
from his institution to attend outside meetings. In-
mate trips outside the reformatory are extremely
practical and beneficial.

Thirteen inmates recently left the institution to tour
two computer installations in Indianapolis. This trip
was made with no trouble or security problems and
resulted in benefits for the inmates, personnel of the
computer installations and the institutional officials.

The inmates, students of the Reformatory’s data
processing Training Program, were able to see actual
operations of the equipment they were studying. Per-
sonnel of the computer installations saw that all in-
mates were not the monsters depicted by some
newspapers.

Institutional officials received favorable publicity
for allowing the trip. An important thing that the
officials learned, was that an honor system without
custodial supervision is effective, and that the inmates
can be trusted if given a chance to retain their self-
respect and their human dignity.

A WALL OF APATHY:

Society has become too preoccupied with the de-
fects of the offender and the problem he presents;
and too little interested in his potential for social
development.

The public all to often becomes indifferent to the
convicted offender once the walls of prison have
engulfed him. Little or no thought is given to the fact
that at least ninety-five per cent of all convicted of-
fenders will be returned to the free world. Society
must look to the lack of quality in its vocational pro-
grams within the penal institutions as being responsi-
ble for the high rate of recidivism. It is obvious that
most repeaters return to prison because of inadequate
vocational ability. Ironically, this is usually the rea-
son that they came to prison in the first place. The
ultimate goal of all institutional treatment is the re-
lease of men, better adjusted to the demands of life
in free society.

I feel that work release could be valuable tool in
reaching that goal. Work release is not meant as a
panacea. There is no one shot cure-all to recidivism.
Each case presents a different set of causes and ef-
fects. Some of the other tools that could be used
successfully in the future are guidance, understanding,
and education.

Let us put a stop to this senseless waste of produc-
tive manpower. Let us put our offenders to work to
support themselves and their families. Their wages
will help support the state and the Federal govern-
ments through the taxes which they will pay. If
parole is designed as a bridge between prison and
society, then imprisonment, with its associate non-
gainful employment, is most certainly widening the
gap between society and the deviant. Why not an
inmate work program?

There is another factor to be considered. The out-
mate, or Work Release Program, could be made to
work for perhaps thirty to thirty-five per cent of our
prisoners. The sixty or seventy percent remaining still
have the same problem of lack of adequate gainful
employment. Not only does this remaining percent-
age lack gainful employment, they are without the
means to acquire the necessary knowledge and man-
ual skills to compete with the highly technical labor
force of the present times. Antiquated and outmoded
facilities in most prisons today teach skills which are
difficult, if not impossible, to work at upon release. It
should be recorded, that there are efforts being made
in some penal institutions to upgrade their industrial
programs to attain the level of more modern and
advanced prisons. This industrial program, designed
to encompass the larger percentage of inmate popula-
tion who would not qualify to participate in “Prison
Outmates,’’ would not only include the expansion of
existing prison industries, but, also, require the addi-
tion of new industries and the elimination of the
aforementioned antiquated facilities. The acceptance
of the prison outmate system would open the way for
the expansion of the inmate industrial program. The
beneficiaries would not only include the inmates but
also society, with the lessening of taxes through the
reduction of welfare expenditures and prison subsist-
ence. Along with these benefits would be the addi-
tional benefits derived from the taxation of the Out-
mates wages.

I believe that the greatest advantage to be gained
from the Prison Outmates Plan will be in responsible,
self-reliant, ex-offenders who have returned to soci-
ety because of their own initiative, paying their own
(and their families) way with honest endeavor and
gainful, productive, self-satisfying work. The pro-
gressive minds of our eminent penologists have of-
fered society the challenge.

We, the offenders, are ready and willing to accept
it. Are you, Society, able to meet this newest and
greatest of all challenges in Penal History?
