---
id: "933"
title: "The Lawyer"
author: "O'Brien, Bob"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "9"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0011.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Lawyer
by Bob O'Brien

In the forefront of American jurisprudence stands
the advocate—that colorful figure of fact and fiction
who has caused more controversy than the brain
trusts and criminals he has prosecuted and defended.
The target of arrows, from the barbed invective to
the silver platitude. The advocate holds the fate of
more lives in the palm of his hand than the surgeon.
A home, a marriage, a life, the future of our country
more often than not balances on the fine edge of legal
acumen.

Although our criminal law is an archaic jumble of
conflicting statutes its substance is fairly well agreed
upon. There is no question that arson, larceny, rob-
bery, murder and rape are crimes. Just as there is
controversy about homosexuality, gambling, prostitu-
tion, alcoholism and drug addiction. By the same
token, as long as we have the death penalty its pros
and cons will be heatedly debated. (Lately there has
been much concern and disagreement on the legal
responsibilities of the mentally ill and defective.)
Extensive work must be done to unify our criminal
codes, but this task is perpetual because law and the
society it serves is in a constant state of change, and
always will be.

Progress toward the formulation of a model penal
code leaves much to be desired when it is remem-
bered it may only take days to enact a new law; but
it usually takes decades to modify or correct its defi-
ciencies.

It is when we leave the statutory area of law and
consider the administration of justice that we find
chaos, confusion and pitiful discrimination. For it is
in the application of the due process of law that we
miserably fail. Few people are aware that when a
person is convicted of a crime it is the due process
clause of the law that detemines the degree of guilt,
culpability, aggravation, mitigation and, of course,
the subsequent penalty. The innocence or guilt of a
defendant is important; but justice or due process of
the law is of greater importance—for this is the way
in which a democratic society protects itself from its
own excesses! In the literal meaning, procedure
means due process.

How does it work—or does it work? How often
does it fail?

According to the American Civil Liberties Union
78% of the people indicted for a felony are unable
to afford a lawyer and this is the greatest reason for
the conviction of the innocent—lack of funds. It is
often said, ‘‘In the eyes of the law all men are equal.”
This might be closer to the truth if they have equal
funds and equal representation. In our system of law
the prosecutor represents the State versus counsel for
the defense. Yet in many of our courts if the defend-
ant cannot afford legal representation nothing is done
about it. He just does not have anyone represent
him. Many courts appoint counsel, others have a
public defender paid by the State. So at one and the
same time, the State both prosecutes and “‘defends’”’
the defendant; often an inequitable situation when
the public defender is politically appointed. The stig-
ma of the police state then exists. In the case of the
public defender—the system used more and more in
the larger cities—his work load is usually so great he
can only give a routine and indfferent effort to each
case; not that of the true advocate who knows that
justice depends on his ability, skill and devotion to
lis client's cause. This is not to imply that public
defenders are not dedicated men. Some of them are,
and are well aware of the injustice, limited time and
attention creates in the defense of their charges. Sel-
dom does the indigent defendant have counsel at the
all-important preliminary hearing, when the charge is
presented with the possibilities of a plea to a lesser
charge being more in the interest of justice. True,
sometimes he has an opportunity to retract his plea
later if counsel is provided, but the die has already
been cast. Thus we see how important it is for the
defendant to have legal counsel at every stage of his
indictment. Seldom, if ever, is he visited by the pub-
lic defender before his trial. Little investigation of the
charges or the circumstances involved in the indict-
ment is made, unless you call the brief explanation
made by the defendant—regarding his role in these
charges—an investigation. The defendant's first en-
counter with the bill of information on a felony
charge is usually at the time of plea, when the defend-
ant due to nervousness and apprehension, is in poor
shape to fully understand the information and the
implications. (It is well to remember over 60% of
men facing a felony charge do not have an element-
ary education). Only minutes later he is asked how
he pleads: ‘‘guilty or not guilty?’’ Often the court
reserves the right to accept or reject the plea due to
the court’s doubt of the defendant's comprehension
of the charges. Just as often the court accepts the
plea of a confused defendant whose sole legal knowl-
edge is acquired from fellow inmates while awaiting
trial, and can be just as varied as imagination allows
—and almost never based on the law as is applies to
his circumstances!

For the law to function properly it must be as-
sumed that the prosecution and the defense have
equal resources—the true adversary system. Compare
the assets the prosecutor has in most communities
with those of most penniless defendants. At his dis-
posal the prosecutor has a veritable army of highly-
trained investigators and legmen. In addition, he has
legal assistants who are specialists in every field of
law; laboratory technicians, the full resources of the
police department and numerous clerical specialists
assigned to the various agencies. Furthermore, an
array of the same technicians are at his beck and call
in every level of government: city, county, state and
federal. All these agencies are more than eager to
aid the state in the preparation and prosecution of its
case. It takes a maharaja or a Hoffa to even ap-
proach this challenge of power. A million dollars
couldn't marshal compararable resources ever ready
at the prosecutor’s discretion.

Next consider the state’s sympathetic grand juries,
the indicting bodies. Compare this formidable pha-
lanx of opposition against a destitute defendant with
a public defender who may or not have even a sec-
retary, to say nothing of an investigator. A far cry
from equal abilities and equal resources. Rare indeed
is the grand jury foreman who at the termination of
jury duty doesn’t recommend that laws be tightened
to insure prosecution of the indicted and more liberal
laws to enable the prosection to prepare its cases.
These foremen are guided solely by the influence of
the attendant prosecutor. This is the only viewpoint
to which they have been exposed, and a good reason
why their reports sometimes mirror a righteous indig-
nation with unreasonable and unsound recommenda-
tions. The grand jury receives credit for its delibera-
tions though in reality, it usually faithfully parrots
prosecutor views. The truth is it is he, more than
anyone else, who decides which cases should be pros-
ecuted and which ones dismissed. It is not unusual
for a defendant to have to contend with over-zealous
prosecutors, hostile police, a distorted press, and a
judge who yields to public pressure. The judge who
is a stickler for the observance of the defendant's
rights is so rare as to be newsworthy. His counterpart
who deals out justice on an assembly line basis is of
interest to none but the recipient of his jet-propelled
legalistic dexterity. It must seem particularly disturb-
ing to those aware of the uncontrolled powers of the
courts to see, during open trial, a solicitous prosecutor
whispering advice, instructions, of God knows what
in the judge’s ear. The most naive observer will then
be forced to reappraise his faith in true justice and
look with compassion at the defendant. This is com-
mon procedure in courts where the judge is new and
inexperienced—and in some courts judges appear
unable to conduct a trial without aid and guidance
from the prosecutors, no matter how long they have
been on the bench! Is it any wonder public defenders
have been accused of pleading too many clients
guilty ?

The question of appeal—from the failures of due
process, with it’s prohibitive expense for transcripts
(which in many courts the defendant must procure),
a brief writer, and a lawyer with appellate experience
—is a noble, abstract dream when one is without
funds!

Recently there appeared in the newspapers the
account of a man in Loisville, Kentucky, who after
numerous arrests for vagrancy, was again hauled into
court on this charge. Again he was found guilty.
Through the efforts of an unusually dedicated lawyer
who appealed his case all the way to the United States
Supreme Court, the conviction was reversed. In doing
so the court severely reprimanded both the law en-
forcement and the prosecuting bodies of the city.
Nevertheless this year thousands of men will be in the
exact same predicament, only they will be less fortu-
nate than the above-mentioned defendant. Their
guilty verdicts will stand. Their unjust penalties will
be paid. No lawyer will be there to see that due
process is obtained, that the dignity of the individual
is respected. So this practice will go on, and on . . .
The law will have failed with persistent regularity,
despite the concern displayed by our highest court.
These are not isolated cases we speak of here. They
happen as standard procedures every day in courts
throughout the land! They are happening even as you
read this!

What is the attitude of the legal profession as a
whole, regarding this breakdown of procedure? To
begin with, the legal profession itself looks down on
the practice of criminal law as one would look down
ona poor in-law. Are the top law students of our law
schools ever encouraged to go into criminal practice?
Very seldom. The law corporations vie with each
other for the services of the exceptional graduates,
and it is a matter of prestige and a signal honor to be
considered by these corporate giants. Careers in
criminal law are generally sought as a necessity; sel-
dom, if ever, by choice. The giant legal cartels from
time to time volunteer their services for the defenses
of the poor, as do some eminent lawyers and legisla-
tors; usually when precedent is involved with accom-
panying publicity and prestige. Every day gross
miscarriages of justice occur in every level of criminal
law, due to faulty procedure. Yet, we hear no hue or
cry of protest from the celebrated advocates. But let
an ambiguity of procedure or due process enter into
a corporate legal matter and presto, in no time at all
millions of dollars’ worth of legal talent appears.
Criminal law, without a doubt, is the black sheep of
the legal family! Humanity once again is upstaged
by big business.

The intent of a profession, as we understand it, is
to serve the public, and the lawyer, being a profes-
sional man, is not engaged in the practice of law
purely from the monetary aspect. Therefore, the truly
professional lawyer has the concern of the com-
munity, the maintenance of law and order and the
administration of justice as his foremost concern.
Profit is of secondary importance. The public con-
fidence is strengthened and the lawyer becomes the
public ally, its friend and protector. Integrity is estab-
lished and the leadership and responsibility of the
lawyer becomes a reality.

If this assumption is correct, what, one may un-
kindly inquire, is the reason why so many people
people entering a lawyer's office immediately begin
to figure out ways to protect themselves from, of all
people, the lawyer? Because they feel that they are
one great big lollypop for the lawyer’s sweet tooth?
Let our advocates answer that one! Better yet, let
them poll the public and see if they harbor this feel-
ing. What the Bar Associations do not answer very
successfully is the charge that they are commercial-
izers who manipulate the people of the U.S. like so
many puppets, trying to intensify their fast-slipping,
lily-white image as dedicated humanitarians. More
political power and prestige is sought by legal op-
portunists, for the cold cash involved in the tune of
“God Bless America,” than legal apologists care to
think about. Their professional image is the fault of
the lawyers themselves, many of whom haven't been
inside a criminal court since they went as student
observers. If law is a trade let’s call it one. There are
plenty of respectable trades. There is nothing shame-
ful in being called a tradesman. Is there? Further-
more, the only thing some lawyers sell is their person-
ality, not legal ability. By inundating their clients in a
flood of charm and compliments they take for
granted the legal ignorance prevalent in the layman
and use this ignorance to intensify their image as the
sly, clever, tricky servant of humanity they endeavor
to convey of themselves. If the practice of law is to
be treated as just another commercial venture then
let the lawyer say so. He should not be allowed to
have his cake and also eat it, as all too many of them
do. The lawyer seems to expect respect from the
community because of his profession. We submit it
would be forthcoming automatically if he would but
devote a portion of his time and knowledge to the
betterment of his community by applying his experi-
ence to the protection of the people who are forced to
fight long, lonely battles in forma pauperis against
impossible odds.

The typical answer of the legal profession to these
charges are, “We have many agencies such as the
Legal Aid Society and the American Civil Liberties
Union to see that these abuses do not occur." True,
but the job is far greater than these organizations can
hope to handle properly. They barely scratch the
surface. There is hardly a court in the land where
procedure doesn’t vary from defendant to defendant,
at the expense of true justice, the justice we have so
proudly set forth on paper! To correct this is the re-
sponsibility of every citizen, and of the legal profes-
sion in particular! The attitude of the legal profession
is that it recognized these unjust possibilities and,
through the efforts of the societies sponsored by it,
eventually hopes to rectify these problems—but the
wheels of justice grind slowly, so be patient. This is
hard for those directly affected by unjust practice to
digest, and a black eye to the legal profession.

It is unthinkable to imagine a doctor having a
man’s life in his hands without the benefit of prior
instruction from experienced physicians under actual
conditions who gave freely of their time to prepare
the newly graduated doctor for the practice of his
profession after he has left school. The young doctor
is constantly under watchful supervision until he has
proved by experience in the community that he is
capable of pursuing his work on his own. But quite
often a young lawyer fresh out of law school, with no
actual courtroom experience, pleads a case where a
considerable portion of a man’s life is at stake (prison
has sometimes been compared to a living death and it
matters not to the individual whose hands he is in, his
life, or free life, is still in jeopardy). Life is cheap in
business of law as it is practiced today, contrary to all
the high-sounding platitudes.

The legal profession has no over-all program
whereby experienced lawyers impart the benefit of
their knowledge to young lawyers just beginnng to
practice criminal law. There should be such a pro-—
gram in every state in the nation. The man in Calif-
ornia is just as interested in justice as the man in
Florida. At the very least, law students should be
required to spend some time in a semi-official capac-
ity such as observers in the court, attending actual
trials, hearings, arraignments, sentencings. His re-
sponsibilities to his clients are too crucial to expect
him to be an equal adversary to the prosecution,
without more actual experience under courtroom con-
ditions with seasoned counsel to aid him.

It is possible in some professions to apply the
teachings of the book directly to the task, but due to
the uniqueness of each felony case, this cannot be
done in law, and the novice lawyer should not be
expected to do it. Law schools and lawyers say much
more about how law should work than about how it
actually works. The greatest way in the world to im-
press the importance of equitable law is, in some way,
to show and make the lawyer feel what it really means
to lose his freedom. No amount of study can convey
this horror. It is significant that it takes the lawyer
many, many years to feel and know the humility jus-
tice strives to practice, all too often with sad results.

Believe it or not, most lawyers are proud of the
cultured, the esteemed image that snail paced reform
measures take; they point with pride to antiquated,
obsolete and medieval practices still on the books.
And while claiming sole possession of the Holy
Grail they will resort to incredulous ingenuity to sup-
press the truth if the truth is injurious to their cause.
They even write books describing any opposition wit-
ness automatically as one whose veracity must at all
cost be destroyed whether he speaks the truth or
not. One recent gem of ethics has a section titled,
“How to Humiliate and Subdue a Recalcitrant Wit-
ness. A very noble and divinely inspiring work to
say the least. (Text by Lewis W. Lake. )

Recognition of legal failures is in itself not enough.
A concentrated program is needed with periodic
evaluation of the progress made. Or as in the case of
most creditable resolutions this program will just fade
away as with Old Soldiers. Every day the Federal
Government becomes more and more involved in the
enforcement of State Legislation. Every day the Fed-
eral Government enters more and more into the
State’s regulatory procedure and creates federal stat-
utes to legalize this encroachment into what was once
purely state matters. In the past ten years there has
been a very noticeable increase in the activity of the
government criminal investigative and enforcement
agencies in areas which are, or were, strictly the sov-
ereign affairs of each state. Government in a big way
increases the need for close attention to the due pro-
cess clause, for here the defendant is confronted with
the giant of all adversaries. No one can hope to ap-
proach this opponent on equal footing. The only hope
lies in the practice by the government of meticulous
attention to due process. Contrary to government
press releases this is not always the case. The mere
fact that certain agencies proudly proclaim that 98 %
of government indictments are followed by convic-
tions should cause a lifted eyebrow here or there. The
mere threat of a federal indictment in many cases has
caused capitulation to federal charges, in view of the
relentless might and everlasting memory of “‘Big
Daddy.” No one likes to lose. Not even the Govern-
ment and this must be considered by those con-
fronted by a federal indictment.

Due to the indifference of many lawyers and pol-
iticians the public concept of the legal profession is at
an all-time low. The noble image of liberty and the
respected image of law have become cynical farces in
the eyes of many, and with good reason.

The days of Darrow, Bill Fallon, Earl Rogers,
Liebowitz, Chippy Patterson, Jake Ehrlich and other
colorful legal luminaties which the public admired
and respected because of their dedication to the little
fellow, seems to have passed. The practice of crimi-
nal law has become dry and mechanical, almost with
an impersonal attitude, instead of the vibrant living
and morally satisfying thing it once was.

Finally, and this criticism extends beyond the legal
profession and the apathy many lawyers display to
what we think is the crux of the whole matter; there
is the indifference prevalent in society-at-large. To
these vital responsibilities are owed, to a large extent,
the cause for the general breakdown in morals.

We know, or should know, that we get from a
democracy only that which we zealously cherish and
guard. If we are lax regarding the obligations of
democratic demands, democracy in turn will deny us
its fruits. These words may sound stilted and nobly
abstract, something far from home. Nothing could
be further from the truth. In a democracy, the effect
of indifference is immediate, universal and cata-
strophic.

Possibly we are overly trustful of the wonders of
our democracy and value it too emotionally. If we
are, there is a considerable element of danger in as-
suming it will guide itself, but there is even greater
danger when lawyers allow the intent of law to be-
come, and remain, remiss.

The solution to these problems we leave to qual-
ified experts, but we cannot help wondering if more
conscientious concern by the public, and especially
the lawyers, whatever their field of law may be, in
the administration of criminal justice, and the protec-
tion of dignty of the individual, might in itself be
the answer. The need for new laws is far less impor-
tant than the need for application of proper pro-
cedure in the present ones. It is well for all of us to
remember that true justice treads firmly but fairly.
When it errs it crushes—and any of us may be under-
foot—even you!
