---
id: "934"
title: "The Player"
author: "Paley, Donald"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "13"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0015.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE PLAYER
by Donald Paley

Marty Dee was a Beatnik. Ten years ago he would
have been a common bum. But now, 1963, his posi-
tion among the ranks of the unemployed was con-
sidered by many to be an act of defiance against an
established social norm. His contempt for the things
that were accepted as being standard procedure by
the majority of other people, made him a “‘renegade”’
and ‘‘arebel.’’ He loved his role dearly. His obvious
reluctance to conform even slightly to the society sur-
rounding him, also affected his mode of dress (which
in addition to helping him perpetuate his image as the
angry young man, also served another very practical
purpose—he couldn’t afford a suit).

He made the scene, "The Last Resort Coffee
House’’—which was a block from his room—in what
was becoming the traditional garb, almost the uni-
form of ‘‘the restless ones" of his day; low-cut olive
drab sneakers, black stretch socks, tight black chinos,
black turtleneck sweater; and, of course, the inevit-
able symbol, the necessary sign of being at variance
with all things conventional—the unruly, unkempt,
monk-like hair cut. He was in. Not only didn’t he
have to work for a living, but he was part of a group
where unemployment was accepted, even expected,
and he wasn’t LAZY, he was rebellious.

Marty walked out of the coffee shop into the two
A.M. night. He was alone, as he wanted to be, and
not in any humor that could be considered a good
one. He walked. There wasn’t any place to go; there-
fore, no reason to hurry. He slowly, automatically,
walked towards the part of his neighborhood that
was most pleasant to him—the park. The park at
this time of night would be almost empty, and most
important, it would be quiet. He needed solitude this
night. He had to think.

Inside the mind of Marty Dee. The impressions,
ideas and opinions of a professional work dodger and
practicing bohemian —age 26:

". . . wonder if I should look for a job . . . any
kind of a job... well not any kind ... can’t stand
a noisy place like a factory or warehouse ... don’t
want labor work anyway ... maybe a saleman’s job
. . . no . . . I can't make believe that good ...I
wouldn't care if anybody bought anything or not . . .
I'd get fired . . . just what can I do . . . never
thought about it very seriously before ... going to
be twenty-seven in three months . . . no kid anymore
. . . can’t be playing my part much longer .. . won't
be a “misunderstood boy" anymore... but that
won't be for awhile yet . . . still can pass for twenty-
two or twenty-three... but what about the time
when I won’t be able to . . . and there aren’t any im-
pressionable young girls to feel sorry for me and go
my rent... or any older women who want to help
"the kid" . . . can’t keep shoplijumg either ... or
playing around with small checks to people that I know
won't prosecute ... maybe one of them will prosecute
someday ... or I might get caught coming out of a
store with a T. V. or some records and go to jail...
I think I would shrivel up and die a slow death in jal
. . . I can’t take orders from people and get wp early
every day of the week and go do anything I don’t want
to do... wouldnt last a week... this is really
quite a problem... I don’t want to work ... I
don’t want to steal . . . and I don’t want to starve . .
there’s got to be a solution ... maybe I could put
my hand on a railroad track and let a train run over
it and collect the insurance money for the rest of my
life ...no... I wouldn’t have the nerve . . maybe
I could see one of the junkies that hang around the
neighborhood and buy some stuff and then do it when
I am loaded ...no...I still wouldn't have the
heart... besides ...I'd be feeling too good to
want to cut off my hand... if I could act or paint
or write ... I could make it on my talent... man
. . . I don’t have anything going for me ... look at
those people walking around smiling and laughing . .
wonder if they mean it . . . I only laugh when I want
to charm someone or when I am high... I haven’t
really laughed... damn... when was the last
time . . . what is wrong with me anyway .. . maybe
I’m some kind of nut... nothing moves me...I
just want to lay around... that’s all... other
guys go crazy for ball games or women or money or
their work ... they seem to dig life... and dig
people ... and dig themselves .. . and I don’t dig
nothing ... well ... chicks are all right ... and
money is nice to have ... makes you feel secure and
kind of confident and a little more independent ...
but I wouldn’t knock myself out over it... or a
woman either... maybe I should knock myself off
... once I get old I’m through anyway .. . there
won't be anyone who will care if some old bum has any-
thing to eat or a place to sleep . . . then what ... oh
man... this is really a hang-up ... well here is
the park and it isn't crowded ... good ... and
there is an empty bench . . . it feels good to sit down
out in the air like this ... maybe I could be a poet
and write about the stars and the trees ...no...I
can’t even write a decent postcard ...a misfit...
that’s what I seem to be in this world . . . just can’t
seem to find my groove . . . guess this is what happens
when you get older ... you start to think like this
... it's no good ... I was better off when I only
thought about what was happening now and only as
far as the next day ... somebody’s coming...
hope tt isn’t anyone I know ... I don’t feel like talk-
ing ... a guy and a girl ... don't know them ...
they look real happy ... maybe that’s what I should
do... get myself a girl... maybe then I would
have more incentive ... more ambition ... maybe
I would even work ... but who would want me the
way I am ... no money ... no real friends ... a
crummy hotel room ... and a lot of wind ... not
much to offer anyone ... no security there ... bah
... might as well go and get some sleep . . . no sense
sitting wondering and worring like this... yeh...
that’s it... a good mghts sleep and I’ll forget all
this silly jazz about the future and working ... why
worry at all... there may not be too many tomor-
rows left for any of us... live for today and let
tomorrow take care of itself . . . as long as I can keep
people believing me and helping me I’ll be okay . . .
and I’ll always be able to do that . . . and speaking
of help ... here comes Carl... he’s always good
for a meal... and he usually has some nice poetry
to quote.’’

“Hey Carl, over here," called Marty.

Carl stopped and looked around. Seeing Marty
coming towards him, he automatically put his hand
inside his pocket to feel for the next to the last time,
his few crumbled bills and hand full of small change.
He sighed deeply and smiled, as Marty came up to
him grinning his best little boy grin.

“Carl baby,” said Marty, “tell me a piece of your
beautiful poetry while we walk through the park.”

“Sure,”’ said Carl, “glad to. How about Shake-
speare?”’

“Fine,” said Marty, “but on second thought, how
about if we talk over a couple of hamburgers——that
is, if you have any money? I'm a little flat right now
but I’m sure hungry.”

“Okay, Marty,’ said Carl, as they walked to the
park’s exit, “We’ll wait until later,’ and added in a
low whisper, “and each man in his time plays many
parts.

‘‘Huh,” said Marty, “what did you say?”’

“Oh nothing much,” said Carl. “I mentioned some
Shakespeare before and just happened to remember
one of the things he said. It just popped into my
head.”

“Yes,’’ said Marty, ‘well, what was it? I mean all
of it?”

"Well," said Carl, “Shakespeare said that “All the
world is a stage and all the men and women are mere-
ly players. They have their exits and their entrances,
and each man in his time plays many parts.

“Say,” said Marty with a laugh, “‘that’s pretty
good.”

“Yes it is," answered Carl. “I was just wondering
how many people fool themselves into thinking that
the role they play most often is themselves; and if
they honestly believe that the people around can't see
through their disguise—and if they expect to succeed
with their act indefinitely.”

Marty turned his head sharply and looked at Carl,
but Carl was walking with his head up looking intent-
ly at the starry sky. Marty looked closely at his face
but could read nothing there. He turned his head
away, his forehead creased into thoughtful lines, won-
dering, ‘‘just what in the hell did he mean by that.”
