---
id: "936"
title: "Profile"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "15"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0017.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PROFILE

by Thomas Williams

It has been the customary procedure throughout time for men to laud the
deeds of themselves and others. This is natural, for each man desires recognition
for his specific achievements. There are also many men who by their errant
ways have been ostracized from society. This banishment for some was deemed
to be temporary because of possible rehabilitative measures in regards to the
particular person. The concept of mans reformation brought about through
years of prison penitence has been widely practiced. This concept in practice
has meant many things to many men. Some have introspectively taken advan-
tage of a possible chance at freedom, by conducting themselves in prison
thoughtfully as an exemplary model of decency and respect. Such is the man
profiled in the person of Robert Parrott.

On July 24, 1947, Robert was sentenced to this institution to begin serving
a life term. This in itself is the epitome of degradation for most men. It can be
termed doubly so in this particular case, irrespective of the long term he knew
he faced. He was handicapped also by the fact of being semi-literate. This
hampered him but did not deter him from constructiveness as | shall point out.
Though hampered with an academic impediment, he still possessed a clear
knowledge of his wrong. This knowledge awakened him early to the fact of
possibly alleviating his wrong in accordance with society's laws, and to himself
by conducting himself in such a manner as to warrant forgiveness one day by
society.

Soon after his incarceration he began the tedious task of teaching himself
to read and write. After a limited time of self-teaching he enrolled in the institu-
tional school program to further what he had already taught himself. He has
for the last two years, once again undertaken the schooling program offered
here and has advanced himself to the High School Level. One of the highlights
of his incarcerated state took place the spring of 1957. In recognition of his
exemplary behavior and conduct throughout his years in prison, he was given
the status of trusty. This meant that he was allowed to go outside the prison
proper to tend the grounds circling the area of the prison. He is still in that
trusteeship capacity. I asked him about this and he answered: “When first given
this opportunity I was sort of scared but I told myself, I have an obligation—not
only to those who have found it necessary to put their trust in me, but also to
myself. I was determined to conduct myself in a manner that I would justify,
not only the faith of the institution personnel, but my family as well.”

Another noteworthy item in speaking of this man is the fact that he has not
had any blemish on his institution record the entire 17 years of his imprison-
ment. This may seem like an idle statement, but when you begin to weigh all
the phases of institution life the average man must pass through in 17 years,
then it becomes clear that an unblemished record is unique.

Although now fifty one years of age and in the zenith of life he is still
optimistic and hopeful that he can spend the remainder of his years decently
and constructively in society. Practically all that remains of his family now is a
brother—and a sister who lives in New York, but still can find the time to travel
the many miles to see her brother. This itself is faith personified when you note
that his crime encompassed the family. Many civilian employees coming into
contact with this man have commented on the polite and dignified way in which
he has presented himself to them over the years. Many are of the opinion that,
"He has truly reached a state of rehabilitation in every sense of the word.”’

Many times, we as individuals, are prone to judge a specific person by the
totality of his living years on earth. That is to say, pointing out special defects
or specific incidents and letting this be a measuring rod for determining a per-
sons future actions. This preconceived analysis is not entirely wrong nor is it
entirely right. Hence, a line of demarcation must be drawn. Exceptions must be
the rule. Many men are aware of this and strive greatly to somehow measure up
to this small but important exceptional group. Such has been the case of Robert
Parrott—the profile of a man who cannot list a hundred exceptional deeds.
Only the fact of recognizing his one wrong, and somehow atoning for it by
mentally and physically uplifting himself to be a true model of decency—to
society, his fellowman, his family and to himself.
