---
id: "938"
title: "Looking at a Red Safeguard"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
LOOKING AT A RED SAFEGUARD
The Right to Know

by Thomas J. Williams

In the last decade there have been many significant
changes throughout America. Many important issues
on the horizon have confronted the United States de-
manding answers. Eighty-five percent of the issues,
the Cuban situation and many others, have been shuf-
fled and reshuffled until they resemble a mass of
jumbled words. Sometimes during this garbled strife
an issue is pushed farther away from our conscious
awareness—reappearing periodically when a particu-
lar person or group see fit to test its lawful validity.
This is often tried through the courts or by seeking
redress of grievances through important personages
within the community, state, or federal government.
Another instance is when an enterprising newspaper
or individual deems it necessary to air its views or his
views in an objective manner. Such has been the case
with the issue, CENSORSHIP, as it is popularly
known.

The word “CENSORSHIP” derives from “CEN-
OR,” meaning an official appointed to examine
books, manuscripts, plays, etc., prior to publication
or performance, to ascertain if there is anything im-
moral or offensive in them; one who censures or
blames; a critic. This definition is accepted world-
wide as definitively correct. However, its social and
lawful plausibility is questionable. It has become, in
the last decade, such an explosive subject that it has
been placed at the forefront with such other hotly
contested subjects as religion, unemployment, etc.
We can no longer ignore its existence nor its influence
over our private lives. It has caused much consterna-
tion and perplexity to our citizens, as evidenced by
the many examples of its philosophy in action.

Censorship, with its multi-ingenious ways of skirt-
ing truth, has been wallowing in its two main themes
popular at the moment. We know them as obscenity
and immorality. In regards to the former (obscenity)
it has been defined as: Impurity in language or action;
indecent; filthy. The definition just stated is short,
terse, and specific in its meaning. Yet, this very def-
inition, as complete as it seems, is the very one which
has today sent members of the Supreme Court in
consultation for months deciding on its lawful juris-
diction over individual choice. What makes it so
dificult to set in order, is the fact that every indi-
vidual has his own definite ideas of impurities in
thought and action. And those ideas are spread over
the entire country amalgamated into a mass of gen-
eral by-laws, which, in effect, could mean anything,
pertain to anything without spelling out specifically,
what, why, and how.

Some of these laws date back many generations,
when, during those puritan-minded times, it was im-
proper for a lady to speak to a gentleman on the
street, first. The Bible was the proper book to read
in the majority of the homes.

As our civilization modernized itself and sought to
rid itself partially of these chains of morality, it be-
came a tug of war between the new mind and the old.
What has made the situation so farcical is that man
finds it hard to eradicate the old, because of the anti-
quated mind still lingering within our masses, in
young bodies. And, this has brought about a conflict
of ideas on what is right and proper. Each individual
leaning on the teaching of his childhood, as the prime
factor influencing his ideas of today. This has befud-
dled the situation even more. Understandably, the
millions of parents sometimes did not, or do not,
have the proper education, freedom of mind, or social
values to give their children the proper moral educa-
tion. The ones that are morally and academically
inclined are handicapped by their sense of guilt re-
garding the natural functions of life.

It has often been said, that: “In order to label any-
thing as obscene, you must first have conscious aware-
ness of what specifically constitutes the particular
obscenity. And if you have a predetermined visual
image, then you have committed the very obscenity
you are condemning.” According to the interpreta-
tions of the Bible, “A man already sinned for con-
ceiving sinful acts in his mind and heart.’’ Of course,
this is only in the religious sense. Yet, how can we
entrust our lives so sacredly to a few individuals play-
ing God, directing us on what we should read, see,
hear, and perform. This is akin to what we attribute
to Communism, and condemn—yet, practice every
day!

Many great minds have said: “Man can only round
out a full education by merging many ideas into one
to form the adequate solution.’ The paradox of all
this is the acceptance of things previously considered
obscene, because it was expedient to do so at the
moment. It has reached the point where a great ma-
jority of people today consider the process of pro-
creation (so necessary to continuance of life) ob-
scene. The condemnation of this naturalness points
up the fact of my censure of the methods of todays
censorship.

I hold that a small degree of censorship is neces-
sary. Let's say, if only to steer the young mind from
a great deal of frivolities and direct their energies
academically so that they may be balanced out to
reward them with an economic and domestic happy
order of life. At the same time, broadening the study
of sociology to include man’s natural God-given func-
tions in life. This is being done on a small scale; but
not enough to rid ourselves within the next decade of
timeworn social laws, dictation regarding choice of
action of persons in marriage, learning, and entertain-
ment.

A leading female author wrote these unoriginal
words in a leading magazine, sometime ago: “Sup-
pression of natural forces merely forces them under-
ground; expression helps them to assume their natural
place in life.”

Dr. Albert Ellis wrote in one of his numerous pub-
lished works the following: “This continual use of
highly unconventional and highly sexed circum-
stances and characters to spice up today’s mass media
has had a curious boomeranging effect. Where orig-
inally this kind of material was deliberately employed
because it was novel and risque, its frequent employ-
ment has made it lose much of its novelty so that to-
day it is commonplace. But what is commonplace
cannot for very long be felt to be too wrong or
unconventional. Ultimately, therefore, the same ma-
terial that is employed because it is not acceptable or
right becomes by its very employment at least tacitly
acceptable.”

Censorship, in this manner, is equally on a par with
other forms of limited freedom. When we endeavor
to limit a man to what we think is necessary for him
to read, then we are literally making him a human
vegetable. This necessitates the thought that these
people, resorting to such methods, are really afraid.
Perhaps afraid of their own inadequacies?

It is within the framework of society that we must
conform to certain rules and regulations necessary to
the order of life and structural well being. The job
he sought to deify is perverted at the expense of the
very persons he is paid to protect. Such is the case of
the censors who deem it necessary in certain positions
to curb the individual’s choice of reading, seeing, and
listening to whatever he thinks is necessary for his
own particular learning or enjoyment. Sometimes
this can be partially rationalized due to lawful obliga-
tions.

This idea, though totally unfounded in principle,
is partially true. People have always used intelligence
as a weapon of survival. This is a natural thing in-
herent in all men. “The will to survive with knowl-
edge as the stimulus.’’ The old proverb, “The wicked
flee when no man pursueth,” appropriately describes
this fearfulness. Some individuals have tried to apply
censorship of words under the guise to “TOO CON-
TROVERSIAL.” This is a term frequently used in
penal institutions to exercise control over the mind by
limiting their ability to know. There is nothing written
that is not controversial or subject to controversy.
The Bible is considered the greatest instrument in
shaping character. Yet, it really isn’t understood even
in our modern-day society. The greatest minds in the
world have debated its controversial content. It has
been an ever increasing struggle between science and
its pragmatic views, and religion and its view of con-
ceptionalism. Thus we are beginning to see in brevity,
refutation against some of the weak, illogical defenses
for the suppression of man and defender of self:
Man, in his struggle to curb certain unlawful acts,
has let the importance of his duty veer his logical
thinking actions, until they have begun to envelop life
in every phase. Even to intrude upon the sanctity of
the home—wman’s haven of shelter for rest, peace and
love.

It is only man himself who can remedy the situa-
tion by practising the very truths and ideals he so
fervently embraces by regarding his neighbors choice,
however different from his own, as personal accept-
ance. It is for man himself to unleash himself from
the puritanical strait-jacket he has strapped himself
into for so long. It is man himself who must recognize
the individuals who seek to subvert for sadistic or
personal satisfaction; and, once recognized, not be
allowed to gain power through the humiliation of mil-
lions. History has recorded too many of these indiv-
viduals to go unnoticed. One such person, Oliver
Cromwell of England, plundered, raped, and killed,
while shouting blasphemous words of devotion to
God's duty. It is world peace and understanding that
men are striving to reach. It is also a social and moral
understanding that men must attain. In order to do
this, man himself must specifically point out that
which is offensive to his new thinking. To accomplish
this he will understandably invoke the wrath of the
many sects, organizations and orders that are profit-
ing materially from human misery and ignorance. If
man is really anxious to solve these problems, then he
must realize there has got to be a re-awakening dedi-
cated to the enrichment of the personal lives of all its
citizens. A diamond was only a piece of rock with a
brilliant hue until man put a value upon it. So it is,
that a new concept is only as valuable as the value
man conceives it to be. The masses are quick to fol-
low a leader in thought. With this knowledge he can,
if truly desired, reach a plane of beauty previously
thought unattainable. He may not recognize its real
worth, but there will be many who will ponder in
retrospect and see the good that came out of a pre-
viously chaotic condition.
