---
id: "94"
title: "From the Warden's Desk"
author: "BANMILLER, William J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0004.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
From the Warden’s Desk:

It is indeed a signal honor to have the privilege of writing this article
at the request of the Editor. I approach this in all humility and in respectful
deference to my late predecessor for whom I had the greatest admiration and
respect.

Reading his last article in the ECHO, I can only repeat some of his observa-
tions. He stressed unity of organization and decried the practice of individuals
arrogating to themselves authority not vested in them. Each department is
headed by a man versed in his work. His authority is clearly defined. Inmate
requests are to be routed accordingly. Any reasonable man can well understand
that I cannot do everything. I have a staff to assist me. Omnipotence and
omniscience are attributes of God, not man.

I shall always adhere to the premise as I have in the past, that any inmate,
no matter the offense, keeps his dignity as a member of the human race. He
does not belong to a special category but is a human being just like any other.

An inmate keeps the position not from personal value, but from the fact
that he is a member of the human race. He keeps that position no matter how
low he may feel inside. A man should strive to better his position, look ahead
and regain that dignity and self-respect every man can attain. Looking back
can serve only one purpose,—to see how far a man lifted himself. Hence,
in his daily conduct it is only natural that acting like a man, a person receives
the same consideration.

The means are available in the present and proposed program. The degree
of advancement is dependent not only upon the individual but upon the group.

Every man who uses the intelligence that God gave him recognizes the
need for order and discipline where any group of men are involved. Rules
are absolutely necessary to preserve such order. The individual then knows
as a certainty what he must do or must not do at certain times. Administration
of such rules must be fair and impartial. The individual and the group benefit
thereby.

As time goes on, as it inexorably does, any policy or change in procedure
affecting all shall be communicated to the men by appropriate means. I have
always felt that a man merely wants to be told honestly and straightforwardly.
The man that cannot conform to those principles could make our program and
progress proceed slowly. Personal interests and selfishness must be subordi-
nated. Television, newspapers, Social services and an increased recreational
and educational program (including night school, which began October 15)
are advancements toward a more normal living to bridge the gap between
confinement and eventual release. Preserve them by your conduct.

William J. Banmiller, Warden
