---
id: "940"
title: "The Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Musician's Corner
by Frederick Adams

The function of the piano is many-sided: harmonic,
rhythmic, melodic, and contrapuntal. Our concern in
this discussion is with the role of the piano as a mem-
ber of the rhythm section, rather than as a melodic
or contrapuntal instrument of the group.

Within this boundary, the piano may be expressed
as the addition of a harmonic dimension to the
rhythmic framework of the bassist and drummer.
This is illustrated in the following diagram:

     RHYTHM SECTION
RHYTHMIC      HARMONIC
DRUMS - BASS - PIANO

In other words, although the piano is a member of the
rhythm section, it is not basically a rhythm instru-
ment, but is primarily concerned with the harmonic
function of the rhythm section. The bass is a member
of both the rhythmic and harmonic functions of the
section.

The pianist will be faced with three different types
of piano parts: (1) The written chordal part of the
“Stock” arrangement; (2) The written melodic or
rhythmic ‘Fill’ part; (3) Chord symbols. Classically
trained pianists with a good reading ability will not
have too much difficulty in playing the first two types
of piano parts. Howevery, many pianists find them-
selves at a complete loss when faced with the chord
symbol part.

The function of the “Chord Symbol” piano part,
is to point out what may be described as “Harmonic
Rhythm,” (i.e., shows the duration of each chord
within a progression).
| Am7 Gm7 | C7 | F

When playing chord charts for “fast tempo’ tunes,
the manner in which the part is played depends large-
ly upon the frequency of the chord changes. If one
chord lasts throughout one or more measures it might
be repeated in a simple rhythmic pattern.
| A7 | D7 | G7
could be played in the one measure pattern: A7 on 1,
A7 on up-beat of 3; D7 on 1, D7 on up-beat of 3;
G7 on 1, etc.; and,
| A7 | D7 | G7
could be played in a two measure pattern: A7 on 1,
A7 on up-beat of 3; A7 on 1, A7 on up-beat of 2; D7
on up-beat of 3; D7 on 1, D7 on up-beat of 2; G7 on
1, etc. These one and two measure patterns can be
memorized and used consistently.

Chords which occur two to a measure (i.e., chords
changing on the first and third beats) may also
be played by a pre-set pattern.
| A7 D7 | G7 C7 | F
could be played with the one bar pattern used above:
A7 on 1, D7 on up-beat of 3; G7 on 1, C7 on up-beat
of 3; F on 1, etc.; or could, for variety, be played as
they fall: A7 on 1, D7 on 3; G7 on 1, C7 on 3; F on
1, etc.; or the two bar pattern could be used: A7 on
1, D7 on up-beat of 3; G7 on 1, C7 on up-beat of 2,
F on 1, etc. Thus, with two simple patterns the pian-
ist has endless combinations that may be used for
variety.

In cases where the chords change faster than two
to the bar, the chords falling on the strong beats (1
and 3) should be played. The others can be ignored.

When notations are indicated on the chord charts,
the pianist plays them as written, if he is able. Such
parts, however, are often very complex and so fast-
moving that it is not possible to play all the notated
changes. Concentration should be made on those
chords that fall on the strong beats, ignoring those
less than one beat. A good principle to follow is that
it is better to play a few well placed clean chords than
to make all the changes sloppily.

Playing the chord chart on ballads, all chords
should be played where they fall and with a non-
percussive sound. A chord lasting for a full measure
may be repeated, but not in rhythms of the same
duration. Two beat chords should not be repeated.
Long chords may sometimes be appeggiated for a
variety of sound.

Voice leading is an extensive subject requiring a
detailed and advanced study, but for the present dis-
cussion, certain chord playing patterns lie within our
scope. The system is comprised of working out one
or two interesting voicings for each type of chord
which is commonly encountered and then memoriz-
ing these voicings on all twelve possible roots.

Following is a chart of a few common chords and
various voicings on “C’’. These voicings are open
position with the root note in the bass (second
space).

MAJOR
Cmaj7   C-G-B-E-B
Cmaj9(13) C-B-E-A-D

MINOR
Cm6(9)   C-G-Eb-A-D
Cm6(maj7)   C-A-Eb-G-B

MINOR 7th
Cm9   C-Bb-Eb-G-D

DOMINANT 7th
C9(13)   C-Bb-E-A-D
C7(#11)  C-E-Bb-D-F#

DIMINISHED
Cdim7(9)   C-A-Eb-F#-D

FLAT 9th
C+5(b9)   C-Bb-E-G#-Db

The use of these or similar voicings devised by the
pianist can develope a clean professional sound.
Often a simple chord in root position can be an effec-
tive contrast to a progression of open position voic-
ings.

As the pianist becomes more advanced and pro-
ficient in his techniques, the more he will be able to
free himself from pattern playing. Rather than mere-
ly a harmonic dimension to the rhythm section, he
now accents and punctuates by means of chordal and
melodic “‘will-ins’; acquires a sensitive “comping”
technic rather than just mechanical and developes a
contrapuntal technic of non-chordal playing, forming
a single line rather than playing the chordal progres-
sion.

At the present time the guitar is almost a forgotten
instrument in the rhythm section. Unfortunately it
has acquired a bad name for itself over the past ten
years because of the monotonous function and twang-
ing effects it has been allotted in the ““Rock N’ Roll’
bands. Within the last few years, through exposure
in the smaller combos, the guitar has begun to come
into its own as a solo instrument. However, at this
time we will deal primarily with rhythm guitar or the
role of the guitar as a rhythm instrument.

In the rhythm section the guitar should be felt
rather than heard. Sluggishness will develop if a
heavy style of playing is used. The stroke used in
sounding the chord should be light enough to blend
with the section. They should not be completely audi-
ble as guitar chords. If played properly, the guitar
will add firmness and “swing’’ to the section.

There must be unity in the rhythm section. Each
member of the section should always remember that
the only thing audible to each individual member in
the band, is the harmonic beat produced by the
rhythm section. If there is disunity in the rhythm sec-
tion there will be a lack of precision in the band,
which in turn, will create problems of entrances and
intonation. Tolerance, understanding, and willing-
ness to cooperate are of the utmost importance if
unity is to be established. There is no room for stub-
borness or temperament. The aim is the production
of a precise “swinging” beat. Usually the drummer
will set the pattern and the guitarist and the rest of
the section will “lock in” with him.

Most of the dance music to be played by the gui-
tarist will be four beats to the measure. This style is
the most common and is known as the “Chicago
Beat." The chords are produced by four downstrokes
with the left hand releasing the tension after each
stroke. When playing ballads, the releasing of ten-
sion by the left hand can be a little slower on the
second and fourth beats which will slightly lengthen
these chords. This creates a modified two-beat feel-
ing. When playing four beats to the measure, all
chords are played with the same length. For a heavy
two-beat feeling, accents should be placed on the
second and fourth beats.

The second most common style to which the gui-
tarist will be exposed, is known as the “New York
Beat." This consists of an imitation of the drummers
hi-hat beat. Both of these styles can be varied and
interchanged according to the guitarist’s imagination
and taste.
