---
id: "941"
title: "The Art Page"
author: "VALENTINO, D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "23"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0025.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Art Page

by
D. Valentino

In The Beginning

The amount of erudition required for the prepara-
tion of an article on Art was but dimly seen when I
first approached the Editor of The Eastern Echo
about starting a permanent Art Page in the magazine.
The suggestion was made with no thought that the
responsibility for writing the page would fall to me.
Given the job, I faced it with grave foreboding. I
found it difficult to begin. Problems of how far to
go and where to stop; how to maintain balance be-
tween essential facts and effectiveness—so over-
whelmed me that I decided to drop the whole matter.
This, “I thought’’ would be in the best interest of all
concerned—me in particular. Wishful thinking!
Along comes your Editor and after much prodding
and pushing (something he is notably adept at), I
was forced to regroup my wits about me and begin
seeking out data, dates, etc., which | have compiled
into this first of many articles which I hope will pro-
vide you with pleasurable reading.

My efforts will be to try and bring to you an over-
all picture of outstanding painters, movements, styles
and techniques from the most ancient times to the
present day. Further, to show art as a critical ingredi-
ent of native custom, growing out of and inseparable
from his life as it was in ancient times. To show art
as a more or less isolated activity, not necessarily
adjunctive to social mores as it appears in present
times. Oriental art will be treated similarly. Within
the limits of my research, biographical sketches will
be included in future articles which the reader should
find very interesting.

Let us begin, say, tens of thousands of years ago in
some remote, unmarked corner of the world. An
event took place that was to change forever the story
of life on earth. An ape-like creature who had learned
to stand erect, crossed the threshold of thought and
thus became a thinking thing. A creature which, in
its crudeness, began to experiment with new and
varied ways of doing instinctual things. A quest
which, in the course of time, led to the taming of fire,
the harnessing of electricity, the atom, gravitation,
the exploration of space and, at last, brought him to
the very exit of his existence. Art is endemic with this
growth and evolution. In the face of threatening
chaos, man has always kept before himself the vision
of beauty. The yearning after something peculiar to
himself. Call it soul or a filigree of his fancy. Perhaps
a search for order. Reaching beyond the merely func-
tional, man has applied himself in varying degrees of
intensity to producing a world of imagination on mil-
lions of swatches of canvas with splashes of mud,
orchre and pigments.

But man, in his desire to progress materially, left
behind for a period of time, the gift of a gifted few. I
say this because | believe we will never again achieve
the glory of art as it was practised by the Artists of
the past. An egotistical, temperamental, perfectionist
who applied his paints with a fury and felicity forever
unequaled. Yes, gone are these types of artists in
whose wake follows the contemporary expressionists,
flooding the market with psuedo abstractions—a
trend which has but just begun.

To return to Art’s origins. Archeologists of the
past have provided us with data which enables us to
form some idea of the development of Art as we
know it today. Long before recorded history, pre-
historic man had given birth to Art. We can be sure
by the evidence found in the caves in the vicinity of
Southern France and Northern Spain, Stone Age Man
had turned his mind to the fashioning of relics and
implements whose design anticipated art.

The Stone Age is divided into three eras: The Old
Stone Age or Paleolithic; the Middle Stone Age or
transitional; and the New Stone Age or Neolithic
which takes us back to about 3000 B.C. Already in
the first of these periods evidence had been found of
man’s efforts to decorate his tools and weapons. At
this early period in human history, believe it or not,
abstracted but very realistic forms of animals have
been found on the walls of caves. This unbeliever,
therefore, is made to believe that our first artist was
a Paleolithic man who by the light of some primitive
stone lamp and using lumps of yellow and red ochre,
ground into powder and made compatible with some
form of grease, set down on the walls of his cave
half-religious, half artistic impulses.

The Middle Stone Age was less rich in representa-
tional art, but the Neolithic or New Stone Age ush-
ered in a new era. The inhabitants of this period are
said to have been of a more settled society rather I
than that of his forefathers, the Nomadic Hunter.
This man of the Neolithic Age became a householder,
a tiller of the soil and he came upon methods of mak-
ing useful objects. It was here that the artist con-
cerned himself no more with the magical practices of
the nomadic hunter who believed this helped to en-
sure success in the hunt.

This man felt that the change of weather by day,
the change of weather in seasons, the reason for his
crops and harvests etc., was directly responsible be-
cause of some higher being—a God or Spirit, so he
attributed these powers to this thought and it was
here that the first steps forward were made to the
many beliefs we sustain today. His was a pagan reli-
gion but a religion nonetheless. In this formative
stage simple decorative practices developed in the
embellishments of pottery and textiles of the period.
These were simple abstracted symbols but admiringly
creative in their perspective. Methods and proce-
dures, ideas and materials, the love and passion to
paint had an explosive burst of wanting that was to
follow for many thousands of years. It is easy to as-
sume that from here Ancient Art in the historical
sense, Egyptian, Sumerian and Oriental art began to
develop. If you give some thought to it, the realism
of the Old Stone Age viewpoint and the abstractions
of the New Stone Age ideal, are something to be
wondered at.

In the next publication of Eastern Echo I will dis-
cuss the Egyptian Utilitarian form of art, an art form
which endured for thirty centuries.
