---
id: "944"
title: "Football"
author: "Brumskill, Teasey"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0028.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
FOOTBALL

by Teasey Brumskill

The 1963 Football Season came to
an end with the Red Devils squaring off
with the Packers for the Championship.
The Packers took the field confident of
victory; the Devils were determined to
win. The most notable thing about the
first half was the starting kickoff. The
ball was kicked to Nick who took it on
the run crossing the field, handing it off
to Wally who reversed his field picking
up blockers and went fifty (50) yards
before being pulled down from behind.
It seemed now that the Devils would
surely score early in the first quarter,
but the Packers’ defense was too much
with the front wall consisting of Hosea,
Pencil Willie, Cisco, Gazaille and Kings-
ley. The Packers then took over the ball
with Zietz calling the plays from quar-
terback, Richie at halfback and Sukey
as his running mate at the other half-
back slot and Stanley Moroz running
from fullback. For this game the Pack-
ers had their best fullback playing of-
fensive guard because of an untimely
injury to their starting lineman. It was
also notable in this game that Lujack
was starting at center. Besides the fine
runback of the opening kickoff the
first half was a defensive game with
the ball being constantly exchanged be-
tween the two teams.

In the third quarter Lujack moved
from center into the quarterback slot
and it seemed that the Packer's were
on the move, but the fine defensive play
by the Devils held them to a limited
number of yards. The Devils forward
wall consisted of Tampa Red, at tackle;
Jim Fisher, at guard; Huginnie, at cen-
ter; Joe Staley, at guard; Nathaniel
Easley, at tackle; Terry Ross and Joey
Gardener at the end positions. Late in
the fourth quarter Massey took to the
air hitting Terry Ross inside the
Packers’ ten yard line but a penalty
called the play back to the Devils
twenty-five yard line. It was noticeable
that Nathaniel Easley was playing his
best game at his tackle post permitting
the Devils to pick up needed yardage to
assure them a first down. Massey took
to the air, this time hitting Terry Ross
inside the Packers’ ten yard line where
the ball was spotted on the six or seven
yard line. Massey then crossed up the
defense by calling a running play which
picked up another four yards, then hit
Terry Ross in the end zone for the
touchdown. The extra point was scored
by Teasey on a slant from right half
through the left half slot, which made
the score read Devils 7 and the Packers
0 with the clock running out fast.

Lujack again started his team mov-
ing like the quarterback he is noted for
being with a strong determination to
either tie or win the game. He then
hit S. Cantoral with a short pass which
gave his team first down on the Devils
30 yard line, he again faded and passed
to Richie who caught the pass on the
Devils 4 yard line. He then called a
quarterback sneak but was stopped
dead in his tracks with time running
out he again called the same play,
thinking to catch the Devils defense off
guard but again he was stopped in his
tracks and the final whistle blew, end-
ing the game with the Devils champions
for 1963.

A tribute must be given to Lujack
and his Packers for even in defeat they
played a strong defensive game and
tried ever so hard on offense, but it just
seemed that this wasn’t their day.

The team rosters for this game were
as follows:

DEVILS:

Massey        QB          Melvin
Wally         HB     Bill Holmes
Teasey        HB     Gil Collins
Nick          FB      Herb Allen
Tampa         T
Easley        T
Huginnie      C
Fisher        G        Reds Gray
Joe Staley    G
Terry Ross    E       Al Shepard
                     Neil McCray
Joey Gardner  E   Bernard Harris
Leonard Massey, Manager

PACKERS:

Pinky        G         Brady
Lujack       C          Rice
Hank         T      Gazaille
Pencil W.    T    Larry Hall
Stanley      FB        Pinky
S. Cantoral  HB      Quigley
Richie       HB
Zietz        QB       Lujack
Hosea        G           Gus
H. Walker    E
Negri        E
John Lujack, Manager
