---
id: "945"
title: "Oldtimers vs Youngsters"
author: "Cantoral, Billy"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0029.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
OLDTIMERS vs YOUNGSTERS

by Billy Cantoral

The Annual Oldtimers vs. Young-
sters Football Game was played on Sat-
urday, November 30th, 1963, under
adverse weather conditions. The game
was dominated by fine defensive play
by both teams with the Oldtimes punc-
turing the Youngsters defense for the
one score of the game. Right end Harry
Walker caught a thirty-five yard pass
from Oldtimer Quarterback Harry
Zietz to set up the touchdown. After
this brilliantly executed pass-play. Zietz
ran the option-keeper around right end
for nine yard to the three, and left
halfback Socrates Cantoral squirmed
under the Youngsters fortress-like front
wall for the six pointer on a fourth
down situation. The conversion failed,
and the Oldtimers settled down to some
outstanding defensive and ball-control
football. Inclement weather halted the
contest with the Oldtimers driving nice-
ly and nearing paydirt again. Final
score: Oldtimer 6  Youngsters 0

An interesting note in this game saw
genial John Giardino come out of re-
tirement to participate in this game,
with Cowboy Wiand also putting his
toe to the ball for the Oldtimers. There
remains one question to be solved, that
question being: How can youth defeat
the combination of “age", experience
and “determination”?

Now with the hopes shattered and
failure of a dream to come true in this
1963 classic, the Youngsters must once
again look forward to the old prover-
bial saying. “We'll get you next year".
So look ahead to 1964, Youngsters be-
cause the Oldtimers will then be just
ONE year older.

ROSTERS

OLDTIMERS

Offensive                Defensive
RE Harry Walker          Pencil Willie
RT Pencil Willie
RG Hosea                  J. Alexander
C John Lujack                  Big Lou
LG John Giardino           H. Cromwell
LT H. Cromwell
LE Spike                         Horse
QB Harry Zietz           Pigmeat (CLB)
RH Billy Holmes            Zietz (RLB)
LH S. Cantoral            Cowboy (LLB)
FB Cowboy                  Walker (RH)
FB Big Mack              Cantoral (LH)
                            Lujack (S)


YOUNGSTERS
  Offensive         Defensive
RE Brooks                Scoleri
   Scoleri
RT Gazaille       Kingsley (LLB)
RG Big Six             Reds Gray
   Gray
C Huginnie        Huginnie (RLB)
LG Cisco                   Brady
   Brady
LT Easley                 Easley
   Staley
LE Gardner
   Ross                     Ross
QB Massey           Teazey (CLB)
   Rice
RH Stanley
   Jobey
LH Negri              Negri (LH)
   Wallace
FB Teazey            Massey (RH)
   Nick                 Nick (S)

Packers 55       Blue Giants 0

“All I have ever seen teaches me to
trust the Creator for all I have not
seen", wrote Ralph W. Emerson. If
Waldo had been watching this contest,
(farce is a more suitable word), here
at Eastern on November 9th, 1963, he
would have repeated himself.

Regardless of the shortcomings that
were conspicious among the Giants,
Packer Quarterback, Harry Zietz must
have a good mental impression of the
Giants to so methodically overwhelm
them. Early in the first period he threw
to his tight-end, Eddie Scoleri (Ed.
Note: who made a spectacular second
effort catch) for the first touchdown.
Then with calm, deliberate generalship
he directed his team up and down the
field on scoring drives. Rookie fullback-
halfback Stanley Morez sparkled on of-
fense, scoring four touchdowns, while
old reliable fullback David (Pinkie)
Andrews scored twice and nailed a
Giant back for a safety. “‘Richie’’ Rich-
ardson, voted the Packers Most Valu-
able Offensive Back for 1963, did not
score any six-pointers but contributed
with his usual long-gainers on every
drive. “Rocky” Negri, a newcomer (al-
though certainly not a rookie), took to
the left end position quite naturally,
and was outstanding on defense. Bill
Quigley and Kingsley, defensive spe-
cialists, also did a commendable job.

This was the game that ultimately
destroyed any hope for the Giant team
to function as a unit. Thus a fine day
for Lujack’s Packers, while the Giants
strove to blanket away a miserable
memory. A salute to Eddie Brooks and
the other Giants who fought with all
their hearts to the bitter end.

BACKERS        7  21  7   20—55
BLUE GIANTS    0  0   0    0— 0

Packers - Scoleri 26 yd. pass from
Zietz; pat, Richie Run.

Packers - Zietz 7 yd. run.

Packers - Pinky 4 yd. run.

Packers - Pinky, safety

Packers - Stanley, 14 yd. run; pat,
Stanley run.

Packers - Stanley, 4 yd. run; pat, Pinky
run.

Packers - Pinky, 7 yd. run.

Packers - Stanley, 3 yd. plunge, pat,
Richie run.
