---
id: "95"
title: "Cage One"
author: "Heinemann, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "3"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0005.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CAGE ONE

an editorial

Amid cries against the Board of Pardons that “it demoralizes the adminis-
tration of the criminal laws by the courts” and “substitutes its judgement for that of
the jury”, Judge Joseph L. Kun in his statement to the Philadelphia Inquirer sounded
the clear, unimpassicned note of appraisal for which we have all been waiting:

“The board is not overruling the judicial processes.

“ . . . Even though we may not agree with it . . . the legal procedure is for
the Pardon Board to do what it sees fit. Commutation is a good thing because in the
deterniination by the court they must adhere to the strict rule of the law and certain
human factors not considered legal points may alter the decisions legally.”

It matters not the particular cases referred to — which happened to be com-
mutations from the death penalty to life imprisonment. The question at hand is
rather that of the right of the duly constituted Board of Pardons to commute sen-
tences imposed by the courts. Which is to say, to show mercy. Upon sufficient
human cause, to save a man from electrocution. Or to grant relief to men labor-
ing under impossible sentences who have served sufficient time, and often time in
excess of all human reason, and who are deserving of that mercy.

Does mercy mock the judicial processes? Rather, judicial processes without
allowing the defendant recourse to mercy mock the creature who is man. Wherever
courts and boards and official ears have been closed to human pleading, inhuman
standards have prevailed and sub-human people have been made.

Necessity can produce its isolated cases where human mercy must be withheld,
but mankind fought too hard for too long to secure man’s humanity to man — too
long to tolerate any policy of withholding justified mercy out of deference to the
courts, the jury or the very law itself.

Until the courts consistently hand down sentences which a man can do with-
out paying with his life in terms of irreparable harm to body, mind and personality;
until the legal punishment, in this sense, no longer exceeds the crime ........
until such time .....

Sincerely yours,

Robert D. Heinemann

Editor
