---
id: "952"
title: "Academic Degrees Awarded At School Dedication"
author: "Unknown"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "30"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0032.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
ACADEMIC DEGREES AWARDED AT SCHOOL DEDICATION

In today’s world of complex learning it has become
both imperative and necessary for every citizen of the
United States to acquire (at least) a high school ed-
ucation. It is being emphasized by no less than our
state and federal governments. They are concerned
for the simple reason that, a government can only
function as well as the governing powers. It is indeed
a fact that in the past, too many men and women
have walked out of the many prisons without ade-
quate knowledge to sustain their financial conditions
by better job opportunities. This has been a sore spot
with many penologists. This institution undertook the
task of alleviating this condition by building a new
school addition, to better facilitate the flow of men
desiring to learn.

On February 3, 1964, the new building was for-
mally dedicated with many important individuals be-
ing present to lend their appearance and good wishes
to the success of this constructive endeavor. Also,
highlighted during the festivities were the awarding
of diplomas to the men who had acquired their aca-
demic standings within the old building and under
past conditions. They were lauded for their desire to
learn in spite of past inadequate facilities.

Among those present at the dedication were Mr.
Arthur T. Prasse—Commissioner, Bureau of Correc-
tion; Dr. Kenneth E. Taylor—Deputy Commissioner,
Bureau of Correction; Dr. Harry A. Snyder—Educa-
tion Program Specialist, Bureau of Correction; Dr.
Benjamin W. Barkas—Asst. Director of School Ex-
tensions, Philadelphia Board of Education; Mr. Wil-
liam E.. Brunton—Director, Vocational and Industrial
Arts, Board of Education, City of Philadelphia; Mr.
Randolph E. Wise—Commissioner of Public Wel-
fare; Mr. Bowman and Mr. Jordan of the General
State Authority. Also present were Messrs. Harry
Gransback, Larry Rees, Isadore Kurman, Lawrence
F. Kaul and Michael Montemuro—Instructors here at
the State Correctional Institution, and Mr. James
Magee—Reporter for the Philadelphia Evening Bul-
letin.

Officials in attendance from the State Correctional
Institution at Philadelphia were: Mr. Alfred T. Run-
dle—Superintendent; Mr. Joseph R. Brierley—Dep-
uty Superintendent; Mr. Thomas H. Graham—Direc-
tor of Treatment; Mr. William Berg—Social Service
director; Mr. Robert Burman—Director of Educa-
tion; Father John McHugh—Catholic Chaplain; Re-
verend Sidney Barnes—Protestant Chaplain.

High School Diplomas were awarded to: William
A. Archey, Edward R. Bradley, Fred C. Chester,
Joseph M. Jowett, John O’Lock, James L. Mason,
Harry Riccobene, Russell J. Daron, Henry Rutledge,
John J. Walker, Albert H. Walls, Clarence A. Wil-
liams, Ronald J. Werner, Andrew Lee White, Frank
G. Matyasevic and Richard J. Williams.

Academic awards were also presented to Michael
Augustine, Joseph Lehman, Cornelius McCray, Ed-
ward T. Miller, and Moses Taylor.

Pre-High School Diplomas were earned by: Jacob
Manns, Luther Jones, John Price, Bennis Shepard,
Frank Smith, Joseph Sorel, Joseph Berry, and Samuel
Brown. Invocation given by The Reverned Father
ost and Benediction Intoned by Reverened
Barnes.

Mr. Graham introduced the guests and directed the
speakers in turn at the lectern. Brief talks were given
by: Dr. Snyder, Dr. Barkas, Mr. Brunton, Mr. Wise,
ene of course Mr. Rundle and Mr. Prasse in that
order.

The speakers displayed a harmony of thought on
education being a must in relation to our advance-
ment—in and out of prison. Mr. Rundle gave the
recipients of the diplomas acknowledgement for their
studious efforts.

It was more than an award receiving benefit. The
subtle meaning lie in the fact that, men if given the
chance can and will avail themselves of the oppor-
tunity to advance educationally. And in doing so al-
ter—not only their academic thinking but sociol-
ogically as well.
