---
id: "954"
title: "Chess News"
author: "Pearson, Martin J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0033.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
Chess
News

by Martin J. Pearson

Nine rounds have been completed in
the 6th Annual ESP Chess Club Cham-
pionship Tournament. Joseph Antonie-
wicz and Martin Pearson share 1st
place with 8-1 scores with three rounds
to go.

Upsets have reigned supreme in this
tournament. Thomas Williams, last
year's Champion has been beated three
times (Martin Lees, John Zerah and
Charles White); Floyd Jackson, anoth-
er top notch player has also tasted de-
feat in three games (Bernard Harris,
Matthew Smith and Leon Gardner).
Joseph Antoniewicz turned a_ losing
game into a win when Martin Pearson
failed to make the moves necessary to
secure the win.

The biggest surprise has been the
play of Leon Gardner, a C Major play-
er. Leon goes into the 10th round with
a 7-2 record, which is remarkable be-
cause every week he has been matched
against expert, A and B Class players.
Regardless of whatever final standing
he achieves at the completion of the
tournament he is to be congratulated
for his great play.

Other players have also shown great
improvement in their play in past
tournaments, notably: Neville Bridget
(D Class), William Barnes (D Class),
James Ryder (D Class), John Lees
(C Minor), Arthur Bruno (C Minor),
Clarence Washington (C Minor), John
Anderson (C Major), John Zerah
(C Major) and Matthew Smith
(C Major).

INDUSTRIAL LEAGUE

The ESP Chess Club, piling up five
straight victories, lead the Industrial
League at the halfway mark. Making a
strong bid for the Championship of this
league the club has posted decisive
scores over Philadelphia Electric (314-
14 and 4144-4), Chester Pike (3-2),
Blue Cross (4-1) and the Defense In-
dustry Supply Center (314-114).

The baby of the City League Tour-
naments has grown up, sporting such
stars as Chess Master Robert Sobel
(D.1.S.C.), Frank Camaratta (Chester
Pike) and James Kelly Philadelphia
Electric).

The crucial match was with Chester
Pike, unbeaten at the time, on Novem-
ber 24, 1963. Frank Camaratta aptly
named it “‘the match of blunders.’ Both
teams were very tense with emotions at
a fever pitch, for the winner of this
match would be well on the way to the
Championship. The game between
Pearson and Camaratta was marred
with identical blunders three moves
apart and eventually ended in a draw.

The following game demonstrates the
feelings of both teams.

SICILIAN DEFENSE

BOARD #5

   WHITE             BLACK
T. Williams       D. McKenzie
   (ESR)           (Chester)
 1. P-K4           P-QB4 (a)
 2. N-KB3          P-Q3
 3. P-Q4           PxP
 4. NxP            N-KB3
 5. N-QB3          P-KN3(b)
 6. B-QB4          B-N2
 7. P-B3           0-0
 8. B-K3           P-QR3
 9. Q-Q2           P-QN4
10. B-Q5(c)        NxB
1l. NxN            B-N2 (d)
12. B-R6           P-K3
13. B-N5           B-KR3 (e)
14. BxB            PxN
15. 0-0-0(f)       R-K1
16. Q-B3(g)        Q-B3
17. Q-B7           R-R2
18. PxP(i)         BxP
19. QxR            P-N4
20. KR-KI          R-QB1(j)
21. N-N3           BxN
22. RPxB           QxB
23. Q-N7           Q-KB1
24. RxP            QxR
25. QxRch          K-N2
26. Q-B3ch         K-N3
27. P-N3           P-B4(k)
28. R-Q1           Q-K3
29. Q-B5           N-Q2 (1)
30. Q-Q6           QxQ
31. RxQch          RESIGNS

(a) The Sicilian Defense is the
most popular opening against P-K4. Its
strong points are the half open Bishop
file, early freedom for the Queen and a
choice of pawn formations. Its greatest
drawback is that White may easily gain
control of the Center and break
through with a winning attack in the
opening or middle game. Usually an
ending will favor Black.

(b) This is the modern version of
the Dragon Variation. In the older
method of the Dragon (2 .. . N-QB3
instead of P-Q3) Black had to contend
with the much feared Richter-Rauzer
Attack. The latest method of getting
to the Dragon with 2 . . . N-KB3 is as
follows: 1. P-K4, P-QB4; 2. N-KB3,
N-QB3; 3. P-Q4, PxP; 4. NxP, P-KN3
(the Accelerated Fianchetto), followed
with B-N2, N-KB3, 0-0, Q-R4 and
N-KN5. This of course permits White
to play the Maroczy Bind which was
once considered to be the refutation of
the Sicilian. Today this no longer holds
true.

(c) B-N3 is the accepted move. At
N3 the Bishop puts pressure of Q5, K6
and B-7. It also helps to prevent P-Q4
which is one of Black’s main goals. The
Q5 square is an important square to
White and he will try to post a Knight
there to assist in an attack on the King
side and on occasion the Queen side as
well. In this particular variation that
White is employing, he usually Castles
Queen side and then institutes an attack
on the King wing by steam-rolling his
pawns. However, in the game under
discussion most of the play occurs in
the Center and the Queen side.

(d) An immediate P-K3, followed
by B-N2 and P-Q4 would have given
Black a good game.

(e) If Black had played P-K3 on
his I 1th move, White could not have
followed through with the manueveur
employed here. e.g. 11 . . . P-K3 in-
stead of B-N2. 12. B-N5, P-B3! and
Black wins a piece. Now P-K3 would
lose to NxKP.

(f) Why didn’t White simply play
BxR?

(g) This is why. White threatens
N-K6 followed by Q-N7 mate.

(h) Q-K2 would be better and in
all probability would have held the
postion.

(i) With Q-N6 White must win a
piece regardless of how Black con-
tinues.

j) If 20 . . . RxRch; 2. RxR, QxB;
22. QxNch and White would be a piece 
to the good. Black must move the Rook
as White threatened RxR mate.

(k) Black must be very careful
now. With his last move he has danger-
ously exposed his King and with both
the King and Queen on the same rank
he must beware of a pin or a double
attack.

(l) Tantamount to resigning. At
this stage it doesn’t matter as his posi-
tion is lost.

RESERVE SECTION

After suffering severe setbacks by
Marple-Newtown (1 1/2 - 3 1/2) and Post
#396 (1-4) the Reserve Team bounced
back with identical 314-114 score over
Bridesburg and Castle. With seven
matches remaining the team still has
the opportunity to finish high in the
standings. First place is definitely out
of their reach, but it would not be too
optimistic to expect either a third or
fourth place finish.

CHAMPIONSHIP SECTION

The Championship team has shown
marked improvement over the play of
the previous season. This section has
some of the strongest players ever to
compete in the tournament. Franklin-
Mercantile, with two Masters, Post
#396, with the Philadelphia Individual
Champion, are the odds on favorites for
1st and 2nd place.

Halfway through the tournament our
team has a victory over the Pawn Club
(4-1), a draw with the University of
Pennsylvania (214-214) and losses to
Greater Northeast (1-4) and Franklin-
Mercantile (1-4). The four remaining
matches are with very tough clubs,
Germantown, Post #396 (last year’s
Champions), Philadelphia Rifle Club
and the Ukrainians.
