---
id: "955"
title: "The Law and the Gospel"
author: "Williams, Rev. Nathaniel"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Law and The Gospel

Rey. Nathaniel Williams
Protestant Chaplain

The law and the gospel do not go in
company. They are by nature as far
apart as life and death. The one is the
ministery of death, and the other of
life. The law is the whip-lash of judge-
ment. The gospel is the silver bell ring-
ing anthems of love. The law brings a
work to do, the gospel brings a word to
believe.

The law is the reflex of one side of
God’s nature; it reflexes God as Judge
sitting in His chamber waiting until
man goes wrong, then man has to con-
front Him for sentencing.

The gospel is the good news that the
law has been honored, the claims met
and God satisfied: the good news that
Jesus honored the law in life, met the
penalty in death, and at God’s right
hand, a risen man, witness of God’s
eternal satisfaction. The gospel brings
the good news that there is foregiveness
with God, and that life eternal is his
gift. It brings a new life, in which and
by which, we may live above the law,
so binding us to the heart of God in
vital union with His Son, that we need
no atom bomb threats to keep us right,
but filling us so full of Christ if we will
ite that we may love one another as
brethren and neighbors in the Lord,
even as we love ourselves, while we
love the God, in Jesus the Christ, with
all the mind and strength.

In the words of the poet Mr. Kipling
in his poem “If’’, sets us a series of
hypotheses and I think it brings us
right down front nearing the task of
living under the law in the gospel. Mr.
Kipling said:

“If you can keep your head when
all about you are losing theirs and
blaming it on you;

If you can trust yourself when all
men doubt you and make allow-
ance for their doubting too;

If you can wait and not be tired
by waiting or being hated, don’t
give way to hating;

Or being lied about, don’t deal in
lies and yet don’t look to good or
talk too wise;

If you can bear to hear the truth
you have spoken’ twisted by
knaves to make a trap for fools;
And watch the things you gave
your life to, broken, and stoop and
build them up with worn out tools;
If you can trust your nerves and
sinews to serve their term long
after your gone;

And hold on when there is noth-
ing except the will which says to
them hold on;

If you can take one heap of all
your winnings and risk it on one
turn of pitch and toss;

If you can fill the unforgotten
minutes with sixty seconds worth
of distance run;

Yours is the earth and everything
that’s in it, and what is more,
you ll be a man, my son.”

The truest way to bring men under
law to God so that His will shall be
rightously obeyed, is to preach the gos-
pel, the good news of God’s love. Then
shall it become true, that “we love Him
because He first loved us.” For the law
was given by Moses, but grace and trust
come by Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen.
