---
id: "956"
title: "Saintly Hoodlums"
author: "McHugh, Fr. John J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Father John J. McHugh
Catholic Chaplain

SAINTLY HOODLUMS

Because of apparent similarities a
prison is sometimes compared to a
monastery. There is a likeness in the
imposing stone structures, the regular
routine, discipline and confinement of
the inhabitants. The big difference,
however, is that the monks have freely
chosen their lot while the courts have
decide the fates of the prisoners.

Consequently, the attitude of monks
and prisoners is at a considerable vari-
ance. A monk radiates joy because he
has found freedom in his free choice
of detachment, whereas, one confined
in a prison against his will has lost free-
dom and is anything but happy.

So it seems rather incongrous to
speak of finding joy in a prison. Never-
theless, there are exceptional individ-
uals who have experienced true happi-
ness for the first time in their lives due
to forced confinement. Looked upon as
religious fanatics by some of the per-
sonnal and taunted by the sly remarks
of fellow inmates they live dedicated
lives in reparation for past offenses.
Inasmuch as the atmosphere of a prison
isn't very conducive to a pious exist-
ence these rare souls are perhaps more
heroic than some religious. Behind
iron bars in the seclusion of a cell
these so called hardened criminals find
peace and contentment in pious con-
templation.

This chaplain must confess that he
views with suspicion any sudden osten-
tation of religious conversions and is
especially wary of those who put on an
act for the benefit of the officials. But
it has been his consolation to see many
who were sincere in their intentions
and have persevered under most try-
ing conditions. Of course, there will
always be the cynics who cannot accept
the fact that some of the worst sinners
became the greatest saints. All they
have to do is recall the scene on Cal-
vary when Dismas, the penitent thief,
was given the assurance of Paradise.
