---
id: "957"
title: "Eastern Inmates Pay Last Respects to J.F.K"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "03 Spring"
day: ""
volume: "9"
issue: "1"
_page: "33"
image: "eastern_echo_spring1964_body0035.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
EASTERN INMATES PAY LAST RESPECTS TO
J.F.K.

Members of the free world were not alone in their
grief over the loss of John Fitzgerald Kennedy. Seldom
has has an outside incident had such a sorrowful impact on
prison society. Felons of all genre voiced a grievious
protest at the untimely death of their beloved President.
It was as if the bereavement was from their own families.
Indeed, many inmates expressed just such a feeling of a
personal loss. It is a living testimonial to the personality
and character of the great President, that he inspired
such a warm bond of kinship with Americans from all
walks of life.

The Memorial Service in honor of the late president
was held in our chapel by the Reverend Nathaniel L.
Williams, Chaplain, on November Z5th, 1963. There, in
the quiet of our chapel, many so-called hardened crim-
inals said their goodbyes to a President who had won their
respect and devotion.

Chaplain Williams delivered a brief but moving mes-
sage commemorating the death of our beloved thirty-
fifth President.

Among the mourners at the service were Mr. Alfred T.
Rundle, Superintendent, and Mr. John D. Shearer, Direc-
tor of EDDC. Both officials and inmates united in the
common grief.

Mr. Shearer expressed his appreciation for the timely
and appropriate memorial service and voiced his wish
for God's blessing on Chaplain Williams and his work
with the men. Mr. Rundle, our Superintendent, expressed
similiar sentiments concerning the service.

On the same day Father McHugh conducted a Requiem
Mass in memory of our departed President. All of those
who attended were deeply moved by the solemnity of the
Mass, and left the Chapel sad but grateful for the many
excellent achievements accomplished by the respected
and beloved John F. Kennedy.
