---
id: "96"
title: "Christmas Day = 1956"
author: "Williams, Jr., John L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Christmas Day - 1956
by JOHN L. WILLIAMS, JR.

Once again we are approaching the celebration
of that beautiful feast of Christmas—the miraculous
Birth of the Child Jesus.

Christmas was intended originally to be a day
of spiritual joy and peace. But joy and peace can
only be realized completely by those who want it to
be realized in their hearts and homes. Everyone of
us have the power to make this Christmas a real
season of joy and happiness, if only we acknowledge,
accept, and welcome the Child of Bethlehem, who,
so many years ago, came down upon this earth so
that men might live.

It is surprising how many people have no be-
lief in the Christ Child, but nevertheless it is true
that there are many. Some of them say, ‘‘Christmas
comes for us, as surely as it does for those whose
belief is deep and sincere.’’ But to them it only
means a display of gaudy gifts, an endless effort to
ply those whose favor is sought with rare and ex-
pensive baubles. They lose the real meaning of
Christmas in a haze of trinkets and various forms
of materialism and worldliness.
The celebration of Christmas can be an occa-
sion of joy, pleasure, and thanksgiving to those of
us in prisons throughout these United States, as
well as to those in free society. But sometimes this
particular celebration can and often does become
sidetracked from its original purpose; namely, to
give glory to God in the Highest, to work and pray
for peace on earth to men of good will. We should
never permit ourselves to become so engrossed in
doing customary things—that we totally forget why
we actually do them. The plainness of Christ’s
birth is overwhelming, and as long as we do not
permit the circumstances of His birth to escape us,
we will have a minimum of difficulty in maintaining
an intrinsic Christmas spirit.

Just remember that Christmas is an individual,
and internal feeling ....a personal thing. If our
dreaming of a white Christmas goes unfulfilled and
if our part of the country is not dressed in white
for the anniversary, it should not really matter. The
only thing that should necessarily matter is that the
splendid wonders of Christmas do come anyhow.
Yes, it is the Christmas Season, but it is also the
birthday of The God of Peace Whose Son this day
was born to us. But even though it is almost
Christmas, there is nothing exclusive about it, re-
gardless of race; creed or color. There is no social
standing required, nor any age limit. The invita-
tion to a joyful and happy Christmas simply means:
come one—come all. The only requirement is:
have sincere faith in doing good will towards your
fellow men.

It really is a wonder why people do not use
more of the marvelous power which kindness so
fully contains. After all, kindness is the greatest
method in moving the hearts of men that the world
has ever known. Maybe you don’t realize it, but
kindness is the kingpin of success in life. It is the
prime factor in overcoming friction and tension of
all types. If you have an enemy, you cannot disarm
him in any other possible way so surely as by doing
him a kind act. It there is someone whom you feel
does not like you, or who bears ill will towards you,
or vice versa, you will find it exceedingly fruitful
if you do an act of kindness towards him. Try it,
especially during this Holy Season, and give every-
one else with whom you come in contact, a great,
sincere smile, for we only have the opportunity to
do so for a little while. Just remember that you
cannot do an act of kindness too soon towards your
fellow men, because you never know how soon it
will be too late to do so.

Christmas, as you know, is a great festival.
It is the time of the year when absent members of
the family hurry home to celebrate together beside
the hearth. But many of us will find it impossible
to be at home this Christmas to share this feast of
love and joy with our family. However, if each
one of us will only THINK kindly towards each
other, SPEAK kindly of each other, and ACT kindly
towards each other, we will all be able to enjoy
and share the spirit of Christmas among ourselves,
regardless of where we may be.

If we THINK kindly towards each other, it is
very good. If we SPEAK kindly of each other, it
is exceptionally better. But, if we demonstrate
ACTS of kindness towards each other, it is the
BESa ot all:

On this Christmas day, let each of us take time
to bow in adoration and present our love to the
King of Peace, and ask Him to grant us the peace
which the world so desperately needs. Yes, to Him
let us all pray, but let us not be constant with
prayers alone, but by working with willing hearts
and hands to obtain the peace for which we pray.
Let each and everyone of us—FREE people and
PRISONERS alike—in all probity give thanks to
God that we in America are able with freedom to
freely enjoy the peace and happiness of this
Christmas Season.

We, the Editors of EASTERN ECHO and its
entire staff—and on behalf of prisoners in penal
institutions throughout America who have no prison
magazine to voice their Christmas wishes—intrinsi-
cally wish to joi you in adoring the Infant Jesus
in the Crib this Christmas day. And join in your
prayers that He will keep the spirit of Christmas
in our hearts until His birthday comes around once
again—next year.
