---
id: "961"
title: "Contents and Departments"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Winter 1964
Vol. 10    No. 2

Editorial Staff

EDITOR
Edward T. Miller

Frederick Adams — Music Editor
Merton Engle — llustrator
Edward Scoleri — Sports Editor
Gerald Haas — Copy Editor
Thomas Williams — Rewrite
Frank Rouse — Staff Writer
Walter Stepper — Photography

PRINTING

Michael Popovich — Layout
B. A. Raszkiewicz — Tech. Consultant
Frederick Adams — Linotype
Felix Capone — Pressman

Administration

Governor
William W. Scranton

Attorney General
Walter E. Alessandroni

Commissioner
Arthur T. Prasse

Deputy Commissioner
Kenneth E. Taylor

Superintendent
A. T. Rundle

Director of Treatment
Thomas H. Graham

General Supervisor
Veto A. lavecchia

Printing Instructor
Alfred French, Jr.

CONTENTS
Choose Your Habits With Care        4
Profile of Socrates R. Cantoral     6
The Bastille Bongo Bouncers         8
Deliverance                        10
Former Judge Aids Eastern Inmate   11
A New Look in Education            12
Introducing                        14
Smoking and Lung Cancer            18
Poetry                             23
Chess Banquet                      31

DEPARTMENTS
Editorial                           2
From the Superintendent's Desk      3
Coup De Pied                       16
Penal Press Exchange               20
The Musician's Corner              21
Inside Information                 24
The Art Page                       25
The Sport Section                  26
Chess News                         29
In the A. A. Corner                31
From Our Chaplains                 32

ABOUT THE COVER: The reproduction of the painting appearing on the cover is a copy
done in oils by Dominic Valentino. The original was done by Mexican artist, "Piti."
Mr. Valentino has completed and sold 63 canvases to date. He works in oils, pastels and
charcoal, and looks forward to enrolling in an art school upon his release.
