---
id: "962"
title: "Editorial"
author: "MILLER, Edward T."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "2"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0004.jpg"
tags: "editorial"
layout: "item"
---
Editorial - - -

Crime has reached such gigantic proportions that it has become a source of shame
to our great nation. Washington D. C., the showplace of the country, has become a
place of terror to the pedestrian. Crimes against the person, particularly heinous as-
saults, are reaching previously unparalleled heights.

In addition to this appalling criminal increase, the daily newspapers are full of
stories of people who display their apathy toward the sufferings of fellow citizens by
refusing to lend assistance to victims of brutal attacks.

A re-evaluation of the social order that is responsible for this phenomena may
produce a clue that will be useful in restoring a responsible attitude to men for their
brethren. Indeed, a frank appraisal of social mores is imperative if we Americans hope
to maintain our cherished way of life.

We have learned to live with the bomb, if not love it, but I’m afraid that we haven't
quite mastered the art of living with ourselves. The danger from without is great, but
the danger from “within” is even greater.

The inequality of a social system which has condemned millions to a relentless
struggle for bread, must be recognized as contributive to the rise in crime.

POVERTY with his bedfellow IGNORANCE are actively engaged in the breeding
of the explosive social conditions that could literally tear our great Republic apart.

President Johnson launches his “war on poverty” while Senator Goldwater remon-
strates that five percent of the population controls (through expensive lobbies) the
entire nation. Make no mistake! The two facts are related.

The land of plenty has forty millions who are poverty stricken. They have no time
for the amenities, the social graces, the culture that is part of our heritage. The
hopelessly poor must devote their time to a much more worthy pursuit. Their ONLY aim
is survival.

The monstrous twins, poverty and ignorance, must be forever banished from our
shores if we are to remain the greatest nation in the entire history of man.

When it becomes the sacred duty of the five percent to see to the education of the
masses as they do even unto themselves, then and only then, will ignorance and poverty
and their misbegotten spawn, crime, dissappear from our land.

Edward J. Miller
