---
id: "964"
title: "Choose Your Habits With Care"
author: "ROUSE, Frank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "4"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0006.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
CHOOSE
YOUR
HABITS
WITH
CARE

by Frank Rouse

Several years ago | knew a young cuupte whose only
child, a daughter, developed the early habit of sucking her
thumb. Although much was said about it by friends and
family, she was never discouraged from continuing this
practice. When this pretty little girl was 12 years old,
she was still sucking her thumb, and, as a result, her
mouth was misshapen and her teeth protruded. Fortu-
nately, through modern dentistry to correct the deformity,
strict discipline regarding the thumb-sucking, and many
years of awkward, cumbersome braces, the youngster
grew into a lovely, young lady. But just think! If the par-
ents had put a toy or tidbit into the tot’s hands every time
they caught her sucking her thumb, it never would have
become a habit, and the years of discomfort and a great
deal of money would have been saved.

This was one case of a bad habit, picked up at a very
tender age, and left to mature into a malady. Many
children develop a series of bad habits and if left to their
own devices, they will find them difficult to break in later
years.

I remember another case of a boy in my neighborhood
who, urged by his folks, developed a good habit which un-
knowingly was very instrumental in his later success.
Ironically, this is also a true story.

This lad, from a very large family, was the first one in
a long line who was blessed with well-shaped, even teeth.
The whole family: mom and dad, sisters and brothers,
aunts and uncles, and others, praised his beautiful teeth
and encouraged him to take care of them. At an early
age the boy made a habit of caring for his teeth. This
also induced him to maintain a neat appearance.

Of course, he took an unmerciful ribbing from we
neighborhood boys when he used to hold up a game to
brush his teeth after a meal, or when he pulled out the
dental floss after eating a candy bar. But it never stop-
ped him from being a ferocious tackler in a football
game, a tenacious opponent in a “king of the mountain”
game, or a fiery competitor on the baseball diamond.

His family moved to New York before he finished school,
and I learned that while holding down a low-paying job
as an elevator operator in a large office building, he was
spotted by an advertising executive and offered a mod-
eling job on the strength of his engaging, flashing smile.
The advertising agency later discovered a hidden art tal-
ent and sent him to art school and then gave him a per-
manent, lucrative position with the agency.

You can see that the forming of habits in children, both
good and bad, should be carefully watched by the parents,
and should at all costs, be encouraged or discouraged,
whichever the case may call for. However, habit making
or breaking isn’t confined to children only. Many of us
pick up habits later in life, and unfortunately — usually
— most of them are bad.

I know the case of a young lady who was brought up in
the most elegant manner. She had the advantage of a
fine education and many luxuries, and was betrothed to a
nice young man of equal standing. When her once-
devoted parents were divorced before her own marriage,
she moved into a questionable neighborhood, altering her
station in life overnight. She changed from an impec-
cable princess, into a slovenly, unkempt witch. Her new
selection of associates were chosen to accommodate her
new attitude. Her newly acquired bad habits and vices
are better left unmentioned. Needless to say, her young
man hastily broke all ties with her, along with the engage-
ment.

Subsequently, she was taken in by her mother; but on
several occasions went on tears with her now firmly en-
trenched bad habits and vices. To the best of my knovwl-
edge she is still, to this day, an unwed, promiscuous va-
gront.

This is a case where a young adult allowed a personal
setback to change her entire outlook on life, and as a
result, was an easy victim of bad habits and vices, despite
years of fine grooming.

Another case of an errant adult involves a man who
also came from a good home. Throughout his entire boy-
hood and college he was a “loner” and a brilliant student.
He obtained a wonderful engineering position in a “blue
chip” company, and in hardly no time at all was heading
for the top. However, in his anxiety to belong, socially,
he attached himself to a wild playboy group. His new
friends, being used to the frivolous life, were quite able
to cope with it, but our man was like a drunken “babe in
the woods.”

Suddenly, he began the habit of reporting late for work
with a hangover, and badly in need of a shave. He became
unruly and uncouth with his working associates. Later he
missed whole days from work, and after a fruitless effort
to reform him, the company dismissed him. He drifted
from job to job, each one lower than the last one. Fin-
ally, after a series of bouts with tank cells, alcoholic
wards, and rest homes, he lost all reasoning whatsoever,
and was committed to a mental institution. | don’t know
the end result of this case, but I do know that complete
recovery will take a mighty rocky road.

Here was a case where a sheltered, pampered intro-
vert was suddenly thrust into the world. Even though he
had a fantastic mental aptitude, in his eagerness to be
accepted as “one of the boys,” he was an easy prey for
the bad habit hunter, and was “‘bushwhacked” in a hurry.

These two people had every advantage in life, but still
it was quite an easy matter for the bad habits to slide in
and conquer years of fine breeding.

How many of us know people we have liked and sud-
denly, they have acquired a bad habit which may at some
time seem to be very annoying and at other times, down-
right repugnant? Plenty, Ill bet! How many times do
you think that we have displayed our own unpleasant
habits which are offensive to our associates? Quite a few,
I'll wager!

Oh sure, occasionally one of us will come across a good
habit, which is quite a happy experience, but I’m sure
you'll all agree, that most of us usually deyour the bad
habits and let the goodies go.

And wouldn’t you know it! Is it easy to break a bad
habit? We all know the answer is NO. But it’s easy
enough to pick them up, isn’t it? It doesn’t take any ef-
fort at all, does it? But it seems as hard as hell to latch
on to a good habit. Ooops! See, I said HELL! (Which
is nothing but a bad habit).

Therefore, since I am having trouble of my own with
bad habits, I surely cannot expect you to accept me as a
paragon of virtue, or to set an example for good habits,
but | would like to think I can give us all food for thought
along these lines. Some of the easy, good habits which
most of you have already adopted are: neatness, clean-
liness, dining manners, punctuality, courtesy, thrift, 
cheerfulness, consideration, and others. A few good
habit words we can experiment with, are: good morning,
please, thank you, and excuse me.

Mannerly people do not necessarily have to be squares.
I believe that people are judged and accepted by the way
they carry themselves generally, and I’m sure intelligent
people do not make the error of mistaking kindness and
consideration as a sign of weakness.
