---
id: "965"
title: "Profile of Socrates R. Cantoral"
author: "WILLIAMS, Thomas"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
PROFILE
of
Socrates R. Cantoral

by Thomas Williams

Biographies, autobiographies and profiles are written
with the central theme of laying bare before the public,
the life in totality or the constructive achievements of a
particular person. The profiling of a man is the conden-
sation of his specific, noteworthy deeds. It would be in-
congruous to say, this is an entirely objective type of re-
porting. We cannot dismiss the personality of a person,
anymore than we can deny our physical existence. It be-
comes paradoxical when a person has broken one of
society's laws. Society has become accustomed to viewing
the profiles of America’s outcasts with respect to the
itemization of their criminal offenses and behavior. Thus,
we try to overcome these formidable odds by amalga-
mating the behavioral pattern and emphasizing the con-
structive pattern, many years after incarceration.

In spite of the drawbacks there are individuals, who,
through their exceptional rehabilitative efforts have
somehow minimized their prior criminal act. In penal
institutions, this minimization is rarely reached until an
excessive number of years have passed, and even then is
not given the impetus that is needed.

The privilege of selection is an arduous task. It is one
in which selection must take the form of personal obser-
vation, recorded deeds, behavioral pattern, etc. Our
choice is a man who is known and respected in this insti-
tution by inmates and personnel alike.

One partial misconception is the thought that prison
destroys the incentive fabric in a human being. This
thought does possess slight merit, especially when reha-
bilitation is merged with long years of incarceration. This
concept in practice is only demoralization of body, mind
and soul. Excessive incarceration does destroy the re-
habilitative effort.

Prison does have a way; however, of making some indi-
viduals realize that: One moment of irresponsible be-
havior will not deter his future decent efforts, nor detract
from the inherent good within. Such is the man we chose
to profile in the persen of Socrates Cantoral.

The long years of incarceration began for Socrates on
April 8, 1953. That was the fateful day of his arrest. As
an accomplice in a homicide case involving himself and
four other youthful associates. Only 29 days out of the
army, Socrates found himself in a more negative battle
than all the glorious one’s which he fought in defense of
his country. The word glorious is used intentionally. This
is the only way to begin description of what this man
meant to his country.

In the year 1948, Socrates entered the United States
Army and after paratrooper training, was sent to Korea
where he amassed the following citations:

1. The Silver Star;
2. Distinguished Unit Citation;
3. Purple Heart, with two oak leaf clusters;
4. National Defense Service Medal;
5. Korean Service Medal, with five battle stars;
6. United Nations Service Medal;
7. Paratroopers’ Badge;
8. Combat Infantrymans’ Badge;
9. Republic of Korea - Presidential Unit Citation.

The profile of this man is a study in contrast. It is an
unbalanced dichotomization of a man’s lifetime achieve-
ments, and his failures. Especially significant, is the time
lapse between discharge and arrest time of 29 days.
Most people would assume that a man with the previous
mentioned citations would be given an excess of the op-
portunities available. This is far from the truth. Too
many cases have been recorded of the failures of such
men in the same situation. Socrates is a Spanish Ameri-
can and part and parcel of the people comprising the
minority groups of our country. All too often we are prone
to leap the hurdies mentally, without realizing the in-
adequacies of our day dreams. Thus, Socrates sought to
balance the scales with youthful impetuosity. But the
inescapable law of cause and effect took precedence, and
in a short time the result of his action was felt by incar-
ceration.

“Sook,” as he is affectionately called by his friends, was
21 years of age when his world was yanked from under
him.

Soon after his classification, he realized he needed
help to reshape his shattered life. With this desire for
help in mind, he requested individual and group psycho-
logical therapy. Two years of intense therapy produced
needed results. The first thing that Socrates realized was
that, if he was ever to resume a normal place in society
he would need a better education, both yocationally and
academically. This was imperative as he had, prior to
imprisonment, only completed grammar school. Realizing
that an academic education was the key necessary to his
ultimate success in life, Socrates attacked his school
studies (offered here at the institution) with the same
vigor that he displayed on the battlefront. At the mo-
ment, he is eligible to receive his High School Equivalency
Diploma. Not content with just his High Schoo! efforts,
he investigated the possibilities of the I. C. S. (Inter-
national Correspondence School) courses. He has re-
ceived accredited diplomas in the following I. C. S. home
study courses: English, general mathematics, masons’
foreman, show card writing, and mechanical drafting
(transmission).

He has used his academic education constructively by
periodically contributing articles to this magazine. He
has kept many of us amused by the humor and clarity of
many of his characters in our comic section. Socrates has
for the past seven years been employed in the dental
laboratory, and has been described as a diligent worker
and one who could definitely be classed as a denta! tech-
nician apprentice, able to serve any dental employer's
staff needs. He has from time to time purchased books
on dentistry and other educational material from his
meager earnings.

There is an old saying: “He who believes enough in a
thing to pay for it materialistically, is most sincere in his
beliefs.” I think this quote is synonomous with the man
of whom we speak.

Cantoral is also one of the movie projectionists here
at the institution and has been licensed for the past five
years. As if this wasn’t enough, he has also been a mem-
ber of the institutional concert band (drummer) for two
years, studying the rudiments of music at every possible
chance he can crowd into his daily schedule. I asked him
about this avalanche of studies and he stated: “A man
only thinks something is difficult if he is doing it with re-
luctance and a semi-faith in himself. Regardless of the
outcome or result of my efforts, I have every belief that
this time spent in learning has not been in vain. That
someone, somewhere, someday will recognize my efforts,
is Compensation enough for me.” I noted the sincerity
of these words and thought that, here was truly a man
with a purpose, and a belief in the humanity of man.

Socrates’ family, which consists of his mother, step-
father, brothers, sisters and several loyal friends, have
all been faithfully consistent in their belief in him. One
aspect of this man’s character can be noted in the fact
that he has, over the years, contributed large parts of his
prison earnings toward the support of his mother. Not an
obligatory act, but a part of the decency that this man
inherently possesses.

It might be noteworthy to add that the many achieve-
ments listed here have been accomplished in spite of a
Korean service disability that has plagued him from time
to time.

In prison there is a tendency (as previously stated) for
a man to become easily discouraged. And, especially
where he has labored tirelessly over a long period of time
to show in every respect, that he is now capable of react-
ing to any given situation, maturely, rationally and con-
structively. He is especially interested in the recognition
of his efforts by those persons governing the length of
time of his punishment. This is natural, and when | sought
answers to this from the man in profile, he said: “In spite
of my small efforts | cannot say that | have always been
optimistic. The weight of my participation in the wrong
against society will always be with me. And, through my
efforts of achievements in prison, coupled with the years
I have served, | hope somehow to reach a state of vindi-
cation in the minds of the people who now control my fate.
| am definitely not the youth who once thought the world
owed him something because of a few medals wen on the
battlefield. | now realize that a person does not turn his:
bravery on and off like a light; that the bravest battle is
mastery of myself to enable me to live with my fellow man
in a decent and law-abiding manner. But most of all, |
want to justify my mother’s faith in me and make her
remaining years happy ones.”

Who can say, after these words and in the light of his
rehabilitative efforts, that this man has not truly reached
a state of maximum penitence? It might suffice to add,
that one of the accomplices in the crime has been re-
leased. This, also, spurred him on to a new effort to prove
his worthiness of such a privilege.

No one has all the answers to our sociological dilemma,
but if prison is truly for the purpose of rehabilitation, then
Socrates R. Cantoral, who has availed himself of all that
our institution has to offer, will make a valuable addition
to free society. He has proven that these written words
are not just the profile of a prisoner, but of a man who has
grown to an acceptable stature.
