---
id: "966"
title: "The Bastille Bongo Bounces"
author: "COLL, Don"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "8"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0010.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The
Bastille
Bongo
Bouncers

by Don Coll

As the ghost said when he walked
into the taproom, “Have you any
spirits in here?” Speaking of spirits
(I had to get that lead line in), Joe
Fatio’s spirited aggregation of fe-
lonious musicians have added new
spirit to the band by augmenting the
17 piece ensemble with the addition
of Walter Dublin, a fine baritone
voice with a Billy Eckstine-type of de-
livery, and very pleasing to the ear,
especially so after being inoculated
with “Beetle music” during the last
few months (Author's note: Ugh!
those Beetles; quick, Henry, the
FLIT).

Last May 30th, man, we had a wild
and wooly evening from 6:30 to 8:15
p.m. Nothing special was planned
when the band gathered for their
usual Sunday gig. Someone sug-
gested that the microphone be rigged
up to give our new singer a break
(singing out-door is about as easy
as trying to get a word in edgewise
when holding a conversation with
Eddie Miller). Anyway, along about
the third number, Joe Fatio raised
his index finger and led the band in-
to a low-down-type of blues in Bb,
with a few tasty riffs that really put
the tune in meter for dancing, and
just like it says in the Bible, “Lo and
behold” a couple of the boys (ahem)
joined hands and went into a series
of convulsive contortions that would
have copped first place honors in a
pretzel factory. They rocked and
rolled, twisted and turned, until the
very foundations of this ancient and
evil bastille was vibrating with their
rhythm (Bastille: Man, that’s French
for jail!). The dancers surely deserve
mention here, after giving so much
pleasure to all that witnessed their
efforts: Dee-Dee, Willie Billenton
and Pete Gunn, who joined the ca-
vorting with their version of the Peni-
tentiary Prance and mingled in was
a step or two of the Bunny Hug and
the Yard-out Shuffle. The apprecia-
tive crowd joined in with some
rhythmic applause until a rather unique accident oc-
curred. No names will be mentioned, but one of the dan-
cers, attempting to do the difficult Banana Split, was
bending over just about as far as humanly possible,
when .. . rrrrriiiiippppp!! — the seam parted in his
pants — heaven’s-to-Betsy. He never lost a step or
missed a beat, until he felt the draft and heard the howls
and comments from the gentlemen in the crowd
(“Gentlemen?” Heh, heh, heh). One onlooker was con-
siderate enough to open a handbag and see if their were
needle and thread handy — Podden me.

During the course of the evening a new talent was dis-
covered. This place is lousy with talent and lousy with-
out it, too. But, as previously mentioned, Joe Fatio was
leading the boys in some real gone house-rocking, down-
home blues, when Jimmie Moore, better known as Peter
Gunn, stepped up to the microphone in his number twelve
shoes. The cat-calls were soon silenced when he broke
into the same down-home, gut-bucket style of singing
that made Jimmie Rushing famous. His casualness and
microphone personality plus his ease of delivery, made it
obvious that this boy had seen a microphone before. He
received a fine ovation and did an encore of “Chicago”
that was also well received. He also does the drum work
for Tojo’s little way-out-to-hell-and-gone group. Does
it well, too.

We went this far, so bear with me while | evaluate the
band in comparison to last year’s group. To begin,
everybody hears the practice sessions, so by the time the
tune is actually played in its entirety, someone is bound to
remark that, “Gee! Don’t they ever play anything new?”
This is just one of the faults that cannot be corrected;
there is no place else to practice. So with this thought in
mind, let's take the musicians one by one and add them
up to get a total picture.

Joe (Mr. Music) Fatio is still the leader; still the man
with the patience to teach and coach, and with the ability
to do both real well. He can play the sweetest and hottest
trumpet that ever blew inside these walls.

The sax section remains just about the same as last
year with one exception: The addition of Sonny Schrank,
playing 3rd alto, under the musical guidance of Freddie
Adams, who plays 2nd tenor and remains as the band’s
chief arranger; Al LaRue is still Ist alto, and biowing up
a storm on the solos. Nate DuPree still holds 4th tenor,
and is also a fine soloist. Rounding out the section is
“Big Six,” blowing way down on his baritone and coming
out with some fine sounds.

The trumpet crew has moved up a couple of notches
with Bobby Johnson on the first chair. Bobby played with
Joe away back, and the horn does more now for Bobby
than it ever did. Jack Leeds is number two man and an old
hand and still going strong. Two new additions are: Harry
Johnson, 3rd seat in the section, and Aaron Carroi!, on
4th trumpet.

The “bones” are handled by ex-trumpet player — anda
good one — Dom Valentino on Ist trombone and sharing
the solos with him is Tojo, a welcome addition to the
group. Rounding out the bones is old reliable, Floyd
Jackson, still slushing the pump.

The rhythm section has made several improvements.
Clev Brown, on the bass fiddle, still refuses to change
expressions, but he plucks and slaps like it’s going out of
style. Johnny Lujack is our new guitarist, and he is
really coming on. | played with John in ‘48. He was good
then and has made steady improvement since that time.
The skins are under the personal supervision of Socrates
Cantoral, and he has made rapid strides since last year,
especially since Skins Murphy finally gave up his Dixie-
land beat and retired to 9 block. John Phillip Sousa will
never be the same.

An over-all evaluation of the band is an obvious im-
provement since last year; and they weren’t too bad then.
