---
id: "968"
title: "Deliverance"
author: "ROUSE, Frank"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "10"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0012.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
DELIVERANCE

by Frank Rouse

On December 20, 1963, at 1:11 P.M., Richard Honeck,
cn 84 year old inmate of the Menard Branch of the
Illinois State Penitentiary, after 64 consecutive years of
immurement, walked through the big double gates to
his first breath of freedom in the 20th century.

Uncle Richard, as we shall call him, was apprehended
for homicide at the height of a quarrel with an aquaint-
ance at the age of 20 in September, 1899, and two months
later was sentenced to... . “confinement at hard
labor .... for the term of his natural life.”

And so began the ordeal of Uncle Richard. The first
World War came and went. When Babe Ruth electrified
the baseball world with 60 home runs in 1927, Uncle
Richard was in his 28th year of prison.

“Not possible,” you say!

By 1929, in Uncle Richard’s 30th year of confinement,
the State of Illinois began to consider “lifers” eligible
for parole.

“Ah,” you say, “A good omen at last.”

But alas, the law was not made retroactive, and Uncle
Richard had to serve time until 1949 — a full half-
century — before he would become eligible.

“Fantastic,” you say!

When the Japanese signed their unconditional sur-
render in September of 1945, Uncle Richard was endur-
ing his 46th year of captivity.

“Incredible,” you say!

It’s 1949, and our now 70 year-old Uncle Richard, after
20 long years in a penitentiary, is at last eligible for pa-
role. But at this late date, he knew nobody on the out-
side who could sponsor him.

“Unbelievable,” you say!

In 1961, when Roger Maris hit 61 home runs to break
Babe Ruth’s record, Uncle Richard was in his 62nd year
of adversity.

“Inconceivable,” you say!

Yea, you might say that this cannot be possible. That
it most certainly would take a miracle to deliver this
kindly octogenarian gentleman from obscurity.

Well now, watch a miracle at work!

Late in 1962, the inmate editor of the MENARD
TIMES, the prison newspaper, a member of the PENAL
PRESS, was scouting up a routine prison story on the
oldest inmate. He spotted Uncle Richard out in the yard
and asked, “How long have you been here, Old Timer?”

He didn’t believe the old man’s answer, and had to check
the records department to find out IT WAS TRUE.

The editor wrote two articles in the MENARD TIMES.
The first published in February, 1963, quoted Uncle
Richard as saying...

“.. this is the only world I know. The other
world is as unreal as a fairytale. I made up
my mind a long time ago that there was one
thing | was going to do, and that was time. I
only live from day to day. . .”

The second article in the June issue of the MENARD
TIMES was spotted by an Associated Press correspondent
who came to see Uncle Richard, his first visitor from an
outsider in 59 years. The correspondent’s article, “Long
Forgotten Prisoner,” was carried by the Associated Press
Wire Service, and suddenly the mail began to avalanche
in — Uncle Richard's first letters since a four-line note
from his brother, dated June 21, 1904.

But the most important letter of Uncle Richard’s
lifetime, arrived on August 29, 1963, from a niece in
California he had never known. A niece who was born
in 1900, one year after he began his seemingly endless
vigil. The letter began:

“Dear Uncle Richard,

You can’t imagine how surprised and thrilled
I was to learn that you were still alive. As a
child I remember hearing the folks speak of
you, but I naturally assumed that since so
many years have passed that you had also
died. . ."

They corresponded regularly, and when she came East
to visit him and appear before the parole board, offering
him a home if he were released, it was accepted; and
so, after 6 everlasting decades plus 4, our Uncle Richard
was delivered.

When the meek old man was asked to comment on
how he felt, he had the following to say:

“I was overwhelmed, I just can’t believe that.
ANYONE would care.”

“I thought many times about going outside,
but I never could believe it possible. I’d been
in so very long. I tried not to think about the
outside.”

“No, I have no bitterness. There is no place
for that. I learned a long, long time ago to
put away any anger or animosity. I reconciled
myself, for I learned that the only person I
could truly fight was myself.”

“The nicest thing of all is simply to be able
to take a walk whenever I want to.”

So you see, it is due directly to the power of the PENAL
PRESS, and the dogged determination of the editor and
staff of the MENARD TIMES, that your “hopelessly lost”
Uncle Richard can again, after an eternity, see a ship
at anchor; hear little children laugh and play; and watch
a flower grow.

Yes, truth is sometimes stranger than fiction. A mon-
strous dragon has been slain. A fairytale has come to
life. Our Uncle Richard, now 85, after 23,418 days in
prison will live “Happily Ever After” in the feeble twi-
light of his time.
