---
id: "969"
title: "Former Judge Aids Eastern Inmate He Once Convicted"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "11"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0013.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
FORMER JUDGE AIDS
EASTERN INMATE
HE ONCE CONVICTED

Morris Gerber, a former Montgomery County judge,
has filed a petition for a writ of habeas corpus in an at-
tempt to get a new trial for a man he once convicted of
burglary.

Mr. Gerber, now a Norristown attorney, served on the
bench from September 1957 to January 1960. It was dur-
ing this time, in 1958, that the paths of the judge and
the alleged felon crossed.

Arthur Bruno, 48, a former resident of South Philadel-
phia, received a one to two year sentence to be served
concurrently with other sentences, wrote to the judge and
thanked him for his courteous treatment and considera-
tion at his trial, following imposition of sentence by the
then, Judge Gerber.

The judge and Bruno exchanged correspondence and
as a result of the judge’s influence, Bruno has become a
changed man. He has obtained a good job in charge of
the Correctional Industry’s supply section, and he has
participated in the Chess Club.

“Over the last five years he has an excellent record,”
says the former judge. He recalls that Bruno appears to
have “reformed a little.”

The U. S. Supreme Court's ruling in the case of Gideon
vs. Wainwright, stating that all defendants should have
benefit of counsel, prompted Bruno to contact Mr. Gerber,
and advise him that he did not have an attorney at
his Philadelphia trial before the late Judge John
Mawhinney.

Mr. Gerber’s petition, on behalf of his new client, was
filed in Quarter Sessions Court on June 2, 1964. A hear-
ing is scheduled later this month. If a new trial is grant-
ed, and Bruno is acquitted, the 12 years he has already
served could be applied to his second 10 to 20 year term.

The word “rehabilitation,” has been bandied back and
forth so much, that it has lost its meaning to many people;
but here is one person — an ex-judge — who believes that
it can take place in a man regardless of his age or past
criminal record.

We, of the Echo staff, would like to voice our apprecia-
tion to a man who believes in the “Quality of Mercy,” and
we sincerely hope that it is truly, “twice blessed.”

Well done, Judge Gerber.
