---
id: "97"
title: "The Stones Will Cry Out"
author: "Gallagher, Rev. Edwin L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Stones Will Cry Out

By Rev. Edwin L. Gallagher
Catholic Chaplain

According to a modern French encyclopedia, a
man who lives 70 years devotes: 24 years to sleep;
11 to work; 8 to amusements; 6 to meals; 6 to read-
ing; 5 to walks; 3 to education; 3 to personal groom-
ing; 3 to conversation; 1 to military service.

How many to God in prayer and religious
worship? None at all—according to this French
idea.

There are 1440 minutes in a day. Even the
good man devotes shamefully few of these to his
Creator and Redeemer.

Let’s be honest! Are you one of the fellows
who would be embarrassed to have someone see you
on your knees? Are you afraid that you might be
kidded? Or possibly you are the self-sufficient type.
You don’t need God’s help! The stars need Him
to keep them in place, but you don’t! Or again,
maybe you prayed for something and you didn’t
receive it. The Manager didn’t agree with the play
you ealled, so now you won’t play ball!

Did you ever hear about Lou Ambers, the former
lightweight champion of the world? He won the
crown on September 8rd, 1936. After the bout he
showered and dressed and set out for a. victory
party. It was a big evening for Lou—the biggest
night of his life; the realization of his greatest
dream come true. Well-wishers buzzed about him
endlessly and delayed his progress to the extent
that he arrived at the party at midnight.

Lou sat down, well pleased with himself and
the evening’s work, and accepted the congratula-
tions of family and friends. But he neither ate nor
drank a thing. And after a while, he departed, bid-
ding goodby to his party at its height.

Lou didn’t have to explain his departure. aeut
morning, bright and early, a sportswriter spotted
him kneeling at Mass and Holy Communion.

It was a First Friday! This story comes from
the sportswriter—not from Lou.

Even a champ needs the strength of God! Only
a chump thinks he can get along without it!
