---
id: "971"
title: "A New Look in Education"
author: "MILLER, Edward T."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "12"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0014.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A
NEW 
LOOK
IN
EDUCATION

by Edward T. Miller

Some rather amazing things are going on behind these
bleak, grey walls. Educationally speaking, the “Old
Eastern State Pen” is on the march forward — in quick
time!

Our new educational director, Mr. William T. Berg
(formerly our director of social service), has completely
revamped the educational department, and the resultant
change is admirable. Indeed, there is an electric quality
present in the classroom atmosphere of the new school
building here. Mr. Berg organized an adyanced educa-
tional program for the benefit of academically inclined
students.

When Mr. Berg was interviewed prior to writing this
article, he indicated that he was happy with the new
school building because it is conducive to higher educa-
tional standards and will contribute to a better atmos-
phere and add incentive for students. He also stated that
he would try to make the content of the educational pro-
gram match the improved physical plant. For the first
time, during Spring classes, post-high school graduate
courses were offered. As a result of these courses there is
evidence that our new school program is on a par with the
excellent, new facilities available to the inmate popula-
tion. The response and enthusiasm shown by our high
school graduates for these special courses, would indi-
cate that there are many inmates who are quite sincere
about furthering their education.

Mr. Charles C. Cammarota (new social service direc-
tor), taught a number of courses during the last semester,
but he gets the OSCAR for the best teaching job of 1964
in his class in literature. Using notes that he had taken
at LaSalle some years ago, Mr. Cammarota attempted
to impart to us a theory of art as developed by Walter
Kerr, famed playwright, drama critic and professor of art.
Some hot and heavy debates on art theory took place, but
no one was permanently injured in any of them. It is
hoped that Mr. Cammarota will be on the teaching staff
again next semester.

Mr. Harry Gransback, who many inmates will remember
from the old days when we held our classes in the prison
library, did an excellent job with the ancient history class.
A witty gentleman with a wealth of background informa-
tion from which to draw, he kept his students on their toes
with assignments and picturesque explanations of the
various subjects.

The music appreciation class was presided over by our
education director. Any of you who have attended Mr.
Berg's classes will be able to more fully appreciate the
fact that the culture and erudition that he imparts to
his pupils amounts to pure legerdemain. We are sure that
he will favorably influence the lives of many of our more
receptive inmates in his new position. The spreading of
his philosophy that “education is learning to live,” will go
a long way toward remaking some of us into better men.

A New Era

This Spring marked the dawning of a new era in the
history of Eastern’s educational department. We were
literally “invaded” by graduate students from the Uni-
versity of Pennsylvania. In the vanguard of this historic
maneuver were three teachers (Ivy Leaguers) who were
selected from a group of more than 40 volunteer gradu-
ates. This pilot project was warmly accepted by both ad-
ministration and inmate students.

Mr. Richard H. Gwinn, a resident of Gladwynne, Pa.,
and a graduate student in Penn’s Wharton School of
Finance and Commerce, took a pre-high school group of
students through the mechanics of letter writing and
practical English. His achievements were dramatic and
his class was reluctant to let him go at the end of the
semester.

Another Wharton graduate student, Mr. Harry C. Ger-
hart, a native of Abilene, Texas, taught a beginning
readers’ class, with the patience and skill of the profes-
sional educator. His word pictures and stories held his
tyros spellbound and many new readers are grateful for
his efforts.

A native of the deep South (Greenville, Mississippi),
Mr. J. W. Groome, lectured on world events to the post-
high school group. A literature major at Tulane Univer-
sity, this Wharton graduate student, maintained control
over a course which proved to be very controversial. He
covered a varied course from the racial question to Viet
Nam. Mr. Groome was a master tactician, who kept the
class embroiled in the various topics. We appreciate the
time and efforts of these men. Their sincerity of purpose
can stand as a salient example to each of us. This pro-
gram proved to be very successful.

Lest We Forget

When a new event takes place such as the “new look”
invasion, we tend to forget the old, the dependable, the
steady. Lest we forget: Mr. Larry Rees, lower academic
instructor, and Mr. Michael Montemuro, senior high
school instructor. Both are very fine teachers who have
been with us for quite some time. We look forward to
their return next semester.

Inmate Instructors

We had six inmate instructors. They were: Faber E.
Stengle, junior high school; Gerald J. Haas, advanced and
beginning typing; Martin J. Pearson, chess; Hugh
Williams, bookkeeping and accounting; Rogers Barbee,
beginning typing, and George Snyder, American history,
world history, and economic geography. These men are
dedicated teachers, who are sincere in their desire to
share their knowledge with others. We congratulate them
for a job well done.

Conclusion

In conclusion, we feel that completion of the new phys-
ical plant has been conducive to a better learning atmos-
phere. The revamped school program has added incentive
toward the support and maintenance of high scholastic
standards.

Several innovations have been brought into operation
that are a decided improvement over less modern tech-
niques. The single subject testing of inmates in the
Eastern Correctional Diagnostic and Classification Cen-
ter, has been replaced with the General Educational De-
velopment test (GED). The purpose of this test is to re-
duce the amount of time necessary for qualified students
to achieve their high school diploma. Students who qualify
can reduce this time from two years, to one ten-hour
testing session.

The introduction of the barber trainee program is an-
other noteworthy addition to our progressive system. This
program is designed to bring about the licensing of inmate
trainees when they have met the necessary prerequisites.

The eduational emphasis in penal institutions has al-
ways been centered on the vocational, rather than the
academic areas. The obvious success of vocational in-
struction could be well complemented with an equal em-
phasis on academics. This would present problems, es-
pecially with our present population shift, for we will be
losing many of our high school students. It may be that
the emphasis of our educational program will shift from
high school to the lower grades, and more forcibly on be-
ginning students. We hope not. Education is truly —
learning to live.
