---
id: "973"
title: "Introducing"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "14"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0016.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
INTRODUCING

Mr. Robert Barclay, 34,
married, and the father of
two children, began his
music education at the
age of five continuing on
through high school. Dur-
ing this period he partici-
pated in various civic and
state bands and orchestra
presentations.

After attending Tem-
ple University for two
years, Mr. Barclay became a member of the United States
Marine Band, with the rank of staff sergeant. He played
for all official functions at the White House from 1950
through 1957, for both Presidents Truman and Eisen-
hower. He played for both of President Eisenhower's
inaugurations.

During his tour of duty with the Band, they made num-
erous concert tours throughout the United States. Mr.
Barclay appeared on the Ed Sullivan Show, Dave Garro-
ways Today Show, and in the film, “Stars and Stripes
Forever,’ starring Clifton Webb. The Band also played
three concerts weekly over NBC, CBS and Mutual radio
networks.

Following his discharge from service, he became asso-
ciated with the family-owned Barclay Music Studio in
Media, the Delaware County Public School System, and
played clarinet, saxophone and bassoon in various tray-
eling Broadway shows.

MISS BEATRICE 6. BURTON
Glerk-Stenographer

Miss Beatrice C. Burton,
18, is employed in the
parole office as a clerk-
stenographer. She is a
1963 graduate of South
Philadelphia High School,
where she completed the
Commercial "B” Course.

In September 1964
Miss Burton graduated
from the Columbia In- 
stitute, where she ma-
jored in stenography. She
completed the course with high honors.

Miss Burton looks forward to an enjoyable association
with fellow employees here at SCIPHA. She lists her hob-
bies as reading, swimming and dancing.

MR. SHELDON I. CUTLER
Accountant II

Mr. Sheldon I. Cutler
was appointed to the
position of Accountant II
on July 9, 1964. He was
formerly employed as
assistant head account-
ant at Philadelphia State
Hospital.

A 1953 graduate of
Overbrook High School,
Mr. Cutler attended
Banks Business College, . .
later transferring to Temple University, where he was
graduated an accounting major in 1962.

DR. JULIUS NEWNAN
Plastic Surgeon

Dr. Julius Newman has
been appointed consult-
ant to the State Correc-
tional Institution of Phila.
for Ear, Nose, Throat, and
Plastic Surgery. He is
currently in the process
of initiating a new re-
habilitation program
through reconstructive
maxilo facial surgery.
This program has been
initiated by Superintend-
ent A. T. Rundle. The program will be carried out in
close association with Dr. Nathan Blumberg, Medical
Director, and with the members of the Psychiatric
and Medical Staff. A complete program of rehabilitation
will thus be available for the inmates at the State Correc-
tional Institution through this team.

Dr. Newman is a graduate of Temple Univ. School of
Medicine and has completed special training at the Grad-
uate Hospital of the Univ. of Pa. He is a Diplomate of the
American Board of Otolaryngology. He has recently re-
turned from a two year tour of duty in the U.S. Army Med.
Corps as Chief of the E.N.T. services at Walson Army
Hospital, Fort Dix, N.J. Presently he is in charge of the
cosmetic facial surgical section of the Dept. of Otorhinol-
ogy at Temple Univ. and also serves as coordinator of the
Temple E.N.T. service at Phila. General Hospital.

MR. LEROY E. FRED
X-Ray Technician

Mr. Fred was born in
South Carolina in 1934,
but has been living in the
Philadelphia area for sev-
eral years. He is 30 years
old, married, and the
father of two children.

Mr. Fred studied two
years at Temple Univer-
sity, and two years at X-
Ray Technical School of
the University of Penn-
sylvania Graduate Hospital.

He worked two years on night emergency duty at the
Presbyterian Hospital, while working days, at the same
time, at Osteopathic Hospital.

Mr. Fred likes to dabble in psychology and also enjoys
bowling. However, he is planning to re-enter Temple
University this fall.

MR. CHRISTIAN F. SALVATORE
Barber Trainee School

Mr. Salvatore is a na-
tive of Philadelphia, who
spent the better part of
his life between “Fair-
mount” and “Brewery-
town.” He started his
education at the Batch
School at 22nd & Brown,
and continued his educa-
tion at the Robert Morris
School.

Mr. Salvatore started
his barbering career at the age of 16, when he went to
work for a relative in the business. He opened his own I
shop in 1932 at 29th and Girard, and has since turned it
over to his son, Thomas.

Mr. Salvatore believes that his instruction with the in-
mate barber trainee is a necessary adjunct to their re-
habilitation. He feels that men who have the opportu-
nity to earn an honest livelihood will seldom return to
prison.
