---
id: "975"
title: "Smoking and Lung Cancer"
author: "SNYDER, Dr. Harry A. Ph.D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "18"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0020.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Smoking and
Lung Cancer 

by Dr. Harry A. Snyder, PhD.

The scientific advisory com-
mittee operating under the Sur-
geon General of the United States
on Smoking and Health, stated
flatly that cigarettes cause lung
cancer. On the other hand, the
report bears out the fact that pipe
and cigar smokers have relatively
almost the same immunity as
nonsmokers. It is in this latter
alternative that habitual smokers
may have a choice in making a
momentous decision insofar as the
continued use of tobacco is con-
cerned. The following summary
of the National Committee on
Smoking and Health is submitted
for information and guidance of
all concerned.

The committee emphasized that
its conclusion was based on po-
tent evidence. That evidence was
woven into a 46-page summary
discussion of the disease, and its
historic surge since the mid-1930’s
and the research linking it to
smoking. One by one the com-
mittee demolished arguments
casting doubt on that evidence.
No substantial contradictory evi-
dence has been found, it reported.
So sensitive were the 10 scientists
that they spelled out their phil-
osophy of cause and effect in a
1200-word preface to their report.
Later, they stressed that three
different kinds of evidence entered
into their judgment.

“The causal significance of the
use of tobacco in relation to the
disease is the crucial question,”
they said. “For such judgments
all three lines of evidence are
essential ...”

They listed:

1. Statistical studies of large
populations, both smokers
and nonsmokers, victims and
nonvictims of lung cancer.

2. Extensive studies of human tissues obtained at au-
topsy. 

3. Experiments with cigarette chemicals and animals.

In 29 “retrospective” studies, doctors had interviewed
lung cancer victims to learn their smoking habits. For
comparison in most cases an equal number of non-
victims had been interviewed.

In seven “prospective” studies, scientists had enrolled
large numbers of smokers and nonsmokers as volunteers,
then kept a watch on their health for a period of years.
Conclusions were based on comparative death rates
among two groups. In many studies, the scientists also
noted different degrees of the smoking habit. In the past,
such evidence has been criticized as “only statistical.”
To meet this objection, the committee set rigorous stand-
ards for drawing conclusions from it.

Taken as a whole, the committee stated that the stud-
ies had to be in high agreement; their results had to show
a strong link between smoking and disease, and a link
that largely excluded other possible factors; it had to
show that lung cancer came after smoking in nearly all
victims; and the results had to agree with other types of
studies.

Despite widely differing methods, the retrospective and
prospective studies consistently showed a high correla-
tion between smoking and lung cancer. “It is indeed re-
markable,” the committee remarked, “that no reason-
able well designed retrospective study has found results
to the contrary.”

“Consistently,” the scientists said, “the studies show-
ed a high (nine-fold) greater risk of lung cancer than
among nonsmokers.” For heavier smokers, the risk was
still higher, and a strong correlation in the committee’s
view. “No evidence was found that other factors might
account for the correlation,” the committee reported. It
noted that such factors would have to be nine times as
common among smokers as nonsmokers.

There was no evidence that smokers were developing
lung cancer before they started smoking. The scientists
noted that statistics of lung cancer agreed closely with
statistics of smoking, both in historical time and as be-
tween sexes. They noted that statistics of cigarette ver-
sus pipe and cigar smoking agreed with statistics of lung
cancer of the larynx.

They noted that statistics of lung cancer between city
and rural populations, and between different economic
classes, showed evidence of some other factors; but that
these factors paled in comparison to the smoking factor.

Turning to human tissue studies, the committee leaned
heavily cn an extensive series of microscopic tissue stud-
ies performed by a lung tissue specialist. In thousands
of specimens taken at autopsy from the breathing tracts
of men, women and children, significant tissue differ-
ences were found in smokers.

In 1400 carefully-chosen words the committee dealt
with one of the tobacco industry's key arguments: That
some hereditary or constitutional factor may exist in some
men which makes them prime candidates both for smok-
ing and for lung cancer.

If this were true, cigarettes would be simply a compan-
ion, not a cause, of lung cancer. Said the committee:
“Not true.”

“If such a factor existed,” the scientists noted, “it
would have to be a complicated one. It would have to
make some men heavier smokers and more prone to lung
cancers. It would have to make some men able to quit
smoking and make these same strong-willed men less
likely to develop lung cancer.”

If the factors were environmental, it would again have
to be shown nine times more common for one group as for
another. If it were in the population's pool of heredity.
it would have had to show a 60-year increase in influence
which defies known laws of heredity.

“It is a major fallacy,” it said, “to believe that smok-
ing cannot be accused as a cause of lung cancer unless
it be shown to be the only cause. The cause-and-effect
relationship between cigarettes and lung cancer,” the
committee concluded, “can never be proved by experi-
ments in men; such experiments would demand totalitar-
ian controls.”

In such a vacuum, “proof” is a tightening web of many
types of converging evidence. In the committee’s scien-
tific opinion, that web cf evidence today warrants a con-
viction that cigarettes are a cause, the most important
cause of lung cancer in men.

The relationships between cigarette smoking and can-
cer, particularly lung cancer, unquestionably has been
firmly established by this report. As to cigar and pipe
smoking, these effects are less evident. In any event,
moderation has always been a fairly good and accept-
able guide to follow under circumstances which, if other-
wise disregarded, could adversely affect the physical well
being of all those concerned.
