---
id: "977"
title: "Penal Press Exchange"
author: "CHESTER, F. C. "
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "20"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0022.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
Penal Press Exchange

by F.C. Chester

THE INSIDE WORLD
PARCHMAN, MISSISSIPPI

Your reprint of “Legal Aid For Prisoners” is one | have
read before; however, it is a project worth working for.
There is not much else in your December issue that is of
interest to people not in your institution. You do cover
the local scene very thoroughly. All in all, a good locai
paper.

THE EAGLE
ALDERSON, WEST VIRGINIA

Having just finished the second issue of your magazine
that I have ever read, I can only say: Why did you wait
so long to put us on your exchange list? I am sorry that
the cartoons on page 15 of your Winter issue did not
come out clearer in mimeographing. Your fiction is as
good as any on the circuit; better than some. Your covers
show originality. The cover on the Winter issue is supurb
in its simplicity. Keep up the good work.

THE PENDLETON REFLECTOR
PENDLETON, INDIANA

The picture and article on the front page of your
December 20 issue is very striking. It uncovers something
that has needed to be uncovered for sometime. Things
like this go on in every state in this country, and people
still wonder why children grow up in constant conflict
with the law and society. This, I feel, is one of the best
issues you have ever printed. So many of your better
articles are unsigned, so I don’t know who to thank for
“Prison is Punishment.” “Memories of an Evening in
Prison” and “I Won‘t Be Home for Christmas.” Please
thank the authors for good jobs.

PAOHAO PRESS
HONOLULU, HAWAII

We are always glad to hear from the land of the Hula.
You are indeed fortunate in that you have been visited
by the “Melody Maids.” I am sure that they were re-
ceived with appreciation by all who heard them. “TALES
OF HAWAII” is, I feel, a good way of making friends all
over the world. I feel that the best way to know people is
to learn their folk tales. I hope this will be a regular
feature in your magazine.

RECOUNT
CANON CITY, COLORADO

I don’t know who designed your Christmas issue Cover.
I do know that he or they, which ever the case may be
are to be congratulated. Everyone here who has seen this
issue comments on the cover. The entire layout has been
praised by everyone | have talked to. I only wish that
we had the space to print your calendar. The author of
“The Christmas Bash” has written a good piece of
humor. Since it wasn’t signed, I can’t thank him myself.
Thank him for me. Has your exchange column been
discontinued?

LANEDALE REVEALER,
ROCKWELL CITY, IOWA

I have here before me your October issue. It is the
only one I have ever read. I hope it is not the last. Your
magazine, while not the best mimeograph job I have seen,
it is one of the most enjoyable. Thank you, Vicki Myers,
for “OPEN LETTER TO A FRIEND.” It touches on a
subject that is essential to all of us. It also made me
think of the friends that | had taken for granted for so
long. “THE FIX,” by Margaret Lewis, is very readable.
Does she also do the art work in your magazine? PLEASE
keep us on your exchange list.

M. P. NEWS
DEER LODGE, MONTANA

Your anniversary issue is another first with me. It
seems strange, I know, since you have been in print four
years. “THE IRON VOICE,” by Joe Lucas, says many
things that I wish | had said. I hope never to be as-
sociated with one of the IRON TONGUES, which are
inarticulate. I am glad that you gave a pat on the back
to Mrs. Dorothy Sheer. She is one of our greatest sup-
porters. Congratulations on your 4th birthday. May you
have many more happy ones. It’s interesting to note that
the Junior Chamber of Commerce is exploring the pos-
sibilities of starting a chapter in your institution. Let
us know if the plans go through.

THE SPOKESMAN
REIDSVILLE, GEORGIA

I wish to thank you on behalf of our staff for the nice
Christmas card you sent us. Your magazine is steadily
improving. I read with interest “THE JIGGER YOU
PLUG TO PLAY.” We are still suffering with ear phones
here. The poem by Cecilia Baily, “Chimneys Have No
Numbers,” was not only humorous, it was also touching.
It was interesting to see how the Nativity is pictured in
other lands as in your article “Away In a Manger.” Is
your magazine going to stay the same size as your
Winter issue?
