---
id: "978"
title: "The Musician's Corner"
author: "ADAMS, Frederick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "21"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0023.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The
Musician's
Corner

by
Frederick Adams

Form is a term which has different meanings depending
on whether it occurs in the connection: “form IN
music, or “form OF music.” In the former term it has a
very general and loose significance, simply expressing the
basic fact that music, like all art, is not a chaotic con-
glomeration of sounds, but that it consists of sounds ar-
ranged in orderly manner according to numerous obvious
principles as well as to a still greater number of subtle
and hidden relationships which evade formulation. In this
meaning, form is so essential to music that it is difficult
to imagine a procedure by which it could be avoided. Even
the simplest melody shows relationships of pitch (inter-
vals), of time values (rhythm), of grouping (phrases),
etc. In other words, it has “form.”

In speaking of “forms OF music,” however, something
quite different and much more specific is meant, namely
the existence of certain schemes which govern the
structure-at-large of a composition.

As may well be expected, the ambiguity of the term —
an ambiguity which has by no means been made suf-
ficiently clear in numerous writings — has been the source
of numerous misunderstandings and somewhat futile ar-
gumentation. Much of this could be avoided if, in speak-
ing of a specific composition, a clear distinction were
made between the “form IN this composition” and the
“form OF this composition.” If we conceive of the sound-
material as a somewhat amorphous substance comparable
to the flesh and cells of a body, then form might be said
to represent the support by which this substance is held
and shaped, this support being of two kinds: one forming
a highly complicated inner structure comparable to the
bones and muscles (form IN a composition); the other
determining its outer contour, somewhat like the skin
(form OF a composition).

The term, forms OF music, means — or at least is
understood here to mean — the general principles and
schemes which govern the structure-at-large of a com-
position. In other words, a musical form is the plan of
construction — comparable to an architect's ground plan
— which exists in the mind of the composer when he sets
out to write a composition.

Following is a short list of the more clearly defined
forms which are found in classical music:

1. Single Forms

A. Repetition Forms:
(1) A A’ A” A'''* — Variation Form
(2) A A B B — Binery Form
(3) A A B A B A — Rounded Binery Form
(4) A A B A — Sonata Form
(5) A B A — Ternary Form
(6) A B A C A — Five-part Form
(7) A B A C A B A — Rondo Form
(8) A B A C A D — Rondeau
(9) Medieval Forms — Ballade, Virelai

B. Continuation Forms:
(1) Cantus-firmus Forms — Organun, Motet,
Chorale
(2) Imitative Forms — Motet, Ricercar,
Fugue

2. Compound Forms (consisting of various move-
ments)
A. Instrumental — Sonata, Concerto, Suite,
Tocatta
B. Vocal — Cantata, Mass, Passion, Oratorio,
Opera

Naturally this list is not complete or without serious de-
fects, and should be considered only as a general outline
illustrating the subject under discussion.

The forms of music that are used in Popular and Jazz
compositions are not as numerous as those in classical
compositions but by no means should they be considered
as less important. Those used most frequently are as
follows:

A. Blues (12 bars)

B. 32 Bar Song Forms:
(1) A A B A — Repetition Form
(2) A B A’ B’ or C — Variation Form
(3) A B A B — Turn-around Form
(4) A B C D — Straight Form

C. 64 Bar Song Form
(1) A A B A — Repetition Form

(* The dash indicates that the material has been slightly changed.)

D. 16 Bar Song Form
(1) A A B A — Repetition Form

There is no need to discuss the Blues Form, since this
was done thoroughly in a previous column of this
magazine.

The 32 Bar Song Forms are used more extensively than
the other forms and of these five, the Repetition Form (A
A B A)is the most common among the composers. In this
type of formal design the complete piece is 32 measures
in length. This form has 8 measures of material which is
repeated, 8 measures of new material, then the original
8 measures once again. This is represented by AA BA
(Illustration No. 1). The 8 measures of new material
(B) is most often referred to as the bridge or release, and
sometimes by the slang expression, guts. Some songs have
an additional few measures on the end called a coda or
tag (Illustration No. 2). The extra measures at the end
will vary in number but are usually 2, 4 or 8 measures.

Illustration No. 1


IIlustration No. 2

Examples of compositions that have the 32 Bar Song
Form are:

Over the Rainbow
Once in a While
What's New
Smoke Gets in Your Eyes
Mean to Me

Variations are to be found in this form. One example
is “Moonlight in Vermont” which has 6 bars repeated (A
A), an 8 bar bridge (B), then the original 6 bars of A
material plus a 2 bar tag (Illustration No. 3). Another is
“Midnight Sun” which has 14 bars repeated (A A), an
8 bar bridge(B), then the original 14 bars of A material
(Illustration No. 4).


Illustration No. 3


Illustration No. 4


Probably the next most used 32 Bar Form is the Varia-
tion Form (A B A’ B’ or C). This form has 8 measures of
material, 8 measures of new material, then the original
8 measures which has been slightly changed (the dash
(“) indicates the altered material) and the final 8 mea-
sures which is a repeat of B but also slightly altered. If
the B material is altered extensively, it should be labeled
C material (Illustration No. 5).

Ilustration No. 5


Examples of compositions in this form are:
Out of Nowhere
Embraceable You
Pennies From Heaven
What a Difference a Day Made
Day by Day

The next form is known as the Turn-around Form (A B
A B). It begins with 8 measures of material, 8 measures
of new material, the original first 8 measures are repeated
and then the second 8 measures are repeated (Illustration
No. 6).

Illustration No. 6


Examples of compositions in this form are:
The Preacher
Crescendo Date

The last of the 32 Bar Forms is the Straight Form. This
type of composition is rare; none of the sections are re-
peated. The only composition in this form that comes to
mind at the present time is “Stella by Starlight.”

In the next category, the 64 Bar Form, most composi-
tions are found to be the Repetition Form (A A B A).
Though others may be encountered, it would not be often
enough to list them. In this form we find that it is iden-
tical to the Repetition Form in the 32 Bar Form except
each section is 16 measures in length instead of 8 mea-
sures (Illustration No. 7).

Illustration No. 7


Examples of compositions in this form are:
The Song is You
Cherokee
Caravan
Love for Sale
Something Gotta Give

Variations will be found in this form, also. In the song,
“Zing, Went the Strings of My Heart,” the bridge is only
8 measures in length. In the song, “People Will Say We're
in Love,” the bridge is 8 measures and the last section
is 8 measures. Many compositions will be found to have
tags or codas, as in the 32 Bar Form.

The last category is the 16 Bar Form. Again we haye
the Repetition Form (A A B A) most commonly found. In
this form we have 4 measures of material which is re-
peated, 4 measures of new material, and then the original
4 measures once again (Illustration No. 8).

Illustration No. 8


Examples of compositions in this form are:
I Don’t Know Why
Gee, Baby, Ain’t I Good to You

The young musician will find that learning the basic
form of a composition helps him to better remember the
melody and harmonic scheme. Always keep in mind: The
more you know; the more you play.

I vaguely remember this little story (tale?) as actually
having happened. Anyway — it’s a gasser!
An elephant escaped from the zoo in a large
city and couldn’t be found. Several hours later
the police received a call from a woman who
obviously had never seen an elephant before.

“Quick,” she said, “there’s a monster tearing
up all the vegetables in my garden with his big
long tail.”

“What's he doing with them?” queried the
officer.

“He's... he’s... Oh, you wouldn't believe me
anyway, she replied, “so hurry up and get it out
of here.”
