---
id: "98"
title: "A Witness in Prison"
author: "Byitte, Rev. John"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "5"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0007.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
A Witness In Prison

By Rev. John Byitte
Baptist Chaplain

The Bible makes it plain that living the Christian
life is really never easy or cheap. In the free world
there is the opposition to a growing Christian in the
false pride and security of position and riches; be-
hind walls, there is the open brutal scorn from some
of one’s fellows, together with the daily tension and
pressure of a restricted life.

As Christ said, to follow Him means to deny
self, take up a cross daily, and stay with the One
whose completion of living the will of God brought
Him to the Cross. No matter our circumstances in
life, we can only find our strength by remembering
that that which looked like the end proved to be
the foundation on which His Eternal Kingdom was
to be built.

Most of those in trouble are perhaps willing to
tackle the difficulties of the Christian witness. They
are not frightened off. Yet these same men often
say, ‘‘A witness of my faith is impossible until I
get out of here and perhaps then I will be good
enough.’’ It is as if we have the courage but are
asking God to wait outside our lives until we think
we are good enough for Him to come in and start
working. If God’s love leads Him to say, ‘‘Now is
the time..." how far should we go in saying, “The
time is later.’

Easy or not, whether you think you are good
enough or not just because you happen to be in
trouble, the answer is that God wants your witness.
How witness in prison? There seems to be a mistak-
en idea about being a preacher and being a witness.
It is true that the preacher’s message should include
his witness, but inmates becoming preachers within
the institution have very seldom accomplished much
except resentment. Rather, when a man has found
God’s love and responded to it, he has begun to grow
in a way that man can never deny. His gratitude,
peace of mind and heart and his new strength become
a foundation to say something. God’s faithfulness
can be known by all those around us in the life we
lead, in the quiet example we set, in our growing
conviction and concern. He cared for us; we who
believe in Him will care for others. If the fellows
around us can see something of Christ in us, they
will be more willing to accept, not our preaching, but
our simple explanation of the hope and faith that
is in us-——an explanation which can help lead them
to a rich experience of their own.
