---
id: "983"
title: "The Egyptian Utiltarian"
author: "VALENTINO, Dominick"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "25"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0027.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
The Art Page
by
D. Valentino

The Egyptian Utilitarian

When compared with the countries of the old world,
America is very young. Our men and women have been
so occupied in developing the mines, fields, forests and
industries which produce the food, clothing and other
material needs of humanity, that they have had rela-
tively little time for the so called fine arts.

I feel that even now we are dependent upon Europe
for our best music and for the final touches in the educa-
tion of our native painters. This leads me to the ques-
tions most asked of me these past months. These
questions being: What is art? How can I tell which is
great art and what is not? These questions are always
being thrashed over by the artists, and they never agree to
any standard with which to determine the relative merits
of art. Nor can they, for our idea of art is always chang-
ing. What is beauty to the Japanese, is not beauty to
the German. What would appeal to you today, possibly
will not appeal to you ten years from now. What the
world calls beauty today, it might not call beauty a hun-
dred years from now. There might be developments of art
that are asleep in us, just as there was dormant talent
among the cave men and women.

Art then, to me, is a dream of the beautiful, which is
always changing as we change, and always improving as
we improve. Sure, we understand certain laws of sound; of
color; of line; of phrase, that govern our conceptions of
loveliness, but these too might one day change. Nature
is art; and the source of all true art is nature.

Let us go back, then, into the ages of the Egyptian era
and learn what we can of its art form. Although Egyptian
art was pictorial and endured for thirty centuries, it seem-
ed to have little effect outside of its own boundaries.
Magnificent in its isolation, relatively unchanging in its
taste, Egypt did not influence the ancient world as pro-
foundly as did the short-lived, Greek city-states. The
Egyptian painters possessed a fine decorative sense but
we now know that the ultimate purpose of their art was
utilitarian. To ensure the survival of the deceased soul,
the nobility of the times had portrait statues of them-
selves graven into exact likenesses, to accompany them
into the tomb. These images were to act as receptacles of
the soul in the event that their embalmed bodies failed to
outlast the ages. The Egyptians believed that in the ap-
propriate envelope, the soul could continue to exist and
enjoy. These statues, painted walls of the tombs and the
superbly decorated coffins were all of the utmost religious
and ‘hereafter’ purpose. Further, their method was one
of extremely literal readability, so that the painted
images vied in importance with hieroglyphic script.

The serious purpose, regular pattern and symmetrical
forms were somewhat relieved by gay color. Backgrounds
were pale with figures and detail rendered in richer and
somewhat strident contrasts of a few colors. Flat effect
was maintained by stress of outline and avoidance of
interior modeling. An exception to the latter occurred
when painting was applied to bas-relief but even here the
firm silhouettes overpowered any inner modeling. The
painters demonstrated such a fine decorative sense that
it is truly regretable that we have only tomb paintings
left and none of the painted murals of their houses and
public buildings. The reason for this was because the
paintings were done in tempra on various grounds, most
of them so fragile that most of the art has been lost since
its exposure to fresh air. The only way possible for the
archaeologists to break the centuries-old secrets of
Egypt's art form was by the discovery and entry of the
tombs of the Pharoahs with their holdings of all the tres-
ures of the past. Upon entering the tombs, they were able
to determine the working methods of the artists, as the
tomb paintings were rarely finished for one reason or an-
other. They viewed the actuality that was expressed in
figures by presenting the eye in full face. They could see
that the shoulders of all the figures were generally frontal
in order to be explicit about the limbs and to maintain
that favorite “hour glass” shape which emphasized the
symmetry of the human form.

Egyptian painting, then, delights us for its patternistic
organization and its intricacies of narration, but it never
seemed to achieve a transcendental effect, despite its
total pre-occupation with religious meaning. Theirs was
the exclusive form of art. I would even venture to say it
was exotic, strikingly unusual in its perspective and
grotesquely important to their dead. 
