---
id: "984"
title: "Who Is?"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0028.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
THE SPORT SECTION

by Edward J. Scoleri


WHO IS?

To finish the above title I should insert “What?” merely because 90 per-
cent of the guys in here have “What” they consider to be the absolute answer
in the realm of sports. Stumbling upon an article one day, I took particular in-
terest in the author's musing as to Who was, or is, humanity’s supreme athlete.”
This type of article wouldn’t have normally drawn my attention except that the
writer also posed the following question: “What constitutes an eligible
athlete?” It takes as much time to light a cigarette as it does to look up the
word “athlete” in a dictionary; but it doesn’t stop there.

Asking the question, “Who is the greatest athlete in recorded history.”
is — if not asinine — futile. Choice, in this subject, is a matter of taste; and
taste is indisputable. So, unless the god of talent would summon all of Valhalla’s
finest into one spectacular “compete,” the answer will never be known; however,
choice, taste, preference, or educated guess — nothing is entirely indisputable.
“Athlete is a derivative from the Greek word “Aethletes,” meaning to contest,
or contestant in games. War is not a game, thereby excluding warriors. Quite
naturally we eliminated all mythological characters. Samson was a warrior.
Excluded. Odin is of Norse mythology. Excluded. Got the picture? Well, who
is the greatest athlete humanity has to offer?

To satisfy myself | had to ask a question to locate an answer. Output?
Who put out the most? Who had the versatility to be qualified? The mag-
nificent Carlisle Indian — that’s who. Jim Thorpe championed more games
than any other known athlete. Thorpe won both the Pentathlon and the De-
cathlon competitions in the 1912 Olympics. Europe hailed him then (52 years
ago, as I do now), the greatest athlete in history.
