---
id: "985"
title: "Cuban Softball League"
author: "SCOLERI, Edward J."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "26"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0028.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Cuban Softball League

The Mustangs have taken the first-half. 
This particular team started off slowly, hav-
ing been beaten two out of three games by
the Dodgers. The Dodgers had a stacked
team, whose original lineup is hardly worth
mentioning. For the second-half it appears
as though the Braves will pose some stiff
competition, and the inexhaustible “King No
No,” with his fabulous array of pitches (to
name a few: The fade away, the presentation,
from the ankle riser, and the most ludicrous
of all, the Defiant Lob), will certainly keep
night yard-out entertained.

Frank Rouse really pulled a swindle! He
took advantage of the once manager of the
Dodgers, Zietz, by trading three of his play-
ers for the Dodger battery, Kalvitis and Horn-
er. Kalvitis went to the Mustangs and pro-
ceeded to win nine straight games, beating
the Dodgers twice. Before Kalvitis there was
Sammy Snyder and Dawkins doing the pitch-
ing. Snyder, who was last year’s MVP has
again proven himself exceedingly valuable.
Sammy’s a clutch hitter, who seldom lets
you down in the tight spots; he also plays a
comparatively good field, and is a mediocre
relief pitcher. Should Sammy leave here, the
Mustangs will surely sink in the runs depart-
ment.

MUSTANGS WON 15 — LOST 7

F. Rouse - Owner       C. Taylor
Lou McCloud - Mgr.     R. Gerlach
G. Dawkins - Capt.     W. Slempa
A. Morales             W. Horner
D. Reed                G. Kalvitis
J. Scoleri             E. Poleck
G. Miketish            R. Murphy

Two new additions to our league, Dawkins
and Moore, have certainly proven their worth.
Moore leaves something to be desired with
his hitting; but his speed more than compen-
sates for a few less hits. Chuck, Slempa,
Bobby, and Big Lou, are consistent ball play-
ers, who complement their team in all cate-
gories. It is my opinion that this team will
take the second-half, also.

FALCONS WON 10 - LOST 10

J. McNeair - Owner     R. Hawkins
N. Pearson - Mar.      B. Mullens
W. Smith - Capt.       D. Custalow
E. Brooks              J. Fisher
H. Zietz               T. Davis
L. Moore               B. Cantoral
J. O’Kane

The Falcons are a lively club that refuses
to accept defeat. Their captain, Lou McCloud,
sees to that. Eddie Brooks, the catcher, jab-
bers every inning of the way, and he seems
to be their spark plug. Chief Custalow was
traded, rumor has it, to make room for some-
one else on the Dodgers. So the Dodgers’
loss is the Falcons big RBI gain. Barney
startled the league with his wild swinging
bat and exemplary fielding on third base.
Norman is a changed ball player. His fielding
and throwing leaves nothing to be desired,
and he has hit on a consistent basis. McCloud
is still playing a commendable right field and
is stinging the ball. No No, who was instru-
mental in demoralizing the Dodgers, took his
team from last place to second in a few short
weeks. The King is simply not a defeatist.
With a couple of sticks and gloves, G. I. Joe
cai once more head the league.

DODGERS WON 10 - LOST 11

Noisey Baker - Owner & Mgr.
C. Negri - Capt.     Collins
Massanova            Kingsley
Walker               Fagan
Spike                Shep
Bordner              Rice

In all fairness, Noisy Baker cannot be
blamed for the type of baseball the Dodgers
have exhibited. The manager is usually the
scapegoat. Zietz fired Chief; let Pigmeat go;
traded our battery, and methodically ruined
what was once considered a stacked team.
This is the popular opinion and it is justified.

The best thing about the Dodgers is Joe
Massanova, Joe has become an accomplished
athlete. Because he is the best pitcher in the
institution (one tends to overlook his hitting).
Massanova pitches on the ALL STAR team
and performs his duty with the Dodgers sys-
tematically. He has finally developed a
change-up. One can imagine how awkward
one looks when expecting the fast ball, with
tense muscles, and then swings hopelessly at a
ball that is two feet out in front of you. All
the teams that visit here extoll Joe and prom-
ise him a future job. ‘Charley Negri, Fagin,
and Frankie, are all fine individual ball play-
ers (but certainly no kids). Lawson and Rice
are due to lift this team to its proper rating
at anytime now.

BRAVES WON 8 - LOST 15

Ernie - Owner     Rudy
F. Smith - Mgr.   Carl
Jack - Capt.      C. Brown
Booker            J. Alexander
Pigmeat           Arkansas
Bellis            Batman

Hamen has something brewing; however,
his team lacks youth. Dan, a southpaw speed-
ball pitcher, and “C. C.” are rotating on the
mound. Pigmeat, a former Dodger, is sta-
tioned at the hot corner. “Arkansas” got his
eye back and is in left field when not catch-
ing. Bellis, Rudi, Collins, and Jack the Bear
periodically spark, helping the win column.

Since Frank Smith has become captain of
this team, the Braves have played a better
brand of softball. But everybody wants to
know when he'll start to hit. As it stands now,
the most this team can hope to do, is irritate
the teams in contention. Ernie, the Braves’
owner, should scout for his own players. Next
year’s season is only nine months away.
