---
id: "987"
title: "Mustangs Capture Championship Title"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0029.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Mustangs Capture
Championship Title

Rather than going through the four rosters
and describing each bal! player’s merits, (or
as a particular guy from Gloucester, who has
demerits galore) I shall give an account of a
Mustang ys. Falcons game which decided
once and for all (this season), which team
would carry the Championship banner through
1965.

The Mustangs won the decisive game which
ruled out the necessity of a play-off. Miktish
deserves a lot of credit for his exceptional!y
shrewd brand of pitching; however, it is only
fair to say that the Mustangs were a defen-
sive team with the best infield in the insti-
tution. Many of their games were won by
one run.

MUSTANGS VS. FALCONS

Lou McCloud, the player-manager, had his
gang keyed-up for this important game with
the Falcons; but the pressure was undoubt-
edly on ex-king, No-No. The game was
played on the beautiful night of August 23,
1964, and the Mustangs were the home
team. “G. I. Joe” McNesair, the Falcon owner,
splurged a smile cf confidence which took
the Mustangs ten full innings to wipe off
him.

In the bottom of the first inning, Chuck
Taylor grounded out to Barney on third base.
Scoleri, batting second, hit a ball through
Barney, then stole second. Murphy grounded
out to short-stop Hawkins. With two outs,
Dawkins hit a line drive double off the left-
center wall to score Scoleri. Horner ended the
inning with a fly ball to center. In the top of
the fourth, No-No grounded out to third.
Borkos followed and got on by an error. He
stole second. Hawkins f.ied out to left. Moore,
with two outs, hit a single ailowing Brooks
to score. Chief came to bat and hit a single
to keep the rally going. Lou drew a wa‘k to
Isad the bases. Barney failed to capita‘ize
and popped-up to Chuck at shortstop.

The Mustangs didn’t pose another threat
till the seventh, when Scoleri led off with a
single and stole second. Murphy hit a long
fly advancing Scoleri to third. No-No, Nor-
man, and G. I. Joe put their keads together
and decided to intentionally walk, first
Dawkins, then Horner. With one out and
bases loaded, Slempa hit a solid line drive to
Zeitz, who threw to Barney, doubling Sco-
leri off base.

In the ninth, the Falcons had their chance
and muffed it. Norman led off with a single.
No-No followed with another single advancing
Norman to third — where he died. The Fal-
cons failed to score Norman and lost in the
tenth inning of a very exciting game. Morales,
Cherry Hili’s Cookie Rojas, started the tenth
(or ended it) with a clean singie to right,
and stole second. No-No intentionally walked
Dawkins. Horner attempted a bunt and
popped up. Brooks caught the ball and threw
to first for a double play. No-No elected to
walk Slempa to pitch to Big Lou McCloud.
What a mistake that was! With two outs,
two men on base, in the bottom of the tenth,
Lou McCloud, a true clutch hitter, smashed a
ball to left-center enabling Morales to score
the second and winning run. Somebody asked
McCloud what No-No threw him. With every
tooth in his mouth showing, Lou answered,
“A soft ball.”
