---
id: "989"
title: "Storehouse League"
author: "SCHAEFFER, William H."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "27"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0029.jpg"
tags: "sports"
layout: "item"
---
Storehouse League
by Wm. H. Schaeffer

Joe Berry           Commissioner
Wait Cleater     Official Scorer
William H. Schaeffer      Umpire
Tommy Williams            Umpire

     METS                 LYNX
R. Weeks - Owner    R. Kingsley - Owner
G. Collins - Mgr.   N. Dupree - Mgr.
Brown - Capt.       K. Thornton - Capt.
Morgan              R. Taylor
Bradley             E. Johnson
J. Butler           R. Quigley
R. Whichard         G. Futch
Booker              W. Kuffman
Massey              J. Land
T. Brumskill        D. Redding
Snyder              W. Holmes
Conners             Lockheart
R. Murphy           R. Quick
Goodie              J. Allen
Riley Floyd         Portor
Al. White           Glasshofer
R. LaRue            Rutledge
E. Easely

   CARDINALS            RANGERS
J. Downs - Mgr.     G. Futch - Owner
M. Smith            Miketish - Mar.
Rooster A.          LaRue - Capt.
Easely              G. Gray
B. Kelly            R. Johnson
Champ               G. Richardson
D. Mullon           G. Force
W. Brown            J. Davidson
D. Duffy            Binns
G. Hunter           T. Hopkins
W. Huginnis         A. White
M. Harris           Winters
B. Clarkson         Beiland
J. Alexander        E. Dease

With the Soft Ball season upon us, the Lynx
find themselves leading the league with a
record of 18 - 5. The Rangers are in second
place with a 16 - 7 record, followed by the
Mets at 12 and 11. The Cardinals bring up
tke rear. The Lynx, with Walkie Talkie doing
nearly all the pitching, seem to have the
first half sewed up, unless arguments and dis-
sension can break up the team. In my duties
as umpire in this league, I’ve noticed owner
Kingsley bend over to satisfy some of his play-
ers. Big Carl Thornton, the captain, and
Dupree, the manager, are very good hustling
ball players along with Hank, Winnie, Holmes,
and the departed, “Moses Stoogie.” But the
Lynx will need all the hustle to beat out the
Rangers and Mets. The Rangers would prob-
ably be higher if they could get LaRue to lay
aside his horn and appear for the crucial
games, especially against the Mets and Lynx.
LaRue seems to have a habit of not appearing
for Saturday and Sunday games, and the Ran-
gers do need his catching and stick work.
Ancient Johnson, 64 years young, holds down
first base and catches and never enough can
be said for him; he plays hard and long. He
recently caught a doubleheader against the
Mets. Hustling Richardson, Lump, Hammer
White, Owner Futch, ever present Lightning,
Binns, and Reds Davidson, make up the bulk
of Rangers.

George Miketish does all the pitching for
the Rangers; in fact, he does a very good job.
I’m sure he leads the league in strikeouts
and carries a very good bat.

The Mets seem to be coming on real strong,
especially after the addition of the league’s
best catcher and third baseman, Booker
doing the catching with Jesse at third. Gill
Collins has the team rolling for owner Weeks.
Brownie and Morgan share pitching. Teasy
in corner — Goodie, Al White, Easley and the
rest I’m sure are on the move. The Cardinals,
with Little Matt Smith taking over, are be-
ginning to look like a team, with Rooster and
Downs doing the pitching. They lack sticks
and a few glove men; but !’m sure they will
be around fighting for the second half. At
least I’m sure the majority of the guys would
rather see a real tight league. I’m sure more
games would turn out better if a few of the
players would play ball, rather than argue over
this decision and that, etc. It would make for
a more interesting game and better league.
