---
id: "99"
title: "If You Employ Men You Are: Wanted By the Prison Department"
author: "HEINEMANN, Robert D."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Heinemann, Robert D."
year: "1956"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "1"
issue: "4"
_page: "6"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1956_body0008.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
IF YOU EMPLOY MEN YOU ARE:
WANTED
BY THE PRISON DEPARTMENT

by ROBERT D. HEINEMANN

Four years after being sentenced for Robbery,
Robert M. sat in his prison cell and wondered,
‘‘What’s to become of them!’’ His wife, who had
refused to visit him or answer his letters since his
conviction, sat in another room in another city and
wondered, ‘‘What’s to become of us!’’ And after
considering the plight she and her children faced—
a husband gone wrong, a home lost, finances de-
pleted—she came to a conclusion: ‘‘That’s all.
I’ve had it!’’

Too angry and hurt to contact him during his
imprisonment and too tired to wait for him should
he one day come back to her, she flatly announced
her intention, divorce, to Robert’s step-mother.

Now it was his step-mother who sat in her room
and thought, ‘‘What’s to become of them!’’ Her
conclusion was, ‘‘I mustn’t let it happen!’’

And so she went to see Envoy Elmer Prynn who
happened to be sitting at work in his office at the
701 No. Broad St. Philadelphia Salvation Army.

Why Envoy Prynn? Had she heard that the 8.
A. had a Prison Department and that, for this South-
eastern Pa. Division, Envoy Prynn was Secretary?

I really don’t know her reason, but it is obvious
that she couldn’t have made a wiser choice. As it
turned out, Prynn contacted the wife and persuaded
her to give her husband another chance. Further,
he informed her that her wait for his release might
possibly be shortened by her representing him on an
appeal for clemency.

But even so, were clemency to be granted, men
still don’t waltz out of Pennsylvania prisons. As
we prisoners know all too well. They must first
have approved parole plans. A job, a home to go
to, and a parole advisor. Three things so difficult
for many men in prison to obtain that over the state
literally hundreds are held over their release dates
solely because of an inability to procure one or all
three.

Consider, there in your own chair: you are for
the moment a private employer, a man we will call
William Sandy has finished serving many years for
a series of burglaries. Years spent in the isolation
of a maximum security prison. Who can he know,
anymore? Who can know him? He would like you
to offer him the chance of employment to complete
his parole plan. Why does he contact you, of all
people? Well, l mean you may sympathize with the
man, but how on earth can you take a chance on such
an unknown quantity who is also a branded criminal.

How can you? Well, I’ll tell you how. Simply
by getting in touch with the prison authorities, to
whom Sandy is very much a known quantity, you
can easily learn enough about the man to make a
businesslike decision in his regard. Or, on the other
hand, you can rather ‘‘take your chance’’ with
Envoy Prynn, because Prynn, in fact, KNEW all
about Sandy: his record, his background, the man
himself. And he understood the predicament of an
employer such as yourself. He knew that Sandy’s
pleas had been refused by employers more often
than not because they knew nothing about the man
and either did not know how to go about finding
out, or had not the time to care to do so. So he took
Sandy out to live and work at the Salvation Army
until one, ike yourself, opened a job for the man.
Now said employer states, ‘‘We have complete con-
udence im Mir Sandy. And) further as to oun
man’s competence, ‘‘He is the best we ever had.’’
Today, still with the same company, Bill Sandy has
been placed in complete charge of a department and
has served out his parole.

Says Envoy Prynn, ‘‘Yes, I knew the wife’s
problem in the case of Robert M. would not end
with his possibly being granted clemency. The man
needed a parole plan in order to meet the require-
ments for release. His own home was gone. He
had no job prospects. In his particular case, his
step-mother could provide a temporary home for
Robert and his wife and family. But there was
still the marital discord and the lack of a job to go
to. The dissension between wife and husband did
not prove unsolvable.’’

Realizing that the lack of a job became the last
major obstacle, you might wonder how Prynn met
the challenge in this case.

“Well, the Army has several ways of helping
provide employment. We’re used to the tough cases.
Emerald Ed, and you know his real nickname, trot-
ted in and out of prisons for a period of 25 years.
On face value, a habitual criminal. We had
faith in him, although others said he wouldn’t stay
out a year We took him: with us at the Avmy,
hotel for 12 months. He couldn’t chisel his way
through life at that place, so he learned to work.

Later, we referred him to a packing house and he’s
still doing a tremendous job there. At first, re-
member, no private employer would touch him.
Which is just the way it was with Sandy, and which
is just what makes a tough case all the tougher.

‘On the other hand, we’re blessed in having
private employers willing to work hand in hand
with us from the outset. I mean, after all, the
Army is in the prisons. The prisons are loaded
with men ready for release, most of them willing to
work and deserving of the chance, but stymied in
their return to society for lack of jobs. We know
who these deserving cases are. They only need a
working chance to prove themselves. Naturally,
we can’t take all of them out to work at our hotels
and buildings, as we did Emerald Ed, but we do have
employers who have faith in our judgment and who
will accept our choices directly upon release from
prison. It was one of these employers who provided
the job offer for Robert M.

‘But don’t get me wrong: we don’t have
enough such employers, not by any means. We
could use at least 20 more such men a year, willing
to accept the parolees we select. Parolees like
Robert.”’

At what risk to themselves?

“At almost mo risk at all. | mean, of course,
only God can know, but we have years of experience
in helping social outcasts, including those that men
eall criminals. Really doubtful cases, we would
of course keep with us, working at the Army until
they proved themselves. Most of the others, while
working with private companies would be under our
parole sponsorship and probably living with us. The
burden of guidance and supervision would be on the
parole authorities and on the Army, never at any
time on the parolee’s employer.

“Figure, too, that our record in this prison
work is reassuring even to the most pessimistic.
89% success on an over-all figure of 842 in just the
last 8 years work in this division means that about
700 of our selections never returned to prison for
any reason. When you deduct from the 11% fail-
ures those who ran afoul of the law while working
for the Army agency rather than at a private com-
pany, and, too, all those who were returned to prison
for technical violations of parole rules only, not in-
volving any new crime, then that percentage dwin-
dles to a fantastically low figure. In fact, the
chances of a private employer being hurt by our
parolees is probably less than what he might suffer
in the normal hazards of hiring men with no criminal
records whatever.

‘It’s a good field we in the Prison Department
are in. There’s work being done, there’s good
work crying to get done. As I said, if we had just
20 new men a year willing to hire our selections. .
well, that’s our prayer.”’

But what did finally happen to Robert M.?

The wife, at the suggestion of Envoy Prynn,
did represent her husband in his appeal for clemency.
Which appeal was granted one year later on the
basis of her interest and need and his outstanding
prison record. And Envoy Prynn did provide a
parole plan for Robert which included a job for him
at a Steel Mill.

But all that was several years ago.

Today, still. at- the same mill, Robert M. is
presently in charge of the boiler house and returns
at evening to his wife and children living in—their
own home once again, but a changed home. Thus,
an outstanding work record, a renewed marriage,
and a home, in great part made possible for an ex-
convict through the Salvation Army Prison Depart-
ment,—a project which began with a step-mother’s
approach to Envoy Prynn and which could end so
well only because a private employer gave a parolee
the chance to show his sincerity.
