---
id: "991"
title: "Chess News"
author: "Pearson, Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "29"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0031.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
CHESS NEWS
by Martin J. Pearson

The Championship team finished in 8th
place out of a field of nine, winning one
match (Pawn Club), drawing one (University
of Pennsylvania), and losing six matches.
The overall play was much better than last
season, and the coming year will see this team
making a strong bid for the City Champion-
ship.

The big battle in his section eccurred in the
8th round when last year’s winners, Post £396,
met Franklin-Mercantile. Franklin, fielding
their strongest team in many a year, clob-
bered #396 by 414 to 12, thereby cinching the
City Championship.

The following game illustrates the caliber
of play in this section. It was played on the
1st Board during the ESP-Franklin Match,
pitting Chess Master B. Keltz of Franklin
against M. Pearson of ESP.

   WHITE        BLACK
 B. Keltz    M. Pearson
  (F-M)         (ESP)

 1. P-K4        P-K4
 2. N-KB3       N-QB3
 3. B-N5 (a)    P-QR3 (b)
 4. B-R4 (c)    N-B3
 5. O-O         B-K2 (d)
 6. Q-K2 (e)    P-QN4 (f)
 7. B-N3        P-Q3
 8. P-B3        O-O
 9. P-KR3 (g).  N-QR4 (h)
10. B-B2        P-B4
11. P-Q4        Q-B2
12. R-Q1        B-Q2
13. PxKP (i)    PxP
14. QN-Q2       B-B3 (j)
15. N-B1        N-N2 (k)
16. N-N3 (1)    P-N3 (m)
17. B-R6 (n)    KR-Q1
18. Q-K3 (o)    N-K1 (p)
19. OK          B-B3
20. N-R2        B-N2
21. N-N4        B-Q2 a)
22. Bx          BxN
23. PxB (r)     NxB (s)
24. N-B1 (t)    N-K3
25. P-KN3       RxR
26. RxR         R-Q1
27. N-K3        RxRch (u)
28. QxR         Q-Q3
29. N-Q5 (v)    N-B2
30. P-N5        NxN
31. PxN (w)     K-N2
32. P-QR4       P-R3
33. PxPch       KxP
34. PxP         PxP
35. Q-K2        P-N5 (x)
36. PxP         PxP
37. Q-N5        N-Q1
38. Q-B4        Drawn (y)

(a) The Ruy Lopez is considered to be the
strongest continuation for the White pieces.
The basic idea is an attack on the King’s
pawn. Frem this concept develops a_ bitter
struggle for the Center, elaborate strategic
plans and rapid fire tactics. White secures a
sound position with an initiative that lasts
well into the middle game. Black has several
adequate defenses, but must be careful how
he proceeds, for one false move and the game
is over before he gets his feet off the ground,
or else ke will be saddled with a cramped
position.

(b) Known as “putting the question to the
Bishop.” White now has the choice of cap-
turing the Knight or retreating.

(c) The only good move. A retreat along the
original diagonal would have presented Black
with a move and practically solved his opening
problems. Of course, 4. BxN, QPxB; 5. NxP
is refuted by Q-Q5 or Q-N4.

(d) NxP is the Tarrasch Defense or Open
Game. White eventually recovers the pawn.

(e) The Worrall Attack in which White
desires the Rook at Q1 and builds for either
an attack on the Queen side or in the Center.
In this game White attempts to post a Knight
at Q5, but has difficulty in doing so. When
ke finally attains his goal, the Knight is swiftly
uprooted.

(f) Necessary as White threatens to win the
King pawn by 7. BxN, QPxB; 8. NxP, Q-Q5;
9. N-KB3, QxP; 10. QxQ, NxQ; 11. R-K1
and Black loses a piece.

(g) White’s plans are now clear. He does
not wich to follow through with the accepted
theories of the Worrall Attack, but plans to
proceed with the method used against the
Tcxigorin Defense only with the Queen and
Rook reversing roles. This has a drawback as
will be seen.

(h) Not so much attacking the Bishop, but
freeing the Bishop pawn and making B2 ayail-
able for the Queen.

(i) The drawback mentioned previously.
White wants to develop his Queen’s Knight
but must clarify the situation in the Center
before doing so, for if 13. QN-Q2, BPxP;
14. PxP, QxB costs a piece. In the main line
of theTchigorin White can develop the Knight
at this point because the Queen protects the
Bishop. Now he must either trade off his
Queen’s pawn or advance it. Advancing the
pawn would deprive him of the Q5 square for
his Knight; therefore, he eliminates his
Queen’s pawn.

(j) Black will not give up the square with-
out a battle.

(k) Bringing the Knight back into action and
presenting White with a difficult problem.
Up to this point each side has used ten min-
utes for their moves. Now White ponders 50
minutes before making his 16th move. This
is the critical position.

(1) Playing N-K3 would deprive the King’s
pawn of needed protection. Could White
maintain the initiative by playing N-K3? That
is the big question and the reason White
spent 50 minutes before making his move.
For example: 17. N-K3, NxP (not BxP be-
cause of 18. BxB, NxB; 10. N-Q5 and Black
loses a piece); 18. N-B5, and (a) 18...
N-B3; 19. NxP and White has some initiative
but it is doubtful that he can force a win;
(b) 18... N/2-Q3; 19. NxP, NxN; 20. BxN
BxB; 21. QxB, B-B3, 22. QxN, BxN and the
position would be too symmetrical for winning
chances. Therefore, White chose the next
move and was forced to abandon his idea of
posting a Knight a Q5, at least for the time
being.

(m) Keeping the Knight out of B5 and pre-
paring to place either the Bishop or Knight
at KN2.

(n) With this, and the following move,
White intends to take advantage of Black’s
intention to place the Bishop at N2, but again
his plans are frustrated.

(o) White threatens 19. N-B5, and if PxN,
then 20. Q-N5ch, K-R1; 21. Q-N7 mate.

(p) Serves two purposes: (1) preparing to
accept the Knight if it goes to B5; (2) to en-
able the Bishop to reach N2 via the B3 square.
If instead of N-K1, Black has played B-B1,
White would reply with 19. BxB, KxB; 20. Q-
R6ch, and Black is in trouble.

(q) Black makes overtures to win a piece,
BxN followed by BxB.

(r) White attempts to get something out of
the position. His idea is to advance the pawn
to N5, cramping Black’s King position.

(s) This Knight is headed for K3 with an eye
for B5.

(t) White sees his chance to post the Knight
at Q5, but to no avail.

(u) Elimination of the Rooks deprives White
of all attacking possibilities.

(v) At last!

(w) On 31. QxN, QxQ; 32. PxN, N-K3
Black would have a won end game by elimina-
ting the advanced King Knight pawn, playing
P-B4, maneuvering the King to K2 and sub-
stituting it for the Knight at K3, then shifting
the Knight into position for winning the pawn.

(x) The last critical position: (1) On 35...
QxP; 36. QxP White would obtain a dangerous
passed pawn on the Queen side; (2) During
post game analysis, White thought Black's
best was 35... P-B5; and if 36. P-N3, then
Q-R6 with counter chances. Black pointed
out the continuation 37. Q-K3ch, K-N2; 38.
PxP and White has all the play. After further
discussion, it was concluded that the text
move was best.

(y) The position is sterile. Neither side can
afford to expose his King while the Queens are
on the board; therefore, both would have to
make non-committal moves.

RESERVE SECTION

The Reserve Team finished a respectable
5th place, out of 11 teams, as Marple-Newton
ran away with first place. Actually the team
should have finished higher, but “lackadaisi-
cal’ play on the part of several members re-
sulted in matches being lost that should have
gone in the victory column. We look forward
to this team finishing in first place next
season.

Charles White, playing 2nd Board, led the
team with a 7-3 score. Next season he will
play 3rd Board on the Championship Team
and will find the competition stiffer. Concen-
trated study on his part will make him one
of ESP’s strongest players.

The following game illustrates his playing
ability as he tackles an opening unfamiliar
to him.


BIRD‘S OPENING

  WHITE        BLACK
J. Schwab    C. White
 (CASTLE)      (ESP)

1. P-KB4 (a)      N-QB3 (b)
2. N-KB3          P-Q3
3. P-K3 (c)       P-K4
4. B-N5 (d)       B-N5 (e)
5. P-Q3 (f)       N-B3 (g)
6. P-K4           B-K2
7. O-O            O-O
8. BxN            PxB
9. PxP.           N-Q2
10. B-B4 (h)      PxP
11. B-N3 (i)      P-KB4
12. PxP           RxP
13. N-Q2          B-B4ch
14. B-B2          Q-K2
15. BxB           QxBch
16. K-R1          QR-KBI
17. N-K4 (j)      Q-K6
18. Q-Q2          RxN (k)
19. RxR (l)       RxR
20. QxQ (m)       RxQ
21. P-KR3         B-B4
22. N-QB3         R-N6
23. K-N1          R-N3 (n)
24. K-B2          N-QB4
25. N-K2          R-KB3
26. K-N1          P-K5
27. PxP           BxP
28. P-QB3         N-Q6
29. R-Q1          R-B7
30. Resigns

(a) Bird’s Opening, named after H. E. Bird,
English Master, who popularized the opening
in the 19th Century. The basic idea is control
of the K5 square and other vital Black
squares. Its main drawback is the weakened
King field, failure to maintain a hold on the
Center and lack of cooperation between the
pieces. Black's usual reply is either P-Q4 or
N-KB3, treating the opening as a Dutch De-
fense Reverse. In the game, Black shows on
the first move his lack of knowledge con-
cerning this opening.

(b) Black aims to play P-K4. This is one of
Black’s objectives against the Bird, but he
only achieves it after proper preparation.

(c) P-Q4 would be most powerful in this
position, for if Black continues with his plan
by playing an immediate P-K4, then White
wins a pawn with P-Q5 and PxP. The player
of the White pieces at one time was a strong
player, but has been inactive for a number
of years. This is evident in his play.

(d) White threatens BxNch, followed by
PxP.

(e) Black ignores White’s threat! He should
play B-Q2 or PxP, with preference for the
former. For example: 4 . . . B-Q2; 5. BxN,
BxB; 6. PxP, PxP; 7. NxP, Q-R5ch; 8. P-N3,
Q-K6 and White is lost. If the Rook moves the
Knight falls, White must lose material. If he
tries 9. Q-R5, then QxRch; 10. K-K2, Q-N7ch;
11. K-Q3, B-K5ch; 12. K-B3, B-N3; 13. NxB,
Q-B3ch; 14. K-Q3, O-O-Och; 15. K-K2, QxN
and Black wins.

(f) White intends P-K4 and prevents P-K5.
However, BxNch followed by PxP would have
left Black with a permanent weak pawn posi-
tion which could be sufficiently exploited to
insure White a win.

(g) This is too much. Black ignores White
completely. Probably N-K2 followed by P-QR3
getting rid of the Bishop would be better.
True, it would temporarily block the King’s
Bishop, but something should be done about
White's attack.

(h) White passes up a pawn because of an
eventual N-K5. He should have played PxP
followed by Q-K1.

(i) B-K3 would be more to the point.

(j) P-KR3 would force an exchange of pieces
and enable White to take advantage of
Black’s weakened pawn positicn.

(k) Flashy, but should only net a pawn.

(l) White goes astray. 19. PxR! BxPch (if
RxP, then QxQ followed by K-N2 and White
wins); 20. RxB, RxR (On QxRch, then Q-N2);
21. QxQ, RxQ; 22. R-KB1, R-K7; 23. R-B2
and again White should be able to exploit
Black’s weak pawn position for a win. Black
is a pawn ahead, but this is nullified by his
doubled, isolated Queen’s Bishop pawns, and
isolated King and Rook pawns.

(m) PxR would be disastrous because of
BxPch and White would have to part with his
Queen.

(n) Black could return the piece with BxRP,
for if 24. K-R2, RxPch; 25. KxB, RxP, he
would then be three pawns to the gocd and
should win.

SOCIAL MATCHES

The club engaged in three social matches
at the beginning of summer, winning one
(81%4 - V2 over the Royal Knights), drawing
one (Post #396) and losing one (2 - 7 Bucks
County Chess Club). Arrangements are being
made for other matches for the remaining
summer months.

ONE HOUR LEAGUE

The PCA has inaugurated a new league
which will begin operation this summer. It
will consist of six-men teams, with every team
player meeting everyone on the opposing
team. Each player will have 40 minutes to
complete all their moves. A team’s standing
in the league, will be determined on the basis
of points scored from individual games, rather
than on the basis of matches won or lost. A
single match will be worth 36 points. This
will make interesting play, since the regular
league games are timed for 50 moves in two
hours for each player.
