---
id: "992"
title: "Chess Banquet"
author: "Pearson, Martin"
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "31"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0033.jpg"
tags: "chess"
layout: "item"
---
CHESS BANQUET
by Martin J. Pearson

The evening of April 27, 1964 will be re-
membered by the members of the ESP Chess
Club for a mighty long time. What makes
this date so important? Besides being the
occasion of the 5th Annual Chess Banquet,
it marked the first celebration of a victory
in the City League tournaments by one of our
teams. YES, THE ESP CHESS CLUB WAS
CROWNED THE INDUSTRIAL LEAGUE
CHAMPIONS OF 1964!

Festivities got under way with a dinner of
steaks, french fries, peas hot rolls, salad, jelly
roll and coffee. The guests were served in the
Officer’s Mess and the club members in the
prison dining hall.

Because of the absence of Alfred T. Rundle,
superintendent, who had to attend a meeting
at another institution, Joseph R. Brierley,
deputy superintendent, opened the proceed-
ings. He expressed pride in being here among
the inmates and guests on this grand occasion;
congratulated the inmates for the way they
carried themselves when meeting and com-
peting with visitors from the outside; stated
that they earned the respect and friendship
of all their guests. He concluded his opening
speech by saying, “Regardess of the event-
ual outcome of our matches, I feel that you
fellows emerge the winners every time.”

INDUSTRIAL LEAGUE AWARDS

John F. Harbison, architect and designer
of the John F. Harbison Trophy, presented
the Industrial League Trophy to Martin J.
Pearson, team captain, congratulating him
on the fine play and effort of the team in
winning the Championship. He also expressed
a desire to play chess as well as the team cap-
tain. His presentation and congratulatory
speech was received with a tremendous ova-
tion.

The team captain then held the trophy
high over his head so that all present received
a good view. He gave a short acceptance
speech stating that this was the first but not
the last trophy; that next year the club would
not only repeat their performance in the
Industrial League, but was going all out for
victory in both the Championship and Re-
serve Sections.

The captain then introduced the remaining
members of the champion team. Each mem-
ber received an ovation as he proceeded to the
head of the dining hall to shake hands with
the team captain and receive the trophy. The
members of the Industrial League Champion-
ship team are:

1st Board - Martin J. Pearson
2nd Board - Leonard Massey
3rd Board - John J. Walker
4th Board - Allen Colbert
5th Board - Thomas Williams

Alfred Suarez, first vice-president of the
Philadelphia Chess Association, then pre-
sented to Martin J. Pearson, a trophy from
the PCA for the outstanding performance of
the Industrial Team in garnering ten straight
victories in their march to the championship.

John Chambers, of Blue Cross-Blue Shield,
presented Allen Colbert with a trophy for be-
ing the outstanding player in the industrial
League. Colbert went through the tourna-
ment undefeated and untied.

DISTINGUISHED GUESTS

The Philadelphia Chess Association and the
institutional staff were well represented at
the affair. Besides those already mentioned,
present were: Edward Strehle, president of the
PCA, and regional vice-president of the U. S.
Chess Federation; Bill Ray and Warren Lyle
of Bill Ray’s Chess Club; Charles Van Winkle
of Blue Cross; Anthony Miline, Philadelphia
Electric; Ray Controne, Pawn Club; Ross
Nickel, Philadelphia Rifle Club; Alex Agre;
Franklin-Mercantile, and James V. McGee
of the Philadelphia Bulletin.

The institutional staff was represented by
Thomas Graham, director of treatment; Mor-
ton Jensen, vocational director; psychologists
Joseph Maher and Anthony Andrews; Charles
Cammarota, social service director, and
Joseph McBride, senior parole counsellor.

All the guests gave short speeches express-
ing pleasure at being present at the affair.
James V. McGee, reporter from the Philadel-
phia Bulletin, expressed amazement at the
achievement of the Chess Club and stated
that in his opinion this was the one activity
that was actually accomplishing something.

CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP AWARDS

Deputy Superintendent Joseph R. Brierley,
then presented certificates for outstanding
performances in the Club Championship
Tournament, to the following:

Best Performance by an Unrated Player -
Al White

Best Performance by a D Class Player -
William Barnes

Best Performance by a C Minor Player -
Milton Bowers

Best Performance by a C Major Player -
Leon Gardner

Best Performance by a B Class Player-
Joseph Antoniewicz

2nd Place in Championship Tournament -
Joseph Antoniewicz

1964 ESP Chess Club Champion -
Martin J. Pearson

AWARDS FOR OUTSIDE COMPETITION

Certificates were presented to the follow-
ing for outstanding performances in the City
League Tournaments, and for the three best
played games:

Best Performance on the Industrial League
Team - Allen Colbert

Best Performance on the Reserve Section
Team - Charles White

Best Performance on the Championship
Section Team - Martin J. Pearson

1st Brilliancy Prize - Leonard Massey
2nd Brilliancy Prize - Charles White
3rd Brilliancy Prize - Leonard Massey


Mr. Brierley closed the evening by reiter-
ating his joy for the achievements of the team
and wishing them good luck in the coming
season.
