---
id: "994"
title: "The Dignity of Man-Psalm VIII 3-4"
author: "WILLIAMS, Rev. Nathaniel L."
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Miller, Edward T."
year: "1964"
month: "12 Winter"
day: ""
volume: "10"
issue: "2"
_page: "32"
image: "eastern_echo_winter1964_body0034.jpg"
tags: ""
layout: "item"
---
THE DIGNITY OF MAN - PSALM VIII: 3-4

Chaplain Nathanial L. Williams

It is the marvel of God’s choice of man to
be the chief revelation of Himself and His
representation on earth, that constitutes the
theme of this Psalm. Man, then, and not
nature is the central thought in the poet's
mind. It is the contemplation of the heavens
with all of their wealth of mystery and mag-
nificence which by the law of contrast, has
turned His gaze to man. Nature is wonderful
as the reflection of God’s glory, but man is
more wonderful still.

The title attributes the Psalm to David an
Old Testament scholar with great unanimity
at least its Davidic authorship. David is sup-
posed to have composed this song as a shep-
herd on the plains of Bethlehem. The Christ-
ian has singled out this Psalm as proper for
Ascension Day, for it is in the Ascension of
our Lord that we see man, in the person of
His perfect representative, “Crowned with
glory and honor.”

The Psalmist looks away from the fall of
man with its heritage of woe, from the sin
and failure and rebellion of mankind, to man’s
nature, and position, and destiny in the orig-
inal purpose of God, and he was justified in
doing so.

The image of God in man is defaced by
sin, but not destroyed. The grant of domin-
ion is not abrogated, but only modified.
Prophets and apostles look steadily toward the
restoration of man’s destined revelation to
God and creation. For God’s purposes are not
frustrated by man’s sin, and thus the Psalm
is virtually a real prophecy. lt finds its ful-
fillment in the incarnation when Ged took
flesh and exalted it above all things.

Picture the Psalmist gazing into the vast
and immense heavens on a starlit night. Such
beauty, such sublimity, such glory, such im-
mensity would rightly produce the dialectic
in the words of the Psalm.

The bigness of the heavens and the little-
ness of man. By contrast, man is so frail, so
weak, so impotent, so small, so mortai; the
first feeling is an overpowering sense of man’s
insignificance in the present of the vastness
and splendor. The mysterious depth and the
exceeding glory of the heavens as seen at
night. Compare the vastness of the heavens
with the littleness of man; the duration of
creation with the fugitiveness of man “One
generation goeth and another cometh, but
the earth abideth forever.” The Psalmist
felt this dialectic without the assistance of
the telescope. Today astronomic science with
its Giant of Palomar, has greatly aggravated
the whole matter. So much until it has led
all thought of depreciation of man’s ncture,
place, and destiny in the total scheme of
things.

As a result of myriads of new systems in the
universe and, as a result of concept of infin-
ity, space, man is regarded by some as but
an infinitesimal speck, a mere atom in seeth-
ing things vortex of electrical energy. Ac-
cording to theoretical physics man is a storm
of electron in sub-ether. According to chem-
ical science man can be purchased by less
than one American dollar. Philosophical ma-
terialism would make man out to be a physical
or physiological organism, with thought being
regarded as the secretion of brain juice. Be-
havioristic psychology describes man as a
bundle of muscle movement or the action of
neurones. He has no soul, no mind, no con-
sciousness aS a separate entity. Economics
informs us that man’s worth is about $4,500
since this is all the average earns in forty
years of work over and above what it takes to
feed and clothe him. Totalitarianism finds in
man no intrinsic value or reality as an individ-
ual Popular infidelity describes man as ‘a sick
fly on the cosmic wheel of the universe,” or
“an incurable wart on the cosmic framework.”

Those are some of the answers to the ques-
tion that the Psalmist asked. ‘What is man?”
The Psalmist answers his own question but
from an entirely different point of view. His
answer is from the point cf view of the relig-
ious man. And according to Picus of Miran-
dola, it is “Religion clone that possesses God.”

The Psalmist finds his answer in his own
question man’s relation to God.

The English version reads “A little lower
than the angels,” but in original Hebrew ver-
sion “Is it then God.”

We must gather that man only seems in-
significant. His rounded brow speaks more
than the arched sky, his eyes shines out deep-
er than the stars, and on his lips is a music
beyond that cf the wind or wave. Less bright
than the sun, less bulky than the planet, less
abiding than the stars, he is greater than
them all.

It was Shakespeare who said of man ‘Noble
is reason, infinite in faculty, in action like an
angel, in apprehension like a God.” lt is the
duty of man to insist upon his inherent dig-
nity to prove what ke is. No maiter how sin-
ful man may be yet he is pstentially, “Little
lower than God.”

God has made man in His own image no
matter where man goes he bears the image
of God. Whether he be a thief, harlot, drunk-
ard, criminal, or insane, man bears the image
of his God. Man can sink to the level of the
beast or rise to be with God. It is as Pascal
says ‘Man is at once the scum and glory of
the universe.” But remember though in some
instances he be “scum”, he still possesses the
potentialities “Rise and go to his Father.”

Therefore let us all be careful how we treat
man who has been made a little lower than
God.

Man improves nature, develops the fine arts,
expicres the mysteries of nature through sci-
ence, robs secrets from God about atomic en-
ergy, creates great constructs of techna-
logical genius, but Alas! Cannot rule or mas-
ter himself. As Da Vinci long ago said: ‘The
greatest mastery in the world is self-mastery.”

But man cannot master himse'f by him-
se!f. He must have the man Christ Jesus the
Lord. That is why God’s word became flesh
and dwelt among us. “He beceme what we
are in order that we might become what He
is.” When we have achieved this goal then
and only then we can say: “We are a little
lower than God.”
