---
id: "999"
title: "Contents and Departments"
author: ""
newspaper: "The Eastern Echo"
editor: "Haas, Gerald J."
year: "1965"
month: "06 Summer"
day: ""
volume: "11"
issue: "1"
_page: ""
image: "eastern_echo_summer1965_body0003.jpg"
tags: "contents"
layout: "item"
---
Summer 1965
Vol. 11   No.1

              Editorial Staff
GERALD J. HAAS                 EDITOR
HUGH H. WILLIAMS        ASSOC. EDITOR
FREDERICK ADAMS        PROD. & LAYOUT
STANLEY R. MOROZ       PROD. & LAYOUT
GEORGE M. SNYDER          COPY EDITOR
WILLIAM M. BYRNE          COPY EDITOR
PAUL J. KANE              COPY EDITOR
MARTIN J. KRATLIAN    EXCHANGE EDITOR
S. L. WOODHOUSE        FEATURE WRITER
S. R. CANTORAL           ILLUSTRATION
WALTER STEPPER            PHOTOGRAPHY
CHARLES G. SMITH      CIRCULATION MGR.
MELVIN COLLIER       COPY PREPARATION
R. J. WERNER         COPY PREPARATION
JOSEPH E. SCOLERI       SPORTS EDITOR

                PRINTING
FREDERICK ADAMS              LINOTYPE
B. A. RASZSKIEWICZ   TECH. CONSULTANT
HOWARD P. SCHRANK    HAND COMPOSITION
MICHAEL POPOVICH     HAND COMPOSITION
FRANK MATYASEVIC  IMPOSITION & LOCKUP
JOSEPH E. SCOLERI IMPOSITION & LOCKUP
FELIX CAPONE                 PRESSMAN
FRANK T. NETTERS              BINDERY
WILLIAM H. SCHAEFFER          BINDERY

Administration

GOVERNOR
WILLIAM W. SCRANTON

ATTORNEY GENERAL
WALTER E. ALESSANDRONI

COMMISSIONER
ARTHUR T. PRASSE

DEPUTY COMMISSIONER
KENNETH E. TAYLOR, PH.D.

SUPERINTENDENT
ALFRED T. RUNDLE

DIRECTOR OF TREATMENT
THOMAS H. GRAHAM

DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION
WILLIAM BERG

GENERAL SUPERVISOR, CI
VETO A. IAVECCHIA

PRINTING INSTRUCTOR
ALFRED F. FRENCH. JR.

THE EASTERN ECHO is published quarterly
by inmates of the State Correctional Institution
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Editorials repre-
sent the view of the magazine, and do not 
necessarily represent those of the officials of 
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

PERMISSION will be granted for reproduction
of any article upon request. PERMISSION for
reproduction of any article, by members of the 
PENAL PRESS, is hereby given.

CONTENTS
MUSIC WITHIN                           4
PROFILE                               10
IMMATURITY---IS IT A PRISON AILMENT?  13
NIGHT CAP                             14
IN THE COURT OF REASON                15
HOSPITAL BANQUET SERVES 32            18
SOME THOUGHTS ON HEALTH               20
TELSTAR: WORLD'S FIRST                21
THE SPORT'S BANQUET                   35

DEPARTMENTS
EDITORIAL                              2
FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT'S DESK         3
INSIDE INFORMATION                    11
POETRY                                12
EASTERN ECHO CROSSWORD PUZZLE         19
THE OVERSEER'S LOG                    25
CHESS NEWS                            26
KRAZY KORN KORNER                     28
THE MUSICIAN’S CORNER                 29
THE ART PAGE                          31
THE SPORT SECTION                     32
FROM OUR CHAPLAINS                    37
THE PENAL PRESS                       41

The cover is the excellent art work of S.R. Cantoral. It portrays the
TELSTAR satellite as the “eyes and ears of the world,” as it continues its
orbit around the earth.
