---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '001'
image: GratePhilNews-1.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '1'
tags:
- sports
title: 'Golden-Godfrey, Mayo Aggie Bouts Feature Card for July 4'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---

"Golden-Codirey, Mayo-
Aggie Bouts Feature
Card for July 4

Comedy Skits and All-Star
Array also billed for
Holiday Program

HAM vs. “THE WONDER”

Six bouts and at least three novelty
sketches have been arranged for the an-
nual Fourth of July boxing program at
the House. While not wishing to detract
from the two previous cards, the holi-
day bill should be far the most interest
ing yet presented.

Not only will there be plenty of com-
edy, but a top notch fight program and
possibly one or two celebrities to help
out at the ringside.

The long awaited bout between Bugs
Golden and Godfrey, and a return go be-
tween Frankie Mayo and Slug Aggie are
the double wind-up features on the all
star card.

Bugs has fought the best in the land
in outside rings and toured with the one
and only Jack Dempsey for a spell.
Although he stopped fighting a little
over a year ago and is rapidly topping
the 200-mark, Bugs still has plenty of
his old time skill.

Godfrey is up around the 195-mark
and is purely a local boy. He is one of
the best fighters ever to be seen in the
House and has won every one of his
fights with the exception of one with
George Kuchini in his second start.

""I’m in to fight—give and take any-
thing—It all depends on the other fel-
low,’’ said Golden up in the Chapel
recently, while Godfrey vows he will
‘‘give him all he wants and take a
little in return too.’’ What a battle this
promises to be!

Of the Frankie Mayo-Slug Aggie tiff,
little need be said. This duo captured
first prize in the opening show with three
blistering rounds that had the crowd in
an uproar from the outset. Aggie put
a big dent in Mayo’s outside reputation,
but the swarthy hued serapper is bent
on turning the tables.

The supporting card has several bouts
which might upset the dope and, walk
away with some of the choice prizes.
Joe Sharkey, making his first start in
here will take on Dick Pike. Dutch Mor-
gan was all set to try for his third
straight knockout against Pike, but was
forced to withdraw when he sprained an
ankle playing basketball. Pike showed
promise in his tussle with Morgan and
will probably give Sharkey a severe test.

The gum-chewing Rebel Hogan, who
caught the crowd’s faney with a clever
two-fisted attack against Phil Cavan,
takes on the veteran K.O. Pat. The lat-
ter is a veteran of many ring battles,
but has been inactive for several years.
Don’t be at all surprised if this one
finishes near the top in the awards.

Suitease Yorkie makes his first start
of the year against Young Harry, who
is out to repeat the K.O. win he tabbed
in his first start against Pat York in
the opening card. The ever laughing
Yorkie has a score of local fights under
his belt and can handle himself with
the best of them. Another interesting
bout, to say the least! In the third bout
Jim Brooks makes his first start against
the veteran Yam Flowers, who dropped
his first bout to Bobby Scotten.

But the prize bout of them all comes
just before the double wind-up, when
the incomparable Ham stacks up against
the ‘‘Unknown Wonder’’. The pride of
the Armour Belt had all kinds of trouble
securing an opponent, but ‘‘Unknown’’
was finally coaxed into the match. What
a slugger this boy Ham is! What foot-
work! It’s collossal! Little Jimmy will)
probably stake his reputation as a ref-
eree in this tussle, the others will be
handled by outside men."