---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '011'
image: GratePhilNews-2.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '2'
tags:
title: 'Religion and the Inmate'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Religion and the Inmate

Figures tell us that about 25% of the
religious services regularly. That figure
may be a little high for the Hastern
State Penitentiary, but whether 25% is
the correct figure for this or any other
institution is not the point under dis-
cussion. We know that\ the vast majority
of the inmates of our institutions: do not
attend religious services.

A very insignificant: few of our in-
mates deny that they have any 
convictions. Most of them admit belong-
ing to some denomination. Since they
belong to some Church, it would be the
logical thing for them to attend services
held by their Church behind the walls.

The popular excuses in jail for the
man not attending his denominational
service are, that he never attended when
he was free, so why attend now; and
secondly, that only the hypocrite attends
religious services while under confine-
ment. These excuses, if they may be
called such, are the standard ones and
the man who would be a real convict
tries to live down to these standards.
The carelessness for religious service,
the indifference toward the practice of
his religious tenents that marked the
free man, are still dominant in the man
incarcerated, which would tend to show
a lack of moral reform. Had he been
strict in his attendance at Church, had
he observed carefully the spirit and let-
ter of the dogmas of his faith, he would
never have fallen into crime. Religion
precludes crime.

The attendance at Church Services is
a publie attestation that the one pres-
ent believes in God and has presented
himself at the service to join his prayer
with that of his brother. By his very
presence at Church he tells the world
that he acknowledges that he believes
in God and his Creator, his Redeemer
and his Judge.

The man in jail has lost one of the
dearest possessions that he has ... his
liberty. He therefore needs something—
he wants something. It has been his sad
experience that the moment his troubles
overtook him, his so-called friends fled
him like rats from a sinking ship. Hyen
his relatives turned away from him be-
cause he brought the family name into
disrepute.

The agencies of Justice perhaps, were
a little blind when his case was called
to take that life away which He gave.
He will be judged by God because God
told him that He would judge him on
how well he kept His Ten Command-
ments.

The inmate of a penal institution
should logically, therefore, turn to God
since he belongs to God and his human
friends have failed.

Hypocrisy, according to Webster, is
the practice of feigning to be what one
is not.

When a man stays away from the
public service of the religion he profess-
es, he is a hypocrite, because he is feign-
ing that he does not belong to the re-
ligion he professes. He tells the world
that he believes in God and he feigns
not to believe in Him by not keeping
His Commandment, ‘‘Remember thou
shalt keep holy the Sabbath Day.’’