---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '012'
image: GratePhilNews-2.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '2'
tags:
title: '17,000 Mile Broadcast Heads Byrd Program'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
17,000 Mile Broadcast
Heads Byrd Program

A spectacular attempt to link the Arc-
tic and the Antarctic in a two-way
radiophone exchange for the first time
will be made by the Columbia Broad-
casting System early in July.

Preparations to ‘‘bring together’’ the
northern and southern extremities of the
earth have been in progress for many
be worked out. July 11th has been tenta-
tively set as the day for the broadcast
as part of the regular Wednesday night
Byrd Program.

The Antarctic termination for the 17,
000 mile circuit will be station KFZ
Columbia unit at Little America. A tem-
porary Columbia station in north-west-
ern Alaska, above the Arctic Circle, will
be the voice of the far north. Signals
from the CBS-Arctic station will be car-
ried by short-wave to the RCA station
at Point Reyes, near San Francisco, a
distance of nearly four thousand miles; 5
then by the regular CBS transcontinental
facilities to New York, and finally to
the Byrd Expedition over the Rocky
Point, L.I—Little America circuit em-
ployed for the Wednesday broadcasts.

This route will be reversed, with the
additio of another relay point at Buen-
os Aires, to carry the voices of Byrd’s
men to the Land of the Midnight Sun.
Robert Flagler, Seattle broadcast and
telephone engineer, will have charge of
Columbia’s temporary Arctic unit.