---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '013'
image: GratePhilNews-2.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '2'
tags:
title: 'Exchanges'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Exchanges

Grate-Phil News wishes to acknowledge
receipt of the following institutional
Papers during the past month:

The Messenger State Penitentiary
Sioux Falls, S. D.

The Marquette Inmate State Hourse of
Correction, Marquette, Michigan

The Bulletin California State Prison
San Quentin, Gal.

The Beacon Virginia State Penitentiary
Richmond, Va.

Reformatory Herald Kans. State Indust.
School, Hutchinson, Kansas

The Beacon U. S. Indust. Reformatory
Chillicothe, Ohio

The Pioneer Illinois State Reformatory 
Pontiac, Ill.

The Island Lantern U. S. Penitentiary
McNeil Island, Wash.

The Spectator
Michigan State Prison
Jackson, Mich.

The Summary
Elmira Reformatory
Elmira, N. Y.

The Periscope U. S. N. E. Penitentiary
Lewisburg, Pa.

The Mentor
Massachusetts State Prison
Charlestown, Mass.

The Presidio Iowa State Prison
Fort Madison, Iowa

De-Ho-Co News Detroit House of Correction
Plymouth, Mich.

The New Era U. S. Penitentiary
Leavenworth, Kans.

The Reflector Indiana Reformatory
Pendleton, Ind.

The New Day Ohio State Reformatory
Mansfield, Ohio

London Prison Farmer London Prison Farm
London, Ohio

The Activian Washington State Reform.
Monroe, Wash.

The Agenda Washington State Pen.
Walla Walla, Wash.

The Utah Penwiper Utah State Prison
Salt Lake City, Utah

Vocational News Colo. State Indust. School.
Golden, Colorada

Reformatory Pillar Minnesota State Re-
formatory, St. Cloud, Minn.

The Corrector House of Correction
Chicago, Ill.

The Medium Medium Security Prison
Wallkill, N. Y.

The Big Brother Wisconsin Indust. School
Waukesha, Wis.

Good Words U. S. Penitentiary
Atlanta, Ga.

The Presido Iowa State Prison
Fort Madison, Iowa

The Outlook U. S. Southwestern Re-
formatory, El Reno, Oklahoma

The Question Rhode Island State Peni-
tentiary, Howard, R. I.