---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '014
'
image: GratePhilNews-2.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '2'
tags:
title: 'Jokes'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Judge: You can take your choice,
ten dollars or ten days.

Prisoner (still groggy) : I’ll take the
money, y’r honor.

—

Judge: What do you plead?

Negro: Ah pleads guilty and waives
the hearing.

Judge: What do you mean, waive the
hearing?

Negro: Ah means ah don’t want to
hear any mo’ about it.

—

Judge: You reside—

Witness: With my brother.

Judge: And your brother resides—

Witness: With me.

Judge: Precisely, but you both live—

Witness: Together.

—

Is this the Fidelity Insurance Com-
pany?

Manager: Yes ma’am, what can we
do for you?

I wanna know how much it will cost
to have my husband’s fidelity insured?

—

Jack: What do you think Mary would
like for het birthday?
Betts: Not to be reminded of it, dear.

—

So that’s your new overcoat, Jack!
Isn't it rather loud?

Oh maybe so, but don’t worry, I in
tend to wear a muffler with it.

—

Officer (To inebriate trying to fit key
in lamp post): I don’t think there is
anyone home there tonight.

Inebriate: Mush be, off'sur, there’s a
light upstairsh.

—

Judge: Your name? 
Swede: Jan Oleson.
Judge: Married?
Swede: Ya, I have married.
Judge: Whom did you marry?
Swede: A woman. 
Judge: Fool! Did you ever hear of
anyone who did not marry a woman?
Swede: Ya, my sister. She marry a
man.

—

The mule he has two fect behind,
And two he has before,
We have to stand behind to find
What the two behind be for.

—

“What causes petrified trees???""
“The breeze that makes them rock.

—

Foreign Chauffeur (to deaf farmer) :
can you tell vare I gid some gasoline
py der automobile alretty yet?

Farmer: Hey?

Foreign Chauffeur: No, mine Gott, nod
hay. Dis was a modor car, not a horse.

—

Joe:What is an octopus?
Gracie: Why an eight sided cat, you
dummy !

—

Edith: Do you know I am half in-
clined to kiss you?
Ray: How stupid of me. I thought
you were merely round shouldered.

—

First Husband: When my wife gets
indigestion she doesn’t want to talk for
a week.
Second Husband: What kind of pastry
did you say you buy for her?

—

Customer: I would like to see some
good second hand cars?
Salesman: So would I!

—

First Inmate: When John Bunyan was
in jail it took him all his life to write
one story.
Second Inmate: That’s nothin’. It’ll
take me fifteen years to finish one sen-
tence.

—

Waitress: I have stewed kidneys, boiled
tongue, fried liver and pigs feet...
Customer: Don’t tell me your troubles
Sister, give me a chicken pie.

—

Dumb Hunter: I say, my man, how
do you detect an elephant?

Guide: Ya smell a faint odor of
peanuts on his breath, Sir!