---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '015'
image: GratePhilNews-2.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '2'
tags:
title: 'Cryptogram Craze now Sweeping the Country'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Cryptogram Craze now
Sweeping the Country

Two easy ones presented below;
look on last page if you
get stuck

Newspaper editors on the daily papers
are always endeavoring to uncover some
scheme to act as a tonic for their jaded
readers. We have witnessed the ‘‘limer-
ick wave’’, the ‘‘crossword puzzle fad’’,
and now the ‘‘cryptogram craze’’ is
rapidly coming to the fore.

The method of solving the cryptograms
is simple. We readily note on the printed
page the frequent occurance of certain
letters and letter combinations. ‘‘The’’
and ‘‘and’’ are the three letter words
appearing most frequently. The vowels
""e, a, i, and o’’ and the consonants ‘‘t,
s, r, and l’’ are the individual letters
which take precedence over the other let-
ters of the alphabet.

After these key words are inserted
in the cryptogram, others immediately
suggest themselves. When ‘‘e’’ is the
second last letter of a word, ‘‘d’’ or
“r"" immediately suggest themselves un-
til the meaning of the puzzle gradually
unfolds. Anyway, below are a couple of
easy ones. If you get stuck, look on the
back page for the answers.

""SEEING IS BELIEVING""
L F P U U   X H G K L   P V T
L P O Q.   X H   N T   S H V T 
Q T F H V P U O R O K Z   X Y P K
U P V Z T   H K T L,   N T S P I L T
A P V O T X O T L   H C   G Y H-
U T L H F T   V T S V T P X O H K
P V T   U P S J O K Z   O K   F P K E.

""WHEN IN ROME—""
G Y C S H G Y Y G   L O I C G J,
K G T G P K C P N   H T R P   U-
O Q C Y J,   V H J Y R Z J,   O P K
V E C Z O Y G,   F U O Y   Z C N U Y
Q G   I H K G   C P   O E O J X O
C J   V R P J C K G I G K   S H C-
Y G   O E E   I C N U Y   C P   Y-
G D O J.