---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '002'
image: GratePhilNews-1.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '1'
tags:
- sports
title: 'Golden-Godfrey, Mayo Aggie Bouts Feature Card for July 4'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
School Attendance at
House & Farm Growing

Both places going over the 100
mark constantly despite
other attractions

School attendance at Philadelphia is
picking up again. There were 105 men
in school last Wednesday.

Phil Cain, teacher at Philadelphia, is
recovering from his fourth operation and
visited the school the other day in a
wheel chair, Says he just can’ stay
away. Phil has complete use of his arm
and hand now and we will be glad to
see him back at his desk again.

Just wait until you see the Landscap-
ing job the students and faculty are
doing around the school building at
Graterford. We'll neutralize the unsight-
liness of those ugly coal piles yet.

Can you imagine it? Over 100 men in
eyening school at Graterford last Wed-
nesday night (102 to be exact). And
they told us no one would come to night
school these nice summer evenings with
baseball and movies to pull them away.

Four hundred baby chicks in the
Brooder House; fifteen flourishing vege-
table garden plots and several Landscape
gardening projects! How’s that for a
going program of projects in Agricul-
tural Education at Graterford?

Thirty-five students in the afternoon
classes at Philadelphia. Thirty-five men
giving up part of yard-out to go to
school. Well, we will admit we hardly
expected it but it sure is gratifying to
know that our service is appreciated to
that extent.

Two more office clerks placed from
school students this month. Little by lit-
tle the institution ig learning where to
turn for its best clerks.

Watch us grow!