---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '020'
image: GratePhilNews-3.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '3'
tags:
title: 'Three Knockouts, Two Draws and Decision on Fight Card'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Three Knockouts, Two
Draws and Decision
on Fight Card

Datch Morgan, Rebel Hogan
and Slugger Mc Guire land
K.O.’s on June 16

PRIMO CARNERA LOSES

Three knockouts featured the second
boxing card at the House on June 16.
In the other bouts, two draws and a
decision resulted. While the famed ‘‘Bat-
tle Royal’? again failed to materialize,
the show was warmly received and ac-
tion was never wanting at any time
during the course of the program.

Dutch Morgan, rangy slugger from
12-1 Gallery, stole the show with his
second consecutive knockout, this one
coming at the expense of Dick Pike.
Always on the offensive, Morgan rushed
Pike from the outset, but Pike managed
to weather a wild flurry and slow Dutch
up a bit before the end of the first
round. It was inevitable that the match
would not go the limit from the outset,
and Pike wilted under the two fisted
attack by Morgan in the second round.

Rebel Hogan, a fast punching gum-
chewing workman, gained a technical
K.O. over Phil Cavan in the fourth bout
of the day. Hogan was a smooth worker
and shot his left and right with light-
ning rapidity. Cavan made a go of it
from the start but could not weather the
Rebel’s rush in the third heat. A right
to the head, followed by a cross did the
trick.

The match between Slugger McGuire
and Spike McCann came to a rapid and
unfortunate end in the first minute
when McGuire clipped the latter with a
terrifig right to the head that paralysed
McCann. The latter had no control over
his muscles, whatsoever, and for a mom-
ent it was feared that the injuries might
be permanent. McCann recovered a few
minutes after he was carried to his corn-
er, however.

The match which caught the fancy
of the spectators was the opener between
Primo Carnera (every bit of 103 pounds
net) and dusky Ace Clark. Using the
sixteen ounce gloves, the two paper-
weights wore themselves out in the first
round.

The crowd was in an uproar from the
minute the two battlers entered the ring
until Clark copped the three round de-
cision. However, the two boys put on a
better fight than some of the others
seen thus far. They tried every minute
and Primo hit the canvas several times
after stopping some af the Ace’s none
too gentle wallops. There was no ques-
tion about the decision, Clark knowing
a little too much and punching harder
than Primo.

Joey Freeman and Charley Chase
went three rounds to a draw, while Batt
Donald also went the distance with Bill
Murphy in a dead heat. Freeman had
the edge in the opening round but Char-
ley came back with a nice attack in the
closing cantos to earn a ‘‘good’’ draw.
The other deadlock was spotty in places,
but the boys crowded enough action into
the three heats to make it interesting.

Father Farley and Jimmy, the local
matchmaker, refereed the bouts and held
them ‘in check without any trouble.

Bugs Golden and Godfrey took a bow
between fights. The two boys will battle
it out in the first six round bout of the
year on July 4. It should be a mighty
interesting battle between the two heavy-
weights. At the same time, it was an-
nounced that efforts were being made
to secure Vinee Dundee to referee the
holiday card.