---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '022'
image: GratePhilNews-3.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '3'
tags:
title: 'Aggie-Mayo Bout Tops Opening Fight Card'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Aggie-Mayo Bout Tops
Opening Fight Card

Kid Harry and Dutch Morgan tab
K.O.’s, while Bobby Scotten
gets decision

With the crowd in good spirits, thanks
to a pie-eating contest and some pretty
good vocal and orchestra selections, the
opening fight card of the season went
over with a bang on Memorial Day.

Batt Aggie and Frankie Mayo stole
the show with a blistering three round
scrap in the final bout of the card,
while Bobby Scotten, Kid Harry, and
Dutch Morgan were right behind with
nice performances.

Mayo’s defeat was rather a surprise
in as much ag he carried a good out-
side reputation into the ring with him.
Frankie started out hammer and tongs
after Batt, who looked hopelessly out-
classed in the first round. Aggie started
getting the range in the second and a
last minute rush swept Mayo off his
feet and evened the bout. There was no
question about the decision. when Batt
got off a flurry of telling blows in the
third canto.

Kid Harry knocked out Pat York in
another upset after a spectacular battle,
while Dutch Morgan sent Lefty. Kline
to the canvas with a two-fisted storm in
the first minute of the opening round.
Scotten showed plenty as he hammered
out a three round decision over Slug
Yam in the other high-spot.

K.O. Chester and Slug McGuire mixed
plenty of action into the first two rounds,
but tired rapidly in the closing session.
The bout was called a draw. An un-
fortunate ending to the other half of the
double wind-up came in the second round
when Teddy Dix fouled Kid Yellow
after outpointing him all the way.