---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '025'
image: GratePhilNews-3.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '3'
tags:
title: '"The Best Outdoor Exhibition I have Ever Seen" --Mr. Idell'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
“The Best Outdoor Exhibition
I Have Ever Seen’’-- Mr. Idell

“It was my privilege to see one of
the finest exhibitions of outdoor play
that I have ever seen.’’ That is the way
A. Provost Idell, known throughout the
country as ‘‘The Father of Volley Ball’’,
commented on the game which the Bio
courtmen lost to North Branch Y.M.C.A.
recently.

“I haye seen better indoor teams per-
form, but the men at this institution
certainly acquitted themselves wonder-
fully in the first three games that day.
I thought the ""Y"" team was going to
lose after those first two reverses.""

Mr. Idell is a member of the Hxecu-
tive Commitise of the United States
Volley Ball. Association and physical
director at th Navy Y.M.C.A, in Phila-
delphia. He tightly deserves the title of
""Father of Volley Ball"", judging from
the short sketh of him in Spaulding's
official volley ball rule book.

The sketch reads, ""He has partici-
pated in more than 10,000 games of
volleyball from 1910 to 1932, and has
been a spectator or referee in 4,000
other games. He had the opportunity of
piloting the Germantown Y.M.C.A from
1912 to 1919, during which time they
never lost a series, winning 750 games
and losing 75, and from 1918 to 1919
made a record of 125 consecutive vic-
tories.""

It was evident to anyone watching
Mr. Idell officiating in the game between
the ‘‘Y"" and the House that he knew
the game backwards and forwards. Fouls
that he called on the boys were never
known to exist, but the book said ae
do, so—!

Mr. Idell came in again on June 21
and gave the boys instructions in the
fine points of the game for an hour and
a half. It was the first time that any of
us ever dreamed that volleyball was
worked out to a mathematical science,
but Mr. Idell has done just that.

After showing the boys the fine points,
they tried them out in two practice
games and a general all around improve-
ment was immediately apparent.

There is only one bad feature about
Mr. Idell’s instructions. It is now gen-
erally conceded that the local sextette
ranks with the best in the State of
Pennsylvania — a record made despite
the handicaps of inexperience, Where
will they get a team to give the boys
called ""fine points"" down to perfection?
Looks like the only thing standing be-
tween the boys and the National Cham-
pionship is the fact that they will. not
bring the Nationals to 2107 Fairmount
Avenue!

Incidently, Mr. Idell asked Mr. Gern-
ey for a picture of the local team for
publication in the National Volleyball
Guide. This is the annual publication of
events in that section of the program
the United States Volley Ball Asgsocia-
tion, and it includes team records, rules
and helpful suggestions to beginners.