---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '028'
image: GratePhilNews-3.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '3'
tags:
title: 'Penn A.C. Volleyball Team Loses to House'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Penn A.C. Volleyball Team
Loses to House

Downtown clubmen, led by
Herm Ringler, drop four
straight games

Sweeping through four straight games
without any great trouble, the House
volleyball team made it four straight
triumphs for the season, turning back
the Penn Athletic Club courtmen, 4-0.

The downtown clubmen were reputed
once the local team got into action the
visitors were slowed down to a walk.
Jimmy Winters, Chi Slim, Engle, Blackie,
Irish and Gyp Downey started against
Penn A.C. and romped away with the
opening game, 15-4.

The second game was merely a repe-
tition, the count being 15-4 again, with
both teams standing pat on their lineups.
The Pennacs perked up in their play
when Doc, Babs, and Chester entered
the tilt as substitutes and managed to
garner a dozen points before bowing,
15-12. Herman Ringler led the visitors
with a brilliant individual display, but
the all-around play of the locals was
too much for them.

With the match already clinched, the
House simply toyed with Pennac in the.
last game and galloped to a 15-9 de-
cision.

The victory, in addition to coming at
the expense of one of the best all-
around athletic clubs in Philadelphia,
was also noteworthy in as much.as Big
Slim was unable to see action on account
of his Lumbago.

Big Slim had been the tower of
strength in the House offense, but the
manner in which the Locals romped
away with the first set, alleviated all
fears the boys had over his absence.

Herm Ringler was by far the out-
standing individual on the court. He is
a former Northeast High School athlete, 
where he was captain of the swimming 
team, undefeated in Public High compe-
tition, and Interscholstic low board div-
ing champion for two straight years.
He is still the city's outstanding diving
star.