---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '003'
image: GratePhilNews-1.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '1'
tags:
- sports
title: 'To Award Prizes For Field Day Events'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
To Award Prizes For

Field Day Events

Seventeen events scheduled:
Athletic Director still
receiving entries

Entries for the Field Day program
are now being received by Mr. Oscar
E. Gerney, the athletic director, at the
Sixth Block Office. Seventeen events are
open to competition and prizes of some
sort will be awarded in every one of
them. The meet will be staged at the
House on July 14.

Medals will be given to the winning
teams and to men finishing first in the
finals, and first and second in the va-
rious events. In the novelty divisions,
cash prizes will be awarded. Special
prizes will also be given to individuals
finishing first and second in the total
points score for all events.

The novelty events featuring the card
will consist of the 50-yard sack race
for men over 40 years of age, and the
00-yard dash for men over 45. Other
events in that section of the program 
will be the 50-yard Lemon and Spoon
race; 100-yard obstacle race; 100-yard 
shoe race; and 50-yard 200-pound race.

The other contets will be straight
track and field tests including the 50-
yard dash; 50-yard hurdle race; high
jump: running broad jump; hop-step-
and-jump; and shot put.

There will be two flat races and two
obstacle races open to team competition.
There will be two-man teams in the 200-
yard Relay and 100-yard Shuttle Relays.
The four-man contests will be run off 
in the same branches of competition.

There is still an opportunity to enter
the contest. Mr. Gerney will be glad to
receive your application any day but
Sunday.