---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '040'
image: GratePhilNews-4.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '4'
tags:
title: 'Overbrook A.C. Goes Down to 3-1 Defeat'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Overbrook A. C. Goes
Down to 3- 1 Defeat

House courtmen get careless after
taking opener by 15-1 count

After taking the first game by the
one-sided dount of 15-1, the House vol-
leyball team became careless and had
all kinds of trouble before Overbrook
A.C. bowed, 3-1.

The visitors, made up largely of Over-
brook High School stars, were hopeless-
ly outclassed by the locals in the opening
engagement, and spotted the House ten
points before they managed to break
into the scoring column.

Instead of continuing the romp, Over-
brook took advantage of numerous errors
and surprised everybody with a 15-8
victory in the second game.

With the regular team of Winters,
Chie Slim, Engle, Irish, Blackie and
Gyp back into action in the third game,
Overbrook continued its uphill battle
and made a go of it before bowing,
15-10. The last engagement was a dupli-
cation of the third game, with the House
winning by the same score.

Groff, Smith, Keehn, Herman, Rich-
ards, and Marshall comprised the Over-
brook sextette, Herman and Keehn were
the mainstays. Both of these boys played
on Overbrook’s championship basketball
team, with the former leading the Public
High League scorers.

After the volleyball game was over,
the visitors played two ten minute halves
of basketball against a white and a
colored team. Both of the abbreviated
tilts went to Overbrook by close scores.
The speed and passing of the Hilltoppers
drew considerable comment from the
spectators.