---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '043'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Centralized Radio System About 75 Percent Complete'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Centralized Radio System
About 75 Percent Complete

Three National Chains and
Local Station to Furnish 
Programs All Day

Almost 75 percent of the work 
has been completed on the radio
installation project at present,
with RCA engineers hoping that
individual reception will be avail-
able sometime early in March.

The piping conduits and drilling
necessary to reach each cell has all
been completed, while the Control
Units and wiring are also ready
for immediate use. More than 104,-
000 feet of armored cable has been 
used in the gigantic program and
130,000 feet of wire will be drawn
through the conduits before the 
system is completed.

This project is an outgrowth of
the development of radio itself, but
it was only within the last two 
months that the program began to 
formulate concretely. 

The general system of installa-
tion, better known as the Four 
Channel Centralized Radio System,
specifies four ""racks,"" each weigh-
ing almost 600 pounds, with 800
control boxes running from the 
four main channels. Provision has
been made for 1200 outlets direct
to each cell from these control box-
es. 

Three nationwide broadcasting 
systems, and one prominent local
station, will furnish radio programs
every hour of the day. 

Through this method of central-
ized receiving, the best available 
programs at present, can be re-
ceived by each individual at the 
absolute minimum of effort. The
station selection remains entirely
at the choice of the receiver. A
simple regulation of the cell con-
trol boxes will change the program 
immediately to any one of the four
different broadcasting organiza-
tions. 

The cell control boxes will con-
tain nothing more than an ordin-
ary panel with a switch and four
""knots."" Each of the latter will 
be designated to represent one of
the broadcasting systems, and a 
movement of the switch to another 
""knot will immediately change 
the program being received.

Two of the control boxes will 
be installed in each cell. Each set 
of ear-phones will be equipped with
ten feet of wire to permit a great
deal of freedom in movement.
These control boxes lead directly
into the outlet boxes on the out-
side of the cells. The latter, in
turn, go directly to the central re-
ceiving apparatus. 

The ""racks,"" which are being 
installed on the 7th Gallery, are
equally simple when it comes to 
operation. The station reception 
is brought about much in the same
manner as in an ordinary radio
set tuning.

By sealing the dial, no more reg-
ulation is necessary until the send-
ing station ceases to broadcast. At
that time an automatic switch shuts 
off the mechanism. No regulation 
whatsoever, is necessary once our
local receptors pick up the stations
for each of the four channels. 

The expense of radio reception 
is reduced to its absolute minimum 
according to engineers of the RCA 
Company. Outside of the initial 
expenditure, very little cost is nec-
essary to keep the extensive appar-
atus in working order. 

Instead of keeping an individual
receiving set in repair and purchas-
ing tubes and other incidentals, all 
this is done away with in the Cen-
tralized Receiving System. Both
the control boxes and the cell out-
lets contain nothing but simple 
standard parts, with necessary re-
pairs being insignificant in com-
parison to the up-keep of a single
set. Not only is the outlay and re-
pair costs virtually eliminated af-
ter the initial expenditure has been
made, but electrical disturbances 
are also tremendously reduced. The
volume control is likewise automat-
ic, insuring a constant tone regard-
less of outside interference and 
weather conditions. Cross talk, al-
so common in individual reception,
is another ""bugaboo"" that has been 
done away with.

The entire cost of the installa-
tion work will be taken care of by
the Prisoner's Welfare Fund, and
in this manner every member of 
the institution will have access to 
the daily radio programs.