---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '044'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Post Office Handles 1200 Letter Per Day'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Post Office Handles
1200 Letters Per Day

At least 4000 three cent
stamps used in a 
dull month

Letters! Big Letters, little let-
ters!

Stamps! Two's, three's, five's, 
twenty's, airmail, special delivery.
Twelve hundred of them pouring
into the Post Office every day!

That is the minimum handling 
for comparatively dull months such 
as January, while during the holi-
day seasons the volume far surpass-
es this figure.

At least 4000 three cent stamps 
are used by the members of this
institution every month, with the 
two cent variety approximating 
the 3000 mark.

Mr. Joseph Giordano, who han-
dles the work entirely except for 
one assistant, gets the mail sacks
for this institution from Station J
on Nineteenth Street every morn-
ing and then sorts the various piec-
es into seven different departments.
Parcel Post Packages, Special De-
livery, and Registered mail pieces
all require additional individual 
handling.

Some idea of the amount of rou-
tine work can be obtained from the 
stamp consumption for the month
of January. The number of each
denomiuantion used were as fol-
lows:—

Two cent stamps .............. 2733
Three cent stamps ........... 3489
Four cent stamps ............. 53
Five cent stamps .............. 32
Six cent stamps ................ 68
Eight cent stamps ............. 47
Nine cent stamps .............. 67
Ten cent stamps ................ 55
Twelve cent stamps ........... 61
Fifteen cent stamps ........... 20
Twenty cent stamps ........... 69
Air Mail stamps .................. 3
Special Delivery stamps .... 84