---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '046'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Radio Project One Of the Largest In U.S.'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Radio Project One Of 
Largest in U.S. 

RCA Engineers Hail System
as Best in the Penal
Institutions

According to L. P. Clark and 
Company, local agents for the RCA, 
the Centralized Radio System
which is now being installed in this
institution is the largest to be
found in any penal institution in
the United States.

The Centralized System is used
in such places as the Governor 
Clinton Hotel, Philadelphia Sav-
ings Fund Society Building, Jeffer-
son Medical College and numerous
other places, but the only manner
in which these commercial jobs dif-
fer from the local installation is a
trifling increase in power, and the 
substitution of amplifiers for head-
sets.

All of the equipment is approved
by the RCA and is complete in it-
self. The Antenna System is the
only one to be approved by the
U. S. Government at present for
ships and sea and at naval bases. 

The use of steel ""racks"" permits 
grounding of the radio chassis to
steel frames and thus eliminating
regeneration between radio chan-
nels and also unnecessary noise in-
terference. They also permit better 
ventilation to the mechanism and
naturally cause less depreciation.

At Ossining, N. Y., where a
similar system is installed, the 
""racks"" are the extent of the 
equipment, with the individual sets
being obtained according to the in-
mate selection. While provisions
are made to take care of as many 
outlets as we have here, the indivi-
dual purchase of sets places the 
price out of the reach of a good 
number of the men.