---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '047'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Vocational Education Taking Place of Shop Worn Theories'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Vocational Education Taking 
Place of Shop Worn Theories

In the past, Education was some-
thing that was looked upon as be-
ing compulsory; we had to take it;
it was ""supposed"" to be of some
value to us. Just what value, how-
ever, could not be determined very 
concretely.

Some people were of the opinion
that Education was necessary for
its cultural values. In other words,
we could not hope to be a success 
in life unless certain prescribed 
curriculums were mastered. By
undergoing this ordeal one was 
supposed to magically acquire the
where-with-all by which he could
secure an entrance to the more 
select circles in life. 

Some people took a broader view
of the general condition, and prob-
ably for the want of something 
even more indefinite, said that edu-
cation was vital for its social value/
Just what their concrete beliefs
were, no one knew. The doctrine
was exceedingly elastic—first to 
stretch this way, and then again to
stretch that.

At the same time, those indivi-
duals who prided themselves in
being ""practical,"" took an entire-
ly different view. Said they, ""Ed-
ucation is essential in training the 
man to fit the environment,"" but
in the same breath, used the latter 
term as something all-inclusive.

Regardless of overlapping be-
liefs these groups held, it is suffici-
ent to say that no one ever thought
of tying education to a job in any
manner except in a college where
one was supposed to specialize in 
such pursuits.

A marked change has taken 
place, however, in the past ten
years in the form of the Vocational
Education Movement—or, ""educa-
tion for a job."" In short, we have 
become a Nation going back to
school. Instead of classes being a 
recognition of one's limited educa-
tion, going to school is now the 
complimentary determination of 
one's progressive desire to keep up
to date.

Thus the school in this institution
aims to provide the tools for bet-
ter, pleasanter, and more harmon-
ious living, so that, those who can-
not now read or write their own
letters may be able to do this;
those who are not able to hold pos-
itions in the institution may qual-
ify for employment; and finally
those who have never prepared
themselves to hold a job may make 
that preparation here and be ready
for desirable employment on their 
return to society.

—C. E. HEDDER, Director of Education