---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '048'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Parole Department and Officials to Aid Vets on Bonus Data'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Parole Department and
Officials to Aid Vets
on Bonus Data

Men who saw service in
Spanish, China Relief, and
World War eligible

MUST TYPE FORMS

Members of this institution who
are eligible to Veteran's Compen-
sation and desire data, or aid in
filling out the information blanks
can secure help from the officials,
or members of the Parole Depart-
ment.

Those veterans who are entitled
to compensation are individuals
who were legal residents of Penn-
sylvania at the time of their entry 
into the service, who performed 
full and honorable service and who
were members of the military or
naval forces of the United States
in the following wars on the dates
shown: War with Spain, April 21,
1898 to August 13, 1898. China 
Relief Expedition, Phillipine Is-
lands or Guam, April 21, 1898 to
July 4, 1902. World War, April
6, 1917 to November 11, 1918. 

Persons discharged for alienage
or under other than honorable con-
ditions and conscientious objectors
are not eligible.

All the applications must be
mailed to the Veterans Compensa-
tion Bureau, Department of Mili-
tary Affairs, Harrisburg Pa. If
applications are not filled out in 
this manner, there probably will 
be a great deal of delay. Appli-
cants should not write to the Bu-
reau about their claims, unless the
proper officials of this institution
deem it necessary for them to do
so.

Compensation is payable to the 
veterans who meet the additional
requirements outlined in the print-
ed form they will receive, and pro-
viding they have at least sixty
days' service which began prior to 
or during the periods of the wars
listed above. The service shall be
""computed on the basis of ten
dollars for every month and major
fraction thereof of active service""
..... ""until his separation from
service"" ... but no veteran shall 
be entitled to receive more than 
two hundred dollars.

No allowance shall be made for 
inactive duty; to be individuals who 
received more than the regular pay
and allowance of their grade; or 
to those who received a similar pay-
ment from any other State. The 
decision of the Adjutant General
as to payment or nonpayment of
compensation or eligibility is final.