---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '005'
image: GratePhilNews-1.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '1'
tags:
- sports
title: 'North Branch Y.M.C.A. Snaps House Streak After Hard Battle'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
"North Branch Y.M.C.A.
snaps House Streak 
After Hard Battle

Former National Champions
defeat locals 11- 15, 11-15,
15-13, 15-2 and 15-4

FIRST LOSS OF YEAR

VOLLEY BALL RESULTS
Temple University .................. 4-1
Temple University .................. 5-1
Mitchell A. A. .......................... 3-0
Penn Athletic Club ................. 4-0
Overbrook A. C. ..................... 3-1
North Branch Y.M.C.A. .......... 2-3

MATCHES
Won 5 — Lost 1

GAMES
Won 21 — Lost 6

All good things must come to an end!
Yes, even the winning streak of the
House volleyball team. The locals came
within a hair of defending its streak
successfully and also creating one of the
biggest upsets in Philadelphia volley-
ball circles before losing, however.

A determined rally in the last three
games finally gave the North Branch
Y.M.C.A. a 3-2 victory over the Light
and Dark Blue team.

The visitors: have the reputation of
being the perennial champions of Phila-
delphia and in last winter’s National
Championship play at the University of
Tennessee, finished runner-up to Chica-
go and Houston, Texas. Several years
ago, and with practically the same team,
the ""Y"" sextette won the National
Championship.

After a shaky start in which the House
gave the visitors more points on faults
than on actual errors, the locals pulled
themselves together and lifted the first
game out of the fire, 15-11. What a
surprise that was!

In that tilt the Dark and Light Blue
team did not ‘‘rotate’’ as is customary
in outside play, but the boys played the
visitors at their own game in the second
engagement and again won out, dupli-
cating the count of the opener.

The work of Big Slim, out of ecompe-
tition in the two previous matches on
account of lumbago, was a revelation.
Slim made almost impossible shots and
made the ‘‘Y’’ players look foolish on
several occasions

The House team appeared to be head-
ing for victory in straight games when
it got away to an early lead in the third,
and what would have been the deciding
match. Needing only two points for
victory, two misplays in the back court
jand nice shots by Schuck and Wurz-
boch for the ""Y"", enabled North
Branch to eke out a 15-13 triumph.

Winters, Babs, Stucky, Engle and
Buddy saw action in place of the regu-
lars in this and the fourth game, and
after dropping the 15-13 setto, folded
up in the fourth and were outclassed,
15-2.

The regulars swung back into action
in the fifth and all important game, but
could not halt the relentless attack of 
the visitors. With the final outcome in 
the balance, North Branch romped to a
15-4 triumph.

Chi Slim, Big Slim, Engle, Irish,
Blackie and Gyp made up the starting
lineup for the House, while Scheam,
Spealler, Tidbolt, Hall, Wurzboch and
Schuck represented North Branch. Orn-
jer, Bodie, Strobel and Satinsky also saw
action for the victors.

Mr. Idell, known throughout the coun-
try as the ‘‘Father of Volleyball"",
refereed the tilt."