---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '050'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Pardon Applications Explained in Full'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Pardon Applications 
Explained in Full

Detailed explanation given in
order to clarify method of
securing papers

One of the questions that arises 
quite frequently is, ""I wish to 
make application to the State Board
of Pardons for commutation of 
sentence. Where and how do I get 
my papers?"" The following will 
answer this oft repeated query:—

Applications that have never
been before the Board are original
cases. Those that have been pre-
viously considered are rehearing
cases. If the applicant is under
sentence of death, the application
is a capital case.

Send $1.00 to the Secretary,
Board of Pardons, Department of
Justice, Harrisburg, Pa., for forms. 
State whether the application is
original, rehearing, or capital case.
The forms must be prepaid.

Fill these forms out carefully by
typewriter. The original must be 
signed by the applicant and two
witnesses. In rehearing cases, new
and substantial reasons must be
presented on the rehearing forms.
Supplemental sheets may be added.
To each copy of the rehearing form 
must be attached, but not perman-
ently, an exact copy of the original 
applciation on new original forms.

Return the original and eight 
copies to the Secretary. A filing
fee of $10.00 is charged and must 
accompany the application. The 
filing fee is never returned. Checks
or money orders must be made pay-
able to the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania.

Applications filed on or before 
the 10th day of the month will be
considered at the Board's Execu-
tive Session the following month.
If the Board shall then be of the
opinion that the application is not
worthy of hearing, it shall forth-
with refuse the applciation; and if 
it shall determine to grant a hear-
ing in open session, the applicant's 
representative will be notified as
to the time, date and place of such 
hearing. (Example) An application
filed before January 10th, will be 
considered in the February Execu-
tive Session. Hearing if allowed, 
will be in March. Fifteen minutes 
will be allowed to each side for ar-
gument in non-capital cases; thirty 
minutes in capital cases.

Anyone may act as the appli-
cant's representative. Lawyers
must be members of the bar of the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. 
Only lawyers may charge fees and 
the Board reserves the right to in-
quire into the fee paid and if it
deems it excessive to require a re-
duction thereof. Any attorney who
refuses to reduce a fee in accord-
ance with a requirement of the
Board to do so shall thereafter be
ineligible to practice before the 
Board.

If the applicant has been sent-
enced to a county prison or work-
house, a formal application for pa-
role must be made to the trial
court and refused before an appli-
cation will be considered by the 
Board of Pardons. A certified copy
of the court order refusing parole 
must accompany the application.

All material to be filed with the 
application should be sent to the 
Secretary not later than two weeks
after date of filing.

In no case will a petition for re-
hearing be considered until six
months have expired after the re-
fusal of the original application.

No reasons are given for the re-
fusal of an application.

Follow the above instructions 
carefully. The applicant's repre-
sentative will be notified by the 
Secretary if anything else needs be
done.