---
author: William Lyon Phelps
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '052'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Procedure and Operation Of Parole Laws Given in Detail'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Procedure and Operation of
Parole Laws Given in Detail

Act of Assembly Covering 
Release and Violation set
forth to aid eligible

BOARD OF TRUSTEES' 
WORK ALSO RELATED

The dictionary defines the word 
parole thus: ""In penology, the re-
lease of a prisoner under promise 
not to violate the law; to release a 
prisoner on this word of honor to
observe certain conditions.""

The Act of Assembly, aproved 
the 10th day of May, A.D., 1909, in-
augurated the present system of 
release by Parole, as well as the 
penalty for violating parole. This
Act set up the minimum and max-
imum sentences, and the eligi-
bility of prisoners for release on
parole at the expiration of their
minimum sentence, subject to con-
ditions as laid down by law. Sub-
sequent Acts of Assembly have 
made it mandatory that a prisoner 
sentenced to a state penitentiary 
must have a minimum and a max-
imum sentence, and the minimum
setence shall not exceed one-half 
of the maximum sentence.

Parole, as it affects an inmate of
the Eastern State Penitentiary, 
can be divided into two distinct 
classifications: 
(A) Preliminary steps and procedure to-
ward obtaining a parole.
(B) Requirements and operation of the
Parole Laws as they affect a parole
prisoner.

Let us follow these two classifi-
cations closely, as it will solve many
of the perplexing questions con-
fronting every inmate as the time
draws near for his opportunity to 
make application for release on 
parole.

""A""—The Acts of Assembly set up
the procedure that shall be followed
in considering the applications. They
vest in the Board of Trustees of the 
State Penitentiaries the power and the 
duty of considering every inmate for
parole within a period of three months
prior to the expiration of his minimum
sentence, and making a recommendation
to the Governor as to whether such
convict shall be released on parole.

This recommendation must first be
sent to the Board of Pardons for ap-
proval. When, and if, the Board of 
Pardons approve the recommendation
of the Board of Trustees, then the 
Board of Pardons presents the recom-
mendation for release on parole to the
Governor. The Board of Pardons must
approve all recommendations for re-
lease on parole, or reparole, which
might be made by the Board of Trust-
ees of the Eastern State Penitentiary,
before they are presented to the Gover-
nor for his official action.

The Board of Pardons, by virtue of 
the fact that they must approve all 
recommendations for release on parole
to the Governor, have set up certain
requirements which they feel essential,
and in the absence of which they refuse 
to present the recommendation. These
requirements can be listed as follows:

1. An inmate must have a suitable, law-
abiding sponsor.
2. He must have a job or a good home to 
go to.
3. Lacking the job or home, he must have 
sufficient funds to enable him to be 
self-supporting for a reasonable length
of time in which to procure work for
himself. (Amount fixed by the Pardon
Board at approximately $150.00)
4. If the inmate is to be turned over to
other jurisdiction on detainer or other-
wise, and if he is to be deported.

The above requirements are set by 
the Board of Pardons, and not by the 
Board of Trustees. The requirements
of the Board of Trustees are set by 
law, but the Board of Pardons can insist 
on any requirement they see fit for 
what they think is the best interest of 
everyone concerned. It would be a 
waste of time for the Board of Trust-
ees of this institution to forward any
recommendation to the Bard of Par-
dons for approval, if there were not 
attached to the recommendation proof
of the fact that the requirements of 
the Board of Pardons had been met as
regards sponsor, work, home, etc. There
fore, no recommendation is forwarded
without the conditions of the Pardon
Board having first been met by the in-
mate eligible for parole. 

How can you fulfill the above condi-
tions? That is where the function of 
the Parole Department of the Eastern
State Penitentiary operates.

Approximately three months prior to
the expiration of an inmate's minimum
setnence he is given an Application for
Parole. On this applciation there is a 
space provided for the names and ad-
dresses of any persons who the inmate
feels might act as sponsor and/or em-
ployer for him if released on parole.
The Parole Department writes to the 
people mentioned asking them to act
in the capacity of sponsor or employer,
or both. The inmate should also write
to anyone he knows who he thinks will
assist him in this critical period.

The more people who are contacted 
in this manner the more opportunities 
are liable to be unearthed for sponsors
and possible offers of employment. Give
the Parole Officer the names of all pos-
sible friends or relatives, with their ad-
dresses, so he can write them all in 
your interest.

When any replies are received they 
are turned over to the Field Agents of 
the Department of Justice, who work
under the Board of Pardons. These
Field Agents investigate the offers made
in the letters, making a report of their
investigation, this report being for the
Board of Pardons. If the report is re-
turned satisfactory, and the Board of 
Trustees have approved the parole of 
any inmate subject to such satisfactory
report being received, then the recom-
mendation of the Board of Trusteres is 
forwarded to the Board of Pardons for 
approval. 

Of course, it is within the power of 
the Board of Trustees to refuse to rec-
commend any inmate for parole. Some
of the reasons that a parole might be
refused by the Board of Trustees are:

1. Bad institutional record, as regards con-
duct or work, or both.
2. Lengthy criminal record.
3. Antagonistic attitude, and lack of co-
operation with those you came in contact
with, as displayed during confinement.

After the recommendation of the 
Board of Trustees is forwarded to the
Board of Pardons it takes a little time
for the recommendation to come up for
consideration by that Board, and then
procuring the signed approval of the
Governor, sometimes taking as long as 
two or three weeks. For this reason it
is best to get after your prospective
sponsors and employers at least two or
three months prior to your eligible re-
lease date, so that the approved investi-
gation report and the recommendations
of the Board of Trustees can be in the 
hands of the Board of Pardons in suffi-
cient time to eliminate the possibility 
of any delay in your release.

Bear in mind at all times that the 
officials of this instittuion, and the of-
ficers in the Parole Department, are
interested in seeing that you are re-
leased when you are eligible for release,
and are ready to assit in any way pos-
sible. Naturally they cannot do the im-
possible, you must co-operate. Feel
free to ask them for any assistance, at
any time, in your problems.

""B""—Let us assume that your rec-
ommendation for parole has been ap-
proved by the Board of Pardons and
the Governor. You are now ready for 
discharge on parole. By an Act of 
Assembly, approved the 1st day of 
May, 1929, the State Board of Pardons, 
assumes supervision of all men released
on parole from the Eastern and Western 
State Penitentiaries, and the Pennsyl-
vania Industrial School at Huntingdon.
So you come directly under the super-
vision of the Board of Pardons the 
moment you are released. The officials
of this institution ahve no further jur-
isdiction over you, unless you violate 
your parole and the Supervisor of Pa-
roles, by authority of the Board of 
Pardons, orders your return to the 
penitentiary. In that event we again
assume jurisdiction over you.

The plan as established by the State 
Board of Pardons for supervision of 
the men on parole is briefly outlined as
follows: 

When released from the penitentiary
you are given a copy of the rules and
regulations to be observed while on pa-
role. You should read these over and
make every effort to co-operate in ob-
serving them. You are advised to re-
port to a specific Field Agent who has
supervision of all paroled prisoners in
the locality where you plan to reside. 
This Field Agent will visit you at least 
once a month. He is your friend, and
his purpose is to counsel, advise and
assist you, whenever and wherever pos-
sible, in your efforts to regain your 
normal place in society again. These
Field Agents are responsible to the 
Supervisor of Paroles, who in turn is 
responsible to the Board of Pardons.

You are advised that violations of 
the rules and regulations will subject
you to return to the penitentiary. By pro-
visions of the Act of Assembly of May
10, 1909, if you are convicted of a crime 
while on parole it is mandatory that 
you return to serve the full maximum 
sentence as originally imposed, without
any credit for the time you were out.
So don't commit a crime on parole and
then when you get back to the institu-
tion expect the officials to find some
loop-hole through which they can re-
parole you. Their hands are tied by
law.

Infractions of the fules and regula-
tions, such as failure to report, chang-
ing addresses without permission, being 
drunk and disorderly in conduct, etc., 
when they cause your return, permit
your being reparoled, but not until such 
time as approved by the Supervisor of
Paroles, and the Board of Pardons.

You will note the important 
points:

1. Attend to the matter of sponsorship and
employment promptly and insufficient
time so there will be no delay in your
release at the proper time.
2. Your supervision while on parole is not 
by the officials of the penitentiary
3. A violation of parole by conviction for
another crime while on parole prhibits
consideration for reparole.