---
author: Dr. Lenn Bowman
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '053'
image: penpoints-1.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '1'
tags:
title: 'Protestant Services Continue Varied Order'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Protestant Services 
Continue Varied Order

Clergymen of different 
denominations make almost
daily appearances

The public services of the Pro-
testant group are held every Sun-
day morning in the area of the 10, 
11 and 2 blocks, at 9:15. In this
penitentiary attendance is entirely
optional. The program as followed
has been the leadership of the Sal-
vation Army on the second and 
fourth Sundays of each month.
The alternating Sundays are as-
signed to Rev. Frederick A. Smith,
of the Lutheran City Mission and
the Rev. Vincent J. Steffan. From
8 to 9 every Sunday morning Epis-
copal services are conducted in the
Chapel by Rev. Alfred M. Smith.
In all of these services inmate 
choirs participate in the music.

One of the valued offerings of
the religious ministry of the prison
is the personal service of Rev. Al-
fred M. Smith, Rev. Frederick A.
Smith, Rev. Vincent J. Steffan and
Brigadier Frank Croft of the Sal-
vation Army. These clergymen
visit the Institution practically ev-
ery day and conduct personal in-
terviews upon a wide field of sub-
jects among the inmates. The re-
ceiving gallery and the hospital
are especially assigned. We are
favored by the regular visits of
several clergyman of the different
denominations of colored groups.
Reports of an individual character
have been submitted by these visit-
ing ministers together with an ac-
count of the special services of the 
Christian Science body under the
direction of Mr. H. A. Nelke.

Ample opportunity is given to
all inmates to attend religious ser-
vices of the Protestant, the Cath-
olic and the Jewish Groups. There
is an emphasis placed upon the val-
ue of public worship, conformity 
to the principles of the religious
preferences cited at the time of 
the individual's admission to the
prison, and the study of the Word
of God under capable teaching.
The larger influences of religion
within this prison is unquestion-
ably the personal application of
its principles to the domestic and 
case problems of the inmate pop-
ulation. The loss of liberty provokes
the tremendous urge to regain that 
liberty. There are comforts and 
reconciliations in the message of 
all religions. There is value in the 
worship of the public assembly.
There is, however, no substitute for
the lifting power of personal coun-
sel which interprets the shattered 
hopes of a segregated group and
restores the individuals of such
group to the prospect of new starts
in life for themselves and the re-
newed confidence of their neigh-
bors. We subscribe to the liberal
personal contact of selected clergy-
men in the creation of new hopes
where despair may prevail.
—DR. LENN BOWMAN