---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '054'
image: penpoints-2.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '2'
tags:
title: "Let's Go!!"
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
LET'S GO!!

The purpose of this paper
is to furnish general information
regarding matters of importance 
to you and to establish better co-
operation and understanding be-
tween the inmates and officials.

The officials feel that this
paper will be of value in answer-
ing questions which are not clear
in your minds, and if you co-oper-
ate in a sensible manner, this paper
should develop into a valuable news
sheet.

This issue is an experiment 
and we solicit your suggestions as
to what items will make it of more
interest to you.

A question box will be placed
where it will be accessible to all, and
you are requested to write brief 
notes offering any suggestions or
asking any questions that may be
of interest to yourself or any other
inmate.

An Athletic Instructor will
be employed. Recreational pro-
grams will be arranged. As these 
programs are for your benefit, it is
expected that ALL will co-operate
and make this a successful Athletic
Year.

The Educational Program
will be enlarged and improved.
Take advantae of this opportun-
ity to increase your knowledge and 
you will find that earthly existence
can be made more harmonious and
livable in the future than it has in 
the past.

The rules of a penal institu-
tion are designed to enable a large 
number of human beings to live
and work together in an orderly,
self-respsecting, and co-operative
manner.