---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '056'
image: penpoints-2.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '2'
tags:
title: 'Jokes'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Anything for a Laugh
Mose (passing a cemetery): R-r-rastus, is yo' afraid of g-g-ghosts?
Rastus: Ah should say not. Dey is jest jokes to me.
Mose: D-d-den look behind yo' and g-g-get a g-g-good laugh!

Order! Order!
Man (rushing excitedly into crowded police station): I want to report the murder of a saxophone player.
Police Captain: Well, get in line.

The Acid Test
Keeper: You think you're sane, eh? Well, if we give you your liberty will you keep away from liquor and women?
Asylum Inmate: I certainly will.
Keeper: Then stay in. You're still crazy.

Sheriff: The horse thief we've jailed is becoming quite an expense.
Mayor: Oh, hang the expense.
Sheriff: Say, that's not a bad idea.

But, I tell you I'm bugs about you, baby.
Well, you'd better watch out for my husband; he's in the exterminating business.

Politics
Did the last governor of your state serve two terms?
Oh, yes. One in the capitol and one in the penitentiary.

Doubly Cruel
First young hubby: Gosh, what a bump I've got on my head. My wife and I had our first argument and she socked me on the head with a pie pan.
Second: Say, how could she do that much damage with a pie pan?
First: It had one of her pies in it.

Discovered
Wife: John, you've got a hair!
Baldheaded husband: Hooray! At last that tonic is doing some good.
Wife: Don't get funny. The hair's on your coat lapel.

Police
Maid: Im sorry ma'am, but I just broke three dishes out in the kitchen.
Mistress: But I thought you were entertaining a policeman out there.
Maid: I was, ma'am, until he got fresh.