---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '057'
image: penpoints-2.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '2'
tags:
title: "The Sky Devil's Code"
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
The Sky Devil's Code

THE SECOND DAY he joined the 
Twelfth Bristol Fighter Squad-
ron, Tim Barbour got his repu-
tation, and it was an evil one. So
was his nickname—the natural af-
termath of his reputation. Even 
the grease-balls took it upon them-
selves to be uppity with him. Ev-
erybody in the Twelfth called him 
""Chicken-Heart.""

When a man is called Chicken-
Heart, it can mean but one thing
—that he is a coward. And that
indeed was the Twelfth's opinion
of Barbour. They called him
Chicken-Heart to his face—and he
swallowed it and made no protest.

Wing companies excuse a great
deal in a man. He may be a boast-
er, a drunkard, a fool, wastrel; but
if he can fight, all these faults are
too easily forgiven and forgotten.
Not so with the cardinal sin of 
cowardice. That is the one fault 
which flyers—men who daily, hour-
ly, risk life and limb in the clouds
—will not abide.

Barbour learned, to his misery,
that the reputation of being a cow-
ard was all too easily gained and 
almost impossible to erase. He 
gained it one night in the local
estaminet where members of the
Twelfth were wont to foregather of
an evening to swap songs. Here
stories of the day's exploits were 
recounted, and the men limbered
up their fight-jaded sense with
white and red Frog lubricant.

Barbour had just come up from
Issoudon with a load of green
wingmen in the replacements. He
was tipping a glass to his lips when
someone jostled his elbow. The
glass flew from his fingers, its con-
tents be-spattering the face, collar
and tunic of one Mike McGovern,
a half-wing and observer. Now
Mike was Irish and Tim Barbour
was red-haired, lithe and rangy.
The members of the Twelfth looked
forward with eager interest to a 
good scrap. They knew Mike. He
loved nothing better than an even-
ing's stand-up-and-knock-down-
brawl. They expected Barbour's 
red hair was an indication of fistic
propensities. But in that they were 
woefully disappointed. No sooner
had Mike arisen, with the wild bel-
lowings of a maddened bull, than
Tim Barbour also rose to his feet
—white, trembling, unnerved.

No one spoke at sight of the agi-
tated young man. In fact many 
of the Twelfth's wingmen looked
away as would men whose stom-
achs proved too squeamish. They
couldn't bear to see a two-fisted
kid backing down. And that is
just what he did. Tim Barbour
backed down. He listened, with a
nervous, deprecating grin, to Mike's
abusive flow of language. Mike
called him everything from a skunk
to things unprintable. He took it
with a strained smile, his hands
gripping the edge of the table so
tightly that the knuckles showed a
line of white. His face wore a
tight unhappy look. That look—
members of the Twelfth interpret-
ed as meaning only one thing—
Tim Barbour was afraid.

""I'm—I'm very sorry,"" he said
in a low, hesitant voice when Mike
paused to take a breath. ""It won't
-er-happen again, I assure you.
Please forget it.""

""Shore, an' why should Oi for-
get, yuh lanky bean-pole?"" roared
the obstreperous Mike. ""Why, yuh
look so damn scairt, Oi wonder can
yuh raise yore fists to fight, by
golly.""

""Please,"" muttered Barbour.
""I apologized. That ought to be
enough. I don't care to fight.""

""Don't care,"" bellowed Mike,
unabashed, ""it's afraid yuh are, 
that's what it is. Why for two 
cents—"" He broke off in complete 
disgust. ""What's the use? You're 
yellow.""

Not even at that insulting re-
mark did Barbour take offense. He
grinned a sickly grin, then sub-
sided into his seat, face flaming
with embarrassment. Mike McGov-
ern turned away. And so did every
other member of the Twelfth. In
five minutes Tim Barbour found
he was sitting alone at his table.
In ten minutes he was in sole pos-
session of the entire corner. The
next morning his reputation was
consolidated. He was ""Chicken-
Heart"" Barbour to everybody.

He was an outcast—branded a coward.

* * * 

So passed a month. 
Barbour still hung on. It was
thought that he would seek to
be transferred where at least his
reputation was unkown, but he 
made no such move. The night of
June 18th, he was sitting in his
tiny room. From the estaminet 
came strains of happy music—
piano and voice. Suddenly, like a
bolt out of the dark sky overhead,
came a series of bombs. One struck
the landing field, plowing up the 
turf. Another missed the Admin-
istration building by a couple of 
yards. The third bit the estaminet.
Out of the chaos and the thunder, 
out of the screams of the wounded
and dying, came a steady voiced
summons.

""A Boche bombing party. To 
the air, men. Toddle out the 
crates."" The Twelfth never knew
that the voice so bold, so steady,
so challenging was that of Chicken-
Heart Barbour. In ten minutes
three planes had been rolled out
of the hangars. Their motors were
kicked over and they tore cross-
wind down the field, zooming for 
the stars. In one of the three
planes, Mike McGovern was busy
buckling himself into the observer's
seat. In the rush and hurry of the
take-off, he had not seen his part-
ner. He thumped the camel back
that separated pilot and observer
and the pilot turned about. Both 
men looked surprised, but Mike's
face also registered disgust. The
pilot was Chicken-Heart Barbour.
""I would draw the lemon,"" growled
Mike.

Anti-aircraft batteries were
shooting for all they were worth.
Three streaks of brilliant white 
light speared the heavens, marking 
the positions of the Fokker D7s.
Before the first of the three Bris-
tols got her proper fighting alti-
tude, two of the Fokkers swooped
down upon her and blasted her out
of the sky. It looked like a rout.
Mike swore under his breath, gave
his Vickers a warming burst. He
shouted as he recognized one of 
the Boche planes as that of von
Stollen, the famed German ace.
But he was busy the next second
keeping another of the Fokkers off
his tail. Out of the corner of his 
eye, he saw von Stollen rush at the 
Bristol. He groaned, but Barbour 
instantly shot the ship into a zoom. 
Up and down across and back, the
planes wheeled, looped, zoomed,
dived. The Germans were fast
getting the upper hand.

Barbour was flying like a gen-
ius or a maniac; it was hard to tell
which. Like a comet, the German
ace ripped across the Bristol's path 
and fired a blazing stream into her 
nose. Mike himself was shooting
wildly. He yelled lustily as one of
the Fokkers tumbled earthward, a
pillar of descending flame. Pour-
ing full gun to the roaring Rolls
motor, Barbour tore at von Stollen.
But suddenly the German ace's 
Spandau stream stopped. Just as
suddenly a searchlight caught the 
Fokker and Barbour and Mike saw
von Stollen's hands—both of them
—raised above his head.

It was a moment for a perfect
burst from Barbour's guns, but he
did not fire. Those raised hands
of the Boche reitmeister meant one
thing: his gun had jammed. One
blast and the German ace would be 
no more. But Barbour, instead of 
firing, threw the Bristol around in
a steep bank, saw that the other 
Bristol was more than holding its
own against the second Fokker.
Then he saw flickering tongues of
orange and green flame spurt from
von Stollen's Spandrau. The gun
was working again. The German 
waved a hand, and Barbour also
waved. Grinning Mike McGovern
waved back also.

And then the fierce battle was re-
sumed in earnest. Roaring Vickers
were matched against spattering 
Spandau; Yankee grit against Ger-
man nerve. Fire and flame against
flame and fire. Bullets crackled
against bullets, mile high in the
sky. Molten steel hit at Barbour's 
gun hand. But before the hand
was disabled he launched a scald-
ing stream of tracers into the Fok-
ker's belly. Blood poured from his
hand, but he paid no attention.
One of his bullets had hit the mark.
Von Stollen's Fokker exploded in
mid-air, lighting up the sky. Cov-
ered with blood and smeared with
grit and oil, Barbour clambered
from the cock-pit. Mike McGovern
threw an arm around him.

""Brother,"" said Mike, ""kick me.
Kick me damned hard. Oi've been
a fool, calling yuh Chicken-Heart.
'Tis 'Great-Heart' yuh should be
named. As soon as Oi seen yuh give 
that Jerry ace a chancet when his
gun jammed, Oi knew yuh was no
coward. It took nerve to let him
get an even chancet against yuh.
There ain't anuther pilot in the 
company would'a done it.""

Mike's voice dropped. ""But, son,
why didn't yuh put up your fists
to me that first night? Hell, I bet
yuh could lick me.""

Barbour grinned happily. ""Lick
you? Sure, with one hand behind
my back. Listen, I didn't feel
called upon to explain before, but 
now I will. Years ago, I took an 
oath never to fight. Sounds funny,
huh? Well, here's why.

""I got red hair and a terrible 
temper. Once I nearly killed a
guy in a fight. You see, I just for-
get everything, my mind goes
blank. I'm—I'm like crazy. So I 
made myself promise never again
to fight. It's the only way. It's
the code I wrote for myself.""

""Yeah,"" echoed Mike, slapping
Barbour on the shoulder. ""Call it
the sky-devil's code.""

(The End)