---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '006'
image: GratePhilNews-1.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '1'
tags:
- sports
title: 'All-Stars Nip Pennac with Six Run Rally'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
All-Stars Nip Pennac
with Six Run Rally

Farm nine chases Simmons
Powhida to gain a 10- 8
victory

Showins absolutely no regard tor the
highly vaunted Penn Athletic Club nine,
composed of some of the best collegiate
athletes turned out in the East, the All-
Star nine at the Farm clustered six runs
in the seventh inning to turn back ie
Thomas’ club, 10-8.

Trailing 7-4 in the lucky seventh,
Whitey ’s single chased Ray home and
F. Rip’s double tabbed Meehan and H.
Whitey with the tying runs. Coach
Buck’s club took the lead a moment
later when Johnny Reds laced out a two
bagger that sent F. Rip scampering to
the plate, “and before the inning was
over, Lefty's beautiful bunt allowed
Kelly and John Reds to sneak home
with the ninth and tenth runs.

Simmons was on the hill when the
All-Stars started golfing the apple and
Johnny Powhida, former University of
Pennsylvania great, went in to squelch
the uprising.. After four of his pitches
were sent back to him faster than he
threw them plateward, Carson Thompson
ascended the knoll.

Thompson, former Temple University
star, just recently garnered his 29th
consecutive victory while hurling for
Stonehurst A.A. and showed plenty in
the eighth, but it was too late to mean
anything.

The first six men on the All-Star team
accounted for all of the Stars? bingles,
Meehan and J. Reds leading with three,
H. Whitey, F. Rip and Lefty each get-
ting two, and Kelly one. F, Rip, Kelly,
Lefty and J. Reds had two baggers and
the latter also had a triple.

Rolfe ‘‘Swede’’ Carlsten, who led the
Intercollegiate League batters and earned
a tryout in the International League
after graduating from Penn, led Penn
A.C. with a long home run and a triple.
Walt Hddowes took what was left of the
batting laurels with a double and two
singles.

Kelly played a beautiful game at
short for the Stars, handling nine chane-
es without a boot, while Jimmy Dough-
erty did the best work afield for Penn
A.C. with five chances. Berry and Ray
handled the pitching assignment for the
victors, and although touched for thirteen
bingles, kept them well scattered.

It was only the third defeat for Penn
A.C. and the first reverse since playing
semi-professional ball. Temple University
with Hddie Cramer, the star southpaw
who is now with the Washington Sena-
tors hurling both games, administered
both previous defeats. In addition to
turning back Pennsylvania and other
leading colleges in these parts, the elub-
men have been sweeping through the
best sandlot teams around these parts.

ALL-STARS
|               | r  | h | e |
| Meehan, rf    | 2  | 3 | 0 |
| H. Whitey, lf | 2  | 2 | 0 |
| F. Rip, c     | 2  | 2 | 0 |
| Kelly, ss     | 1  | 1 | 0 |
| Reds, cf      | 2  | 3 | 0 |
| Lefty, 1b     | 0  | 2 | 0 |
| J. Rip, 2b    | 0  | 0 | 0 |
| Willy, 3b     | 0  | 0 | 0 |
| Berry, p      | 0  | 0 | 0 |
| Ray, p        | 1  | 0 | 0 |
| Butts, 2b     | 0  | 0 | 0 |
| A. Whitey, 3b | 0  | 0 | 0 |
|---------------|----|---|---|
| Totals        | 10 | 3 | 1 |

PENN A. C.
|             | r | h  | e |
| Glatt, lf   | 1 | 2  | 0 |
| Dough'y, ss | 1 | 1  | 0 |
| Carls'n, 2b | 2 | 2  | 0 |
| McGill, cf  | 1 | 1  | 0 |
| Harwi, c    | 2 | 1  | 0 |
| Calla'n, 1b | 0 | 2  | 1 |
| Edd,wes, 3b | 0 | 3  | 0 |
| Mohr, rf    | 1 | 0  | 0 |
| Simmons, p  | 0 | 1  | 0 |
| Powhida, p  | 0 | 0  | 0 |
| Thomp'n, p  | 0 | 0  | 0 |
| Jauss, rf   | 0 | 0  | 0 |
|-------------|---|----|---|
| Totals      | 8 | 13 | 1 |

Two-base hits, H. Whitey, F. Rip, Kelly,
Reds, Lefty, Hddowes,,. Three-base hits—
Reds, Carlstein, McGill, Glatt,, Home run
—(Carlstein. Stolen bases—Mohr, HH. Whi-
tey. Sacrifice—J. Rop. Left on bases—All-
Stars, 5; Penn A. O., 7. Bases on balls—Oft
Berry, 2; Ray, 1. Struck out—By Berry,
4; Ray, 1, Simmons, 1. Hits—Off Berry, 7
in 5 2-3 innings; off Simmons, 10; in 6
innings, off Ray, 6 in 3 1-3 innings; off
Powhida, 2 in 1-3 inning; off Thompson,
1 in 1 2-3 innings. Hit by pitcher—By
Powhida (Kelly). Wild piteh—Berry. Win-
ning pitcher—Ray. Losing pitcher—Simmons.

Umpires—Manlon and McIntyre. Time of
game—2.05.