---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '063'
image: penpoints-4.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '4'
tags:
title: "The Question Box"
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
The Question Box

1. Question:—If granted com-
mutation of sentence by the State
Board of Pardons at the February
meeting, how soon thereafter will
I be released?

Answer:—First it is neces-
sary that the official papers,
signed by the Governor cer-
tifying to the commutation
of your sentence, be received
at this Institution. After re-
ceipt of the official papers,
you are given a hearing be-
fore the institution Parole
Board, and generally recom-
mended for parole. This rec-
ommendation for parole must
then be forwarded to the 
State Board of Pardons at
its next meeting. The Board
of Pardons then considers
the recommendation for
your parole and if approved,
the papers are forwarded to
the Governor for his signa-
ture. After which they are 
sent to the Institution. Up-
on receipt of the Parole pa-
pers, you are then released.
It generally takes from 4 to 
6 weeks from the date of the
granting of commutation.

* * * *

2. Question:—If I am granted 
commutation of sentence by the
State Board of Pardons, do the pa-
role regulations govern me in the
same manner as an inmate released
on parole at the expiration of his
minimum sentence?

Answer:—Yes. Commutat-
tion of sentence by the State
Board of Pardons is reduc-
ing the time of your mini-
mum sentence to expire on a
date fixed by the Pardon 
Board. Your parole is then
secured in the same manner
as if your minimum sentence 
had expired, and you are
subjected to all the rules and
regulations of the State Pa-
role Board in the same man-
ner as an inmate released at 
the expiration of his sent-
ence. For example, if you
were serving a 10 to 20 year
sentence and made applica-
tion to the State Board of 
Pardons after having served
4 years and were successful
in receiving favorable action
by the Board of Pardons, 
your sentence would then 
read from 4 to 20 years and
would be subject to the pa-
role regulations for a period 
of 16 years.

* * * *

3. Question:—If I desire infor-
mation on questions not clear in 
my mind about my sentence, par-
don, or parole matters, how could
I secure this information?

Answers—At 2:30 P.M. each
Wednesday, interviews are 
held by the Institution and
State Parole Officers who at
this time will attempt to an-
swer any questions that are
placed before them. These in-
terviews are held in the De-
puty's Office or any other of-
fice nearby.

* * * *

4. Question:—When making ap-
plication to the State Pardon 
Board, is it necessary to employ
an Attorney?

Answer:—No. The Officials
of the INstitution are very glad
to give assistance in this mat-
ter. Consult your Chaplain
who will advise you how to
have your papers made out
without the employment of an 
Attorney.