---
author: Frank Herkness (librarian)
day: '14'
editor: Unknown
id: '067'
image: penpoints-4.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: Pen Points
_page: '4'
tags:
title: "Read Good Books"
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Read Good Books

Education has no beginning and
no end. Children begin to read be-
fore they begin to talk. Aged men
and women continue to learn until
the time of physical dissolution.
The world is a school, humanity is
a succession of classes at study.
Every crisis, every moral test, ev-
ery demand for judgment, is an
examination. In the end, the great-
est degree of all is in the thought
that one may face the hereafter 
without fear.

Colleges have no magic. They
cannot transmute base metal into
gold. They organize and coordin-
ate the world's offerings in learn-
ing and in wisdom. Those offerings
are everywhere. To the man or
woman unable to go to college, they
are yet at hand and available. Read
—Read good books!

All the thoughts of the ancient 
philosophers are set down in print
for all generations. Aristotle, Plato
and the rest are gone, yet they re-
main forever. The great struggles
of humanity to rise; the uncon-
querable determination of the race
to achieve freedom and happiness;
these are on the records. Readers 
of books can live again the emo-
tions that have swayed people and
determined the boundaries of na-
tions. The high thoguhts of Emer-
son and the gentle humor of Dr. 
Holmes, these remain with us—
friendly companions that will come
at a gesture. The singing narra-
tives of Homer go singing through 
the ages.

Read—there is no book which
youths will read in preparation for
the mid-year of final examinations,
which those who are not in institu-
tions of learning may not have for 
themselves. There is no wealth of
learning which one may not ap-
proach through the printed page.

We hear praise for the man who
does things. Achievement, consum-
mation of purpose, these are entitled
to the admiration they receive. Yet
there never has been any deed done
in this mortal world which did not
have its preceding thought; and
the printed word is the vehicle for
most of the world's thought.

Through many centuries fine-
minded men have been striving to
advance human understanding and
wisdom. All that they have done
through the centuries is at your 
door.

Open the door and let in the 
books of the world.
—FRANK HERKNESS, Librarian