---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '008'
image: GratePhilNews-1.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '1'
tags:
- sports
title: 'Track and Field Events to open July Fourth Program at Farm'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Track and Field Events 
to open July Fourth 
Program at Farm

Tug of war and fat men's race
feature nine event
lay-out

STARTS AT 8:00 AM.

A tug of war between four twenty-
man teams and a fat men’s race will
feature the Fourth of July track and
field meet at the Farm. The activities
will get started at 8:00 A.M. and finish
a few minutes before dinner.

In the tug of war event, scheduled to
get under way at 11:15, A Block will
stack up against E Block and C Block
will meet D Block in the preliminaries,
The winners will then fight it out to
decide the institutional championship.

The baseball throw will be open to
many man in the institution with the ex-
ception of All-Star team and First and
Second White and Colored league play-
ers.

The high jump will start at five feet,
like all the other individual contests,
will be limited to five representatives
from each block. A base running con-
test will commence at 9:00 A.M. and
will be followed by the 100-yard dash.

The other feature of the program will 
be the old men's race, open to those over 
40 years of age. The distance will be
50 yards, while the other individual tests
will be the 220-yard dash, and a special
50-yard race for men over 200 pounds.

A shuttle relay race and the tug of 
war will conclude the program. There
will be four men on the team and each
man will run 220 yards.

No member of the institution may
enter more than two events and prizes
will be awarded to first and second place
winners in each test. There will be no
prizes given for the tug of war and only 
the winning team in the relay will re-
ceive an award.

SCHEDULE OF EVENTS

8:00 A.M. Baseball throw
8:30 High jump
9:00 Base running
9:25 100-yard dash
10:00 Old men’s race
10:15 220-yard dash
10:45 Fat men’s race
11:00 Relay race
11:15 Tug of war
A vs. E
C vs. D