---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: Unknown
id: '009'
image: GratePhilNews-1.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: Grate-Phil News
_page: '1'
tags:
- sports
title: 'Ajax A.C. Faces Stars in Holiday Feature'
volume: '1'
year: '1934'
---
Ajax A.C. Faces Stars
in Holiday Feature

Farm nine will attempt to start
new streak against
Reading club

The powerful Ajax A.C. of Reading,
Pa, will be the opposition for the All-
Star nine and wind up a full day of
athletics at the Farm on the Fourth of
July. The ball game will be played in
the afternoon and a large crowd of spec-
tators is expected for the fuss.

The Farm tossers have been going at
a merry clip this season and have built
up a mice record. They have captured
eight of the ten games played to date,
excluding the game with the Olney Aces
Saturday.

Coach Buck’s nine started off with
four straight wins, defeating Skippack,
2-1, 45th Ward, 9-4, Roxborough, 17-9,
and the Parkway Baking Company, 23-6.
Quakertown broke the slate with a 5-4
triumph in a listless game, but the All- —
Stars got started on another streak with-
out wasting any time.

Hampden, the same team yen de-
feated Quakertown 12-4, suffered a 21-6
shellacking, the Moree lost 9-8, Penn
A.C. bowed, 10-8, and the Rangers lost
a 2-1 squeeze. Kennett Square had the
honor of being the second team to de-
feat the locals, turning in an 8-6 card.

The Ajax club will lineup with Clay,
Burns and Remley in the outfield and
Rohrback and Mancuso forming the bat-
tery. The infield, starting at first and
swinging around the diamond, will be
made up of Brown, Painter, Beard and
Knowleski. Ertel, Klingaman, Walters,
Huzzard, Strunk and Herman are the
spares who will probably see action be-
for the game is over.