---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_005.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

ol.2 No. 1

Wednesday March 19, 1913

WPIKING OF KNABE OF PHILLIES
MAY CAUSE BLOOD POISONING

& SOUTHERN PINES, N.C.,

he first real hard luck of the Phillies’
iaining season hit the camp to-day,
hen Second Baseman Otto Knabe was
tverely spiked and put out of the game.
‘e received a cut an inch long and about
sl quarter of an inch deep on his instep,
hd there is danger of blood poisoning
ifting in, as the heavy woolen stocking
3 wore was pressed into the wound.
frainer Mike Dee gave immediate atten-
on to the wound and Doc Miller took a
Knabe will not
i able to play for several days, and if
ere is any signs of the wound being
fected he will not attempt any more
fork here for fear of being out of the
fame when the regular championship
The accident does not
leaken the team.any, as Dolan has been
laying second base and has been doing:
‘Jae work, but Knabe is sure to missed,
ihd there was an air of gloom permeating
pe atmosphere around the Phillies’
~|say that the Band have secured a battery

nuple of stiches in it.

iliason opens.

s-"? ymp this evening.

o he score by innings:

000001000—
01010001 0—3

1.9f Regulars

i Yanigans

y ;lay Ten Innings Without a Score.

“ §In a ten inning scoreless battle, be-

. iveen Penn Varsity and a Scrub Team,

two hits.
ort-stop,

,5' farsity pitchers.

[The Penn baseball men have never
» »owed up nearly so well at this early

lllite in any previous season.

1 ly.

4 e Scrub pitchers held the Varsity team

Mike Doolan, the Phillies
played short-stop for the
rubs, but failed to register a hit off the

Scarlock’s Deductions.

Press dispatchés sent out from South- |

ern Pines, 8. C., Marlin, Texas, San An-

' tonio, Texas, and various other training

quarters, are full of the doings of Dooin,
Doolan and Dolan, and Murray, Mau-
quard and Myers; also the great head-
work of young infielder Slaw, late of the
Cabbage League. Very 1nterest1ng to

their friends in the North, and very cred- |

itable to the gentlemen themselves, but
not so important to the boys in here.
‘What we want to know here is, wheth-
er ‘‘Fatty,’”’ last season’s second baseman
of the Giants, is going to strengthen the
Plasterers; or if Capt. John of the 9th
still has his batting eye. For the past
week or more, various groups have been
seen around 4 o’clock, discussing this
and that.great find secured by the Stock-
ing Shed, Library or Plasterers. How
during a game on the outside, a pitcher
that the Plasterers have signed, let a
strong cigar team down with one run in
21 innings, with a broken finger, and
Dave, the manager of the Plasterers,
claims if he had had hisleg broke, too,
he would have shut them out. Some

that were sent here together. It seems,
so the story runs, that this particular
pitcher and his battery mate, were play-
ing with Mudville against Sugar Notch,

and the speed of this pitcher was so ter- |

rific, that a ball delivered by him to the
catcher, went through the catcher’s
hands and hit a spectator watching the
game, 27 yards away. killing him instant-

ed, and convicted, the pitcher as the
principal, and the catcher as an accesso-
ry; the State proving that it was through
his hand the man was killed. Our

of the Plasterers had been futile.

the, 12th. For three Weekq we have
searched unceasingly, but to no avail.
We had given up all hope of seeing this
man until the season opened; when the
other day, ‘Slick’’, the catcher of the
9th, overheard “Tony’’ and ‘‘Stump’’, of
the Plasterers, - discussing the coming
season and- their prospects therein.

The pitcher and catcher were arrest- |

ef- |
forts to locate that phenomenal pitcher
Some |
say he is on the sixth block, others say

Priceless

“Slick’’ had not long to wait. Soon
they were comparing this wonderful
pitcher’s work, with that of the other
pitchers in here. Then inadvertantly,
“Stump’’ spoke of him locking on the
11th Block, and straightway ‘‘Slick’’ re-
| ported to headquarters.

We had a talk with Overseer John
Beecher, but from his conversation knew
he was partial to the enemy. Neverthe-
less, we continued our search, and a word
crathel ed here and there soon put us on
to what particular room he was locking
in. After a few unsuccessful attempts,
/it was plain to be seen we could do noth-
iug from the inside of the Block, so we
directed our efforts to another source.
Last Friday, we understood that the
tinners would be at work on the 11th
Block roof. A few ginger cakes, secur-
ed from ‘‘Dick”’ the tinner, the loan of
his tools; and after an hour or two roll-
ing in the coal pile, we manage to get
our face as dirty as ‘‘Dick’s’’, and tak-
ing his tools and fire pot we quickly ap-
proached the 11th Block. Following
our instructions as closely as possible,
we came to what we thought was the
window of this remarkable pitcher’s
cell. Approaching cautiously on our
hands and knees, we looked down at a
man industriously making stockings.
From all outward appearances, the man
looked the part of a great pitcher, and
we then knew that our efforts had not
been in vain. After vainly trying to at-
tract his attention, we drew closer, and
putting our head into the window, put
the question right to him. ‘“Say ‘Bo’,
‘are you a pitcher?”’ The man stopped
his work and gave us a perplexed look,
and we again repeated the question.
For a moment he hesitated; then replied
“No, me Hungarian’’— In the gather-
|ing dust, a snow bird’s call was heard,
and the auswer of its mate in the val-
ley below.

The “Dutch” failed to String the “Harps”

A Team composed of Irish, and one
of Dutch, played a game at Southern
Pines on 8t. Patrick’s Day. The Irish
'won by the Score of 7 to 6,

In the 8th and 9th inning, Seaton for
the ‘‘Harps’’, fanned 5 straight men.
Chalmers was on the firing line for the
Dutchmen and was touched up for 9 hits.

The regular team plays Baltimore, of
the International League, at Fayettville,
| N. C. today.

