---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_007.jpg
---
Some Aspirants for Cabinet Posi-
tions.

IGNACIO CRABFLAKE had expect-
ed to be Wilson’s Secretary of State, be-
cause he once gave the President a match
~ when his pipe went out.

- GUSTAV NICOTINE whose father

was Wilson’s barber, says it is no more
than right that he should have been ap-
pointed Postmaster-General.

TOBIAS FIERCE the house decora-
tor, who is an old friend of Wilson’s
Cousin, expected to land the job of Sec—
retary of the Interior.

It was whispered that OSCAR PIC-

KLESAUER would hold down Secre- |l :
| His type of imagery was remarkable.

| He could dig the Panama Canal with a

tary of the Treasury. He once shared
a banana with Wilson when they were
boys together.

CICERO MacSAUSAGE was spoken
of vigorously for Secretary of War.
Mr. Wilson owes him a debt of gratitude
for loaning him his umbrella one day
when it looked like rain.

LLEWELLYN J. FLOUNDER’S —
friends believed he had the Attorney-
General’s job cinched. Mr. Wilson show-
ed his friendly feeling toward Flounder

some years ago, when he allowed him to
hold his horse.

Athletics Down Dallas.

The Athletics’ Regulars beat Dallas on
Sunday by the score of 8-5. ‘“Home
Run’ Baker was there with three hits,
one of which was a double. It was a
- pitcher’s battle till the sixth inning;
when Murphey bunted, and doubles by
Collins, Oldring and Baker, followed by
singles of McInnis and Egan netted the
* Athletics five runs.

Durning, the Athletics’ pitcher got
away with a bad start. In the Sth, 4
singles a base on balls and a hit bats-
man, gave the Home Guards four runs.
~ Score 8-5.

‘art of printing, which, in turn, has stim-
'ulated education.
 tellectual competition, worldwide,

| stantly.

| to handle it. No one need be without it, |

'a bottle of Ink.

'an individual in search of employment

THE UMPIRE

Economic Psychotechnics.

Within the past half century, human
intelligence seems to have bounded for-
ward in a most remarkable manner. The
telegraph, the telephone, the wireless,
steam power, electric power and light,
have given talents a wider scope than
ever before. They have forwarded thel
Intelligence and in- |
are
making the world fabulously rich. Men
and women are on the alert to associate
themselves with the new things and the |
resulting financial prosperity.

New inventions are coming to us con-
Men are thinking harder, and
work seems to be waiting for someone |

as it is here for the asking—but, there

are a lot of patients suffering from a very

contagious disease called ‘‘workalitis.”’
After investigating a certain case it

developed that:

His space and time sense were sufﬁment

His disposition to fatigue was normal.

lead pencil and could irrigate Texas with |

No disease or poison is ever discovered
for which there is no antidote. Prof.
Munsterburg has discovered a science
which he calls economic psychotechnics,
or Sizing Up a Person for a JOB. It
has been my pleasant ( and un-pleasant )
experience, to become acquainted with
a number of men who are seriously think-
ing of going to work soon. They are
all at sea as to what kind of a job would
suit them. Some of them are as change-
able as the presidents in Mexico. One
man 1 recall, having made attempts to
master several arts, and after much
time and effort failed in each, only to re-
mark: ‘“‘No one knows what 1’1l do.”’
He don’t know himself, and hereby we
publish the hint.

Prof. Munsterburg, of Harvard says:
¢ ‘Eeonomic Psychotechnics’ applied to

will analize his psychic make-up showing
among other things:

“The type of his attention.

The strength of his different emotions.

His disposition to fatigue.

His memory and will energy.

His space sense and his time sense.

His ability to learn, his judgment and his

power to discriminate.

His type of imagery.

““Thus, by economic psychotechnics, an
employer can discriminate the applicants
according to their actual efficiency, and |
the applicants by consulting a psycholo- |
gist attain what kind of holes they fit in-
to withoutrattling around annoyingly.”’

The new science we hope will pre-
vent hodcarriers from becoming printers
and clerks and carpenters and black-
smiths from becoming musicians or ar-

tists.

The Reconstructed Giants.

The dramatis personae of the New
York Giants for 1913, now that Thorpe
is one of them, has been presented as
follows :

Little-Chief-not-afraid-of-the-Umpires

 —MecGraw.

Chew-in-the-Face—Doyle.
Big-Six-Not-Afraid-of-Tinker— Math-
ewson. ‘
Heap-Much-Squaw-Man—Marquard.
Red-Fire-on-the-Head—Murray.
Chin-in-the-Air—Fletcher.
All-Time-Chew-Rag—Herzog.
Big-Balloon-Never-Go-Up—Robinson.
Chain-on-the-Foot-—MecCormick.
Hit-and-Pitch-in-Pinch—Crandall.
Hole-in-the-Glove—Snodgrass.
Sun-in-the-Face—Devore.
No-More-Bone-in-Head—Merkle.
Man-Need- Healv Big-Wampum—Wil-
son.
All-Time-Skin-Bear-Alive—Tesreau.
Brave-With-Tomahawk-in-Face—
Wiltse.
Always-No-Luck—Ames.
Little Pappoose— Hennessy.
Crazy-Like-Fox—Faust.
Man-Hates-Squaw-Notes—Schaffer.
John T. Meyers, Esq., and James
Thorpe, Esq.,—All-American battery.
—Exchange.

Rules for Health.

Avoid drinking stuff from bottles be-
fore you have looked at the labels.

Refrain from working in coal mines
where there are likely to be accumula-
tions of fire-damp.

When the elevator is crowded wait for
the next car.

Skate only where you know the ice to
be thick.

Wait for the car to stop, even if in so
doing you waste three-quarters of a sec-
ond of your valuable time.

If the man who calls you a liar is big
and brawny, treat him with silent con-
tempt.

When you see a crowd of people run-
ning madly in one direction, turn and
go the other way.

Shun jails.
unsanitary.

They are likely to be very

Don’t be afraid of wearing out the
bath tub. Thin people should always
vacate the tub before removing the stop-
per, otherwise disaster will follow.
