---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_008.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

©

W
e

A Few Friendly Suggestions.

I presume that you areall aware of the
fact, that the baseball season is almost at
hand. I would like to presenta few
friendly suggestions in regard to same.

Boys! I know that youare all fond of
the game, and we have chosen six strong
teams to represent the league this year,
who no doubt will make a verygood,
showing, as well as exciting. It will be
necessary for us to ask you to kindly re-
frain from all arguments, and abide by
the decisions of the umpire while on the
field. Boys don’t do anything that will
cause you to be sent to your cell, and
have you shut off from the rest of the
games. We are trying to arrange the
teams so as there will be a royal battle
each time the teams meet one another,

and they all promise to be exciting; but |
don’t let them be so exciting that you |

will lose your head. We want you to root
and have a good time, but don’t knock
any of the players, or overstep the rules
of the Institution, because it will mean
being sent to your cell for the remain-
der of the season. Those of you who do
not get to see the games, will be kept
well informed through the weekly edi-
tions of the Umpire, as we have a com-
petent force engaged in the printing
dept. who are kept well posted. With the
help of all, we will endeavor to make
this one of the best baseball seasons yet
to be seen inside of these walls; and we

can do it, if you will only refrain from |

allarguments, and knocking one another.

We must learn to look upon this as a |

special privilege, granted by the War-

den, and who has the power, 1o abolish |

1t at once, if things do not go as he
wants them. So boys do not abuse the
privilege and spoil it for all of us, even
if baseball does not interest you as an
individual. So if you do not derive any
pleasure from the game, be cheerful and
help the fellow next to you to enjoy it.

Many of us have already picked the
team to win the pennant; some have pick-
ed the Library; others have picked the
Ninth Block; and you cannot convince
the friends of the Plasterers that they
won’t eop the flag; still some have pfcked
the Stocking Shed; while others have
build their hopes in the Band team of
coming out victorious; and some have

confidence in the Cubs winning the pen—'

ant. But as it is rather early in the

season to pick the winner, we will all
play good ball and may the best team
win.

In closing we desire to say, that if
the boys as a body stick together,
and play together, instead of arguing,
we will assure youn that this will be the
best baseball season ever seen in here.

“If you can’t boost don’t knock”

Band Concert.

The band concert to be given by our
band Easter Monday, promises to be the
most appropriate as well as entertaining
given for some time. Of course some
sclections may not be so well understood
by some of wus, but listen for the 7th
number, Some surprise.

The following program will be given,
at 2.30 p. m. sharp.

Entry March—The New Arrival Brazil
My Country Tis of Thee - :
1 Hallelujah Chorus Handel
2 Overture—Fra Diavolo Auber
3 Waltz—Vienna Beauties Liehrer
4 Cornet Solo-—The Holy City Adams
5 Selection—Martha St. Clair
6 Dances from Henry VIII German
7 Selection—Chimes of Normandy
Planquette
8 March—53rd Iowa Fraser
9 Star Spangled Banner Keys
Exit March—Old Faithful Holzmann

Hlustrated Lecture.\

Those who were fortunate enough to -
attend the Lecture on Saturday, listened
to a very interesting lecture on Italy.
The subject was handled in a very able
manner, and covered a wide range of
territory; from Genoa in the North to
Naples in the South. The views shown,
gave a true picture of lifein Italy, and
must have been a revelation to those who.

have never traveled in other lands. The
views of Lake Como were especially
good, and the pictures of Mount Vesu-
vious awe inspiring.

We noticed several Italians in the
audience, and by their aetions saw that
they thoroughly enjoyed the familiar
scenes of home life,

We feel sure that every man present
on Saturday, will second our thanks to
the gentlemen who so generously volun-
teered their time to this work, and hope
it will have good results in creating a de-
sire for knowledge of the world in which
welive; for ‘‘Knowledge is power.”’

We hope that in the near future it
may be possible to have larger quarters
for these lectures, so that more may
participate in them: as we feel sure that
their influence cannot be anything but
helpful. :

My Lord And 3

By Rohert Davis

““I worked for men,”’ my Lord will say
When we meet at the end of the King's Highway,
“I walked with the beggar along the road,
I kissed the bondsman stung by the goad,
I bore my half of the porter's load.
And what did you?” my Lord will say,
““As you traveled along the King’s Highway?”’

‘I made life sweet,’”” my Lord will say
When we meet at the end of the King’s Highway,
““I smoothed the path where the thorns annoy,
I gave the mother back her boy,
- I mended the children’s broken toy,
And what did you?’’ my Lord will say,
““As you traveled along the King’s Highway.”’

““I showed men God,”” my Lord will say,
““As I traveled along the King’s Highway,
I eased the sister’s troubled mind ;
I helped the blighted to be resigned ;
I showed the sky to the souls grown blind,
And what did you?”’ my Lord will say,
When we meet at the end of the King’s Highway.
