---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_009.jpg
---
_THE UMPIRE

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

Vol. 2 No 2.

Wednesday March 26, 1913

Priceless

Baseball

The days have come, for hits and runs,
For aches and sores, for wordy wars,
In Baseball.

The clubs in line, all show up fine,
There is no sign, of losing time
At Baseball.

The Ninth looks fit, and say they’re It,
They field and hit, but wait a bit
Its Baseball.

The Stocking Shed, are far from dead,
They go ahead, and talk in bed
Of Baseball.

And in the Band, the boys play grand,
Have they the sand, to make a stand,
At Baseball?

The Plasterer team they always seem,
To have the steam, and are real keen,
For Baseball.

The Librar-y, on the gal-ler-y
Have signed a plea, the flag to see,
That’s Baseball.

The Cubslook wise, and wink their eyes,
And for their size, they may surprise,
At Baseball.

Now watch and wait, its near the date
To pass the ‘‘gate’’, and gee the plate.
And Baseball.

If the team you pick, don’t get their lick
Please don’t get sick, orraise a kick.
It’s Baseball.
—By B 6388

Phillies Won in Ninth,

Durham, N. C.

The Phillics won out by a hair over
the Durham club of the Carolina League
here today. In the9th inning, with the
score 4 to 3 in favor of Durham, things

looked bad for the Phillies. Magee, first

up, hit a long fly to left field. Kelly
booted Miller’s grounder, and this stars-
ed things going. Dolan sacrificed him
to second, and Dooin selected himself to
bat for Dodge and slammed out a two
bagger, which put across the tying run,
and then La Longe ordered the same
thing and Dooin scored on his two
bagger.

“Wild Bill”” Donovan, formerly of
Detroit, and now manager of Providence
of the International League, which is
here training, umpired the game. Score
4 to 3.

BOOKS WORTH READING.
“LIFE IS A GLORIOUS THING.”

If you wish to be lifted out of the
cares of to-day, read one of the following
books, which are to be found in the Li-
brary:—

For those of a  historical turn of
mind,—The History of Babylonia and

Assyria, will be found interesting. It tells
about The Towers of Babel, which is still |

standing. Do you realize that 4000
years after this most wonderful of all
towers that was built by the Ancients,
(aceording to the Book of Genesis about

2400 B. C.,) its seven stages still rise|

high above the plains near the site of
Babylon:

For those who care for fiction, ‘‘The
Garden Of Allah’’, is a most remarkable
and interesting story. ‘The story isofa
monk who breaks his oath, and flees
from the monastery, and later on falls
in love with a beautiful young .woman.
The story is full of romance and adven-
ture, and gives a vivid description of
life on the desert with caravans of camels
and natives.

To those who have never read Charles
Dickens work, I would advise any one
of the following book’s:—

David Copperfield,—Little Dorrit,—
Pickwick Papers,—Oliver Twist, and
The'Lamplighters. Charles Dickens is
the greatest master of story-telling the
world ever knew. His keen humor, his
command of pathos and perfection of
character. His writings are fascinating,
and appeal to both old and young. We
breathlessly follow the fortunes of David
Copperfield, laugh at the adventures of
Mr. Pickwick; and shed a tear over Little
Nell. :

“‘Ben-Hur,’’ is another most delightful
book, from the opening of the volume to
the very close, the readers interest will
be kept at the highest pitch. Its real
basis is a description of the life of the
Jews and Roman sat the beginning of the
christian era, and- this is both forcible
and brillant. - We are carried through a
surpassing variety of scenes; we witness
a sea-fight, a chariot race, the internal
economy of a Roman galley, domestic
interiors at Antioch, at Jerusalem, and
among the tribes of the desert; palaces,

prisons, the haunts of dissipated Romans
Youths. There is plenty of exciting in-
cidents.

‘“‘Blennerhasset’’, is a most remark-
able and interesting story,—it is a Rom-
ance, full of life, and founded upon
Events in American History.

‘“Miss Petticoats;’’ this is a story of
modern life, and is full of interest and
brightness, and so full of action that the
incidents fairly step on each others heels.

“Quincy Adams Sawyer and Mason
Corner Folks’’—This is the best New
England story ever written.—A simple
love tale of country life with a wealth
of New England characters, scenes and
incidents.

BASE BALL IS BRED.

HAT is the exhilarating intoxicant
W with which the Southern atmo-

sphere seems pregnant in the pro-
ducing of great ball players? Ty Cobb,
Tris Speaker, Joe Jackson, and Claude
Cooper, the recent great find of the New
York Giants, all hail from below the
Mason and Dixon line, and each and
every one of them is a star which abso-
lutely scintillates in the baseball firma-
ment. Are climatic condition responsi-
ble for better and faster players in the
South than in the North? Or what is
it? The best explanation in relation to
this situation was made to mée by Frank
Newhouse, now umpiring on the Pacific
coast. Newhouse said :

“You know it gets so awful hot in
Texas, and elsewhere in the South, that
a sort of mist or heat cloud arises from
the ground. The man who can bat well
in those leagues, can bat anywhere on
earth, for it takes a better eye to hit the
ball accurately in the South, than it
does in the North. 'That’s why men like
Cobb, Speaker and others, prove such
sensations when in the big leagues.’’

‘Whether this is the correct solution or
not, we leave to those who read to decide.
Certain it is that the explanation carries
some merit with it, and who knows but
this umpire has correctly sized up the
situation ? All the great stars coming
from the leagues in the South, proved
themselves fine ball playersin the Ameri-
can and National leagues. True, they
are not all Ty Cobbs, Speakers or Jack-
sons, but they are good enough to hold
their own anywhere. —FExchange.

