---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_011.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

N

LOCAL
SQUIBS

Wednesday, March 26, 1913.

Spring !
Have you cleaned house yet ?
4768 and 4769 joined the big league.

We notice the grass plots taking on a
refreshing tint.

Quite a large audience attended the
band concert Monday afternoon.

Many of the inmates received Easter
flowers—it is needless to say how much
they are appreciated.

Much activity is being displayed now-
a-days. The ball-team managers are on
the job, getting the players in shape.

The usual orchestral concert was given
on the Second Block last Saturday even-
ing.

By the time this week’s paper is on
the press, the schedules will have been
distributed.

The ‘‘Rabbi’’, last year’s port side flin-,
ger of the Plasterers, is to handle an in- |
dicator this year. Want to get rid of the |
rest of your friends so you won’t have to
give them any tobacco, eh ‘‘Rabbi ?”’

We have received information that
“‘Bob,’’ one time star of the old cham- |
pionship Stocking Shed team of 1911,
will try to come back this year asa mem-
ber of the Cubs. Good luck, “Bob”’, we
are sure you can do it.

We hear from a reliable source, that a
bill is to be introduced in the present
Legislature, allowing the inmates of
penal institutions to play ball five days a
week, and to work a half day on Satur-
day. . We understand that some of the
progressive members are not in favor of
the bill.

“‘Ducky,”” on behalf of the Stocking
Shed, has entered a protest to this year’s
schedule; claiming the Shed has been
discriminated against. He shows by the
schedule, that the Shed on Decoration
Day, Fourth of July and Labor Day,
are away from home. Yes, ‘‘Ducky,”’
and I am afraid that on Thanksgiving
and Christmas you will be away from

home, too.

“So you've written a poem and are going to

submit it to the “UMPIRE?”
No. 0130: <«Yep; I'm hoping the Warden will see it and

throw me out!”

Pointed Puns

““You’ve made a mistake in your pa-
per,’”’ said the indignant man, entering
this office, the other day. ‘I was only a
spectator last season, and you said I was
a scout.”’

‘Well, wasn’t you,”’ said Timmie.

¢“N-0,”” replied Duckie, ‘‘and its con-
foundedly awkward, because, you see,
I’m on a regular team, this season.

Warden: ‘‘Did you find anything on
the prisoner when you searched him?”’

)

Overseer: ‘‘ Almost a wagon load of
finely written paper.’’
Warden: ‘‘Hold him till we find out

if he is doing ‘crooked work’ or only a
reporter on the UmMPIRE.”’

““What sort of a newspaper have you
here,”” inquired the recently arrived
stranger. :

““Well,”” frankly admitted the Editor,
“‘many of the brighte-t writers in here
are regular contributors to the UMPIRE,
without knowing it.”’

A Necessary Question.

The case had reached a critical stage.
Even the Judge seemed to awaken to a
live interest in the proceedings, for the
most important witness was about to be
cross-examined.

‘‘So you are the lady’s maid?’’ began
the relentless lawyer.

“Yes, sir.”’

‘“And where were you at 7 o’clock on
the evening in question?’’

“I was in my lady’s room, sir,’’

“For what purpose?’’

““I was dressing my lady’s hair, sir.”’

The lawyer leaned forward and spoke
slowly and impressively.

‘““Now, think,”’ he said. . “‘I want you
to be very careful In answering this
question. Was or was not your mistress
in the room at the time?’—Cleveland
Leader.
