---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_012.jpg
---
oelomeloadlomsiogelegeiocsiogelogelegelegeiogeleCeiese
Gathered

in Passing

CloSeleZsloCepCoazeleCuegobGreceioCeieCaezlsle
BENEVOLENCE

Strange things often happen in the

%
: :
: :
oy
og?

early hours of the day. The other morn-

ing when B-5869 and 6275 were making
their daily rounds collecting cinnamon
buns and milk, left on doorsteps by those
who had retired late the evening before,
(a route can be arranged for a half-pound
of Sen., by applying to either of the
above,) they met Dave, manager of the
Plasterers, on his expedition, (object
unknown.) He remarked to 6275 about
his belief and the confidence of waving
The Banner of Honor on the ball field
this year and sympathetically spoke of
Timmy’s feelings in the matter, when
the realization presented itself for Timmy
to ponder. (Timmy has great confidence
in his ¢‘‘ Has Beens’’ or * Once Was”’
who placed their autograph as the Ninth
Block’s representation.) The simplicity
of Dave’s manner was bearing on some-
thing; that I felt certain he had well
considered before voicing his feelings;
so after some deliberation, he suggested
for Timmy and his stars to memorize the
following paragraphs, with an earnest
sustaining power.

Other managers might also accept the
same suggestion, as it will save a great
deal of contention and rivalry for First

Place, as the contract has been awarded
specifying the erection of a circular fence,
(no knot holes.) Signed by Dave and
his Band.

O, Powers that be, make me sufficient
to my occasions.

Teach me to mind my own business at
all times, and lose no good opportunity
for holding my tongue.

Help me not to cry for the moon nor
over gpilled milk.

Grant me neither to proffer nor to wel-
come cheap praise; to diminish sharply
between sentiment and sentimentality,
cleaving to the one and despising the
other.

Give me to be always a good comrade
and view the passing show with an eye
constantly growing keener, a charity
broadening and deepening day by day.

Help me to win, if win I may; but---
and this, O Powers! especially---if I may
not win, make me a good loser. Amen.

THE UMPIRE

BELIEF IN SIGNS.

A subscriber recently wrote asking the
“Ladies Home Journal’’ if, in this en-
lightened day, it was sensibleto ‘‘believe
in signs.”” The reply of the editorial
oracle was to the effect, that only the
most ignorant of people nowadays placed
any credence in ‘‘signs’’ being the fore-
runners of certain evenss.

Perhaps this is correct. Yet it causes
a certain twinge to us of the old school,
brought up in the country, where, time
after time, as boys, we witnessed the
certain prophecy of various signs and
omens that apparently never failed.

For instance, the writer, when a
country lad, grew into a firm belief,
which has not yet been lost, in the fol-
lowing signs.

To meet a skunk is a sign that you
are going to get a new suit of clothes.

To be hit on the head with a brick
is a sign of bad luck.

To find yourself in the field with a
bull, who is rushiug towards you with his
head lowered, is a sign that youare going
to travel.

To hear a negro tramp singing him-
self to sleep in your barn, is a sign that
you are going to meet a dark man with
a club.

To feel the limb of a cherry tree
breaking beneath your weight, when
about 40 feet from the ground, is a sign
that you will see stars.

To be called quietly to the woodshed
by your father—but what’s the use? No-
body believes in signsnowadays, and we
don’t have any woodsheds now!

NINTH BLOCK — PLASTERERS

The first practice game of any account
took place on Wednesday, between the
Plasterers and Ninth Bloek.

“Tony’’ was tried out as a pitcher,
and with proper support would have:
held the Ninth to a closer score.
“‘Longie’’ was in the box for the Ninth,
and was in mid-season form. The
comparative strength of the clubs should
not be judged by Wednesday’s game, as
it was the first time the Plasterers have
played together as a team. A few more
games, and with their pitchers working
in regular order, the Ninth, Library or
any other team will not find it so easy.

The only run scored by the Plasterers
was a wild throw to catch ‘‘Dave’’ off
second ; ‘‘Dave’’ crossing the plate on

the throw home. Score Ninth Block 7
Plasterers 1.

O o L e o B S G
E .
ose A Few
E [

% Pointers
O S e o e R o S

If you have no respect for yourself,
you cannot expect to be respected by the
others.

eColoSsleCeioCelele

o o o

Applicants for position of umpire,
should communicate with ‘‘Doc’’, at the
Engine Room. '

e L A o

Sometimes we have a feeling, that it
is up to the others to do unto us, as they
would have us dc unto them.

o o o
Keep a brave heart! Remember that
even the cuffs of fortune are sometimes
reversible.

e e o

‘“There is so much good in the worst
of us, and so much bad in the best of us
that it does not behooveany of us to talk

'about the rest of us.”’

The topic of conversation today is,
““What did the Legislature do yester-
day?”’” A month hence it will be,
““What’s the score?”’

e o o
If “Denver Eddie’’ wants to be an
umpire this season, he'll have to stay

away from the Lime Shed. ‘Do you get
that, Eddie?’’ ;

B R o

““And how is Slick getting along,
Mr. Loan ?”’ ‘
“‘Oh, fine; he's a hustler.”’
“Indeed ! 'That’s news; perhaps it’s
his wonderful delivery qualities, hey ?”’
“‘Yes, that’s it. He’s one of the sur-
est catchers and throwers on the Ninth
Block Team.’’

i L I o
The first player to be drafted this sea-
son was ‘‘Pop’’, third baseman of the
Ninth. The Ninth at first thought of
entering a protest, but after considering
the matter more fully, decided to abide
by the decision of the Board of Pardons.
