---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_013.jpg
---
Vol. 2 No 3.
“BOB”

We all, have heard of ‘‘Square Deal Bob”’,
Who never rests, always on the job.

From morn till night he's in the place,
With a cheery smile upon his face.

The ‘‘boys”’ may come, and the ‘‘boys’’ may
gol
But ‘“‘Bob” is here, to run the show.
And you can bet, he knows the way,
To mix our work with a little play.

Now spring is here, and fun will start
The kind that touches each man’s heart.
The great American Game we’ll see.

Thanks to ‘Bob” J. Mc-Ken-ty.

It’s not for me, to sing his praise,
For we all kuow his kindly ways.

Poor life 'twould be, without our ‘‘Bob."’
W' Those are the thoughts of all our mob.

If when we’re sick, or feeling blue,
‘' Whom do we tell our troubles too?

A kind reply, a helping hand,

‘Ml Bob gives to all, of his convict band.

So when we’re gone, and far away,
Don’t let your minds to evil stray,

But think of ‘“‘Bob’’, whose words are wise,
‘' That victory comes, to he who tries.
SJingles

ATTENTION

On the eve of the opening of the season,
| it will be well to outline the policy of
| the League.

 If any League player shall conduct
" himself in such a way as shall be detri-
mental to the game, the manager of the
f club to which he belongs shall suspend
# him from the game, and shall report said
& suspension, with his reasons therefore, to
the League President, whose duty it
& shall be to call a meeting of all the man-
agers, and take such action against said
& player as they deem necessary.

If any manager shall at any time show
il favoritism to any player or players, or
should in any way cause dissension

‘dhamong the players, a protest can be filed |

Wednesday April 2, 1913

with the managers, (provided it is signed
by at least two-thirds of the members of
the team ), and if the protest of the players
is upheld, said manager shall be depos-
ed by the President. If at any time any
manager is deposed for any reason, it shall
be the duty of the President of the League
to assign a player from the team, to act as
manager, until the members of the club
shall elect a new manager.

If any player shall refuse to play any
position to which his manager shall as-
sign him, or shall in any way work
against his own team, such manager shall
suspend such player; and said player
can appeal to the President in writing
within two days, and it shall then be the
duty of the President to call a meeting
of the managers to act on such appeal
from suspension. Any player who is

| sick, suspended, or for any reason not

able to play, shall stay in his cell until
such disability is removed. Any player
who shall be ordered from any game by

'an umpire, shall for the first offense be

suspended for one week, for the second
offense, one month, and for the third
offense for the balance of the season.
All umpires shall be under the direct
supervision of the President. Any man-
ager or vmpire who desires to resign his
position, can not resign until he has
given the President at least one week’s
notice of such resignation. Any mana-
ger or umpire who resigns without giv-
ing such notice to the President, shall
suffer the same punishment as a sus-
pended player.

The above rules or regulations being
approved by the 'Warden, must be obeyed
to the letter, and any League Officer
who shall neglect to enforce these regu-
lations, will answer to the Warden, and
will be prohibited from witnessing or
playing any games at his discretion.

WHAT IS IT?

When it was born it had no soul, but
afterwards it had a soul, but when it
died it had no soul. Send answer to the
editor. Answer published next issue.

THE UMPIRE

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

 Priceless

BOOKS WORTH READING

“Friendship is a plant that loves the sun”

The following books are to be found
in the Prison Library. You may select
any from the following titles, and be
certain of meeting some new and de-

lightful friends. The characters are
worth knowing.
‘““The Guest of Quesnay.’”’” Thisstory

opens in Paris, where a young American
is leading a life which is rapidly gaining
bim one of the most unsavory reputa-
tions on the continent. A friend be-
lieves that the man may retrieve his past,
and by most astonishing methods begins
the process of restoration.

“My Mamie Rose.”” This autobio-
graphy is a powerful book of love and
sociology,reads like the strongest fiction,
is the strongest truth, and deals with the
story of a man’s redemption through a
woman’s love and devotion. Do not
fail to read this book.

“‘The House of a Thousand Candles.’’
This is a novel of romance and adventure,
of love and valor, of mystery and hidden
treasure. The hero is required spend a
whole year in the isolated house, which
according to his grandfather’s will shall
then become his. If the terms of the will
be violated, the goes house to a young
woman whom the will, furthermore, for-
bids him to marry. Nobody can guess
the secret, and the whole plot moves
along with an exciting zip.

‘““The Pit.”” A story of Chicago. This
powerful novel is the fictitious narrative
of a deal in the Chicago wheat pit, and
holds the readers from the beginning.
In a masterly way the author has grasp-
ed the essential spirit of the great city by
the lakes. The social existence, the
gambling in stocks and produce, the
characteristic life in Chicago, form a
background for an exceedingly vigorous
and human tale of modern life and love.
