---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_014.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.
e e
Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

———— e,

Editor: B 2331

We notice that the preparations for
the opening of the Base Ball season go
on apace, and the various teams are be-
ginning to shape well for the initial on-
slaught. Several of the old warriors are
to be seen on the field practicing, and
we view with much satisfaction their
changing and mixing with different
teams. Ban'J, Ollie, and Wagner are
going with the Library, which should add
considerably to their chances, and make
them a team to be feared and respected.

The Plasterer’s destinies will be vested
in that well known and zealous hero,
“Davey,”’ who needs no boost from us to
proclaim him *‘incomparable.” He will
be supported by several of his old and
trusted prodigies of last year, who will
demonstrate that once a ball player al-
ways the same. Little Dick, Harry,
Stump, and that redoubtable old horse
“Curly,”” will beamongst his supporters.

Our worthy Editor, we note is going
to direct the guns of the old ‘‘Death or
Glory’’ Ninth, and with the powerful
contingent that he will have at his com-
mand, we have not the slightest doubt
but that he will render a good account
of his stewardship.

Most men are happiest while hustling!
The rust of idleness is what breeds the
microbe of misery in 2 man’s mind, but
a busy man even forgets his dyspepsia
and his debts.

Push! If youcan’t push, pull—If you
can’t pull, please get out of the way and
give another fellow a chance.

Managers of baseball teams who de-
sire the addition of a mascot to follow
their flag to victory, can secure same by

applying to Bill or Dud at the stable, as

Bess is the proud mother of seven——.
Don’t fail to grasp this opportunity.
Prices are arranged according to the se-
lection.
‘Will not honor letter or phone orders.
Stable Boys.

THE UMPIRE
CAN YOU SOLVE IT ?

The following puzzle in figures has
been given out during the week. It’s
about two crowds of ten men who walked
into a cafe, each buying a round of five
cent drinks, as per the sample. The ex-
ample is six men buying a round each at
the single cost of thirty cents per round,
or $1.80 in all, while four purchase for
themselves at cost per round of twenty
cents, or eighty cents in all, making a
total of $2.60. The other ten divided
equally, five buying five rounds at twenty
five each, or $1.25 in all, making the
gross on their double purchases $2.50.
It works out in figures like this.

6 x 5--30 x 6 $1.80
4 x 5--20 x 4 $ .80
260
b x 5--25 x b $1.25
bux-H-=2b%% ib $1.25
—— $2.50
The mathematicians want to know

why two sets of ten men by buying ten
rounds of drinks for each party at a uni-
form price of five cents per drink should
show a difference of ten cents in the
totals.

Pointed Puns

Why He Stopped.

‘““‘Windley doesn’t play the cornet any
more, does he ?”’

“No ; he thought he’d better give it
up 29

“‘Bad for his lungs, eh ?”’

‘“‘No ; it wasn’t that. One of the
neighbors shot two keys off the instru-
ment while he was playing it.”’

His Motto.

A very small boy applied to a great
merchant for a situation. The great
man sized him up carefully and asked
what position he wanted.

“A chance to grow up in the busi-
ness.”’

““Well, what is your motto, my son?’’

“The same as yours.”’

‘““What do you mean?”’

‘“Why, on the door there—‘Push.’ *’

He got the job.

A Few Notes.

The origin of the trumpetislost in an-
tiquity. No doubt the early savage dis-
covered the sound produceable from a
conch, or big shell. It was a simple
matter to make a hole in a cow’s hoin,
and a natural step to copy it in metal.
The ancient Romans knew the true
trumpet. It was their Lituus, and was
used by the cavalry. It was made by
placing a long strip of thin bronze on a
metal rod, turning it over neatly flang-
ing and riveting it, and then coating the
seam with wax to make it air tight.
Nor was this all. The ancient Romans
also learned how to bend the tube back
on itself to make their trumpets more
portable. It was forgotten during the
dark ages, to be rediscovered in northern
Italy in the thirteeuth century.

FI RSk

On the walls of the House of Gladia-
tors at Pompeii, there is a fresco m' de
1,850 years ago, showing a trumpet
almost identical in shape with the mili-
tary keyless trumpet in use to-day.
The oldest known sackbut, or posauie,
or trombone which is still in existence
was made by Jorg Neuschel, of Nurem-
berg, in the year 1557.
is as much a trombone as any instrument
fini-hed yesterday, and has as good. a
tone. The only difference is that the
bell does not spread out quite as abrupt-
ly as the modern bells do, but swells out
gradually, more like a cow’s horn. The
instrument is beautifully finished, and

the mouthpiece is very smoothly turned

and artistically designed.

R S

A curious musical instrument of great
antiquity, which is played by Hindus in
a remarkable manner, is described by a
writer in Harper’s Weekly. 'T'his instru-
ment, it is explained, consists of two
small silver trumpets, with a most. deli-
cately arranged apparatus within.

When the natives play upon this instru-
ment, they invariably excite the greatest
wonder in the foreigner, who is perplexed
to determine how the player produces the
sounds, for he does not place the instru-
ment to his lips, but adjusts it to his neck.

Foreigners have thought that a player
of such an instrument must be a ventril-
oquist, employing the trumpets to con-
vey a false impression. It appears,
however, that the variations of tone are
produced by the variations in the quan-
tity of air propelled through the instru-
ment by the pulsations of the neck.

Nothing could be more curious, it is
said, than to witness a performance upon
this instrument, and to hear the soft,
sweet, musical sounds that emanate from
the silver trumpets.—Musical World.

The instrument

