---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_015.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

LOCAL
SQUIBS

Wednesday, April 2, 1913.

April showers.

The Orchestra gave a concert on the
Twelfth Block Saturday evening.

FOR SALE—One Goat. Inquire to
J. Dick, Tower, mornings only.

Overseer Dutton wears a broad smile
these days. Some say he has already
ordered the flag.

The boys in the Wash House will be
glad to learn that Overseer Tucker is on
the road to recovery after a long illness.

““Whitey’’ doesn’t believe in advertis-
ing, having received no reply as yet
from his ad. in last week’s UMPIRE.

Lefty o’ the Ninth Block Team, has
been nursing a strained thumb. Hello,
Lefty, hope you’ll be in good shape when
the seascn opens.

Mr. Jordan, our esteemed Postmaster,
has written to President Wilson, com-
mending him for his stand against the
Trusts. He says they are carrying things
too far—he can’t get trust anywhere
now days.

Question.—Does the UMPIRE pay any-
one for contributions ?>—J.

Answer.—No, Jingles; but when any
thing contributed especially pleases the
Editor, he may send you an extra copy
of the UMPIRE.

Managers of the various teams are in-
structed that in all league games, ten
minutes before play ball is called by the
umpire, they must furnish to the official
scorer, the number, fielding position, and
batting position of each player, other-
wise their records will not figure in the
official averages of the league. Ifa man-
ager so desires, he can have a score keep-
er of his own, but in the event of any
- disagreement or confusion, as to the
number of runs scored, the official scor-
er’s tally shall be final. Umpires are
advised in case of doubt, as to the num-
ber of balls or strikes called, to refer
to the official scorer and accept his tally.

OUR STENOGRAPHER

Mr. Flora, our stenographer---came to work
today,
And told us he had learned the Graham
system.
Two hundred words a minute seerned to him,
he said like play
And word for word at that---he’d never
missed ’em!
Mr. Kratz, gave some dictation---a letter to a
man,

And this, as I recallit was how the letter
ran :

“Dear Sir: I have your favor, and in reply
would state

That I accept the offer in yours of recent
date.

I wish to say, however, that under no con-
dition

Can I afford to think of your free lance

: proposition.

I shall begin tomorrow to turn the matter
out,

The copy will be ready by August 10th
about.

Material of this nature should not be rushed
unduly.

Thanking you for your favor, I am yours
very truly.”

He took it down in shorthand with apparent
ease and grace.

And didn’t hurry back, all in a flurry,
‘‘At last,”’ thought Mr. Kratz, ‘“Flora’s struck
his natural gait;”’
Then said, “Now write it out---you
needn’t hurry.”’
The Remington he tackled---now and then
he struck a key,

And after thirty minutes, Mr. Kratz began
to read:

“Dear Sir, I have the Fever, and in a Pile I
Sit

And I except the Offer as you Have reasoned
it,

I wish to see however That under any con-
dition

| Can I for to Think of a free lunch preposi-

shun?

I shal be intomorrow To, turn the mother
out,

The cap will be read and Will cost $10 about

Mateerul of this nation should not rust N.

y Dooley

Thinking you have the Feever I am yours
very Truly.”
