---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_016.jpg
---
Jofn.

R R R R
Gathetred

g in Passing
S2oloSeloSelololoCopCeloCelogelogeisudoceleCsieseiecslecs

We are threatened with the loss of a
subseription because we are neglecting
Blink, the pressman; and this in
spite of the fact that we have sent out
a splendid colored portrait of him.
Verily, it is hard to satisfy everyonein
this world.

o9
oge
o9
o
o0

oGergoleleloCe

Certain it is, that every man who does
not benefit the world by living will bene-
fit it by dying. Don’t spend your life
regretting the past, complaining of the
present, and indulging in false hopes of

the-future. Get busy and create some-
thing useful, or do something useful, or

say something useful.

il

oo

o

Population is increasing faster than is
rroduction. Many people eat who do
not work. ‘The cities are overcrowded,
and the farms are underworked. We
are using luxuries, and but few of us
are producing necessities. Many are
playing phonographs and pianolas, and
riding autos and motor cycles, and few
are growing vegetables, raising cattle,
and making clothes. Is it any wonder
that prices are so high all over the world.

o o ol
«BILL’S LUCK.”

On Monday I bought share on share
On Tuesday I was a millionaire

On Wednesday took a grand abode
On Thursday in my carriage rode
On Friday drove to the opera ball

On Saturday came to McKenty’s hall.

THE PAIN KILLER,

““‘Some people are born great; others
achieve greatness; and still others have
it thrust upon them. It took ‘‘Billy”’
Muldoon, something like ten years to
build up a name for his place at White

%

THE UMPIRE

Plains. It was yeas before Doc Mynon
in advertising before he began to show
results. But we have a man in our
midst who gained fame overnight, and
today he is the only authorized extermi-
nater of pain, aches and rheumatic dis-
orders of all descriptions. An unassum-
ing young man, flitting hither and hith-
er, bent upon his daily task of removing
pain. You no doubt have often met
him on his travels through the place. A
dark swarthy fellow, and at the first
glance would be taken for a Mexican or
a Spaniard, but upon closer inspection
you will notice a wide mouth, inlaid with
two solid rows of ivory, lop-eared, and
with a hungry expression always on his
face  “Why it’s “‘Monk’’, you’ll say.
Of course it is; we’re sure you knew it
all the time. You know, to begin at the
beginning; that ‘‘Monk’’, got his start
from the Ninth Block Club. Last year,
during one of the important games,
“Bill"’, the off-side-hurler of the Ninth,
while pitching a game against the Giants,
was seized with a pain in his arm, which
' pain extended from above the elbow,
through the spinal verum, (medical
term; ‘““Monk, and Jack the nurse, un-
derstands what it means), and stopped
at the back of his left ear. The Ninth
Block team were in a quandry; their best
pitcher incapacitated, two more games
to be played with the Giants, and they
only three games away from first place.
Things looked black, when someone
suggested ““Monk”’; and when he came,
things became still blacker. He looked
the arm over with a ecritical eye, and
then slowly led ‘“Bill’”’ away.

The game then proceeded with anoth-
er pitcher in the box. Hardly had the
new pitcher been warmed up. when a cry
was heard from the crowd, and ‘Bill”’
came running back, demanding to be put
back in the box. In some mysterious
way, ‘‘Monk’’ had resorted the arm  to
its original fitness; and to .this day,
“Bill’> has never had any- more trouble
with it. From then on, ‘‘Monk’s’’ for-
tune was made.
er practicing on the Story House grounds,
was hit on the head by a wildly thrown
ball, but ‘“Monk’’ was on the job, and
immediately took the pain away. Soon
after he left, they discovered that he also
took a glove, two balls, and a pair of sus-
penders belonging to ¢‘Big Six’’.

oSslogeiogoleColeToegeloglogecel ColTeezelozelole

was recognized, and he spent a fortune |

Joge
oge
o
o5

Only last week, a play-

A F e w

ogs
5]
g
5% et
Pointers o3

=
oSoleColaSoloSoloSrleColeZeloCologdleculsieCelezelololo; o

It is easy to believe that which we wish
or hope for earnestly, and we discard
easily that which would cause us pain.

A o

A mirror in which we see vice in all
its hideousness, and virtue in all its
beauty, is teaching us to despise the one,
and to adore and emulate.

o o o

The success or failure of a man engag-

ed in manufacturing transportation,

or in agriculture, depends more upon
his skill as a prophet, than it does as an

industry.
B R o
SOME DON’TS FOR UMPIRES.

Don’t argue over decisions with play-
ers; tell them to play ball.

Don’t fail to keep your eye on the ball.

Don’t ask a player if he was out, after
you’ve called him out.

Don’t pay any attention to remarks
from spectators—it is for their benefit
you are umpiring; if they become too
strong, report them to the Overseer.

Don’t try to justify yourself after the

game, you are only adding fuel—it is

useless anyway.

Don’t be afraid of asking the other
umpire, if you are in doubt.

Don’t be afraid of changing your de-
cision when you know you’re wrong. It
is all rot about an umpire can not change
his decision, when he sees he’s wrong—
but do it quickly.

Don’t let the players delay the game—
use your authority.

Don’t be afraid of losing your friends
if you are right—that’s how some of us
landed here.

Don’t call a ball a strike just to even

up when you’ve missed.

Don’t mind if one team says your rot-
ten—the other team thinks you’re fine.

Don’t, if umpiring bases, fail to fol-
low up the plays.

Don’t, for heaven sake, lose your head.

|

-w‘;‘,wqﬁjﬂm.nﬂ "
e R | Y

B

T TR —
