---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_017.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

Vol. 2 No 4.

Wednesday April 9, 1913

Priceless

NOTICE.

Copies of the UMPIRE will be

placed in each cell; they are not

to be sent out in the mail.

OFFICIAL STANDING OF THE
E.S. P. LEAGUE.

W. L. Pect.
Ninth Block 1 0 1.000
Plasterers 1 0 1.000
Library 1 0 1.000
Stocking Shed 0 1 000
Band 0 1 000
Cubs 0 1 000

GAMES TO BE PLAYED
Games for Wednesday and Friday

Ninth Block vs Cubs
Plasterers vs Band
Library vs Stocking Shed l

League Season
Opens

The Ninth Block starts the Season
off by Opening with the Cubs

With a large crowd in attendence, the
““Ninth”’ and the ¢ Cubs’’ played the
opening game of the season, and also
their series at the Store House grounds.
Four o’clock sharp, the umpire started
the ball rolling. ‘The first up to face
Lippy, the Cubs pitcher, was Timmie,
the Ninth’s manager, who hit first ball
pitched for a single. The hit was a|
“bird,’’ and it nearly knocked a bird oﬁ,
the hat of a lady visitor, who was in-
tently watching the game from the

me was a ‘‘lady killer,’’ but he don’t
have to prove it. Slick hit safe, Yeap
fanned. Cap, hit by pitched ball,
filling the bases. Lefty drew a pass,
forcing Tim home. Then that old reli-
able slugger, both with his fists and stick
Jack, hit a clout for one sack, scoring
one run. Augie fouled out. Wade hit
a liner scoring 2 more runs, and Bill
followed suit with a two bagger. Timmie
up for the second time, hit to the pitcher,
retiring the side—6 runs. ‘That was
enough to sew the game up in a sack for
the ninth.

Bill was a trifle wild, and allowed a
few complimentary trips to first, but
after the 1st inning he steadied down. He |
received excellent support, and was never |
in any danger. |

Neither side scored in the second, Lip- | :
pie, the Cub pitcher, using a slow ball, |;
which was hit freely, but owing to good |}

fielding behind him, no hits were scored.

Among the players on the Cubs, Jor.,
the 2nd base, Freddie 3rd and Marty |
the Cub’s manager, stood out from the
rest. Jor’s catch of Slick’s liner in the

3rd doubling up Timmie wasa ‘‘beauty.’’ ¢

Marty caught a foul fly off the Storej
House roof in the first, which brought
applause from the crowd. Freddie show- |
ed that he can play any position by his
snappy work on 3rd.

The ‘‘stars’’ of the Ninth, were Cap.,

they demonstrated in the 5th, when they
made a brave rally, but what they really
need is a few hitters, and one or two

‘more good pitchers, to take some of the

burden off the present ‘‘ flingers > who
have been worked hard all last week and
this.

Among the spectators, were a number
of visitors. One of the Honorable In-
spectors, the Warden, and the entire 5th
Block, also a few who strayed from for-
eign parts. The behaviour of the boys
was excellent, and showed their appre-
ciation of the privelege extended them,
by our respected Warden. Keep it up

boys. The same teams play again to-
day. Final score 13-1 favor the Ninth.
NINTH BLOCK CUBS

A.B.R.H.0. A E. A.B.R. H.O A L
231,88 31 20 0 1 6280Gss 8 00 0 L 2
5904, ¢ L2 ST A () 6353, 2b LR W e )
G0SL1£ 4 2 0 1.1 :0-.1 %6130, 00 B 11020,0 0.
334230 4 3 0 1 4 0 5%L,1b 3 10 6 0 0
5807.2b 4 2 00 0 0 502p 3 00 1 0 1
4997.1b 4 1 2 6 0 0 5336, 1f- 3 00 0 0
6410, rf e S I R 6114, 3bh e RS Aty e () =)
5627, ¢t 425 3= 250 = ] 6210, vt St s o M)
Bill, p QS OEFI=R(0 20 7762, of 2 0RO
Total, 8135 5135 8 8 0750 0 tal e AT S S 50 6

SCORE BY INNINGS :

Ninth Bloe ~._____ S SAFRS Gam (1508 251 L4513
O\ (L6 () S ) Met
2B hits, 5627, Bill. 3B hits, 5904.

Struck out by Bill, 9. By 5021, 1.

Base on balls, off Bill, 4. Off 5021, 7.

Hit by pitched ball, 3342, 5021. Wild pitch, Bill.
Double plays, 6114, unassisted. 6353, unassisted.
Stolen bases. 5251.
Left on bases, Cubs, 4.

STOCKING SHED vs LIBRARY
On April 8, under a clear sky, with the

Ninth Block, 5.

Store House steps. Always thought Tim- |

Timmie and Slick, with Jack, 1st base- stmosphere a little chilly, the Library
man, a close second. Cap., catch Oijourneyed to the Stable Grounds to meet
Lefty’s wild throw, holding his man on|the Stocking Shed.  This game marked
3rd was a corker. His work was excel- gne of the first battles of the K. S. P.
lent, both at bat and in the field. Tim-|yeague, as the opening day of the sea-
mie done good stick work, so did Jack gopn’s schedule, dated April 7, was post-
and Slick. Got to go some to beat this|poned, and while I think from the large
bunch of players. Behinda mask Slick attendance that the day lay over helped
feels at home, and covering first comes |ty ‘‘incite’’ enthusiasm, as some of the
natural to Jack as working inside the|gpectators were present without their
roped arena. Makesno difference if they | coats, which was a very acceptable com-
are boxing or baseball gloves, do they :‘panion under the prevailing weather
Blackie? The restof the ‘‘ Ninth '’ all|

' conditions.
played good ball. Base-ball has certainly set the wheels
The Cubs have a good team,

(Continued on page four)

which
