---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_018.jpg
---
2

_'__—l_______——M'_-__-—;‘-ﬂm“h

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

Editor : B 2331

WORRY

If you realized just what Worry is, you
would stop using it in your business.
For Worry is the name given by the
Devil, to his choicest brand of smelling

salts; and the more you get into the habit |

of using them the more you come to know
what Hell is really like. Here’s an an-
tidote for worry—

Smile, Smile, Smile—Smile!

For where Smiles are, Worry ig not.
Worry is just plain poison.
most treacherous of poisons, for it not
only eats into the finest powers of your
mind and life, but it spreads and radiates
like a contagious disease. Worry. can
do no harm in the atmosphere of cheer,
great faith, hope—Work.

Work, Work, Work—Work.

How useless Worry is—how foolish!
Realize but this and you will very soon
banish it, and forever abhor it. Can you
think of a single instance where Worry
rendered you a service? Well then, get
rid of it.

Smile, Smile, Smile—Smile!

Worry never did and never will bring |

' Plasterers and Ninth to be on their met-
It never earned a cent

anything to pass.

and it never helped a human being. But

if you keep busy, if you are continually

seeking to render some service, you will

never have time nor inclination to Worry.
Work Work, Work—Work.

A lot of fellows in here, are always
kicking to the doctor about losing
weight—Yes, they are weighed in the
balance and found wanting.

We are glad to report that the players
on all the league teams, are abiding by
their manager’s demands to refrain from
drinking and late hours.

A great many of the men in prison
would make very poor sharp-shooters
their aim in life is so bad.

It is the|

~THE UMPIRE

They say life is a game of give and

have preferred the latter.

All things come to those who wait,
thought the batter, as the umpire called
four balls,

————— ———
You cannot expect a man who has
been convicted ten times to believe in
luck.

Andy, of the Bake House, is certain-
ly doing some great back-stop work for
the Library.

They’re off !

We understand that Overseer Hickey
is very fond of peanuts.

Managers should warn their catchers
about holding the third strike this year.
If he drops it, he’ll have to play it to
first base to put the batter out.

LIBRARY vs NINTH,

In a well played practice game on F'ri-
day, the Ninth defeated the Library by
the score of 2-1. ‘The game was interest-
ing from start to finish, and some bright
and snappy plays were pulled off. From
the way the Library played against the
Ninth, they are going to bea contender
for the flag, and it will be well for the

' tle when they meet them.

'in the third inning, and marred what
would have been a perfect day for the
' Library’s manager. A bat that he had
intended to use all season, and which
- was made especially for him by a firm in
Kokomo, Ind., wasbroken. Ittouched
‘us to the heart to see the look on the
Library manager’s face. But he was
brave; ah yes, far more than some of
his players. ‘‘Big Whitey’’ was so over-
come with emotion, that he had to be
'assisted to the Store House steps; and
'even then he couldn’t control his feelings,
untill Mr. Loan took him in and let him
look at abag of sugar. Poor ‘‘Beef Trust’’
was seen leaning against the wall crying,
as tho his poor little heart would break.
Upon questioning him as to why he took
it hard, we discovered that the bat really
belonged to. him—his brother having got
is with a $4.85 suit at Gimbel’s.

One of the features of the game, was
the coaching of ‘‘Joe’’, clerk in the
| Writers’” Room.

take, but the majority of the fellows here |

|

A most deplorable accident happened

>

«MAKE GOOD”

Make Good
-Cut-out ‘“if, '’ “could,” and ‘‘should,”
And start in to saw wood.
You caun still have the best
Things in life, like the rest
Of the men who've achieved
Just because they’ve believed
In themselves. You’re deceived
If you think fortune comes
With a rattle of drums
And a fanfare of state
To hand yours on a plate.
That isn’t the way
That she visits today.
You must get out and rustle, bustle;
and hustle;
You’ll need all your muscle for you’ve got to
tussle. :
Plunge into the fight,
Hit to left and to right
And keep crashing, and smashing:
Don’t let up with your striking
Till things meet your liking.
For God's sake, stop bawling—
Instead, do some mauling.
It makes the world bitter
To look ata quitter;
Fate scowls when she sees
A grown up on his knees
A man with his health
Is a mine jammed with wealth
Full of unexplored lodes,
Why, the freckled-back toads
Have the sense to keep jumping—
And hear you are frumping.
Come now, strike your gait—
It isn’t too late,
There's no such thing as fate!
- Drop that fool-talk of luck,”
Get a grip on your pluck,
And buck.
Begin
To grin,
And win,

NOTICE

‘We ask the co-operation of the manag-
ers and players, toaid the official scorers
as much as possible, by obtaining for
them a good vantage point in which to
witness all the plays; a so to give them
your correct batting list, and any chang-
es which may occur during the game,
Itis to your benefit that you should do
this, if you wish a correct account kept
of the batting, fielding and base running
during the season. The work of an
official scorer is rather an intricate and
troublegome one, and mistakes will no
doubt occur, bnt with the help of the
managers players, and umpires, a great
many of them can be eliminated.

