---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_019.jpg
---
iy ok

G LOCAL ﬁ

' SQUIBS [
Wednesday, April 9, 1913.

Hurrah | The season has opened.

WANTED.—At once. Farm hand and
musician. Apply B4209, Band.

The '‘Ragtime Wop’’ has been called
on to play in Dave’s place. He says:
“I willa doa da besta I cana.’”’

After warming up for three years,
Herman of the Band Team, went in the
box last week and beat the Library.

Dave, manager of the Band Team, is
out of the running for time being, hav-
ing split his finger in a practice game
last week.

We hope by the time this week’s Um- |

PIRE 18 on the press, that Mr. Enckler
will be back at his old place on the
Center.

The poet Jingles says he has come to
stay. He denied that he was connected
with any other paper, when interviewed
by a reporter of the UmpIrE, lately.

“Felix,”” of the Plasterers, won the
crowd by his playing at first base, in that
practice game with the Ninth Block last
week. That boy is some player, believe
me.

The members of the E. 8. P. League
take this opportunity, through the Uwm-
PIRE, to thank Superintendent Loan, of
the Store House, for furnishing the clnbs
with tape upon its arrival.

Spider says he will have his hands full
this season collecting balls off the roof—
‘““Dave the Plasterer’”” was overheard

talking to Spider: ‘“Will that be O. K.”’

““I gotcha,’’ said Spider.

Some one, they say, told Capt. Smith |

that during the opening game between
the Library and Band; one of the Band
tellows stole two bases—Capt. wanted to
know why he wasn’t locked up.

During a session of Mr. Bonsall’s

grammar class last week, he asked a new
scholar to write a sentence on the black-
board and this is what he wrote: ‘‘Not
1ess than 19 nor more than 20.”’ Rather
a long sentence for a fellow who has been
to school but two days.

THE UMPIRE

THE HONEST MAN

Honesty—A dishonest man is not sue-
cess anywhere. He may win for awhile,
but it’s the long run that counts. It’s
the final rewards in life that we are
aiming for, and the handicap of reputa-
tion for anything but absolute squareness
is not overcome, not at least, this
side of the grave.

Curly has a ball this year called the
rice soup twist— Nothing in it.

We notice Guard Myers sporting two
brand new Overseer’s stripes on his coat
sleeve— What of that? Mr. Wilkinson
has enough to go all over the house.

Answer to Last Week’s Puzzle,

The whale swallowed Jonah:
It then had asoul.

It afterwards delivered Jonah.
It then had no soul.

The whale died without a soul.

Pointed Puns

Regardless.

Molly Pitcher sprang to the gun at
Monmouth.

“Bo this,”” exclaimed the soldiery,
their imaginations instantly fired, ‘‘is
to be a Pitcher’s battle!”’ |

For, although the national game was
still on the knees of the gods, sporting
blood is sporting blood, regardless of
season or occasion. |

Why the Judge Was Powerless,

The jury, after long deliberation, seem-
ed unable to agree in a perfectly clear
case. 'The judge, thoroughly exasperat-
ed at the delay, said : |

¢TI discharge this jury.”’

One sensitive juror, indignant at what
he considered a rebuke, faced the judge.

““You can’t discharge me !”” he said,
with a tone of conviction.

““And why not ?”’ inquired the judge?
in surprise.

“‘Because,’”’ announced the juror,
pointing to the lawyer for the defence,

““TI was hired by that man there !’

“RABBI” CALLING THE GAME!

A DREAM

The twirler stood in the pitcher’s box,
Trying hard to stop the kuocks,

Of the men upon the other team,
Who played with snap, and had the steam.

1st. Inning

His eyes were on the little pan,

He tried real hard, his man to fan,
The batter hit an awful slam,

The pitcher thought he’d get the can.

2nd Inning

Back to the mound, he went once more,
Worried a bit, but game to the core,
Another hit would swell the score,
It came, and also did three more,

3rd Inning

Another pitcher goes in to twirl,
He looks at the plate, and with a whirl
He sends one over with a twist and curl,
And fans the side, don’t even toil.

4th Inning

' On every side we hear them say,

That he’s the boy that saved the day,
And Timmie thinks he’ll raise his pay,
If T,ongie, with the Ninth will stay,

Sth Inning

Then in the fifth, three men on base,
That old time ‘‘has-been,” takes his place
And with old fashioned courtly grace,
Proceeds the first ball pitched to lace.

The whistle blows, the game is through,
The score now stands five runs to two,

Longie and Tim have shown the way,
How baseball stars the gameto play.

Tast Inning

Just then someone let out a roar,
Right outside old Timmie’s door,

Get up you dub, it’s seven O’clock,
Shame to give him such a shock.

Moral—Do not chew the UMPIRE’S baseball
type, before retiring. :

co—Jingles.
