---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_020.jpg
---
i

B

- THE UMPIRE

_____.—__————-—_———_—!——_——_—__—_——-—__—_——_———

BAND vs PLASTERERS

The base ball season opened today
without undue excitement or fanfare of
clarionets, but nevertheless it was accom-
panied by that visible manifestation of
interest which was prevalent throughout
the whole of last season. The weather
was cold and the players did not come
out of their shells as might have been
expected.

In spite of these unfavorable condi-
tions, a good game was presented, and
many amusing incidents occured.

The Plasterers with their old and
seasoned manager have several new play-
ers, but their strongest supporters are
still to be seen in their line up. ‘‘Dave”’
“Curley’’ “Toney’’ and ‘‘Stump’’ open-
ed the game with a great exhibition;
each scoring a home run more or less
luckily.

“Dave’’ commenced the season with
his usual chapter of accidents; first by
trying to hug the wall and injuring his
index finger instead of catching the|
ball, and secondly by getting nearly
frost bitten.

He introduced a new pitcher into the
box who is supposed to be a corker; he,
was somewhat stiff in the arm, but|
for the timely transfer of his responsibil-
ity to old war horse ‘“‘Curley”’ the result |
may have been recorded differently.

The Band, which by the way is a new |
creation, played a very commendable |
game, and from their shaping today we|
expect to see some good plays before the |
the season is very far advanced. They|
have several well known players in their
team including ‘‘Reddy’” ‘““Josh’ and
“Kirky"” Junior the latter of whom bids
well to become a very valuable piece of |
property as time goes om. ‘‘Jacobs’’
and ‘‘Josh’’ each scored a home run..

Whilst we admire the coaching of:
“Josh,;" at the same time we hope he
will not ‘‘shoot his bolt’’” before the i‘,
season is well advanced. |

The details are as follows:—

Plasterers : —I1st inning, ‘‘Dave’’ and |
‘““Toney’’ each hit a single and went
home on ““Stump’s’’ hit; who likewise |
got home on ““Curley’s home run.

2nd inning; ‘“‘Dave’” took 18t on a
dead ball; got to 3rd but was cleverly
caught stealing home. “‘Stump’’ hit a
two bagger and faded.

srd inming; ‘“Poney’’ made a home

{
|

!

run; ‘“Stump’’ hit a singfe and subse-
quently completed the circle through a
series of errors; the ‘‘Barber’’ hit a two-
bagger stole 2nd and 3rd and faded.

4th inning; ‘“‘Harry”’ took base on
balls and ‘‘Alec’’ hit a single, both land-
ed safely on ‘‘Dave’s’’ remarkably lucky
home run which was brought about en-
tirely by errors of all deseriptions, which
at this stage are quite excusable.

6th inning; ‘‘Felix’’ singled and was
caught cleverly stealing 3rd.

7th inning; ‘‘Dave’’ hit an apparent
home run, but through ¢‘Kirky Junior’s’
quick handling of the ball and his accur-
acy in throwing it to the home plate, he
(Dave) was caught on the post about
three feet from the goal.

Through our inability to obtain ‘‘nom
de-plumes’’ of the new players, several
plays will have to go by the board on
this occasion.

2nd inning;‘‘Kirky’’ took base on balls,
stole 2nd and 8rd and went home on

l ¢« Jacob’s’’ home run, brought about by

an overthrow
3rd inning; ‘‘Josh’’ singled and got home
on errors.

6th inning; ‘‘Larry’’ got to 1st on an’

error, stole 2nd 3rd and faded there.
Result; 8—3 in favor of the Plaster-

ers. :
‘We observed with much pleasure the

continued liberality of our Warden, in

' releasing ‘‘en masse’’ whole blocks to

see the games; also we understand that
each cell is to receive an ‘‘Umpire’’ which
action will be met with admiration.

Now for the benefit of those who have
not read the Umpire of April 2nd , we
repeat that now is the time for everybody
to prove their worth, and also show the
Warden that they appreciate his kind-
ness. by obeying his injunctions and de-
sist from being noisey or entering into
any broils or rowdyism. Its up to the
men now, and we have no fear but that
things will sail along smoothly.

T T e e R e T T P O A T O W ST S T SR OO PSSP SN T ATy

(Continued from pdge one)

' of eagerness in turn, for wherever one
goes he will meet a group of rooters or
| stars, discussing their views and knowl-

edge of the National Game.

I think that before we continue fur-
ther, that we should extend our gratitude
of thanks to our Warden, for his kindly
consideration given to this amusement,
by permitting every inmate of the insti-
tution to attend the gamesand create an
interest that was heretofore put to a diffi-

ter on more pleasant inclinations. Think
of the entire Eighth Block, with the Ov-
erseers, out to see rivalry in action. So
fellows, keep order, and have the War-

den feel that you appreciate this exten-
sion of liberty ; for the real fun has not

commenced, and every one wants to be
on the ground floor when the summer
arrives to see the ball travel.

1 will go back to the stable cinders for
the benefit of those who where not pre-
sent, and first of all; the other teams want
to pay strict attention to a few words that

should take root and they are: 'There
are some good material existing in these
two teams that is worthy of attention.’’

When the umpire called ‘‘play ball,”’
the fans were occupying every available
perch. We will have to have a grand-
stand built if the crowd increases.

Jimmie, of the Library, was the first
man to lead off the season with the bat,
and the first ball thrown by the opposing
pitcher, cut the pan in two ; but Jimmie
waited and walked. Eggie followed
with a sacrifice, that brought Jimmie to
third, where he died ; Whitey and Louie
going out on strikes.

3725, the first batter up for Stocking

'Shed, hit the first ball thrown by Yellow

and was safe at first. 5293 followed
with the same.dope ; 3527going to third;
he tried to steal home and was out.

Duckie hit the air and quitely sat down.
The second baseman of the Shed was
off in his fielding ; perhaps a little over

anxious. Summary of the game below.

STOCKING SHED LIBRARY
A.B.R.H.0. A E. A.B.R. H.0. A E.
5725,1b 3 0 1 6 0 0 4263, 1f 4 2 0 0 0 0
5203,'8b 8 21 02 00 HBs5E an U d i G BEER
5101,ss 3 0 1 1 1 0 5981 4116 10
6126)1f 3 0 1 0 00 6l65,¢f 401010
Boi2 cf 3 0 2 0 0 0  5H908,8b 4 2 0 1 3 0
5805 p 8 0 1 072 07 5659 p 48 3NEE0NG
5653 ¢ 2 0 0 0 0 3 5215¢c 400 400
6087, rf 20 0 0 0 0 6178rf 4100 01
6443,20 2 0 0 0 0 4 6182, 3 0 0 0 0 O
Total 242 7 7 b 17 Total 85 106 116 1

SCORE BY INNINGS:

STV DR 0205 3 0.10

Stocking Shed-==* =" ______ 10000 1.2
2' hits 5805. 3$B hits, 5293; 5659. Struck out by 5659, 7.

By 5805, 8.

Base on balls off 5805, 5. Hit by pitched ball, 5908.
Wild pitch, 5805. Stolen bases, 4263, 5908, 6178.
Left on bases, Library, 6. Stocking Shed, 4.

One of the busiest men in the institu-
tion these days, is Overseer Fairbrother.
After recovering from the Easter rush,
he immediately turns his attention to-
ward beautifying the grass plots through-
out the yard; a somewhat herculean task,

 erent angle, allowing our minds to cen.

with grass seed 22 cents a quart.

