---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_021.jpg
---
) fa 1 e ant b S oo i i METE g LS o
= SH Wlg e

;

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

Vol. 2 No 5.

'OFFICIAL STANDING OF THE

E.S. P. LEAGUE.

W. L. Pect.

- Ninth Block % 0 1.000
Plasterers 2 0 1.000
Library 2 0 1.000
Stocking Shed 0 2 000
Band 0 2 000
Cubs 0 2 000

e e L R R R SR
GAMES TO BE PLAYED
Games for Wednesday and Friday
Ninth Block vs Library
Cubs vs Band
Plasterers vs Stocking Shed

PITTSBURG OUTBATS CHICAGO

Pittsburg defeated Chicago, Monday,
score, 8-b.

The visitors batted Chicago’s pitcher |

all over the field. Robinson, for Pitts-

burg, weakened toward the end of the |

game and was relieved by Camnitz, who

had little difficulty in stopping the rally. |

RIDDLES

If a bee could stand on its hind legs
what blessing would it invoke ?
A bee-attitude.

What do you expect at a hotel ?
Inn-attention.

What is the difference between a guest
at a Christmas party and a cannibal ?
One enjoys himself, and the other
enjoys other people.

If a biscuit isa soda cracker, what is
an ice pick ?
A water cracker.

Why isa hotel waiter like a race horse?
Because he runs for the plate.

Why isa watch like a river ?
Because it dosen’t run long without
wind.,

Wednesday April 16, 1913
Our Chaplain.

When we awake, at break of day.
Right at our cell door, do we stay,
And to the first one, that we see,
We give a note, this is our plea:-

“Oh Mr. Chaplain, please do come,
I must see you, this ain’t né fun,
For wood and wool, I need real bad,
The same as I before have had.”

Of course, the notes are not the same,
-For some are wild, and others tame,

But to everyone, who writes or sends,
A willing ear, the Chaplain lends.

An extra letter, a cake of soap,
Or anything for which we hope,
We write at once, for the Rev-er-end,
Who is to all, a real true friend.

When through our Block, he makes his way,

A cornet, for some lad to play,
And in the other hand, he bears,
A bird cage, clock, and other wares.

Just sign your name, and that is all,
Away he goes on another call,

From early morn, till late at night,
He’s always here, todo things right.

The other day, the writer saw,
Our Chaplain, at the big front door,
The day was dark, and cold and wet,
But on the job he was, you bet.

From his hat and coat, big rain-drops fell,
But he wore the smile,we know so well,
And in his arms, six bundles lay,
That he had gone for, that bad day,

So let us thank him, one and all,

The one who waits, our beck and call,
And don’t get sore, if things go bad,

Send for the Chaplain, he’ll make you glad.

—JINGLES.

MoRAL:—Many a true word is spoken
in jest, but the above rhyme isn’t any

joke. And boys, none know it any

better than we do.
How about it ?

Priceless

POLITENESS

tattered uppers go his way, and he

will gain a host of friends, as on

his toilsome way he wends. But
gents whose manners are correct, don’t
need such hardship to expect; they most-
ly tread on joyous feet, along the pave of
Easy street. For men of courtesy and
grace will find a welcome any place.
They are not turned from any door; the
merchant wants them in his store;
wherever there are high priced snaps,
there’s a demand for gracious chaps, who
have a stock of winning ways that they
have carried all their days. These fel-
lows get the bestin life ; when one goes
forth to seek a wife, the luscious damsels
fairly scrap to get their talons on that
chap. But never yet did pretty girl, dis-
tress herself to hook a churl. The
courteous man finds life a feast, for him
the good old world is greased, and when
he dies the whole blamed town turns out
to see him sodded down. These facts
are known the whole world o’er; you’d
think that men whose heads are sore
would try to profit by the same, and
quit their foolish, grouchy game. Po-
liteness makes your life serene, then
why be boorish, ugly, mean ? T'he more
you deal in sass and slack, the more the
world will hit you back.— Walt Mason.

THE man of perfect manners may, on

BROOKLYN DEFEATS NEW YORK

Brooklyn put one over on the Giants
today, score 3-2. ; i

It was a finely played game, featured
by the pitching of Ames and Allen.

In the ninth, with the score 2-1 in fav-
or of the Giants, Daubert singled, and
Smith won the game with a home run
in the right field stand. McGraw used
five pinch hitters, but nothing doing.
Score 3-2. ;

The ‘‘Rag-a-time-a- Wop’’ wanta know
why every time start-a dat syncopation
motion, every bod shaka demselves up.
And when hear dat Overture of William
Tell, every one maka dat br-rrrr, special
da Band men.—A4ngelo.
