---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_022.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

%?MW&MW of recreation aud
govitellowship.

Pripted ot the Fastern $State Peoitentiary
eyvery Wednesday.

Editor . B 253

Tur Warden bas inpugurated 2 plan,
wherehy men in the cells will be able to
see the ball games this summer; proyid-
ing their conduct waryents it, "This, you
will agree, is 2 great privilege, apd one
9 be jealously guarded. It is up 1o you
o show your appreciation of this priyi-
lege, by not ahusing it, Ope or two men
oap spoil it for the whole institution, |
All the Warden asks of you is to attend
strietly (o the game, and upon the con-
Ausion of the game, to return o your
o)l promptly. Now show the Warden |
that hig copfidence ip you bas pot heen
misplaced; hebave yourself, and wrge
others to do the same,

In looking forward to your release
OB parole gt some future day, you must
hear in mind that your condnct at the
hall games, will he used for or against
you, the same as it js in the cell or at
work. o you can readily see what 8
hard job it will be to convince the Board
that you can hebave yourself out in the
world, if you can not hehave youreelf for
an bouy in here,

Why don’t the bage umpires follow np
the plays? Don’t stand in one position
like a statue; go with the hall, If a
man is on gecond, get oyer along side of
gecond hase, that's where the play will
be made,  When he gtarts for third, fol-
low him up, and be at the bag when the
play is made,

Bome of the pitchers are complaining

THE UMNPIRE o
Teams visiting the new Ebbett's Park, A scm

sprouting up 21l over left field, which

interferes with their batting.

The mavager of the Library says Ban
bas not strack bis gait a8 yet—well, we
don’t know about that; he only pitched
one gowe, sud won that, If there s
anything else Pan can do, let us know,
Poet, |

Chee Chaw is still 2 bold-ous.

Listle Bobbie, of the Ninth, bae come
19 asatisfactory agreement with Timuy,
and put bis Jobn Hancock t9 2 eontract
Jast week. |

If we bad strived as bard for a2 good

record outside, a8 we 4o for one jin base

ball in here, what 2 change there would
bave hesn in our Jives,

No Josh; the fact that you are play-
ing good ball on one of the teams here,

will not aid you at Harvishurg in seek-
ing executive clemency,

Mr. Sullivan has written to the Um- |
PIRE in regard to the possibility of a
Aranohise for hig boys in the Wash House,
They ought to play pretty clean ball,

The Orchestra gave the vegular con-|

cert on the Sixth Block, Saturday night,
An interesting number was the Quar-

Fisis oy lae blew liis “born” 1o beat the band; |

Asfor pitcha‘ng, youshould seeme; I am grand;”

' No, he wouldn’t,

WHAT'S THE SCORE TO.DAY?

couldn’t; z
Then he thought he'd write 2 poem, so Tis
fame would spread o'er 2ll, '
But it wouldw’t, mo, it wouldw’t, “deed it
wouldn’'t. :

At the Ninth Block grounds one day, so 1
heard some fellows say, ' |

“As 2 batter 'm 2 star, 1 can heat them 2l
by far

One day bhe saw 20 UMPIRE, “A poet Pl be,”
; ke cried, :
AU write 2 little poem that’s 2 scream; H
| He wused four pads of paper, which goes 10
1 show e tried, " s
The met result—2z poem, called “A Dream,”

This dear little boy, who thought be could
pley ball, B

But found that he couldn’t, ’deed he couldn’t,
Should quit writing poems, or he’ll haye 5o
fame at 211, ~ '

‘deed he eouldw’t, 2und he

shouldn’t, %
PB"”.M' A

-

There was 2 time when if we met 2 friend upon
the street, : g
He talked on common themes,—the war, the
cold, or else the heat, W

tette, which rendered some popular
gongs, assisted by Henry, the piano ar-
tist. Another good pnuwmber was that
Ayl L‘h{»‘ﬂﬁ” medley, Come again
i’I%'—EMw’
i

 The Poet of the Library bas assig

e getting neryous, eh, Poet?

i Weare glad to hear that Big Whitey hag
pecured a berth with the Library through

These words pervede the atmosphere,

Mike, the short stop to watch all the o e where; upon your ear
games the Ninth plays with Cubs—must

Qf 'l)mwlil’ ]f:lidi‘f’s ba/ld hﬁﬁd 5 tllﬁy want Qolumns Of t,m UMPIRE4 notwithﬁm”(]-

And took 2n interest in one’s heaith ;

That time is passed away ;

Now no one asks us how we do, but,
What’s the score to-day ?

At weddings, funerals, balls,

I'he anxious question falls,

You go to see the kiddo you loye,
 Your cares to drive away;

You kiss, yum yum, and then she says:
Oh! what s the score to-day ?

If the ““Sand Hog’s Dubs’’ are in the lead,
What good for me to know?

him to keep it covered up, When he ing the fact, that he has failed so far to V'd like to play with the “Miners”

has his hat off ,they think his head ig the
home plate, consequently the ball is high,
and the hatter walks, |

Big Jack, in the Boiler Houge, offers
to wagh Babhi’s top shirt for two months,
if any pitcher in the League can gtrike
him out—mno one is interested enough,
dack, to care whether Rabbi’s ghirt is
waghed or not ; leagt of all, the Rabhi

himeelf.

acknowledge the courtesy that was ex-

‘t&ndﬁ(i to him,
My, Editor

How can a “Long’” ‘“‘fonl”’
“Wade”' through ““Water’” be grabbed
outside of a gack, by a *‘Slick’”” cateh,
and not ““‘Burnblack’’ after heing
gizzled off the ‘‘gtick 277"
NOTE~Tf youdon’t know, agk gsome
of the Ninth Block Bagehall Team.

fut I am Statu Quo ;
And so I hate the joyous cry
' And long to soar away,
Back to the jungles, where no one asks:
What's the score to-day ? 3
| | Bi%s ' ~Tingles,
The Band dropped gnite a few notes *
[in that game with the Plagteres lagt week
we guess it was because they had no
‘geore to play from—the Plagterers hay:
ing 13 rups and the Band 0, ‘

| . . T

