---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_024.jpg
---
4

"THE UMPIRE

W
W

A BOOK WORTH READING

““The Beloved Vagabond.”? Is a very
facinating tale. Make his acquaintance
some dreary evening, and find the vaga-
bond nerve thrilling in your own heart.

TY COBB CAN GET HIS PRICE

Ty Cobb, champion batsman of the
American League, may become a resi-
dent of Chicago, if he fails to come to
terms with the management of the De-
troit club, according to a telegram sent
by him from Augusta, Ga., today.

Cobb, replying to an offer of $ 15,000
a year and an automobile, to act as
Chicago agent for an automobile supply
company, of Logansport, Ind., said
that he was still negotiating with Pres- |
ident Navin, of Detroit, but would give
a definite answer to the busiuess propos-
ition within ten days.

The concern which seeks Cobb’s serv-
ices recently weaned Vincent Campbell
a Boston outfielder, from basgeball and
and placed him in charge of its St. Louis
branch.

INFORMATION

Dear David,

Greetings: ’

Can it be that your twenty-

one inning pitcher is sick 2 We do not
wish to think so, and yet what else can
prevent you from putting him in the box.
We have not a thought that you are|
saving said pitcher for the series, and yet
we are sometimes haunted by a vague
fear that all is not right. Just one
game, dear David, and our little hearts
will be filled with sunshine.

Ever yours in sport,
Anxious.

Ducky Going to Second (%

| how it works ?
gingerin his work. He is a good player, |

STOCKING SHED vs LIBRARY

April g

The Stocking Shed were again defeated
by the Library on Wednesday, but gave
a better account of themselves than the
game previous. Tommy had the Libra-
ry helpless for three innings, and with
the score two to one in favor the of Shed,
it looked very promising for Fingers and
Ducky to land a victory. But Ducky is
not very anxious to beat the Library, he
is holding back for the Ninth Block, and
claims he’ll win the first game, if he has
to pitch it himeelf.

Bill, one of the boys who sets type on
the UMPIRE, ‘‘set’’ a bad example to his
team-mates by striking out. :

LIBRARY STOCKING SHED
ACBIR IHEQ A TE: A.B.R. H. 0. A. E.
GL7SIES TR0 N0 000 5725 Siha o ST SR g IO
55ha L 2b 4 s 0 S 5298, °3b = 3= 0R0I 0" 2041
5986, 1b *..4 ‘T 0-5 0+ 0 5101,5ss 3 0- 0 0 4 ¢
6165, ¢f | 3.1 1 0- 0 0 6126 01 3 =000
5908,3b 4 1 0 0 0 0 5962, cf 3R e RO
5669 DI 3 S0 0 B (R () 585, p 3 01 0 0 0
5215,¢ 3 0 0 0 0 O 5553 HCINEE S Bl SEO SISO
4263, vf 4 0.0 0 0 0 6191 ert SRS GRS O R0
G427/ ESRE B EEel SRR SO 6479,2b 3 0 0 0 0 2
Total 30 7 4 5 4 1 Total 26 3 4 106 7
SCORE BY INNINGS:
T ba Ty = taaal o ISR a0 2 RO =17 -
Stocking Shed_ .. _____.___ OZREO N0 WO e
2B hits 5669. Struck out by 5659, 7. By 5805, 8.

Base on balls off 5659, 2.
ball, 5653, 5908.
Wild piteh, 5805 2.
Left on bases, Library, 3,
Umpires 4265, 5186.

Oft 5805, 2. Hit by pitched

Stolen bases, 6178.
Stocking Shed, 5.

BAND s

April 9

PLASTERERS

Store House on Thursday, which game
was postponed from the day previous,on
account of work being done at the Ninth

Herman’s
knuckle ball was seen very frequently
out around the watch box, and overin

try and strenghten some of the weak

tinuing right through the whole team.

The catcher is a ‘hard worker, and should
be encouraged. Why don’t they try Tody
back of the bat, and shift the catcher to
some other position for a while, and see
Let Reading put some

The Plasterers made a ‘‘Horrible ex- |
‘ample’’ of the Band in a game at the

Block. We never knew so many errors |
' could be made in one game.

the Fifth Block yards. The Band should

places, beginning at the catcher and con-

Stocking Shed,

but oh, so tired. Inan interview with an
Umpire correspondent, after the game,
Herman was very indignant, at what he
termed the ‘‘double crossing’’ of Dave,
manager of the Plasterers. On being
questioned further as to just what he
referred to, we learned that he had given
Dave a half dozen cigars to strike out
three times. Dave carried out the agree-
ment twice, but could not reach the
ball the other time at the bat, without
exciting suspicion. and had to take his
base on balls. Herman ought to make
a deal with Harry, the catcher, whereby
he will give him six cigars every time he
hits the ball. Soft pickings, Herman.

PLASTERERS BAND

A.B. R. HFO. A -E. A.B.R. H. O. A. E.
HHIT T C FERES T SH0 IR (RSO0 o7l el TR OSSO R O
5556, 3b SER 1 ERO RO ORE () 6124, 3b =SOSR O]
4998, 1b S (e () 5830, 1b 90 RE 04O SND
6298, 1f By B (L 0) 5731 1= 2= ORS00 S 080
14664, wef =3 TN (M0 =06 469 S 0SS0 SR O OO
3034, ss 4 2 0 0 1-0 5006, ss DR S RE T )
6161, 2b ST T R ) 6110, 2b R A0y 9t 2
47705C ) 31 53 2 S 0/ 0F 1T 6436 Te i T 0 REQ ST SR ORED)
4258, p BEEOR 0L F0LE0) 4478, p T 0O RRO S (0!
Lotz 28 S SI ST 65RO S ) Totaly 1450 0892510

Plasterersz. == s 53 DI Tt iy e A8 Rl

Band Zss ndv il S G 0 Z0EOR L =SE(

Earned Runs, Plasterers, 1.
5591. Struck out by 4258, 7.
Base on balls off 4258, 2.

Wild Pitch 4258.

3B hits 4664.
By 4478, 4.
Off 4178, 3.
Sacrifice hits, 5556, 6161, 4664.

Home Runs,

| Stolen Bases, 6161, 4664, 4770, 2

A FEW LOCAL SQUIBS

If knowledge is power, Overseer Joe

'Smith and John Myers, are powerful.

Their knowledge of baseball, and their
discussions on the fine points of the
game, are both interesting and enter-

' taining.

April showers bring May flowers, but

'they also bring gloomy expressions to

most of the baseball enthusiasts around
these parts.

The new Quartette made their initial
bow, on the Sixth Block last Saturday
evening, and they sure did make good,
and then some.

The Rabbi refused an offer to umpire
in the Southern League, when his con-
tract runs out here. He seems to be
afraid of the lynch law, in some of the
Southern' States.

The Plasterers played ¢‘That Mysteri-
ous Band’’ on Thursday, and the Band -
played “‘I’m Afraid to go home in the
dark.”’ The day before the Ninth
made the Cubs, ‘“Go way back and sit
down,’”” While the Library showed the
““A hot time in the old
town to-night.”’
