---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_025.jpg
---
NINTH SWAMPED
Plasterers Play all around the Ninth
and Defeat them 9— 3

The Ninth and Plasterers met for the
first time this season, and the result was
appalling. Yeap was in the box for the
Ninth, and was hit freely; and with the
aid of Timmy, Lefty, and Yeap himself,
the Plasterers piled up nine runs. Rube
and Augie also contributed a couple of
runs, by losing a fly in the out-field.
The Ninth hit Curley hard enough to
win any ordinary game, but the breaks
went all against them; the Plasterers
having six or seven double plays.

. Dave, at short, played a great game,
and was invaluable to his team. He
was also very valuable to the umpire,
giving him instructions as to what was
a foul ball, and what was a fair. But
the umpires had nothing to do with the
~ defeat of the Ninth. It was the Ninth
themselves. We believe they were a
little over confident at the start, but it
soon disappeared.

One of the features of the game, was
the batting of Rube, he getting two
home runs the first two times at the bat;
but Chee Chaw had his fingers crossed,
and the bags were empty. Toney, for
the Plasterers, did the next best stick
- work; getting a home run and a three
bagger, the latter would have been- a
“home run, too, but he stopped to argue
with Timmy at second, and was held at
~ third. ‘The Barber was there with a

three bagger, also a pretty one-handed
pick-up off of Slick’s bat, which stopped
a rally of the Ninth.

We notice that Fatty, Alec, and Harry,
the catcher of the Plasterers, have not
forgotten how to play disreputable ball.
The final score was 9-3.

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSIHID

SUNDAY SERVICES
The Lemon Hill Choir Accompained
by E. S. P. Orchestra

April 20

An interesting song service, by the
Lemon Hill Choir, accompanied by our
Orchestra, was held on the Centre, Sun-
day at 3 P. M.

The hymns, of which there were sever-
al, were well sung by the visiting choir,
which was composed of a number of well
trained voices. Theorchestra rendered
geveral selections. Joe, the Orchestra
leader, selected a very difficult classic,
entitled Rubenstein’s ‘‘Melody in F’’,
for his solo, which he played very credi-
tably.

The Pastor of The Lemon Hill Asso-
ciation, delivered a stirring address; our
Chaplain also made a few remarks,
which made a distinet impression.

The visiting Pastor, in the course of

his sermon, thanked the Orchestra for

their assistance, and invited them all to
be present and participate in the open-
ing services of the Lemon Hill Choir, at
a near date. Of course, this remark
caused some merriment, but the Pastor
quickly faced the congregation, and used
the following words:—‘I can safely
state, as far as I personally believe, that
if every member of this Orchestra were
permitted to be let out to visit us at
our meeting, they would all return here,
of their own free will. Wouldn’t you
boys?’ All heads bowed assent.
«“That’s the trouble’’ said our Chaplain,
“‘some of them don’t stay out, when they

are out.”” We extend our heartiest
thanks to the Lemon Hill Choir, and

hope they will soon be with us again.

PRICELESS

LIBRARY BEAT CUBS

Game to be Protested, Owing to the
Library using Borrowed Pitcher

The game on Monday, between the Lib-
rary and Cubs, will no doubt be protested.
The score was 2 to O, in favor of the
Library; but it seems that the pitcher
used by the Library belongs to the Stock-
ing Shed. The Stocking Shed is in no
condition tolet out a pitcher like Tommy,
and we think the deal should be looked
into, and see if everything is fair and
above board. The Editor has no know-
ledge of the game as played, as we
stated elsewhere in this issue, our cor-
respondents were all at the Ninth—Plas-
terers game.

The Cubs put up a good game from
all accounts, and the Library barely won
out. Of course, the Library did not have
their strongest team in the field, but they
needed it. We hope that the future
games can be so arranged that the details
will be more complete. '

If the followers of the Band, Stocking
Shed, Library and Cubs, are disappoint-
ed in not seeing an account of the game
of their respective clubs in the UMPIRE,
they will have to bear with us. Our corres-
pondents are very willing to report the
games, providing they can select the
game ; and as a rule, they all select the
best game. 'The Editor has as much in-
fluence with his staff, as the Ninth Block
has with the nmpires. ‘

If the Lemon Hill Choir aided the
Orchestra in their programme Sunday,

would that be I,emonaide?
