---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_026.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the Hastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

e e —————————————————————

B 2331 Editor :

Wednesday April 23, 1913

YEs dear reader; if his conduct is
good, an umpire is elligible for parole
the same as anyone else.

Tue Cubs would never grow very wild,
if they had the Ninth for pernament mas-
ters. Proof there is nothing in a name.

JinGLEs says that he has discovered
perpetual motion, in watching the lips of
Bingles, even when he performs on the
B flat claronet.

THE Doctor is pretty busy these days,
calling ‘‘bluffs.”” Everybody in a cell,
feels that he must have fresh air, be-
tween four and five P. M. Wonder
whats the reason?

OvERSEER O’ Brien, on the Eight Block,
wants to know if Sunday playing is pro-
hibited in this State, owing {o the foul
balls being made so often. Pass the
soup please.

Mk. Weigandt became very indignant
the other day, when some one told him
the Band was playing at the stable—He
wanted to know what was the matter
with the band-room.

THE bakers were short of men one day
last week, and were behind with their
day’s batch, until Overseer Moore went
in and helped them out, but that was
not enough, so Moore wentin the dough
—Every little bit of dough added to

what you’ve got, makes just a little
bit Moore.

IN the future, the Umpire will not
print apy criticism of any article con-
tained therein. As a rule, the critic’s
article is very poor and it is presumptous
to say the least, for him to decry the
the efforts of another. The Umpire will
gladly accept from any inmate, clean, in-
structive articles; but don’t send any
other kind, as our waste-paper bag is
only emptied once-a-week, and we don’t
like to have them lying around over the
floor.

IN the game on Friday Bill, one of
our printers, was so confident of the Li-
brary winning from the Ninth Block that
he approached Timmie before the game,
and volunteered to assist him to his cell
at the close of the game, but unfortunate-
ly when Cap hit a home run, Bill wasso
overcome that he fainted away and was
assisted to his cell. Next morning he
saw Timmie very proud, wearing a huge
flower on the lapel of his coat, and he
wanted to know where Bill was, so Bill
apologized, and said he was called away
to assist an' UMPIRE reporter.

CHARGE OF YE BASEBALL FANS.

ALLS in front of them, balls behind,
Balls in their pockets, ball on their minds
Balls in their right hand, also their left,
Some of the ball fans will commit a ball theft.
Balls in the air, balls on the ground,
Balls lost and stolen, some of them found.

Charge ’em ye swat-men, give ’em the stick,
We don’t give a piffle for the pitcher’s sharp wit,
Stick to your slab, he’ll send ’em right over,
Then slam it out hard, where the Humming
Birds hover ;
Beat it to first, then to second you thunder,
Rest not at third, or at home you will blunder.

—Ye Olde Junk Man.

THE ORCHESTRA.

IRST comes Joe our leader,.
With his fiddle sweet and true,
And by him sits our old friend Jack :
He plays first fiddle, too.

Then come Steve and Billy,
My, how those clarinets scream !

With cadenzas, variations,
They’ll put you in a dream:.

Dave, plays solo cornet,
Roge could too, (if he tried),

And Bell, you know, makes quite a show,
With his slippery trombone slide.

The baritone, is not a drone,
Dear Goldie plays quite neat,

Bass runs, like guns, come rushing
Exactly on the beat.

Larry, plays nifty on the "cello,
Sweet solos, sombre, deep,

With the Wop and Jingles, Jonesy, Bob,
Second fiddles, violas, a heap.

The big bass fiddle, Jimmie plays,
To keep us all in time,
In truth to tell, with Ralph and Dell,
The Drums are bouud to rhyme.
Henry, at the piano,
Strike ‘‘A,”’ we’ll get in tune,
Let the Poet sing a solo,
““Our Quartette,”” an oldtime tune,

—Tingles.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY APRIL 23, 1913

NINTH vs LIBRARY

APRIT, 18 s ‘
That much talked about game was
played today, between the Library and
the Ninth. The weather was ideal, and
everyone who could get away was on
hand to watch the contest. The bat-
teries, were Ban and Andy, for the Lib-
rary, against Longie and Slick of the 9th.

Tim, the first up, waited and walked.
Rube hit safe. Slick out to Eggie. Jack
struck out, but got to first on Andy’s
muff of the third strike, Lefty hit safe,
and Longie struck out Lefty’s hit score
the first run, and a wild throw to home
let another run in, making two rumns.

The Library failed to tally. In this
inning, Whitey hit for three bases, but
was left onthird. In the second, Bobbie
walked, and came home on a wild throw.
Ollie made a good catch of Tim’s long
foul. Rube hit again, and was safe.
Cap hit the longest swat of the year,
for a homer, bringing in Rube. Slick
out at first—38 runs. The Library went
out 1-2-3 order, Longie had great control
and plenty of speed. Third inning, and
two more were added to the Ninth’s
score, but again the Library bit the dust.
Neither side scored again till the sixth,
when the Library started to rally, but
could only get one single tally. Andy
oot to first, stole second, got to third on
a balk, and came home on Eggie’s single.

The game was well played, even though
the score was not very evenly balanced
Ollie, of the Library, made two catches
out in the field, that won him applause
from the crowd. Ban, the pitcher, also
showed up good, as did Eggie, the second
baseman. The team work of the Ninth
was hard to beat. Longie and Slick,
are certainly a great pair, and nothing
can be said against their work. Cap
got in the game with a broken finger,
and played real ball from start to finish.
His home-run was a beauty, and in the
sixth, he hit again for a single with such
force, as to break the bat in half. Mike,
the Library short stop got rattled at this
and fielded the broken piece of the bat
which came in his territory. ‘‘Well we
hope for a better result on Tuesday,”’
said Poet, manager of the Booklovers, as
he wended his way sorrowfully toward
the Block on which he studies out his
intricate dope. Final score 7—1 favor
the Ninth. Umpire Mr. Rabbie, who is
improving some.

