---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_027.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY APRIL 23, 1913

FROM STOCKING SHED

April 17

After five days of rest and time to plan
how to appear in the lime-light of the
E.S.P. League, the Stocking Shed bowed
for the third straight time to the Library.
Overseer Campbell’s lavender ward were
interested spectaters.

But for errors, the game would have
been much closer contested, as the
pitchers of both sides stood well at
their posts, Yellow having thirteen
strike outs to his credit, followed by
Tommy, who forced eleven of the Libra-
ry to punch the atmosphere. Jimmie,
of the Library, allowed Dud, of the sta-
ble, to fill his place, so that he would not
have too many strike outs to his credit.
~ Following is the game in detail :—
~ Jimmie out on a fly. Eggie beat out
a bunt, and scored on the catcher’serror.
Whitey walked, and scored on Ollie hit-
ting for two sacks on the roof. Mike
hita criss-cross on the wall, enabling the
Shed to retire Ollie at third.

_ Louie pulled a two base hit away from

5725. Jack hit the air. 5101 lost
out, over the wall. . Ban singled, and
came home on YVYellow’s three bagger
on the roof, and died, trying to steal
home. Andy out at first. Jimmie fan-
ned. 6443 out on strikes. 5962 and
5895 going out, over the wall _

Eggie out on third strike. Whitey hit
a funny one against the wall getting to
second. Louie fanned. Whitey scored
on Ollie’s fumbled grounder. Mike hit
over the wall. 5653 and 6191 out on
strikes.  Ban fanned. Yellow also.
Andy hit on the roof for two pans, and
Jimmie brought him home, himself safe
at first, but was caught stealing third.

Slim out at first. 5553 hit a fly to
Eggie. 5101 struck out.

Eggie out at first, with Tommy’s help.
‘““Whitey safe at first,”’ said the umpire,
and scored on 5908, who was outat first.
Ollie retired at first.

Yellow fanned the entire side again.
Mike walked. Ban safe on first. Jim-
mie out at first. 6191 and 5653 punched

the air. 5230 out at first. Positions
changed. Andy walked. Jimmie was
nervous, allowing Dud to bat in his

place, bringing Andy across the plate.
Eggie fanned. Whitey hit a fly to the
pitcher. Slim hit safe, got to third,

LIBRARY WINS THIRD GAME| AND THEY ALLPLAYED BALL |CUBS WIN THE FIRST GAME

he game opened with Molasses at
Tthe stick, and small-pox catching.
Cigar was in the box with plenty

of smoke. Horn on first base, and Fid-
dle on second base, backed by Corn in
the field, who made it hot for Umpire
Apple who was rotten. Ax came to bat
and chopped. Cigar let Brick walk, and
Sawdust filled the bases. Song made a
hit, and Twenty made a score. Cigar
went out and Balloon started to pitch but
went straight up. Then Cherry tried it
but was wild. Old Ice kept cool in the
game until he was hit by a pitched ball,
then you ought to have heard ice scream.
Cabbage had a good head and kept quiet-
Grass covered lotsof ground inthe field
and the crowd cheered when Spider
caught the fly. Bread loafed on third
and pumped Organ who played fast and
put Light out. Inthe fifth inning Wind
began to blow about what he could do.
Hammer began to knock and Trees be-
gan to leave. 'Theway they roasted
Peanuts was a fright. Knife was put
out for cutting first base. Lightning
finished pitching the game and struck out
six men. In the ninth Apple told Fid-
dle to take his base. Oats was shocked,
then Song made another hit. Trombone
made a slide, and Meat was put out on
the plate. There waslots of betting on
the game but Soup cleaned up. The
score was 1 to 0. Door said if he had
pitched he would have shut them out.

but couldn’t get home. Jack, 6442, and
5963 hit the air.

Louie fanned. Ollie got hit, and went
to first, to wait for Mike and Ban to punch
holes in the air. The game was very in-
teresting, and the crowd went in well

pleased.
LIBRARY STOCKING SHED
PASSETEREDE (S AT S A.B.R. H. 0. A. E
4263, rf 4 1000 5720 1SR SO B () BV 30
5553,2b 4 1 0 1 00 5293 /8h 3000 o
598G A0 S8 oSO 5101,5s 3 0 0 0 0 1
6165,ef 4 1 0 1 0 O 6443 1f 3 0 0 0 0 0
5908,8h 4 0 2 0 1 0 5692 e S EOR0 00 0
204258 4 0 0 0 1 0 5305 DO OO0 N
5669,1f 4 1 0 0 0 1 G191 RS0 SOEEG513 80 g
G178 D 31 0 1T 0S80 5653, Tft 201010 1 700
5215, ¢ 32113 0 0 5230,2b 2 0 0 0 1 1
Total 34 7 718 2 1 Total 220 0 226 4
SCORE BY INNINGS:
Tibrary oo s i R o L Gr At b TSR
Stockinorshed S EatEsrTa O 0S0E0N 000 (0520

2B hits 5908. 5215 Struck out by 6178, 13 By 5805, 11.
Base on balls off 6178, 0. Oﬁ 5 05, 9,

3B hits, 6178 Wild pltch

Stolen bases 5986, 5908 (2), 2042 5215, 5725

Passed balls 0)15 286191, 1

Left on bases, lerary, Stoeklng Shed, 4.
Umpires “Rabb1 » John Henry.’

FROM THE BAND

April 18

After the cessation of play for a whole
week, caused by the inclemency of the
weather, the teams again arrayed them-
selves to do battle.

The above teams played a rather un-
interesting game, and it was easy to see
that the players were off colors. Both
the pitchers are good men but they com-
plained of stiffness, and consequently the
pitching was not of the first water. Also
there were several quite avoidable errors,
which as the season advances we are sure
will be elminated.

Herb told us that he was off some, to-
day, but he means to make things hum
before the temperature becomes tropical.
We append the most conspicious plays:—

First inning: Joe walked, stole second
and third, and scored on Freddie’s hit,
who was doubled by Larry.

Second inning; Herb walked, stole
second and third, and scored on Ralph’s
hit, Alfred walked, stole second and
third, and scored on a fumbled bail.

Fourth inning; Frank passed, stole
second and third, and scored on Charley
hit. Jordon singled, stole second and
third and both men scored on Kreddie’s
hit, who faded later.

Fifth inning; Herb singled, stole
second and third, Mike passed to first,
and Josh made a smart double play.
By the way, keep quiet Josh, you make
to much noise, it make us tired and people
don’t care for it.

While we wish this really industrious
team all the very best of luck, and are
quite satisfied it will attend them if they
persevere, we must state that on this
occasion there is little to report.

In the fourth inning, Josh came very

-|near scoring, but was unfortunately sand-

wiched between third and the plate.

Go to it Band! and let ‘‘Nil desperan-
dum’’ be your war cry, and we exhort
the rooters to attend you closely.

The score at the close was 6—0 in
favor the Cubs. Incidently we observed
that the Band had three men on bases
when the whistle blew.

I respectfully wish to suggest, that the
least the Homnorable Editor could do
for a member of his staff of ‘‘dope
slingers,’’ would be to furnish him with

TLES.

