---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_029.jpg
---
‘is a special mark for any pitcher.

VOL, 2 NO, 7

S I watched the >game between the|

Cubs and Band, Tuesday, I par-

ticularly noticed that several
members of both teams were very weak
hitters. No ball player is in demand
when it is plainly seen that, as he nobly
stands up to the plate, watching the
pitcher get ready to put one over, he de-
liberately pulls away from the plate, the
instant the pitcher lets the ball go. In
order to hita pitched ball, it is necessary
to keep the eye on the ball until it cross-
es the plate. Courageous batters, when
they hit the ball, see it come in contact
with the bat. A good batter will step
up on the ball to nip any break in it, if
he can. A good eye can pick out the
curve, long before the ball breaksinto its
curve,

An outeurve, for a right-handed bat-
ter, means that the ball, on its journey
to the plate, will revolve to the left, and
when the momentum loses its force, the
ball will describe the so-called out-curve.
An in-curve revolves the opposite way.
Watch the ball, and bear in mind that
the pitcher never hits a batter intention-
ally. A batter and pitcher always try
to out-guess each other. Any batter
who steps out of alignment with the ball
Keep
your eye on the ball and jump at it at
the psychological instant, and you will
be doing just what all good batters do.

Managers should force their weak hit-
ters to practice at hitting a ball that is
merely lobbed over, then increase the
speed until they overcome the weakness
of turning tail on a pitched ball.

The batters in question seem to be
momentarily overcome with fear or ner-
vousness. No matter how spectacular a
fielder may be, all scouts pass him up if
he turns tail at the bat.

Suppose the ball does hit you?
' —Rocky.

IN

PLASTERERS vs STOCKING SHED
April 22nd.

Fumble, fumkle, fumble, seemed to be
the order of the day, when the above
teams played their postponed game.

There was never for a moment any
doubt about the issue, because the Plas-
terers started in with runaway scoring

This team, who by the way are at the
head of affairs, are a real good team and
the one that beats them in the finish
has got its work to do.

They have no excess baggage, and
from all indications, we assume that
their crafty manager was right there
when the contracts were signed. They
seem to have all their last year’s strength
and vim, in addition to a number of new
“‘bloods *’ who are all masters of the art.

They have never won a pennant, and,
without a doubt, their victory this year
would be received with nuch satisfac-
tion.

Today they had it all their own way;
but times and conditions change, and
the weaker teams will improve, and if
the leaders get careless and too cock-sure,
as they have done in former years, it is
quite probable that the tables may be
reversed before the end of the season.

The Stocking Shedisa very fair team,
and under the guidance of their efficient
manager, Stuart, who is one of the most

TERESTS OF RECREATION AND G

WEDNESDAY APRIL 30, 1913

ardent workers in the league, and of
whom it has been said with a deal of
accuracy that ‘‘he would rather play
ball than eat.”’

The chief difficulty that has always
troubled managers, is in enlisting pitch-
ers of ability. Cheer up Stuart! and
never say die; we wish you luck in de-
veloping your team, and we know you
can bhandle the situation. The result
was 15—3 in favor of the Plasterers.

OODFELLOWSHIP

PLASTERERS vs CUBS

The opening game of a series be-
tween the above teams was played to-

day, and a very decent game result-
ed. The Plasterers won, but they had very
little in hand, and nothing to brag about.
As we remarked before, if Dave will per-
sist in wearing his old warrior down,
there’s nothing but disaster ahead for
him. Alecis playing great ball these days,
and it appears to us that he utterly ig-
nores anything but a home run. Herb
pitched for the Cubs; there is not a more
zealous playerin the league, and he plays

for all he is worth at all times. The Cubs

have some good players, amongst whom
we noticed one in particular, who made
some remarkable steals, and is coming to
the front by leaps and bounds.

We were sorry to see the way the
players jumped on the base umpire when
the poor fellow, through nervousness,
made a slight miscalculation; really, any
one would think from their attitude,
that they were paying these men big
fat salaries to stand on the field to be
ballyragged; it would be much more
generous and gentlemanly on their part,
if they would think of their own faults
instead of picking holes in others.

The final score was 6—3 in favor of
the Plasterers. '

Details of the game:—

Plasterers:—1st inning; Dave, passed,

stole second, and scored on Stump’s
home run.

Second inning, Alec singled, stole sec-
ond and third, and scored on the first
baseman’s error; Curley passed, stole
second and third, and scored on a wild

piteh. —Henry.
