---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_030.jpg
---
2 | THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY APRIL 30, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

S

BI2331 B ditor:

e e e e e A e e, St e

Wednesday April 30, 1918

Crumbs of comfort don’t always mat-
erialize by casting our bread down the
pot.

Some of the stories told the Chaplain
are pretty hard to swallow, and the truth
may not be palatable either --but better.

They say the saloon is the poor man’s
club - - yes, and if you are a steady mem-
ber, you become connected with the
policeman’s club.

A great many fellows here, complain
of always having the blues, when in a
great many cases, it’s only a streak of
yellow.

Itis a well known fact that the Ninth
has very few, if any rooters ; the players
of the Ninth claim they know of none.
But in this, they are mistaken. After
the game on Friday, one of the happiest
men in the institution was Joe Pot. He
wore a smile on his face a mile wide, and
we thought at first the parole law had
passed. Upon asking Joe the cause of
his joyfulness, all he couldsay was ‘‘six
to two favor the Ninth.”” We were grati-
fied to learn that Joe is for the Ninth,
regardless of the fact that he rooms with
the manager of the Plasterers’.

Harry, the Plasterers’ catcher, wishes
it known, that he did not say the rule
of catching the third strike was made
for the benefit of the 9th Block, but

did say that the managers did not recieve ||
word from the President, that catchers||

must catch the third strike this

should make this rule, until the

him withouta hole in the end of it.

‘“ Go to it Timmie ; you had better get ||
some kind of a rule that will enable you ||
to reach first base ; as yourself and I are||
about even when it comes to batting, and |
I can assure you I wish you the best of !

success. ’’

year. ||
Harry did not see why one manager |
game ||
between the 9th and Plasterers. Timmie, | §
who showed such a remarkable improve- | |
ment in his batting in this game, that the||
Warden is going to have abat made for ||

PLEASANTRIES,
A Prison Garden.

Y ample needs in garden seeds
Now occupy my mind.

I simply pant to go and plant
A peck of every kind.

The pumpkin vine, I think is fine,
To yams I also lean;

I fairly love the fine points of
The onion and the bean.

The marrowfat must grace my plat,
I want the squash and leek.

For early roots and thrifty shoots
Assiduously I seek.

I want the pieplant and the prune,
The radish and the beet.

But how can I plant all this in

A plat of four square feet?
—Selected.

ANOTHER DREAM.

FTER boxing with three mutton stews,
I rolled in bed to take a snooze.
Thought came slow, and snores came thick,
Soon as I hit the old ‘‘stir’’ tick.
Troubles of earth soon slipped away,
And dreams came to me that seemed like play.
I saw a palatial train standing by,
And heard the conductor’s ever welcome cry ;
““All aboard, for Sunshine Port !
This train goes to the summer resort,
Where care is shattered and hearts are free.’’
I saw him point direct at me,
So I got aboard to taste of pleasure’s cup—
When a bold, bad runner yelled, ‘‘Water up !”
—R ocky

PITHY SAYINGS BY MEN OF
EMINENCE

Make the most of yourself, for that is
all there is of you.— Ralph Waldo Emerson.

Adapt thyself to the things with which
thy lot has been cast.— Marcus Awurelius.

There is only—gr_le— ley to be happy,

and that is to make somebody else so.—
Sid. Smith.

DUCKIE AND BLINK

THE NINTH AND PLASTERERS
BATTLE IN LIVELY GAME

April 2
’ H%] best game of the season was play-
ed to-day between the Plasterers
and the Ninth. Curly, pitching for the
Plasterers, expended too much energy,
trying to hold a man on second. He
paid the penalty for it in the third in-
ning. After that he settled down and
pitched star ball. Quick return pitching
is useless, except to catch a batter nap-

ping.

The third inning was ‘Old Home Week’
for the Ninth. Lefty was the brilliant
Cobbite, when it came to slamming the
sphere. Single, double, and home run,
was his contribution. In this third in-
ning, Brownie poled a homer, and de-
lighted the fans with a dazzling burst of
speed on the bases.

Lefty took the same. Waters rubbed
it in with another. ~Rube and Timmie
helped the good work along with a
double and single, respectively. After
that, Rube took several bites out of the
ozone. Timmie had another hit up his
sleeve. Both catchers were on their
toes all the time. TLongy controlled the
situation with speed that was terrific.
In the second, Dave, of the Plasterers,
raised the hopes of his followers by hit-
ting out a clean home run. After that
Longy stopped speeding them to him.

Toney was there with a couple of hits.

Little Dick had a chance to put kis team
on the right side of the ledger, but was
not equal to the emergency.
" Alec clouted for a home run in the
sixth. Only once was Longy in danger,
that was in the seventh, when Little
Dick, Stump, Toney and Felix, hit in
succession.

The fielding features were the close-to-
the-wall catch, by Dave, and Alec’s
great catch that spoiled a home run.

Many good hits were wasted over the
street wall.

Too many players try at the same
time, to field the ball to make the put-
out at first; it only results in confusion.
Let captain or manager call out the name
of the player who should getit. Given
a regulation diamond and all these play-

ers would put up a star brand of field-
ing. The score ,6—2

Say, you ardent fan, how would you
like to slide on those cobble stones ?
Don’t criticize too harshly. —Rocky

