---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_031.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY APRIL 30, 1913

LIBRARY vs NINTH

April 24

The Ninth defeated the Library in the
final game of the series, thereby making
a clean sweep. Andy, who can play any
position ou a ball team, took up the pitch-
ing end in today’s game for a change, and
done exceedingly well. He was opposed
by Bill, of the Ninth, who held the Li-
brarians helpless. The Library only could
put one man across the plate. Jimmy
walked, stole second and third, and on
Slick’s throw to third, to catch him nap-
ping, he scored; Slick’s throw being wild.
The only clean hit by the Library, wasa
two bagger, by Ollie to left.

Lefty, first up for the Ninth, started
trouble for Andy by hitting the second
ball pitched for the circuit. Cap. hit
safe and stole third, and while Walter
was getting his breath, Cap. stole
home. In the second, Timmy walked,
and after several attempts by Andy to
catch him off second, threw wild and he
landed on third, from which he scored on
Yeap’s long fly to Eggie. One of the
most interesting features of the afternoon
was the performance of Slick, who un-
loaded 250 bushel of potatoes in eight
minutes and twenty-two seconds on a bet.
Of course, the game was delayed until
the potatoes were unloaded, so Jim, the
runner on the first block, came to Slick’s
assistance by taking four petatoes and
pufting them in his pocket. —Timmy

NINTH vs PLASTERERS
April 23
The Ninth met the Plasterers for the
second time this year, and the result was
-reversed; the Ninth bringing home the
bacon by the score of 7—1. Longie start-
ed the game, and was going fine, but
was releived by Bill in the fourth, who
held the Plasterers scoreless. Curly, as
usual, was on the firing line for the
‘““Mud Slingers,’”’ but was not very effect-
ive. Rube is still stinging the ball, hav-
ing a home run and a two bagger. This
makes four home runs in three games
—Mr. Baker, take notice.

The umpires should stop Dave from
stepping in front of the ball. 'We do not
mind him getting his base so much, but
we are afraid he will be out of the game
through injuries, and that would be far
worse a blow to the Plasterers, than the
blow he received on his arm. After the
Plasterers went out in order in their first

3

nm_“‘“_________

half, the Ninth got to Curly from the
start. Lefty waited for four wide ones,
and Rube followed with a home run over
the roof. Stump dropped Cap’s fly, but
Cap, was doubled up, when Slick, by
poor head work hit at the first ball over.
Fatty making a nice catch, doubling
up Cap. at first. Longie is suprising
everyone by his hitting this year. He
came through with a home run this
game. The Plasterers were very weak
with the stick, not getting a ball beyond
second base. Dave played his usual
good game, likewise Curly, who fielded
his position good, taking everything
that came his way. Dave’s ¢ WHITE
HOPE" was seen warming up around by
the burner, but for some reason, best
known to himself, must have been
very chilly, as he was still there when
the whistle blew. —Timmy

LIBRARY vs NINTH

April 23

After the severe drubbing the Ninth
received from the Plasterers on Monday,
they met the Library on Tuesday, and
the change of form was remarkable.
From the tap of the bell the Ninth was
at the ‘“‘Bookworms’’ tooth and nail, and
when the smoke of battle had cleared
away, the Ninth had five runs to their
credit. Yellow was the victim for Tues-
day’s slaughter, and stcod it for five in-
nings, and then he made way for Tom-
my, who at this writing, is a pitcher of
some importance, being claimed by both
Library and Stocking Shed.

Longie did the honors for the Ninth,
and was strong all the way, both at the
bat and in the box. = Rube had his third
home run in two days, and Cap., not to
be out-done, put one in the same place
for another. Yellow was poorly sup-
ported, Ban, Big Whitey and Dud, mak-
ing costly errors. After the third inn-
ing, Andy, as usual lost heart, and play-
ed a lifeless game behind the bat. In
the first inning, with two strikes on Lef-
ty, he waited and walked. Big Whitey
was reading a volume of Henry James,
and didn’t see Augie’s bounder in time
to get of the way, and Augie landed on
second. Cap. struck out, but Slick sent
Augie home with a hié to center. He
scored on Yeap’s sacrifice.. Jack hit
safe, stole third, and came home on
Wade’s badly played bounder by Ban.
Bobbie ended the inning with a fly to
Ollie. The Library was shut out until
the 6th, when Andy, who had two strikes
on him, landed on a straight one and
placed it in the yard for two bases. He
was caught a mile off second, but Lefty
dropped the throw, and Andy crossed
the plate with the first run. The field-
ing of the Library team was off color,
with the exception of Ollie, who play ed
his usual good game at third. —Timmy

___“M___’

PLASTERERS vs STOCKING SHED

April 24.

The last game today between the above
teams was witnessed by a goodly crowd,
and brought forth much merriment, and
uncertainty reigned throughout until
the final inning. ‘The aspiring young-
sters, well organized, and under the able
directorship of Ducky, held the Plaster-
ers well in hand, and but for a most
welcome burst of luck at the right mo-
ment, we should now be recording a vic-
tory for the Stocking Shed.

On no occasion this season, has Dave
had to put on his considering cap and
get a move on as he had to today, and
nobody knows more than he does, how
near his team was to defeat.

We sympathized with him in his di-
lemna; he rushed about with a worried
look, exhorting his men to stand firm,
and be of good cheer under the great
strain; because we appreciate that it
would have been a severe shock to his
team’s prestige, if one had been slipped
over on them by such a “as people erron-
iously think,) mediocre team as the
Stocking Shed.

Don’t believe it friends, when you hear
people speak lightly of these weaker
teams; as a matter of fact they are going
ere long to surprise the natives. Just
imagine what it will mean to Dave with
the reputation he has, and the formid-
able array of sturdy fighters he com-
mands, if he gets caught napping. Cer-
tainly he has not a dead head among the
whole lot, which goes to show that the
Stocking Shed’s chances must not be ig-
nored.

Ducky was brimming over with satis-
faction, and the result did not disparage
him perceptably, for he had put up a
great battle. ‘‘Big Find’’ pitched for
the visitors, but retired in favor of the
old war horse, who undoubtedly saved
the day for them.

Tommy pitched for the Stocking Shed
in great style, and in passing, we advise
him to keep a little better control over
his balls and not get so wild ; he is a
comer all right. The result was 9—6
and space does not permit of details; so
we merely give the men who scored:— .

Plasterers:—Barber (2), Alec (2),
Stump (2); Harry, Tony, Felix.

Stocking Shed:—Slim (2), Pete (2);
Betts, Toady.

One word before closing must be said
for young ‘‘Spetts’’ Ducky’s latest ac-
quisition; he made a splendid catch in
the outfield, and threw the ball to home
plate with great precision; he also hita
two bagger, as well as several other
good plays. He is a promising boy
Ducky, and our advice to you is to hold
on te him. —Henry
