---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_033.jpg
---
DEVOTED TO THE

INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

VOL. 2 NO, 8.

WEDNESDAY MAY 7, 1913

PRICELESS

LIBRARY LOSE OUT

One of the Most V;Intéresting Games
of the Season Pulled Off

The Bear-cats beat the Students 4-2.
Curley again pitched championship ball.
His new cream ball is a peach. Dave
drove a dandy homer in the first. In
the fourth, Jim hit and scored on Felix’s
furious fumigatory home run. Curly
hit. In the seventh, the ‘‘ new player ’
hit a home run. Toney hit hard, but
was unfortunate. Dave picked thrown
ball off wall at third. A wild throw al-
lowed one soph. to score. Fielding was
first class. Three home runs off Yellow
beat Librarians, otherwise, Yellow used
a cannon ball to good effect.
hit made only five off Yellow.

For Students, Andy stung one for a
home run. Beef Trust hit, and scored
on Harry’s wild throw to second. Ollie
and Big Whitey each hit. 4 hits off
Curley. A sizzling game. Once before
[ said, that the Student’s will bear watch-
ing. Fast fielding on both sides kept
the crowd in good humor.

All managers and players enrolled in
this league, should not forget that the
commission laid down certain restrictive
rules, in regard to unfieldable hit-
ting. A hit to the roof goes for three
‘bases only. A hit into a yard goes for
two bases. An agreement between man-
agers, does not invalidate rules formu-
lated by the Commission. Both sides in
this game gained on questionable home
runs, and, for that reason, protestation
is useless. The game stands as played.
In future, rules must be observed.—R.

asterers e, L8 s, 1002001 0—4

b rary® e . 001010002

Stump’s-

S. SHED OUTCLASSED

Cubs Outplay Stocking Shed Every
Minute of the Game

A herd of nine wild Cubs were set
loose upon the Stocking Shed on Tues-
day afternoon, and the Shed was devour-
ed by the score of 5-0. Herb, who did
the pitching for the Menagerie, was very
hungry, and could not be satisfied. He
not only mowed the Shed down in one
two three order, but also cracked out a
couple of hits, one of which was a two
bagger. Freddie, the catcher, had a
good appetite with the bat, stowing away
a two bagger and a triple. Jor. also
contributed a two bagger. Tommy, who
did the twirling for the shed, was hit
hard when hits were needed. The game
was devoid of any interesting features,
with the possible exception of two double
plays by Jack, third baseman of the
Shed, which the umpire refused to allow.
The umpire was wrong in both instances,

as the fielder does not have to tag the
runner, only the bag, when there is a
man on first and second; the man on
second being forced. The Shed was
very weak with the stick, and along with

the fine defensive work of the Cubs in
the field, the Shed was helpless; not a
man getting to third base. While at the
bat, 5293 jumped in front of the ball,
and was called out.

$5,000,00 REWARD
CONTEST FOR PRISONERS ONLY

Raffles will be at the corner of Market
and Chestnut Streets, at five o’clock to-
night. He will be tied to a post, and
eating matzoths. He will wear a white
hat and black shoes. The one who dis-
covers him first, will get the reward.
Start fair. No sneaking over the wall
after breakfast.

BAND SLAUGHTERED

The Poet and i‘I—lS Team Were Help-
less in the Hands of the Ninth

In our opinion, only those games,
where either team has a possible chance
of winning, are worth recording; to wit,
the game on Friday last between the
Stocking Shed and the Ninth Block.

In today’s game, one side
earthly chance.

With all due respect to the Band and
their pitchers who did their level best to
combat their opponents, but without a-
vail, we feel bound to assert that unless
they can dig up some strong twirler,
their prospects will be absolutely hope-
less when they come in contact with the
premier teams.

Today’s game was merely practice for
the Ninth, and it would not be paying
them much of a compliment to record
the individual plays.

Suffice it to say, Longy made 3 home
runs, in two of which he brought in 6
runs. The Ninth used their most formid-
able battery, whioch was unneccessary,
and which should be enough to account
for the result—which was 21-—1 in their
favor.

1t seemed to us that nearly everybody
made a home run, and the diamond
gave us the impression of being on a
running race track.

had no

TEHRS =9 ]
BanAis e e o OLOZ0RQR0RT =5

CONSOLATION PRIZE.

Raffles lives in Camden, New Jersey.
The first one who writes to the Puzzle
Editory and tells the city and state Raffles
lives in, will get a brand new clay pipe.
This contest is open to all. Write your
answers plainly. No maps. — Rocky.
