---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_034.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

—

B 2331 Editor :

e

Wednesday May 7, 1913

The Poet, late manager of the Library,
is now managing the Band. We believe
there will be more harmony in the Band
than there was in the Library.

Don’t feel sorry for yourself if you
can’t get along with your cellmate—
perhaps he needs sympathy more than
you do.

The indiscriminate throwing of balls
by players before the game should be
prohibited. The pitchers and catchers
should be the only ones allowed to
play before four o’clock and they to be
confined to the side lines.

The lecture to be given Saturday will
be the last until next Fall. With the
coming examinations and vacation, the
students of the University can not find
time to attend. Those who were fortu-
nate enough to attend the lectures dur-
ing the past year, desire to tender their
thanks and appreciation to the gentle-
men who so generously contributed their
time to make these lectures instructive
and entertaining.

STOCKING SHED 7, BAND 2

MAY 1

A protested game was played between
the above teamg. Many walked to first
on account of it being May first. ‘Tom-
my, pitcher, should cultivate control, as
he has the goods. A little more exper-
ience, and a required knack of mixing
them up, will put you in the top class,
your home run was a beauty. Josh en-
gineered a neat double play singled hand-
ed. Stocking Shed hit hard and timely.
Two Band pitchers knocked out, and the
third groggy. The game was replete with
sins of commission and omission. In-
fusion of new blood will help the
Bandits.

A running catch of a fly was made by
some player, whose name I didn’t catch
—although he caught the ball. —Rocky

[Fibranyeorns Satl el 004037
I3 5T s e S S 0101 0—2

THE

UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY
THE POET MANAGER
When in the game, we cannot blame,
The one who makes a muff.

But it’s a shame, to hear the ‘‘lame’’
Excuse, which is a bluff.

The other day, we saw a play

I'he Poet made at ‘‘short.”
And I must say, if that’s the way

He poorly has been taught.

A fast one hit right in his ‘“‘mitt”’
He dropped and ran away,

His lip he bit, he does not fit
Where fast ones comes his way,

So in his place, to save his face,
He put that old time Mike,

When now we lace, and make the base,
We surely have to ‘‘hike.”

When at the stick, he takes his pick,
A ball that’s miles too wide,
He takes a lick, that makes him sick,
And then sits down to hide.

But this is true, that he’s all blue,
Without a streak of yellow,
And fighting too, till games are through
Don’t make him a bad fellow.

But take this tip, and don’t let slip,
The pennant if you want it,

Just make them hit, don't get the ‘‘pip”’
The season has just started,

Moral: A word to the wise is sufficient, Poet,

Manager of the Bookworms, get wise.
—/Jingles

NINTH vs STOCKING SHED.

April 30

When Ducky went against the Ninth
on Monday in the six inning, and let the
Ninth down with one hit, his manager
booked him to pitch the next game
against the Ninth on Wednesday. For
four innings he pitched gilt-edge ball,
and but for errors by his team mates,
would have been ahead. The Shed got
two runs, both being homers over the
roof. 5293 getting one in the second, and
55568 in the sixth. A ball was hit over
the end wall for the first time this
season, and Cap of the Ninth did the
trick. Just before the whistle blew,
Longie hit one over the roof for another
homer. With the exception of Longie,
at first base, the Ninth fielded faultlessly,
and Jack did not exert himself in the
box. Ducky wasnot hit as hard as the
score indicates; ragged support letting
in most of the runs. Jack, Slick, and

Cap. hit two baggers. —Timmy
Ninthi Blocler it 300050 6—14
Stocking Shed. ... 001001 0—2

71913

PLASTERERS vs CUBS
April 30

A great game was cooked, dished, and
served up all piping hot to day, by the
Cubs to the Plasterers. They gave them
a good run for their meney, and so close-
ly did they hang on to each other, that
it was impossible to determine, with any
certainty, which team would be return-
ed the winner until the whistle sounded.

Again Dave had to keep his eyes open,
and have all his wits about him; and
it was easy to see that he realizes he
must not lose one game to any of the
minor teams, if he entertains any hope
of winning the coveted trophy.

Everybody on the field enjoyed every
moment of the time the game was in
progress, including our worthy league
president, who we could observe was out
to encourage the weaker teams. His
policy is the right one, and we hope ere
long to see the fans go his way also.

The loss of balls was disastrous, and
we heard Curly casually remark, that it
would be necessary to have a millionaire
on their staff if, this state of affairs con-
tinued. Fifteen balls were logt today.

Our special attention was drawn to
the Umpire ‘‘John Henry’’. Hesure is
the right man in the right place; no kick
or protest of any kind ruffles his genial
disposition, for he exercises his own judg-
ment, is governed by that alone, and
allows nothing else to influence his
decision.

He is the personification of good humor
and good temper, and by this he com-
mands the respect of the community.

Tony pitched for the Plasterers, and
held his own down well; Kidney officia-
ted for the Cubs and did likewise; and by
the way, thisis the young fellow to
whom we drew attention in last week’s
UmPIRE, when we remarked that ‘‘we
noticed in particular one player, who
was coming to the front by leaps and

bounds,”” his name was unfortunately
omitted on that occasion.

Our friend Herb, for the Cubs, started
the ball rolling with a home run; several
excellent plays were made

It is with the -greatest pleasure that
we are able to record the continued
splendid behavior of all parties concerned
in the games, and we are perfectly sat-
isfied in our own mind that the Warden’s
confidence in the men was not misplaced.
It is most agreeable to notice them stand-
ing around in groups watching the games,
and discussing various topics of interest,
in a rational and most sensible spirit.

Plasterers. o tae et tess 20100 0—3
Cubs, [hEEE NosstiE- SEmese e 10000 0—1

