---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_035.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 7, 1913

NINTH and S. SHED

Ninth Certainly had to Play Ball to
Win from the Stocking Shed

History repeated itself today in the
above game which produced one of the
most exciting duels from start to finish,
that has been witnessed in this university
this season. Last week the Stocking
shed handled the Plasterers with a rough
and relentless hand, and today they
gave the Ninth the most severe gruelling
they have had this season.

So strongly was the game contested,
that up to the Seventh inning the score
was 2-—2 ; at the conclusion of the next
inning, the Stocking shed had forged to
the front with such a dash, that they
held a clear lead of three runs, and at
this stage the old Ninth began to hand
out signals of distress, inasmuch that
Slick suggested to Jack to walk all the
rest with a view of killing time.

However, they rallied again, and the
traditional luck, which has so many
times previous to this attended them,
came again to their rescue, and enabled
them to scramble home with the score
7—>5 1n their favor.

We feel constrained to state, that if
the whistle had sounded promptly as the
clock struck five, the game would have
resulted in a tie. By this, we do not
wish it to be construed that the Ninth’s
foxy manager is in collusion with the

chief of the siren, even though he was

absent from the gaine.

Several home runs were made, and al-
together the play was of the first water.
Jack pitched a fine game, and the only
word we find to describe the dexterous
way in which Tommy handled thesphere
1s —superb—. Tt will be remembered
that our correspondent in last week’s
UmPIRE, stamped him as a sure comer.

About the Ninth’s qualifications, no
words of ours are needed, and with re-
gé,rd to the composition of Stewart’s
team, there is very little to say, because
they demonstrated today that they are a

dangerous lot to fool with. —Henry
INTthSBlocle s & OROBISOROFIE0R5 =21
Stocking Shed........ 000000235

Thrift of time will repay yoﬁ in after-
life, with a thousand fold profit, beyond
your most sanguine dreams.— William E.
Gladstone.

BAND BEATEN BY LIBRARY

April 30

The measure of the Band team was
decisively taken by the hard hitting
Library team.

Yellow was in the points, and had a
baffling out-curve that the Bandits could
not solve, and that tells the whole story;
if to it is added some ragged fielding.
Up to the beginning of the fifth inning,
the Band boys only got one hit. In the
fifth, Big Six, as the Warden came
through the gate, swung and put the
home run label on one of Yellow's
straight ones. That was their only
score.

Beef Trust caught a perfect game, and
kept his infield steady. Jack, the Port
sider, pitched for the Band, but kept his
stuff in his cell. He was hit hard and
consistently. Dave, his receiver, had
the double task of steadying the pitcher
and infield. He tried hard, and thatisall
we can ask of any man. Firstand third
sacks were well protected by two bung-
lers.

This was a bad feature: Jack, the
Portsider, failed to run out his hit, in
the fifth. It might have been the start
of a rally. One never can tell what will
happen in baseball.

Hard hitting garnered ten runs for
the students

Two runs in the first on hits and mis-
plays.

In the second, Yellow kit for a double,
and the fight was on. And, upon my
word, it was fun to see him run to third;
his chest a-heave with a great elation.
Louie’s hard hitting featured the game.
Two doubles and a single marked his
portion.

Eggie was Louie’s rival with
willow.

Yellow got two doubles, also.

Williams hammered out a stinging
triple.

Many others hit well.

Poet beat out a pretty bunt.

The Students will bear watching.

The game lacked fielding features.

the

Why prolong the agony ?
I A LA Y s e oo 10224110
o] e e e OROEOROS1IRO=—N]
—Rocky

He who has conferred a kindness
should be silent; he who has received one

should speak of it.—Seneca.

LIBRARY BEAT BAND

Barely Win Out, as the Band Team
is Strengthened Considerably

One of the most interesting and
finely played games of the season, was
pulled off at the Store House grounds
Friday afternoon. From the time the
umpire cried, ‘‘play ball,”’ until seven
minutes of five, there was always some-
thing doing. Yellow was the slab artist for
the Library, and was steady with men
on bases. Larry, the Band pitcher,
deserved a better fate, but some of his
misfortune he brought on himself.

Until the eighth inning was reached,
the score was two to two; and the two
runs secured by the Library was a gift
from Larry. In the first inning with
two down, he had plenty of time to get
the batter at first, but threw hard and
wild, and the first run crossed over.

In the third inning, with one down and
a man on second, Larry thinking there
were two out, told Big S8ix to get the
man at first, instead of getting the man
going home, which caused another run,
which goes to show that a player should
have his mind on the game.

In the fourth, Josh walked, and Big
Six hit safe. On Ban’s error of Nelse’s
easy grounder, two runs crossed the
plate, tying the score. Both teams then
settled down and played fast ball until
the last half of the eighth, ILew drove
a liner to left, and Yellow hit the roof
for three bases, but the umpire only
allowed him two. Big Whitey smashed
one over the roof for a home run, and
Ban made up for his error hitting to the
same place for another. The little fel-
low who plays third for the Band, is
some fielder. He is not only a good
fielder, but he knows what to do with
the ball when he gets it. Josh, excelled
at short, and made some very clever stops.

Lew also gathered in two difficult flies
out in left field. Space will not allow
us to go any further, but we will close
by saying, both teams played good ball.

[ibrany et e EOS S OROR O
Band ¥ e ey 008052802 08000—2,

Never attempt to bear more than one
kind of trouble at once. Some people
bear three kinds—all they have had, all
they have now, and all they expect to
have.— Edward Fverett Hale.
