---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_037.jpg
---
e

e

CUBS LOSE TO NINTH

VOL. 2 NO, 9,

Cubs Made the Ninth Play To Win,
and Put Up a Very Strong Game

The Cubs journeyed over to the Ninth
Block on Monday, with the determina-
tion to do or die—they died; but they
did not pass away quietly. Up to the
fifth or sixth inning they were too live-
ly for the Ninth. When the Cubs ar-
rived on the field, the Ninth thought a
mistake had been made, as quite a few
of the Cubs’ players were on the Stock-
ing Shed last week. Tommy, who piteh-
ed for the Cubs, has tried to beat the

Ninth three times this season, and each

time with a different team. Changes were
rife. The Cubs were changed, and after
playing four or five innings, one of the
Cubs hit a ballin a cell on the first block,
and the Ninth found that the rules had
been changed, allowing the batter a home
run. The umpire, Rabbi, had changed
his shirt, and during the game he chang-
ed his mind and called a Ninth  Block
player out on a foul, thinking it was a
strike. As we mentionedabove, Tommy
was on the mound, and pitched very
good ball. In the first inning the Ninth
put a couple of runs over on some freak
fielding by the Cubs. The Cubs got one
when Butt hit one of Longie’s shoots
over the roof for a home run. Iongie
was in the box for the N inth, and was
invineible, holding the Cubs by the back
of the neck, and giving them no chance
to use their teeth. He also contributed
two hits, one of which was a home run.
The Cubs got their second run, when
Tommy hit on the first block roof, and
the ball bounded into an open sky-light
for a home run. In the last inning,
Slick made a clever steal home. When

- DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

WEDNESDAY MAY 14, 1913

Plasterers Run Away With Band, as
Poet is a Poor J udge of Players

To slow music the Bear-cats waltzed
che Bandits around the garage ball room,
A very good game was played and the
fifers showed improvement. Smiling
Tony pitched for the winners, and did
well.

Without apparent effort he puzzled op-
posing batters. Both teams hit the ball
hard in spots. Seven runs were the
fruitage of good batting by Bear Cats.
In the first, Dave hit, and went out steal-
ing third. Stump passed, Felix hit, and
Jim sent him across the plate witha
hard rap to the Balkan States for a homer.
In the third, Tony, Felix, Jim, Tim, and
Fatty each hit. It looked as though they
intended to bat the clock around. Jim
and Tim hit again in fifth. In the sixth,
Dave doubled. Bandits score2 runs.
In fourth inning, Dave, catcher, doubled,
and Big Six whaled out a home run that
made the hands on the clock tower
finally move. Harry hit. During the
game = Bioesix o Jaclk and Harry
doubled. Fatty’s great sliding has the
street cleaning department beat a mile.

Freddie threw the ball to Stewart, Slick
started home. The players hollered
to Stewart, but he turned to the left, and
Slick went by him on his right and slid
into the plate. The hitting was rather
weak on both sides, Longie’s home run
with Slick and Rube’s two baggers, and
Wade's single was about all the Ninth
could get. The Cubs got but two hits,
both homers, but one was of the freak
variety. Bobby and Jack for the Ninth
fielded well, as did Tommy and Charlie,
the first baseman of the Cubz. Final
score was 71—2. —Timmy

Difficult Circumstances

The above teams bumped into one an-
other today, and as has occurred many
times before, the superiority of batteries
told the tale. It is remarkable that
such a dearth of pitchers continues,
but we are fain to regard this exhibition
as not the true state of affairs; in other
words, we believe that there are twirlers
of the horse hide in this institution, and
if they were sought out a different com-
plexion would de put upon some of the
issues.

It was pitiful to see the frichtful maul-
ing that was administered to the Stock-
ing Shed, and poor Ducky and Stewart
were absolutely non-plused. Pitcher
after pitcher was introduced, and batted
clean out of the box, but the climax
of their troublescame in the third and
fourth innings, when a phenominal
bunch of hits and runs was made, amid
mighty humping.

At this stage of the game a dispute
arose, and for a few minutes foreboded
trouble. It appears that Andy was on
third base, and the base umpire proclaim-
ed him out, but the battery umpire im-
mediately protested against his decision,
and claimed the man safe, and was sus-"
tained.

Now in order that all friction in the
future may be avoided, it should be
made known, and established by the
commission, without the least possible
delay, which of these two umpires is
invested with supreme command when
these ruptures arise, or if both should
act independently of each other.

Our representative, out of respect for
the vanquished, quit before the game
terminated, because he feared that by
staying he would be compelled to ‘‘pile
on the agony.” —Henry
