---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_038.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 14, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

B33 1S NEditor

Wednesday May 14, 1913

There are some hope for the fool, but
none for the fellow that knows it all.

Many a man has been returned to pris-
on because his wish bone is bigger than
his back bone.

If some of the fellows here would use
the same energy and enthusiasm in try-
ing to live straight as they use in going

wrong, the population would be some-
what diminished.

You will often hear a fellow say ‘‘ I
know I have a bad temper, but it is over
with in a minute.”” Yes, and it is taking
some of us fifteen and twenty years to
get over that minute’s work.

In commemoration of Mother’s Day,
the King’s Daughters distributed flow-
ers to the sick prisoners occupying the
Hospital Block. Sweet pea, snow-ball,
and other varieties were gladly received.
Flowers, the most beautiful creation of
the Unseen Hand, awakens
of home.

memories

Why do some players persist in always
kicking over every technical decision of
the umpire? Is it because they have a
reputation as kickers to sustain? Or
do they think the spectators are amused
at it? As to the latter, decidedly NO !
For the past few years, the Ninth were
considered habitual ‘‘kickers,’”” but this
year the Plasterers are endeavoring to
annex that title, and from the games
played with the Library, they are suec-
ceeding to some extent. The Library,
too, were not deaf and dumb, and used
up valuable time digcussing ground rules
that should have been arranged before
the game. We will admit there are times,
when a man can not help from
kicking a little; but why keep it up and
delay the game ? The players are not
the only ones interested in the games.
The men who get but one hour a week
out of their cells should he considered.

Why use up twenty or thirty minutes
of their hour in useless argument? They
don’t come out to hear what you think
of the umpire, and from side remarks,
our correspondent heard from the spec-
tators, the umpire was a gentleman along
side of some of the players. Why don’t
the president and managers look around
for new umpires ? We see the same old
faces umpiring games that were umpir-
ing last year, and the year previous.
And the players were kicking as hard
then as they are now.

There are some efficient men um-
piring, and some who are not, and those
who are not should be replaced. Why
not try a player from each team, and let
them alternate back of the batat the end
of each inning ? But no matter if the
umpireis giving you a square deal or
not, it is up to you to give the men from
the cells a square deal, by playing ball
every minute of the hour which isallow-
ed them. These games are arranged for
them as well as for you. Those who
are able to play, are out three times a
week, and those who but witness the
game are out but once.

The majority of us are here to
expiate a just debt due society, and the
officials are trying to make that payment
as easy as possible, by allowing us to get
away for an hour from our sordid condi-
tion; and you players and umpires are
also contributing in your own way to
lighten the burdens of your fellow-pris-
oners. So keep on playing, and if the
decisions are unjust, you can let the
managers correct them after the game.

Hits mean runs.

Be a good loser.

Play ball and don't pose.

A ginger snap—Dave B.

Ginger is swell motive power.

“‘Honor to whom honoris due.”’

Team work is the key to success.

Umpires, always wateh the ball.

Don’t throw the ball till you get 1it.

Circus stunts declined Arlie
Latham.

Many good ball players hidden away,
scout for them.

Tony could well waste poundage—if
the doctor would stand for it. ‘

Owing to angle-ground formation, in-
fielders make excusable errors.

A losing game is often recovered in
the ninth—stick.

with

Everybody gets home in time for sup-
per—what !
Has anyone a slow ball ? Change of pace
has great virtue.

Notice to managers : Tie the left leg
of some of your batters to the plate.

The Editor’s Nightmare

“Pimmie” lay down on the Press room floor,
Having written so much he could write no more
And fell asleep with a troubled brain,
To dream that he rode on the “UMPIRE’S” train.
The engine with ink was red and damp,
And dismally lit with a ‘“9th Block’ lamp
“Big Head,” for fuel, was shoveling ‘“‘quads’
As the engine roared at such fearful odds
“Dragon’s Blood’ filled the boiler near
And “Manager Bert” was the engineer;
The passengers made such a motley crew,

«Pjcas and “capitals,”” ‘“resin’ and “‘glue.”
“Eight-point”’ and “ten-point,’ “wood-cuts” in bags,
Engravings of “Fatty’” and “Jimmy’ and ——Rng

«vellow’ and ‘‘Blackie,”” “Reddy” and ‘White,’
T,ocked all together, a horrible sight.
Faster and faster the engine flew;
Wilder and wilder the country grew;
I,ouder and louder the ‘‘Gordon” crashed
Brighter and brighter the sparks were flashed;
Hotter and hotter the air became,
¢Ti11 the clothes were burned from ‘“Boston’s” frame.
Out of the distance a cry of distress—
<Blink” with his oil-can had broken the Press
But oh, how “Yeap’’ with might and main,
Begged of “Bert’ to stop the train.
But he cappered about and danced in glee,
And laughed and joked at their agony.
‘My faithful friends you have done my work,
So the damage at hand you cannot shirk.
You have roasted the “manager”’ many the time
hen were your chances—now I have mine
“Spook’s” workedin ‘‘zinc” even my face;
““Milton” in satire has given me space.
“Ducky the devil” has in the type lied,
‘" Wooden-head’’ mocked at me in his false pride.
You've paid fullfare, so I carry you through,
For it’s only just that you get your due.
For every laborer is worth his hire,
So I land you safe in my realm ofire.
“Big John” and “Old Joe” will torture yoxl best,
And answer your pleas with their stolid word *Yes.”
Then ‘“I'immy’’ awoke with an awful ery;
His clothes soaked wet and his hair standing high.
And he prayed devoutly, in accents loud
To be saved from “kert’” and The Press Room Crowd
And his crying and praying were not in vain

For he never more rode on the ‘“‘UMPIRE’S train.
Tk Je (04

? ?

D

You great big slob, you can’t play ball,
You yell and roatr from spring to fall;

No matter where or when or how

You simply bellow like a cow;

You stand on first just like a bag

And think you’re playing a game of tag..
A can to you they ought to tie

Then you’d have cause to yell and cry.
Whenever vou make a nice good play,
You tell the boys, day after day

I am the man that made that play.

You bet they'll never send me away.
You're full of wind and full of cakes
And all your noise are big - mistakes.

We never see you play a game

Unless you yell and bust the same.

But time will tell with all your noise,
That ball ain't played with such a voice;
Your yelling then will have an end

And yow’ll be canued, there's where you'l1l

land, —Spider

