---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_039.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 14, 1913

3

, ;
, STOCKING SHED vs CUBS BAND vs NINTH STUART PITCHES NO HIT

May 8

The Stocking Shed turned the tables
on the Cubs today, in a well played
game. Although the Cubs lost, there
18 nothing about which to reproach them,
and like all other teams, they have their
off daysand this undoubtedly was one of
them, and it told the tale. Herb pitched
for the Cubs, and it was very apparent
that his arm was sore, because he was
in nothing like his usual form; but he
will come again, never fear. We observe
that Freddie, the catcher, isalways on
the job, and an ardent ball player from
start to finish.

The Stocking Shed was ably repre-
sented on the hill by its manager Stewart,
who did all that could be expected of him.

Also it is with pleasure that we record
the smart playing of our interesting and
untiring friend Duckey, who was much
in evidence to-day playing shortstop,
and to whom we desire to pay a glowing
tribute. Ie was severely on the alert,
and besides many exceptionally good
plays, he put the whole side out, in one
inning. No ball was to swift for him,
and his eagle eye was never more keen
than to-day. It is impossible in this,
orin any one issue of the UMPIRE to
compliment all the players who deserve
recognition equally as much as Duckey,
but we assure themn that nothing escapes
the notice of our ‘‘man on the spot,”’
and that they will come into their own
in due course. The result was 7—1
favor of the Stocking Shed.

in
—fFienry

CUBS 10 STOCKING SHED 0

An alleged game of ball was played be-
tween above teams to the tune of
‘‘Please go ‘way and let me sleep.”’
Cubs battered the old Shed down in this
manner: Woody doubled twice. Charlie
singled and doubled. Herb got two hits.
Freddy got two singles and a double;
Butler, Miller and Manager, each got a
hit.. Some neat catches were made.
Third baseman of Shed, fielded fast.
An uninteresting game that spelled leth-
argy and listless. With few exceptions,
everybody seemed, oh, so tired! Lack of
ginger featured the game, and spectators
‘heaved a sigh of relief when game stop-
ped.

Umpire behind plate spoke in whispers,
30 sleepers would not be disturbed. Ye
olde scribe missed a good game between
Bear-cats and Students.

Wake up, boys, wake up!!

Rocky.

The Poet puta young, unknown pitch-
er in the box on Wednesday, and he had
two strikes over on the first batter up
for the Ninth, and then the batter hit
safe, and the Poet took the pitcher out.
That’s a record. One batter knocking a
pitcher out of the box. The ‘‘Ancient
Mariner,”” or better known as Ship-
wreck, was then substituted, and after
cruising around in uncharted waters for
two innings, settled down and pitched
fairly good ball. The Poet, at short, did
very good, getting a number of balls off
the back wall. Josh was the only one
who could do anything with Bill’s pitch-
ing; the rest of the team not hitting a
ball beyond third base. Chick, the
umpire in the field, fell asleep five min-
utes after four, and the second baseman
of the Ninth, awakened him five minutes
to five. The only feature connected
with the game, was the pitching of Bill;
he making ten of the Band men fan the
breeze.

A DESCRIPTION OF WEDNES-
DAY’S GAME,— LIBRARY

AND PLASTERERS

—Timmie

Iuto the box, old Curly goes,
He winds right up and then he throws,
A strike, and two and once again,
He fanned fifteen of the Library men.

A hit is made, into a yard,
A home run’s marked on the score card
But there’s a kick from Manager Jim,
As what the rules have always been.

Not to be left, old Dave chimes in,
He kicks with vigor, might and vim,

The ¢ Ump” is called into the fray,
But he don’t know just what to say,

While all this outburst goes ahead,
The Plasterers back-stop is not dead,

The brand-new ball now in demand,
Has vanished—just some slight of hand.

Another growl, from all concerned,
The abuse he gets, the catcher earned,

But with a smile, these words are heard,
“‘Now can’t you take a gentleman’'s word.”’

The game goes on, one inning more
And now it’s Dave, who has the floor,

The crowd they laugh and shout with glee
His funny antics, strange to see.

The whistle blows, the game is through
But they don’t quit the ‘‘rag to chew,”

I'm sure that those who saw the game,
Don’t know who was the most to blame.

—Jingles

GAME
May 8. " e
The Stocking Shedlets woke up today,
and ripped, tore, and banged the Cubs’
lineup for eight ‘‘yards.’”” Three Cub
pitchers essayed to stem the onslaught,
but it was useless. In the first two inn-
ings Miller, Cub pitcher, passed five. In
same innings, Jack and Big Slim, and
Ames each hit; Floyd hit, also, and
Ducky got a double. In fifth, Ames
doubled. Stuart had two hits. Stuart
pitched good ball, and was well support-
ed by back-stop and his field. Again
Jack played brilliantly at third; a catch
running backwards, equaled anything
ever seen inside the walls. KEight runs,
nine passes. Stuart passed four Cubs.
My books show that the Cubs did not
get a hit off of Stuart, (I may be mis-
taken.) One run for Cubs. A Texas
leaguer, that described a beautiful par-
abolic curve, dropped into Herb’s hands
and—dropped out again. Umpiring
faultless. During this game, the War-
den found occasion to stop a senseless,
heated argument between two players.
Don’t kill a good thing for nothing.
When this old earth grow whiskers,
there will be more fish in the sea.
— Rocky.

GOOD UMPIRE RESIGNS

Neal, who ranks with Denver Eddie
as an umpire, handed in his resignation
today without stating reasons. The
writer tried to fathom the reason, but
Neal stands pat. We mneed all juicy
base ball scandals in our business. All
players when questioned remained taci-
turn. Scandal should not be hushed up,
as exposure is good for the game.
‘When a player or umpire resigns with-
out apparant reason, you can wager that
there is a reason. When friesd or foe
deserves a ‘‘blast,’’ believe me, he will
get it. It takes more than a ball score
to make baseball news. Suspension for
high, low, cunning or rowdy play would
be beneficial all around. Beware the
dog.

PLASTERERS vs LIBRARY

Wednesday’s game was marred by too
much kicking, and the least said about
it the better. In the future, the UmpPIRE
will not give space to any of these
games.

PLASTERERS vs LIBRARY

The Plasterers and I ibrary played on

Thursday.
