---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_040.jpg
---
A FEW SUCGESTIONS

To the managers of the Ninth, Libra-
ry and Plasterers :— '

Would it not make the following
games more interesting to the spectators,
and you also, if, first, you allow only
_ three subs to each team; second, you allow
the others to sign elsewhere, thereby
making the other teams more your equal
in the contest ¢ In doing this, you are
not only strengthening the other teams,
but bringing your own to a higher state of
efficiency, and this for the sake of sport.
Some of you may have ten or more subs,
which looks bad. Knowing as we do, the
restricted conditions under which we la-
bor in procuring recruits, it takes no
weather prophet to see there is little in
store for the small teams, unless you
lighten up, in regard to subs. There
are only three teams in the running at
present for the pennant, namely : the
Ninth, Library and Plasterers, with the
advantage slightly with the Ninth.

"Tis true that the Turtle won in the
race with the Rabbit, but that was an
exception to the rule. WE are not Tur-
tles. Some of that serum might be al-
right.— Ye Olde Junk Man.

A wagon loaded with suit-cases and a
barrel of oil, stopped at the store house
and everybody ‘'guessed’’ that the pa-
role law passed. Some remarked that
suit-cases were to be distributed to those
who would be drafted for work in Cen-

ter County. The driver unloaded the—
barrel of oil. Rocky.

How the Game Seemed to Big Head.
Or, how Big Head Seemed to the Game.

= He was lost.
| venttire into that sand-scorching desert. ||

|| ing, because it was Wednesday.
| invoke the law ?

| Des Moines Tke.
i
| Ike searched the subway for a clue.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 14, 1913

__#
M

RAFFLES ELUDES PURSUERS

LEVEN Hundred and Sixty-five
prisoners madly rushed to the cor-

ner of Market and Chestnut Btreets, to
find Raffles. Raffles saw them coming,
and quickly ran to the corner of Chest-
nut and Market Streets, and got away.
Chee-Chaw was wild. A ham was hang-
ing on a hook in front of a butcher shop.
The prize hunters were struck dumb
at Raffles sudden disappearance. He
was now on Ridge Avenue. After a
council of war, it was decided to take the
ham by assault. Des Moines Ike, the
celebrated detective, was sitting in a
quick lunch room, with his back to them,
but he knew what was going on. He
would frustrate their attempt to get that
ham. Ike quickly pulled a dictagraph
from his pocket and said: ‘“Watchu guys
chewin’ de rag about?’ The frenzied
crowd fell back. Raffles, on Broad St.,
laughed. Chee-Chaw, pointing to the
Delaware, said to Ike: ‘‘There goes a
man who threatened to break into the
woods !”7  Des Moines Ike, without los-
ing his watech, ran at full speed toward

‘the river.

The hunters then tore the ham ruth-
lessly from the hook, and took up the
trail again. Raftles joined in the chase.
They went through alleys, pockets and
deserted streets. After following the
trail an hour, they arrived at Market
and Chestnut Streets. In the meantime,
Des Moines Ike was exploring Camden.
Only a lionheart would

The butcher knew the ham was miss-
Did he

No. Only one man

| could solve the mystery, and that was
On hands and knees|§

$5,000.00 REWARD

| To anyone who can discover the clue||
| that Des Moines Ike found.
| It is not right to leave eleven hundred ||
and sixty-five amateur hunters out all ||
| night, so tell us where they went when ||
—Rocky. ||

the whistle blew.

(| Do good with what thou hast, or it
will do thee no good.— William Penn. ’

Question.— Who stole the ball ?
Answer.—Snowball.

OFFICIAL STANDING OF THE
E, S, P, LEAGUE

W. 105 Pect.
Ninth Block _____ 15 1 937
Plasterers& ' = = 14 2 875
Libraryessst s 9 ot 562
Cubsepies o i T8 7 9 437
Stocking Shed____ 3 13 187
Band i 15 062

GAMES TO BE PLAYED
Games for Wednesday and Friday
Library vs Stocking Shed
Plasterers vs Band
Cubs vs Ninth Block

Hard hitting, sharp fielding, a brilliant
catch, or glaring error, will put your
name in the ‘‘who’s who—and which”’
column. A knock today may be a boost
tomorrow. 1t all depends on individuals«
playing. Team work deserves notice.
Batteries are always closely watched.
The world loves a winner, and a loser is
soon forgotten. Papers made much of
the fact that Roosevelt and Jeffries could
not ‘‘come back.”’

Grand standism is tabooed.
game; its up to you.

Play the

JixerLes : “Let me tell you, sir, that
poem cost me a month’s hardlabor.’’

Epitor: (who has read it)—*‘Is that
all? If I’d had the passing of the sen-
tence you'd have got 24 to 10.”’

Ducky’s Brother Unraveling a Knotty
Problem.

