---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_041.jpg
---
§

NINTH vs

i the Marden and-Hiz' Co:
Workers Take Prominent Parts

An interesting exhibition game, yes,
very interesting, was played by Ninth
and Jingle’s picked team. I'm in a
quandary as to how I can straighten out
this funny muddle. Oh! I have it!
Home runs: Veap; triples: Wade and
Butler. Two-base hits: Jack, ILefty,
Timmie, Slick, Brownie (2), Longie,
Jimmie, Wearden. Singles ILefty (2)
Slick, Yeap (2), Jack, Warden, Flohr,
Jimmie, Jingles. Count ’em.

Timmie pitched for Ninth. and used a
pretty out-curve with telling effect. He
was well supported.

Butler pitched three innings and re-
tired. ‘Then the Warden strode to the

‘mound, to try and turn seeming defeat

into victory. As he wound up to hurl
his famous slow-ball, rumors flew thick

and fast, that he sold the game, long be-

fore it was scheduled. A full report
will be published on its receipt. Weare
sure that the greatest scandal in base
ball will be uncovered. Des Moines Ike
will render his services. Flohr, by his
poor support, will be indicted as an ac-
cessory after the fact. No wonder Gall-
inger clamors for a probe into the base
ball trust. Congress will take the

~ matter up now.

Only a stenographer could have jotted
down the game in detail.

The High-brows would have won, if
they could have added 10 more runs to
the three they earned. Final score 12--
3, favor Ninth. —Rocky.

Don’t wear hat and shoes in bed.

Don’t tip your cap for slight applause.

LIBRARY BEAT NINTH

struck out.

The Library Outplayed the Ninth,

Owing to Their Errors

A finely played game was marred, by
the stalling resorted to by the Library
players. They had the Ninth beaten
from the first inning, and it only takes
the credit that rightfully belongs to the
Library away from them. The unfair-
ness of the spectators was manifested at
this game, by urging the Library team
to continue stalling; even the umpire
was luke-warm in trying to stop it, in
fact he did not stop it. However, the
Ninth have no one to blame but them-
selves. They had three different chances
to tie the score, but each batter tried
to make a home run, and, of course,
The Library made but two
hits off of Bill; a home run by Ban, and
Mike’s single, Their two other runs were
due to errors after two hands were out.
Four hits were made off Yellow—three
two baggers and a single. He had them
breaking their necks after a high ball,
trying to put it over the roof. Cap.
made two two baggers, and reached third
each time with none out, and had to
stand there looking at the next three
batters trying to make a home run.
Slick also made a two bagger, and scor-
ed on Cap’s. two bagger. The Ninth
may be a very good team, but they will
never win many games unless they put
aside their individual batting records,
and play more together. — Timmy

VANDALS AT WORK AGAIN

Some unknown person, or persons un-
known, have been committing depreda-
tions in this neighborhood with frequent
regularity, to the annoyance of our best
citizens.

Last Sunday, some heartless hoodlum
had the brazen gall to break a cherished
medicine glass—same size as Mike puts
on the bar. 1t may seem a small matter
to the unconcerned, but, it took seven-
teen years to collect the half dozen that
were guaranteed to be new.  —Rocky

INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

" PRICELESS

PLASTERERS vs BAND

Band Would Have Beat Plasterers,
If Weather Hadn’t Been Stormy

That which had every appearance of
being a very fine game, was commenced
today between the above teams, and
brought to a premature finishby an
angry thunder storm, which at the same
time, for many reasons was most welcome.

Both teams were in real earnest, and
bent on gaining the victory, but the
Plasterers won by the slender margin of
one run.

The Bandsmen were playing with much
vigor, and but for the elements, most
probably would have been returned the
winners.

Alec, Felix, and Frank, each scored a
run, and we especially noticed the very
smart playing of the latter, both in the
field and at the bat.

Hitherto all of our prognostications
have materialized, and in this case,
before the season is finished, this young
trojan, in company with some others, will
be found in the van.

Harry was on the bench today ; for
what reason we are not informed, but
nevertheless we do not commend Dave,
for changing his line up at such a criti-
cal moment. Six and the Poet scored
for the Band, and the whole team seems
now to be playing like one man.

As the rain came down, the game was
being most fiercely contested, butit had
speedily to be abandoned. Result 3—2
in favor of the Plasterers.

A white shirt dces not establish a
precedent in the bath room.

No man ever played perfect ball all
the time.
