---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_042.jpg
---
. husky.

NS}

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation ‘alld
goodfellowship. :

e e e e S R P P BB i S B 2
Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

B33k ditor

Wednesday May 21, 1913

As the base ball season is now well ad-
vanced, and everything seems to be going
smoothly, we think it is time to step out,
and let those who are actively engaged
in playing the game, manage the affairs
of the League a3 they deem best. We
have found, like a great many before
have done, that you can not serve two
masters; one, if not both of them are
bound to suffer. So from now on, the
UMPIRE can not be charged with be-
ing affiliated with any one team, and we
will try to do justice to all. We will
not be responsible for any of the rules or
actions of the players while playing, or
in any way connected with the manage-
ment of the League, only so far as the
encouraging of good, and the condemning
of the bad, and that only from our point
of view. We will try to be fair to all
and partial to none, and the spot-light
of publicity will be thrown on every one,
from the president down to the sub-play-
er, We believe it advisable at this time
to have you bear in mind, that the War-
den and the officers are all readers of
the UMPIRE, and tho’ Tom, Bill and Dick
may only be mentioned, there are very
few, if any, that the Warden iS not
aware who the party is we mention.
Those who are looking forward to being
released at some future date, should
bear in mind that their conduct on the
ball field, will be considered the same as
in the shop or cell; and in conclusion,
to quote Rocky, ‘‘Beware of the dog”’

When Chee Chaw is released on parole
next week, at his request the band will
play, I Don’t Care If You Never Come
Back.”’

Next week’s series between the Ninth
and Plasterers, will decide the first half
of the season.

A certain party said, ‘“Give the under

dog a chance.”” Well, I’ve been bark-
ing incessantly.

Slick would create a sensation in Cuba.

CUBS vs NINTH

One of the most deliberate and inten-
tional efforts to injure a player, was dis-
played by Tommy, the Cubs’ pitcher, in
Friday’s game. With a man on third,
the batter bunted and started for first.
The short-stop fielded the ball clean, and
threw it home, forcing the runner at the
plate. Tommy had nothing to do with
the ball at all; he was not anywhere near
the play, but when the runner was run-
ning to first, he deliberately steps in
front of him, braced himself and threw
the runner on his back. This sounds
pretty strong, but nevertheless true; he
knows it’s true; and he knows that we
know it’s true.

This is the second time this gentleman
has done this same trick in the last three
weeks. The man who plays ball in that
frame of mind, should not be allowed to
witness the games, let alone play them.
So let him take heed; for he is likely to
receive a taste of his own medicine.
The game itself was never in doubt, the
Ninth hit Tommy at will. He was hit
harder than the score indicates, but ex-
cellent fielding by his team-mates kept
the score down. Jor, at third, was es-
pecially brilliant, making some wonder-
ful stops at that bag. Longie ‘held the
Cubs hitless, but three men getting on
base, and they received free transporta-
tion, and only one of these reached third.
The Cubs did not hit a ball as far as
second base. Of course, the weather
aided both pitchers considerably, as the
dark clouds made it hard to see the ball.
Yeap led with the stick, getting a home
run and a single. Cap came through
with a home run also. Score 6—0 favor
Ninth.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 21, 1913

A WARDEN BRAVE

On Thursday noon a game was played,
The Warden mixed in rather late;
But when he started in to play
The boys their breath, he took away,
He went into the pitchers box
Tooked all around, then fixed his sox.
Then at his son, he gave a wink
“I’11 strike you out, or I'm a gink,”
But Bill he wacked that ball so hard
Poor papa sighed, and said you’re smart,
Then how the boys did rip and roar,
“Put on more speed, or we’ll get sore,”’
But papa pitched them nice and slow
And yet son John, he had no show,
He'd strike them out one, two and three-
He had their nerve, we all could see.
The Dentist then came to the bat,
But Oh, poor boy, he was too fat;

The Warden simply pulled his teeth
And both his gums for him did freeze,
But just to think he had the nerve

To stand out there and try to curve,
When pitcher’s old, they get a scare,
Enough sometimes to raise their hair.
Yes Warden, you have got the nerve
But a base-ball you can’t curve.
But come again you're full of fun
And show us boys, how it is dozne,
We'd rather have you play base-ball
Then jump around and yell and squeal;
So come again and play a game

And leave the umpire get the blame. s
—Spider.

"TWAS EVER THUS

The pitcher knew the game from ‘A’’ toizzard
He could wind the ball about the batters gizzard.
He could hustle, he could stall;

But— he couldn’t hit the ball.

The catcher was quite handy with his mitt,
And on his haunches loved to sit;

As a runner he could hardly crawl,
And— he couldn’t hit the ball.

The short-stop, full of vim and sways,
Could the fastest grounders trap.

On the field he had the call,
But—he couldn’t hit the ball,

So, every member of that team,
On the field had loads of steam,

But they never won at all
Because—they couldn’t hit the ball.

The manager Was non compis mentis,
From looking for a good apprentice;
The season closed; and in the fall,

He found one who---could hit the ball
: -—Rocky.

Managers should be courteeus enough
to tell scribes the names of their batter-
ies:

Will anyone volunteer to retrieve the
balls that are knocked over the street

wall? Noone? Cowards!

