---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_043.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY

MAY 21, 1913

SOME INSIDE BASE BALL
BY AN OUT-SIDER

After many fruitlesg—a)ttempts to in-
~ terview Mr. Connolly, the clever catch-
er of the Amanuensis team, our corres-
pondent’s efforts were at last crowned
with success. As we entered the office,
we noticed this great catcher standing
at adesk, which was loaded with books
of all description. He had a day book in
his left hand, and pen behind each ear.
With his right hand, (the one which is
such a terror to base stealers), he had an
enormous ledger, in which he was add-
ing up large columns of figures, and at
the same time explaining to a compan-
ion, why “Chief’”’” Myers of the New
York Giants never will be a successful
catcher. In a lucid and exhaustive
manner, he told how Myers would not
be able to meet the requirements; and
this, coming from the peer of them all,
was, to say the least, interesting. Upon
looking around, and seeing a stranger,
he became absorbed in his work. When
we told him of our errand, he said, ‘I
do not desire to talk for publication.”’
But when we told him in what regard
the readers of the UmpIrE held him, he
reluctantly consented to answer a few
questions. The first question put to
him, and the one that hundreds of fans
here are discussing, was this: “In the
third inning of Tuesday's game, with
three and two on Slick,” what did you
ask for, that allowed ‘‘Slick”’ to hit for
three bases?”’ He replied: ‘‘Thesuc-
cess that I have achieved as a catcher,
has been the result of a systematic study
of the batter. I noticed when ‘‘Slick”
came to the bat in the first inning, that
he was a free hitter. Now Mr. Flohr,
by following my instructions, has been
- very successful against these kind of hit-
ters in this way. His out-drop, the
batter as a rule, hits for home run, and
his in-drop generally goes for three
bases, of course, I choosed the latter.
Mr. Connolly thinks that Slay, their
250 pound right fielder, is one of the
best in the business. He said, ‘‘If Slay

would lie down out in right field, he

would cover more ground than any other

man now playing that position.’’
—Timmy.

If players arve not charitable toward
umpires for their unimportant mistakes,
trenchant pens will dip deep into vitriol
bottles.

EXHIBITION GAME

An exhibition game that caused spec-
tators to bubble over with enthusiasm,
was played between the Ninth and High-
brows—a picked up team that made the
Ninth extend themselves to the limit.
The Ninth had to play just as hard to-
day as they do a scheduled game.

The score of 5-0 in favor of Ninth,
merely demonstrated that u picked up
team embued with vigor, and despite their

lack of practice—could play ball at that.

Jack and Rube formed battery for the
Ninth, and did good work. Only two
hits were made oft Jack--some pitching.
Stoney singled and Jim., doubled.. Con-
nolly and Butler are vicious hitters.
Great fielding by Cap. and Lefiy,
stopped their heavy hitting that surely
meant home runs. Base ball breaks cut
ice in every gane.

Flohr piteched and Connolly caught him
in a manner that was unsurpassable.
Only five hits were made off Flohr. But-
ler played his position in gilt-edged style.
Johnnie guarded the keystone sack in
good shape. A little training would
make this Literary society a dangerous
factor. Connolly and Butler could re-
juvenate a team like the Bandits. Tim-
mie walked and advanced on Rube’s
slashing hit. Slick hit short and Con-
nolly started a lightning double-play.
In second, Longy lived up to his repu-
tation by clouting for the circuit. Jack
and Cap. doubled, and Slick hit. Lefty
made a brilliant catch close to yard wall.
Fielding of Cap, and Connolly’s great
catching featured the game.

Mr. Smith, umpire-in-chief, showed
good judgment on balls and strikes.
His raucous ‘*Tim Hurst’’ could be heard
a mile. The base umpire enjoyed the
game. Jingles has the happy faculty of
amusing spectators, whether it be base
ball or poetry.

Unfortunately, Jingles was hit on the
mouth by a ball that was indiscriminate-
ly thrown by some one practising for
fun. ‘This dangerous practice should be
stopped. Play catch somewhere else
and don’t interfere with players in the
game. Connolly and Butler would
strengthen any team in the league.
Flohr also. —Rocky.

If time hangs heavy on your hands, it
is not necessary to put your number
down for the doctor.

WHY PEOPLE SHOULD OWN
AND READ BOOKS

I regard books in my library in much
the same way that a sea captain regards
the charts in his chartroom. It is man-
ifestly impossible for a sea captain to
carry in his head the memory of all the
reefs, rocks, shoals, harbors, points,
lighthouses, beacons and buoys of all the
coasts of all the world; and no sea captain
endeavors to store in his head such
a mass of knowledge. What he doesis
to know his way about the chartroom,
and when he picks up a new coast, he
takes out the proper chart and has im-
mediate access to all information about
that coast  Soit should be with books.
Just as the captain must have a well-
equipped chartroom, so the student and
thinker must have a well-equipped lib-
rary, and must know his way about that
library. I, for one, never can have too
many books; nor can my books cover
too many subjects. I may never read
them all, but they are always there, and
I never know what strange coast I am
going to pick up at any time in sailing
the world of knowledge. —J. London

LIBRARY vs STOCKING SHED

The weakness of the Stocking Shed was
painfully apparent in their fielding on
Wednesday with the Library. Itseemed
as tho they could not hold a ball, and
when they did recover the ball, they
did not know what to do with it. We
were surprised at Fingers. A long fly
came out in his territory, and he mis-
judged it. ‘That was excusable; but
there is no excuse for a player who takes
his time in returning the ball to infield.
Blink should try and get the ball away
from him a little quicker. Ifyou do
not know where to throw the ball, do
not hold it, but throw it to some other
player who looks as if he knew what to
do with it. The Shed had new a south-
paw in the box and he held his own, but
Eddie Plank could not have won the
way the Shed fielded. Kggie pitched
for the Library, and in spots was hit
hard: in fact there was heavy hitting on
both sides.  Yellow led with the stick,
getting a home run and a double. Ban
putone over the Fifth Block roof for
a home run also. Big Whitey hit, what
for any other man would have been a
home run, he just managed to reach
third. ~ Ames for the Shed loafed on his
hit, and was held on second. Final
score 12—7 favor of the Library.
