---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_044.jpg
---
~

4 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 21, 1913

L B A 8 S T S e P S P B

OFFICIAL STANDING OF THE
E, S, P, LEAGUE

W. L Pet.
Plasterers 2n ¢4 17 070 2B gs
Ninth Block 16 3 842
Dibragy st n o b 12 7 631
Cubsiare iy KT S 421
Stocking Shed __ 4 15 211
Band et G oG L 1alg 053

GAMES TO BE PLAYED
Games for Wednesday and Friday
Cubs vs Band
Ninth Bloek vs Library
Plasterers vs Stocking Shed

PLASTERERS vs STOCKING SHED

May 19

The Bear-Cats Bryanized the Shed 16--
1. Money kings and old time republi-
cans quaked.

Two southpaws toed the scratch, and
only one finished. Curly pitched mas-
terly ball after the first inning. He
was wild only in that inning, and the
Shed . took advantage and scored their
only tally.

Curley had everything that bore re-
semblance to elusiveness. ‘I'hat, and
terrific hitting by his consistent team-
mates, rolled up a big score. The students
proved quite friendly by beating the
Ninth, and putting Plasterersin lead for
pennant. Stump uncorked a home-run
and a hit. Curley doubled twice. With
two on bases, Felix cleared with a triple.
Harry duplicated the performance later
on. Felix also doubled. Harry, Tony,
Fatty, Alex and Jim singled.

Floyd, the other southpaw, was bat-
ted out of the box in the foursh; his
straight ball was very easy to solve.

Ducky stepped in and, even being
wild, stopped the Bear-Cat's clouting.
The game was interspersed with ragged
fielding and the opposite.

When a fielder makes an error on an
easy chance, the batter is not entitled
to a hit. KEddie, umpire, knows his
business. Rocky.

“‘Live and let live,”’

Players with the dirtiest shirts make
the longest hits.

Finger prints will be taken of those
who make too many errors.

It is bad form to ask for a tenth helping
of soup.

CUBS vs NINTH

Spectators saw a pitchers battle that
had whiskers on. It was Tommy, Cubs,
and Yeap, Ninth. Cubs got five hits off
the latter.

Tommy dished up four hits. This
game fairly oozed ginger. It was the
kind of a game that grandpa tells the
little ones who gather round him. The
heavy hitting champions were as putty
in the hands of Tommy.

With great support of his teammates,
Tommy had the distinction, and was in-
strumental in pulling the Ninth from the
front seat. He was the quintessence of
coolness when runners were on the bases.
Betts was the only Cub to hit until the
fourth inning, when Freddie straightened
out one of Yeap’s left handed out-curves
for a home-run. In sixth, Tommy hit
one a mile over domiciles, but Lefty’s
sensational catch made it worthless.
Freddy followed with another screamer
that Lefty, by good fielding, only stood
for a double. Butler and Jor’s hits
brought the score up to 4. That proved
to be enough.

In seventh, Longie atepped into the
breach, and mowed down the remaining
nine. He cut loose some Walter John-
sonese stuff that was almost invisible,
but it was too late. :

The Ninth fielded just ag snappy as
the Cubs. I should have said the Cubs
fielded as well as Ninth did. Jack play-
ed first in style. One run for Ninth,
when Slick put the ‘K. O.”” on one of
Tommy’s fast ones. ITongie hit safe in
same inning. No more hitting until the
seventh, when Cap tore off a triple and
scored on Jack’s sizzling hit. Rube bat-
ted for Wade without avail. Batting
work of both teams first class. Every-
body played good ball.

Tommy and Freddie have a natural
free hitting style, that other batters
should emulate.

Denver Eddie’s umpiring was of major
league quality. His assistant fell asleep
at the switch several times.

Keep up the good work, Cubs, and
the two top teams will not always make
a running race to the gonpalon. Keep
it up and force their weight to bring
them back to you. —Rocky.

Two of the best league players, will
be released in the near future. Ain’t it
a shame!

PLASTERERS vs BAND

Mankind is fickle, and after witness-
ing today’s game between the above teams

none other than those persons who from

personal experience can bear testimony
to the fact, that certain players in the
league, at times when they feel disposed,
play mean tricks and shabby ball, would
believe it possible. Not one ripple of dis-
content appeared upon the ocean of good
humor, and all went glimmering as merry
as wedding bells.

Both teams put up a good game, but
the Plasterers were not content by win-
ning the game by a decent margin, for
from all appearances they were out for
stern  athletics and on annihilation
intent.

The Band opened the ball with two
runs in the second inning, but they were
unable to pile up any more runs, where-
as the Plasterers’ score ran into the teens,
and unmercifully did they jab the sphere.

Like several other teams, the Band is
sadly in want of pitchers, although to do
him justice, Herman tried his best, and
put up a good battle.

‘We noticed Dave’s recent acquisition,
(6445), who bids fair to become a player
of some note, make a first rate catch of
an outfield fly, and a hit and run in
professional style. Curly pitched in his
usual form, and incidentally we observed
old time friend Ollie, whiff the air thrice
in as many innings, and cause much
amusement. We are inclined to think
that he judged himself to be somewhat
harshly treated, but as a matter of fact
the ball cleft the plate every time, and
when we state, that our famous and im-
partial umpire ‘“The Rabbi’’ was offi-
ciating behind the bat, then everybody
has a right to infer, and it should go
without saying, that it represented a
square deal allround. Several boundary
licks were made, and altogether a very
pleasant hour was enjoyed. —Henry.

CUBS vs BAND

The Cubs captured another game from
the Band, Monday afternoon at the Store
House grounds by a score of 5—2,

Tommy and Betts, and Herman and
Larry, formed the opposing batteries, but
both moundsmen weakened and fell
down in the third inning, allowing nu-
merous passes. Several of these were
costly, and materially detracted from the
interest in the game from the fan’s point
of view. :

The game was featureless, with the ex-
ception of Herb’s work both in the field
and at the bat, while Joe, for the Cubs,
distinguished himself by a clean double-
play in the fourth.

Both teams need a change of diet—

preferably ginger. —Miteh.

i I S N
b e S L e

R R ESPReaen
T O A e 90

oy

e

S

pe

~—
it
