---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_045.jpg
---
| L. 2 » 11,
CUBS BEAT LIBRARY

In a Very fine Galn_(a_:That Was Not
Marred by Arguments

Monday May 26.
here seems to be no reason to doubt
Tthat certain teams are begining to
lose heart and have abandoned all

hopes of getting into the front rank
of our Base Ball League, inasmuch as,
when an interesting game is in progress
on some other grounds, their line up is
quickly decimated. The Library ranks
were hopelessly depletely to-day, which
left them entirely at ‘the mercy of the
Cubs, who used their strongest line up
and literally wiped the earth up with,
and annihilated them, which brought
about an ignominious shut out. Pomp
was quite off color, and discouraged,
and little wonder at it, because he knew
that his support was absent; lounging
about and basking in the sunshine at
the Ninth and Plasterer’s game.

The Cubs took advantage of the situ-
ation and waged the battle fast and fur-
ious.

Herb and Freddy scored in 1st inning;
latter Woody got to third as did Freddy
and both faded; Bett’s scored on third
baseman’s error; Charley scored on But-
lers two bagger, who was caught steal-
ing third; Woody made a boundary luck;
Betts hit two bagger and scored on error
and in the last inning Herb and Freddy
by tremendous dashes, clinched the issue
by adding two more runs to the score.
~ Tommy pitched and incidentally we
observed him hit four men.

The Library, had plenty of hitsand as
a matter of fact got many bases, and on
two occasions when three men were on
base and one out, the anxiously looked
for hit did not materalize.

In the fourth Jimmy passed and was
caught stealing by Freddie’s lightening
catch, and throw to third. Beef Trust
‘converted himself on occasion into a
most lucious sandwich between third and
Home. It is hoped on Wednesday, to
see the Library atone for todays most
distressing and severe defeat. — Henry.

'DEVOTED TO THE

INTERESTS OF R

WEDNESDAY MAY 28, 1913

"TAIL ENDERS TIE

Band and the?(_)_—mc—king Shed Play
Lively Ball

The Band tuned up to high C Mon-
day afternoon in its contest with Stock-
Shed, and it was oaly for the lack of a
‘“‘pinch’’ batter in their last of the sixth,
that prevented victory from perching on
their big bass viol. As it was they suc-
ceeded in making it a tie game.

The Stocking Shed used two south-
paw artists on the slab, in the persons of
Spitz and Floyd whose erratic curves
were handled by Harry, while Owens
and Larry were in the Band box, and
with the exception of the second inning
did creditable work.

In the first, Harry for the Shed, was
given his base, stole second and third,
coming home on Billies hit. Josh was
the only man to reach® third, where he
died, for the Band. Then the Shed woke
up and Owens blew up. Fingers, Bob,
Spitz and Harry, banging out 3 two bag-
gers, and 1 triple, netting 3 runs, before
they tired. Spitz then grew wild, giv-
ing Johnson and the Poet a little walk,
which only terminated at the plate when
Owens whacked a hit for two bags, but
who was caught stealing third.

In the fifth, the boys from the Shed
landed three hits, but failed to score.
Then Owens of the Band walked and
Josh running for him, stole second and
third, coming in on Johnson’s single.
The latter stole second and in attempt-
ing to make third on Julius’ single, both
were out on a double play.

Fingers belted out a two bagger in the
sixth, stole third and raced home on
Floyd’s hit. Score now stood 5—3 in
favor of the Shed and then the Band
played. With two down, the Poet got
in a single, stole the next two bases, and
brought up at the plate by Slim’s hit,
who also scored by Owens’ single. Josh
who was running for thelatter had stolen
around to third and only needed a little
hit to come home with the bacon. But

the next man up was not equal to the
occasion and poor Josh was left gasping
at third with the score 5—5.

Mitch.

ECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHLIP

RICLSS
PLASTER. 3 NINTH 0

The Ninth Play For All They Were
Worth, But It Was of No Avail

Monday May 26

hen Greek meets Greek some-

thing will alwaysdrop with a

dull thud. The two leading

teams, the Bear-Cats and the
Hustling Ninth, clashed in the first game
of a series of three to decide the mid-
season championship. And an intensely
interesting game it was. The two south
paw stars of the league met face to face
at last. Their fine work kept the en-
thusiastic fan on tenter-hooks. Both
pitchers used the same assortment of
curves but in a different way. Bill, for
the Ninth, handed out stuff that dwind-
led to a pea when crossing the plate.

Sharp-breaking in and out curves my-
stified all the heavy biffing Bear-cats ex-
cept in one inning—the fourth. Rapid
bunching of hitsin that inning proved
to be his undoing despite the fact that
he struck out twelve men. ‘That shows
a mixture of quality, and quality above
par. In the first he struck out the first
three men. In second, Jim was the only
one to get a hit—but it had no value as
it stood alone.

Iz the fourth, Rome began to totter
when Stump started a batting rally that
proved sufficient to win the game.

Toney’s clean hit scored Stump. Fe-
lix singled and scored Toney. Jim hit
again and Felix started for third but
Rube caught him between stations. Two
runs.

In this inning Rube injected humor
into the game by walking to Slick and
whispering a deadly secret. Jack had
mighty thoughts on his mind and told
his troubles to Rube. Then Dave told
the story of his life to Bill.

Strike outs—Bill, 12, Curley 5, Ion-
gie 1, Hits—off Bill 4, off Curley 2, off
Longie 1. Double plays—Dave to Ton-
ey to Harry. Passed—by Bill 1, Lon-
gie 1. Rabbi used excellent judgement.
Other umpire made no mistakes.

—Rocky.

