---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_046.jpg
---
THE

HE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary

every Wednesday.
A e . S S S
B 233 Editor

|l i i R I SNSRI S A
Wednesday May 28, 1913

There is no desire to inflict unnec:
essary pain upon anyone through the pub-
lication of adverse criticism in these col-
umns. At the same time, it must be
borne in mind that the UmMpIrRE does not
represent anyone man or set of men,
but in performing its functions aims to
be fair and acceptable to its entire num-
ber of readers.

Therefore, it feels entirely jﬁstiﬁed in
calling attention to, and bestowing cen-
sure upon anyone who threatens to
curtail the amusements and privileges
of our own little community and for the
same reason will always be glad to give
full eredit and even glory to those who
have rightly deserved it.

It is in this connection that attention
is called to the conduct of “‘Jimmy ”’
manager of the Library, during its con-
test with the Ninth on Friday afternoon.

It is assumed that ¢ Jimmy '’ was
honest in his belief that his own con-
struction of the rule regarding ‘‘blocked
balls’”’ was correct, and that he was
within his rights when he protested, but
when he withdrew his men from the
field when the decision went against him
he committed an act that was a direct
affront to the players and more than a
hundred men from the *‘Blocks’” who
were interested spectators. It was an
act, the consummation of which meant,
the curtailment of a great privilege one
of similar, which if persisted in must
inevitably lead to the abolishment of the
League. It requiresno greatdiscernment
to anticipate the action of the Warden.
if this sort of ‘‘baby play’’ is continued,
and certainly would be a grave mistake
to allow the faults of a few to detract from
the privileges of so many,

One of the governing attributes of a
manly man is his consideration of the
comfort and pleasures of others. Let it
be hoped that ‘‘“Jimmy’’ knows this and
in the future will act accordingly.

Bill, Shea short-stop, bid goodbye to
his batting slump by smashing Curly
for a home run. Keep it up!

UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 28, 1913

i Ni

Library us Niuth

The outlook sure was dismal for the Library
team that day,

With the score at one to nothing and five

minutes left to play;

So when ‘‘Longie” died at second, and ‘‘Cap”
did the same,

The Library ‘I'eam was jubilant at chance to
win the game.

The other Blocks were Jeaving, for they thought
the Library won,
The Library by their playing had them stop-
ped without a run,
Then a youth, by name McKenty, came to bat
and toed the plate,
His wary eye was gleaming and his batting
poise was great.

But ‘“‘Eddy’’ who was umpire, recalled an error
grave,
In giving “‘Bill”’ precedence over ‘‘Lefty”
and o’er ‘“Wade,”
So in the Ninth Block corner a death-like sil-
ence saft,
There seemed but little chances of <Bill”
getting to the bat. :

But “Wade”’ let drive a ‘‘single,’’ to the wond-
erment of all,
And the much despised ¢ Lefty”” ‘‘tore the
cover off the ball,’
And when the dust had lifted, and they saw
what had occurred,
There was ‘‘Lefty” safe at second, and
“Wade’’ a hugging third.

Then from the Ninth Block multitudes went up
a joyous yell,
It rambled in the Store House; it sounded
long and well;
It struck upon the Fifth Block and rebounded
on the flat,
For “‘William J. McKenty”’ was advancing
to the bat

There was ease in ‘‘William’s” manner as he
stepped into his place, :
There was pride in “William’s”’ bearing and
a smile on ‘“William’s’’ face
And when responding to the cheers he lightly
doffed his hat, :
There was no doubting who it was, for “Bill’’
was at the bat.

Two hundred eyes were on him as he rubbed
his hands with dirt,
One hundred kands applauded when he wip-
ed them on his shirt;
And when the ILibrary’s pitcher ground the
ball into his hip,
Defiance gleamed in ¢ William’s’’ eyes, a sneer
curled ‘‘William's’’ lip.

And now the white tape-covered sphere came
hurling thro’ the air,
And ‘“William stood a-watching it in mighty
grandeur there;
Close by the little Latsman the ball unheeded
sped—
‘““That ain’t my style,”” said ‘‘William.”
“Strike one !”” then ‘‘Eddy’’ said.

From the crowded lines of ‘‘inmates” there
went up a mighty brawl,
Like the beating of a storm wave on the
“Fair-mount Avenue wall;”’
““Chase him? chase the umpire I”’
someone from the ‘“‘Band,”
And it’s likely he’d had ‘‘Klondike had mnot
““William’’ raised his hand.

shouted

With a smile of Christian charity ‘‘McKenty’s”
visage shown,
He stilled the rising tumult, he bade the
game go on;
He singled to the pitcher, and once more the
spheroid flew,
But “William” still ignored it, and then
“Eddy”’ said, ‘‘Strike two!’’

«Praud!”’ yelled the maddened Ninth Block,
and the echo answered ‘‘Fraud!’
But one scornful look from ‘‘William” and
the audience was awed;
They saw his face erow cold and steru, they
saw his muscles strain, /
And they knew that he would’nt let that
ball go by again.

The sneer is gone from “Willjam’s’’ lips, his
teeth are clenched in hate
He pounds with cruel vengeance his bat up-
on the plate;
And now the pitcher holds the ball, and now
he lets it go,
And now the air is shattered by the force of
“William’s’’ blow.

Oh, somewhere here in ‘“‘Cherry Hill” the sun
is shining bright,
The “Band” is playing somewhere, and some-
where hearts are light;
And somewhere men are laughing, and some-
where others shout,
But gloom is on the Ninth Block—‘‘McKen-
ty’’ has struck out.
—J. P. C.

BABY

DEDICATED TO LITTLE MARY

Baby in the cradle, with staring eyes of blue,
With sweetest tiny hands, and toes of pinkish hue,
Whose every little movement is brand new,
I,usty cries pronounce ker sound right through.
Tell us, little dearie, if it’s all the same to you,
Shall we name you Bessie, or just plain Sue?
We don’t like to displease, or do anything we'd rue,
So tell us if you're satisfied, please do.
In years to come, your grace and beauty will imbue
A lover's heart with tender love, a love that will be true.
And dreams may come that often, often fondly grew,
From a little, lisping baby crying, ‘‘Gooh !
—Rocky.

«The Greatest of These is Charity”

While a party of visitors were being
guided through the prison by the War-
den, a young lady was unable, as she.
admiringly gazed at the neat little truck
garden that gives a touch of nature to
the T. B. yard’s desolation, to repress
the flood of sympathy that overwhelmed
her. Being assured by the Warden that
any appropriate gift is appreciated by
prisoners, the young lady said no more,
and the Warden thought no more of it.

A few days later, a dozen handsome
steamer chairs—morris style—arrived,
and sick hearts were made glad. Sun-
shine and fresh air, the germ killers,
Nature’s Materia Medica, will have great-
opportunity to build up that which dis-
ease has ravaged. ‘The unknown donor

is heartily thanked. — Rocky.

It is very true that the Star Spangled
Banner is the insignia of the ‘‘land of
the brave and the home of the free’’ but,
this paper is in a position to state au-
thoritatively, that the Warden had mno
intention of perpetrating a joke, when
he ordered that ‘‘beautiful rag’’ flung to
the breezes, over the centre turret.

