---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_047.jpg
---
STOCKING SHED TIE PLASTERERS
May 23. T s T

Coals to the right of them, coals to the
left of them, coals in front of them; coals
those eternal coals. This was the cause
“of theabove game being delayed for fully
15 minutes, and it was actually 4:20 be-
fore the game got fairly under way. We
confess we thought then, that it would
be better to postpone the game.

On account of these continual inter-
ruptions by coal-wagons, not the slight-
est interest seemed to be displayed by
either team, and incidentally we noticed
our Harry who, to while away a little
time, was entertaining a few of his friends
with a little comic opera. Ollie and
Alec were indulging in a friendly bout
of wrestling, and from general appear-
ances, the whole concourse was bent on
diversion rather than strict base-ball.
Little did we guess, at this stage, that,
very speedily, the game was to assume
an entirely different aspect, and that we
were in for one of the best games of the
season.

For the Plasterers’” Stump made the
running, by jabbing the horsehide for a
home run and Alec quickly scored on an
error. In 3rd inning Stump hit a ball
but shot his bolt in trying to make it a
triple, and Felix got to 3rd and faded.
In the 5th Dave was in sore distress
and quickly sent out his famous ““C Q D"’
signal in the very nick of time. It was
promptly answered and with their com-
bined effort, in the very last stride man-
aged to catch up and make a tie of it.
The credit must go to Alex and Dave
who both scored. Ollie got to 3rd and
although he made a tremendous bid for
victory by a splendid dash for home; he
was nabbed at the plate. Curley offici-
ated on the hill in his old time incom-
parable style, and still remains the won-
der of the age.

~With regards to the Stocking Shed we

_start right out by handing it to Duckey.
He pitched gilt edge ball, and at the
finish was literally great. His eye was
keener, and lis nerve steadier than ever
before, and but for the merest chance
his team would have won to-days game.

Don’t despair Ducky! you are there
with the goods, and you have a good
team behind you. Nothing transpired

for their good until the 4th inning when
Bob tripled and scored; Jack got to 3rd
but was caught napping. In the 5th

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY MAY 28, 1913

they bunched 3 runs which placed them

in an enviable position. That consistent
little player Spetz, getting home, and
Duckey ditto; while Bill walloped a ball
for a home run. At this stage, it ap-
peared a cast iron certainty for Duckey’s
team, but they were destined to be dis-
appointed. However, the game ended
as we have said, in a tie 4—4, and when
they meet again, no one will censure us
for saying, go in Duckey and win.

Before concluding we wish to point
out that it displays very bad taste to as-
sail the score-keeper as certain of our
friends did today. Remember, these
men devote their whole time to making
analysis and keeping scores, and should
be respected. This time we will let the
matter pass without mentioning the of-
fenders names, for we are convinced this
warning is sufficiently salutary.

Lippy umpired in a very able manner,
and we exhort him to keep himself under
control at all times under any trying
circumstances that may arise. —Henry.

- 1 < i
Wrangling must stop !!

MEMORIAL DAY EXERCISES

Professor Wiegandt has arranged a
very interesting program for the Deco-
ation Day exercises, which will be heard
on the Center, at 2:30, and undoubtedly
afford much pleasure to both the inmates
and the guests.

" PROGRAMME

ENTRY MARCH ROSENKRANS
Chief of Staff
My Counirv Tis of Thee
1. MARCH ROSENKRANS

Our Glorious Flag

2. MEDLEY OVERTURE LOSEY
Grand National

3. WALTZ ' STRAUSS
Wiener Blut

4. SELECTION VERDI

“Aida’

5. OVERTURE NEWTON

“Twilight”

6. MEDLEY OVERTURE H. VON TILZER

“Swanee River”

7. OVERTURE
“Raymond”

THOMAS

STROHM
“In Old Kentucky”

“Star Spangled Banner”

EXIT MARCH ROSENKRANS
The Ensign

NOTICE

If anyone of the 9th Block players
has a glove that belongs to the Cubs,
will the player kindly return it to the
manager of the Cubs. 10th Block.

8. RAG

CUBS CLEAN-UP FOR BAND
May 21

Despite the apparent one sided score
there was an interesting game of ball on
the store House grounds on Monday af-
ternoon when the Lions whelps met and
defeated the Wind-jammers in a seven
inning contest by the score of 9-2.

While the Band was hopelessly out-
classed, there was nothing in their de-
portment to denote it as they played to
win at every stage of the game. Many of
their costly errors being due to lack of
proper team work and of course a weak-
ness in the box.

Owens pitches pretty good ball for
about three innings, which appears to be
his limit, and with anything like fair
support, would make a much better
showing.

In Monday’s game he was taken out
in the fifth inning at his own request,
and Smith was put in to be slaughtered.
The Cubs batted him so hard, that he
lost his head entirely and it was a toss-
up if he could rightly distinguish the
plate from second-base. Tommy for the
Cubs played good ball and held the Mu-
sicians down to less then seven hits,
Rob being the only man to make a two-
bagger off of this delivery. The game
was devoid of excitment and ‘‘Kickers,”’
Indeed it was very much of an affair
like ‘‘after you, my dear Alphonse,”’
which probably accounts for its running
seven innings.

John Henry officiated behind the
catcher in the latest 1913 mode to the
gratification of both the players and the
crowd, which is certainly strong com-
mendation. If Ban Jonson or Thomas
Lynch ever hear of his work they will
be after him with a net.

CUBS vs BAND

Friday May 23

The Cubs handed the Bandits a dose
of usual foregone ‘‘conclusion’ 5-0.

Sweeney pitched for the losers and
beld opposing batters hitless for a short
time; then the slug brigade opened a
wide gap. Larry caught well. Herb
and Freddy worked like a machine.
Herb pitched championship ball. We
are hoping that the bandits will win an-
other game so we can dole out the meed
of praise that will mark an epoch in
ballistic slang writing. —Rocky.

Playing ball in here is a privilege and
not a profession. Get wise.
