---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_048.jpg
---
OFFICIAL STANDING OF THE

E, S. P, LEAGUE
W. L. Pet.
Plasterers _______.. 20 2 909
Ninth Block______ 18 4 818
Fibrasys St i e 128 10 545
Chilbsst, =% " Tt el 500
Stoeking Shed =~ 4 17 19
Band el - 1 20 041

GAMES TO  BE PLAYED
Games for Wednesday and Friday
Cubs vs Library
Ninth Block vs Plasterers
Band vs Stocking Shed

REAPING REWARDS
FOR RESOLUTIONS

Do you Remember That Old Story
about Robert Bruce and the Spider?
Robert was Hiding in a Cave. His
Enemies Had Him ‘“ In The Hole,”’
Temporarily, So to Speak, As It Were.
‘While Reflecting on the Rocky Road to
Royalty, Robert the Bruce Espied a
Spider Spinning His Web Over the En-
trance to the Cavern. Nine Times Did
the Spider Swing Across the Opening in
a Vain Attempt to Effect a landing, but
the Tenth Time he Touched the Home
Plate, and Robert, Admiring the Persist-
ence of the Insect, Cried Out Loud —
‘“Bravo,”” Two or Three Times, One
Right After the Other. Shortly After
That Bruce Got Busy and Captured a
Kingdom.

All of This Preamble is Intended to
Point a Moral,which is—*‘If At First
You Don’t Succed, Slap On More Steam,
and Sand the Track.”’

In This Connection I want to Inquire
about Your New Year’s Resolutions,
and to Ask If You Have Kept the Faith,
and If Not—Why Not? I Believe the
Pathway to Prosperity is Paved with
Good Resolutions. Therefore, let Us
Resolve, and Keep Resolving until Vie-
tory is Perched on our Banners. Re-
member, You Have Fought Many a Vie-
torious Waterloo that the World Knows
Nothing About. The Man who GCets
Up every Time He Falls Down Will
Some Day Cease to bea ‘“Fall Guy’’
Good Resolutions Will Be Rewarded

with Rich Realizations, and It Shall
Follow as the Night the Day.

The best policy for a newspaper is
back-bone.

4 | THE UMPIRE, WEDNE

SDAY MAY 28, 1913

NTH OUTPLAYS LIBRARY

May 23

The game between the Ninth and the
Library on Friday afternoon went for
five innings and resulted in a victory for
the former by the score 7—2.

TLongie and Slick formed the battery
for the Ninth while the Library boys,
for a contrast, presented a color scheme
in Yellow and White(y). :

Eddie, all the way from Denver, es-
sayed the difficult task of refereeing the
bout.

Rube, Ban and Lefty distinguish-
ed themselves at the bat, the two former
by home runs, and the latter by a three
bagger.

There was only one little kick coming.
It was relative to the statusofa blocked
ball, which was subsequently allowed,
but, the debate was of such length that
it consumed the time necessary for full
six innings. The event iIs summarized,
without the ‘‘kick.”’ s

For the Library, Jimmy and Mike,
both caught at first; Reedy fouled out.
Ninth led with a single by Lefty who
was driven home by Rube’s two bagger,
converted into a home run by a wild
throw. Next three men up failed to
land.

In the second, Whitey of the Library
fanned, Ban earned his sobriquet by
belting out a well earned home run and
Eggy passed, stole second where he died,
as the next two men failed at the bat.
In their half, the Ninth, Brownie, fan-
ned, Yeap took first and Wade fouled
out; Lefty smashed out a triple, bring-
ing in Yeap and scoring on Slick’s sin.
gle; Cap. struck out.

Jimmy walked, stole second and came
home on a passed ball. The other three
men struck out.

Yellow got in his work in the Ninth’s
half when the first three men to face
him, retired.

Longie retaliated in the next inning
when the Librarians emulated the ex-
ample of their rivals.

The first two men of the Ninth never
reached first, but [ efty waited and was
given his base; then Rube hit out a soul
crushing smash for a home run, chasing
Lefty in before him. TLongie struck out
leaving Slick to die at third.

In the fifth inning only three men of
each team faced the pitchers, and they
went out in regular order —Mitech

THE PLOT THICKENS.

Des Moines Ike, suddenly emerging
from the other end of the subway, saw
Raffles enter the town of Richmond.
Ike needed assigtance.
policeman, and would have been arrested
only he showed his star. The cunning
Ike and the policeman carried Raffles’
foot-print to the ¢Six Little Tailors’’
for measurement. Then Ike jumped
into the deep shadows of Moyamensing.
He was afterinspiration. The tintinna-
bulation of the patrol wagons reminded
him of the fact that the farmers were
having a picnic in Pitman, New Jersey.
With a spring, Ike boarded a Darby car,
and, in ten minutes’ arrived in Pitman.
He whispered to the speaker of the day,
and then hid behind the bass drum.
The speaker addressed the farmers.
Fellow citizens, we have in our midst
to-day, a man with a world-wide repu-
tation as a detective; a man who never
accepted a bribe. I refer to Des Moines
Ike, the great investigator. Everyone
in the crowd stopped eating straw, ex-
cept Omar Stubbles.

Lynx-eyed Ike saw Omar and recog-
nized him as a notorious free-holder, as
the one who kidnapped Irene, the Bur-
gomaster’s daughter. He decided to
follow Omar to his lair.

‘When Omar tested all the rain-bowish
lemonades in town, he started for home
Omar’s old mare was on strike, and that’s
why Omar started to walk seven miles
inland to his home. Ike crept after
him. His knees were still sore from
creeping through the subway.

Why didn’t Omar take a train? Adri-
anople was taken; Constantinople should
be, but no man ever took a train, besides,
the trains run through Pitman just to
make a short cut to other towns. Ike
never lost sight of Omar. When they
arrived near a dark patch of woods, Ike
made a peculiar noise. Omar turned
quickly and, putting hand to hip pocket,

pulled out a pork chop. Soon as
Ike saw that valuable heir-loom he re-

called the great ‘‘Stock Yards Robbery.’” -

Ike thought swiftly. He recognized
that Armour plated piece of Radium.
At all costs he must recover it. Ike of-
fered Omar ten million dollars for it,
Omar reflected a bit and said, ‘“I have
seventeen children to hum and refuse
the offer, I am only waiting till meat ad-
vances a point, then I’ll sell and put
seven million dollars in trust for each of
my children.”’

(Continued in next week’s edition,)

He woke up a.

O S P v ool isd

