---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_049.jpg
---
| DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION A ND GOODFELOWSHIP

VOL, 2 NO, 12,

WEDNESDAY JUNE 4, 1913

SHED SHUT OUT

One Sided Game Boosts the Ninth’s
Percentage.

ig Jack was game enough to make

his debut as a pitcher before one of

the two hardest hitting teams in the
league, and suffered a set-back owing to
lack of practice. Brownie opened fes-
tivities by singling but was caught steal-
ing second. Rube walked and Lefty
did the same. Then Cap, with a mighty
wallop, cleaned up with a home run.
Jack walked and scored on a wild throw
after stealing third. In second inning,
Brownie and Rube were passed again,
and Lefty, a most vicious hitter, sent
the sphere sailing skyward, so sudden
and far, that it must be going yet.
- It was another clean up clout for
the circuit. Then Ducky, who would
be a winning pitcher behind a hitting
team, relieved Jack, who went
to second and played the position well.
In the third, Brownie walked and scored
on Rube’s slashing double. In fourth,
Augie walked and scored on Jack's
thrilling triple. Longie’s sacrifice bunt
‘scored Jack.

The Shed could do nothing with [ongy.
Spitts was the only one to hit safely,
but he died in his tracks. Ducky pitch-
ed fine ball, but without hits, no team

- ‘can win.

Bill and Rube relieved Longy and
Augie in the fifth.

Home runs, Cap and Lefty; triples,
Jack; doubles, Rube. Struck out by
Longy, 13; Ducky, 4. Score, Ninth
10, Shed 0. Umpires Lippy and Happy.

— Rocky.

Scheduled games will not be played

while the new moon keeps cases.

PRICELESS

PLASTERERS 3 CUBS 2

Brilliant Game Well Contested
By Both Teams

The above teams met Tuesday and
played the game of their lives. Nobody
knows better than Dave and his men,
how near they were to defeat. When
we say, that we observed the Plasterers
exhibiting the white feather in the last
inning by crossing the plate in order to
hasten the end, it will be seen that they
were in despair.

From start to finish, the decision was
in the balance. It wasa splendid game,
and volumes could be written about the
superb work of all the boys. Hardly an
error occurred during the whole conflict,
which waged fast and furious, all the
time, and kept everybody in suspense
till the finish. The Cubs played like
true blues, and set a lasting example in
not stalling, for one second, by it they
sacrificed the game. Thus their defeat
was converted into a moral victory.

The fight was literally a pitchers battle;

| Tommy pitching the finest game we ever

remember. About his adversary well,
Nuf Sed ! or he will tire of our saluta-
tions.

All sorts of good plays were made, but
we must concentrate, At 4.45 the score
was 1—1 at 4.55, 2—1 with odds of a
million to one against the whelps.

For the Plasterers; Felix (2) and
Barber’’ scored. Harry, Dave, and Alec
also put in some fine work; each being
caught at third by Tommy’s strategem.
Frankie’s sacrifice in the last inning
decided the game Jordan and Butler
executed a fine double play, and Woody
did likewise.

For the Cubs; Herb gave a splendid
performance; scoring in professional
style, after making a phenomenal dash
and sliding yards. He failed by a hair’s
breadth in securing another run. Freddy
their clever catcher hit a brilliant three
bagger, and scored on Jordans hit
Result 3-2 in favor of Plasterers.—Henry.

BEAT THE BAND

Librarians Easily Walk Away

From the Musicians

ellow of the Library was in fine
form for the game with the Band
on Tuesday and had the Ilatter
guessing until the last half of the sixth
inning when he eased up, knowing that
he had them helplessly beaten. Dave

went into the box for the Band and was
batted all over the grounds. After the
Librarians had hit him up for seven
runs in two innings, he gave way for
Herman who held them down in good
shape; the only run made off of him be-
ing due to an inexcuseable base error.

For some reason, there was a consider-
able change in the line-up of the Band.
Neither Walter or Larry the usual bat-
tery, being played, while ‘‘Baltimore’’
was given a try-out behind the bat. He
caught the balls all right, but was decid-
edly weak in throwing and batting.
With Walter and Herman each pitching
three innings, there might have been a
different story.

Joe of the Library demonstrated his
ability at the bat, by slugging out two
home runs, while one of the three runs
of the Musicians, was a homer by Roge.

Eight men faced Dave in the third
and with one exception, everyone of
them took a swat at the ball, four com-
ing in over the plate. Then it was Dave
retired, for in two innings he had pitch-
ed enough balls to last a full game.

The game was chock-a-block with er-
rors, most of them due to the fact that
the sun was directly in the eyes of the
fielders, and fairly blinded them. There
was plenty of ‘‘go’’ in the bout, how-
ever, and the good nature of the Music-
ian’s, in the face of so many defeats is a
splendid feature of the games in which
they take part.

Kddie umpired without evoking any-
thing more than several doubtful looks,
and they did’nt burt him.—Score 8-3.

— Mutch.
