---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_050.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 4, 1913

MW
_-—_—_—_—___—__——-———————_———___—___—__

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

S
~ Printed at the Hastern State Penitentiary
every Wednesday.

B 2331 : Editor

e e e e e e,

Wednesday June 4, 1913

There was a small news item in these
columns last week, noting the kindly act
of an unknown young lady in present-
ing a number of steamer chairs to the
inmates of the tuberculosis ward of this
institution, and expressing the grati-
tude of the men so favored. .

This is only one instance of many thou-
sands of acts of kindness, which are
constantly being performed throughout
the world by whole-hearted, symphathi-
zing men and women. The expression
‘“‘acts of kindness’’ is used in contradis-
tinction to the word charity, the mere
mention of which, jars so unpleasantly
upon the ears of many sensitive persons,
and really does not convey the real feel-
ing or purposes of those who are but
seeking a natural outlet for
abundant good nature.

The presentation of the chairs was an
act of kindness, inspired wholly by a
deep sympathy for the afflicted men,
and a desire to add to their comfort.
The knowledge that she has done so, is
the only reward expected by this young
lady. 8o it is, with many, many others.

Men who have achieved distinction
through the amassing of great wealth,
are continually being assailed for their
lack of humanity, yet, but few peo-
- ple know of the extent, nor of the num-
ber of their kindly acts, for they give
according to the Biblical injunction.

Carnegie and Rockefeller have each
given away nearly $150.000.000, in their
efforts to benefit humanity according to
their ideas, yet their actions do not meet
with favor because the multitude can-
not see that as individuals, they are not
at once benefitted by so many dollars

in pocket. The act of kindness is there
nevertheless.

their

American institutes of learning have
been endowed with fabulous sums by
thousands of people. The thought up-
permost in the minds of the donors be-
ing, to plant a seed, a rare new seed in
some branch of knowledge, that would
fructify and multiply for the perpetual

good of all. Maybe not for you and I,
but for our progeny through generations
to come.

Acts of kindness are not rare. The
world is full of them, and it is a pleas-
ure to note that many are seen and heard
of within these walls, participated in,
alike by both officials and inmates.

Don’t be afraid to help the other fel-
low up.

The UMPIRE is in need of interesting |

material for its columns. Every man in
the place has at least one good story
concealed about his person. Let us
have that story. Put it in good plain
English, just as you would talk, and it
will be readable and interesting. Don’t
try to put it in verss. We are over-
whelmed with poetry. It would seem
that all of the poets in the state are in
this place, and many people agree that
it is the one good place for all good poets.

Epigrams, of the right sort, arein
large demand.

Humor, original and within the proper
“family lines’’ is also in demand.

Essays on the results obtained, by the
use of nitro-glycerine in conjunction with
iron or steel are not of special value, nor
are subjects dealing with the newest
methods of avoiding a ‘‘cop’’ of interest-
at present.

Let your story be human. Be concise,
but, don’t neglect descriptive details.
If there are any rough edges in the gram-
mar or composition, we will have the
carpenter plane them down. Send them
in.

Billy Sunday says: ‘‘That some peoplé
are so stingy, that if you ask them to
sing ‘Old Hundred’, they will sing
‘Ninety and Nine’ to save one cent.”’

A London man says his wife is so
thin he has to tie her in a knot before he
can kiss her —Good Night !

When the parole men were being dis-
charged recently, Doc, Jack and Paddy,
of the Boiler House, were whistling a
song called; ‘“You’ll Come Back.”” Can’t
imagine who they were alluding to.

Mark Twain said:— ‘“Be good and you
will be lonesome.” He evidently never
investigated the causes leading to the
Klondyke’’ and and the loneliness there-
in.

MSS. AccepTED: ‘‘Amid Grim Walls”’
by H.F.M.; ‘‘Procrastination’’ by Pliny;
““An Interview’’ and ‘‘Escaped’’ by
Rocky.

“ WITH THE POETS II

THE VISITOR, ASSISTED BY
"MR. «B”

Most any day, from two till four, )
They come in streams through the front door
To some of us good cheer, they bring,
Some come to gaze, some come to sing.

And when they reach the Center floor,
" In groups of two, and sometimes more,
And ask if they, the sights may see,

The ‘‘Cap” he rings for Mr. “‘B.”

Now ‘“‘Mr B,”" he looks the part,
He knows his little ‘‘spiel’’ by heart,
And gives it, in tones clear and loud,
As through the place, he shows the crowd

“Now on the left, you folks will see,
The fourth Block, and the gal-ler-y,

The men all work, and earn their pay,
They save it for some future day.”

“We have an orchestra, and band,
Believe me Miss, the music’s grand,
And every week the boys get cake,
That in this cook-house, prisoner s bake.”

“Now these are Blocks, number 8 and 9.
And over here the men do fine,

They work on stockings, made by hand,
The best you’ve seen in all the land.”

“Now folks, there’s nothing more to see,
The men you note. are getting tea,

I trust you've all enjoyed my talk
The gates’ right down that cement walk.”

Then slowly back goes ‘‘Mr B”
The first Block, then he serves their tea,
His daily task he’s nobly done,
But he will tell you, it’s only fun.
—/Jingles.

KINDNESS IN OUR HIDDEN CITY

Is kindness within these Gray Stone Walls,
Where we boy’s land after a serious fall ?
Of course there is; and I know it’s true
That kindness will pull the worst one through,
Take Pals, that lock in a room alone,
Some of them scrap but soon atone,
Just a cheerful word, a nice kind smile—
Then they’re pals again for quite awhile.
Kindness is great in a place like this,
And it’s something boys you’ll never miss,
A nice kind word to a pal that’s blue
How it shortens the day and helps him thro’.
And don’t forget the lifetime men
Show them a kindness whene’er you can.
Live in the present, and forget the past

Improve the future, let this be “‘your last.”
—Spider.

GOT A LEMON

He was a poor and rageed tramp.

His hat was bad, his shoes were damp;
And, as he sped adown the street,

He looked about for aught to eat.

And, as he gazed into the air,
He saw a lady, passing fair,
“‘Passing for fair,”’ she was, all right—
He had to run to ask for a bite.
She turned and thrilled him with her eyes,
And extendeda palm that many would prize
And he saw, as he gave a painful lurch,
That the palm she had, was just brought
from church. -— Timmy, et al.

