---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_051.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 4, 1913
M—_
_M“

THE PLOT THICKENS

(Continued from last week’s edition,)

Ike quickly disguised himself as
‘“‘Hungry Joe,”’ the con man. Hedrew
three shells and a tripod from his vest
- pocket. Omar became interested. Ike
then pulled out a South Carolina Pardon
Blank that was ornate in gold lettering.
It was embellished with the signature
of the man who wanted to send the Con-
stitution on a certain journey. Ike said
to Omar:

‘“This is the little Japanese puzzle; if
you find the elusive pea, you win this
ninety million dollar new subway bond.
If you lose, then I win your Kohinoor
that you hold in your hand.”” Omar
eagerly picked up one shell and—Iost.
In a fit of remorse, Omar shot himself
through the brain.

ITke immediately put him under arrest.
They jumped in the gray touring ecar,
and went spinning toward Doylestown.
The wind blew Omar’s chin spinnage to
star-board continually. TIke felt some-
thing tickle his ear, but thought another
bright idea was entering his brain. The
titillation recurred so frequently that
Ike, who has a hasty temper, stabbed
Omar nine times through the heart.
The tire busted!

At the point of a gun Ike forced Omar
to mend that tire with a bottle of Peru-
na that Omar never was without. Soon
they were speeding into Altoona.

My reader should now pay attention
to the way Ike’s bright mind began to
work; it is instructive. Des Moines Ike

knew better than to turn Omar over to
the Chester police. They would claim

the reward. What did Ike do? Listen!
He stopped the car at Jake Flivver’s
store in Chambersburg, and bought three
bushels of peanuts. Then they walked
to the woods. Omar began to browse
on those Hamlet pills. Ike wanted to
keep Omar’s mind and mouth busy, he
knew Omar would cheerfully serve a
life sentence if Goobernuts shared his
solitude. Omar would be there when
Ike returned. So Ike started for Coates-
ville, to catch Raffles when he (Raffles)
would enter the Walker hotel to get his
overcoat.

In the meantime, Raffles, mingling
with the crowd in Wanamakers, bought
a base ball mask and—

The Thick-wurst Mystery will appear
in a future issue. — Rocky.

CONCERT BY BOYS’ CHOIR

More than fifty little boys from the
choir of St. John’s Boys’ Orphan Asy-
lam of this city, came all the way from
48th and Wyalusing avenue, to take
part in the Sacred concert given here on
Sunday afternoon under the auspices of
the American Society for Visiting Catho-
lic Prisoners.

The program, embracing many class-
ics, was of unusual merit, and the num-
bers effectively rendered by the boys,
in their clear, sweet soprano voices, re-
flected the able manner in which they
had been trained by their master, Prof.
A. H. Heuermann.

Messrs Edward Donohue, A. Huver,
Francis Diamond and W. Kristel, were
the goloists, and their splendid efforts
were fully appreciated.

Melody reaches its height of grandeur
in the cultivated adult voice, but, can
never arouse the same tender thoughts
as that inspired by the blended harmony
of the pure sweet tones of unsullied
children.

The men are deeply grateful for the
entertainment, so thoughtfully prepared,
and so ably executed.

Who is the quoit champion ?

Break up games with the bat and not
guff.

Those Cubs are certainly playing some
ball. Two straight from the Library,
with prospects of another.

Walter Johnson of the Washington’s
has broken all records by pitching 56
consecutive no-hit innings.

Someone asked Dave the cornet player
how the Band Team was getting along.
“Sh’’ said Dave, ‘‘Take off your hat
when you speak of the dead.”’

The games scheduled for last Wed-
nesday afternoon, were called off by the
Weather man and will be played next
Thursday instead.

The Athletics took four games from
the Yarkees last week, and in order to
allow Philadelphia business men to trans-
act their business peacefully in New
York, the Phillies dropped four to the
Giants.

Both Ty Cobb and Johnny Evers can
afford to take a chance in rowdy ball
playing, but there is not a player in the
entire E. S. P. League who can do the
same, and get away with it. “Don’t butt
a stone wall.”’

3

|| SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ”

At the Saturday concert on the Twelfth
Block, a new pianist made his debut.
He demonstrated the fact that he is a
complete master of this popular instru-
ment. :

The Decoration Day Concert by the
E. 8. P. Band was composed of several
classical and popular selections, capably
rendered, and judging from the applause,
from both the visitors, and inmates, was
highly appreciated.

Mr. Giordano, letter clerk, is back again
at his old stand, the Post Office, after a
business trip to Scranton. Mr. Joe
Smith who accompanied him, remarked
that he intends to make several more
trips this year, as he likes them.

‘“‘Henry,”” one of the Umpire’s corres-
pondents, claims that he has traveled in
a great many different countries, but
never had he found peace, and content-
ment, till he came to this city. ‘‘My
only regret,”” said Henry, ‘‘s that it
cannot last forever.’’

The Ninth Block team lost that old
standby, ¢‘Slick”’ by name, and Slick he
was behind the bat, He left, Tuesday,
and we all wish him well.

In the series against the Ninth, Curly
the Plasterer’s pitcher, uncovered his
new ball, called The Tango Twist. He
claims that it took eight years practice,
to perfect this new wonder.

When ¢‘Jack” first sacker of the
Ninth heard of the tragic end of the
famous heavyweight boxer, I uther
McCarty, he remarked that although he
Jack was a heavyweight, he would in
the future, challenge any lightweight
in the world. Discretion is the better
part of valor.

If the Clerks’ manager could sign a
pitcher, a few fielders, and a good first,
second and third baseman, also a short-
stop to support Connolly the catcher, he
would have a pretty good team.

The barber-shop on the Ninth presents
a very neat appearance this Spring. The
proprietor has installed some of the
latest up-to-date conveniences, among
them being, a human phonograph, a
painting in oil, (hairoil) and a ther-
mometer.

This month holds the record for hav-
ing the longest day in the year, but
cheer up, the days are getting shorter.

—Jingles.
