---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_052.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 4, 1913

W

W

PLASTERERS vs NINTH.

May 28

The Champions clashed today in their
second game of the series, and as a brill-
iant game was anticipated, ‘‘all the
world and his wife’’ were in attendence.

The expected did not turn up, and
the game culminated in a perfect comedy
of errors, coupled with very ordinary
play.

In anticipation of a renewal of the
haggling, which has usually character-
ized the contests between the above
teams and has been the cause of reference
to their games in UMPIRE being omitted,
three of our best umpires were de-
tailed to attend the game, in order to
promptly settle any dispute that might
arise. As it happened, nothing unto-
ward occurred to mar the sport, unless it
was the really inferior playing of both
teams.

The game opened with Curly in the box
and he commenced with two strike outs.
Although he held hig own throughout
the game, it could be very plainly dis-
cerned that he was annoyed and discour-
aged by the bad support rendered by his
fellow teamsmen, and this naturally
caused him to become somewhat un-
steady as the game progressed.

As they are, as a rule, a useful bunch
of men, and always work like machinery,
we must let today’s game go by the
board, and the next one should deter-
mine, which is the better of these two
teams. The Plasterers manaced to save
themselves from a shut-out, by making
one run which was scored by their use-
ful manager.

However, we must make some excep-
tions to the above roast, because Stump
played second base exceptionally well,
and never madea single break, as did
Letty for the Ninth.

Frankie caught a swift ball off the
wall very cleverly, but our old acquain-
tance Harry, who was as usual behind
the bat, must have had butter smeared
on his fingers before he commenced the
game. The Barber, who is generally to
be relied upon, was very much off song
today at short field, and let balls escape
him.

The Ninth were in ecstacies from the
time they had scored two runs, and took
advantage of their opponent’s mistakes,
Longie, Cap, The Chef, and Lefty scor-
ed; the later twice, once being a circuit,

which would not have been scored, if
our before mentioned friend’s hand had
not been slippery. Jack made a smart
double play, and John singled, but was
caught very cleverly, stealing, by Stump
at second base. Yeap got to third and
faded. I ongie, from whom we expect-
ed better judgment got out on one oc-
casion through bunting the ball when
two strikes were on him, and fouled.

To the strains of Taps, the game
finished with the result 5-1 in favor of
Ninth.

The final game of this series should
produce a great battle, and it is difficult,
at this writing, to predict the winner.

— Henry.

LIBRARY LOSES TO CUBS

The Cubs met the Librarians, their
competitors for third place honors last
Thursday afternoon and walloped them
good and plenty by the score, 5-1.

The game was uneventful, and went
through in jig time, without a wrangle
of any kind. Both Tommy and Yellow
handed out some hot ones for their re-
spective teams. The former being cred-
ited with eight strike-outs and the latter
six. Both men had unusually good sup-
port. ‘

The Librarians opened the session by
Jimmie scoring on Bans three-bagger,
and that was the sum total of their runs,
though in two subsequent innings they
had men left at third. Yellow distin-
guished himself by a clever running catch
of Freddie’s fly.

For the Cubs, But lined out a home
run in the second, but, there wasnothing
doing by either team in the third and
fourth. In their half of the fifth how-
ever, the Cubs found the ball which net-
ted them two runs; and again in the
sixth, through opportune hits by But,
and Betts, tallied two more, and copped
the game.

Lippy umpired the game without a
protest. — Miteh.

«DUCKY” THE WHOLE SHOW

The Stocking Shed and the Plasterers
played off their tie game on Tuesday,
the 27th, ult, and it was a severe mauling
for the former. Although the Plasterers
made a host of runs, eredit must not be too
seriously attached to their good playing.

The hero of the game was unques-

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

E. 5. B LEAGUE
Wil SRt W I Pet:
Plasterers 213 IR Cubs 1228500
Ninth 20 4 .833 Shed i i 7l
Library 13 11 542 Band 221 O
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W L Bet Wl Bet:
Philadelphia 23 11 .676 Pittsburg AL L )
New York 220516 55579 St. Louis 19 24 442
Brooklyn 21 1751609 Boston 14 22 .389
Chicago 2152015512 Cincinnatti 16 $ 2705872
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Wl R Rets W I SPct
Athletics 31 10 .756 | Boston 19 22 .463
Cleveland 31135005 Detroit 1REORSS 301
Washington 23 19 .548 St. Louis 19 30 .388
Chicago 24 21 .533 New York 9 31 ".225

GAMES TO BE PLAYED
Wednesday and Friday
Cubs vs Plasterers Stocking Shed vs Ninth
Band vs Library
Thursday-- Ninth vs Plasterers
Shed vs Band Libraryvs Cubs

tionably a little fellow by the name of
“Ducky.” He was the whole cheese,
and virtually played the game alone.
He pitched splendid ball but his support
was abominable, and with everything
against him; he struck eleven men out
in grand style, also he got to third base
very cleverly where he faded through no

fault of his own.

We were always in possession of the
knowledge that “Ducky’’ was an ardent
devotee of Base Ball, but not till lately
did we realize that he has no peer inside
these walls. He made some brilliant
catches and altoge:her he was the talk
of the town. The result was 9—1 which
solitary run was made by Jack in the
shape of a home run.

— Henry.

BAND WINS FROM SHED

There was rejoicing in the Band room
on Thursday night and with good reason,
for the Musicians had overcome their
must formidable opponentin the tail-end
struggle by the score 6—5. No red fire
was burnt on the campus, nor was there
noisome frivolity in the dorms. but, on
Friday they took advantage of the holi-
day to get rid of some of their pent-up
joy and blew themselves for fair at the
concert. Herman, Walter and Larry
formed the battery unmasked by the
Band while the boys from the Stocking
Shed, replied with Floyd and Spetts.
The game was well contested throughout
the full six innings, with a creditable
vigor that left the result in doubt until
the whistle blew. — Mitch.

