---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_054.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

EE e e e
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary
Phila., Pa., every Wednesday.

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday June 11, 1913

It is a pleasure to note that while
the games of the past week were mostly
of an exciting nature and vigorously
contested, there was an entire absence
of anything pertaining to ‘‘rowdyism,”’
or individual animosity. Stalling is still in
vogue to some extent, and reprehensible
only an account of the limitation of time.
While every praise is deserved by the three
leaders in the race, the Band is also de-
serving credit by reason of the invariable
good nature of its members, and the
cheerful alacrity with which they come
forward for defeat.

It is with deep regret that the UMPIRE
announces the resignation of ‘‘Rocky’’
from its staff of regular contributors.
He states, that it is his intention to de-
vote all of his spare time in the future
to the writing of a play, and as we have
no desire to encroach upon time, to be
so valuably employed, we have accepted
his resignation. Vale ‘‘Rocky!”’

A great deal of interesting matter has
beer crowded out of this issue to make
room for the unusually large number of
base-ball reports.

PROCRASTINATION

Procrastination is the evil genius of
the human race. There is no earthly
excuse for it, but we are all more or less
addicted to it. It is the most unnecess-
ary of all human traits, and the most
common. It is no respecter of persons.
Intellectual giants and mental pigmies
are alike prone to procrastinate. It is the
deadly and unrelenting enemy of ambi-
tion and progress. It stultifies ability,
and lowers efficiency.

‘““Any time will do,”” and “‘I will at-
tend to it to-morrow,’”” ete. are sayings
that have damned many a person to
eternal medioerity,
genius.

though he be a
Once the habit of putting things
off is fully developed, a man has not one
chance in a thousand of ever catching up
with himself. He will forever be doing

things or forming resolutions to-day that
he should have done yesterday.

Stop procrastinating! You see what
you must do, therefore ‘‘do it now,"’
and get it out of your way for all time!
You will never regret freeing yourself
from this habit, if you once succeed. A
little grit and backbone is all that one
needs.

Act so that the word ‘‘procrastina-
tion,”” insofar as you are concerned,
will at once become obsolete. ‘Do 1T

Now,’’ is the slogan of a victor!
— Pliny.

ﬁﬂntlgr

ing the following lines convey, how much
happier we could make mother’s life.

It may be you have noticed a
careworn look upon her face lately. Of course
it has not been brought there by any act of
yours; still it is your duty to chase it away.
Would it not be a happy surprise to her if you
should occasionally bid her sit down and rest
while you performed the arduous duties in hand?
And how a tender kiss will cause her dear face
to brighten. Anyway you owe her a kiss or two.
Away back, when you were a little bit of a girl
she kissed you when no one else was tempted
by your fever tainted breath and swollen face.
You were not so attractive then as you are now.
And through those years of childish sunshine
and shadows, she was always ready to cure by
the magic of mother’s kiss, your little dirty,
chubby hands whenever they were injured in
the first skirmishes with the rough old world.

And then the midnight kiss with which she
routed so many bad dreams as she leanedabove
your restless pillow, have all been on interest
these long, long years.

Of course she is not so pretty and kissable
as you are; but if you had done your share of
the work during the last ten years, the contrast
would not be so marked.

Her face has more wrinkles than yours, and
yet if you were sick that face would appear far
more beautiful than an angel’s as it hovered
over you watching every opportunity to minis-
ter to your comfort, and everv one of these
wrinkles seem to be bright wavelets of sun-
shine chasing each other over the dear face.

She will leave you one of these days. These

@ould we but realize before hand the mean-

\burdens, if not lifted from her shoulders, will

break her down. Those rough, hard hands
that haved one so many necessary things for
you, will be crossed upon her lifeless breast.

Those neglected lips that gave you your first
baby kiss will be forever closed, and those sad,
tired eyes will have opened on eternity, and
then you will appreciate your mother; but it
will be too late.

DEATHS

JACK and CAP. on June 5th 1913 attheir late
residence 2107 Fairmount Ave, of old age.
Friends and a delegation from the Plasterers
headed by David and members of the E. S. P.
Ieague were invited to attend services on Satur-
day June 7th at 2 P M at the first block. E. S. P.
Further services and interment at the ninth
block Base Ball Grounds, special cars {(Lunch
Trucks) left the Boiler House, one forty five
1R Advt 1t pd

Itis easier to get in, than to get out
said Mark Twain, but how did he know ?

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 11, 1913

b me s G e e R
| WITH THE POETS |

AMID GRIM WALLS

Within these grim and fearsome walls,
Where sunlight rarely ever falls,

Are men entombed, sad and alone,
Torn from parents, wife and home.

Within every true and loyal home,
Peace and joy may serenely reign,

While within these vaults of stone,
Abide loads of sorrow, loads of pain.

Tis hard indeed for us to know,
That by the firelits evening glow,

Await for us a friend so dear—
With welcome home, and all good cheer,
But harder still, for them to know,

That to their loved ones, they cannot go.

When restored to liberty again
Let us go forth with might and main,

To do what’s good and right and true,
Determined whatever, no wrong to do,

Iet us show the world that we have learned,
A lesson dear, that cannot be spurned.

When we shall leave these walls behind,
With this resolve firm in our mind,
And to our Saviour bow our knee,
And to him make our humble plea,
He sure will give us a helping hand,
And prove to us our dearest friend.
— Ll

MY FAVORITES

You may talk of all your favorites

In our National game of ball,

Counting big leaguers, Amateurs, and all.
But in these ten acres,

It gives pleasure to us all,

To watch the Ninth and Plasterers,

In this famous game of ball.

The’re fighting for supremacy,
May the best team win at that,
And its got to be decided

With the famous ball and bat.
And when they start to battle,
T’1l be there you just can bet,
Rooting for the Plasterers,
And as near as I can get.

The Ninth will try with might and main;
This third game they must get,
But if I was a sporting man,
On the Plasterers I would bet,
And when the game is over
And to our cells we go,

You'll hear Oh, so many voices
Saying, did’nt I tell you so!

THE WINNER

—Anon.

““For sometime [ have been wondering
But now I haven't a doubt—
Who really is most deserving—
And I hope he will win out. ’
“For a man who loves his mother—
And holds her trust most dear,
Is every inch a manly man—
Of that I have no fear.”
—Bill.

