---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_055.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 11, 1913

A BITTER STRUGGLE

June 5

The same bitterness that has marked
the struggles of the Plasterers and the
Ninth for supremacy in the E. S. P.
League since the beginning of the sea-
son was in evidence to-day, and while
the Ninth had a lead of two runs in their
half of the sixth, the Plasterers came up
smiling in their turn and wopped out
three runs, and the game.

Both Curly and ILongie, were perfectly
supported and pitched professional ball
until the sixth, when they weakened.

Up to this time it was an even break,
with even money offered and
takers. The game in detail follows:

First:—Ninth—Brownie and Lefty hit
out; Rube struck out.

Plasterers—Frankie, Stump, and Tony
went out the same way.

Second-—Ninth—Cap struck out, Augie
walked. Jack and Longie each flied to
Felix, who was eagerly waiting.

Plasterers—Felix hit out; Barber
singled, stole second and came home on
Andy’s hit. Curly hit, stole second but
was left on third as Dick and Fats both
struck out. 1 run

Third—Ninth—Chef sent a beautiful
fly to Fats, who got it. Yeap did the
same for Felix, who got his. Brownie
walked, stole around to third where he
died owing to Timmie’s high fly being
grabbed by Frankie.

Plasterers—Frankie singled, but, could
do no better than make third as Stump,
Tony and Felix hit out in succession.

Fourth—Ninth—Rube walked right
up, turned around and banged a triple
for luck. Chef sacrificed, bringing in
Rube. Augie hit out; Jack singled, stole
second; I,ongie hit out. 1 run

Plasterers—Barber flied out to Longie;
Andy and Curly both hit out.

Fifth—Ninth—Chef singled, caught at
second; Yeap flied to Stump and Brown-
ie hit out.

Plasterers—Dick hit out,
Frankie struck out.

Sixth—Sowmething doing!

‘Ninth—Timmie lifted one of Curly’s
pets for a three bagger and was chased
home by Cap’s crashing merry-go-round.
Rube bunted out; Augie, and Jack hit
out. 2 runs

Plasterers—Stump singled, stole sec-
ond and third. Tony walked, reached
second; Stump scored on Felixs’ hit,
and then the Barber, after many efforts
walloped a beauty, bringing in Tony and
Felix, but was caught himself. Curly
and Andy each went out, but the game
was won, and lost. Result 4—3. Um-
pire, Mr. John Henry.

no

Fats and

'NINTH vs STOCKING SHED

June 4

By no means the least interesting of
the games played to-day was that of the
Ninth vs Shed. For some inexplicable
reason, the contest did not begin until
4.15, and at the outset it was uneventful.
Timmy scored the first run on an error,
and 6492 to offset it, hit a clean cut fora
circle. Soon after, Lefty scored on a
fumble, and in quick succession Jack,
for the Stocking Shed, tied the score
making it 2-2 At this stage the game
looked well within the grasp of the home
team, and the Ninth were quite alive to
that possibility, insomuch that Big Jack,
who was pitching, retired in favor of
Longy. Under Longy’s fusilade, the
Stocking Shed wavered somewhat, but
nevertheless plaged for all they were
worth. Lefty tripled, and subsequently
both he and Augie scored on passed balls,
which practically decided the game.
Ducky pitched indisputable ball,and his
support was a remarkable improvement
on the last time we saw them. Some
weeks ago we stamped Spetz as a comer,

and today he justified our prognostica-
tion. His agility and aptitude were
the admiration of all; and catching dif-
ficult balls, his unerring aim,and batting
capabilities were most noticeable and
spectacular.

The umpire, a new installation, was
somwhat at fault in his decisions, but
they were equally fair to both sides.

It would be well, if the managers,
prior to the game would point out and
explain to the new men the various and
intricate limit lines. in order that dissa-
tisfaction and comment may be avoided.
Score 4——2 favor of Ninth. — Henry.

LIBRARY TIE THE BAND

June 4

The Bandits played superior ball in
their game with the Library for four in-
nings, then Walt, who struck out nine
Students, weakened, and the Students
tied the score. In their half of second
Whitey hit, advanced to third, and scor-
ed on Eggies hit. KEggie scored on a
wild throw, two runs. In fifth, Chick
walked and scored on Beef’s double.
Ryder clouted for the circuit and Beef
scored. Davis walked and scored on
Whitey’s triple. Band—In second in-
ning, Dave tripled and scored on Poet’s
hit. Slim advanced to third, Julius hit
and scored Slim,

In third, Josh slammed out a homer.
Slim doubled in fourth. Julius hit for
a home run in fifth. Score 6-6.— Rocky.

” SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ”

The Band is improving. At what?
Music or Ball playing? Guess.

The Bear-Cats attacked the Cubs last
week but although they succeeded in
taming them in the first game, the Cubs
proved so vicious in the gecond session,
that they completely routed their com-
mon enemy.

The sporty back-stop of the Plasterers,
has resigned from his team. He gives
as reason, for this deplorable act, the
fact that he is perfecting a plan, in which
he can be hit by a pitched ball, thereby
gaining his base, without being hurt.

The ‘‘brother team’’ now appearing
in a limited engagement with Our Quar-
tette, are rehearsing a new act which they
will take on the road, sometime in the
future. Managers and agents, kindly
write. ;

Cap of the Ninth believes that a
man should always pay his debts. He
claims that, as baseball is more or less a
game of honor, baseball players especi-
ally should take notice of this rule.

The Plasterers played excellent ball
against the Ninth on Thursday. Hair-
raising stops, daring base running and
an exciting climax, distinctly marked
this game as one of the best played this
season.

The man who has never been known
to make a ‘‘kick,”’ or in any way create
a disturbance in a ball game is Felix of
the Plasterer team. Follow his example.

The only way is the right way, says
Joe our Orchestra Leader. He is whip-
ping the orchestra into great shape,
these days. Classics are his favorites.
Just listen to some of these they are
practicing, Overture Morning Noon
and Night in Vienna, by Suppe, Selec-
tions from the Opera, Baron Trenck,
and also William Tell, and a score of
others.

““Bob’’ of the Bindery, went swim-
ming last Wednesday morning about
4 A. M. Down at ‘‘Atlantic’’ he claims
it was, and such a vivid, realistic dream,
that it took him and his cell-mate all
morning to mop the water from the floor.
You see Bob left the window open and it
did rain quite bhard that morning.

Herb wants the address of some re-
sponsible physician who will pay in ad-
vance for a good live body to be deliver-
ed after death. A sort of ante-pay,

post-mortem. Jingles.
