---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_056.jpg
---
OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING
TO DATE

E. USSP B AGUR

Wil Pebe & W, “Pct:
Plasterers 238075, .82 | Cubs 15 18. .536
Ninth 23 5 821 ‘ Shed brRoRE2 1A
Library 15 12 .556 | Band 2 25 .070
NATIONAL LEAGUE
] WP etii! WaSlss Bt
Philadelphia 29 12 .707 | Pittsburg 23 24 .489
New York 24 19 .558 | St. Louis 22 26 .458
Brooklyn 23 19 .548 Boston 17 26 .395
Chicago 25 23 .521 Cincinnatti 17 31 .354
AMERICAN LEAGUE
_ W. NaPct. | W. I Pet.
Athletics 37 10 .787 | Boston 22 24 478
Cleveland 34 15 .694 Detroit 20 32 .385
Washington. 26 22 .542 | St. Louis 20 35 .364
Chicago 27 24 529 New York 1135 ~.239
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
i W. I,. Pct. WAL PPt
Wilmington 26440, 722 Trenton 17541 - 3600
Harrisburg 20 13 606 Allentown 1s: 19 * 441
York 19 15 559 | Atlantic City 8 31 205

GAMES TO BE PLAYED
Wednesday and Friday
Cubs vs Stocking Shed Band vs Ninth
Plasterers vs Iibrary
Thursday Library vs Band

SAME BAD STALLING

June 5

A very good game of base ball hetween
the Library and Cubs was sadly marred
in the last inning when the game stood
3-1 in favor of the Librarians, by some
pretty rank stalling on the part of Jim-
my’s cohorts,

The Cubs had three men on bases and
none down, when the bell strﬁ(tk, and
had the game been hustled along as it
should have been, there would probably
have been a different result.

It is understood that the Cub’s man-
agement will enter a protest.  —Mitch.

STOCKING SHED 10, BAND 7

June 5

The Stocking Shed bowled the Band
over to-day to the tune of 10-7. Bowl
Foot, a new man wentin to do the trick
for the Sheds, but when the Band jump-
ed on him for five runs in the third.
he was taken out, and Spetz whirled
the remaining innings.

Walter was not in shape and the Shed
won the game in the first two innings
when they touched him up for seven
runs. The Band is making a desperate
up-hill fight, and Dayve and his crowd
are to be commended.

They are good
losers.

— Mitch.
NO MERCY FOR BAND

June 6

In the game between the Library and
Band to-day, Herman held the Book-
men down to two runs, until the fifth

inning, when he lost control, nerve, and
perhaps his shirt. For then it was that
all hands took a whack at the Band, and
never stopped until six runs were tallied.
It was heart-rending. Rich essayed to
finish the game, and another run was
made off of him.

The Band put in Eddie a new man,
who did well, and brought in one of the
the runs, in his stocking feet.

Wade formerly of the Ninth, made
his first appearance with Librarians and
put lots of ginger in his work.

Score 10-3. Umpire John Henry.
— Mitch.
PLASTERERS WIN AGAIN
June 9. FRET

The Plasterers today lined up Tony
and Stump, against Yellow and Beef
Trust for the Librarians and won out by
the score 3-2.

The whistle blew in the last half of
the seventh with Eggie, a famous run-—
ner on third, two men down, and Big
Six at the bat. As the latter had knock-
ed out a home run in the third, he would
have undoubtedly saved the game had
there been time, for only a single was
needed to tie it up, at least. Both Tony
and Yellow were going well, but there
was some very ragged fielding, and base
runningMike of the Librarians, who
has usually played good ball, making
errors of peculiar flagrancy to say the
least.

The Plasterers made their three runs
in the first inning, and only in two other
innings, did one of their men reach 3rd.
Tony struck out 9, Yellow 7. Big Six,
Tony and Aleck carried oftf the batting
honors. Umpires, John Henry and Neil.

— Mitch

NINTH vs SHED

Jnne Gth.

The Tiger’s, the Ninth, had to work
hard to beat the Shed team to-day al-
though the latter did not score. Ducky,
struck out eight tigers, and kept the hita
scattered except in the first and fifth
Innings.

Umpires—Eddie, Happy. Eddie leaves
us; good-bye! Score 8—0. Rocky.

SHED WINS ANOTHER

June 10

The Stocking Shed and Band played
off a tie-game this afternoon which re-
sulted in favor of the former by score of
1-0

-caught Josh at second base.
te)

4 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 11, 1913

W

CUBS vs STOCKING SHED

June 9.
Very uneventful was the game played
today between the above teams, and it
ended in a win for the Cubs, 7-1.
Everybody seemed to be in a state of
lethargy, and indifferent to which way
the ball went. Ducky who has been
pitching so consistently of late is being
overworked, and to that we attribute
his poor pitching today. He was off
the bull’s eye and let many men oceupy
bases on balls. We have seen Tommy
pitch better, and we must attach the
same reason to his handling of the sphere
The Cubs in the 2nd inning opened the
scoring with Tommy hitting a two bag-
ger, stole 3rd, and scoring on an error.
Butt was walked, stole 2nd and 3rd and
scored on Stew’s sacrifice. Marty got
to 3rd and faded. In 3rd inning they

bunched a quantity of runs and thus

settled the Shed’s hash.

Charley passed, stole 2nd and 3rd and
scored on Tommie's two-bagger obtained
by a wild throw; Tommie stole 3rd and
scored on Butts double, as did Jor who
had secured his base on balls. Butt
scored on Woody’s 2 bagger who faded
at 3rd. After this nothing noteworthy
happened. — Henry.

BAND vs NINTH

June 9

Monday’s game was hardly the kind
to fill the grand stands. It was very
spiritless until the last two innings and

although considerable scoring was then

rolled up it was hardly the result of
brilliant work.

The only run the Band tallied was in
the first inning when little Julius came
home; the team then went to sleep ex-
cepting the pitcher who did good work
until the last two innings when he be-
came wild. Failure to catch, and fumb-
ling the balls by the Band helped the
Ninth considerably. Jack’s run was
entirely due to the second baseman fum-
bling the ball on which he came home.

The very opposite occured in the last .

inning when a brilliant throw by Rube
It was the
prettiest play of the game. Yeap,
Smithie, Sam and Brownie are the others
that made runs for the Ninth bringing
the score up to 5-1. —Sam.

e A B ol Bt e " P
T L T P RN TP At

