---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_057.jpg
---
. other members incapacitated.

DEVOTED TO THE

VOL 2 NO 14

Ninth Block Wins First

Half of the Season
Nose Out Plasterers By One Game

When the Library defeated the Plas-
terers last Saturday, by the score of 6 to
2, the Ninth Block stepped into first
place as the undisputed Champions of
the first half of the 1913 season.

From the time the umpire called ‘“‘play
ball’” on April 7th, right up to the last
day of the 30 game season, the Plas-
terers and Ninth were neck and mneck;
and not until Saturday the 14th, when
the tie game of June 11th, between the
Plasterers and Library was played, and
the Plasterers defeated, was the race de-
cided. Before the game, every one, in-
cluding the members of the Ninth,
thought that a tie between the Plasterers
and the Ninth wasinevitable. The wise
ones, who play form, were dissappointed,
as the Library played all around the Plas-
terers; the latter putting up by far the
worst exhibition of ball they have shown
this season.

Towards the close of the first half, the
Plasterers played in hard luck; losing
the services of their valuable manager,
also havihg a few
Again the
boys who sit back and say, I told you
s0,”’ did not touch second when they
claimed the Ninth would run away with
the flag. ~ In fact, the whole institution
conceded a runaway race for the Ninth.

On paper the Ninth looked unbeatable,
and no one gave a thought to any other
team as a possible. contender for the

who was injured,

‘bunting. For the first two weeks of the
‘season these predictions of the wise-acres

MID-SEASON REVIEW oo

bme fin 111(;, the Ninth eamly dlsposmg of | managers \\111 take charge of the \Tmth
The Plasterersiand Plasterers, and it is hoped they will

the Cubs and Library.

PRIQELESS |

met them during the third week, and|profit by the mistakes of their predeces-

won the first one, dropping the other two. |sors.
The Cubs sneaked one over on them, tle more indulgent to the umpires.

likewise the Library, and the Ninth
dropped back to second place. The
week of May 26th, the Ninth and
Plasterers met on the Stable grounds,
and to the surprise of the Ninth and
their friends, the Plasterers took two
out of three.
2nd, the Ninth had been the only team
to defeat the Plasterers. On June 2nd
they opened a three game series with the
Cubs, when the biggest surprise of the
season was sprung on the hase ball fol-
lowers in here—the lowly Cubs taking
two out of three from the Plasterers;
thereby spiking their chances for the
pennant. The third club in the race was
this self-same Cub team. Their mana-
ger by hard and consistent work building
them up from an ‘‘also ran’’ club, to
one that must be considered in the last
half of the season. The Library, which
is tied for third place with the Cubs was
a disappointment. With material enough
to make one of the best teams in the
league, the best they could do, was to
tie for the third place. Poor manage-
ment the first of the season with dissen-
sion among its players, was mainly the
cause of its downfall. The Stocking
Shed brought up fifth, and though han-
dicapped by lack of pitching material,
made it interesting for the team ahead
of them. The Band plays good music
but poor baseball. They don’t seem to
try and strengthen their team at all.

By this time next week the
second half of the season will be on
its way, and a better article of ball is
looked for from all the teams.

 during the rest of the game.
New | Umpire, Happy.

Players should endeavorto be a lit-
They
receive the same salary for umpiring, as
you do for playing the games,
the least to be done is to gloss over their
mistakes; for there is no question but
that they all mean well.

—The President.

and

Until the week “of June PLAYERS MHIS WEEK

Owing to the extremely hot weather,
and the crippled condition of so many
of the players, the Warden has very
wisely determined that they should take
the present week for a well-earned rest,
and endeavor to recuperate from the ef-
fects of their strenuous work of the past
two weeks.

The games of next week will be played
as scheduled. The three games of the
present week will be played as the op-
portunity offers, throughout the seasou,
which will now close October 3, instead
of September 26.

CUBS WIN FROM SHED

June 11

In the first four innings of the Cubs-—
Stocking Shed game this afternoon, thir-
teen men faced Ducky, only one of Whom
reached first base, and that one walked.
Seven others were struck out.

In the fifth, the little fellow weakened
and as the Cubs saw it, began to show
their teeth and hit the ball. Those who
couldn’t hit, were passed and four runs
rushed over the plate, at least two of
which could have been cut off had the
catcher been on the job.

The Shed tallied one run in each of
the first two innings, and had a man on
third base, in the third, when Rile, a
new man struck out. After that Tom-
mie held them down to one single hit
Score 4-2.

— Muteh.

