---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_058.jpg
---
()

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 18, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

e L e e
Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday June 18, 1913

No man can stand alone. Every one
of us is dependent, more, or less, upon
one or another. Everyone of us there-
fore, owes a duty to another, and the
debt must be paid, no matter in how tri-
vial a manner, yet, still to be paid.
How? Many ways, not .the least of
which, is to be pleasant.

While human nature craves the beau-
tiful, it also demands things, that are
pleasant, no less to the eye, than to the
taste. Therefore in requiting our obli-
gations, we can at least smile, and then
smile some more. Not a

senile grin,
but a pleasant smile,

with a hearty
laugh, not a giggle, at the proper time.

Laughter and yawning are both con-
tagious, but, inspired by different emo-
tions. One expresses pleasure, the other
boredom. There is always a welcome
for the man of cheery manner, who can
induce laughter; so there is for the man
with the sunny smile. Therefore, smile.
I it costs an effort to smile kindly, so
much the better, for then it is done at a
sacrifice, which means an exercise in
self-control for yourself, and pleasure
to another. Reserve your frowns for
yourself and the wood pile. There is no
better outlet for a man’s ill humor, than
a big husky pile of wood and a dull axe,

with no one in hearing. But, smile.

There is no good reason why an iron-
clad rule should mnot to be enacted, and
rigidly enforced, requiring the mana-
gers of all teams to come upon the
grounds with their line-up already pre-
pared and handed to the score-keepers
immediately. These men are doing good
work, for which they receive little or no
thanks, and they should be assisted and
not hindered.

Thanks are due to B 5750 (Doc.) for
the painstaking care he has evidenced in |
the compilation of the standing of indi-
vidual players which appears in this
issue.

SATD TO BE FUNNY

Let us be thankful for occasional visits from the man
who sees the funny side of things.

Had some of the men in this place
worked as hard for a pay-roll when they
had the opportunity, as they do for a
pa-role here, things would be decidedly
different.

The Government is beating up the Egg
and Butter Trust. That ought to make
angel food but, it won’t.

While the principle ingredient of a
chicken pie, is chicken, it does not nec-
essarily follow that dog should enter
into the make up of a dog biscuit.

. John had just returned from a fishing
trip with a string of very small fish.

“Say, John,” remarked his wife.
“Don’t fish go in schools?’” “‘Sure’’ re-
plied John.

““Then all I’ve got to say that you must
have been fishing in the infant class.”’

— B6491

Keep your temper; nobody wants it.

Dentist to Jingles : I guarantee to
extract teeth without pain.

Jinglées to Dentist: Yes but I want
the pain extracted. I'd rather keep the
tooth.

A young Sunday school teacher desir-
ing to impress upon the minds of her
class, the meaning of returning thanks,
before a meal, asked the deacon’s son
the following:

‘“George what is the first thing your
father says when he sits down %to the
table?"’

He says, “‘Go slow, with the butter
kids, it’s forty cents a pound,” replied
George.

- —dJingles.
NOTICE-

Our Orchestra is in need of Musicians
such as Violinists, Celloists and Organist.
If such men are in the Institution, kind-
ly send application to the Leader of the
Orchestra, stating what you can do, and
what instrument you play. No loafers
need apply, as this means work, and the
best of your ability will be expected.

'Only men who can read the music want-

ed. No fakers need apply. No need
for Mandolin, Banjo or Guitar.

Bed e ],th. Block.

Don’t worry when you stumble—re-
member, a worm is about the only thing
that can’t fall down.

!

| ” WITH THE POETS “

TRY SMILING

When the weather suits you not
Try smiling

When your coffee isn't hot,
Try smiling.

When your neighbors don’t do right

Or your relatives all fight,

Sure it’s hard but then you might
Try smiling.

Doesn’t change the things of course,
Just smiling;

But it cannot make them worse—
Just smiling

And it seems to help your case,

Brightens up a gloomy place;

Then it sort o’ rests your face—
Just smiling.

—Selected.

AN AWFUL SHAME

To me it came, in denying shame,

When the Cubs beat the Plasterers once again ,
If they could tell me how they beat,

No more pot pie, would I eat.

The Cubs, they played, the game quite fair,
And fielding great, while [ was there,

Their double plays and all the rest
Were up to the minute and of the best.

But in our mnational, game of ball,
The pace is fast, for one andall,

And thus it is; to all us men—
But can the Cubs, do it o’er again ?

(Scat you’re onmy lettuce patch.)

—Snookums.

“JUST TRY TO BE THE FELLOW THAT
YOUR MOTHER THINKS YOU ARE”

Whilst walking down a crowded city street
the other day, ‘

I heard a little urchin to a comrade turn and
say—

¥‘Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse, I'd be
happy as a clam

If T only was the fellow dat me mudder tinks
I am,

She tinks I am a wonder, an’ she knows her
little lad

Could never mix wit’ nutting dat was ugly
mean or bad.

Oh lots o’ times I set and tink, how nice
‘twould be, gee whiz !

If a feller was de feller that his mudder tinks
heis.”

My friends, be yours a life of toil, or undil-
uted joy,

You still can learn a lesson from this small
unlettered boy.

Don't try to be an earthly saint with eyes fix-
ed on the stars,

Just try to be the fellow that your mother
thinks you are. — Wil S. Adkin.

Music has charms,
Farmers have barns,
Liars have yarns,
Pitchers have arms.
The table has legs, but cannot walk.
The cave has a mouth, but cannot talk.
So what’s the difference, we’ll all see
stars some day, but don’t get hit with
the ball. Leave it to the umpire.

—dJingles.

A A e A e fb b i
