---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_059.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 18, 1913

3

LIBRARY vs

June 13

PLASTERERS.

The Plasterers won another from the
Library this afternoon in a manner so
decisive as to leave no room for doubt.

The old ‘“Warrior,”” as we hoped, was
again at his favorite post, and pitched
gilt edge ball. It seemed as though he
was determined to demonstrate, for the
last time, to his departing manager Dave
that he need not leave us in fear and
trembling on their account, for the fame
of the team was in no danger, but on
the contrary was in good hands, and
could be trusted to maintain its prestige
and glory of the past so dearly bought.

There was a frightful fusilade all the
time, and fast and furious singles and
doubles were dispatched to the four car-
dinal points; so much so, that at times
we could well imagine we were witness-
ing a Marathon race; runs being scored
in such quick succession.

At 4:55 when 8 innings had been played,
the stock of balls became exhausted,
otherwise a full game of 9innings would
have been recorded.

- The following men scored: Felix home
run; Barber (3), Tony (2), Stump (3).
Alex and Harry. Tony, Alex and Felix
also hit two-baggers, and many other
good plays were executed Curley ef-
fected a fine catch, straight off the Dbat
at terrific velocity, which retired the
side in that inning.

The Library were entirely outplayed
but withal, played a very plucky game.
Yaller was on the hill butit seemed to
us, hopeless from the beginning. We
- are sorry there is not much to record
about the Library's play. who but for
Ban’s most opportune home-run, would
 have been left with a round O.

Jimmie twice got to 3rd but was oust-
ed forthwith, on each occasion. Joe,
Dud and Beef Trust each essayed to
score, but their hopes were frustrated.

‘A word before closing should be said
‘for their outfielder, Big Six, whose
chances to exploit himself were greatly
minimized, and impeded by the line of

spectators. — Henry.

Many a man leaps before he looks, it
has cost some of us many years of dis-
tress, by leaping before we looked. In
the future let us make sure of our land-
ing place, before we leap. — Clutty.

BAND SHUT OUT

Junell.

The above game was played to-day and
from its inception, when we observed
the Bandits line up, we were satisfied
that the result was a foregone conclusion.
Longy was in the box and pitched a good
strong no run game, although we observ-
ed him hit three men. His support was
good, and from the style in which they
played, we are convinced they could have
scored many more if they had been on
their real mettle. Louis pitched a fair
game for the Band, but he is no match
for the Ninth sheet anchor. The game
resulted in the Band being ‘‘Chicagoed,”’
which for those who are not acquainted
with this vernacular, represents a shut
out.

Lefty and Longy scored home runs.
The Poet singled but utterly ignored
first base. It manifested gross careless-
ness, and it appeared to us as though he
was indifferent about the issue of the
game. Rodgie got to third and glued
there; because in our opinion he had
ample time to score on the Poet’s hit.
John Henry made no secret of the fact,
that he was terrified at Loongie’s pitching,
and at times almost turned his face to
the wall. As we stated above, Longy
had ten strike outs so probably herein
hangs the sequel, which was Ninth 11
Band 0.

PLASTERERS— LIBRARY TIE.

— Henry.

une 11 )

J Yaller, the long-legged moundsman of
the Librarians was batted all around the
grounds for 6 runs in the 1st inning of
to-day’s game, after which he settled
down and with good support, prevented
any of the Plasterites from making fur-
ther scores.

Tony started in the box for the Plas-
terers, but was relieved by Curly in the
fourth. The Librarians scattered their
runs throughout the 7 innings and large-
ly through the clever work of Wade and
Big Six, overtook their opponents, but,
could not pass them. The game was an
exciting one throughout, and both teams
realized at the finish, that they had been
in a battle. Score 6—6. —Sam.

A man should never be ashamed to
say he has been in the wrong, which is
but saying, in other words, that he is
wiser to-day than he was yesterday.

_” SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ”

“What’s the score?”’ said a new arrival
last week as Mr Joe Morgan, was taking
his pedigree. Sounds like Chee-Chaw.

Chew your food well. It don’t pay to
get sick. You won’t even get sympathy.
So keep healthy.

The new automobile is now
stable and is a dandy. :

Harry‘‘ came back’’. Heis once more
behind the mask, and by the way he is
hitting the ball, these days.

Davie, ex-manager of the Plasterers,
left for other parts Saturday morning
He received a royal send off, and he has
the best wishes of all who know him.

Curly has a bad habit of falling on his
knee. In Saturday’s game he bruised
that member, for a second time, within
a week.

Did it pass? What did you hear?
Will it atfect yon ? How much longer?
Well it’s about time. These are only a
few of the ordinary remarks, heard on
every hand.

in the

The second half of the series promises
to furnish some excellent sport. The
different teams have been signing up new
material, and strengthening their re-
spective line-ups during the last few
weeks.

The Ninth won the first half of the
season’s series by a slight margin. If
they want to duplicate this performance
in the second half, they will have to start
early and work late.

Andy is still out of the game with a
broken finger. So is Whitey. They
travel together all over the place. Well
misery loves company, the old proverb
says. —dJingles.

NINTH BEATS BAND

June 13.

While the Band was beaten by the
Ninth this afternoon by the decisive
score of 11-8, they put up the best game
of ball they have played for many days.
They put Big Louie in the box, and he
did much Dbetter than was expected,
though he was hit in lively shape in the
third and sixth inning; Cap, Yeap and
Lefty knocking out home runs. Eddie,
the Band, plays earn-
est and effective ball, but, he needs
coaching in the rules and finer points of
the game. — Muteh.

a new man on
