---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_061.jpg
---
VOL, 2 NO, 15

The second half of the E. S. P. Base-
ball League season opened on Monday
under gratifying conditions and was a
welcome relief to both fans and- players
after a week of idleness.

Several changes in the teams were
made during the interval, including the
management of the three principal clubs.
Stump will hereafter manage the Plas-
terers, instead of Dave retired; Jingles
takes hold of the Librarians, vice Mike,
while Waters, temporarily at least, will
manage the Ninth, in place of Timmy,
resigned.

The Plasterers desired to change their
name to ‘“Bake-house,”’ and the Stock-
ing Shed, wanted to be known as the
“Printers.”’” Formal approval of these
proposed changes, however, has not been
granted.

Mike and Yallerr of the Librarians)

were traded to the Plasterers for Fats,
Tim and White Hope. Ban, formerly of
the Library, was exchanged with the
Cubs, for Bobbie and Betz. 'The Ninth
was anxious to secure Eggie of the Lib-

~ rary in exchange for Yeap, but, the deal
~ fell through.

The staff of umpires comprises, John
Henry, Neal, Rabbi, Lippy, Happy, and
Ken. A professional umpire, formerly
of the New England League has recent-
ly registered in the institution and will
probably soon make his appearance on

the grounds.
A professional catcher is also on his

way, and due to arrive within the week.

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

PRICELESS

WEDNESDAY JUNE 25, 1913

Starting with the

making a homer,
score 4—1 against them, the Band tied
LEAGUE SEASON OPENS it in the third inning, -and from that

: ; = ; ltime on made a run, for each one made
Leading Clubs Materially Strengthened— Promises To Be A Determined |by their opponents, but, despite their

Contest.—Changes in Personnel—Opening Games

struggles, the winning one could not be
obtained by either club. Julius the little
One enterprisinoc manager it is said, has third baseman played in sensational
already opened up communication with {style, making two difficult stops, and
him. accepting every chance. It was a very
The trading of Ban, Mike and Yaller, |exciting and well played game, indicat-
all Strong p]ayars,‘ has weakened the ing what the tail-enders can do when
Librarians considerably, and leaves them |they want to. John Henry and Ken.
with only one good pitcher, Charlie, a|were the umpires.
new man, who was unfortunately in-
jured in his first game, and probably
will not be able to play for some time.
The Cubs have materially strengthen-|
ed their team and are to be reckonedi
with, from now, on. ‘The Shed and
Band remain the same. and it is conced-
ed that the struggle for last place will be
between these two clubs.

LiBrArY SHUuT OUT

June 23.

The Librarians under the new man-
agement of Jingles went down to inglo-
rious defeat to-day at the hands of the
Ninth by the score of 6—0.

Charlie, a new arrival was put in the
box for the Jinglers, and for fourinnings
held the Ninth Block boys down to one
hit, and that a clean home run by Longie.
In the fifth, he walked the first two men
Iwhen Chef attempted a sacrifice, and in
making first, collided with Charlie who
had fielded the ball. Both went down,

Cus Vs Baxp

June 23

Of the three games played to-day>
that between the Cubs and Band was
undoubtedly the most interesting and

best fought out. It was nip and tuck : : R

o lth e hcior 6l the Llass inning and the Library man falling on his pitch-

when the score stood 6—6. Walt s‘oarteci’ing azm and shotlders hat 10 el
- ' : ithough not until he had pitched one

the game in the box for the Band, with} !

Dave catching. He was too easy for the|™0T® ball to see if he was really out of

Cubs, however and was forced to give|the game. Reds was then put on the

way to big Louie, but, not until theimound, and while there were mno hits

Cubs had tallied four big runs, and ap_imade off of h”.n’ was very wild and R
parently had the game cinched. three men their bases; five runs being

Tommy and Freddie comprised the made in this inni.r,g. ;
Cub battery and there was a plentiful Bill for the Ninth pitched a perfect

slugging of the ball by both teams, as!ga,me, striking out eleven, of the sixteen

- i PYL 1 s 1 o
shown by the number of home runs.|™®" who faced him, and allowing only

Josh, Kramer and Louie of the Band,|°%¢ ™" to reach second.
and Tommy, and Jore of the Cubs eaohi

( Continued on page 4.)
