---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_062.jpg
---
THE

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

L BTIVRY O S B e B SR o AL
Printed at the FEastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.— Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday June 25, 1913

The eagerness with which the men
scanned and analyzed the tabulated state-
ments showing the standing of the in-
dividual members of the teams compris-
ing the E.S.P. League, as published last
week, was no less than wonderful.

The interest of those who were per-
sonally concerned in this public notice of
their respective merits as ball players,
was as intense as it was earnest. Iach
one noted his relative position to that of
the leaders and gave expression to his
satisfaction, or dismay as his standing
demanded. And this suggests a thought:

How entirely different would be this
good old world of ours, if we played the
game of life, with the same care, am-
bition and endeavor to avoid errors as
we do the game of ball. If we had the
same horror and shame of being called by
some other, and usually applicable ep-
ithets, in the life game, as we have of
being called a ‘‘mutt,”’ a ‘‘freeze,”’ or
“‘bone-head’’ in the ball game; how
vastly would it influence our efforts to
enact our lives so that our names would
appear close up to that envied man in
the 900 per cent class.

It is a thought that grows, and grows,
as the wonderful possibilities of such a
condition grows, but, the millenium is
far distant, it is feared.

A German highbrow, with an unpro-
nounceable name, announces that after
years of exhaustive study, he can now
determine by the conformation of
the toes of a newly-born infant, if it
will grow up to be a eriminal.

We are now waiting to hear from an-
other source to learn just what confor-
mation of any other member will be re-
quired to determine the length of sen-
tence such a child will eventually have
to serve; the particular branch of erime
he will choose, and more important still,
if he will grow up at all.

UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 25, 1913

A MAN AND WORK

ork is action guided by poise and
wpurpose. Action accomplishes, per-
forms. Deity creates through man. No-
bility manifests itself in action; and
what the man is, is revealed in what he
does. The Master Man always and for-
ever is a workingman. Itis work that
has tempered and tamed him. And out
of the fulness of his strength he
guides, directs, counsels-—creates.

That-man is the greatest who best
serves his kind. Sympathy and know-
ledge are for use—you acquire, that you
may give out ; you accumalate, that you
may bestow. And as God has given
unto you the sublime blessings of sym-
pathy and wisdom, there will come to
you the wish to reveal your gratitude by
giving them out again; for the wise man
is aware that we retain only as we give.
Let your light shine. To him that bath,
shall be given. The exercise of wisdom
brings wisdom.

— Elbert Hubbard.
A NEW PIPE

Mr. James Loan of the store house is
probably the only merchant in the coun-
try who is doing business on a losing
basis and fully enjoying it. He is al-
ways on the alert for opportunities to
give his customers the biggest values for
the least money, and lately has added
to his stock some genuine French briar
wood pipes with the famous ‘‘Bakelite”’
mouth piece. It is claimed that ‘‘Bake-
lite”’ is stronger and more brilliant than
amber, and that it is tasteless, odorless,
and non-inflammapble.

Its full and unusual chemical name is
Owxybenzlmethylenglycolanhydride.  If the
merits of the pipe are at all proportion-
ate to its name, then the ‘‘Bakelite,’’
has them all beaten, by several million
miles. These pipes cost $6 per dozen,
wholesale, and in keeping with his liber-
al policy, Mr. Loan is handing them out
for 50 cents each.

He has also added to his stock of
staples, a Pine Tar Soap, of the well
known Williams’ make at .05 cents and
Prophylactic tooth brushes, at 18 cents.

As the Warden has solved the most
difficult part of the high cost of living in

the matter of neecessities for us, Mr.

Loan is lending his efforts in cutting

=)
down the cost of luxuries. It is hoped

that his energies may never tire.

| WITH THE POETS ||
SPIDER ANSWEI;S THE GANG

Have you ever heard of the ‘“Sky light man?”’
Of course you have, he's a base ball fan.
About base ball not a thing he knows,
Yet he yells and roots and wiggles his toes.
At the start of the season you’d hear him say
“The Ninth wi/l win—are here 7o stay.”’
But the rest of the gang kept pushing him,
Saying, ‘‘just wait, a new:song you'll sing;’’
Well, here is where that song will begin,
And I hope in your ears forever will ring,
I might be a mut on the base ball game
Not looking for laurels, or any fame.
When it comes to stalling or a game to fram
I’m only a dub, and very tame, i
But here is 72y answer to all the gang: ‘
Your judgment was bum from beginning to end
A game of marbles, you might play that—
But a game of ball, you don’t know, that’s a
faect: ,
Don’t come around with your hard luck cry
You «imply lost out; in the fight you did die.
A gang of /fas beens, you struck a snag
From this time on, you better play tag.
—Spider

DAT’S DE GAME

W’en dere out on de fiel, guy, out onde fiel’,
Wit’ trowin an’ ketchin’ de ball—
An’ de bleachers ’r’ lined wit de hungry fans,
Awaitin’ £’ hear ‘‘play ball I”’—
Aw nix on de op’ra, dat’s comic ’r gran’;
Go way wit" de pictur’ shows;
We're a livin dose days wit de bleacherite
'’ Mong de slides, an’ ketches an’ t'rows.
(And listen)
“See de find ! He’s de champ wit’ de brainy tup,
An’ a spitter and fade-away;
He’s a hatter an’ pitcher—now wa'td ye know?
An’ a fielder dat’s all in de play;
Can you beat it? Go on ! He’ll steal two a game,
And slug ’em five hunderd an’ more,
He's de man wit’ de ncodle—de clean-up hit,
Who fielded ’em nine-eighty-four. ’

(Later : Same voice when the *‘find”’ floundered)

“Well, look at de mut—at de bloomin dub—
Get next to de faker's king;

He’s de lead-foot kid, wit’ de saw-dust head;
De cull wit’ de pale glass wing;

Go back to de mines; it’s de marbles for you.
Dat’s de onliest game you’ll fit

Stand up to de plate—aw’ look he’s afraid ! !'!
A hit, Frost, give us a hit!!!

2 —Zell E. Buelj;
A FRIENDLY SORT O’ WAY

When a man ain’t got a cent, an’ he’s feelin’
kind of blue,

An’ the clouds hang dark and heavy,
woun t let the sunshine through.

It’s a grand thing my brethern, for a fellow
just to lay

His hand upon your shoulder in a friendly
sort o’ way.

It makes a man feel curious: It makes the tear-
drops start,

An' yousort o’ feel a flutter in the region o’
your heart.

You can 't look up and meet his eyes :
don t know what tosay

When his hand is on vour sheulder in a
friendly sort 0" way

Oh the world’s acurious compound with its
honey and its gall,

With its cares and bitter crosses; but a good
world after all.

An’ a good God must have made it—leastways
that’s what I say .

Whena hand rests on yourshoulderina
friendly sort o way.

an’

You

—Selected.

