---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_063.jpg
---
SAID TO BE FUNNY

Let us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 25,

“I just blew two-bits for
brush,’” boasted Blink.
old ’un,”’ said Wink.

““Naw, I'm gonna use dat fer a shoe

a toot’-
“Gimme yer

brush.”’

A typical Southern darkey, making
his first venture into the life of a ‘‘ho-
bo,”” approached the front door of a
splendid country mansion, in which was
standing the master of the house, and
his little four year-old boy, and pitifully
asked for something to eat.

‘““What ?”’ thundered the old gentle-
man as he reached for his shot gun.

“‘Hold on Pop,”” said the little fellow,
“¢you done killed six niggers, lemme kill
this one.”’

The negro fled.

‘When Jingles was a cab reporter, one
of the first principles instilled in him
was obedience to instructions, for which
he must always wait, before taking his
own initiative. This he did invariably.
One night there was a fire and no exper-
ienced man in the office to cover it, so
Jingles had his chance, and was hustled
off to report the blaze.

Several hours elapsed; the paper was
waiting to go to press, and not a word
from Jingles about the fire. Finally the
phone rang -and was answered by the
City Editor. It was Jingles, crying,
“I’m waitin’ for instructions; what’ll I
do about the fire ?

“‘Do,” yelled the maddened Editor,
“do!”” why, find the hottest part of it,
and jump in.’’

Jingles did so, and that fire has left
its crimson impress upon his head to
this day, to prove the verity of the story.

xeorge, the exercise runner, says that
these summer mornings are the real
thing, but, they get up too early.

Watermelons are quoted at 80c to $1

each. This information was gathered
for our subscribers on the firs¢ Block.

There is absolutely no truth in the ru-
mor that the managership of the Library
team, was sold for a half-pound and
three gravy rolls.

““Wouldn’t it be nice, if you had a
cow here, so that the men could have
good fresh milk every day,” said a lady
visitor last week  ‘‘Fine,’”’ said Mr. B.,
- “jf we only had a burglar-proof safe to
keep her in.”’

0952 started out one day last week,
with a package of chicklets and a barrel
of gall. In an hour he returned with
half-pound ¢‘shorts,”” five tins of Sen a
picture frame, an alarm clock and the
gall.

No  wonder society is clamoring for
protection.

Stout Lady: Would you mind opening
the window? It is rather close.
Gentleman: - Certainly not.

plies. )

Thin Lady (Alter a few moments) :
Beg pardon, but would you mind closing
that window. It is cooling us off rather
rapidly.

Gentleman :
window. )

Stout Lady (after a few more moments):
Sorry to trouble you again, sir, but really
it is stifling here.

Thin Lady: You'll oblige me by not
opening that window.

Stout Lady( turning to thin lady): You
do not like air ?

Thin Lady: I am, on the contrary, fond
of air. Freshair is necessary. But I can-
not endure sudden changes.

Gentleman (to thin lady): Here is my
coat, madam. You might wrap itaround
you while we open the window.

Thin Lady (drawing herself up stiffly):
Thank you, no!

Stout Lady: I shall die without air.
I am beginning to feel faint. You must
open that window.

Thin Lady: You must not opeun it.
Gentleman: Will you permit me to
open that window for just a moment,
madam ? (to thin lady).

Thin Lady ‘her voice growing higher);
And after that, what ?

Gentleman: After that you can settle
the question between yourselves. I am
only going to jump out of it. — Life.

(Com-

Certainly not. (Closes

Joseph Evergreen Ryan, of Chicago,
has a friend in the priesthood who has
a keen sense of humor. The priest told
Ryan about a christening at which he
officiated a short time ago.

The christening party consisted of a
proud father, the baby—a girl—the
grandfather and the rest of the folks.
'The grandfather stood nearest to the
priest during the ceremony.

““What’s the child’s name?”’ asked
the priest of the grandfather at the ap-
propriate moment.

‘I dunno,’”’ the grandfather replied.
And he turned to the father and whis-
pered hoarsely: *‘What’s its name ?”’

‘“‘Hazel,”” replied the father.

““What ?”’ asked the grandfather.

‘‘Hazel,”” repeated the father.

The grandfather threw up his hands
iu disgust.

““What d’ye think av that ?’’ he asked
the priest. ‘‘With the calendar av the
saints full av gur-rl names—an’ him
namin’ his after a nut’’

1913

w

| SOME LOCAL PICK-UPS ||

Whitey underwent an operation last
week, in which the Doctor of the Board
of Health, completely wiped out one of
Whitey’s ‘‘joints.”” Don’t worry boy,
better days coming.

Ban now playing with the Cubs, be-
lieves that variety is the spice of life.
He has been on nearly every team except
the Band, and they also would give
something to get him.

Talking about how fast news travels,
listen to this : Otto of the ninth, found
a small box, in the vicinity of the Store
House, at 9.15 A.M. Monday morning.
At 9.16 he reached his cell, and five of
his friends were waiting for their share.
But ask Otto what was in the box.

The little barber-shop on the ‘‘fourth’”’
is the only up-to-date place of its kind
in the country. Cigars, tobacco, matches
in fact anything at all is at the disposal
of the regular customers. That’s the
reason ‘‘Stony’’ of the Post Office gets
a shave two and three times a day.

Rufus and his orchestra of fifteen
stringed instruments are rehearsing re-
gularly. They are ‘‘booked solid’’ for
several seasons. Andy, is the vocalist,
and his pathetic and sentimental select-
ions are very touching. Ih, what ?

There were severalAmericans invited,
to attend the 25th Anniversary of the
German KEmperor’s reign, which was
widely celebrated in Germany. Quite
an honor, but they did’nt have much on
us; we too were all presented at Court.

Jack Rags claims that this hot weath-
er is affecting him, and causing him to
lose weight. Well 248 pounds is an aw-
ful load for one person to carry around
all the time.

A correct impersonation of Dr. Jekyl
and Mr. Hyde, can be observed during
a base ball game in which Alec is play-
ing. If his team is winning, he’s Dr.
Jekyl, but let them lose and he (Hydes)

Wonder could Cobbsteal as many bas-
es as Kggie or Stump if he had to play
ball on our grounds. :

A young man on the 8th who cannot
understand English very well was asked
who discovered America. ‘‘Warden
Mackan-tee, he quickly answered.

— Jingles.

Be ambitious. To rest content with

results achieved is the first sign of busi-
ness decay.
