---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_064.jpg
---
4

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

E. S PooLEAGUE
MWl FRet. Wl S Pct
Ninth 1 0 1000 | Band 0 0 1000
Plasterers ISOENT0008 S hed: OSSN 000
Cubs 0 0 1000 | Library 0 1 .000
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Wil PGt WasES et
Philadelphia 37 17 .68b Pittsburg 27 32 .458
New York 34 22 .607 Boston 24 32 .429
Brooklyn 30 25 .545 St. Louis 25 35 .417
Chicago 32 28 .538 Cincinnatti 21 39 .350
AMERICAN LEAGUE
‘W. I,; Pet. WS Pet!
Athletics 4315 1741 Chicago 34 31 .523
Cleveland 40 24 .625 Detroit 26 40 .394
Washington 34 28 .548 St. Louis 25 43 .368
Boston SN2 75531 New York 17 42 .288
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
WS SSE Wi Rt
Wilmington 382 17 653 Allentown 22 26 458
Harrisburg 30 18 625 York 22 26 458
Trenton 95 24 510 | Atlantic City 17 57 . 3815

GAMES TO BE PLLAYED
Next week.
Plasterers vs Ninth Cubs vs Iibrary
Band vs Stocking Shed

OPENING GAMES

(Continued from page 1)

The Rabbi umpired the game from be-
hind the pitcher’s box.

PrasrErErRs WIN

June 23

After a weeks cessation of ball-play,
and amid most salubrious couditions,
the teams came up smiling. It was im-
mediately perceptible that the Plasterers
had not been idly wasting their time,
but had taken advantage of the recess
to reinforce their team with some well
known players from other teams. No
doubt they would be glad to see the ulti-
mate issue pan out in their favor.

To-day, the Plasterers made terrible
havoc with their opponents, and appar-
ently are as much to be feared as ever.

Yaller, one of their new acquisitions,
was on the hill, and put up a great bat-
tle, and the runs they piled up were
legion.

The game was virtually finished after
the 1st inning was played. That ardent
player Andy, with his finger still in plas-
ter, was in great form, and scored very
cleverly. While we were pleased to see
him out, we nevertheless think him ill
advised to take chances so soon after his
reverse.

Iveryone of the players put in some
meritorious work, and the following
are the men who ran the score up

62 "dozen. Felix, Toney, Alec,

blush no more.

Harry and Yaller, each scored a brace;
Barber and Andy scored one each.

Eor the first time in the history of the
E. S. P. B. B. League, the old ‘War-

| rior’’ was seen taking things easy. Peo-

ple could hardly believe their own eyes,
when he was discovered smoking a
Havana, and intently watching the 9th
vs. Library contest. Doubtless he had
got wind of the great benders the Li-
brary’snew pitcher has up his sleeve.
The Stocking Shed were battered about
unmercifully, and it was grievous to see
Ducky’s bombardment culminate in ut-
ter failure. Jimmy scored on Spetz’s
hit, and that was the end of their ex-
ploit. Many times that young aspirant
has come to the rescue, and it wlll be a
sorry day for them if they ever lose his
services.

Outside of the fierce onslaught upon
the ball, the game was devoid of in-
terest, because when teams are so unev-
enly matched, as these were to-day, it
naturally follows that all interest must
be eliminated. —Henry.

FOUND

The following correspondence, evident-
ly a copy of a letter and a reply thereto,
was found on the Ninth Block. Owner
may have same by applying in person ton
this office.

My dearest Uncle :—If you could see
how I blush for shame as T am writing
thig, you would pity me. Why, because
I must ask you for the loan of twenty
five dollars, and I do not know how to
express myself, it is impossible for me
to tell you, indeed I would prefer to die.
I send you this by special delivery and
await an immediate reply. Believe me
my dearest Uncle, your most obedient
and affectionate Nephew,

Jack.

P. S.— Overcome with remorse at
what I have written, I have been pound-
ing on the door for the past fifteen min-
utes to get the Overseer, and have him
return my letter. Heaven grant that he
may lose the letter, or something else
prevent same from reaching you.

The second letter reads:

My dear Jack:—Console yourself, and
Providence has heard
your prayer. The Overseer lost your
letter.

Your affectionate Uncle,
—H. F. M.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JUNE 25, 1913

M
J

THE IRREPRESSIBLE JEW

A few years ago while cruising in
Southern waters the writer had the mis-
fortune to be in a vessel, that was fol-
lowed many miles at sea by a tremen-
dous man-eating shark. The vessel
containing besides the passengers, a lot
of Bananas, Oranges and other produce.
The shark’s actions were watched for a
considerable distance, and noting that
he was of a hungry disposition they be-
gan to feed him the produce, thinking
that then he would leave the vessel un-
molested. After everything had been
cast overboard, even including the cap-
tain’s three-legged stool, and as the
man-eater still followed, it was decided
the only way to be rid of the monster
was to feed him one of the passengers.
As none volunteered for the service, lots
were drawn for this distinction and. fell
to Ikey Goldstein, a typical New York
Je Ikey was not at all down-cast.
With a smile on his face he said he was
only too glad to go. Men, women and
children, crowded around Ikey and pro-
claimed him the greatest hero ever. After
receiving the blessings of the entire as-

semblage he leaped overboard and at
once dissapeared into the mouth of the

shark. The latter still continued to fol-
low. Seeing that serious danger was

imminent, unless something was done to
be rid of the shark the Captauin ordered
him harpooned and dragged aboard the
vessel, which was done. He was then
cut open, and all they expected to find
of poor Ikey, was a few crushed bones.
But not so, for lo, and behold, when the
shark was laid open and his stomach ex-
posed there was Ikey Goldstein, bright
as day sitting on the three legged stool,
selling bananas and oranges at five cents
a dozen. —B6290.

SPECIAL MEETING
Several other professional players are
on their way here, and due to arrive
within the present week. Naturally
there will be considerable competition
to secure their services, and in order that
no unfair advantage may be obtained
by any manager, a rule has been made,
prohibiting the signing of any player
until after he has left the receiving gal-
lery. A special meeting of the com-
mission will be held at once to confirm
this rule. The purpose of the President -
is to try and have these men signed up
by the weaker clubs to make the con-

tests more even and interesting.

