---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_065.jpg
---
FOURTH OF JULY N UMBER‘

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

VOL, 2 NO, 16,

:

Glorious Flag!

WEDNESDAY JULY 2, 1913

Heralding afar, thy message of freedom bright

To Nations great, throughout the world—

Proclaiming guardianship of the lowly and oppres’t, *

Under whose starry vigilance, o’er wrought mankind

Oh'! |
Emblem of Right, as well as Might—
Thyv fluttering folds to the winds unfurl’d, ‘

may find rest. |

Oh! may thy stars be ever, as firmly set,

As those in Heaven’s vast firmanent.

— Match.

e ST e o s e TR SR PR

FIRE CRACKERS

There will be a real ‘‘ sane Fourth’’
in MacKentieville alright, alright.

No order on the store-keeper for
Fourth of July erackers will be honored.
Application should be made to the diet
kitchen.

Among the pyrotechnics to be displayed
here will be one of an oratorical nature,

but confined to the intimates of the

Preacher, fourth gallery.

Aleck, of the boiler house promises
something brilliant in the way of vocal
fireworks to be accompanied by an extra
strong odor of brimstone.  He is an ex-
pert in this line ordinarily, and when he
exerts himself the result should be a
masterpiece.

Always use noiseless cartridges.

PRICELESS

BAND ANNIVERSARY
JULY FOURTH

n Friday next, the fourth day of

July, the E.S. P. Band will cele.
brate the fourth anniversary of its or-
ganization.

The Band is one, of which the institu-
tion may well be proud, and while op-
portunities for it to appear in public are
limited, the individual members are none
the less attentive to their practice.

Prof. A. F. Wiegandt is a strict disci-
plinarian, and that his methods are un-
questionably the proper ones, there can
be no doubt. When it is considered
how very much ‘‘raw material’’ he en-
countered at the beginning, and then
note how he has welded it into an har-
monious whole, shows both musical and
executive ability of a high order. He is
naturally very proud of the work being
done by his men, and states that he is
at all times ready to aid any of them
who are capable, and worthy who may
wish to take up music as a means of live-
lihood hereafter.

Many of the men who have formed a
part of the Band in the past, secured
a musical education while here, that has
enabled them to fill luerative positions
in the outside world, where they are
“making good.”” A ‘‘Lady Orchestra,’’
now touring the country, is composed
wholly of former inmates of a New York
prison for females. The latter statement
is made to show, that which was in many
cases, a study for mere pastime or per-
sonal gratification, has been diverted into
the more serious matter of providing a
living.

The men will have an opportunity to
hear the Band on Friday afternoon when

it will play on the Center in dual cel-

ebration of Independence Day, and its
own anniversary.

A splendid program appropriate to the
day has been arranged by Prof. Wie-
gandt, and will be found on another

page.
