---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_066.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 2, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the FEastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday July 2, 1918

Dox’r worry. Don’t be discouraged.
The world is large; the world is good.
Just how good it is to us, is determined
by just how good we are to it.

That which the world demands of us,
is work; the very best work thatis in us.
Compliance with this demand will merit,
and receive its favor. Refuse, and we
meet with it’s frowns and disfavor, but,
work of some kind we must do. So de-
termine to do your share, and do it
cheerfully, for in this way, and only in
this way, can you really be happy.

Some day we will again take a place
in the world, and when we do, by all
means let it be a proper place. A place
among men who are doing things, and
doing them right. Let the present be
considered as time alloted to us to repair
deficiencies; to learn better, the things
of which we may now have only a sup-
erficial knowledge; to learn new things of
value in the making of the world, and
in the building of a place for ourselves
in it.

We have the opportunities now.
With well conducted schools, courses in
manual training, and the practical ex-
perience to be gained in at least halt a |
dozen different trades, coupled with the
advantages to be derived from a well se-
lected library, individual instruction,
and the hearty co-operation of the offici-
als, there is no excuse for any of us, when
the time comes, why we should not re-
enter the world ably equipped to do our
share of its work.

For the man who simply will not avail
himself of epportunities fairly thrown at
him, there is positively no hope,—in’
this world at least.

MSS. Accepted —‘Hope,”” and “‘Some

Language,”” by Pliny.

mandments,”” by H. F. M.

‘“New Com-

To Mrs. Horace Fasserr, the gentle
lady who has given so many years of her
life in serious endeavor to better the
conditions surrounding penal servitude,
and to whom every one of us isindebted,
the following letter has been indited :

Eastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, July 1, 1913.
Mrs. Horace Fassett,
Philadelphia.

Dear Madam : Probably during the whole
course of your life, and among all the many acts
of benevolence you have performed, there never
wasa time when you so thoroughly and beauti-
fully illustrated your manifold generosity and
untiring energy, in ameliorating the sufferings
of the unfortunate convict, as you recently
have done in giving your valuable assistance
to the passage of the supplement to the 1911
Parole Act.

Therefore, Madam, at this auspicious moment,
we, the members of the Committee, representing
the commutation prisoners in the above institu-

tion, do on their behalf, deem it most proper

to approach you in such a manner, that you
cannot fail to be impressed with the sense of
deep gratitude, and thanks, that go out to you
from all the men who are capable of realiz-
ing what you have done for them, in this, their
hour of dire distress and need.

In this, the brilliant achievement of a life’s
work, you have performed an act of mercy, of
which you may justly be proud, and no words
of ours are adequate to convey to you, the
feeling, of the men who have, and will eventu-
ally become eligible to parole under what, we
should not err, if we called it your act.

It is our fervent, and earnest prayer, to Al-
mighty God, that you may be spared for many
years to come, in order that you may con-
tinue your good work, so that many more poor
wayward, and misguided sinners, may receive
the benefits of your benign influence and bene-
factions, and be led into the straight and nar-
rOw way.

We are convinced that the most fitting re-
turn we can offer you on this occasion, and
one that you will gladly accept is our sincere
promise, that we intend on our release, using
the word of our Master, to ‘“Go and sin no
more.’”’ We have the honor to be Madam,

Most respectfully yours,
Committee.

A man without ambition is lik= a bird
without wings. He can never s=oar in
the heights above, but must walk like a
weakling, unnoticed, with the crowd be-
low.—Walter H. Cottingham.

Shun idleness, it is the rust that at-
taches itself to the most brilliant metals.

The secvet of success is the constancy
of purpose.—Disracli.

Silence is golden.-—To speak wisely
may not always be easy,—but not to
speak ill requires only silence.

| WITH THE POETS | - |

GRATITUDE

Of the many things that we can give,
To all things animate that breathe and live,
There’s one, which in all should be imbued,
The tendency to show our gratitude.

If on the street you meet a friend,
To whom you would a fiver lend,
Just think a moment, would he pay,
That fiver back some future day.

Now while in here, there's many a lad,
That wants things from you, and wants
them bad,
It’ well and good, if you say yes,
But just say no, you’re in a mess.

-| But still should you, with open hands,

Give all that this chap demands,
There are but few, who would come back,—
Of gratitude, there is a lack.

To give to those who need, is fine,
But take this tip, and draw the line,
When someone, with a real glib tongue,
Gives that story, long since sung.

For they are far and few between,
That are really, what they seem,

Don’t judge them by the clothes they wear—
If they shine their shoes, or comb their hair.

But when some fellow, means alright,
Who does not shout, or want to fight,

| Just dig down in vour jeans’ and sa
te} J )

‘‘Here pal, just take your time to pay.”’

And on that fellow you can bet,
You need not worry him, or fret,
He’ll not be troublesome or rude,
But he will show his gratitude.
__Jingles.

AN OBSERVATION

I've noticed in getting along on the track,
In seeking life’s laurelsand premiums high,
A man can do more with a slap on the back
Than ever he does with a punch on the eye.

It makes little matter the style of the cribs
You set out to crack in the face of your foes,

More prizes will come from a dig in the ribs
Than ever were won by a whack on the nose.

In public, in private, Whateverryour field,
Wherever you labor, in hamlets or towns,
A far richer profit, life’s harvests will yield

To mortals whose smilings, outnumber their
frowns.

— . Kt Banss

At present, Charley of the Cubs, is
the only man in the League, who is ut-
terly ignoring the rules governing field
deportment, and for the sake of the
others, as well as for the game, the
President should take cognizance of his
actions in an effective way.

