---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_067.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 2, 1913

3

NINTH vs PLASTERERS

June 30 .

There was a great game of ball be-
tween the Ninth and Plasterers this af-
ternoon, which was won by the former
in the last half of the last inning, when
Yaller, the Plasterers speedy hurler,
weakened, and four runs tallied against
him. Up to this time he pitched won-
derfully good ball, striking out nine, of
the seventeen men who faced him, and
allowing only one hit, but, that one for
a home run by Eggie.

At the beginning of the sixth inning,
the score stood 1-1 with Plasterers up.
Stump hit Bill for a clean homer and
then pandemonium reigned among the

Plasterers’ rooters. Tony struck out,
Felix hit, stole around to third and
Andy knocked a beauty over the wall
and—out. _ -

In their half, the Ninth led with Bill,
who singled, and then Chef found the
ball for a clout around the bases, chas-
ing Bill in all the way. Rube singled,
stole second, coming home on Lefty’s
two-bagger, who in turn was sent in by
some one’s two-base hit. Net result four
runs. Score 5-2. 'The game was re-
markably free from errors and marked
throughout by snappy playing. Yaller
distinguished himself in the box, in the
field and at the bat, bringing in one of
the two runs of the Plasterers. Umpire
Mack. — Mitch.

BAND SLAUGHTERED

June 27 -
In a fairly well contested -game that
was badly marred by unnecessary wrang-
ling, the Cubs downed the Band to-day
by the score 7—1.
. The Musicians used both Louie and
Ban, in the box, but, the Cubs hit lgot11 of
them at will, and aided by the generally
poor work of the Band, had no trouble in

winning, hands down.
— Henry.

SHED OUTCLASSED

June 27

The Stocking Shed was helpless in the
hands of the Plasterers to-day, despite
Duckey’s heroic work in the box, and
went down and out to the tune of 8-2.

Curly pitched four innings for the
Plasterers and was ordered out of the
game in the fifth by Happy, for insult-
ing Lippy the base umpire. Yaller then
went in to finish the game, which he did
in a hurry.

BAND vs SHED

June 30

The Shed could not hold the Band
down; somehow they seemed to have a
terrific burst of speed in their playing
to-day. With Big ILouie on the mound
for the Band, and Herman, and the Rab-
bi for the Shed, there was a pitchers bat-
tle. Jimmy of the Shed had a brilliant
two-base hit, scoring two men on it, and
later scoring himself. Big Slim excel-
led for the Band, both at the bat and in
the field. The biggest sensation of the
game was Josh, sliding half-way from
second to third, amid a cloud of dust.
Later, Big Six tried the same stunt, but
he was not as slippery as Josh, and was
caught a foot from the sack. Score 6-—4
Umpires—Happy, Ken. — DBill.

LIBRARY vs CUBS

June 30
In a very fast played 8 inning game,

well contested, and without the slightest
dissension, the Cubs, after desperate
fighting, won a lucky victory from the
Library, 5—0.

The Book-worms contested every inch
of the journey, and clean up to the last
inning, the game stood 2-0 against them,
and at that stage, it was by no means a
sure thing for the Cubs.

Both teams fielded exceedingly well,
and with the exception of some wild
throwing, which virtually was the cause
of 8 runs being scored, nothing better
could have been expected. Tommy and
Yeap both pitched a good game for their
and were in great

—Henry.

LIBRARY vs NINTH

respective teams,
form.

June 27
The game between the above teams

was unavoidably delayed until 4.15, but,
at that hour it started with such a vim
that seven innings were played. within
the ensuing three-quarter hours.

Yeap made his first appearance with
the Librarians pitching against his old
team-mates, and beld them down to four
runs. The Ninth was too strong how-
ever, for the Jingle bells and though both
clubs played splendid ball, the Library
only succeeded in bringing one man a-
cross the plate. Score 4—1. Mack, the
professional umpire dispensed exact just-
ice to both teams and his associate,

John Henry looked after the bases.
— Ball.

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

Eo STESRE A G E;

. WSS B el WiSlEE et
Ninth 4 0 1000 Band 2E N5 ()
Plasterers SIS SORHIE STied 0 4 .000
Cubs SIS ORISST i bratsy; 0 4 .000

NATIONAL LEAGUE
Wi L Ret: W Jbg 120
New York 41 28 .641 Pittsburg 30 36 .455
Philadelphia 38 23 .623 Boston 27 37 .422
Brooklyn 34 28 .548 St. Louis 28 39 .418
Chicago 35 32 .522 Cincinnatti 26 41 .388
AMERICAN LEAGUE
; W. 1. Pct. W. I,. Pct.
Athletics 49 17 .742 | Boston 34 31 .523
Cleveland 42 28 .600 Detroit 28 45 .384
Chicago 40 32 .556 St. Louis 28 461 .378
Washington 38 32 .543 New York 19 47 .288
TRI-STATE LEAGUE

e Wi sl SR et W. I,o Pet
Wilmington 36 19 655 Trenton 26 29 473
Harrisburg 33 21 611 York 24 31 436
Allentown 26 28 481 Atlantic City 21 38 356

GAMES TO BE PLAYED

: Next week.
Ninth vs Stocking Shed Band vs Library
Cubs vs Plasterers

The President reports the following changes:
Yeap of the 9th, to the Library, for Eggie and
Betz, to strengthen the pitching staff of the Li-
brary and give the Ninth a good catcher and a
fast man on bases in Eggie.

Ban J, from the Cubs to the Band for Julius
the little 3rd baseman.

Dutch Herman is now with the Shed team.
A change of team may work wonders in Her-
man.

CUBS 3 BAND 0

July 1
To-day, for the third time, the Band
and Cubs met to decide the winner of

the twice-tied game of June 23. Ow-
ing to a delay in starting, only two full
innings were played, the Cubs, being
the victors, score 3-0.

Ban, for the Musicians, was very wild
and only good fielding on the part of his
associates prevented the Cubs from ad-
ding to the agony.

Herb, on the contrary, working in the
box for the Cubs, was very steady, and
struck out four of the six men, who came
up before him.

The real feature of the event, was a
brilliant cateh of a vicious drive by Tim-
my, who was seated in the grand stand,
acting as an official body-guard to three
young lady visitors. When the Poet’s
dollar-and-a-quarter ball came hurling
toward them with the velocity of a shell
from a 6 inch rapid-fire gun, Timmy,
as became a true and valorous knight, in-
terposed the whole of his 120 1bs. be-
tween the ladies and the coming danger,
deftly caught the messenger of death at
the critical moment, and hurled it back
with disdainful sang froid, while the
crowd applauded his heroism, and want-
ed him to do it over again. There was
no response to the encore. — Mutch.
