---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_068.jpg
---
4 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 2, 1913

NINTH VS LIBRARY

June 25

A game of only moderate good play,
was the product of the above contest,
and although it was anybody’s game
clear up to the finish, the Ninth were
well established on the winning side.

They used their usual strong line-up;
but they were kept fairly well in hand ;
as regards runs, by the Library.

They scored three runs, two of which
were obtained by Longy; one being a
bounding lick, and the other the outcome
of a three-bagger. Longey batting
much more consistently than he did last
season.

Although his pitching was not ‘‘of the
first water,”” he worked hard, both in
the box and at the bat, aund to him must
be attributed the victory to-day. The

other run was made by Ban, who scored
on Longy’s treble.
The result of the Librarian’s play to-

day was nil, and hardly once, except ¢

when Bob was permitted to occupy third
base, was there the slightest sign of them
scoring. Mike pitched a good game, but
a feeling of unrest was upon the whole
team. —Henry.

CUBS—BAND AGAIN TIED

June 26

The Cubs and Band came together
again  this afternoon ir an effort
to play off the tie game of June 23,
and for five fast and furious innings the
battle waged, with the honors still even,
when the man in the boiler house, blew
‘“time,”” and the score 5—5.

It was a beautiful game throughout.
Tommy and Jore of the Cubs battled
against Ban and Walt of the Band, and
neither battery showed any advantage
over the other. New England umpired
from behind the bat, and John Henry
was on the bases. The former gave the
faus a taste of the real thing in umpir-
ing, and was at all times the master of
the game.

Ban was very wild, and had it not
been for his good support, and Tommy
being almost equally as wild, there
might have been a decisive contest.

After the second inning however,
when the score stood 5—4 in favor of
the Cubs, both men settled down and
neither side scored until in the fifth,
Rodge, who had walked, came rushing
home on an error and tied the score.

The feature of the game was Jogh’s
desperate steal home, executing a pain-
ful slide over the cobbles, to the plate,
his pain disappearing with the knowl-
edge that he was “‘safe.”’

Certainly the Band stock is going up
by leaps and bounds.

PROGRAMME

July 4, 1913
2:30 P. M.

Entry March F. J. St. Clair

Greater Lansing

My Country °Tis of Thee

1. March W. P. Chambers

Chicago Tribune

2. Overture

J. Offenbach

Orpheus
3. Waliz J. Strauss
Artist's Life
4. Patriotic T. Bendix
A Day At West Point
5. Overture K. Bela

Lustspiel

6. Idyl P. Lincke

The Glow Worm

Selection
The Chocolate Soldier

O. Straus

8. Dance C. Lovenberg
The Mississippi Fling
Star Spangled Banner

Exit March Marching Through Georgia

PLASTERERS VS STOCK. SHED

June 25

With Rabbi on the mound for the
Stocking Shed, and Yaller for the Plas-
terers, they opened their second game of
the series to-day, which was very inter-
esting all through. Sharp fielding and
good hitting were demonstrated by both
sides. The Rabbi hit Aleck, the first
man up, with his first delivery, which
caused a little commotion among the
players, but he later settled down and
pitched star ball. Stump walked and
and scored on Tony’s hit, and the latter
scored on a wild pitech, which netted 2
runs for the Plasterers in the first in-
ning. Big Six would not step aside for
one of Yaller's cannon balls, and drove
1t for a home run, over the roof. In the
second inning both sides went out in or-
der. In the third inning, Felix and Jim
scored for the Plasterers, the Stocking
Shed going out in order. Ducky made
a very difficult and daring catch of a fly
in the middle of the twelfth Block door-
way, which saved another run from go-
ing home.

In the fourth inning; Jim made a
slashing triple, and scored on Harry’s

BAND TUNED UP

June 2s.

Big Louie pitched the Band to vic-
tory over the dangerous Cubs to-day in
an exciting game which was wholly a
pitchers battle. He held the Cubs down
to three scattered hits, struck out nine
of the twenty-three men who faced him;
walked one, and was going stronger at
the end of the seven innings than when
he started. Freddie was the only man
that hit him safe, to score a run.

Tommy of the Cubs did good work,
but, had poor support. TFive hits were
made off of him, four of which resulted in
runs. Big Louie driving a beautiful fly
to the wall and scoring a home run.

The Cubs started off with a three bag-
ger by Freddie, who got home by way
of Walt’s error, making the first and only
run for the Cubs. Marty the one man
given his base was the only other Cub to
reach third, though Woody tried it in
the fifth, and was caught there by Josh.

The Band gained confidence with each
succeeding inning, and showed better
team work than in any game they have
thus far played. The Cubs on the con-
trary, did not show their usual amount
of ginger, and several of their star players
were decidedly off. ‘They had a shade
the worst of the umpiring, but, even so,
they were clearly outplayed by the reju-
venated Band asshown by the score 4--1.

The Band traded little Julius for Ban
of the Cubs, to secure another good pitch-
er, and the exchange seems to have been
a good one for both teams. Dave has

also secured a prowmising playec in Read- |

ing who has the hall-mark of a' comer.

— Mitch.
e —— e et e
single, which surprised the crowd. The
Shed again went out in order.

In the fifth inning, Toney singled; Fel-
ix flied to Ducky; Mike fanned; and
Tony scored on Andie’s hit. For the
Stocking Shed, 6473 fanned; Ducky
drove a hot liner to Tony, and the Rabbi
singled. Fingers hit a two-bagger, scor-
ing Rabbi.

The 6th inning had just begun when
the whistle blew, leaving the Plasterers
victorious by the score of 6—2.

Both sides were in exceilent shape,
Yaller having 9 strike outs against Rab-
bi’s 5.  Rabbi walked one, and hit one.
Umpires, Happy—Big Jack.

—Bill.

> »: - - <~ 4 - s v G v - s .- = k eps = - - : o~ 1.', il e o o S
. A ' d e e I S e i ety 5
L et R P s b L e e A e L » 5 ’ s

