---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_069.jpg
---
“either gaining any advantage, and the

and it sounded like the 4th of July in-

DT

DEVOTE

VOL, 2 NO, 17.

S;were not again dangerous until the 4th,

CUBS vs PLASTERERS :
 when Tony beat outahitand then Curly

Bunch Hits In One Inning and%lxla(le the longest hit of the game for the
S UP Phe Came teircuit. Jack made a hit over second,

| but was out stealing home. In the 6th

L inning, Curly was hit in the stomach,
The Plasterers and Cubs fought toe to‘ancl Felix running for him scored on an

toe for three innings on Monday without

overthrow. Big Jack again hit safe, and
and Alec waiked, but Andy was looking
for Big Whitey in the crowdand the
umpire called three strikes. Both um-
pires were excellent, no complaint from
either side, Mack and Jimmy officiated.

spectators settled themselves back for a
battle from the pitcher's box, but the
fans were disappointed. In the fourth
inning, the Cubs started cannonading,
— Timmy.
stead of the 7th. A home run, a three

bagger, three singles, intermingled with
a couple of errors, and some bonehead
work on the part of the Plasterers, net-

ted/ the Cul)§ six runs, and the game.| 1, the above contest, = hich bl i
Curly was hit opportunely and did notj, 1, listless, until the game was half

piteh in his usual good form; he also had|a <344 then the teams began to get a
some difficulty in locating the plate. ’ =

Tommy was steady all the way, an

BAND vs LIBRARY

move on. With the exception of 2 run
. being scored in the second inning, noth-
though hit hard received great suppors ing of any note transpired, until the
from his team-mates. Curly struck OUtEbunching of a quantity of runs by the
8, and Tommy 7. Score 7-—3. | Band in the fourth inning. It was as

Julius hit safe in the first inning, and |, 115ws .- Josh passed to Ist, stole 2nd
also hit his head when he dove into se-|, 4 3rd, and with Ban J, who also pass-
cond base, but was left there. Jore, the ed, dashed home on Reddy’s hit; b
first up in the 4th, made everybody sit}},ter srole 2nd and 3rd, and stole home

up when he hit to right for three bases. cleverly. Owens walked, and eventually
Freddie hit a screamer through Alec at| . ..q on the Poet’s bunt. In the 7th
the rate of forty miles an hour, Scori“gginning Jool scoredton Louis eneiifice
Jore, Tommy hit to Jack for an easy out| ~} ..Jie was on the mound for the Li-
at first, but Jack threw to Curly at thil'dlbra‘ry, but we think he is taking o
to catch Freddie, and lost them both.! ..~ ‘There is no doubt his arm is not
Woody then cleaned up with a home right, and we advise a longer rest. Louis
run. But, hit safe, and Marty followed pitched a good game for the Band and

with another; But scoring. Marty SCOT- |1 apt his opponents down to one run.
ed on Herb’s out to Tony. Jack made}

: : : t Todo justice to Yeap, we declare that
a mess of Julius’s hit but Freddie ended 'y . played the whole game. Double
the agony with a fly to Alec. E

For the Plasterers: The Barber theip]a‘ys’ A e O
r the Plasterers: her, ,

Wheiyeap, Josh and Louis. Score 5—1.
first up, walked, but was out on Freddie’s| V'

pretty throw to second. The Plasterers — Henry.

O THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP
WEDNESDAY JULY 9, 1913

PRICELESS

Brilliant Game Between The Pick
of League Players

July 4

Yeap picked an *‘All Star’’ team to
put it over the Ninth block boys this
morning, with the following line-up:
Freddie, ¢; Barber, 3b; Yeap, l.f;
Tommy, p; Jore, 1st b ; Woody, 2nd b ;
Mike, s.8.5. Aleck, ~o.f.; Bang s £
The Ninth put in their regular nine,
with Bill and Augie to do the heavy
work.

The first three men up for the Ninth
went out without reaching a base. Then
the All Stars took a whack with a venge-
ance. Freddie struck out; Barber and
Yeap each singled and came home on
Jore's two bagger. Woody smashed the
ball for two bases, sending in Jore and
came home himself on Rube’s error. To-
tal for the inning and the game, 4 runs,
for throughout the remainder of the
session, despite their struggles, they were
unable to get a man across the home-
plate.

In the third, Eggie found the ball for
two bags and came in on Woody's error.
In the fifth Tommy, who had been pitch-
ing the game of his life, up to this time,
walked three men, two of whom came
home on Rube’s single. The remainder
of the game was a brilliant exhibition of
quick field work, and while the All-
Stars had a man on third upon two dif-
ferent occasions, the ‘‘pinch’’ hit was
lacking to advance them home. Follow-
ing is the result by innings:

Ninth S e S R R R R

ANl Btar= 4 07 05,0505 0t 0200 x4
Struck Out. by Bill 10; by Tommy 11; Hits,

Ninth 5, All Stars 7. Two base hits, Jore, Woody
and Eggie. Three base hits, Ban. Umpires, Mack
and Hank.
