---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_070.jpg
---
2 | THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 9, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columuns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available . Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday July 9, 1913

Troere are but few weeks elapse that
the UMPIRE does not receive one or more
communications, enclosing articles high-
ly eulogistic of the Warden, and urging
their publication in its columns.

These requests have been invariably
refused, for several reasons: (@) lack
of space; (b) similarity of subject; (¢
-questionable propriety.

We feel quite sure that the Warden
understands, and fully appreciates the
kindly motives which prompt those vn-
der his care, to give expression to their
feelings 'of gratitude, but any publicity,
of this kind, so frequently requested, we
are equally sure, would prove only an
embarassment to so modest a gentleman-

To those of our correspondents, who
find their emotions of gratitude and ad-—
miration, in this connection, reachirg the
point of bubbling over, we suggest a per-
sonal letter to the Warden, as a most
proper, and effective outlet for their sur-
charged feelings.

It is a pleasure to note the high charac-
ter of the work now being done for the E.
S: P. League by Mack, the new umpire,
who but recently registered with us.
He has shown a thorough familiarity
with the many intricacies of the game;
‘unquestionable honesty in his decisions,
and the ability to control the players,
without incurring their ill-will.  He
should be given the consideration that
is his due by everyone interested in the
success of our league.

Managers should act promptly in as-
serting their authority to prevent dis-
putes between any of their players and
the umpire. Upon at least two oceas-
ions last week, there were heated argu-
ments between one of the Cubs and Hap-
py, the umpire.

Admitting the provocation was great,
the player was clearly in the wrong, and

usurping the duty of the manager,
when he started his argument with Hap-
py. The latter has made many errors,
but, they were ‘‘of the head, not the
heart,”’ and his decisions, or in fact, the
decisions of any umpire, if questioned,
should be done o, quietly and without
bitterness. = The least we can do for
these men, in lieu of salary, is to show
respect for the positions they hold.

Mrs. HorAcr Fassrrr, has sent the fol-
lowing letter in reply to the communi-
cation addressed to her last week by a
committee representing the men, which
was published in our issue of July 2:

Chestnut Hill,
July 4, 1913.
To the Committee :

The beautiful letter I re-
ceived through you in behalf of all ‘‘my boys,”’
has touched me deeply, and I thank you from
my heart, one and all of you, for its many ex-
pressions of kindness, for what was to me, a
work of the greatest pleasure. I assure you
that your hearts and hope were not more anxious
than were mine. And when the‘‘Bill,”’ became
an assured fact, and as you all wanted it, not
one of you could possibly have been happier,
and more thankful, than I was, as it has been
in my thoughts and prayers, for these many
long days and nights.

And now boys the time is coming, when you
will again go forth into the world, to take up
its burdens, and sorrows. Do try to mean to
be something. You can if you will. And re-
member always that the greatest sorrow you
can bring to e, will be to hear that you have
returned to your old lives; and the greatest joy,
to know that you are good men and true, in
every seunse of the word.

Boys be strong, and of a good courage, be
not afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for ‘‘the
Tord thy God will be with thee whithersoever
thou goest.” My best love and wishes go with
this to you all.

Faithfully Vours,

Mother Fassitt,

Yaller has entirely recovered from
his recent sudden illness, and will soon
be able to resume his place in the box
for the Plasterers. Heis a quiet, steady,
conscientious worker, who has earned
many friends.

Prof. Wiegandt has secured the second
floor of the Stocking Shed building for
use as a Band room. Itisa great im-
provement over the old quarters, in the
matter of light, room and favorable
acoustics. The men are equally as well
pleased with the new surroundings as
the Band-master.

| WITH THE POETS ||
BASE-BALL NUT

He really didn’t know just how the Yankees conquered
Spain.
And FEdgar Allen Poe to him was new:
If you asked him-—well, he couldn’t tell the history of
the Maine;
How Napoleon had met his Waterloo;
He had traveled all through college, and he knew with
all his knowledge,
That in life he was nothing but a boobh.
But with all his faults at learning, and his aptitude at
earning,
He knew the greatest batter’s name was—-RUBE,

To him the siege of Gettysburg was nothing but1 a
myth :
He never knew that Bryan’s name was I ill;
He wouldn’t stand for Shakespeare, and he never
bothered with
Thomas Fdison, or other men of skill:
Bob Fitzsimmons was a piker, Hetty Green, he didn’t
like her,
Teddy Roosevelt-—well he thought was rather early.
But he’d probably astound you, yes, he’d hammer and
propound you,
With the lightening pill propensities of---CURI,Y

His taxes weren't settled, and he never went to vote,
It really was a waste of precious time;
He simply couldn't see, why the smile on Qualker Oats,
Didn’t have instead, a funny base-ball rhyme:
At golf he couldn’t revel, and at races, on the level
Say, he didn’t know a race-horse from an ape,
But for all his ways erratic, he contained within his attic,
The biography of GEORGE WASHINGTON YEAP.
(I, envoi)
Thus he drifted on through life, and in the good old
summer time,
His existence on this earth was like a dream,
And at night when all was over, he would picture in _hig
min
Slippery Jordan, pickin' balls from off the screen;
Yellow Waguner, Iittle Freddie, ILongie and Big Jack—
Breakfast, dinner, supper ; morning, noon and night,
Thus he raved until they got him, and safely took bhim
ack
To his number twenty-two, in the third block on the
right.
—Adapted.

WHATSA DA NAME

Hey! Joe, dis is onea greata da pris,
We gotta da Ward, who knowa da biz,
He is whata you call, da basea ball fan,
And he is pretty gooda, to evera onea man.
You betcha da life, I gona tell;
Howa da Ward letta the boys gonea outa da
cell.
Onea timea da weeka we gonea out;
Every timea a bigga da crowd.
We gonea out to seea da gamea, all right,
And nobody makea da troub, or da fight,
So justa be gooda fellow,
It’sa nocosta da cent; '
To justa showa you tank, Mr. Boba Mc. Kent.
Mistaire Edit :—
Please no takea da fit,
When disa fuolish piecea you git,
You please giva da name, cause I dono whata to
call}
But I justa craze abouta Basea-Ball.

—B. 6171,

HOPE
1t is better to hope, though the clouds hang low,
And to keep the eyes still lifted,
For the bright blue sky will still peep through,
When the ominous clouds are rifted.
There is never a night without a day,
Or an evening without a morning;
And the darkest hour, as proverbs say,
Is the hour before the dawning.

Far better to weave in the web of our life
A bright and fearless filling,

And keep up ‘“‘Hope,” with a steady heart,
And hands thatare steady and willing,

Than to snap the delicate minute threads
Of our curious lives asunder, .

And then blame others for the tangled end,
And sit and curse and wonder.

| - —Pliny.

B T R e o e~ IR N )

