---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_071.jpg
---
SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for .occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Modesty is a relative term of widely
consistent interpretation; as for instance:
—Freddie, aged 5, vainly hammers on
the bedroom door for admittance, ‘‘but
you mustn’t tum in Freddie,”” expostu-
lates Nellie aged 3, from within. ‘I
just dotup, an mamma says girls mustn’’
let little boys see ’em with their
nightie on, but’’—and only a moment
intervenes when, having solved the prob—
lem satisfactorily she adds, ‘“You can
tum in now, I’ve took it off.”’

MacKentieville now boasts a real
blonde ¢‘Public Stenographer and Type-
writer,””” who is up-to-the-minute and
some peach. Chews gum, smokes cigar-
ettes, and ‘‘don’t wear any rats in the

‘ hair, because there isn’t any hair to

wear,’’ but, the real thing just the same.

A Russian singer noticed o man’s legs
protruding from under his bed recently,
while taking an early morning shave.
Desiring to notify his wife, in an adjoin-
ing room, without alarming the burglar,
he calmly stropped his razor, and sang in
his native language:

““Fear not dear wife, but listen to me,

And do not lose your head,

Make a break for a cop, as soon as you can,
There’s a burglar under the bed.”

«‘But is this parrot a good bird? I
mean, 1 hope he doesn’t use dreadful
language,’”’ said the purchaser. Sile’s
a saint, lady,”’ replied the dealer. ‘‘He
sings hymns beautiful. I had some par-
rots wot used to swear something awful,
but, if you’ll believe me lady, that bird
converted the whole lot.”’

«“When I was catching for the New
York Giants in nineteen ten,’’ said Jin-
gles, ‘I had a narrow escape. A ball
just grazed my head.”’

«“Well, there’s no danger of that kind
now,’’ observed Andy, ‘‘for ther’s noth-
ing there to graze, that’s noticeable.”’

Hubby— (encouragingly to wife, who
is rocking the baby. ) “‘Remember, Ma-
ria, ’the hand that rocks the cradle, rul-
es the world’.”’

Wife—“Well suppose you come in
and rule the world a little while, I'm
tired.”’ |

THE UMPIRE,

PLASTERERS SHU O I

July 2.
The best game of the season was play-

_|ed to-day, between the above teams, re-

sulting in the Plasterers shutting out
the Ninth. It was a well played, clean
game, with only one error throughout.
The Barber of the Plasterers was the
first man to face Bill, and he singled on
the firse ball pitched, stole second and
third, and came home on Stump’s two-
base hit, making the only run of the en-
tire game. Curly was on the slab for
the Plasterers, and pitched the best ball
that has been seen in here this season.
Bill also pitched in excellent shape, but
could do nothing with the sluggers that
played behind Curly. The sensational
play that Lefty pulled off, in the form of
a triple, was, without a doubt, the best

and only one of its kind, seen here, this|
He caught a fly ball, over the |

year.
roof, from Andy’s bat, retiring him, ran
over to second, catching Felix, and then
threw Tony out.

The best hits of the game were as fol-
lows :—3 base hits, Lefty; 2 base hits,
Lefty, Jack, Stump, Tony and Andy.

The credit of the game should go to
Curly, as he accepted three chances on
singles, with two down, and a man go-
ing home each time. He never for a
moment lost control, and played the first
bag each time, retiring the side, and
discounting the runs.

Each of the pitchers had fives strike-
oubs to his credit.. Kggie played fast
ball for the Ninth at short, getting sev-
eral foul balls off the wall, but failed at
the bat when runs were needed. Mike
also shared in the foul balls, accepting
three. Andy caught excellent ball be-
hind the bat. - Cap, together with Felix,
excelled in the field, in holding down
fly balls out by the Burnery. The
one-time invincible Longie fanned each
time he came up, doubtless due to an
eagerness to make a home-run record,
when a bunt or a sacrifice was the play.
Final score,1—0. Umpires, Mack ; Jack
and Lippy.- — Bill.

The “Bakelite’’ pipe comes in three
styles. No. 1, straight stem, No. 2,
curve, and No. 3, medium curve. They
may be ordered according to mnumber.
All are “‘push’’ stems, and the newest
patterns

WEDNESDAY JULY 9, 1913 ; 3

WHO’S WHO
In MacKentieville,

Who smokes cigars from sun to sun,
and says a farmer’s work is never dore?
Who knows all plants from “A to Iz
zard,”’ and just which one’s best for your
poor gizzard ? Who works a ‘‘con” for
all it’s worth, to keep you lugging him
loads of earth, in which he may dig, and
plant his vines, to grow the stuff upon
which he dines. Who writes up base-
ball, to only knock it,—why, that Hin-
glish gent, that Mister— —

CUBS AND LIBRARY TIE

July 2.
The combination of a heavy downpour

of rain, acting in conjunction with John
Henry, deprived the Library of what
should have been a well earned victory
to-day.

Tommy and Freddie of the Cubs were
opposed by Carter and Beef Trust of the
Librarians. Both pitchers twirled only
ordinary ball and had it not been for
the splendid support accorded them, the
game would have been decidedly more
prolific in the matter of runs.

In the first inning, Yeap scored the
only run for the Librarians, stealing
home by a bold dash, only made success-
ful by its effrontery.

For flve innings the Cubs only suc-
ceeded in landing two men on third base,
but, in the sixth, Freddie walloped out
a home run, tieing the game. A potrtion
of the seventh inning was played, in
which Tommy scored, by the grace of
the umpire. A heavy rain came up in
the meantime, and while play was con-
tinued until the Library had two men
out and a man on second, the downpour
refused to be ignored, and John Henry
called the game, which reverted back to
to the sixth inning, when the score was
1—1. — Mitch.

Poet, to his wife, awakening at mid-
night with an inspiration.—‘‘Git up,
quick, D’ve just thought of a good word.”’
““Oh, go to sleep,’”’ replied his wife petu-
lantly, I’ve just thought of a mighty bad
word.”’

The education gained in that excellent
school, Experience, is one we are not
likely to forget. — Cutty.

FOUND—A pen-knife. Owner may
have same by proving property. Apply
to Doe, Engine-room.

