---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_072.jpg
---
4 - THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 9, 1913

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING
TO DATE

E. S. P. LEAGUE
EcH |

Wil Weel, Pehl
Cubs (5 i ol Band A o sl
Ninth 6 il 857 Shed 1+ 6 143
Plasterers AR 3r S is Tl B SR b ra Ty 0= 7000

NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. L. Pct. | W. I. Pet.

New York 48 28 .676 Pittsburg 35 38 .479
Philadelphia 41 27 .603 St. Louis 31 42 .45
Chicago 40 35 .533 Boston 30 41 .423
Brooklyn 35 384 .507 Cincinnatti 28 48 .368
AMERICAN LEAGUE

AW B s WLt e Pet
Athletics 54 19 .740 | Boston 36 36 .500
Cleveland 48 29 .623 | St. Louis 32 50 .390
Washington ' 42 34 .553 Detroit 30 50 .37s5
Chicago 42 36 .538 New York 21 BI' 1,202

TRI-STATE LEAGUE

Wi, 2 Pebi W SL B Ct
Wilmington 39 22 639 Allentown 30 30 500
Harrisburg 36 26 581 York 27 34 422
Trenton 32 30 516 | AtlanticCity 22 44 333

GAMES TO BE PLLAYED

Next week.
Band vs Ninth Stocking Shed vs Cubs
Plasterers vs Library

The President reports decisions and changes
as follows :(—

Protested game of July 2, Library and Cubs,
sustained. Game played off July 5.

Jimmy late of Library team, signed as offi-
cial umpire.

New players signed:—6427 and 5864 with Li-
brary. 6384 and 6070 with Shed. 6684 with
Plasterers. 6725 to captain Library team.

NINTH vs PLASTERERS

July 3

A game, devoid of interest after the
first inning had been negotiated, was
played to-day between the above teams.

Longy, fresh from a good rest was
pitted against the old ‘“War Horse' .
His pitching was somewhat wild, but
one way or another their opponents were
held down to nil. Curley was in good
form, but weakened a little at times.
The fielding on both sides was good,
Rube, John and Augie made home run
swats. Timmy, Eggy and some one efsé,
each scored, Rube tripled, and Augie
doubled.

For the Plasterers, the Barber got to
third and faded; Alec got to third exceed-
ingly clever, and fooled Longy in the
passing. With all his cuteness he was
immediately caught trying to get away
with a practical impossibility. Through-
out the whole combat, no exciting situa-
tion presented itself. With the excep-
tion of one hit which materialized on
error, Longy pitched a no hit, no run
game. Result 6-0 favor of Ninth,

—Henry

STOCKING SHED vs BAND
July 2

The Stocking Shed is a much stronger
team than when we last saw them out,
and to-day they toyed with the Band in
such admirable style, that at the finish
they had registered another shut-out to
their credit. Their new twirler ‘“The
Rabbi”’ officiated in a most creditable
manner, and put them over squarely in
the groove. Their batting was excellent,
and in the field they were as nimble as
cats on hot bricks. Big Six was in fine
form, and as well as scoring, doubling
and érebling with terrific clouts and
bringing in several runs, he made two
bold bids for victory, but was thrown out
at the plate. 'The seven runs were sub-
scribed by Jimmy (2,) Fingers (2,)
John, Big Six, and the reliable Midget
Spetz.

Louie pitched for the Band but it was
evidently not his day to shine. He is-
sued several free passes, which in some
cases led up to runs.

Josh by extremely quick fielding,
caught Big Six within a foot of the dise.
Baltimore trebled and faded and but for
that play, the Shed allowed them noth-
ing resembling a run.

Rain came and caused a hurried re-

treat leaving the game stand 7-0 favor
of Stocking Shed.

—Henry.

LIBRARY LOSE TO CUBS
July s.

The Cubs and Library met this after-
noon to determine the winner of the tie
game of last Wednesday, and the result
was in favor of the former, by the score
T—4.

The feature of the game was Carter’s
home-run, the first since last season,
when he was a persistent swatter. Yeap
also hit the ball for a merry-go-round
and Beef Trust banged out a triple.
The Librarians were leading up to the
fifth inning, when the Cubs woke up
and potted out six runs in the next 4 in-
nings. The Bookmen landed a run in the
ninth, but, could do nothing to alter the
result. Umpires: Mack and Happy.

Big Six, the Shed’s catcher, who has
been transferred several times this sea-
son, was finally released this morning to
Connie Mack’s bunch of beauties.

BAND 3 SHED 2

July 3 4

Despite several doubtful decisions by
the two umpires, the Band got away
with its game with the Shed, to-day by
the score 8-2.

Neither Ducky or Ban, the opposing
moundsmen got down to real work until
the third inning, at which time the game
was won and lost; there being no other
tallies throunghout the remainder of the
session.

Asg they stand at present, these teams
are almost evenly matched, and any
series in which they take part together
should prove interesting, even if they do
lack brilliancy. — Mutch.

NINTH EAT DUCKLINGS

July 7

Our own Dauntless Ducky, led his
little band of untried heroes out to-day
to meet the gory-handed Ninth phalanx
in mortal combat. One look at that
grim body of veteran warriors was enough
for the Shedites, however, for then their
nerve began to ooze out, and perhaps is
still a oozing.

When the clouds of battle had lifted,
a portion of the Ducklings were still to
be seen; others had fled, but, unfortu-
nately the two umpires, Jack and Happy
survived the onslaught, though at times
their situation was most precarious.
The carnage was dreadful, and the toll a
sad one. Ninth 7 Shed 0.

—Jﬁtch. :

JINGLE BELLS NOT INIT

uly 3
: The Cubs gave the Library another
gentle shove toward the bottom, to-day
when they defeated the Jingle bells by
the score of 6—2. The Cubs' simply
toyed with their opponents and won as
they pleased. The Library is badly
handicapped by the lack of able pitchers,
and until this defeot is remedied, must
be satisfied to hug tight to last place.
Jingles, their manager, makes a pathetic
plea for both pa.tience‘a,nd encouragement
on the part of the fans, and prophesies
that his men will yet make good.

— Bill.

Time is money. Welcome is that vis-

itor who appreciates the value of anoth-
er’s time,

i

ghatadiaba 2h o i o
