---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_074.jpg
---
2 THE

UMPIRE WEDNESDAY JULY 16 1913

HE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the FEastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

B 65691 : Editor

Wednesday July 16, 1913

THERE are many thousands of unem-
ployed men walking the streets of every
large city to-day, bitterly deploring the
lack of ever an ordinary education, which
they know is the real cause of their piti-
able condition.

A large percentage of these men are
physically incapable of competing a-
gainst their more robust fellows, when
the foreman is selecting his men, to take
up even the hard rough work of unskill-
ed labor. Hence they are thrust aside,
and will ever be.

The man of brawn without an educa-
tion of some sort, seldom arises above
that station claimed by the common la-
borer.

For the man who is wanting in both
education and brawn, there is no room
in this busy world; he is ruthlessly
crowded to the wall, and in all too many
instances, he is even forced through the
wall into such a community as this one,
of which we form a part. These men
never had a chance. It may have been
through their own lack of appreciation
of the importance of an education, or
again it may have been through nofault
of their own. But wherever the blame,
he would be a man beyond hope, were
he to fail to grasp the opportunity when
it is again offered to him,

A strong commendation of the intelli-|.

gence of the men here, lies in the state-
ment, that nearly five hundred of them
are now receiving instructions in both
elementary and advanced courses in
English, and better yet, that tully ninety
five per cent of them are making rapid
advancement, reflecting credit upon the
efforts of Mr. Bonsall, the instructor and
the men who are cheerfully giving their
aid in assisting their fellows in
ing an education.

The elementary course includes, read-
ing, writing, arithmetic, geography and

obtain-

history, and this is supplemented by
higher courses in mathematics and gram-

mar in the Mentor Correspondence
School. In the latter, the men are re-
ceiving individual instruction in the

studies they elect, and upon the comple-
tion of the full course, are awarded cer-
tificates of graduation. Many men have
attained, and others are now striving for
this honor, and only recently diplomas
were granted to 5570, 4591, 5493, 5631,
5402, 5577 and 5719. One man, B 5570
went through the entire course without
a single failure, attaining a (ﬂaduatmo
average of 100 per cent.

This educational work is going on
throughout the year, and any man with
the slightest adaptability may make
wonderful progress within this short
time, if he only will. The officers are
certainly doing their part, and doing it
well. In return, they only require earn-

est application on the part of the men,]|
for with that, they know the results will
be favorable,—and it is for favorable
results that they are working.

NEW COMMANDMENTS

These are commandments new and Ten.
Which wives lay down to married men:
I—Remember that I am thy wife,

Whom thou must cherish all thy life,
Sure Thing.
IT—Remember ‘tis thy duty clear,
To dress me well throughout the year.
Of course, dear.
III—My cooking thou shalt not despise,
And shall with pleasure praise iny pies.
We'll see.
1V—My shalt strive to
please,
And let her live with us in ease,
My, Oh! My.
V—It shall be thy duty mild and meek,
To give me thy wages every week.
Oh, the nerve.
VI—Thou shalt not flirt, but mmust allow,
Thy wife this privilege anyhow.
More nerve.
VII—Thou shalt get up when baby cries,
And try the child to tranguilize.
Oh! my.
VIII—Thou shalt not be a drinking man,
But live on the Prohibition plan.
What next?
IX—Thou shalt not stay out late at night,
When clubs and lodges do invite.
Women dare never vote.
X-—Friends thou shalt number very few,

mother thou

Allmust be handsome, sincere, and

true. That’s us.
These my commandments from day to
day,

Implicitly thou must obey.
B6290.,

|| WITH THE POETS ||

SOME LANGUAGE

begin with a box,
bhoxes,

We’ll but the plural is

But the plural of ox should be oxen, not oxes;

Then one fowlis goose, but two are called
geese,

Yet the plural of mouse, should never be meese;

If the plural of man is always called men,

Why shouldn’t the plural of pan be called pen?

If I speak ofa foot and you show me your feet,

And I give you a boot, would a pair be called
beet?

If one is a tooth, and a whole set are teeth.

Why shouldn’t the plural of booth be called
beeth ?

If the singular is this, and the plural is these,

Should the plural of kiss be nicknamed keese ?

Then one may be that, and three would be
those,

Yethat in the plural would never be hose,

And the plural of cat, is cats, not cose.

We speak of a brother, and also of brethern,

But the’ we say mother, we never say methern.

The masculine pronouus are he, his and him,

But imagine the feminine, she, shis and shim.
So the English, I think, you all will agree,
Is the dod-rottish language, you ever did see.

— Pliny.
WILL SOMEONE TELL ME

Sometime ago, I thought how fine,
"Twould be to getateam in line,
That really knew just how to play.
Will someone tell me, does it pay:

The first day came, my pitcher fell,
For many days, he wont be well.

My other star, his finger broke,

Will someone tell me where's the joke?

I traded Fggie for Yeap, you know,
And he’s the boy that sure can throw,
But he’s all in, this awful heat,

Will someone tell me, can this be beat?

My other players are O. K.,

To field and hit they know the way,
But somebow we can’t win a game,
Will someone tell me am I to blame?

The Ninth they surely had to fight,

They played the game with all their might.
My boys, they too, were on the spot.

Will someone tell me, how to get on top?

The Cubs were next, we thought we'd win,
But we got ‘“‘ours’’, it wasa sin,

We simply could not hit that Teal,

Will someone tell me, how I feel?

Last week I hoped for better luck,

For ’twas the Band, that we did buck,
But again we lost, now for goodness sake,
Will someone tell me where’sa lake?

But after all is said and done,

Just stick around, and watch the fun;

If we don’t finish, one-two-three, :
Will somieone tell me, where we’ll be?

—Jingles.

o o s S b e

B R (T IR oy

N R R e N o T AN e LT Y,

i.

