---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_075.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 16,

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

In the School-room—

Mr. Bonsall:—Sammy, if your father
borrowed $50 and agreed to pay it back
at the rate of $6 a month, how long
~would it take him to pay?

Sammy:—(confidently) It’d take him
all his life, and den some more.

Mr. Bonsall:—Beat it back to
cell, quick. You're the limit.

Sammy:—(sadly) Ah, Teechur, you
don’ know my fadder. —B 6290.

your

Some Summer Dont’s observed in
MacKentieville :

Don’t mix your drinks.

Don’t drink liquor after eating.

Don’t drink liquor befor eating.

Don’t eat meat and drink milk at the
same meal.

Don’t hurt anybody’s feelings; they
might hurt back.

Mrs. Talkington—Tell me the truth,
Henry, have I a rival ?

Mr. Talkington—Only the phonograph,
my love.

WHO'S WHO
In MacKentieville.

Who is the man who mends our clock,
and has a mortgage on the Seventh block?
Who’ll take a watch or clock apart, just

to show you, he is some smart? Who
sometimes sends it back to you, minus
just a spring or wheel or two? Who

when you ask, where are those wheels,
just simply smiles and turns on his heels ?
Who fixes ’em all, no matter the make?
Why that gent from Chermany, dot
Herr Dutch Jake. —ASpider.

——

Tae UMpPIRE is a great advertising
medium. In response to a little three
line notice in last week’s issue, exactly
452 applicants for the lost pen-knife have
been received to date by Doc, and they
are still a coming.

Send in your copy early.

Wanted— About fifty cats. Must be
good ratters and mousers; thorough-
ly house-broke, and guaranteed to
stay home atnights. Good chance for
families going away for the summer, to
have their pets cared for free. Apply
Boiler House.

CUBS vs PLASTERER

July 9
Speculation was rife on the stable

ground to-day, when the above teams
met to determine whether the passing
into oblivion of one of our erstwhile
champions, was to be, or not to be.

A great battle was fought and the
Plasterers did not relinquish their hold
without a severe tussle.

Curly pitched in his usual style, and
the Plasterers played as well as usual,
but the fact of the matter is, the Cubs
of the past, is an entirely different pro-
position, to that of the present day, and
the disparity between the teams was very
apparent.

Tommy was on the hilland pitched a
masterful game, and crashed in some
choice openings. Freddie their catcher,
rushed into fame by his exceptional good
work, and he once made a marvelous
catch, with one hand, off the stable wall.
Notwithstanding the great-fight that
both sides put up, there never was at
any time any uncertainty about the is-
sue.

It was an ominous signal to the Plas-
terers when the goats rushed onto the
diamond to witness the last act in the
drama.

In the second inning, Freddie, Woody
and Jore scored, which placed the Cubs
in an enviable position.

In the fourth inning, Butt scored on
Stewarts hit. TFreddie also slammed the
ball for a triple and faded, and Butt

doubled in the last inning, but was

caught stealing third.

So well did the young Spartans acquit
themselves that, with the one exception
stated above, no Plasterer got as far as
third base. Umpire, Mack. Result 4—0

favor of Cubs. — Henry.

* * * * * *

And then I think it is not strange
That men who live in jails are bad
The Walls are made so high and gray

It is enough to make them sad
And I dont think in all the world
Wouléd be a naughty child notone
Or grow up into wicked men
If they could have the morning sun.

—1T. A. Daly.

It doesn’t matter very much, if he is
wicked, poor and sad, and bears the
curse of prison touch, and a record soiled
and bad, to some one true, he’s dear and
good, her friendship never wanes, for she
knows the color of the wood, that lies
hid beneath the stains.

—DB 6290,

1913

w

SHED LOSE AGAIN

uly 9
! };Flle Ninth and Shed crossed bats for
the second game of their series to-day,
and fought for eight full innings. 'The
Shed went down to defeat but there is
nothing to reproach them with. Eggié,
the first man to face Ducky, drove the
ball for a two-bagger, and crossed the
plate on Lefty’s sacrifice, later on he had
a home run, and a single, to his credit,
scoring two of the four runs for the
Ninth. Smithy also had a home run, and
a two-bagger, to be added to his average.
Lefty and Cap, each fell off in their bat-
ting. a3 neither had a hit during the
game. John, a new man, excelled for the
Shed, at the third sack, also having a
three-bagger, and a single to his credit.

Ducky, and Longie, both pitched gilt-
edge ball, having seven strike outs a
piece. John Henry officiated behind
the bat, assisted on the bases by Ken.
Score, Ninth 4, Shed 0. — Bull.

THE TWO BOOTBLACKS
(To be read fast.)

Two bootblacks, one white and one
black, were standing on a corner doing
nothing, when the white bootblack
agreed to black the black bootblack's
boots.

The black bootblack was willing to
have his boots blacked by his fellow
bootblack, and the bootblack who agreed
to black the black bootblack’s boots
went to work.

When the bootblack blacked one of
the black bootblack’s boots, the boot-
black who agreed to black the black
bootblack’s boots refused to black the
other boot of the black bootblack unless
the black bootblack, who consented to
have the white bootblack black his boots,

Ishould add five cents to the amount the

white bootblack made blacking other
men’s boots.

This the bootblack whose boots had
been blacked refused to do, saying he
didn’t care whether the boot that the
bootblack had’nt blacked was blacked or
not.

This made the bootblack who blacked
the black bootblack’s boot angry as a
bootblack often gets, and he spit upon
the blacked boot of the black bootblack.

This roused the passions of the black
bootblack, and he proceeded to boot the
white bootblack with the boot which the
white bootblack who had refused to
black the unblacked boot of the black
bootblack, blacked the black bootblack’s
visionary organ, and in which the black
bootblack wore all the blacking off his
blacked boot in booting the white boot-
black. —Selected.
