---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_076.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 16, 1913

————— e e e

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

_+7.
F. Stk LEAGUE
WP oti Wi Bt
Ninth 9 1 .900 | Band DS B Es00)
Cubs 8 2 .800 | Shed == SO0
Plasterers 6 4 .600 | Library 1SRN 00
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. L. Pct, WS ERct
New York 58 24 .688 Brooklyn 36 39 .486
Philadelphia 44 30 .59 St. Louis 32 48 400
Chicago 4388 1531 Boston 34 44 .436
Pittsburg 40 39 .506 Cincinnatti 31 51 .378
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Vil JBsIEEEs W Ret
Athletics 58 23 .716 | Boston 39 41 .488
Cleveland 50 33 .602 St. Louis 36 53 .404
Washington 46 37 .55+ | Detroit 3D 54 .393
Chicago 47 39 .547 New York 24 55 .303
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
it IWEET, - Pet; Wi, I,: Pct
Wilmington 45022 =672 Allentown 31 34 477
Harrisburg 37 30 552 York 31 36 463
Trenton 35 33 5l5 Atlantic City 24 48 333

GAMES TO BE PLLAYED
: Next week.
Library vs. Stocking Shed Plasterers vs Band
Ninth vs Cubs

The President reports the following :

Hearing of protested game of July 11. Lib-
rary vs Band, in dispute as to player 6582, to be
heard July 17.

Yeap, from Library to Band, in exchange for
Ban J.

Library has released 6673, 5128, 6085, 5627,
5842, 6348 and 5863.

Umpires have been ordered to call a batter
back to first base if his team mates endeavor
to coach from the field; all coaching must be
from the side lines, at first and third bases. In-
fractions of the rule will be penalized.

Resignation of Happy, umpire, accepted with
extreme regret, in view of the effective work
he has done for the League, since its inception.

WHY DID BROWNIE QUIT ?

Beginning shortly, the readers of the
UwmpIRE will learn why Brownie, one of
the clever carpenters employed by Mr.
Gillespie, quit playing in the Yanigan-
Mutt game on Tuesday. If present
plans with the Editor of the UwMPIRE
materialize, three chapters will be print-
ed each week. He says his story will
run for fifteen weeks, twelve of which
will be devoted as to what he thinks of
Kel as a pitcher. Brownie played error-
less ball, not having his hands on it
once. At one time he was playing first
base surrounded only by his whiskers,
but Kel threw to him to catch a runner,
and Brownie got mad, and told Kel nev-
er to throw anything at him again. He
walked once and stole second, and was
a foot away from third, when he evident-
ly forgot something and went back to
second for it. An elderly man, about 70
years of age, played third base for the
Yanigans in a remarkable manner.

The game was umpired by Tommy, of
the Cubs, who between bites off of a
sandwich, announced his decisions. A
rooter for the Mutts claimed that the
sandwich was given to the umpire by
Quig., but this, a rooter of the Yanigans
stoutly denied; insisting if the Kid had a
sandwich he would eat it himself.— Tim.

PLASTERERS WIN A GAME

July 1L
The concluding game of the series be-

|tween the Cubs and Plasterers was play-

ed this afternoon, before an immense
crowd, and while the former put up a
magnificent battle, the Plasterers bunch-

-led their hits in the last half of the fifth
40 linning and mnosed out a victory by the

score of 4—3.
The game was played with the spirit

¢land dash that keeps alive enthusiasm,

and is successfully popularizing base ball

303 [all over the world.

The clubs put in Tommy and Freddie,

_|as opposed to Tony and Jack for the
| Plasterers, in the battery line, and they

did effective work. Tony only struck
out 4 men to Tommy's 8, while 5 hits were
made off of the former, and 9 off of T'om-
my. Both teams fielded with but few
errors and played like professionals.
The Plasterers started the run-mak-
ing in their half of the second, when
Aleck singled, and came home on a
passed ball. In the fourth, Jack hit,
stole around to third, and reached the
plate, through Aleck’s single. In the
fifth, Yaller hit safe, and Aleck doing
the running for him was driven in by
Tony’s beautiful three-bagger; then Felix
singled, bringing Tony home, but, died

at the third when Jack hit out.

The Cubs did their work in the run
factory in the fourth inning, when Tony
grew wild, passed two men, and alloswed
four hits. Jore singled, Freddie and
Woody walked, and all three came home
on a beauty, driven by Tommy, over the
new printing office for two bags, but,
who was later caught at the plate himself.

The result was in doubt until the last
man was out, and the entire game went
through without a single discord. Mack
and Jimmy attended to the umpiring,
and did it well. —Mitch.

SHED LOSE 3 STRAIGHT

uly 11

: It was no hard matter to obtain a seat
in the grand stand to-day to see the
combat between the 9th and Shed, Dbe-
cause nearly everybody had migrated
to the Stable ground in the expectancy
of seeing the Cubs perform the hat trick
upon the old veterans, which inciden-
tally did not come to pass.

Longie and Duckie pitched respect-
ively and from the completion of the 1st
inning there was no chance of the Shed
winning. 13 runs were aggregrated and
10 of them wentto the Ninth’s credit;
John (3), Eggie (2), Lefty (2), Augie,

Longie and Betts.

Duckie tried his best to keep the score
down, but it was in vain that he hurled
the sphere. He with Bob and Spetz
made a trio of runs. — Henry.

LIBRARIANS BEAT BAND

July 11

The Band and Librarians came togeth-
er to-day for the final game of their ser-
ies, and fought it out for seven full in-
nings resulting in a victory for the Jin-
glers by the score of 4—1.

In the exuberance of his joy, Jingles
fell from the Store-house steps, and
when he recovered himself, it was notic-
ed that he was much taller than prior to
the game.

The Librarians had traded Yeap, for
Ban J. of the Band, and both men re-
presented their respective clubs in the
box, in a manner that showed that the
exchange was to their liking, for they
excelled their previous performances.

The game was well contested through-
out, and up to the seventh inning when
the score stood 2—1 in favor of the Book-
men, was ever doubtful. In the last
inning however, two runs came rushing
in for the Jingles bells and the game
cinched.

Bill a new one, essayed to umpire the
bases, and did fairly well up to the four-
th inning, when he called a Bandman
out at third, who was palpably safe, and
notwithstanding the kicks, refused to
change his decision. Bill says, ‘‘ a um-
pire has to stand for some awful insualts
from players who can’t do as good.””

Maybe the Librarians have struck
their winning gait, and someone will be
able to answer Jingles’ queries in an-
other column. — Bill.

BAND BEAT LIBRARIANS

July 9

In the fifth inning of the game b tw en
the Band and Library this aftcinoon,
every man of the Musicians took a s vat
at Mike, Jingles latest pitcher, and when
they got through, only one man had
failed to hit the ball, and five runs were
recorded to their credit. Slim also scor-
ed for them in the first, making six runs
in all.

The Librarians obtained two runs in
the second inning through errors of Josh
and Louie, but in no other inning did
one of their men reach third. Yeap
and Joe both tried it, but were caught.
Louie and Mike the opposing pitchers
each struck out five men.

Umpires Lippy and Happy; poor un-
happy Happy. Score 6—2. Mitch.

