---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_077.jpg
---
Sone.

VOL 2 NO ]9

WEDNESDAY JULY 23 1913

PRICELES

JOLLY GOOD GAME| BAND BEAT BADLY

Librarians and St(;cking Shed Battle
for Last Place—— J 1nglers Win

A very good game, and very well
played, and jolly good company every
This was the concensus of opinion
of the game between the above teams
played Monday. The Stocking Shed
commenced the pace-making with Blink,
who scored in the first inning, and if
proper care had been exercised, there is
no reason to doubt that but two or three
runs might have been obtained. Al-
though John, Alec and Rabbi, reached
bases, they failed to score another run
during the game.

The Rabbi pitched, but he was not in
his usual form, hence the horrible slaugh-
ter administered to the Shed. Charlie
and Ban divided the honors of the
mound for the Library, and held their
opponents well in hand all the time.
Davis and Ban ] scored admirably by
clever steals. Ollie singled, and broke
the bad spell that has hovered over him
so long. He negotiated the circle by
stages, but unfortunately the run didn’t
count, because the third man was nab-
bed at first. Dave doubled, and scored
on the catcher’s error. Beef Trust pass-
ed to first, and scored on Jimmy’'s hit,
which culminated in a home run on an
overthrow. Ban also scored on a sacri-
fice, and Charlie, Mike, Hudson and
others, got on bases, but runs failed to
materialize. The ever vigilant Spetz was
somewhat down-hearted at the defeat,
but the humorous Beef Trust was highly
elated. Result: 9—1, in favor of Li-
brary. —Henry.

Tennis teams are being organized here.

Plasterers Hold Them For Nine In-

nings Without a Run

One of the biggest surprises of the sea-
son was pulled off Monday between the
above teams. Yeap was in the box for
the Band and held the Plasterers for four
full innings without a run. They then
succeeded in getting two runs across the
plate, but Yeap never gave up; he held
them until the end of the eighth inning,
before they were again able to score.
The game went for nine full innings;
both sides were fast and snappy, and
the batting was good. Curly was in the
box for the Bear-cats, and held his op-
ponents without a run. Both pitchers,
were in excellent shape, and pitched
masterly ball, Yeap having ten strike
outs, and Curly eight, to their credit.
Yaller, and Yeap each had a two-bagger.
Tony, Curly and Stump each had a
triple, while there were numerous singles
by both sides.

Band has a new find, B 6660, who is
playing excellent ball for his team, both
in the field and at the bat. B 6694
made an excellent catch of a fly ball over
the twelfth block roof, running up the
neck, and catching it with his barehands.
Yeap made a brilliant one-handed catch
off Jack’s bat.

While the Band suffered a shut-out,
they were in the game every minute
during the nine innings, and the Plas-
terers were required to use their best
efforts to down them.

John Henry, and Lippy umpired with-
out a dissent. Score 6—0. —Bill

If you have knowledge, let others
light their candles by it.—Thomas Fuller.

CUBS GAVE UP

Combination of Umpife and Good
Playing too Much for Them

Smarting under the unfalrness of
some of the most weird base decisions,
rarely, if ever heard on a ball ground
the Cubs practically gave the Ninth
Block boys the game on Monday after-
noon. After the third inning they made
no attempt to play with their usual vim,
and instructions had been given mnot to
hit; Herb, the only one to do so, singled,
and as the ball was being fielded, con-
tinued on to second, where he was caught,
as he evidently intended to be.

Every one anticipated a splendid
struggle in the opening game of the series
between these two clubs, and had it not
been for the unfortunate lack of judg-
ment on the part of the base umpire,
these anticipations would have been
realized. Both Longie and Tommy
were in fine form, while their support
was everything that could be desired.

Trouble began in the first inning when
Herb was declared out at third, the
justness of which was questioned, but,
it reached its height in the third inning,
when Rube hit, and in the opinion of
many was clearly out at first. However,
he was announced safe by the umpire.
Then a howl of indignation and derision,
went up from the grounds and the roofs,
swelling in volume as it soared higher
and higher, and only ceasing when the
Warden appeared on the infield, and de-
manded quiet. It was then the Cubs
quit. Once again the Warden had to
caution the men, and Jore in particular,
who was covering his base in only a per-

functory way, perfectly observant to all.
(Continued on page four)
