---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_078.jpg
---
4 THE

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the FEastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columuns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMmPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor
Wednesday July 23, 1913

It is said that the wearing of a new
silk hat, and a good suit of clothes is
conducive to dignity and sobriety. If
this is true, then the UMPIRE has a rea-
son for feeling particularly good, for it
1ssues among its readers to-day from the
new Printing Office, all ‘‘dolled up’’ in a
a brand new suit of specially cast type,
in the fullest hope of meeting with
everybody’s approval.

The new Printing Office, adjoining the
Sixth block, which has recently been
completed, is a modern one in every de-
tail, and a credit to those who designed
and built it.

The present building has enabled the
officials to bring the bindery, composing
and press rooms under one roof, on the
same floor, where it has the direct sup-
ervision of the Chaplain, whose office
adjoins.

The working conditions are vastly im-
proved, which means increased facilities,
and better execution, and therefore, more
satisfactory results.

Everybody’s' doing it. A team of
Chinese base-ball players direct from
the Orient, met, and defeated the Stet-
sons of Philadelphia last week, and now
the girls of Germantown have formed a
league with all the accessories of real
players, even to swatting the umpire.

Now, will you be good ? Philadelphia
policemen are going to a school of in-
struction in the gentle art of catching

crooks. They must have been reading
about the schools of MacKentieville, and
- taken a hint.

Just as we were about to 20 to press,
it was discovered that for once, no men-
tion has been made of Jingles’ bald-head,
so this paragraph has been hastily in-
serted to supply the omission.

UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 23, 1913

WHO’'S WHO
In MacKentieville.

Who loafs around from morn till night,
making bluffsat fixing our electric light ?

“Who paints our eyes, and punches our

head, till we sure wish that he were
dead ?  Who bangs poor Rube till he has
fits, then whacks brother Bill with both
of his mitts? Who tries to give all
balls, a home-run clout, and still keeps
at 1t, when he strikes out? Who's
classed among those who can’t ‘“‘come
back’ ? Why that Lombard street
gent,—that great Big Jack.

KIND WORDS

Kind words never blister the tongue
or lips. We never heard of any mental
trouble arising from this quarter.
Though they do not cost much, yet they
accomplish much. They help one’s own
good nature and good will. Soft words
soften our own soul. Angry words are
fuel to the flame of wrath, and make it
burn more fiercely. Kind words make
other people good-natured. Cold words
freeze people, and hot words scorch
them and bitter words make them bitter
and wrathful words make them wrath-
ful. There is such a rush of all other
kind of words in our day, that it seems
desirable to give kind words a chance
among them. Kind words also produce
their own image on men’s souls. And a
beautiful image it is. They soothe, and
quiet, and comfort the hearer.
shame him out of his sour, morose, un-
kind feeling. We have not yet begun to
use kind word in such abundance as they

ought to be used, but let us try, and the
habit will grow. —B 659

TONY GETTA EXCITE

When 1 was a leetla fell, my brud he
is takea me to da teeater sho’. We go
by da box-off, and my brud he say,
Meester, how mucha costa da tick ?
Man, he say, down stairs, dolla an half.
My brud, he say, youno gotta somea
ting for fivea cent ? Man he say, no.
Gotta fer ten cent in gala-ree. My brud
he say, all righ’, gimme two da tick,
onea ler-ane, oneafer mysbiud S lion
(Tony, dat’'sa me, you know.) Well,
we gona up da steps on da fivea floor in
da gal-aree, geta seat right in da front.
Bimeby go upa da curt, and I getta
very mucha da excite. I looka and
looka, mucha excite. Bimeby I fall over
da rail and go sail down stairs. My
brud, he excite too, and he holler loud,
“Hey Tony, comea back queek; itsa cos-
ta dolla an’ half, downstairs.”—B 6171.

Theyj

|| wiTH THE POETS ||
THE DOGS OF CHERRY HILL

Oh, fear the dogs of Cherry Hill,
The dogs that prowl at night.

With their froth-flecked jowls,
Their blood-red eyes,

And fangs all agleaming white.
With their long lean frames,

And cat-like tread,
They stalk the grounds

Like ghouls amid the dead.

Oh, fear the dogs of Cherry Hill,
The dogs that prowl at night.
Whose days are spent within an iron cage
And their slum’ brous dreams are all of rage,
And of a passion to rend and bite.
For centuries known as man’s true friend,
Yet by Man trained now, to all men hate;
They are denied all love of human kind—
Shunned, and curs’t for their man-made fate,

Oh pity the dogs of Cherry Hill,
The dogs that prowl at night.
Whose instincts true are dwarf’'t and bent
To the will of Man, in his eager intent
To make all things his,in the contest for Might.
Condemned to be caged the long days through,
The better to man-hunt in the gloom,
Their lives roll on, without a rent
In the blackness that surrounds their doom.

—Milch.

LEND A HAND

If you cannot lend a dollar to some chap who
cannot pay,

If you cannot place a quarter or a dime at his
commaund,

You can help him meet his troubles in a very
simple way;

Lend a hand! ILend a hand!

If he’s trembling on the verge of some moral
precipice,

Or is facing some temptation you are sure he
can’t withstand,

There's a loan perhaps will save him from his
ruin, and it’s this:

Lend a hand! I.end a hand!

Or perhaps he’s gone the limit and is hopeless
in his dole—
Down and out, a moral wreck amid the drift-
wood of the strand— :
It is then his need is greatest, for the comfort
of his soul,
Lend a hand! Iend a hand!

—/. K. Bangs.

To MoTHER FAssIiTT, in gratitude for
the beautiful work of her busy hands,
which lift burdens from many shoulders,
and smoothes the lines of care from
many anxious faces. —B. 3079.

The Shed manager should give his new

men a longer try-out.

1
|
|
!
