---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_079.jpg
---
SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

“Dere’s no chanst fur a man dese
days,” sighed Blink. “Wimmen's de
whole show, and a hoggin’ everyting in
sight.  Watcher tink’s de lates’ in
Philly ? Why a man’s gotta s'port
his wife, or de jail and real woik fur him
at sixty-five per day. Dat ain’t so bad,
but, hully chee, de wife is ter come
and cop de whole sixty-five ’s fast as he
makes it; and say, take it frum me, he'll
make it all right, or dere’s no pot-pie fur
him. Hard woik, huh !’

A farmer was attacked by a vicious
bull-dog, who had taken a firm hold of
his leg, and could not be shaken off.
His wife rushed to his rescue with a big
~stone, which she aimed at the dog, and

was about to throw, when the farmer |

shouted in deadly fear, ‘“for God’s sake
Mary, don’t throw at the dog, throw at

1

1001(E}

“What'’s your cat’s name, little boy ?"’
asked the caller.

“It used to be Tom, but I have
changed it to Susie, so he'd have kit-
tens,”” was the reply.

Jack, the umpire, was having his own
troubles with a bunch of Cubs last week,
when he silenced all argument by shout-
ing, “‘Say, who's pulling this cat’s tail,
anyhow ?”’

Whitey :—(To Editor) “I want my
UMPIRE stopped, and stopped quick.”

Editor:—"“What’s the matter ? Don't
you like our paper ?”’

Whitey —*“Naw, I don’'t. Some gink
put a ad in the UMPIRE saying I want-
ed a job, and now, gosh dang it, they
done gimme one.”’

“Well, to-morrow morning you shall
receive a letter, if I have to write you
one myself,”’ said the postman to the
old maid.

“I will be glad to receive
maiden lady.

“What do you want me to write, a
business letter, or a love-letter ?”’

“Well, if you mean business, by all
means write a love-letter.”

S, S

1t,”" said the

“Do you mean to say such a physical
wreck as he gave you that black eye ?”
asked the magistrate.

“‘Sure, your honor, but, he was'nt a
physical wreck till after he gave me the
black eye,” replied the plantift.

GAMES OF JULY 18
Ninth vs Band—Cubs vs Shed—
Plasterers vs Library

BAND COULDN'T HIT

Bill went into the box for the Ninth
to-day in their game against the Band,
and while the latter fielded well, could
do nothing in the hit line.

Yeap, who had not entirely recover-
ed from the blow received on his pitch-
ing arm a few days before, was on the
slab for the Bandmen,but,was relieved in
the sixth inning by B 6660, a new man,
who showed up well.

Both teams played good ball, and
though the Ninth succeeded in shutting
out their opponents, at the conclusion
they knew they had been in a battle.

The sensational feature of the game
was a magnificient throw by Rodge, from
center field, to the plate, just in time to
cut off Rube’s home run. Score 6—O0.
Umpires, John Henry—Smithy. —Bill.

CUBS TOY WITH DUCKLINGS

Blink, one of Duckey’s new men, took
a heave at the first ball pitched, this af-
ternoon, banged it somewhere near the
Second block or further, and then seemed
surprised when someone told him to run.
He started a little late, but easily made
the circuit, scoring the first run for the
Shed. In the fifth inning, the same man
made another tally, and Spetz, who had
been walked, was sent home by John's
hit.

The Cubs simply toyed with the
Ducklings, scoring in each of the five
innings for a total of ten runs. Rabbi
was knocked out of the box in the first
two innings, when six of the Cub’s runs
were made, and Spetz was put in for the
rest of the session. The Shed used
twelve men, but, the game they put up
was so poor, as to be pathetic. They
batted Herb pretty freely, but, good
fielding on the part of the Cubs prevent-
ed run making. Score 10—3. Umpire,
Jack. — Mitch.

PLASTERERS vs LIBRARY

The Plasterers brought their game
with the Librarians to a conclusion to-
day, with a shut-out. Their old south
paw did not deviate one whit from his
usual form, and he was ably opposed by

MPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 23, 1913

o

Mike who pitched a splendid game, and
finished up with 11 strike-outs to his
credit.

The fielding on the whole was excellent,
and many fine catches were executed by
the out-fielders. Ban caught several and
he surpassed himself at first base.

Yellets made a home run swat and
scored Yaller in the third inning, which
commenced the aggregation. He also
scored another run later, as did Harry,
Tony, Yaller and Stump. Felix made
a clean cut to right field and negotiated
three bases; Stump hit a double, and
Yellets made a smart double play.

The Library slammed the ball about
considerably, but they could not com-
plete the necessary distance and score.
Tommy walked and was caught stealing
third; Ban cracked a single to center
and faded at third; Timmy got to third
and was doubled.—Score 6—0

— Henry.

YANIGANS DEFEATED

The Yanigans suffered their first de-
feat, according to their manager, at the
hands of the Jinglebells, on Thursday
last, by the score of 6—3.

Overseer Smith umpired the game, and
his decisions brought forth the following
letter —

Dear Editor: —

In regard to our defeat at the hands of Jingles
and his team, I would like to have something
to say in my'team’s behalf. We wouldscorn to
harbor the idea that Mr. Smith showed intent-
ional favor towards Jing, but we do claim, and
our claim is upheld by every fair-minded spec-
tator, that our defeat, (which we are proud to
state, is our first one,) was caused by Mr.
Smith’s numerous mistakes. When we stop to
think how many of us have secured our hoard
and lodging in the walled city of McKentieville
for unintentional mistakes, we feel for Mr,
Smith, and the reflection he cast upon the spec-
tators. Our next game will be umpired by
someone who has not so many mistakes con-

cealed about his person.
Quig—
Manager of Yanigans.

Jore is losing snap. ,

Tommy of the Cubsis the only pitcher
in the league who grows stronger with
each inning, and finishes as fresh as when
he started.

It 1s noticed that when Yeap hits the
ball good and hard, he races around bas-
es without giving any further attention
to it, evidently depending upon the

‘coachers to notify him when to quit run-

ning. He has converted many two-bag-
gers into three, and home-runs, by this
method.

