---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_080.jpg
---
4 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 23, 1913

— 4>
BaS P L EAGUE
g W G, e, W T Ect
Ninth 2RI 005 Band 5 8 .384
Cubs 1O 769 iLibrary 2 11 .54
Plasterers 9 4 .692° | Shed 1D ST
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W Lt Pet = We LRt
New York 60 26 .698 Brooklyn 38 43 .469
Philadelphia 50 32 .610 Boston 36 49 .424
Pittsburg 44 42 .512 St. Iouis 35 53 .308
Chicago 45 43 .511 Cincinnatti 35 55 .389
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Wl e Pct s Wl Pet
Athletics 632271700 Boston 42 45 .483
Cleveland 54 37 .H93 Detroit 39 57 .406
Washington 51 39 .567 | St. Louis 38 58 .396
Chicago 51" 44 .537 New York 28 59 .322
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
WL, Potaaies W. I. Pct.
Wilmington 49 25 662 Allentown 35 37 483
Harrisburg 40 34 541 York 35 39 478
Trenton Sl 500 Atlantic City 27 51 346

GAMES TO BE PILAYED
Next week.
Shed vs Plasterers Library vs
Band vs Cubs

Ninth

President reports the following :(—
Jack to the Plasterers tfrom Stocking Shed,
in exchange for 6614.

Protested game between Library and Band.
Hearing postponed until further notice.

Aleck of Plasterers, suspended ten days for
playing with Stocking Shed July 21.

Game of July 21, Cubs vs Ninth protested by
former. Hearing will follow.

President serves notice that he will uphold
all decisions of umpires.

GANES OF JULY 16

Ninth vs Band—Cubs vs Shed—
Plasterers vs Library

CUBS WALKOVER SHED

The Stocking Shed completed their
series with the Cubs to-day, suffering
a very severe defeat, which was due to
costly errors on their part.

The game started off very well, and
Duckey held his opponents to two runs,
for the first four innings. His players
then blew up and fumbled everything
that came their way. The Cubs rallied
in the fifth and four more men crossed
the plate for them, and in the seventh
landed two more across the home' plate.

Tommy was on the slab for the Cubs,
and although he did not pitch his best
game of ball, managed to hold the Shed
to one run, made by 6579, in the first
inning, on one of Tommy’s compliment-
ary trips to first.

Duckey pitched masterly ball, but was
lacking in the right stuff behind him.
Blink pulled down two very difficult fly-
balls, back by the fifth block yards, for
the Shed. John also made a very'clever
catch of a hot one that flew through
Spetz’s hands. Butt made a sensational
catch of a hot ball, barehand from
Rabbi’s bat. Julius had the best hit of
the game, a clean two-bagger. Um-
pires, John Henry, Smithy. Score,8—1.

=Dl

PLASTERERS vs LIBRARY

The Plasterers played for a shut-out,
in their game with the Library to-day,

‘land with Yaller doing effective work in

the box, had no difficulty in gaining their
object.

Mike started the pitching for the Jing-
lers, and after three runs had been made
off his delivery in the first two innings,
Charlie, who had been laid off some

_|time ago, owing to an injury to his arm,

entered the box, and held the Plasterers
down to one hit and one run, during the
remainder of the game. Twice the
Bookmen had a man on third, and twice

3!did they have men caught at third.
Better judgment would have saved them

from the ignomy of a shut-out.

Jingles has secured some pretty good
players, among them, two very good
pitchers, and with a better understand- |
ing among his men, and some drilling in
the devious ways of modern base-ball,
ought to be making a movement toward
the first division.

The Plasterers played their usual good
game, but, both Mike and Charlie, the
Librarian slab-artists, had them guess-
ing in the batting line, as they were only
able to obtain five hits. Score, 4—0.
Mack umpired the game in a decisive
manner, that brooked no questions.

— Mateh.

NINTH vs BAND

These teams played the concluding
game of their series to-day, and little is
left to do besides recording the runs,
which were myriad.

Five home runs were made and the
contest represented the old time game
of tip and run.

The writer was sorry to note the per-
sistent jeering of both teams, at the um-
pire, who evidently did his best to give
satisfaction. He was not by any means
inefficient, but the men in this institu-

{tion cannot realize yet, that these men

are kind enough to take upon themselves,
this laborious and oftentimes unthank-
ful duty, just merely for the good of the
sport, and not because they are in re-
ceipt of munifient salaries. One might
be able to look over the kicking of some
teams, made up more or less of new
arrivals; not because they wouldbe right,
but because they have not the experi-

ence of the Ninth’s men, who ought to
be reckoned upon to set a good example.

For the Ninth the following men scor-
ed home runs:—Lefty, Betts, Sam, Rube
and John; runs were also contributed by
Lefty,  Jack, John™ (2), -Betts” Jack,

Bobby and Eggy; compiling 13 against °

the Band’s 2; the latter, the hardest and
cleverest runs scored during the whole
game. :

Josh singled, stole second and third
very cleverly and Yeap, performing a
similar feat immediately afterwards,
emulated his (Josh’s) success, by a dar-
ing attempt, in reaching the plate in the
of nick time.

There was a scarcity of balls, which

delayed the game somewhat, however, .

many were lost over the wall and -else-
where, which partly explains the defici-
ency. — Henry.

CUBS GAVE UP

(Continued from page one)

The run making was in the second and
third innings.

In the second, Butt for the Cubs,
singled, reached second and came home
on Woody's two-bagger. Marty walked,
and Herb struck for three bases, bring-
ing in the two men, and coming in him-
self on Charlie’s sacrifice.

For the Ninth, Cap, Jack and Longie
walked, coming home on a sacrifice by
Augie, and Eggie's single, who later,
scored on Chef’s two bagger.

The Cubs could do nothing in their
half of the third, but, the Ninth came up
smiling and Rube singled, stole second;
Cap was hit by a wild pitch, and then
Big Jack got in his famous home-run
swat, bringing everybody home. Brow-
nie walked, and scored on Eggie's dou-
ble. Score 8—4, favor of Ninth.

Longie allowed four hits, struck out
four, and walked five. Tommy allowed
eight hits, struck out five, and walked
four. Umpires, Mack, Jimmy.—M:tch.

WANTS

Wanted—Cats. Aboutsix good females. Must
be fond of rats, Apply Jingles Eighth Block.

Wanted—Advertiser desires to secure about
seven standard size cats, male or female. Ped-
igree desirable, but not necessary. Address
Preacher, Fourth Gallery.

Wanted—About twenty-six, real nice christian
Parrots. Conditions require that they should
be extra good talkers, and entirely free from
profanity. Call Second Block.

'
il | Sl en i
