---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_081.jpg
---
{

T

Ninth Administer Severe Drubbing
Show No Mercy

The Ninth Block administered a most
crushing defeat in which they showed no
mercy, to the demoralized Librarians in
the opening game of the series last Mon-
day.

They started to work in the first in-
ning by pounding the Bookmen'’s slab
artist, Mike all over the grounds for a
single, three doubles and a triple, and
never stopped until ten men had taken
a whack at the ball and six runs scored.

Mike held them down until the fourth,
when he again blew up, allowing. nine
men to face him for one single, two doub-
les and a three bagger and onc home run
(Eggie) with a total of five runs.

Charlie then went in with the result
that Betz, Eggie and Rube each hit him
for home runs.

The Librarians scored one run by Bob,

who was given his base, stole second and
third, and home on Beef Trust’s hit.
Longie allowed five hits, one a three-
bagger by Jore, who was back in form
and playing like Sunny Jim. All of the
Ninth's men distinquished themselves in
the run making fiesta,excepting Bill,who
went in as a pinch hitter to get some of
the big percentage pie being passed a-
long, but unfortunately was overlooked,
as he struck out. Score 14—1. Um-
pire, Mack, — Mateh,

Record-breaking crowds attended the
games between the Ninth and Cubs last
week, over-running the grounds, and
greatly interfering -with the players.
The Warden has determined that in the
future all men must confine themselves
to their own grounds.

Bandmen Put up a Good Play

Game Lost in Last Innin

The Band and Cubs, met on the store-
house grounds, for the first game of the
week’s series with the Cubs, fully deter-
mined to retrieve their fallen fortune of
last week, when they were so severely
walloped at the hands of the Ninth.
Both teams played masterly ball, and
it was only for the pitcher of the Band
weakening in the last inning, that
gave the Cubs the victory. Jackson
was in the box for the Band while Herb
and Tommie pitched for the Cubs. Jack-
son is the new find for the Band, and
pitched masterly ball untill the last inn-
ing when he weakened. Neither side
scored in the first. In the second inn-
ing the Kid sacrificed and brought Louie
home: this was the turning point for the
Cubs for they were now determined to
do, or die. In the third inning Charles
drove the ball over the store-house roof,
going to second, and bringing Woody
home, who had received free transpor-
tation, and then stole third. Herb sac-
rificed, bringing home Charles. Neither
side scored again until the fifth, when
Yeap hit and made a two bagger, steal-
ing home and tying the score. The
Cubs now went to the bat for the last
inning, and at this point the pitcher for
the Band weakened and was hit freely.
Timmie received free transportation,
and was brought home by Freddie, who
made a three bagger. Wcody then came
to the bat, drove a bee liner over the
fifth block, making a home run, also
bringing Charles home. Marty was the
last man at the bat, he too, drove a ball
over the fifth block, making a home
run, this ended the game and sewed it
in the sack for the Cubs. Score 6—2.
Umpires Jack and Ken. — Millsy.

g.

SHIP

PRICELESS

Plasterers had to Play Real Ball to
Down the Ducklings

Curly and Rabbi represented the
the Plasterers and Shed in the box Mon-
day afternoon, and held the game down
to nil up to the end of the 4th inning.
At this stage the Plasterers scored two
runs, with Tony and Felix scoring on
Jaek’s hit. The Stocking Shed immedi-
ately took up the gage of battle, and in
the next inning contrived to get three
men on bases at the phychological mom-
ent: John, Harry and Baltimore, and
but for Andy's opportune catch of
an outfield fly, a different story might
be written. The Plasterers scored again
with Stump, and later Andy tripled, and
scored on Yaller’s triple, who scored on
Jack’s sacrifice, making the sum total
five runs. The Stocking Shed scored
with Fingers and John, both scoring on
Joe's hit, who, through being ill-shod,
came to grief, when he had the game
well within his grasp. They scored two
runs, and in justice to them we must
say that the Plasterers won the game
by sufferance.

John Henry had all his work cut out in
keeping steady, on account of the volley
of stupid remonstrances that were hurled
at him all through the game. There
was far too much talk and criticism
attending the bout, but we were pleas-
cd to observe John Henry remained for-
bearing, and took itin the spiritin which
it was meant. However, practical jok-
ing often leads to mix-ups, and these
apparently friendly expositions sometime
may lead into channels not intended.

Curly ! you reprobate; you are the
transgressor, so just be good enough to
mend your ways in the future. Nobody
in the institution knows better than
you do, that John Henry is conscien-
tious, and renders his decisions in a
manly and straightforward manner, and
the finger of distrust can never be level-
led at him; 'Score 5—2. — Henry.
