---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_082.jpg
---
2 THE

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the FKEastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S5.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as

space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor
Wednesday July 30, 1913

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries
will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any, who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

July 30 1913.

THE New York District Attorney’s
office has recently published some inter-
esting statistics relative to criminals,
from which it appears, that out of 2857
convicted men, only 789 were married.
This would indicate a great preponder-
ance of unmarried criminals, over those
who are married, and naturally suggests
an excellent medium for the reclamation
of the degenerate, through the very sim-
ple method of marrying them off.

This sounds good, but, now comes the
statement of a Civil war veteran, who
has just celebrated his one hundred and
seventh birthday, to the effect that he
_attribute his good health and long life to
the fact that he never married, and
therefore was spared all the worry, anx-
iety and hard work, incidental to the
care of a modern wife, and growing
children.

The question now, is it better to mar-
ry, in order to avoid the seduction of
the doubtful pleasures of MacKentie-
ville, and the certainty of a short life,

or, remain in a state of single blessed-!

UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 30, 1913

ness, to enjoy a long life, with the cer-
tainty that the greater portion of it will
be spent in service to the State? Fort-
unately, there is a happy medium, else
we should ask, what’s the answer?

WHO’'S WHO
In MacKentieville.

Who blows the horn and twangs the
harp, and knows « flat from e z sharp?
Who's got the bulge on the mandolin,
the big bass drum and the violin? Who
scouts the blocks for talent rare, to sing
those songs that make us swear? Who

i'trainsia cham Sintora hrst classy muit

to withstand our jokes, and be our butt?
Whe sings, do ra mi, fa st do? Why
dot Ostricher leeder, dot leedle Joe.

DON'T BE A QUITTER

ADVERSITY has beaten you to the wall.

You're bruised, heartsick; the talons
of doubt are kneeling at your throat;
you've fought to the limit of your en-
durance; failure is leering from the back-
ground.

But what of it ? We've all known the
same hour. It comes to every man.
There’s brass as well as gold in the sands
of time.

It’s up to you to show your metal.

If you're a weakling and a quitter,
you’ll surrender.

Butif you're a son of battle;if there’s a
single surge of wvitality and endurance
left in your carcass, we'll see a man
emerge from the trial.

Where’s your second wind ? If you
can’t find it you're lost. Anybody can
smile and strive and persist when the
game is in his favor, but genius and
power are bornin the brooding blackness
of adversity.

Youaren't “‘gone’’ until you relinquish
your ambitions. You aren’t
until you surrender to yourself.

There are few momentous lives not scar-
red with the memory of meager months.

Hit out. Let us feel your force. We
choose our masters and determine our
servants by the ordeal of courage.

It’s the eleventh hour. Quail at its
challenge and all your tomorrows are
yesterdays.

downed

—Herbert Kawjfman.

Watermelons are quoted at 40c. each.

|| WiITH THE POETS ||

SPIDER’S WAIL

‘‘Ho, Spider come, my window leaks,
The rain’s been pouring in for weeks,
You said you’d fix the thing up good,
That you’d put on a good new hood.

Now here I've waited, day by day,

While you just poke around and play.
Just as I lay me down to sleep,

This darn old window starts to leak.

My prayers I said, but what of that?

The rain’s still coming through that crack,
I bet your window’s nice and tight,

No frost gets in, your toes to bite.

The next time this old thing does leak,
Under the bed I'll surely creep.’’
Those are the words I hear each day,
As I go jogging on my way.

They hold me up, wherever I go—
Truly my heart is filled with woe.

A window here, and a window there,
It simply makes me pull my hair.
I’m getting gray, and getting thin,
Listening to all this awful din.

The gang will get me bald on top,
If this commotion they dou’t stop.  —Spider.

BASE-BALL BUG

Say, stop, look, and listen, you base-ball fans
tome;
Tis a funny little story, I'm going to tell to
thee:
It’s all about a base-ball bug you’ll see,
Who built his reputation in the E. S. P.
Last year he was a terror, with his big long
mace,
He sent the sphere a flying, all around this
place.
When opposing batsmen fanned, you could hear
him say, ‘‘set down,’’
But now we have him figured, as a full-fledged
clown—
He looks to be a demon as he steps up to the
plate,
But he has'nt made a decent hit, we’ve noticed
here of late.
When you ask him what’s the matter, you will
: hear him softly cry,
“I've been traded ’round so often, 'till T’ve lost
my batting eye.”
Now he's playing with the ILibrary,and if he
don’t advance
I'm sorry, but I'm forced to say, it’s his last
; chance.
Now Fats, quit your kidding, shut your face up
like a clam,
The gang has all concluded, that you’re nothing

bt as hamises

—Rufus.

Tuae Kine's DAUGHTERS wish to
know the number of the man who sent
two pictures for Miss Carroll, also the
number of the man who has the Con-
cordance from Miss Monges. '

Communicate with the chaplain.

‘
e Do A s i M

Lot
