---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_083.jpg
---
GANES OF JULY 23
Ninth vs Cubs—Library vs Shed—

Plasterers vs Band

CUBS SHUT OUT

The Ninth decoyed the Cubs onto
their lot Wednesday, and took a short
hold of their tails and held them fast for
seven innings, not allowing one of them
to reach third base. Nevertheless the
Cubs fought back savagely, snarling and
biting, but to no avail, as the Ninth
had too short a grip, and Bill was pitch-
ing masterly ball.

Bill fanned eight men and walked one,
while Tommy was close behind with
seven fanned and two passes. The Cubs
appeared dangerous in the fourth only,
when Bill issued his only pass of the
game, walking Charley, and Tim follow-
ed with the only safe hit secured off him,
but Charley died stealing. Eight hits
were made off Tommy, for a total of 16
bases, but were well scattered. In the
second, the Ninth bunched three hits
for two runs, Cap hitting one around
the tenth block, for a home run,and Long-
ie's two-bagger, followed by Bill’s single.
Through Julius’ unintentional interfer-
ence, Rube gota three-base hit. The
Chef hit, what would have been for extra
bases, but the First block wall stopped

it. The features of the game was the
batting - ‘ofv Cap, = of the = Ninth,
and some clever stops by Julius,

of the Cubs. Little Bobbie, of the
Ninth, objected too strenuously to his
out at third, and he was banished from
the game by the umpire. Score 3 to 0.
Umpire, Mack; who took charge of the
bases also. — Timmy.

BAND LOSE ANOTHER

The combat between the Pand and
Plasterers today wag virtually begun and
ended in the first inning.

The writer does not make a point of
censuring any player unless it is for
culpable neglect.

An incident occurred in this inning
which tested one’s patience. Before the
game was by any means lost to the
Band, a situation arose when a most
certain double play was imminent, but
through the Poets indecision, and evi-
dent inability to do the right thing, at
the right moment, Harry, on a bunt was

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY JULY 30,

allowed to occupy first base and Curly
retained third. Both men ultimately
scored, and to everybody’s consterna-
tion, 7 runs were bunched in quick suc-
cession in this one inning, practically
through the faux-pas already mentioned.
Yellets, Stump, Tony (2), Curly, Jack
and Davis were the next who scored.

In the second, Felix scored on a wild
throw; Curly and Jack also reached the
plate in safety, and as the bases were
again all full and the men were running
about like rabbits, the writer deemed it
useless to stay and be compelled to pile
on the agony.

Louis was on the hill for the Band,
and after he had been beaten about
shamefully, he retired in favor of Yeap,
whose task to make up lost ground was
now stupenduous, and there was no
hope left for the Band. Josh tallied in
the first inning, and Yeap, Roge and
Slim raised the score to 4. Score 11—4
in favor of Plasterers. — Henry.

SHED WINS FROM LIBRARY

The Library put in an ‘‘all colored”
team to play the Stocking Shed this af-
ternoon, but, the best they could do was
to obtain two hits and one unearned run,
against the Duckling’s five hits and four
runs.

Jore, formerly of the Cubs, has been
added to the Bookmen in exchange for
Timmy 2, but, had no opportunity to
distinguish himself.

Ban, who heretofore has always played
good clean ball, was guilty of deliber-
ately blocking Fingers as he was making
for first, in the fifth inning.

Though no sensational features were
introduced, the game was well played,
and interesting throughout.

The Shed showed up better in team
work, than in any game they have thus
far played. Score 4—1. Umpires Lip-
py and James. — Mitch.

Tomatoes are ripe.

Frank took the prize for producing
the first tomatoes. Henry is a close
second.

The lightning storm last Thursday
afternoon struck and splintered the flag
staff on the main turret, but, did no
other damage to the institution.

The mysterious burglaries on the
seventh block have been traced, and-the

marauder apprehended and punished.

1913

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

“Do you darn your husband’s socks?”’
“No, I speak of them a little more
profanely.”

“Is the man your sister’s going to
marry, sich 2’

“Naw, every time the marriage is
mentioned pa says: ‘poor man!”’

“Aren’t you going to say your prayers,
Willie?”’

“No, I ain’t, I'm tired of praying for
this family without getting any results.”

A mouse fell into a pool of wine in Mr.
Loan’s cellar the other day, and after he
had licked himself dry, sprang up the
store-house steps, and yelled, ‘“‘where is
that darned cat that chased me last
week?”’

A taxi cab in Athens is called a poli-
polytantocinetharmoxaxe. Most people
would rather walk than call one.

Mr. Morgan—'You are extremely
bald, for one of your age.”

Jingles—"‘Yep, got this way butting
into the Library team.”

Father (impressively)— Suppose I
should be taken away suddenly what
would become of you, my son?”’

Son—*I'd stay here all right. The
question is what would become of you?”

“Andy, did you give Henry the best
part of that apple, as you were told?”’

“Yes. I gave him theseeds. Hecan
plant them on his farm and have a whole
orchard.”

“Paw, what is a boy scout?”
“A woman of thirty, who chases a boy
of eighteen, my son.”

Both boys had been put.to bed for
being naughty, and when their father

came home, mother complained to him
about them. The boys heard him com-
ing up the stairway.

“Here comes papa,”’ said one. “I'm
going to make believe I'm asleep.”
“I’m not, said the other. I'm going

to get up and put on my heavy pants.”

“Sp you don’t guide hunting parties
any more?”’

“Nope, said the guide.
being mistook for a deer.’

“How do you earn your living now?”

“Guide fishin’ partics. So far, no-
body ain’t mistook me for a fish.”

Got tired of

9.
