---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_084.jpg
---
THE

E. 5. P. ‘I EAGUE,
= W. L. Pct. W. I,. Pct
Ninth 15 1 .937 | Band 5 11 .312
_ Plasterers 12 4- 2150 8- Eibrary 21312187
Cubs 11° 5 .687 | Shed 1= 14 2125
NATIONAL LEAGUE
T T A T W. L. Pet
New York 65 .27 .708 | Brooklyn 42 45 .483
Philadelphia 53 34 .609 Boston 39 51 .433
Chicago 48 45 .516 Cincinnatti 37 59 .88H
Pittsburg 45 46 495 St. Louis 36 58 .383
AMERICAN LEAGUE ‘
WAL S Beh i W I, “Pet.
Athletics 66 28 .702 | Boston 46 46 .500
Cleveland 58 38 .604 | Detroit 40 59 .404
Washington 55 40 .579 J St. Louis 39 62 .386
Chicago 51 49 .510 | New York 29 62 .3819
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
= W, Pot. L W. I,. Pet
Wilmington 52 27 658 | Trenton *39 40 494
Harrisburg 42 38 525 | York 40 41 494
Allentown 415888519l AtlanticiCity s 827 572 321

GAMES TO BE PLLAYED
Next week.
Cubs vs Library Ninth vs Plasterers

Shed vs Band

The President reports following:

Jore from Cubs to ILibrary in exchange for
Timmie 2nd.

Protested game, Cubs vs Ninth, July 21, not
sustained.

Managers are cautioned to observe the rule
prohibiting the signing of players, before they
have left receiving gallery.

SPORTING NOTES

The Gentlemen of the Third block
met the Gentlemen of the Sixth block,
last Saturday afternoon in a game of
cricket on the Stablemont grounds, in
which the former were defeated by the
score, 1876 runs to 1598.

A large and inquisitive crowd witness-
ed the contest, which for a long time|
was thought to be a variation of that
exciting game, known as ‘ Pussy—-wants—
a—corner."”’

k ok ok

The promoter of the proposed sets of
tennis doubles, states that the organiza-
tion is going along splendidly, with the
exception of securing silk shirts, white
duck trousers and shoes, without which
no real game of tennis could be properly
conducted,

k k%

Failure to obtain the requisite number
of ponies has caused a delay in forming
the polo teams, talked about. Little
Dutch has some wooden ones, but, they

won’t answer.
k % %

Following the example of Mr. Blank-
enburg, Mayor of a little burg near
Camden, the Mayor of MacKentieville
has refused permission to hold automo-
bile races within his precincts next
October, or any other time,

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

286 | both pitched excellent ball.

UMPIRE,

Ninth vs Cubs—Library vs Shed—

Plasterers vs Band

LIBRARY WINS FROM SHED.
The Shed and Library teams again

3|crossed bats on Friday, and fought tooth
385 |and nail for eight fast and furious in-

nings, the latter winning out by 1 run.
Ban was on the mound for the Libra-
ry, and his opponent was Ducky,
Ban hav-
ing twelve strike-outs and walking three;

_|Ducky striking out eight, and passing
191 | four.

John played excellent ball in the field
for the Shed, catching four fly balls that
saved runs from going home; he also
excelled at the bat, having a double and
two singles, scoring both of the runs that
were tallied for the Shed. 6579 is cer-
tainly a comer for Ducky, as he played
2nd base in fineshape, retiring several
men. Fingers made two hair-raising
catches, one he ran in from center ficld
and got behind second base, the other
hot one he caught along the wall. Jore
excelled for the Library, by fast and
snappy playing, also having a double
and a single to his credit, and scoring
the first run, along with Ban and 6103
in the first inning.

Every player was on his toes, and
very good judgment was exercised by
both teams alike, they were fast and
snappy innings. Joe and John had the
two best hits of the game, each having
a double. The old reliable home-run
Ban seemed somewhat off as he could
not connect with Ducky’s shoots. The
game went through without a dis-
sent from anyone, and was played clean
and masterly. Ban allowed three hits,
and Ducky allowed five.

Jack and Smithy umpired in a very
efficient manner. Final score:—Library
3; Stocking Shed 2. —Bill.

PLASTERERS WIN SERIES

Tony went into the box for the Plas-
terers in their final game of the series
with the Band, held them down to three
hits and two runs, and aided by two bad
fumbles of the opposing short fielder
and first baseman, copped the game by
the score of 4—2, making three straight
victories during the week.

EDNESDAY JULY 30, 1913

| hit.

Josh opened for the Band with one
run, and Louie banged out a three-bag-
ger, but, was unable to reach home.
Barber the first man up for the Plaster-
ers, scored through singles by Stump and
Tony.

In the second, the Poet walked, stole
second, and scored on Slim’s hit through
the twelfth block doorway. Jack for
the Plasterers, singled and came across
the plate on Davis, and Yaller’s hits.

In the third, Felix and Curly both
scored. Neither team was able to se-
cure another tally during the remainder
of the game. though Slim lost an oppor-
tunity to score in the fifth, when he at-
tempted to steal third where he was
caught. Umpires, John Henry, James.
— Mutch.

- NINTH vs CUBS

With all things at perfect equlibrium
to-day, and amid breathless excitement,
the final game of the series between the
above teams was brought to a close.

t was a pleasure to observe Mack of-
ficiating behind the bat, where he was
absolutely master of the situation, and
rendered quick and accurate decisions.

Longie pitched for the Ninth, and was
beat about quite considerably. The
Cubs who are not so fortunate as the
Ninth, in having two or three strings to
their bow, were represented on the hill
by that sterling pitcher, Tommy. He
had todo the whole of the work in the
box this week,and it was little to be won-
dered at when he weakened toward the
end of the game. ,

In the first inning the Ninth made
two runs, which made everybody mur-
mur that the game was all over, but
much to the surprise of all, in the next
inning the Cubs emulated that perform-
ence, and up to that stage of the game
batted four runs. The Cubs were much
gratified at this showing, and their suc-
cess instilled new energy into the whole
team.

The Ninth have always been a hard
nut to crack when they set their teeth
tightly together, and by dint of sheer
superiority, coupled with their strongest
play, they wore their opponents down,
and run by run was scored, until near
the finish, they totalled 8.

Rube and Jack scored home runs.
The other runs were made by Cap, (3),
Chef (2) and Rube. Cap scored once
on Woody’s error. Lefty, Rube and
Cap made two-base hits.

For the Cubs, Freddy hit a triple and
scored on Woody’s hit; in the second
Charlie hit a two-bagger, and scored on
Julius’ double; who stole third in pro-
fessional style, and scored on Timmy's
double; who likewise scored on Freddy’s
—Henry.

WANTED—A good base ball pitcher, address,
through Overseer, Doc, Engine Room.

