---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_085.jpg
---
-

VOL 2 NO 2]

WEDNESDAY AUGUST 6 1913

WELL MATCHED TEAMS STRIVING
FOR LEAGUE HONORS THIS WEEK

Plasterers Lose First of Series to Nmth— Shed Plays Spirited Game With
Band—Cubs

SHED vs BAND

The Shed and Band ran neck and
neck up to the sixth innning, in their
game of Monday last, when the latter
got a lead of one run, and in the next,
obtained three hits and four runs, one of
which was a homer, by Lou’e.

The Rabbi pitched bang-up base-ball
for the Shed, striking out nine, and al-
lowing six hits. Little Ike, who was in
the box for the Band, proved a puzzle
to the Ducklings, who only succeeded
in securing threc hits.  Only twenty-four
Shedites faced the little twirler in the
seven innings, which was holding them
down somc. Blink and Spetz, two light-
weights, tallied the brace of runs secur-
ed by Duckie’s men. The Band scored
through Baldy, Poet (2) Louie (2) Dave
and Rodge.

In the sccond inning, Slim, of the
Band, hit and fcll asleep at first, where
he was awakened by Rodge, the next
baiter, just in time to be tagged. Score
7—9. Umpires, Jack and Schmitty.

— Meteh.

CUBS vs. LIERARY

A great disappoiniment was experien-
ced at the game between the Cubs and
Library Monday, who on paper seem 10
be pretty evenly matched.

Tommy and Charlie dominated the
mound. They issued several free passes,
and both of them have pitched better
ball.

Herb scored in the first inning, Tommy

Crawling Up

‘[and Mike in the second, when Charlie

walked five men. Tommy and Mike
scored again in the third, on Herb’s dou-
ble, and Butt made another. Timmy
poled on Woody's hit. The Library
were unfortunate throughout the whole
game. They had plenty of men on bas-
es, but were unable to score. Slip, their
new acquisition, exploited himself at
first base, and handled the club with
dexterity. He reached third once, and
was caught stealing third on another oc-
casion. Up to the last inning they had
not scored a run, and everything pointed
to a shut-out, when Beef Trust stole
third splendidly, and scored on Josh’s
high fly, which he unfortunately over-
estimated. Jor hit a double and scored
on Joe’s single, who, by the way, made
two fine infield fly catches. He was
caught stealing third, and to settle the
climax, Josh, running for Tommy, stole
second and third, and with masterly
dash, stole home. Result 7—3 in favor
of Cubs. Umpire, John Henry.

— Henry.

PLASTERERS LOSE TO NINTH

The Plasterers and Ninth, met on the
stable grounds for the first game of the
week’s series.

Both these teams are ‘well matched,
and whenever they come together on
the diamond the spectators look for a
good game, but the constant kicks by the
Plasterers to-day disgusted all present.

Mack is a professional umpire and in

PRICELESS

to-day’s game rendered efficient service
both behind the bat and bases, yet the
Plasterers were continually finding fault
with his decisions, which practically
were a shade in their favor. But there
was continual knocking against Mack’s

decisions which were undoubtedly fair
and impartial to both teams.

Curley was taken out in the second
inning, after Timmy’s hit, Betz’s two-
bagger, and Lefty’s home run, netting
the Ninth three runs.

Big Jack was in the box for the Ninth,
but was relieved by Longie in the sec-
ond inning who pitched splendid ball.
Yaller took Curly’s place on the mound,
and was in fine form, Big Jack was the
first to score for the Ninth.

In the first inning the Barber for the
Plasterers hit a ball over the twelfth
block roof, going three bases, and com-
ing home on Felix’s hit, who died on
first base. In the second inning, Lefty
drove a ball over the sixth block mak-
a home run and bringing Betz and Tim-
mie home.

In the third inning, the Ninth scored
two more runs. In the fifth, Eggie sac-
rificed, bringing home Cap, who had re-
ceived free transportation. In this in-

‘ning the Plasterers also scored two runs,

by the Barber and Stump.

In the third inning a ball pierced the
mask of Davis the catcher for the Plas-
terers, knocking him out, and Andy took
his place behind the bat. Score 7—3
favor Ninth. — Mallsy.

Duckie has resigned from the manager-
ship of the Stocking Shed team, owing
to his inability to secure proper work-
ing material for his club, and also, it is
hinted,

some of the umpires.

through dissatisfaction with

