---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_086.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE
Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Db et o e R B
Printed at the FEastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columus, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested. :

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday August 6, 1913

A 1ARGE and disastrous fire occurred
in Sing Sing prison, a week or so ago,
during which a fire brigade, made up of
about two hundred inmates of the institu-
tion fought the flames like trained fire-
men, and in several instances, at the
peril of their lives.

The conduct of the men upon this oc-
casion has been the subject of a great
deal of newspaper comment, and some
papers have taken it as a text for lengthy
editorials. Speaking of the event one
paper says, in part :

““ One of the most significant features of the
affair was the enthusiasm with which these out-
casts of society went about their work. They
did not wait for orders, but climbed ladders and
scaled roofs with the agility and the certainty
of professionals. Although the opportunity
was present, not one of the convicts attempted
to escape. Instead of that, the risks they took
in extinguishing the fire caused two of them to
be overcome by the smoke and to be so badly
injured as to require hospital treatment. ‘These
things are pleasant to read, because they call
attention to the possibilities for usefulness and
heroic conduct even among those whom it has
been necessary to place behind barred doors.
Humane persons have always recognized this
fact, but there are many others who have been
in the habit of looking on the criminals as hope-
less, and only to be treated as beasts.’’

There is no question but, that the men

who so bravely undertook the task of

subduing the flames, are entitled to all
of the credit that is being given them.

But, there is no reason why they should
be singled out for extraordinary praise
for their fine conduct, simply because
they are convicts.

If the public could only be taught to
understand that a criminal is but a mis-
guided, God-made man, with all of the
emotions of love and charity, of hopes
and ambitions which animate his fel-
lows without the walls; that the sense of
duty, is in most instances as fully alive
in him, as in others; that his present so-
cial condition may be traced, with scarce-

THE

ldetected too late for restoration.

ly an exception, to his earlier environ-

ments; that heisin short, a human being,
then much will have been done toward
solving the problem which is now vexing
humanitarians and penologists through-
out the world.

The work of the men in Sing Sing was
not exceptional. The history of every
large penal institution tells of acts of
bravery performed by its inmates in
times of fire, flood, insurrection and indi-
vidual peril.

These men have seldom been called
on, but, when the emergency arose, they
have never failed. They responded to
the call instinctively, with never a
thought of personal danger, or future
benefits.  Their actions have been
equally as spontaneous,as would bethose
of any other man, and no matter how
uncouth their manner and speech, and
degrading their position, when the time
comes to show the stuff of which they
are made, they will come forward for
favorable comparison with any other
class of men.

So, by all means let them be commend-
ed for their praiseworthy acts, not be-
cause they are convicts and to be cod-
dled as children but, because they are
men, ready, capable and willing to do a
man’s work.

Some miscreant deliberately pilfered a
run each from the winning column of the
Shed and Library last week, and was
How-
ever the winning runs have been return-

‘ed in this week’s issue of the UMPIRE

without loss to the clubs.

The only excuse the rascal had to offer
for his villainous act, was ‘‘ that they
were only, litile no-account games any-
how.”

WHO’'S WHO
In MacKentieville

Who pounds the dough to make the
bread, upon which we are so plentifully
fed? Who guards our health to such an
extent, that never a hot loaf to us is
sent, to give us cramps, and disturb our
sleep, ‘“‘when shades of darkness over us
creep?”’  Who uses his skill in an effort

b
to make, the large and toothsome ginger

cake? Who pitches a ball like a hunk
of dough? Why that bake-shop gent,

that Tony you know.

UMPIRE, WEDNESAY AUGUST 6, 1913

| | WITH THE POETS |
SHOW YOUR SAND

When your down and out—disheartened—
Till your spirits all hang loose,
Don’t stop to ask the question
Of yourself; ““Oh, what’s the use?”’
You remember that we want you
In your place on this old sphere;
That we know you as our brother
Though we may not say it here.
It may—to you—seem useless,
More than your poor soul can stand, =
But brave it out my heartie—
Show the world you’ve got some sand.
Never quit—God hates a quitter—
There are thousands— sad—discouraged—
Just because they lacked the sand
Come now—do your part toshow them
How you ve learned to fight and stand,
For the world deserts a quitter,
And backs up the man with sand.
—Selected

A DISGRACEFUL SCENE

A disgraceful scene was enacted dur-

ing the game between the Ninth and
Library last Wednesday afternoon
through flagrant abuse of the umpire
Mack, by members of both teams alike.
Lefty was the most virulent of the clam-
orous players, and was ejected from the
game and finally from the grounds,
when his insolence became unbearable.

The efforts of the men to reflect upon
the umpire, it is pleasant to note proved
a veritable boomerang, however, for by
his splendid self-control, and dignified
treatment of the mischief-makers, he
has firmly established his position as a
reputable fair-minded man with a back-
bone, who is not afraid to render deci-
sions according to his judgment, regard-
less of whom it may affect.

This man knows his business, and
there is none in this big house who can
bull-doze, bluff, or dictate to him; he
knows the game from A to Z and it
would be just as well for those young
people who think they know it all to
call a halt, and read and digest the rules
of base ball.

John, captain of the Ninth desires to
state in this connection, that he entire-
ly disapproves of the conduct of his
men. That he considers the manner in
which Mack the umpire was abused by
the men to have been disgraceful, and he
is particularly grieved because he be-
lieves the men know much better, and

Ishould be setting an example for the

younger and more inexperienced players.
He further states that the time has ar-
rived when this horse-play exhibition of
childish fits of temper must stop.

Without mentioning names, it is sug-
gested that those persons to whom this
statement applies should digest its im-
plications and endeavor to redeem them-
selves. ‘

In the meantime, everybody take
their hats off to Mack. — Henry.

