---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_087.jpg
---
. Ninth vs Library—Cubs vs Band
Plasterers vs Shed

SHED vs PLASTERERS

The Shed and Plasterers met for the
second contest of the week, with Ducky
and John in the box for the Shed and
Yaller for the Plasterers. Yaller pitch-
ed reckless ball the first inning and let
the Ducklings score two runs, the only
ones they secured in the game, after
that he settled down, allowing but four
hits and striking out nine men, while
Duckie and John followed closely with
seven to their credit.

Joe of the Shed is a hard hitter driv-
ing two balls to the sixth block, but un-
fortunately they were caught by Andy.
Rufus and Fingers each had a hit, Ru-
fus died on third base, while Fingers
reached second.

Barber and Stump for the Plasterers
each drove a ball over the twelfth block
roof, Stump making a home run and
bringing Barber home. Joe for the Shed
made a sensational play in center field
by catching a ball off Barber’s bat, and
making a double play. Had Ducky not
injured his arm in the second inning,
there probably would be a different tale,
as he was in good form and pitched
splendid ball. The Ducklings played
good ball, but were too weak for the ter-
rible onslaught of the Plasterers. Um-
pires, Jack and Smithy. Score 8—2.

— Millsy.

CUBS AND BAND TIE

The Band clearly outplayed the Cubs
in their game this afternoon, but, through
the silliest sort of errors, on the part of
their short fielder, the best they could
do was to make it a tie. |

It was the prettiest and cleanest ex-
hibition of ball-playing seen here in a
long time, and every man taking a part
in it is worthy of credit. Neither side
was taking any chances and each used
two pitchers in their efforts to win.

The Cubs started with Butt in the
box, but, after the Bandmen had touch-
ed him up for two passes, four hits and
three runs in the first inning he gave
way to Tommy, who held them down
without a hit or run during the remain-

1

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 6, 1913

eight of the seventeen men up.

Big Louie opened up well for the Band,
holding the Cubs hitless untill the fourth
inning, when he went away up in the
air, and was soaked for a single, two
doubles and three runs.

Yeap then took a hand, and while he
was hit pretty freely, good fielding on
the part of his team mates prevented
the Cubs from obtaining the winning
run. Marty came very close to it how-
ever in the fifth, but, was caught nap-
ping at third base.

Swig distinguished himself by catch-
ing two high flies to center field, and
Freddie nailed Yeap at the plate in good
style. Umpires John Henry, James.
Secorets 9. — Mitch.

The game between the Ninth and
Library this afternoon, resulted in favor
of the former; score, 11—1.

— Henry.

CUBS WIN TIE FROM BAND.
July 31

The tie game between the Cubs and
Band on Wednesday afternoon was
played off to-day and resulted in favor
of the former by the score of 4 to 0.

Only one hit was secured off Tommy,
who was in the box for the Cubs, and
that was a clean two-bagger by Joe, for-
merly of the Library, who made his first
appearance with the Band. Three times
the Bandmen had a player on third, but,
each time the necessary hit was lacking
to bring them across the plate.

A good natured little lump of dark-
ness, called Ike, did the pitching for the
Band, and did it well, holding the Cubs’
heavy swatters down to five hits, four
of which were two-baggers. He also ex-
ecuted a brilliant double play in the
fourth, when he caught a red hot liner
from Butt’s bat, .with one hand, and
then nailed Marty at second. If he
were fed up on some rare steak for
awhile, he would prove a veritable won-
der.

The game was extraordinarily well
played by both teams, and notable for
the quick business like way in which it
was carried to a conclusion. Umpire
Mack. — Mitch.

No man is to be pitied excepting the
one whose Future lies behind him, and
whose Past is constantly before him.

der of the game, while he struck out

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Let us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

“T wonder if Mabel takes anything for
her complexion?’’
“No, I believe she gives something

for 1t
* %k 3k
Servant maid :—(in breathless excite-
ment.) ‘‘Professor, there’s a burglar in
the dining room.”
Professor —(deep in thought.)

him I'm engaged.”
S

“Tel]

%k

“T never killed a dawg, but, wanst,”
said Blink. “That was when a big bull

dawg bit me on de leg and—‘“That killed
the dog,”’ remarked Timmy, finishing the

sentence.

sk ock ok

Somebody wants to know, why the
man who attends the bridegroom at a
wedding is called the ‘‘best man.”
That's easy. Because he isn’t the one

getting married.

% ok ok

“What passed between yourself and
the complainant?”’inquired the magist-
rate. “I think sor,” replied O’Brien, ‘it
wor six bricks an’ a hunk av stone.”

% %k ok
“T believe every man should wear clothes
to match his hair,”’said the Poet. ‘“For
instance a black-haired man, should
wear black, a brown-haired man, brown,

a gray-haired man, gray, and so ong’

“That’s all right,”’ moaned Jingles, “but,
what the deuce would I wear? I'm bald.”

Cok ok ok

Dad had been before the judge many
times for chicken stealing and finally the
magistrate appealed to his father.

“Look here, Rastus, this is the fifth
time your boy Dad has been in this
court and I am tired of seeing him here.”

“I don’t blame yo’ jedge,”’ said Rastus
“T’se tired ob seein him here mah self,”
replied the old man.

“Then why don’t you teach him how
to act, why- don’t you show him the
right way?’’ demanded the judge. '

“Say jedge,” earnestly replied the
old man, “I done gone an’ show dat boy
\de right way a dozen times, but some-
how he allus git caught wid de chickens
on him.”

