---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_088.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESAY AUGUST 6, 1913

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

___‘.’_.—_..
EES =R EAGUEE
W I Pt WS P‘Ct
Ninth ISEEN] 01 Band 6 13: 5}?
Plasterers 4= S5 36 ST b Aty 30 16810
Cubs 14 5 .736 | Shed 2 17 .105
NATIONAL LEAGUE
WAL SRt W. I. Pet.
New York 68 30 .693 Brooklyn 43 51 .457
Philadelphia 59 85 .628 Boston 41 56 .423
Chicago 52 48 .520 Cincinnatti 4156250308
Pittsburg 50 47 .5ls St. Loouis 38 63 .376
AMERICAN ILLEAGUE
WiSE S Pet: WIS P et
Athletics 69 31 .690 Boston 478025 WATS
Cleveland 6439 621 Detroit. 43 O1SSNS
Washington 56 44 .560 St. Louis 42 65 .393
Chicago 54 51 .51+ New York 32864 333
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
Wl S Pt WAL Ret
Wilmington 53 32 624 | York 46 41 529
Allentown 46 40 535 Trenton 41 44 482
Harrisburg 46 41 529 Atlantic City 28 62 311

GAMES TO BE PLLAYED
Next week.
Library vs Band Plasterers vs Cubs
Ninth vs Shed
S b e s e S L Gl e e e

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries
will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any, who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and .detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

The President reports:—

Protest of the Library against Ninth Block,
held over.

Augie traded to Plasterers for Aleck.

Josh traded to Plasterers for 5692 and 6103.

Duckie resigns the management of Stocking
Shed to Buck.

Jore and 5558 to Cubs from Iibrary, in ex-
change for 6542 and 5110.

Jore is back in his old position with

the Cubs.

Little Freddie has sustained a wrench-
ed ankle, which will keep him out of the
game for some time.

Swig, the Band’s “professional,” shows
lack of acquaintance with bases. Twice
in Tuesday’s game with the Cubs, he
made for the corner of the Store-house
steps, instead of the bag, and both times
was caught. Takes one back to boy-
hood days, when the door-step was
first, a convenient tree, second, and a
misplaced brick, third.

GAMES OF AU AUGUST 1

Ninth vs Library—Cubs \ Band
Plasterers vs Shed

PLASTERERS SWAMP SHED

Big Ben started in the box for the
Shed this afternoon and in the first two

|innings he passed six men, allowed five

hits and seven runs, one a homer by Bar-

.|ber, and then retired to make way for

little Spetz. The latter, though a trifle
wild, was a big improvement over his
predecessor, and managed tokeep the

.| Plasterers down to four runs during the

remainder of the game. The little fel-
ing two double plays. However, the
Ducklings were entirely outclassed and
the Plasterers had no difficulty in rub-
bing it in by the score 11—3.

A painful incident of the game, occur-
ed when Curly caught a ball fielded from
center, on his right cheek-bone, and was
forced to retire. Umpire, John Henry.

— Mitch.

CUBS AND BAND TIE AGAIN

A game attended with good nature
and humor, was played to-day,
between the above teams, every minute
of which was enjoyable, and resulted in
a tie, of 2—2. A new champion has
arisen in the person of Ike, who appears
to be theidol of his team, and he caught

ito-day’s game in grand form. On two

occasions he shone conspiciously, when
he caught Freddy and Marty, a foot
from the plate, in the act of stealing.

In the 1st inning, Roge and Poet scor-
ed on passed balls, but that powerful
combination, Tommy and Freddy, held
them down ever afterwards. Why the
the Cubs’ manager did not use Freddy
in the 1st inning, probably will never be
known, but it was to say the least of it,
a very dangerous procedure. The Cubs
scored with Charlie in the third inning,
on Julius’ sacrifice. Marty’s failure to
score was due entirely to indiscreet
coaching, by which he was induced to
attempt an impossibility. In the last
inning, the Cubs fighting hard, managed
to tally with Douglas, who was running
for Timmy 2nd. He scored on a wild
throw, which for the moment raised a
technical protest. Umpire Jack.

—Henry.

low also distinguished himself by mak-|

BOOKIES LOSE ANOTHER

The Librarians and Ninth met for the
last game of the week’s series, and a fin-
er contest for supremacy, has hardly
been witnessed on the Ninth block
grounds this season ;the game going seven
innings.

Both teams played splendid ball. Lon-
gie and Charlie were in the box for the
Ninth and Library, and both were in
good form, and twirled splendid ball;
Longie struck out fourteen men, while
Charlie had six to his credit.

The most remarkable feature of the
game, was five fly balls over the first
block roof, and all five caught; three by
Bob, for the Library; and two by Chef,
for the Ninth. Neither side scored until
the fifth, when Brownie tallied the first
run for the Ninth. In the fifth Eg-
gie drove a ball over the first block roof,
making a home run. Big Jack also scor-
ed in this inning on an error. In the
first half of the seventh inning, Beef
Trust drove a vicious ball over the first
block roof, and at the last report the
ball was moving yet, making a home
run, and bringing Ban home, who had
received free transportation. Mack the
Umpire, did splendid work, both behind
the bat and on bases. Score 3—2.

— Millsy.

CUBS WIN TIE GAME

The tie game of last Friday between
the Cubs and Band was played off Tues-
day afternoon and resulted in a victory
for the former by the score, 8—2.

Tommy and Mike did the honors for
the Cubs, while the Band essayed to do
the trick with Yeap and Little Ike.
Like all other recent games between
these two teams, the play was full of in-
terest, vim and fire, from the drop of the
flag, to the sound of the whistle.

Both pitchers were wild at times, but,
good fielding held them up at critical
moments. The Band lost at least three
opportunities to score by the failure of
almost hopeless, and unnecessary at-
tempts at base stealing,

In the fourth Butt converted a single,
into a home run, through a bunch of cr-
rors, and in the ﬁfth Jore walloped out
one over the fifth block for about twenty
bases.

Swig and Dave who had been passed,
were sent home by Slim’s hit in the fifth,
making the only tallies for the band.
Umpire, Mack. — Milteh.
