---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_089.jpg
---
VOL 2 NO 22

WEDNESDAY AUGUST ]3

PRICELESS

NINTH BLOCK STILL
IN THE PENNANT RACE

Plasterers and Cubs Library and Band Doing Battle— Ninth Going
Along Easy With the Shed

The Library had the Band beaten up
to the seventh inning in last Monday’s
game, when Ban, who had held his oppo-
nents down to one run and two hits,
blew up, allowed one single, 2 two-bag-
gers and a pass, resulting in three runs,
and making the game a tie, by the score
of 4—+4.

Both teams played fine ball, and un-
doubtedly felt the effects of the ideally
beautiful weather, for their actions were
full of vim and vigor, and the game went
 forward so smoothly that seven and
one-half innings were played during the
hour.

The feature of the game was Bobbie’s
hit to the roof, scarcely twenty feet away
which counted for three bases, and his
successful steal home, under the catch-
ersarms. Umpire, the only John Henry.

—Match.

PLASTERERS vs CUBS

A game inwhich nothingof special
note transpired was played between the
above teams Monday, and it culminated
in a decisive defeat for the Cubs.

Tommy and Yaller pitched, and both
men were somewhat off color, which can
be directly traced to overwork.

Several free passes were presented by
both, and the sequel was runs scored.

The Plasterers scored 7 runs John,

" Augie, Andy, Toney 2 and Felix 2, one
of which was a home run. Up to the
last moment, the Cubs had not scored,
and it was only in the nick of time that

LEADING

Jore made a dash and saved them from
a shut out.

The game was attended by a great
deal of tom-foolery, which fogged and
annoyed the batsmen.

A little of this sort of fun is all right,
but it often leads to trouble. It would
be much wiser, when the game is in
progress, to be base-ball enthusiasts than
practical ]okers Result 7—1 Umpire
Mack. — Henry.

NINTH vs SHED

With Spetz and Duckie, on the mound
for the Shed, and Brownie for the Ninth,
these two teams met for the first game
of the week’s series. While the Ninth
came out the victor, yet they had to
| play to win. The game being held down
to the third inning before either 31de
scored.

In the third Chef passed and was
brought home on Eggie’s two-bagger,
Eggie coming home on a wild throw. In
this inning the Shed also scored two
runs, 5579 scoring on error, and Fingers
coming home on Blink’s single.

In the fourth Rube scored on error,
and Cap drove a ball over the sixth
block, but was caught by Blink.

In the fifth Leftie scored on Bobbie’s
single, who was caught out stealing third.

In the last inning a sad misfortune
happened to little Duckie, who broke
his arm while pitching a swift ball.
Score, 4—2, in favor Ninth. Umpires,

Jack and Schmity. Millsy.

LIBRARY BEAT BAND |

Win Tie Game in Exciting Contest by
Score 5—1.

The Library and Band met yesterday
afternoon on the Store house grounds to
determine the winner of the tie game
played the day before.

Yeap and Ike, Dave and Balty repre-
sented the Bandmen in the battery,
while Ban and Beef Trust worked the
heavy artillery for the Librarians.

Ban started the ball rolling by steal-
ing home in the first. In the third he
was struck by a wild ball and scored on
Slip’s double.

In this inning little Tke came home on
a passed ball, scoring the only run ob-
tained by the Band.

In the fourth, there was Hail Colum-
bia, due to the umpires’ unfamilarity
with the rules. Stew passed, reached
second and third, and was caught at the
plate. Charlie and Bob each walked,
the former scoring on Tommy’s hit. The
latter was then on second, and Bob o
third when Josh came up, hit the ball,
made first, passed second, where Tommy
was, and caught out. Bob in the mean-
time came home. The Band claimed
that Josh and Tommy were both out,
which was correct, according to the rules,
but, Walt, the base umpire, decided not.
Tommy got in on Ban’s single, which
concluded the game, as the Band could
do nothing in their half. Umpires, John
Henry, Walt. — Mutch.

The Band management announces
that in view of the glaring error of the
base umpire, as noted in the above arti-
cle, he cannot do otherwise than enter a_
formal protest.

