---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_090.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE
Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

SEoTes s Wen b s e o e
Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

SIS R S A

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,
et LR Tl e o T G T SO N

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday August 13, 1913

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries
will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any, who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

IT IS WORTH KNOWING—
TuAT they now call them policeladies.

THAT Castro, the deposed President,
has returned to Venezuela, and opened
up another revolution in that country.

THAT our new motor truckis said to
weigh 3 tons, has a capacity for 2 more,
can run 30 miles an hour, and has a list
price of $3000.

TuaAT work on thé new Subway un-
der Broad street, Philadelphia, will be
under way by Jan. 1, 1915, and furnish
employment to 2000 men.

TuAT the British government has re-
fused to take part in the San Francisco
Fair to be held to commemorate the op-
ening of the Panama Canal, and that
Germany will do likewise, unless this
Government insures its exhibitors
against piracy of designs and ideas.

THAT the United States Bureau of
Education announces that out of 65 pri-
sons in the United States and Canada,
reporting to it, 44 maintain classes, in

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 13 , 1913

which both academic and trade_subjects
are taught. Refering to this, DrA. C.
Hill of New York, says that ‘‘schools in
prisons are the expression of the highest
conception yet formed for the proper
way to deal with men and women seg-
regated from society for violation of its
laws. They are an outgrowth of the be-
lief that the door of hope must never be clos-
ed to any human being. "’

THAT from a ton of coal you can get
1,500 pounds of coke, 20 gallons of am-
monia water, and 140 pounds of coal tar.
If you distill the coal tar it will yield 69
pounds of pitch, 17 pounds of creosote, 14
pounds of heavy oils, 9 pounds of nap-
tha yellow, 6 pounds of naphthaline, 5
pounds of naphthol, 2 pounds of alazar-
in, 2 pounds of solvent naphtha, over a
pound each of auzerine, benzine, analine,
toludine, nearly half a pound of anthra-
cite and nine-tenths of a pound of tou-
lene. : '

From the last named is obtained the
valuable substance known as saccharine,
which is 230 times as sweet as the best
cane sugar, one part of it giving a very
sweet taste to a thousand parts of water.
By using a ton of coal in this way you
can get more profit out of it than by
selling it for burning.

THAT a professor attached to the
Johns Hopkins hospital, Baltimore,
claims to have discovered a panacea for
appendicitis and almost all other phy-
sical ills, by the very simple trecatment
of “smile, and don't worry.”
will probably be disputed.

His claims

WHO’'S WHO
In MacKentieville

Who chases around the livelong day,
looking for work, but, praying for play?
Who's like the -Dutchman’s proverbial
flea, who's never found, where he ought
to be? Who's little tootsies seem never
to flag, to give him time to ‘‘chew the
rag?”’ Who's got the Warden skinned a
mile, when it comes to giving the ‘‘josh-
ing”’ smile? Who's heart’s as big, as his
body’s slim? Why that clerkly gent,
that little Tim.

NOTICE
What is the number of the one who has a

| WITH THE POETS ||

I HAVE LOVED FLOWERS THAT FADE
By ROBERT BRIDGES

I have loved flowers that fade,
Within whose magic tents
Rich hues have marriage made
With sweet unmemoried scents:
A honeymoon delight—
A joy of love at sight,
That ages in an hour—
My song be like a flower!

I have loved airs that die
Before their charmis writ
Upon a liquid sky
Trembling to welcome it.
Notes that, with pulse of fire,
Proclaim the spirit's desire,
Then die and are nowhere—
My song be like an air!

Die, song, die like a breath,
And wither like a bloom;
Fear not a flowery death,
Dread not an airy tomb !
Fly with delight, fly hence !
“T'was thine love’s tender sense
To feast; now on thy bier
Beauty shall shed a tear.

Robert Bridges has just been designated as the Poet
Laureate of Great Britain, a position of honor greatly
sought by eminent literary men.

SOME HUBBARDISMS

Talk less and listen more.
Be gentle and keep your voice low.
Liveright up to your highest and best.

It is a wise guy who does not monkey
with his own destiny.

Speak well of every one, if you speak
of them at all—mnone of usis so very

| good.

Noah was six hundred years old be-
fore he knew how to build an ark—don’t
lose your grip,

Folks who never do any more than
they are paid for, never get paid for any
more than they do.

Troubles are not really troubles, unless
you quit work and incubate them—other-
wise they are only incidental diversions.

It is a greater disgrace to be sick than
to be in the penitentiary. If you are in
the pen, it is a sign that you have brok-
en some man-made statute, but, if you
are sick it is a sign that you have broken
some God-made law. ;

hair chain in the hands of the Chaplain ? The
parties it is for cannot be found. Communicate
with the Chaplain,

Your quarrel with the world is only a
quarrel with yourself.

