---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_092.jpg
---
4 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 13, 1913

Plasterers vs Ninth—Band vs Shed

Library vs Cubs
SHED WIN FROM BAND

With Rabbi on the mound for the
Shed, and Louie, and Jackson for the
Band, these two teams met for the se-
cond game of the week’s series, in which
the Shed outclassed the Band, and won
by the score 5—3.

In the first inning both Fingers and
Blink, hit two-baggers, 5896 came to the
bat and also pounded Louie for a two-
bagger bringing home Fingers, and Blink.
In the second inning, Spets, for the Shed
hit the ball to center field, went to first
base on same, stole second, and scored
on the Poet’s error.

In the third, Slim, for the Band hit a
two-bagger and came home on Rodge’s
two-bagger, who was caught out trying
to steal home.

In the fourth Slim, again scored on an
error.

In the fifth, Harry scored for the Shed
on Yeap's error.

In this inning Slim the first baseman
for the Band, made the sensational
catch of the season, running to home
plate, aud catching Rabbi’s block ball
with the bare hand.

In this inning Joe, for the Band drove
a ball over the first block roof making
a home run.

Umpires, Lippy and Jim.

— Malsy.

L

PLASTERERS vs NINTH
The Ninth met with a signal defeat at
the hands of the Plasterers
the score 8—2.

to-day by

The excitement was intense up to the
end of the fourth inning when the score
was 4—2 in favor of Plasterers, and vic-
tory by no means out of the Ninth's
reach.

Longie and Yaller represented the
teams on the mound, and the former
was horribly beat about, so much so,
that in the fifth inning he was knocked
clean out of the box, and Lefty took over
the responsibility with no better success.
Yaller pitched a splendid game for the
Plasterers; Andy caught well, and their
support was of the first-water.

Lefty scored in first inning on Timmy’s
sacrifice, and again in third, on Timmy’s

three-bagger. These were the only two
runs subscribed by the team.

Nearly all the running was done by
the Plasterers who with proper care
might have scored more runs. Doubles
and triples were quite common occurrenc-
es. Felix made a home run on errors,
and brought Tony home in first inning.
In third Stump made a triple and scored
on Tony’s sacrifice; Felix passed and scor-
ed on Augie’s triple who was caught nap-
ping. Andy made a triple in fourth,
and was caught stealing. In the fifth
and last inning four runs were aggregated
by Barber, Stump, Tony and Felix, all
of whom were presented with free pass-
es, the two lat er men scoring on Augie’s
three-bagger. Andy tripled, and would
have been put out at third if the catcher
had not interfered with Eggy. How-
ever, he was caught at home plate in
the act of stealing. '

Mack and John officiated in their well|

known and able style.
—Tlenry:

LIBRARY SHUT OUT

Ban went into the box for the Libra-
ry, in its game with the Cubs this after-
noon, and while he held them down to
five hits and struck out seven men, his
support was so bad that the Cubs had
no difficulty in shutting his team out, to
the tune of 6—0.

The Library management has again
shuffled the deck and succeeded in draw-
ing little Julius, Joe, Slick, and Jimmie,
but notwithstanding this added strength,
could do nothing in the scoring line.
Herb who was on the mound for the
Cubs, allowed omne double, and three
singles, but only one man succeeded in
reach:ng third.

An indication of the fielding of the
Library is shown in the statement, that
of five men walked by Ban, three suc-
ceeded in reaching home.

Jore's playing at third, was easily the
distinguishing feature of the game, as he
accepted every chance, making several
sensational catches, and hitting out a
three bagger. Umpires, Jack and
Schmity. — Mitch,

Marty should not take the game so
seriously. He has a good team in splen-
did working order, and he can afford to
loosen up the tension once in awhile.

AMONG THE PLAYERS

Rube and Eggie are tied for home-run
honors; both having five to their credit.

Cap leads the run-getters with a rec-
ord of 20 runs in 16 games.

Longie has a record of thirteen straight
wins.

Tommy of the Cubs shows a Pitcher’s
average of .583, but, he twirled in three
more games than Longie, and in an
average of eleven more than each of the
other five men above him.

Tony has a great record, pitching 1000,
batting .420 and ranking third among
the run-getters.

The Ninth not only lead the League
in games won, but, their players also
lead in pitching, batting, fielding and
run-getting. They look to be an easy
winner on paper.

The heavy swatters seem to have been
corralled into the camps of the Ninth
and Plasterers. The former have made
30 home runs, which is more than those
obtained by all of the other clubs com-

bined.

Duckie can lay claim to being the
“wildest”’ pitcher, passing 46 men in ten
games. He was also the hardest work-
ed, for he was obliged to face 219 bat-
ters in ten games in which he pitched.

Yaller is the steadiest pitcher, pass-
ing only 12 men in a total of eight games
played.

Cap leads the batters. In 37 times
up, he made 17 singles, 4 doubles and 4
home runs, with a total of 20 runs.

The many trades made by the Library
management in its effort to secure first
class men has sadly interfered with the
individual records of several star-players.

Little Freddie, in addition to being a
star catcher, is also some batter (.306)
and run-getter (.71).

Longie struck out 40 per cent of the
men who faced him. Verily, he is the
‘ strike-out Kid.”

From the figures at present, it looks
as though the Cubs will have to hit the

ball a little livelier, inorder to nose out

the Plasterers.
