---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_093.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 13, 1913

SAID TO BE FUNNY

I,et us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Hold-up Man to Professor—'‘Hands
up ? If you move, you're a dead man.”

Professor—‘‘You are wrong, my dear
sir. If I move it will show I am alive.
You should be more careful in the use of
your words.”

Conductor, (pointing sternly to small
boy)—*Madam that boy is more than
twelve years old, why he wears long
pants. He can’t ride on this ticket.”
Lady--“Can’t ride on that ticket because
he wears long pants ? Oh well, let him
ride on my ticket, and I will use his.”

Pat was in a museum looking at a
copy of the ‘“Winged Victory.”

“And what may ye call that?’ he
asked an attendant.

“That is a statue of Victory, sir,”’ was
the answer. :

Pat surveyed the headless and arm-
less statue with renewed interest.
“Victory, is it 2"’ he said. Then, be-
gor, I'd like to see the other fellow.”

An American, visiting Ireland, fell in-
to conversation with a native, who was
feeding his hens.

“I guess Pat, you haven’t as good hens
here as in the States ?”’

“Perhaps not,”” said Pat.

PR tell eyoul,! 'sald ' the - Yankee,
“about a hen my mother had. She went
out one day and ate a feed of corn, and
returned and laid 12 eggs. She went
out the next day and ate a feed of corn,
and laid twelve more eggs. She went
out the third day and returned and laid
12 more eggs. The fourth day she|
hatched 72 chicks out of 36 eggs. Now
that is the kind of hens we have in the
States.”

“Well,” said Pat, “Ill tell you abouta
half-blind hen my mother had. She ate
a feed of sawdust, thinking it was oat-
meal. She went in her nest and laid a
plank 12 feet long. She ate more saw-
dust the next day, and again laid a plank
12 feet long. Again, on the third day,
she ate more sawdust, and laid another
12 foot plank. She sat on the three
planks and hatched three kitchen chairs,
a sofa, a table and a mahogany chest
.of drawers. That’s the kind of hens
we have in Ireland.”

FOOD DISEASE AND CRIME

Professor Giddings, Columbia Univer-
sity, has been making an exhaustive
study of the relation of food, to disease,
crime and human inefficiency. It isas
subject that is receiving wide attention,
at the present time, from sociologists
and medical men. Careful, proper and
sufficient diet, it is claimed, is just a
necessary for the able-bodied, as for the
sick.

The Medical Times says in this con-
nection:

“Itis a conservative estimate that
one-third of the people in the large cities
of the country do not get enough to eat.
These can not be expected to make a
winning fight against tuberculosis. Prof.
Giddings thinks that human beings who
have made it possible to cross the ocean
in five days and who have made it pos-
sible to communicate the state of the
entire world into editoral rooms all over
the world every day and night could, if
wanted to, bring it about that all per-
sons in the world would have enough to
eat. Millions never have enough to eat
in a world in which hundreds of millions
worth of things are wasted every year.
Business men who are not in the least
likely to die in the poorhouse maintain
barbaric conditions in their factories
and oppose decent legislation to improve
these conditions. Prof. Giddings thinks
it will be the work of the dangerous
agitators to rectify conditions unless
others wake up and make it their bus-
iness—and soon. Otherwise we are fa-
ted to have loss of life and property and
needless bloodshed. The medical pro-
fession is taking a decided interest in the
bearings of economics upon disease.
Nobody knows better than the physician
the relation of underfeeding to tubercu-
losis and ineffectiveness of crusades that
do not include changes in the social
order.”

According to Quig, Overseer Gold-
smith of the Stocking Shed, has been
overheard to express his sorrow that
the “Yanigan’’ ball team did not take
their place in the E.S. P. League to rep-
resent the Stocking Shed.

He claims that with their remarkable
playing they would have had very little
if any difficulty in bringing the 1913
pennant to keep company with the one
of 1911, which hangs in the shed.

| thirst.

STICK TO WATER

Weak men like whiskey, also water,
and sometimes both. Strong men never
rely on stimulants. Most ‘‘drink-
ing” men are weak men. Some drink
because it is the custom, some because
they are treated, some because they
don’t want to appear too virtuous, and
some because they wrongly imagine that
it adds to their strength. In any of
these cases drinking is a sign of weakness.
Man is the only animal that eats when
he is not hungry, and drinks when he is
not thirsty. Very few men drink be-
cause they like the taste of liquor.
Drinking is often the result of a false
When the system cries for wat-
er, men translate the demand for fluid
into a call for rum. Water will quench
most any thirst. But—this was not to
be a Temperance Lecture, but a brief
paragraph to call attention to the too-
frequently formed drinking habit and
its dire results, as exemplified in so many
instances in this and other similar Insti-
tutions. — Pliny

A GLOBE TROTTINC RECORD

A new world’s record in globe trotting
was established last week by the arrival
in New York of John Henry Mears, a
newspaper man, who circled the world
in the time of 35days 21 hours 35 min-
utes and 4-5 of a second.

Mr. Mears left New York about an
hour after midnight on July 2 and travel-
led by way of Paris Harbin, Yokohama
and Vancouver.

Years ago, Jules Verne sent his my-
thical hero, Phineas Fogg, “Around the
world in Eighty Days’ on an imaginary
trip, which at that time was considered
an impossiblity.

Since then however, Nellie Bly did it in
72 days, 6 hours and 11 minutes. Gas-
ton Steigler in 73 days; Henry Frederick,
54 days 7 hours and 20 minutes, and
Andre Jaeger-Schmidt, 39 days 19 hours,
4314 minutes.

That we will in the next few years be
able to accomplish the feat within 30 days
is no longer questioned.

If Jingles hair was a wavy brown,
Instead of a fiery red,
Would it wave over, and up and down,

So as to cover his big bald head? —Quig
