---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_094.jpg
---
— 4
E. S P. - LEAGUE
WL Pet: MWisdis P‘ct’
Ninth 19 3 .863 Bz}nd z 15 .313
Plasterers {705 = o ST ibEaTy: 5 i 2?7
Cubs 15 7 - 681 | Shed 2 1936
NATIONAL LEAGUE
WL P W. I,. Pet.
New York eSS0 Brooklyn 44 56 .440
Philadelphia 61 37 .622 Boston : 44 58 .431
Pittsburg 54 49 .529 Cincinnatti 43 67 391
Chicago 55 51 .519 St. T,ouis 41 65 .387
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Wiel~Pet: W. —L. Pet
Athletics 72 34 .679 Boston 50 54 .481
Cleveland 66 43 .606 Detroit_ 46 63 422
Washington 59 47 .557 St. Louis 44 69 .38y
Chicago 58 53 .523 New York 35,67 ;.343
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
Wil SR CE W I Ret
Wilmington 57 34 626 Allentown 49 43 533
Harrisburg 50 43 538 Trenton 43 48 473
York 49 44 5y Atlantic City 30 66 312

GAMES TO BE PLAYED
Next week.
Plasterers vs Library

Band vs Ninth

Cubs vs Shed

The President reports following: B 6165 from
Band to Library in exchange for B 6572.

UPHOLD THE UMPIRE

Rule 65-Under ~ no circumstances
shall a captain, or a player dispute the
accuracy of the umpire’s judgment and
decision on a play,

Rule 63—There shall be no appeal from
any decision of either umpire on the
ground that he was not correct in his
conclusions as to whether a batted ball
was fair or foul, a base runner safe or
out, a pitched ball a strike or ball, or
on any other play involving accuracy of
judgment.

Rule 26-Section 4. If a team employ
tactics palpably designed to delay the
game, it may be declared forfeited.

Rule 26-Section 4. If the order for
the removal of a player be not obeyed
within one minute, the game may be
forfeited.

Athletics dropped another game to
Chicago yesterday

John, captain of the Ninth desires us
to state that if the members of his team
continue to play about and act like babies

Errors were scare.

on the grounds instead of men, he will|

take steps, immediately, to trade such
players.

Swig has been transferred. to the Cubs
from the Band, to supply ‘the needs of
the former for a catcher to replace little
Freddie, who is out of thegame fora
while, with a sprained ankle.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 13

Plasterers vs Ninth—Band vs Shed
Library vs Cubs

BAND vs. STOCKING SHED

The above teams clashed to-day, and
in a full nine-inning game, decided the
series in favor of the former. The game
was played with much energy, and the
victory was in the balance all the time.

Rabbi and Yeap represented the
teams in the box, and both pitched well.
Very few free passes were issued and
The Poet scored in

% | splendid style on Sweety’s hit,opening the

ball for the Band in the fourth inning.
Slim scored on Hank’s two-bagger, as-
sisted by a wild throw.
clear circles;

Slick made two
Julius, sitting in judg-
ment upon himself, ruled himself out at
first, when as a matter of fact, he was
as safe as the U. S. Treasury.

In the ninth Yeap scored on the third
baseman’s fumble. The Shed made play
with John, who scored on Joe’s sacrifice
in the second inning. Fred singled on
mishap, and Julius got to third and fad-
ed. Joe scored on Spetz’s double in the
eighth. John Henry was in his usual
merry vein, and kept the game alive.

Result 6—2 in favor of Band.— Henry.

PLASTERERS WIN EASILY.

Handsome Jack, the ginger cake mak-
er, and one of the Duckling’s cast-offs,
stepped up daintly to the plate, in the
first inning of the game between the
Plasterers and the Ninth this afternoon,
when there were three men on the bases
and whacked the ball straight up the road
to where Bill should have been to the
Stocking Shed, driving in three runs and
completing the circuit himself. Prior
to this little play, Stump and Barber
had each scored, so that the husky Plas-
terers rested easy with six good big runs
as a starter.

- In the fourth, this same Jack sent An-
dy home and got there himself on a pas-
sed ball, while in the fifth, Felix drove
one over the sixth block for three bags,
eventually reaching the plate, while
Augie who had been sent to first also
tallied in this inning.

For the Ninth, Cap scored in the sec-
ond, and Chef and Lefty each tallied
one in the third inning, which was the

s 1913

wind-up of the run getting for the lead-

Cap made a desperate attempt to
reach home in the fourth, but was tag-
ged at the plate. In the fifth, Bill fell
into a clever trap set for him by Tony,
and was caught at second. l

Only eighteen men in five innings fac-
ed Yaller, who was in the box for the
Plasterers, and of these, he struck out
seven. The mighty Rube never touched
him, fanning both times up.

Twenty-six Plasterers faced Big Jack,
the Ninth’s twirler, and touched him up
for eight hits and a total of ten runs.

The game was remarkable for the fact,
that not once was the decisions of the
umpire questioned. Score 10—3. Um-
pire Mack.

— Mutceh.

LIBRARY WIN FROM CUBS

The sassy Cubs met the Librarians to-
day for the final game of the week’s series
and suffered Jingles’ rejuvenated worms
to tie their tails upinto eight big knots.

They swatted that little cub Tommy,
and the big bear cub Herb all over the
field, notwithstanding the growls and
scratchings of the seven other little cubs,
uniil in the end, it was a very sorry look-
ing lot of cubsies.

Worm Josh was particulary active in
annoying his play fellows, and had the
satisfaction of tying the first knot. Ban,
Charlie, Beef Trust, Slip and Louie, were
other worms who each added kinks in
the Cubs’ tails, which became very sore
under this unusual treatment.

However, Cub Charlic and fat cub,
Jore managed to save the whole litter
from being entirely shut out of the play
for they cach managed to work in a knot
on the Worms, before they were all tied
up. Score 8—2 Umpires, Lippy, and
Schmithy — Mullsy.

In the game between the Ninth and
Stocking Shed, last Monday, little Ducky
met with an accident, that was as painful
as unusual. While delivering the ball from
the pitcher’s box, he snapped the bone
of his left arm, between the elbow and
shoulder, and will of course be out of
the game for the balance of the scason.

Cleveland is gradually overtaking the
mighty Athletics, and the struggle Ee-
tween these teams promises to be ah
event in base-ball history.

