---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_095.jpg
---
VOL. 2 NO. 2¢3

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF R

WEDNESDAY AUGUST 20, 1913

FIRST DIVISION WALKING AWAY

ECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

PRICELESS

CUBS vs. SHED

FROM THEIR OPPONENTS| With Rabbi, Herb and Tommy on the

Strongest Teams Arrayed Against Weaker Ones—Will Only Serve to
Widely Separate Two Divisions

In the games scheduled for this week,
the three leading teams are arrayed
against the three weaker ones, and as
the former so entirely outclass the lat-

ter, excite but little interest. However,

as it is usually the unexpected that hap-
pens, it is to be hoped that the tail-enders
will spring a surprise, and win several
of the games from their confident com-

petitors.
NINTHY9 BAND1

Davis went into the Band box on
Monday afternoon and held the formi-
dable Ninth scoreless until the fifth in-
ning, when his support blew up and four
runs came over the plate, one a homer
by Cap, who repeated the performance
in the next inning.

In the seventh Julius tried a little bit
of cricket tossing for the Band, which
resulted in four more tallies for the
Ninth, one of them a home run by Rube,

_with a beauty clean over the east wall.

The Band led off with a single run in
the first, and from that time on to the
fifth played ball like veterans, when they
simply went to pieces. Slim, their long-
legged first baseman, being particularly
awkward, and in need of ginger.

Brownie did the honors for the Ninth,
and while he was hit freely, by every
one of the Bandsmen, his support was so
good that onlyone run could be charg-
ed against him. Score 9—1. Umpire,

Lippy. — Miteh.

PLASTERERS vs LIBRARY

After the Library’s performance of
last week, a close contest was expect-
ed between them and the Plasterers to-
day. A disappointment was in store,
because the Plasterers, through a large
percentage of luck, had it all their own
way, and brought the game to a conclu-

sion with a shut-out.
Ban and Yaller pitched for their re-

|spective teams, and the latter pitched an

exceptionally good game.

Ban has not had much practice this
season, which accounts for a little defici-
ency in that direction; but to say the
least, his suppot to-day was putrid.
Nearly all the runs were obtained on er-
rors. Jack scored in the second inning
on an overthrow. Andy in the fifth
scored a home run with extreme luck.
Jack scored on Barber’s sacrifice. Stump
scored on third base-man’s error. Andy
was sandwiched between second and
third, and in the last inning Barber scor-
ed on Tony’s triple. Yaller and Barber
executed a nice double play which in-
convenienced Slip and Louie somewhat,
and Stump made a spectacular catch, of
an outfield fly. The Library had oppor-
tunities to break their duck’s egg. One
occured in the third inning,when Stew hit

a two-bagger, and none out. Josh tore
off a smoking single to center but was
Result, 5—2.

— Henry.

caught stealing third.
Umpire, Mack,

mound for their respective teams, the
Shed and Cubs met for the first game of
the week’s series, and a snappy five in-
ning contest was witnessed, in which
the Cubs came out victors, but they
were compelled t0 play to win. Both
teams were in splendid form, and each
inning from beginning to end was full of
vim and vigor.

In the first inning Herb scored on a
wild throw, and Jordan driving one over
the twelfth block roof, made a home
run, landing at the home plate in his
stocking feet, as he lost his shoes on the
way around.

In this inning Fingers for the Shed
singled, stole safe to second and third,
and came home on John’s sacrifice.

In the end of the third inning, Frankie
for the Shed, scored on an error, tying
the score.

In the first half of the fifth, Herb sin-
gled, stole safe to second and third, and
came home on a wild throw.

In the last half of the fifth, Tommy
merely toyed with his adversaries, filling
up three bases, then settled down to
business, allowing Blink to hit, who was
caught by Herb, making a double play.
Both teams gave their pitchers good
support, making splendid catches in
outer field.

Umpire—John Henry. — Mzillsy.

The Band and Library have made
enough changes in their teams to stock
the whole League. Instead of giving
the new player a fair chance to make
good, they ditch him after one or two
games, and hang on to a bunch of meal
tickets, who never will learn the game.
