---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_096.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESAY AUGUST 20, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Printed at the FEastern State Penitentiéry
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columus, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday August 20, 1913

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries

will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any,who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

ARRANGEMENTS are being made for a
course of lectures here during the com-
ing Fall and Winter, and as they will be
wholly of an educational character, made
especially attractive through the use of
appropriate illustrations, they should be
a source of great pleasure to those for-
tunate enough to be able to attend.

It is unfortunate that the school room
is not of a size sufficiently large, to per-
mit a greater attendance of men. The
big room over the Stocking Shed, how-
ever, would make an ideal Lecture Hall,
and afford adequate accomodations.

THE WARDEN of the Iowa State Peni-
tentiary has uncorked a new idea. He
says, that in his opinion, all criminals
are convicts, but, all convicts are not
criminals. He kas an unique way of de-
termining the difference: He sends
them out, ‘‘on honor,”’ to cut ice and do

chores for the farmers in the neighbor-

hood. If they come back, they are mer-
ly convicts; if they keep on going, they

are hardened criminals.
test.

At present, the institution has a ca-
pacity for about six hundred inmates,
but, it is said, steps will soon be taken
to provide for 5000.

Out in Kansas, they have recently ap-
pointed a warden in the person of an ex-
Congressman, and Methodist minister,
who while new to the Warden business,
has original ideas in the matter of hand-
ling convicts. He says:

A very simple

“I regard every man, in prison or out, as my
brother, although I find that some of my broth-
ers are instinctive criminals and have to be re-
strained. Some are made criminals by en-
vironment; some are in prison because of some
sudden and violent temptation. All possess
some good. My experience and observation
are that liquor does more to fill our prisons
than any other cause. Most of the parole vio-
lations are traceable directly to this habit.

“The notion that a penitentiary is a place to
wreak vengeance upon the criminal is repug-
nant to the sentiment of our times. T'he mod-
ern and humane thought is, that punishment for
crime comnsists of depriving the criminal of 1ib-
erty and requiring him to perform useful labor.
The fundamental purpose of it all is reforma-
tion.”’

He firmly believes in the efficacy of
work and the Gospel, as means of refor-
mation, and will see that the men under
him, will have plenty of both.

In the meantime, the Mayor of Mac-
Kentieville, is not doing much talking;
he is too busy putting some of his own
theories into practice.

WHO’'S WHO
In MacKentieville

Who umps, and umps, and umps some
more, and renders decisions that make
you sore? Who calls a ball a strike, and
a strike a ball, and shouts “you’re out,”
when you are not at all? Who calls a
bad foul, a very fair hit, and won't re-
nig; no never a bit? Who’sface beams
joy and sweet content? Why that mer-
ry guy, that John Henry, gent.

A certain dignity of manner is abso-
lutely necessary, to make even the most
valuable character, either .respectable,
or respected, in the world.

—Lord Chesterfield.

I pity no man because he has no work.
If he is worth his salt, he will work. I

envy the man who has a work worth do-
ing, and does it well.— Theodore Roosevelt.

THE OTHER LOVE

The love you had for her, my boy,
Before your hopes were blasted,

Was blissful, blended, fire and joy,
And glorious while it lasted,

One love remains for you niy boy,
Fixed firm, as the mountain ranges,

Tis the other love the Mother love,
The love that never changes.

And so when things have gone amiss,
And memory swings her lashes,
Reminding you of some mad bliss,
That turned to dead sea ashes,
Like some small boy you creep back home,
To find where grief assails you,
The other love, the Mother love,
The love that never fails you,
—B 6290.

WHY JOHNNY FAILED.

Johnny had a little mind it was his very own,
And nothing could be put into it, except by him alone,
It wasn’t very big it’s true, but there was room inside
For lots.of fine things chosen, just as Johnny should
decide.
Mother gave to him all sorts of good advice,
But Johnny never putit in, orthought about it twice.
But all the wicked thingsthe boys around the corner said
Why, Johnny picked them up at once, and put them in
: his head:
At school the teacher tried her best, to give him facts and
rules,
Now ! —Johnny loved that Teacher, but how he hated
schools.
He picked up brag and vulgar slang, cheap novels too—
ten deep.
And filled his mind till it was like a rubbish heap.
So when the day of Manhood came, when Johnny
searched his mind
For skill and Power it played him false, and nothing

could he find,
But worthless thoughts, and wicked thoughts and so he

failed. alas !
Is any other boy who reads, coming to Johnny’s pass ?

T —Spider.
EPIGRAMS

The manner of saying or doing any-
thing goes a great way toward the value
of the thing itself.

Cheerfulness throws sunlight on all the
paths of life.

Accept your lot as a man does a piece
of rugged ground, and begin to get out
the rocks and roots, to deepen and mel-
low the soil, to enrich and plant it.

There would not be so many open

mouths, if there were not so many open
ears.

Small kindnesses, small courtesies,
small considerations, habitually prac-
ticed in our social intercourse, give a
greater charm to the character than the
display of great accomplishments.

Behavior is a mirror in which every-
one shows his image.
