---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_097.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 20, 1913

GAMES OF AUGUST 13

Plaisterers vs Cubs—Ninth vs Shed
Band vs Library

PLASTERERS SHUT OUT CUBS

There wasa glorious battle to-day be-
tween Yaller of the Plasterers, and Tom-
my of the Cubs, when the latter were
shut out by the score of 1—0, in one of
the most brilliant games ever seen on
these grounds.

Seven full innings were played, during
which, Yaller struck out nine men and
allowed two hits, while Tommy struck
out the same number, and was hit four
times.

In the first, Tony hit, and reached
home on Felix’ single, and it was not
until the seventh, that the Plasterers
succeeeded in having another man reach
third, where he died.

The two hits made by the Cubs were
singles by Herb and Woody, both reach-
ing third, but failing to come home
through the want of an opportune hit.

The fielding of both teams was fault-
less, and abounded in sensational plays.
Umpire, Mack. — Mitch.

—————— ———

BAND AND LIBRARY

With Yeap and Louie on the mound
the Library and Band met to-day for
the second game of the week’s series.

Both teams played good ball and it
was only through lack of judgment and
poor coaching, that the Jingle bells lost.

Josh, for the Librarians in the first
inning,drove a ball over the First Block

roof making a three bagger, but failed

to score. In this inning Poet scored for
the Band.

In the beginning of the third inning
Josh again drove a ball over the First
Block roof making a home run. To

Josh, therefore must be giving all credit,

both for scoring and splendid playing,
having scored the only run made by the
Librarians, and assisting in six men out
at third. The game stood tie, up until
the seventh inning, and every one was
expecting a replica of Monday’s game
but in the seventh inning, Dave who
had received free transportation, scored

NINTH AND SHED TIE

A base ball game is never lost until it
is won. This fact was never more raci-
ly demonstrated than in to-day’s game
between the Ninth and the Stocking
Shed.

With the clouds hanging low, and a
storm threatening, at 4:50 p. m., the
game was apparently safe in the keep-
ing of the star team, by the score 6—2.
However, to the surprise of everybody,
through endless errors on the part of the
Ninth, the Ducklings were enabled to
score four additional runs, and turn a
most apparent defeat, into a tie.

Blink caught Cap’s outfield fly when
Lefty wason third, and thereby prevent-
ed a sure brace of runs. Rubescored on
a passed ball, and Eggie and Aleck scor-
ed on wild throws. Chef, Bobbie and
Lefty scored in the fifth. '

For the Shed, Spetz scored on an er-
ror in the first, and in the third, an op-
portunity to win the game was lost
through want of proper judgment.

In the fourth, Spetz was put out at
the plate through Rabbi’s scandalous
coaching, which lured the little man to
attempt the ridiculous.

Frankie tallied on an overthrow, and
John (twice) and Rabbi were caught
stealing home. At this stage, the score
was 6—2 in favor of the Ninth, and at
the last moment, Fingers, Rabbi, Spetz
and another, with the assistance of a host
of errors, scored, and tied the game.

—Henry.

SHED OUT-CLASSED

The Rabbi did the hardest work of his
life on Thursday afternoon, when he
went into the box for the Shed, and
bravely tried to pitch his team to vic-
tory,in the play-off of their tie game with
the Ninth.

During the seven innings. he was fac-
ed by 34 men to whom he served 173
balls, and who touched him up for five
singles, three doubles, and two home
runs; a total of twelve runs.

The Shed could do nothing with Big
Jack, until the fourth, when Fingers hit
him for three bases, coming home on
Frankie's sacrifice. Blink also scored in
this inning. In the sixth, Fingers who
had singled, got home on Frankie's hit
right into big Jack’s eye. Timmy then
‘went in for the Ninth, and of course, the

on an error, winning the game for the
Band. Score 2—1. Umpire Lippy and
Schmitty. — Millsy.

Shed could do nothing with his erratic
curves and the game was over, Score,
192-——=3. — Mitch.

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

““He is in ‘Who’s Who,’ I believe? "’
“Yes, but he is much more prominent
in ‘Here’s How!”’

“There’s one thing I want to see while
I am in Europe.”

““And that is? "’

“The Hungarian goulash in session.’

“You can judge a man’s character by
the way he acts when he has a tooth
pulled.”

“I'd very much rather size him up by
the way he goes on when he has his leg
pulled.”

Duckie says, he would have had
Jingles’ scalp long ago, if he could only
have found it.

Small boy— (anxiously) ‘‘Please, mis-
ter, I want a cents worth of sausage.”
Butcher— (haughtily) *‘Go smell o’the
hook.”

Little Willie was very much surprised
to see a tribe of Indians, at the “mov-
ies,” painting their faces, and was told
that it was their usual custom before
going out to ‘“‘scalp, tomahawk and mur-
der.” '

The following evening while his sister’s
sweetheart was awaiting her arrival in
the parlor, he heard an agonized shriek
from the little fellow as he rushed down
the stairway crying, ‘“‘watch out every-
body, sister’s getting ready to scalp,
tomahawk and murder.”

“] tell you, jedge’” said Uncle Israel,
“dem chickens was roostin’ right on my
way home; en I say to myself, ‘I don’t
believe the Lawd would er put dem
chickens right in my way ef he hadn't
wanted me to take ’em to relieve de
famine I got in my house, so I took
'em.”’

“T guess you mistook the meaning of
the Lord,” said the judge, “‘else he would
not have let you get caught as he did.”

“No suh; gittin’ caught ain’t got noth-
in’ to do wid it. It dependson yo’ now.
Will yo’ back de Lawd up, or will yo’
turn him down? I had my chance en’
tuck it. Now de question is: Will yo’
take yo’ chance?”’
