---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_098.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESAY AUGUST 20, 1913

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

RIS SENR SNV E A GIIE
W EoBeti W. L. Pct.
Ninth 22 .808 Band Shale 8320
Plasterers 20 &5 .800 Library 6 19 .240
Cubs 16 9 .640 | -Shed 2a 228 S10()
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Wl R et . W Rt
New York 77 34 .69 | Brooklyn 59 59 454
Philadelphia 64 41 .610 | Boston 46 63 .422
Chicago 62# 51 ER549 Cincinnatti 4572 .383
Pittsburg 58 53 .528 St. Louis AN
AMERICAN LEAGUE
WEST - sPet- o WIS Pet,
Athletics 74 88 .661 | Boston 53 57 .482
Cleveland 69 46 .600 | Detroit 49 66 .426
Washington 63 49 .563 | St. Louis 45 73 .581
Chicago 62 55 .530 ] New York 38 69 .353
TRI-STATE LEAGUE
. Wi Parh e W. L. Pct
Wilmington 62 36 633 Allentown 51 47 520
York 53 46 535 Trenton 45 54 455
Harrisburg 52 47525 Atlantic City 34 67 337

GAMES TO BE PLLAYED
Next week.
Plasterers vs Band
Ninth vs Cubs

Library vs Shed

The President reports following:

6731, a new arrival signed with the Cubs.
5535 (Chee Chaw) has signed with the Stock-
ing Shed.

BAND vs LIBRARY

The tie game of Friday was decided
Saturday, and never was a stronger or
fiercer battle fought inside these walls.
The fusilade was terrific, making the
surrounding domes shriek for mercy.
Both teams played their utmost for sup-
remacy, and the Band after making a
tremendous bid for victory were defeat-
ed Home runs galore, were scored, and
20 balls were lost, in all directions.

Louis, Charlie and Ban pitched for
Library; Yeap for Band, and some very
choice offerings were crashed in.

Space will not permit of details; the
game briefly, is as fo.lows:—

26 runs were aggregated; 12 being
homers.

For the Library, Tommy, Mike, Slip,
Louis (2) Charlie (2) and Bob (2), made
home run swats.

Slip (2) Louis (2) Stew, Mike, Beef
Trust and Ban, scored, and Slip made
(2) doubles, and Louis one.

In the 6th inning 8 runs were bunched,
5 of which were home runs.

The Band scored with Slim, (2) and
Swig who made boundary licks. Swig,
Roge, Slim and Ike, (2) also scored.
Slim tripled and doubled, and Yeap hit
a 2-bagger. Julius brought in 3 runs,
but failed to register himself.

Result; 18—S8, and John Henry offici-

ated. =TT 67)5;37‘:

GAMES OF AUGUST 15

Plasterers vs Cubs—Ninth vs Shed| g,

Band vs Library

CUBS DEFEATED

The Plasterers, and Cubs met for the
last game of the week’s serieson Friday,
and the former secured an easy victory
by the score 5—2.

Tommy and Yaller pitched, for their

5 | respective teams, and both men felt the

strain of overwork, especially Tommie,
who appeared entirely outdone, and al-

s | though he did his best, he was no match

for the husky Plasterers.

The latter scored five runs, by Andy,
(2) Augie, Barber, and Felix.

The Cubs were held down to the fifth
inning when Woody scored the first run,
No further runs were tallied on either
side until the last inning,when Jore came
home for the Cubs. Umpire, Mack.

—Millsy

BAND AND LIBRARY TIE.

Amid most salubrious conditions in
every way, the above game was played
to a tie, and never, in our recollection,
was a game followed. with more intense
interest by the fans.

The teams are pretty evenly matched,
the men sleek as race horses, trained to
the hour, and above all, extremely zeal-
ous players.

Ban opposed Yeap on the hill, and
both pitching and fielding were superb.

The feature of the game was Wilfred’s
splendid catch of Louis’ equally magnifi-
cent clout to the wall in the 5th inning.

The Library sustained a severe check
in the loss of Josh, their famous third-
baseman, who dislocated his thumb.
He did splendid work, making two doub-
les, which materialized runs on each oc-
casion.

Ban and Stew each scored a home
run, and the final runs were made by
Louis, (home run) and Beef Trust.
The Library missed a splendid opportun-
ity to score, when Tommy inju-
diciously attempted to steal third and
was caught. Slim, for the Band, tripled
and scored on Ike’s home run. The lat-
ter is the smartest little player who has
ever played in our League.
and Yeap tripled in the third inning.

Swig scored |

Ike passed, stole third very cleverly, and
was scored by Julius in the fourth in-
ning, who was caught stealing at third.
n struck out 13 men, and deserved
a victory.

John Henry umpired with his usual
efficiency. — Henry.

Owing to the Stable grounds being en-
cumbered with building material, the
game scheduled for today, between the
Ninth and Shed was postponed.

In order that the men from the blocks
might not be disappointed, however, an
exhibition game between the two teams
was played, which was neither base-ball
nor humor.

The Ninth are a pretty classy lot of
ball players, but, as a bunch of comedi-
ans, they are a rank failure.

The postponed game of the Ninth and
Stocking Shed was played on Saturday,
and resulted in favor of the former, by
the score, 10—2.

The Shed was hopelessly outclassed,
and the game devoid of interest.

Timmy, manager of the Ninth, who is
to leave us shortly, has appointed Sam,
better known as “Chef," as acting man-
ager of the Ninth, pending the selection
of a permanent leader.

Duckie with his arm in a sling, and
sporting a big Perfecto was a disgusted
witness of the game between the Ninth
and Shed last Saturday. His only com-
ment was, ‘my Gawd, it was orful.”

Yeap pitched six straight games last
week, and on Saturday. when the Band
played the Library, he was all in.

The Yanigans had the temerity to
clash with the South Street Delegates
yesterday afternoon, and in consequ-
ence were trimed by the score 6—5.

The Fourth block met and defeated
the Green House men yesterday after-
noon by the score of 10—6.

Harris pitched for the Fourth, and
would have made the defeat even worse
than it was, had. it not been {or ithe
many outrageous errors of the short
stop. However, no lives were lost.

Yeap did some hard work last week.
He pitched in six games of which he
won 1, tied 3, lost 2. One of the games
lost has been protested.

LLOST—One Hartz Mountain Canary bird.
Return to A 6474 12 Gallery 2. Reward.
