---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_099.jpg
---
VOL 2 NO 24

PRICELESS

SEASON’S WIND UP|=

Great Interest Manlfested in Closing
Games—Ninth Seem to Have
the Pennant Nailed
Season a Big Success.

As the base ball season is drawing to
a close, interest in the final games is be-
coming intense, and centered around the
Ninth, Plasterers and Cubs, whose re-
cent performance justifies the belief
that the final strugle will be noteworthy,
and conducted with that due regard to
true sportsmanship thatis characteristic
of the great American game.

No championship games between the
big Leaguers, is looked forward to gvith
keener anticipation than those of the final
games between the leaders in the E.S.P.
League, and if the Cubs or Plasterers
should succeed in ousting the Ninth from
their seemingly secure first position,
there would be great joy in MacKentie-
ville. For it is rather a singular condi-
tion that while the Ninth block boys
have attained their leadership solely
through their merits, the fact remains
that a great majority of the men are
rooting for the other clubs.

The contests this season have been
conducted with an earnestness, and re-
gard for the niceties of the sport, that
at one time was considered as almost
impossible. This conduct has not been
confined to the players, but the men on
the Blocks have performed their part as
interested spectators, and rooted for the
favorites with an enthusiasm, which for
the time at least carried them far away
from any other thoughts than those in-
spired by the struggle which they were
witnessing, It is a pleasure to note how

read1ly the men conformed to the rules
governing their conduct at the games,
and at no time permitted their enthusi-
asm to run away with their discretion.

All of the rules governing the big
League were incorporated in the ones
adopted here as far as possible, and
while it has been difficult to secure the
proper umpires, those who served in that
capacity, were at least honest in their
judgments, and all teams suffered equal-
ly by their mistakes.

A record of all players has been kept,
and the games have been regularly
reported in these columns, through
which the inmates of the entire
institution were in touch with local base-
ball conditions.

Several times it has been dcemed ad-
visable to give the the players an oppor-
tunity to recover from the effects of
their vigorous play, but the casualties
have been trifling, and were more than
off-set by the improyement in health,
spirits, disposition, and regained interest
of the men.

The Athletics are meeting with serious
reverses through injuries to several of
their star players. However, they have
left the dangerous precincts of Cleveland,
and it will only be by the rankest sort
of luck, if they fail to land a majority of
the games yet to be played, before com-
ing home.

Dealers in the vicinity of the institu-
tion report that there is absolutely no
demand for base balls this year. Should
say not, when as high as twenty balls
have gone over the walls during one
game, and none ever come back. The
adhesive tape Trust should declare an
extra dividend this year.

BAN D AWD LIBRARY

The contest for fourth place now ex-
isting between these two teams is fully
as interesting as those between the three
leaders, for they are very evenly match-
ed, and never concede a game lost until
the last man is out, or the whistle blows.

The Band now has the advantage of
a two game lead, but, is somewhat weak
in the pitching department, with only
Yeap to depend on. The Library is
considerably better off in this direction,
for while they have no ‘stars,” they
have four men who can go in and twirl
pretty fair ball for about three innings.
Big Louie cannot always be depended
on, but once in awhile, when he is feel-
ing right, he can put up a good fight.
The same applies to Ban, while Mike
and Charlie have both done well at
times.

‘The Band is also dreadfully. weak in
its first baseman, whose playing is too
erratic to justify his guardianship of so
important a position. The Library, on
the contrary, has secured a bang-up man
in Slip, to fill this bag, and he is also a
good batter, who knows how to run.

In other positions there is very little
difference between these men, but as
they are all playing earnestly, there is al-
ways an element of doubt existing dur-
ing their games together which is only
removed when they are entirely over.

While the pennant is entirely beyond
their reach at this late day, at the same
time the honor of leading the second di-
vision is a goaljone of them must attain
and worth striving for.

Connie Mack’s response to Big Jack’s
request for a supply of base balls was as
prompt as it was liberal.
