---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_100.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 27, 1913

THE UMPIRE

-
Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

S e R e
Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomesavailable Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday August 27, 1913

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds. .

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries
will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any, who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

A wmosT insidious piece of flattery was
injected into a recent communication to
the Editor, when it was addressed, ‘“To
the Auditor of the Empire.”

A LOCAL PAPER SAYS, ‘that it is al-
ways to the man who has a job, that
the better one is offered. The fact that
a man is out of work being too often ac-
cepted as prima facie evidence that he
deserves to be.”

This statement expresses a fact, that
only in a few instances can be contra-
verted, always excepting sickness as a
cause, of course. If the man who is out
of a job will be honest with himself, and
go over in his own mind the causes lead-
ing up to it, he will invariably find
that he has shown some deficiency,
which rendered his dismissal a matter
of expediency to his employer. He may
have been a fair,or even a good mechanic,
or clerk, or salesman or whatever his vo-
cation, but was lacking in some other es-
sential which made him objectionable.

All of us have met the skilled mechan-

ic with the ‘“‘swelled head” who firmly
believes that the business would go to
the bow-bows, were it not for him. That
man is objectionable to his fellow work-
men and employer, alike, and his place
will be vacant, the moment the proper
man comes along.

Another man, otherwise efficient, will
have a surly,quarrelsome disposition,that
is sure to unfavorably affect his co-work-
ers to an extent that his absence is desir-
able, in order to maintain that complete
harmony, necessary in a working force.

Similar instances could be multiplied
many times, but just these two are men-
tioned to illustrate the point that in or-
der to succeed, you must not only know
your work and do it the best you are
able, but, you must also regulate your
deportment and habits, so that they
will not come into conflict with the rights,
privileges and comforts of others.

THERE IS a great big lesson in the fol-
lowing:

THE people of the United States con-
sumed 143,220,000 gallons of whiskey
and brandy, and 65,246,000 barrels of
beer during the fiscal year of 1913, re-
sulting in revenue to the government
alone, $222,788,000. The amount paid
by the actual consumer, was about five
times this amount. Enough to buy
baby several pairs of shoes.

WHO'S WHO
In MacKentieville

Who wastes enough of printer’s ink, to
make ten billion people think? Who be-
lieves he is some actor man, and got all
others in a can? Who's greed for the lus-
cious ginger cake, easily absorbs, all the
baker’s make? Who sings in a voice so
sweet and clear, of the winsome charms
of Sadie dear? Who's constant spiel 1is
of his best girl? Why, that Reading gent,
that boss Printer—Earl.

FORWARD

Let us have done with vain regrets
and longings for the days that will nev-
er be ours again. Our work lies in front,
not behind us; and ‘“forward’ 1s our
motto. Let us not sit with folded hands
gazing upon the past as if it were the
building; it is but the foundation. Let
us not waste heart and life thinking of
what might have been, and forgetting
the ““may be’’ that lies before us.

B 659).

| WITH THE POETS ||

YOU FIRST.

It doesn’t cost a penny,
No matter who you be,

To wish a man ‘‘good morning,”’
And thereby let him see,

You know that he isliving, -
And know he’s human too;

It’s better, too, for you.

It doesn’t cost a penny,
To always be polite,
And if the world would heed it,
There’d never be a fight,
Just think how very happy
Our lives would be and true,
If every one would whisper,
““Alphonso, after you.”
—TE:

JUST DON’T

Do you feel you'd like to quit? Don’t !
Get to feeling you don’t fit? Don’t!
Do you want to yell ‘“‘all in”’
'Cause your wind’s a little thin
And you think you’ll never win?

Don’t!
There’s a kick you want to make? Don’t!
There’s a head you want to break? Don’t!
Do you feel you want to whine
Like a genuine canine
And send blue streaks down the line?

Well, Don’t!
When you see a chance to duck, Don’t
When you want to chuck your luck, Don’t !
Keep right on without a stop
And you'll surely show up on top.
If, just when you want to flop,

5 You Don’t!
—C. L. Armstrong

The soul would have no rainbow, had
the eyes no tears. — Cheney.

Drudgery is the gray angel of success.
—Gannet,

Anger is a bondage over our eyes.
— B E  Benson.

Expediency is man’s wisdom; doing
Right, God’s. — Gleorge Meredith.

Failures but carve a pathway to suc-
cess. —Alfred Austin.

Do as well as you can to-day, and
perhaps tomorrow you may be able to
do better. — Newton.

Any man may commit a mistake, but
none but a fool will continue in it.
— Chcero.

If you wish success in life, make per-
severance your bosom friend, experience
your wise counsellor, caution your elder
brother, and hope your guardian genius.

— Addison.
