---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_101.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 27, 1913

w

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Counsel—Then you think he struck
you with malice aforethought?
Witness (indignantly)—You can’t mix

me up like that. I've told you twice he
hit me with a brick. There was'nt no
mallets nor nothin’ of the kind about.

Professor Wiegandt—So you want to
learn music. What instrument would
you prefer to play?

Spider—Well, I've always thought I'd
like to be a soloist on a cash register.

“You don’t call yourself purty, do
yer?'’ asked Blink, sarcastically.

‘I do, when you're around’ replied
Yeap.

“Lissen to dat will you. Me? Why I
took a prize in a beauty show, down to
de Zoo, I did,” boasted Blink.

“What you doing with that canary
wrapped up in a blanket, and stuck un-
der the bed?’’ asked the Overseer.

“Would’'nt quit singing when I told
him, and I've got him in Klondyke," re-
plied John.

Ban—*‘How yo’ feelin’ ter day, Jawn
Henry? "’

J. H—*Right peart, t'ank yo’ Mis’er
Ban, right peart.”

Ban—‘‘Ah was talkin’ wid de Mayor
'bout, yo', an’ he sez, yo' sho does hol’
yo're color well dese warm days.”

This is a real funny one: Jingles has
requested us not to make any further
comment on his bald head in this col-
umn.

“Mrs. Van Million is back from Eu-
rope.”’

“And what is she so puffed up about?”’

“Because she smuggled in two pack-
ages of foreign cigarettes.”

“What's this? I hear you had your
face smashed in a barber shop.”

“You heard wrong. The barber only
broke my mug.”

A squaw’s tongue runs faster than the
wind’s legs.

An Indian scalps his enemy, the pale-
face skins his friends.

When a man prays one day and steals
six, the Great Spirit thunders and the
Evil One laughs.

FACTS ABOUT YOURSELF

The bones of the average man weigh
twenty pounds; those of a woman about
fourteen pounds. Although every chem-
ist knows the constituents of a bone, no
process of artificially manufacturing one
has yet been invented.

A healthy man, about thirty years of
age, should lift two hundred and forty
pounds with both hands, and support
three hundred and thirty pounds on his
shoulders.

A man has sufficient fat in his com-
position to make fourteen pounds of can-
dles, and enough phosphorus and other
materials to make ninety-eight cubic
yards of illuminating gas and eight hun-
dred and twenty-thousand matches

From one’s body can also be obtained
twenty one teaspoonfuls of salt, fifty
lumps of sugar, forty quarts of water,

and hydrogen enough to fill a balloon|;

capable of lifting one hundred and fifty-
five pounds.

Your finger nails do not all grow with
the same degree of rapidity. The nail
of the middle finger grows the fastest,
and that of the thumb the slowest.

Boys who are tall for their age are us-
ually born in summer, and those born in
November are shortest. The average
girl born in summer or Fall is stronger,
physically, than one born in other sea-
sons.

From the human machine, the four

|great and earliest inventions were origin-

ally derived—the flail, the rudder, the
wheel, and the screw. The flail is an
elongated arm; the rudder is the open
hand; the motion of the spokes of a
wheel is merely continuous walking; the
screw is the hand cutting diagonally, as
a paddle does in sculling a boat from its
stern.

Thousands of other inventions had a
similar origin. The rake, the hoe, the
hammer, the knife, the fork, the saw,
the wrench are all only the human arm

and hand in different applications.
— Pliny.

Enthusiasm is the height of man, it
is the passing from the human to the di;

vine. — Emerson.

Praise loudly, blame softly, and carry

a big stick. —T. R.

LABOR DAY CONCERT

Labor Day, September 1, will be ob-
served in the institution, as usual and
the E. S. P. Band will render a selection
of popular airs on the Center during the
afternoon.

The members of the band, under Pro-
fessor Wiegandt, have been rehearsing
diligently during the past few weeks, and
a careful rendition of the excellent pro-
gram, should afford great pleasure to the
inmates and visitors.

PROGRAMME

ENTRY MARCH
The New Arrival

My Country Tis Of Thee

A. S. Brazil

1 MARCH Bl J St Clais
King Koal
2 OVERTURE Herold
Zampa
3. PRAYER R. Wagner
From Lohengrin
4. SONG R. Heath
You’'re My Girl
5. SELECTION Caryll & Monckton
Our Miss Gibbs ;
6. WALTZ Waldteufel
Tres Jolie
R J. Lenzberg
Hungarian
8. MARCH H. W. Swope

Frolic Of The Skeets
Star Spangled Banner—Key

EXIT MARCH A. Holtzmann

0Old Faithful

“Your honor,” said the prosecuting at-
torney, ‘“‘the prisoner at the bar is charg-
ed with killing one of the most exemplary
citizens of this county. Andrew D.
Boyson was in every respect a model
man. He was a beloved member of the
church and was never known to be guil-
ty of an unchristian act. Why; your
honor, he was never known to bet on
horses, play poker, drink whisky or use
tobaccos ' He
“Hold on a minute,” the judge broke

“““You say he didn’t bet on horses?”’
“That’s what I say, your honor.”
“And he didn’t play poker?”’

“Never was known to play a game.”
“And he never drank liquor.”

“Not a drop your honor.”

“Didn't chew tobacco?”’

“Never took a chew in his life.”

“Well then I don’t see what he want-
ed to live for. There wasn't anything
in life for him and I don’t see why he
ain’t as well off dead as alive. Release
the prisoner and call the next case, Mr.
Sherift.”

1n.
