---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_102.jpg
---
OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING
TO DATE

+
HooS: PR G U R

Wl Bt W L. Pct,

Ninth 22- 2. 808 Band 8 17 .320

Plasterers 20855 =800 ST i braty; 6 19 .240

Cubs 16 9 .640!L Shed 2 00RE2()
NATIONAL LEAGUE

Wl Pt sl Wk dbs 1ME

New York 82 35 .701 | Brooklyn 51 63 .447

Philadelphia 67 44 .604 Boston 50 65 .435

Pittsburg 63 54 .538 Cincinnatti 48 75 -390

Chicago 64 35 .538 | St. Iouis 43 77 .358
AMERICAN LEAGUE

W L Rt ‘ WL Pet:

Athletics 801 5901672 Boston 58 59 .495

Cleveland “2. 495 595 Detroit S I 22

Washington 67 5l .568 St. Louis 48 78 .381

Chicago 65 59 .b24 New York 40 76 .345
TRI-STATE. LEAGUE

: LWL SRer WoaloEot.

Wilmington 63 41 606 Allentown CARRD SR

York 57 48 543 Trenton 47 58 448

Harrisburg 56 49 533 Atlantic City 39 69 361

GAMES TO BE PLLAYED
3 Next week.
Library vs Ninth Plasterers vs Shed
Cubs vs Band

THE BIG LEAGUERS

It is not safe to predict the winner of
any game of base-ball, but judging by
the results of the past week, it seems al-
most certain that the pennants of the
American, and National Leagues will fiy
from the staffs of the Athletics and New
York Giants this year. The latter have
a lead over the Phillies that cannot be
overcome unless the Giants should stop
playing entirely, and the Athletics are by
no means out of the woods. They have
the advantage, however, of a long sea-
son on their own grounds before the
wind-up, so that everything points their

If they do win out, then for the third
time they will meet the Giants in a ser-
ies of games for the World’s champion-
ship, and they will unquestionably prove
to be of a class worthy of a place in the
history of the country.

Manager Dooin, of the Phillies, has
not yet given up hopes of overtaking
the Giants, and last week consummated
deals which have materially stengthened
his team. Some changes were necessary
for the Phillies have suffered a slump re-
cently which it will be almost impossible
for them to overcome. Their recent
showing against Chicago and Pittsburg
was particularly poor.

All managers in both Leagues are al-
ready recruiting their forces for next
year and the trading promises to be brisk
throughout the season.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 27, 1913

Walter Johnson, of the Washington
Americans has beaten, his own record by
pitching fourteen consecutive winning
games.

Bill, Bess and Ned have been forced

| LOCAL PIiCK-UPS

-|from their comfortable quarters through

the steady advancement of the automo-

| bile, and the Stable is rapidly being

transferred into an up-to-date Garage.

.| The dogs and goats will also have to
;| seek new quarters.

An admirer of Rube has sent the fol-
lowing:

It was noticed in the game be
tween the Stocking Shed and Ninth
Block, the great, and only Rube was on
the hill for Ninth, and showed a marked
improvement in his work.

In 1911, he pitched one game for the
Ninth, and that was enough, as he was
soundly thrashed. On August 6, he
held the Shed to a tie. If he keeps on im-
proving, it is sure about December 1915
with the help of a smiall blizzard, he
should be due to win a no-hit game.

With the retirement of little Timmie,
Duckie with his arm in a sling, little
Freddie on crutches, Big Jack wearing
goggles, Curley released, Yeap over-
worked, and other of the lesser lights
showing the effects of too strenuous
play, an opportunity for recuperation at
this time is essential to the future life of
our base-ball games.

The Board of Health of Philadelphia,
has advised the people of this city to boil
all water before using for drinking or
cooking purposes, as typhoid is on the
increase, and absolute care is necessary
in the use of water.

The water served to us from the truck,
is boiled, filtered, and iced, and the
men should not use any other for drink-
ing purposes.

After a prolonged sojourn, extending
over twelve years, Jakey has concluded
to seek other fields for the development
of his talents, and will shake the dust of
MacKentieville from off his feet on Fri-
day next. No double entente is meant
when we say that we are glad to see him
go. He takes with him the best wishes
of the men.

Longie the star pitcher of the Ninth
has not been very much in evidence du-
ring the recent games of his club. Looks
as though there might be friction some-
where.

The President of the Commission is a
very busy man these days, and gaining
some very valuable experience in the
line of work he proposes taking up in the
future. Manufacturing gravy-rolls.

The best ’finds'‘ of the season, were
Charlie of the Library, and little Ike of
of the Band. The former started off like
a winner and was pitching good ball until
the run-in** which wrenched his pitch-
ing arm, and put him on the shelf. He
now uses his right arm, but it is not near-
ly so cffective as his left. He wou'd do
better if he received more encouragement
for he undoubtedly feels his fall from
popular'ty very keenly, the more so,
that he knows the fault was not his own.

Little Ikeis a wonder. With all of the
earmarks of a little country Rube he
broke into the game with a freedom and
dash that gained instant popularity for
himself. It makes no difference where
he plays he is on the job. The only fear
is that he may lose his head through too
much coddling, as everyone appears
anxious to pat the little fellow on the
back.

A rumor to thc effect that the Wash-
ington people had offered $100,000 for
Ty Cobb, is announced as the work of
Cobb’s

value as a drawing card is on the wane,

that gentleman’s press-agent.

and it is up to him to devise some new

stunts.

Statisticians have discoverod thatthere
is a close connection between winning
ball teams and the growth of cities.

They present a formidable array of
figures from which it appears conclusive,
that a city supporting a winning ball
team, has for many years showed a
marked increase in population. The
latest example being the city of Cleve-
land, which has under a recent census
shown a remarkable growth which places
it before Baltimore in the list of large
cities.

The unusually’ strong base-ball team
presented in the ‘“Naps’ this year it is
claimed, is the governing cause of this
growth.
