---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_103.jpg
---
VOL.=2 NOF25,

Will be an Even Bet—Umpire Robs
Philadelphia Club— Johnson
Fails to Break Record

ONNIE Mack says that the next
world’s series between the New

York Giants and the Athletics
will be the hardest fought that the
country has ever seen.

The New Yorkers are particularly
strong in their pitching department, and
the Athletics are depending upon their
bunch of youngsters, in Brown, Shaw-
key, Houck and Bush, with the veter-
ans Plank and Bender as old reliable
features, to oppose them.

Manager Mack says: ‘‘I realize that
McGraw’s club is stronger than it was
in 1911, and I can see that my men will
have a battle ahead of them. I wont
say that the Athletics will outhit New
York, and I believe a great deal will de-
pend upon the break of luck.”

“Neither Danny Murphy, or Harry
Davis will get into the coming series,
but they will be on hand with timely
advice. My club fought the Giants in
a disabled condition in the first battle.
The were right in 1911 and although it
is doubtful whether Coombs can come
back, I will have a well-conditioned team
on the field this year. McGraw’s club
looks so much better than it did in*1911
that if I were a betting man, [ should
say, it was an even wager between these
two clubs, always supposing that each
-wins the pennant.”

Incidentally the Phillies put a crimp
in McGraw's men when they took two
straight from them last week. As a
matter of fact, it should be three straight,

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND

THE WORLD’S SERIES|

WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 3, 1913

score stood 8—06, in favor of the Phil-
lies in the last inning, with one man
out, Umpire Brennen called the game
forfeited to New York, 9—0, for the
reason that the authorities refused to re-
move about 200 fans in the center field
seats, who as Brennen claimed, interfer-
ed with his vision of the ball.

His action precipitated a near-riot,
and police protection was required for
the autocratic umpire, and the Giants,
on their way to the train.

By his action the Phillies will lose, no
matter which way President Lynch rules.
If Brennen is upheld, then the game
goes to to the Giants, if he is not, then
neither club will be awarded the game,
as it was not played out.

Brennen'’s arbitrary action spoiled the
finish of one Of the most exciting games
witnessed in this city for years.

Walter Johnson of the Washington
failed to set up a new record for succes-
sive victories when Boston won an 11
inning contest last Thursday, by the
score of 1—0. This will stand as the
season’s record, but is two games short
of the mark set by Johnson and Wood,
last season.

Thursday’s game was a remarkable
exhibition of pitching skill. For ten in-
nings Johnson disposed of Boston bats-
men in a procession that was monoton-
ous, except for the interest which his
performance developed. In the eleven
innings only 35 men faced him, and but
four of these reached bases. Only one
man got to first base in the first nine in-
nings. Ten Boston batsmen struck out
and Johnson working like a machine did
not allow a single pass, and only two
hits were made off of his delivery
throughout the game.

for the game last Saturday, when the

GOODFELLOWSHIP

PRICELESS
LABOR DAY CONCERT
E S. P Band Renders Difficult Pro-

gram With Splendid Success

I \ILLED with pride and great big

chunks of watermelon, the E. S. P.

Band marched on the Center by

way of the Twelfth Block last Mon-
day afternoon, and for several hours en-
tertained a large number of visitors and
inmates with a varied selection of clas-
sical music.

The program from the musician’s
point of view was all that could be de-
sired, and was notable for the many
difficult numbers rendered with an accur-
acy and due regard for technique, which
must have delighted a connossieur, if
any were present. The difficulties the
Band had mastered in order. to secure
such splendid execution, was entirely
overlooked by the great majority, and
failed of that appreciation to which it
was entitled. Some of Sousa’s splendid
marches, or good old rag-time, to keep
the feet moving, would have been better
adapted to the general taste.

The Concert gave Professor Wiegandt
an opportunity to display the wonderful
results he has achieved with the Band,

and certainly their performance reflected
credit alike upon the master and his pu-
pils. :
At the conclusion of the Concert, the
men formed in line, and to the air of
“Old Faithfu!”, returned to the Band
room, where a substantial lunch was
served, through the courtesy of the
Warden.

Labor Day was made eventful in Mac-
Kentieville not alone by the splendid
entertainment . furnished by the Band,
but also by the wide distribution of gen-
erous portions of ‘“‘red, r-i-p-e, w-a-t-e-r

mil-yuns.”
