---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_104.jpg
---
N

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 3, 1913

THE UMPIRE
Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

St ounite e e T SR T e S TR
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday, September 3, 1913

Tae oNE ‘‘Best Seller’’—the Bible.
The most widely read book the world
has ever known, the constant source of
inspiration and knowledge of even those
who profess their unbelief in its divine
origin; found in palaces and in
hovels. It is the valued reference book
of the student and his preceptor, and
read by those who cannot read anything
else.

- No other book begins to approach it
in the number of volumes issued; no
other book is in such steady demand.
During the past 97 years. the British and
Foreign Bible Society, and the American
Bible Society, have distributed 340,000, -
000 copies of this wonderful publica-
tion. Certainly, ‘‘there is a reason.”

The New York Legislature has im-
peached Governor Sulzer, and now the
people have started in to impeach the
Legislators, as already seven of those
who voted in favor of the proceedings
have failed of renomination. There is
certainly some “peach’’ of a time in the
great Empire State these days.

President Wilson has given President
Huerta of Mexico a pretty bitter pill to
swallow, when he demands the immedi-
ate cessation of hostilities between the
Government and rebel forces, and the
utter elimination of himself as a candi-
date for the Presidency in the future.
Failure to do so, to be followed by an
order prohibiting the shipment of arms
and ammunition from the United States
to either of the belligerents. ‘“You be
good now, or I won't give you any
cake.”

Yes Rocky, “No Labor Day’” would
be a more appropriate name.

WITHIN A FEW DAYS we will say good-
bye to a young man who has been an
inmate of this institution for nearly ten
years. :

He came here an unformed boy, with-
out money or friends, with only the rudi-
ments of an education; without knowl-
edge of a trade, or means of obtaining a
proper livelihood ; handicapped in every
way for the real struggle with the world,
which had worsted him in the very first
encounter. His only asset was an alert
mind and a strong determination to suc-
ceed.

He leaves us, a bright, well-read, clear-
headed young man, with an education
that will enable him to fill with credit,
an important position now awaiting him,
while he is further fortified with the

practical knowledge of a trade, which!

will render him at all times independent.

His life while here should be a lesson
to us all. The time he spent has not
been wasted. Fe attended to his work,
educated himself during his spare hours,
and yet found ample time to lend a help-
ing hand to many of his fellows. That
he enjoys the confidence of the officials,
and respect of the men, is a just recog-
nition Of his earnest character.

Deo wvolente he will leave us next
Sunday, and we can only say, “God-
speed you, Timmy."”

WHO’'S WHO

In MacKentieville

Who plays the shadow for Mister
Larry? Is ready to work; never known
to tarry. Who cuts the pot-pie with dex-
terous care, each slice alike, true to a
hair? Who's detective work is equally as
great, as that City Hall gent’s, Mister
Jimmy Tate? Who's deeds of valor are
as many as mighty? Why, that Seventh
Block gent, thatlong slim Whitey.

The managers of base-ball, cricket,
quoits, hockey, marbles, catty, and sev-
eral other kinds of teams, have all miss-
ed a glorious opportunity to sign up a
first-class all-around athlete, when for
the past two seasons they have overlook-
ed that prodigy connected with the me-
chanical department of the UMPIRE,
and favorably known as Joe.

The appearance of the yards these
days recalls the o!d song, “Every day is
Sunday.”

|  WITH THE POETS ||

A DREAM LETTER

William has had a letter,
A letter from his wife.
It is filled with pleasanttidings,
It has filled him with new life.
For it tells of a faith unswerving,
Of a loving woman’s fare, :
And of prattling little children,
’Biding a father’s needful care.

It tells of a victorious struggle,
Made by a woman all alone,
To preserve her little children,
To provide them with a home.
It tells of a love deep-rooted,
Of a heart that still beats true,
But—""don’t awakeun William,
Whatever else you do.**

—Mitch.

EVIL THOUGHTS

Evil thoughts are worse enemies than
lions or tigers, for we can keep out of the
way of wild beasts, but bad thoughts
win their way everywhere. The cup
that is full will hold no more; keep your
head and heart full of good thoughts,
and bad thoughts may find no room to
enter. —B 6594.

'"Tis not the dying for a faith that is
so hard; ’tis the living up to that is dif-
ficult. — Thackeray.

Our grand business is, undoubtedly,
not to sec what lies dimly at a distance,
but to do what lies clearly at hand.

— Carlyle.

Human happiness is never supreme;
be one’s joy ever so great, it never seems
more than an earnest of a greater joy to
follow. —Robert Buchanan.

o

An aimin life is the only fortune worth
finding, and it is not to be found in for-
eign lands, but, in the heart itself.

— Cluity.

A boy that is taught to save his mon-
ey, will not be a bad man or a failure.
— Gladstone.

It is easy to hustle
From morn to night,

But it’s hard to do nothing
And do it right.

Men are judged, not by their inten-
tions, but by the result of their actions.

Politeness is tosay and do and say,
The kindest things in the kindest way-
