---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_105.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 3, 1913

w

How to Write a Letter

A Few General Instructions For the

One Who Don‘t Know How

Almost every one has occasion to
write letters, and it is astonishing how
comparatively few people, even among
the educated classes, are able to express
themselves intelligently, or interestingly
on paper.

As in all other subjects of composition,
the aim of a letter, is to produce an ef-
fect, and the difference of a well written
letter, and a badly written letter, is as
great as that between the good and bad
of anything else.

The first requisite in letter writing is
to be simple and natural, for a stiff and
formal manner is as bad in a letter, as it
is in conversation. The best letters are
those which are the easiest written,
where the flow of language is natural,
and conveys the subject that the heart
or imagination dictates, in an interesting
manner. When there is no subject to
warm or interest, constraint appears,
and is bound to have an unfavorable ef-
fect, when the contrary is desired. Itis
for this reason that so many letters of
compliments, congratulations, gratitude
and affected condolence, which have cost
the most labor in composing, and which
for that reason, perhaps are considered
as masterpieces are usually the most
disagreeable and insipid to their readers.

Carelessness in letter writing is an un-
pardonable sin. Even when writing to
- he most intimate friend or relative,
every attention should be given to the
subject, the spelling, penmanship and
general form.  Abbreviation of words is
in extremely bad taste, and should never
be used, as they are indicative of haste,
and show a want of respect, which is not
desirable. A letter upon personal mat-
ters especially should show uponits face,
that the construction of it was a matter
of pleasure, and that it was brought toa
conclusion with reluctance.

The heading of a letter should contain
the name of the city, town or post-office,
and State, together with the date, thus:

West Chester, Penna. August 26, 1913.

Some persons place the date on the |

bottom of a letter, but as the one recom-
mended, is the one in most general use,
everyone should conform to it. Letters

may begin with, Sir, Dear Sir, My dear
Sir, My dear Mr. Page, My dear Adele,
My dear Sirs, Gentlemen, etc., etc., ac-
cording to the relations of respect, in-
timacy or affection existing between the
writer and the one addressed.

(TO BE CONTINUED.)

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Let us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Mrs. Slang—*‘I never could stand for
a ‘mutt’, could you?”’

THEIR WORD OF HONOR

The State of Illinois is about to take
up an experiment with its convicts, which
will be watched with the greatest inter-
est by penologists and humanitarians
throughout the world. It isno less than
placing into practical operation the so-
called ‘““honor system.”

As a beginning, forty men under the
the supervision of a single Overseer to
direct their labors, will be placed at work
on the State roads with no other precau-
tion for their safe-keeping,than that con-
tained in their simple‘‘word of honor’’that
they will not attempt to escape, and will
obey the instructions of the Overseer.
The latter will be alone with the men,
and unarmed, nor will there be any phys-
ical means employed to prevent their es-
cape, should they renounce their pledged
word. .

Their clothing will not be in any way
distinctive from that of any other labor-
ers, and on Sundays, they will have a
change, and the privilege of receiving
their friends, and taking part in the
games of base-ball, or such other forms
ot healthy amusement they may choose.
They will have a military camp equip-
ment, and at night there will be a single
watcher to guard the supplies, and give
attention to any who may be ill.

All men serving sentences under five
years are eligible to this work, and an ar-
rangement has been effected with the
Governor, who is in hearty sympathy
with the plan, by which all men so em-
ployed, will have one day of their time re-
mitted, for each three days of labor per-
formed. This in addition to the regular
commutation allowed for good behavior.

Nearly seven hundred men now in
Joliet prison are at present eligible, but,
the authorities propose to extend the
privileges gradually, in order to note the
results among small bodies of men, and
through them determine the extent to
which they may go with the others.
They have great faith in the merit of the
plan, and men in a position to properly
estimate the character of convicts, be- |
lieve it will be a success.

Miss Mild—*I can’t say, [ never ate

1

one.

“Why, hello Jack, I heard you were
dead.”

“Naw, that was me brother.”

“Oh, what a pity.”

Foolish Question—‘Lo Shorty, fish-
miP”

“Naw, drownin” worms.”’

“T hear that Jingles is behind with
his barber.”

“Got it wrong, the barber is ahead;
no hair cutting on that job.”

Little Ike— ‘What'’s that long green
thing hanging up in your garden’’?

Henry—‘That is a cucumber, my
little man.”

Little Ike—*‘Laws me, I allusthought
cukes growed in slices.”

You are leaving us dear Timmie,
You make our hearts feel sad,
For well we know you’ll catch it,

When you meet up with your ‘‘Dad.”

Doc.—“My, but these are poor ci-
gars.”’

Mr. R—“What are you kicking
about, you've only got one- box, and
I've got fifty.”

Mr. Bonsall— ‘Who can tell me two
famous men who were boys together?

Yiddisha Sam—*‘I kin, t'e two Si-
amese Twins.”

“What'’s the baby crying for?”’

“Wants his own way’’

“Well, if it’s his own, why not let him
haveit?”’

Mr. Giordiano is not only an accom-
plished linguist but has been an extensive
traveller.
speaks the language of the country in
which he is visiting, that even while in
Turkey, he was able to say, “‘gobble
gobble” with the unction of a native.

The prayer of a wise little girl: “Oh

Lord, please make all of the bad people
good, and the good people nice.”

He says that he always

