---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_106.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 3, 1913

d

M

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

—
E. S. P LEAGUE
Wl S Ret Wi e Pt
Ninth 2200 BER()S Band SRl 390
Plasterers 20 5 .800 Library 6 19 .240
Cubs 16 9 .640 Shed S0 o ()
NATIONAL LEAGUE
WA Bet W nleeRct
New York 84 40 .677 Boston 53 68 .438
Philadelphia 73 45 .6lg Brooklyn 52 69 .430
Chicago 70 56 .556 Cincinnatti 53 78 .40s5
Pittsburg 66 57 .537 St. Louis 45 83 .352
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W. L. Pet. .| W. L. Pct
Athletics 83 42 .664 Boston 62 61 .504
Cleveland 77 51 .602 Detroit 56 71 441
Washington 70 54 .565 St. Louis 48 83 .366
Chicago 67 65 .515 New York 42 80 .344

Games Scheduled for

Next week.
Library vs Cubs Band vs Shed
Plasterers vs Ninth

The Tri-State season is closed with Wilming-
ton .600, Allentown .532, York and Harrisburg
.523 each, Trenton .455 and Atlantic City .372.

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks

and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries

will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any,who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

BRENNEN REVERSED

President Lynch has reversed the rul-
ing of Umpire Brennen,by which the New
York—Philadelphia game of last Satur-
day was declared forfeited to the former.

Lynch in his order, says Brennen was
beyond his authority in declaring the
game forfeited, for which action he had
no playing rule or ground rule to govern
him.

““The game will be counted in the re-
cords for Philadelphia, 8—6, the score
when the game was stopped in the ninth
inning through the error of the umpire.”

The decision of President Lynch gives
widespread satisfaction.

[ LocaL pPick-UPS ||

Johnson now rates himself with Ty

.| Cobb, as a money-getter, and will ask

for a $12,500 salary, it is said.

Delawareans  shouted themselves
hoarse, and revelled in ecstatic joy last
Saturday, when in the presence of a huge
crowd, the Tri-State Pennant for 1913
was raised above the club grounds at
Wilmington, for the first time in the his-

.| tory of the state

Joe Jackson, of the Cleveland Ameri-
can’s is leading the batters of his League
by the narrow margin of one point above
the redoubtable Tyrus Cobb.

Of sixteen hitters of .300 and over, the
Athletics have six in their bunch.

Walter Johnson leads the pitchers of
both Leagues with a record of 29 won
andiblost vor 853;

Little Ike wishes to thank Mr. Loan
for a sample of watermelon sent to him
last Monday, and says it was alright;
please fill his order for a half dozen
just like it.

Some excited person called up the
UMPIRE office on Labor Day,to state that
Rabbi was taking advantage of the holi-
day to wash his shirt, A reporter was
detailed to investigate this remarkable
story, and discovered it to be a hoax.

All of the ball players, with the ex-
ception of Duckie have fully recovered,
and now are straining at their leashes,
like well trained hounds waiting for the
Warden to cry: ‘‘Let her go.”

There is no truth in the rumor that
Stump, of the Plasterers, and Cap
John, of the Ninth, are to meet and play
a game of checkers to determine the E.
S. P. League Championship.

After their strenuous efforts on Labor
Day the Band, headed by Prof. Wie-
gandt, will enter upon a well-earned va-
cation.

““Red’ Donahue, an old time base-ball
man is dead, and a local newspaper re-
ferred to his death under the caption.
“Gone to the Great Umpire.”

A careful scrutiny of the standing of
the E. S. P. League reveals the Stocking
Shed in the same position as it was when
Ducky relinquished the management.

ARMY AND NAVY CAN'T AGREE

Foot ball enthusiasts have received a
shock in the authoritative statement
that the annual late November game,
between the Army and Navy will
not be held this year owing to the
insistance of the Naval Cadets upon
Franklin Field as the place of struggle.

The Army men claim that they are
unable to secure a sufficient number of
tickets from the University of Pennsyl-
vania management, to meet the demands
of their friends, and suggested the Polo
grounds in New York, or the Army’s
own grounds at West Point, instead.
The Naval boys refused these sugges-
tions, so the Army quietly arranged
with the Carlisle Indians for a post-
Thanksgiving Day game on November
29. :

‘Tt is thought that the secretaries of
War and Navy, will take a hand in the
matter, and insist upon the boys coming
together and agree on some arrange-
ment, at least satisfactory, to the public.

A NOVEL EXHIBIT

There has recently been placed on ex-
hibition in the Library, a beautiful piece
of mechanical construction, the handi-
work of B 6281 which is exciting the ad-
miration of visitors, and in fact, of all
who see it.

It is a perfect re-production, in min-
iature of the newest and most expensive
type of caroussals and complete in every
detail, even to the familiar sound of
the ever-present organ, as the proud lit-
tle ponies drawing the elaborate chariots
make their ‘‘merry-go-round.”

The caroussal is mounted on a sub-
stantial tripod, is equipped with an or-
gan, and small motor which can be
operated with dry-batteries, or with cur-
rent from an ordinary electric light wire.
It is exceedingly well proportioned, the
lines graceful and closely following the
original. The whole is surmounted with

|an overhanging canopy, with hand-paint-

ed edgings, and no feature is lacking,
that is contained in the large expensive
machines, seen in the amusement Parks.

Mr. Thaw after partly satisfying the
demands of American lawyers and alien-
ists, proposes to distribute some of his
surplus wealth among our English cous-
ins in Canada.
