---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_107.jpg
---
; ETED TO THE INTERESTS OF RECREATION AND GOODFELLOWSHIP

VOL. 2 NO. 26

WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 10, 1913

PRICELESS

THE PRISON - LAWYER
A Menace

BY THE EDITOR

The prison-lawyer is as much in evi-
dence in penal institutions to-day, as
the sea-lawyer was in the merchant ma-
rine fifty years ago.

While the latter spouted maritime law
in an endless stream to his eager lis-
teners, the former zealously inflicts his
knowledge, or rather lack of knowledge
upon his credulous companions in the
jails.

The prison-lawyer is rampant within
these walls, as he is within the walls of
all similar institutions. If you -care to
listen to him and then forget all he says,
it may at least afford you entertainment
for awhile, but if you take him seriously,
it is sure to be at the cost of your peace
of mind; therefore, don’t do it.

The prison-lawyer does not cite au-
thorities when rendering opinions, but
instead, calls to mind cases in which
he has often figured as a principal, or
the cases of others whom he may have
known, or yet others, who were known to
someone he knew, and so on. As a
hanger-on of criminal trials, and an
omniverous reader of criminal news,
coupled with a retentive memory, he
has acquired a vocabulary of high-sound-
ing legal terms which he uses convinc-
ingly in explaining any point of law
which may arise. Within the short space
of five minutes he can hear, and pass
judgment on a case which would require
the Supreme court Justices many weary
months of research, for no question of
law is too intricate for the prison-lawyer.

Above all things else, he is an inveter-

ate liar. Once having defined his posi-

tion, he will use all of the lies necessary
to maintain it. To a trained mind these

lies are simply laughable; it is only with|

a mind equally as well trained, can a
liar hope to be successful. A criminal
through lack of training will usually take
the witness stand in his own defense
with a confidence in his story, that gives
its utterance an air of truth to a major
portion of all who hear it, but to the
presiding judge and lawyers in attend-
ance, it is only pitifully ridiculous
through its palpable flimsiness. To il-
lustrate: during a severe ‘hunder storm
a young man called to the writer that
his hand had been struck by lightning.
He walked over to him, examined his
hand and found nothing wrong with it,
and told him so. The young man per-
sisted, and laid his hand on the desk
near the open window, the position he
was in at first, and as he did so, there
was another flash, and he cried, ‘‘there
it is again, didn't you see it?’ It was
ridiculous of course, for it was only
the reflection of the light on his hand
which he saw, yet he persisted that he had
been struck by the lightning both times—
and seemed to rather enjoy it. That
man has regaled his friends for years
with this story of how he was ‘‘struck

infringing on. Prison authorities, con-
trary to the general, impression have no
wish todetain a man a moment longer
than the law prescribes. They areap-
pointed by the Governor on account of
their high character and splendid probity.
In every instance they are well known
men of affairs, whose business abilities
and sense of honor are beyond question.

They have no interest in keeping any
of us here, nor are they infringing upon
any of our ‘‘rights’’ as the prison-lawyer
would have you believe. On the con-
trary they are only too glad too see us
go, and make room for the others now
being born to take our places. They
have no fear of losing their jobs through
want of inmates to care for. Vice and
crime have existed since the Creation,
and always will exist, and always will
be punished, though some moderation is
hoped for, at least.

The prison lawyer will cite instances
of injustices all day, butin the end, it
will be found without an exception, that
an atom of fact has usually been first
distorted, then magnified a thousand
times, then told and retold so frequently
as to be finally accepted as the truth.

Therefore, don’t take him seriously.
Use your own intelligence and weigh the

by lightning.” The foundation of
most of the prison-lawyer’s stories have
as little merit.

He claims perfect information on all
matters, from the inception of a crime
to its detection and punishment. He
will talk indefinitely or as long as he
has an audience, on the ‘‘rights of con-
victs,” and the infringement on those
“rights”’ by prison authorities. Don’t
believe him. The so-called ‘‘rights” of

a convict are so trifling, they really can-

things which are told you. If they have
the slightest taint of unreasonableness,
pass them by and forget them. I don’t
mean you should go through the world
suspecting all men liars. Heaven for-
bid but, I would like to see all men use
the common sense that the Lord has
given to them and look a little bit under
the coating of the liar’s pill before it is
swallowed.

Softly now—never mention it—but
the fact is, there is no graft equal to

not be considered as being worth whilelhonesty.
