---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_108.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 10, 1913

THE UMPIRE
Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship. :

Printed at the Kastern State Peunitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columus, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday, September 10, 1913

GET UP and get. Get an acre and
live on it. Get a spade and dig. Get
off the back of the workers. Get the
shirkers off your back. Get honest.
Get busy. 2

A correspondent criticizes the heading
“games scheduled for next week’ used
on another page, as misleading.

Notatall. The gamesare ‘“‘scheduled”
all right, but that they are not going ac-
cording to schedule, is another story.

There islittle that the government can
do for the workingman, compared with
what he can do for himself. Tobacco,
booze, gambling, ignorance and super-
stition, ‘are optional in America,
compulsory.

not

THAT A MAN and a maid should mar-
ry, is beautiful and right. Every man
who has accomplished much in the world
has been aided by a good woman. A
man alone is only half a man. A woman
alone, is silly. Men and women inspire
each other, and put each other on their
good behavior. A group of men, alone
are rogues.

There is nothing more divine than the
comradeship of a man and woman men-
tally mated. They double their joys,
and halve their sorrows, by sharing
them. Moving at a like pace, they move
forward hand in hand.

Thus spake, the Oracle, Fra Elbertus,
and he knoweth, for it was he that pick-
ed a “peach” in the Garden of Love,
when the “lemon’’ turned its head.

THE UMPIRE is in need of some origi-
nal contributions to fill out its columns
for the entertainment of its readers.

Bits of sentiment, expressed in two
hundred words or less, are acceptable, if

it is real sentiment, and not gush.
There is a wide difference, and the Edi-
tor will draw the line. That is one of
the reasons why we have an Editor—
the others we have not found out, yet.

Poetry is also required, but near-poe-
try will answer in the absence of the
real thing. Doggerel verse is not want-
ed. For the benefit of those who don’t
know what “doggerel verse’’ is, we point
to the weird lines in “Who’s Who'' as
a frightful example They are bad
enough, the Lord knows, and we don’t
want any that are as bad, or even as
good, but we would be glad to have a
few regular contributors to share the la-
bor. That is about all there is to share,
for the emoluments are what our Eng-
lish correspondent would call, nil, while
there is absolutely no glory. There nev-
er lived an Editor who was even on
speaking terms with that lady. The
Printer’s devil, the copy-man, and the
scrub-lady, have all met her at different
times, but Miss Glory has ever been shy
in the presence of the Editor. Don't
let that deter you, however, send in some
jokes, if you have nothing worse, but
see that they first have the attention of
the barber.

You get good by giving it.

The Warden of the Ohio Penitentiary
believes that if a man is not thoroughly
reformed, evidence of his continued de-
pravity will land him back behind the
walls inside of two years. Acting upon
this assumption, he states ‘‘that here-
after when a man has been on parole for
ltwo years, and shows that he is living
the right kind of life, I will recommend
him for full release and do all in my pow-
er to see that he is placed entirely on his
own responsibility.”’

WHO’'S WHO
In MacKentieville

Who spouts all day in pigeon-Dutch,
and when he is through, it don’t mean
much? Who roots and shouts for the
"Ninth* to win, and backs his bets with
an old Sen tin? Who makes scrumptious
cakes, and luscious pies, to gladden the
sight of Willie’seyes? Who can make any
old thing, out of a slab of dough? Why
that German gent, that slick Ot—to.

To keep off the rocks, obey the rudder.

WITH THE POETS
THE DEVIL'S SOLILOQUY

This measly print shop is no place for me:

Good manners in this joint don’t make no hit.
The slang them printers uses—Hully chee!—

Would make a Yale proffessor throw a fit.
You bet your life I wouldn’t talk the stuff;

I never could stand for that kind of guft!

Me mudder, too; if ever she got wise
That I was usin’ slang, she’d bust my slats.
So many times she tells me “Bat yer eyes,
Or ye'll be talking like them Casey brats.
Them kids talk slang, but say! I got a hunch
They ain’t got nothin’ on this printer bunch!

bR

This mornin’ when I first come down to work
The foreman says: ‘“Here, Henry hit the pike,
An’ git your skates on—don’t you dast to shirk;
» Be back in fifteen minutes. Skip, now, hike!”
At first I didn’t tumble, then I went:
For ‘““Chase myself "’ was all the geezer meant.

He talks a lot about the “galley,” tce;

I s’pose he means his girl. I rather guess
That she'd be pretty mad if she just knew.

How much he talks 'bout putting forms to press
Say! If he wants to hug her, that’s his game.

I wculdn’t talk about it, just the same.

I guess I'll have to quit; I'm getting bad.
Sometimes I hate to go to Sunday school;
I'll sure lose all the bringin’-up I've had
If I do everythin’ by printers rule.
But if I stay and all the rest goes hang,
Say what you will—I'm darned if I'll talk slang!
—H. P Lockhart.

KNOWLEDGE

Keep up all knowledge you have ac-
quired, and gain as much. more as you
can. By reading you will be disting-
guished: without it, abilities are of little
use. A man may talk and write, but he
cannot learn his profession without con-
stant study to prepare; especially for
the higher ranks, because there he wants
the knowledge and experience of his own
improved by that of others. But when
in a post of responsibility he has no time
to read, and if he comes to such a
post with an empty skull, it is then
too late to fill it, and he makes no figure.
Thus many people fail to distinguish
themselves and say they are unfortu-
nate, which is untrue. Their own pre-
vious idleness has unfitted them to pro-
fit from fortune. —B 6594.

Even the wisest among us are bound
to make so many blunders, that one
learns to suspect it is not so much what
a man does, as why he does it, that mat-
ters in the long run. —F. Montressor
