---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_109.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 10, 1913 3

How to Write a Letter ,

A Few General Instructions For the

One Who Don‘t Know How

(CONTINUED FROM LAST WEEK)

In closing a letter it is well in all or-
dinary cases to give the proper address
at the bottom, the same that is placed
on the envelope, inorder to guard against
the letter going into the wrong hands at
any time. The exception to this is
when in writing a business letter, the
address should be placed at the begin-
ning, thus,

Messrs. Strawbridge & Clothier,

8th. and Market sts.
Philadelphia Pa.

Gentlemen :—

In closing a letter, always sign the
name with more or less fulness, and in
terms of respect or affection as the con-
ditions call for. The terms vary, sothat
no genera’ rule can be followed. A good
form is, Yours very truly, or, Your obe-
dient servant. A letter to an official,
or prospective employer, may be closed,
Very respectfully. To a friend, Affect-
ionately Yours, or, Yours sincerely,
while to a member of the family or
sweetheart, Lovingly yours,is expressive.

Many persons in signing, give only the
initials of their given name, thus, S. A.
Mears, or, J. M. Slow.

would never know from this, whether

A stranger

the writer is Samuel or Sadie, or Joshua
or Jane, and therefore be at a loss how
the reply should be addressed.

The address on the envelope, should
be written with extreme cafe, with entire
distinctness and legibility, and never
with ornamental flourishes. It should
contain the name with the title (Mr.,
Mrs., Miss, Dr., Rev., Hon., etc.,) resi-
dence,{street and number) and Town and
State, or Country of the one addressed.
The name should occupy the central
portion of the envelope, with the resi-
dence following on succeeding lines, so
that there may be ample room above the
address for the stamp and postmark, or

— |any notations the post-office department

may wish to make, in order to locate the

person to whom it is sent—For example:

Mr. John Wanamaker,
13th and Market Sts.,
Philadelphia, Pa.

In conclusion, endeavor to write your
letter in simple language, as concisely as
possible, and by all means avoid the use
of high sounding phrases, and lengthy or
unusual words, which only have the ef-
fect of rendering your efforts constrain-
ed or stilted, and in too many cases even
bombastic to the point of ridicule.

— Mutch.
THE END

BRETTER PRISON CONDITIONS

One hundred years ago men seemed
to try to make prisons as bad as possi-
ble, hangings as frequent as possible and
laws as comprehensive as possible, so
that the prisons could always be full.

To-day it is one sign of better times
that we are trying to make the prisons
as little like dungeons as we can. States
which have not abolished capital pun-
ishment are withholding severity and ex-

tending clemency on the smallest excuse.
And finally, we are devising mechan-
isms by which even actual law-breakers
will be kept out of prisons with a chance
to reform.

The old legalism demanded that a
man cast into prison should by no means
come out, until he had paid the utter-
most farthing of penalty. Smug peo-
ple talked of justice being satisfied,
when really what was being satisfied was
not justice, but cruelty. The law was
not an ameliorative agency looking for
persons to help, but a vindictive and
voracious creature seeking victims.

The trouble with those past ages is
not, the criminals were worse than those
of to-day, but the good people were
worse, than the good people of our times.
Our sainted forefathers would do things
which we would be horrified to hear of.
It is fortunate for us that psychology
has come in to help, and that surgery
and eugenics have explained many pro-
blems of criminology to us.

— Detroil Journal.

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Let us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

And the Cat came back!

* k *

“Hurry up eating that watermelon,
John Henry, the truck is coming along
to take up the rinds.”

“Let her come, Mis’er Bish-up, let her

|come; fo’ de’re ain’ gonna be no rin’s

outen hyar.”
* * *

Martha had saved up eight dollars,
and as she was starting on her honey-
moon she handed the money to her mis-
tress, and asked her to save it for her.

“All right, Martha, but I thought you
would prefer taking it along with you
to spend on your wedding trip.”

“Look a hyar Mis’ Kate, Ah might be
purty foolish in go’'in gettin’ married,
but Ah ain’t dat simple, dat Ah gwine
take all dat money ‘roun’ a strange

niggah, no ma’m.”
* * *

“What did you mean by kissing me
when I was asleep on the sofa this morn-
ing?”’

“I took only one little one.”

“You didn't, I counted at least seven

before I woke.’,
* * *

Thou art welcome brother Jingles,
If you're the one of whom we’ve read,
And you can arrange to ship your body,
And let the UMPIRE have your head.
LPenitentiary Bulletin (Kansas)

* 0k *

“Peroxide of Odium”’ is what the girl
asked for, and the druggist’s young man

gave her ‘‘something as good.”
* * *

“I get blamed for everything that
happens,”’ sobbed little Jerry.

- “Why, I am sure you must be mis-
taken, your kind mother and father
would never be so unjust,”’ sympathized
the neighbor.

“But I do,” complained the little fel-
low. ‘I getblamed for everything, why,
we've got a new baby up to our house,
and Dad, he says, it’s all my fault.

L *

Willie had been handed a nickle to
put in the poor box. After placing the
coin in the slot, he stood waiting very
expectingly, and after a few moments
rushed off to his mother with the com-
plaint, “Mommer I put th’ penny in th’
box, but nuffin tome out.”
