---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_110.jpg
---
+

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

TO DATE
EaS e R EAGUL
W. L. Pct. W. I,. Pct
Ninth 22153 =808 Band S 320
Plasterers 205 5 800 Library 6 19 .240
Cubs 16 9 .640 Shed S22 00
NATIONAL LEAGUE
WP et WS ct
New York 87 43 .669 | Boston 56 71 .441
Phila 77 48 .616 | Brooklyn 56 73 .434
Chicago 75 48 .568 | Cincinnati 56 80 .412
Pittsburg 71 61 .538 | St. Louis 46 92 .333
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Wi T, SPet. | W IS SPct
Athletics 85 46 .649 | Chicago 69 66 .511
Cleveland 80 54 .597 | Detroit 57 75 .432
Washin'n 75 57 .568 | St.Louis 51 85 .376
Boston 66 63 .512 | N. York 46 83 .357

Games Scheduled for
Next week.
Library vs Cubs Band vs Shed
Plasterers vs Ninth

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries
will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any,who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

“IT ISN'T RIGHT”

A number of men contributed toward
a purse of money to be given to Timmie
upon the eve of his departure, as an
evidence of their kindly feeling toward
him. When that young man heard of
it, he firmly gave notice of his veto of
the act, not because he failed to appre-
ciate the generous impulse which inspir-
ed the movement, but as he explained

the matter very- tersely: ‘It wasn't
right.”
That was a good starter. To be able

to discern quickly between right and
wrong. and then to be equally as quick
and firm in choosing the ‘‘right”’ is an
attribute of a great mind.

"Rocky'‘ has submitted his master-
piece and if it passes the Board of Cen-
sors, it will be published next week.

THE BIG LEAGUERS

The Athletics suffered a serious set-

'back last week when the Bostons, rated
.las a second class team this year, came

to this city and wallopped Conie Mack’s
aspirants for championship honors for
three straight games. A repetition of

.| this sort of thing will be a reason for re-

moving the World’s series from Shibe
Park to Cleveland next month. At this
writing the Naps are not so far behind
as to be noticeable, and it would be an

lunkind stroke of fate, if after leading

the pennant chasers for the whole season,
the Athletics should fall in the stretch
and lose out.

The Phillies hold the relative position

| to the Giants as the Naps do to the

White Elephants, and are playing wond-
erful ball on their present trip. Much
better than on their own grounds. In
Boston last Friday they played two
games aggregating nineteen innings and
scored the only run made in the two
combats.

Their pitchers are in good shape, while
the esprit du corps is such as to excite
the keenest interest However, the
New Yorkers are winning consistently,
and there is little probability of the
Phillies over-taking them, although it
does look now as if there will be a grand
stand finish.

Everybody is delighted with President
Lynch’s over-ruling of umpire Brennan,
excepting the Giants, who are determin-
ed to keep up their reputation as chronic
kickers.

“WORD OF HONOR” MEN

Forty-five Illinois convicts started to
work on the State roads September 3,
in charge of two unarmed overseers, and
went about their task with a willingness
that was a pleasure to see.

Before entering upon their labors, un-
known to the officers, they took an oath
among themselves, promising to deal
summarily with any man who violated
the trust imposed in him. They aver
that any convict making his escape will

| be hunted down by his fellows, and se-

verely punished by them, before handing
him over to the authorities.

This is the proper spirit. No man
should be permitted to jeopardize the
comfort and privileges of hundreds of
others for a momentary benefit to himself

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 10, 1913

M

| LocaL PICK-UPS |

“What smatter, Pop?”’

The grounds are in good condition, the
weather is ideal, the players are in trim,
the boys promise to be good, so, ‘“what
smatter?”’

“The King is dead; long live the
King!”, Timmie hasgone, but, the Chef
is on the job as manager of the Ninth,
and only waiting to show the people that
he can manage a ball-team as well as a
sirloin steak, or a filet de boeuf.

Jack Coombs, the Athletic’s great
pitcher has injured himself again, it is
reported, and it is doubtful if he will ev-
er play the game in the future. The
nature of his injury is being kept a se-
cret,  Ohlivalll

There has never been a gross violat-
ion of the prison rules by any member of
the E. S. P. League, or the genuine
“fans”’ witnessing the games. The de-
linquents may be found anywhere else
than at a ball game.

The dove of Peace has settled over the
camps of the Army and Navy, for re-
sponding to the vigorous urging of their
superior officers, they have both finally
agreed to play their annual foot-ball
game on the New York Polo grounds this
year. Arrangements will be made im-
mediately after the World’s series to put
'the grounds in shape to accommodate
40,000 people, which will be some crowd.

Sunshine, fresh air and physical exer-
cise, made enjoyable by some sport, will
do more to take a man out of himself,
and kill the “brood’’ germ, than all of the
drugs on the Third Block.

Life is just one dang thing after an-
other. Now the theaters in this city
have all combined in an agreement to
stop the issuing of passes to their houses.
There is to be no exception. Exerybody
barred excepting two dramatic critics on
each of the daily papers, and they
will only be favored on Monday
nights throughout the season.

Sorry, but we have engagements for
those nights for some time to come.

The President of the Commission says
he is having an easy time of it just now,
as there doesn’t seem to be any Com-
mish to preside over.

