---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_111.jpg
---
VOL. 2 NO, 27

WHEN THE GATE OPENS
,A Rgminder

BY THE EDITOR

'\ Y HEN the big front gate opens
' shortly to allow nearly two
hundred men to pass out from
here to freedom, it is devoutly hoped, it
will be closed against them for all time
to come.

The writer is scarcely in a position to
to prcach on the subject of morality,
nor has he those qualifications necessary
for a moral instructor, but he dces wish
to call attention to the deep debt of
gratitude due to the lady, whose persist-
ent efforts have made possible the re-
lease of so many men at the present
time.

In a communication to the men in this
place, which was printed in these col-
umns on July 9th, among other things,
Mys. Fassit, said:

‘““And now boys the time is coming,
when you will again go forth into the
world, to take up its burdens and sor-
rows. Do try to mean to be something,
You can, if you will. And remember
always that the greatest sorrow you can
bring to me, will be to hear that you
have returned to your old lives, and the
greatest joy, to know that you are good
men and true, in every sense of the
word.”’

These are beautiful words, faultlessly
expressed, and within the understanding
of every one of us. The lady asks very
little—and certainly the little she does
ask is clearly her due. It must be re-
membered, that what she has done for
us, has been done solely through an
earnest desire to help ‘“her boys,” as
she is good enough to term us. She has

helped many of us, when our own friends
and even relatives have denied their aid.
She believes in us, and for you men who
are about to obtain instant benefit, the
remainder of us, are waiting and hop-
ing that you will not fail to pay your
debt to this generous lady; that she may
not be dissapointed in her expectation,
and that when our time comes, we too
may go forward, determined you shall
not outstrip us, in the payment of the
debt, nor in the abundance of our gra-
titude.

The writer believes that in our saner
moments every one of us has a yearning
to be good and honest; that even the
most hardened among us, away down in
his heart of hearts, would be willing to
take a chance in the ‘“‘honesty business,”
if he were shown the way. The main
trouble is a foolish fear of what old as-
sociates might say, and another is, that
he doesn’t know how to ‘“butt in.” If
this is so, don't be ashamed to accept
the guidance of those who do know how,
and are only too eager to show  others.

When you are relcased do not walk
the streeis fcaring that every one you
meet has been furnished a copy of your
record, or that you are bearing any
marks distinctive from other men. Hold
up your head, look every man in the eye,
screw up your courage, and determine
that you shall be judged by your present
life, and not by that which has past.

Having fully made up your mind to
take up the proper life, stick to it, but
get Busy. Get busy at once, for you
have nothing to fear so much as idle-
ness.

How easily we can recognize lost op-
portunities when another fellow makes
good with them.

DFE

PRICELESS

PHYSICAL EXERCISE
Everywhere Being Recognized as Essen-
tial to Health and Morality

DERHAPS to the many conserva-
tive minds, the idea of installing a

gymnasium, or large swimming

pool, as a part of the equipment of a pri-
son will seem a little short of preposte-
rous. Yet the benefits that can be derived
from both of these innovations are so
great, that were the most conservative
minds to give the idea but a limited con-
sideration, they could not fail to become
convinced of the health-giving usefulness
of such a project.

Everywhere throughout the land the
benefits to be derived from athletic sports
or systematic exercises are recognized;
and yet within the walls of prisons but
little or no provislon is made to reap the
benefit to be derived from instructing
young men in good clean living.

Baseball and other sports foster man-
liness and promote health, swimming
pools make cleanliness a second nature;
and gymnasiums promote morality and
vigorous manhood.

No diversion from his work or thoughts
has a tendency to make the prisoner
morose, anaemic and lazy. His mind
not being directed toward some useful
channel, readily assimilates the criminal
instruction and information which
charges the atmosphere of every penal
institution. Athletics would clarify the
prison atmosphere of much of its crimi-
nal taint.

No one can deny but what fresh air,
and sunshine, and exercise are a panacea
for most of the ills of humanity. Then,
why deny them to the unfortunate indi-
vidual behind the bars? Good Words.
