---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_112.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 17, 1913

———-————————————__——__:———_:———-——————?—'———_———_—

THE UMPIRE

S o (e SRR G RS
Devoted to the interests of recreation and
goodfellowship.

Syt e SRR ROCTRE IS e s e SR e
Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

S s e TR S e D

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired,and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday, September 17, 1913

THE NATURAL interest aroused by pla-
cing into effect the recent Legislative en-
actment affecting the ‘‘oid-timers,”’ is so
great that we give in full a copy of the
bill, from which it may be seen that all

persons convicted prior to July 1, 1911|

are entitled to all of the benefits accruing
under the Act of Legislature June, 1911,
after they have served one-third of their
original sentence.

The Supplementary bill providing for
this is as follows:

" No. 340
A SUPPLEMENT

To an act, approved the nineteenth day of June

one thousand nine hundred and eleven, enti-
tled ‘“An act authorizing the release on pro-
bation of certain convicts, instead of impos-
ing sentences; the appointment of probation
and parole officers, and the payment of their
salaries and expenses; regulating the mannei
of sentencing convicts in certain cases, and
providing for their release on parole; their con-
viction of crime during parole, and their re-
arrest and reconviction for breach of parole
and extending the powers and duties of boards

of prison inspectors of penitentiaries.”’

Section 1. Be it enacted &c., That any
convict in the State penitentiaries, who
1s now serving under a sentence or sen-
tences imposed prior to the first day of
July, one thousand nine hundred and
eleven, may, when he or she shall have
served one-third of such sentence or sen-
tences, be eligible to parole under the
provisions, and subject to the conditions,
of the Act of which this is a supplement.

Approved—The 19th day of June,
A D913,

John K. Tener.

A man who has a job has a chance.

The Eternal Question. Did you make
parole?

The waters of the Pacific ocean have
been let into the Panama canal, and it
looks now as if it will be ready for busi-|
ness, long before the date set for the
official opening.

Any man who thinks he is so very much bet-
ter than other men, isn’t.

President Wilson appears to have more
faith in the money power of Wall
street, to bring the Mexican President to
terms, than he has in the power of the
Army and Navy.

The man who is severe to himself, is gentle in
his judgment of others.

A local paper states that the daughter
of the President of the United States
was compelled to occupy the upper birth
of a sleeping car, because ‘‘no gentleman
or Democrat would surrender his reser-
vation.”

But why this distinction between a
gentleman and a Democrat?

I've always noticed that those who have dia-
monds, wear them.

The giant ocean liner, ‘“‘Imperators’
sailed from England for New York, last
Thursday, with the largest number of

persons ever aboard a ship, a total of|

5019 including a crew of 1400.

A year in jail is long enough, but a week would
be better. /

In sending in matter for publica-
tion in the UMPIRE, if not original with |
the writer, please state the source from
which it was taken. And another thing,
be concise; write against ‘‘space,”’ not
for it.

Health must be earned. Get it, you Lobster.

The Warden accompanied by the Rev.
James E. Ely, will lead a parade cf 2000
mission workers through the streets of
the Tenderloin to-morrow night, to mark
the closing of the Lemon Hill Associa-

tion’s summer service on the City Hall
Plaza.

WHO’'S WHO
In MacKentieville

Who fires the coal and coals the fire,
with vigorous strokes, and sullen ire?
Who handles the great big iron poker,
with the adept skill of a natural stoker?
Who revelsin ashes and mud and dirt,
and uses the old tar barrel to wash his
shirt? Who pitches a ball that fools the
batter’'s eye? Why that Hebrew gent—

toms far from me. e/

that, wily Rabbi.

| WITH THE POETS ||

MIDNIGHT MUSINGS

Sitting alone in the Gallery, under the hazy
light,

Filled with my thoughts and musings, I pon-
der here to-night. .

'Tis of the personalities, that I meet every
day

Within this walled community, where I, per-
force, must stay.’

While sitting here alone, then, 'midst this fan-
tastic throng,

The “Band’’ begins to play, when, I picture
““Joe’’ in song.

I see “Ragtime Wop's'’ raptures, and oh, it
brings to me,

A vision clear and vivid of “Da granda old
Country.”

I fail to hear the music, but see a lively
throng,

With energies at base ball—above I hear
“Slick’s’’ song;

As sung by him in the catcher’s box, with
sweetness ne'er but brief,

And now, alone, I ponder, could “Doc”’ behold
my grief.

I have wandered as a ‘““Rabbi,” in search of
“Ireland’s Jew.”

And now my “Fingers’”’ tell me, I've found
-that “Harp” in you.

I've “Stumped’” about for sweet content, and
“Bobbed’ in vain for rest,

I know I ne’er could find it “Dick,” save on
thy ‘“tinsmith’s chest.”

Amidst this scene of mirth and tears, I hear
the ‘‘Poets’’ rave,

“Jingles,” ‘“Tingles,” ‘“‘Bingles,” all, *“‘a-Ship-
wrecked”” at my grave.

I see “Burnedblack’” in mem'ry now, a “Cur-
ly”’ “Spider’s” form

A symbol of my creepiness that day dispels
with morn.

As I dwell in flights of fancy on this many-

sided play ,

The “Corsicans’’ are uppermost in their
Vaudvillian way.

“Reading” ‘Wades” thro’ music, too, in

“Chee-Chaw’’ rythmic scale,
Turning gloom to comedy within my mental
pale.

Confusion halts my musings as the characters
flit past—

“Beef-trust,” “Marty,” “Augie,’ Joe:" ‘Her
man with his last.”

Never-endingly they go, “Lippy,” ‘Felix,”
“Wade.”

“Big Jack” with his “ginger-cake”, one that
“Tony" made.

So, dwelling here in solitude, recounting time
and place,

With much to chase the quietude—an oft’ fa-
miliar face,

I know that thus in fantasy, unceasing tho’
my quest,

Countless ones slip stealthily by in unforgettul
rest.

My eyes grow dim with sleepiness, amid this
“nick-name’’ train,

I know ‘“Old Morpheus”’ waits for me, to
clasp me once again.

My thoughts pine for the journey’s end, when
I too shall be free,

And I'll lie down in weariness—these pllan-

[ A

Matrimonial bonds are taxable but, not al-

ways negotiable.
