---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_113.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 17, 1913

W
N T e

TALENT AND TACT

Talent is something, but tact is every-
thing Talent is serious, sober, grave,
and respectable: tact is all that and more
too. It is not a sixth sense, but is the
life of all five. It is the open eye, the
quick ear, the judging taste the keen
smell, and the lively touch; it is the in-
terpreter of all riddles, the surmounter
of all difficulties, the remover of all ob-
stacles. It is useful in all places, and at
all times; it is useful in solitude, for it
shows a man his way into the world; it
is useful in society, for it shows him his
way through the world.

Talent is power, tact is skill: talent is
weight, tact is momentum: talent knows
what to do, tact knows how to do it;
talent makes a man respectable, tact
will make him respected ; talent is wealth,
tact is ready money. For all the prac-
tical purposes of life, tact carries it
against talent, ten to one. Tact has a
knack of slipping into place with a sweet
silence and glibness of movement. It
seems to know everything without learn-
ing anything. It has all the air of com-
monplace, and all the force and power of
genius.

Our French cousins call the unerring
perception which enables us to say with-
out fail the right thing in the right
place, the sixth sense. Some of us are
born with it, It is a natural trait, in-
deed, in the American character as it is
rare in that of some other people It
can be gained by cultivation of a kindly
spirit, and the habit of placing ourselves
momentarily in each man’s place before
we speak to him. B 6594

True love never dies, but it often gets strand-
ed a long ways from home.
OUR ORCHESTRA

The men of the fifth Block and Gal-
lery desire to extend their thanks to the
members of the Orchestra and the Quar-
tette for the recent high class concert.
It was without a doubt the best musical
treat we have ever had, and the numbers
were rendered in a most excellent man-
ner, and so arranged as to have pleniy
of good stirring rag-time, as well as clas-
sical music. It was a great treat, and
we only wish we could have one like it
every Saturday night.

, __B. 3369.

A woman’s idea of a good husband is one who
never feels sorry for himself.

REAL MEN DON’T DRINK TO EXCESS

There are very few, if any persons ad-
dicted to drink who are not always ready
to place the blame on some other per-
lson or happening, as an excuse for the
reprehensible habit.

Some drink when they have trouble,
others to ‘“‘drown their sorrows,”’ others
when they get married, others, yet, be-
cause they are married, but, any old
thing, just so that they may be able to
justify their failing, in their own mind,
at least.

In this connection a correspondent of
a local paper appears to have hit the
matter correctly, when he says:

In fairness to men—men of courage, strength,
wisdom and resolution—they do not drink to
excess under any pretext whatsoever. They do
not drink at all unless they find certain medi-
cal qualities in it for an exhausted physical con-
dition. Youth is prone to err—always will.
In the impatient fever of becoming a “‘man” the
youth gets ‘‘gloriously tanked’” or “‘three sheets
in the wind.”” When he becomes a man—man
in the strict sense of the word—he has done
with those follies.

Your man recognizes no obstacles in the so-
called pretext or incentive arising from environ-
ments of cross-purposes. His indomnitable spirit
masters the situation. A lost job, domestic
complications and other misfortunes only arouse
his fighting spirit.

[ say that real men do not drink to excess.
Others drink for no other reason than they can
get it to drink, and the ‘‘pretext’” is only an
excuse.

A rolling stone gathers no moss, but it gets a
great deal of polish.

FIDELITY TO FRIENDS

“Whatever happens, never forsake a
friend. = When enemies gather, when
some trouble visits, when sickness falls
lupon the heart, when the world is dark
and cheerless, is the time to try true
friendship. They who turn from the
scenes of distress betray their hypo-
crisy and prove that interest only mov-
es them. If you have a friend who lov-
‘es you, who has studied your interests
and happiness, be sure to sustain him
in adversity. Let him feel that his love
was not thrown away. Real fidelity
may be rare, but it exists in the heart of
all true friends.

They only deny it’s worth and power
for good, who never loved friend or la-
bored to make a friend happy.

‘ — Pliny.

’

A woman married to a ‘‘good fellow,” usually

has a bad time of it.

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

A bad man’s wife sticks up for him.

A good man’s wife, often sticks him up.

k3K &

“Women are not what they used to
be.”

“NoY

““No, they used to

be girls.”
%k * 3

“Ah’d like to get off next Sunday,
Mis’ Jane, to go to a fun’ral.”

“Why this is only Monday, certainly
they have not set the day so far ahead?”

“Yes sum dey has. De man ain’t
dead yit, but dere aint no hopes.”

“Why Martha, I'm ashamed of you,
certainly there is hope, the very best
doctors make mistakes.”

“Ain’t no mistake dis time, dere ain’t
'any hopes, ‘cawse he is gonna git hung
Friday, and de fun'ral is Sunday.”

* *

As a punishment for the infraction of
one of the school-room rules, Mr. Bon-
sall sentenced Ike and Yiddisha Sam
each to write their names, 500 times.
The boys went at it all right, but after a
while, Yiddisha Sam entered a protest:
“Teachur, tain’t fair, I'se got more asto
write as Ike, he’s only got one wort in
his name aber, I’se got two.”

ES ES

5%

“Tim" inquired Mr. Riley, glancing

lup over the door of the postoffice, “‘what

is the meaning of them letters MDCCC-
XUEVEE

" “They mean eighteen hundred and
| ninety-eight!”

“Tim, don’t it strike you that they're
carryin’ this spellin’ reform entoirely too
fati

ESRE e

Jingles was busy reading the columns
of the UMPIRE, when he was noticed to
lay the paper aside and take off his shoes
and socks. He turned the latter inside
out, and then put them on again. Mr.
Myers, who had been watching him,
thought, ‘‘Norristown for him,” but ask-
ed: “Jingles what kind of a trick was
that, are you getting ‘em?”’

“No,” replied the hairless one, “but,
I’'ve been reading some hot stuff in the
UmPIRE, and I had to turn the hose on
myself. See?”

