---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_114.jpg
---
OFFICIAT, LEAGUES STANDING
TO DATE

_—‘»—_.
K. S. P. LEAGUE

Wil Bet W L. Bet.

Ninth DO 808 Band 8§ 17 .320

Plasterers 200 5 .800 Library 6 19 .240

Cubs 16 9 '6401 Shed %224 120
NATIONAL LEAGUE

Wil Rt W, 1.2 Bct.

New York 91 44 .674 | Boston 58 75 .436

Phila 80 50 .615 | Brooklyn 58 75 .436

Chicago 78 60 .565 | Cincinnati 60 83 .420

Pittsburg 73 65 .529 | St. Louis 48 94 .338
AMERICAN LEAGUE

Wkl e Bcta AW A0 DA el

Athletics 89 48 .650 | Chicago 72 69 .511

leveland 81 59 .579 | Detroit 60 78 .435

Washin’'n 79 59 .572 | St.Louis 52 90 .366

Boston 71 64 526 | N. York 49 86 .363

Games Scheduled for
Next week.
Library vs Cubs Band vs Shed
Plasterers vs Ninth

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Highth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries
will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any, who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

Connie Mack’s son, Earl, picked an|

All-Star team to putit over the Stetson’s
of Philadelphia, last Saturday, and the
latter walked away with them to the
tune of 8—0. Pick another.

The Cleveland team captured the op-
ening game of the final scries with the
- Athletics, last Saturday by a 3—1 score.

The Phillies are keeping up their win-
ning streak, but the rally is too late to
be effective.

23,000 fans witnessed the Naps’ vic-
tory over the Athletics, on Saturday.

Washington is playing magnificient
ball, and will probably pass the Naps
. for second place. They won five straight,
in four days last week.

Success is voltage under control—keeping one
hand on the transformer of your Kosmic Kilo-
watts.

THE BIG LEAGUERS

The Athletics managed to hold their
own last week, not because they were
winning, but because their next nearest
competitor the Cleveland’s, were also
dropping games with consistent regu-
larity.

In Friday's game with the Chicago
White Sox, the latter had the White
Elephants beaten by the score 5—1 up
until the seventh inning, then with the
bases full, Oldring swatted outa triple
for a clean-up, and Frank Baker gave an
exhibition of his famous home-run clout.
It was only this rally in the ‘‘lucky sev-
enth’” which enabled the Athletics to
win out.

The present slump of the Athletics is
causing no little worry among the
“fans,” who are closely watching the
narrow margin separating their idol from
the Cleveland’s, who had a splendid op-
portunity to close up the gap during the
pass week, but failed to grasp it.

A local sporting writer says:
of the Athletic’s future after winning
the pennant, if they do? Will the drift-
ing former world’s champions be able to
arouse themselves from that mysterious
force that has enervated their prowess
of late; that hasso limited their “punch”
that only four games have been won
since Labor Day; that has pulled them
down from a superb average above .700

| to one of .644; that has left them a prey

to every club in the league? Will they
summon their undoubted power when
the crisis arrives; regain the form that
made them so formidable in the early
spring and summer; strike their oppon-
ents with a resistless strength that
brooks no opposition? The man who
can answer these questions in the affir-
mative can foretell another world’s
championship for Philadelphia.

Manager Dooin of the Phillies will not
admit he is out of the race for first place,
and is making a game fight to overtake
the Giants. To do this however, it will
by necessary for him to win all of the
games yet to be played, and the New
Yorkers to lose seven, a handicap not
likely to be overcome.

Manager Birmingham of the Washing !

ton’s has been suspended indefinately
by president Ban Johnson, as the result
of his controversy with an umpire.

“What

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 17, 1913

| LOCAL PICK-UPS

The foot-ball season has opened up,
with several catastrophes, and the sur-
geons are looking for a prosperous year.

Jingles states that he has retired from
the management of the Library team.

The big supply of base balls, which
Connie Mack sent in, is liable to get
moth-eaten for want of use.

Prof. Wiegandt expects to lose many
of his most valuable members of the
Band, when the operation of the new
law is placed into effect.

The Orchestra has been “licked” into
splendid shape by little Joe, and the
weekly concerts now being given are a
genuine musical treat.

Cincinnatti is now the scene of a great
gathering of baseball magnates who are
attending the annual meeting of the
National Baseball Commission which
will supervise the drafting of players
from the minor leagues.

The minister who recently advocated
the generous use of the slipper in up-
bringing children, has just electrified the
country by spanking his own father.
He probably had no children of his own
to spank and the next nearest thing was
his aged parent. He now wonders if
the publicity given the affair will in any
way impair his usefulness. Shouldn’t
wonder.

Among the members of the Band who
have been granted parole and will leave
here shortly, is Jake of the Seventh Gal-
lery. He has been here for four years,
during which time he has made many
friends among the officials and inmates.
He takes with him their best wishes.

Philadelphians who refused to sup-
port their wives and dependent chil-
dren will hereafter be required to break
stones in the House of Corrections quar-
ries for 65 cents per day and the money
thus earned paid over to their families.
The operation of this law, it is thought
will have a beneficial effect, and do much
toward reducing the work of the Court,
where about 4000, of such cases are dis-
posed of annually.

A graduate of*the Mentor Correspon-
dence Schoo!, a bang-up mandolin and
guitar player, and a valuable member of
the Bindery force will leave here to-mor-
row morning, when ‘‘Cal.”’ starts on his
long “hike’” to Shamokin carrying with
him loads of good wishes.

