---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_115.jpg
---
DE

VOL. 2
ABUSE OF PRIVILEGES

A Caution

B T HES EDITOR

OT very long ago, a member of
Congress delivered an after-din-
ner address, in which he claimed

that the travelling public had been ac-
corded more and greater privileges
twenty years ago, than are granted to-
day and bitterly arraigned the railroads
of the country for this condition, which
he attributed solely to their greed for
dividends.

The Congressman has a national rep-
utation, and his utterances were widely
quoted. They were deemed to be of
sufficient importance as to merit a reply
from the railroad people, who promptly,
and frankly admitted the truth of the
Congressman’s statement, that privileges
had gradually been curtailed, but laid
the blame on the public, who, they said,
had so repeatedly abused their advant-
ages, that as a matter of self-protection
from the brazen encroachment of the
travellers, they were forced to cut off
the privileges, one by one.

The vigor of this reply, and the quies-
cence with which it was received denot-
ed that its justice was tacitly admitted.

It must be apparent to everyone here
that we are accorded many privileges
unusual in an institution of this kind,
and others we formerly enjoyed, have
been more recently curtailed. In the
government of a large body of men, the
primary principal is, to do that which is
for ‘‘the greatest good, to the greatest
number,” and any deviation from this
principal, is very likely to result in dis-
content and trouble. The granting of a
privilege here is not the impulse of a

TDO THE INTERESTS AND ENTERTAINMENT OF ITS READERS

WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 24, 1913

moment, but rather of long and careful
consideration.

While it is a fact, that the acts of a
comparatively few men may influence
the officials to favor additional privileges
toallsitis glso "a v lacl thiat ta . much
smaller number may be the cause of
their prompt withdrawal.

It is human nature to want just a lit-
tle bit more than is allowed, and exper-
ience shows us, that attempts to attain
this “‘little bit more’’ have invariably
met with dire results.

The man who abuses his privileges,
not only loses them, but also the confi-
dence of the officials. The latter is more
serious, for certainly its weight must be
felt, when the day comes for his appear-
ance before the Parole Board. Matters
will be evened up then.

If the offender was the only one to
suffer it would be all right, but unfortu-
nately his delinquencies react upon the
innocent ones, when the order is given
to- “‘cut out’’ - this, or that privilege.
Hence every one of us who has a spark
of manhood in him, owes it both to him-
sclf and his fellows to jealously guard
his privilegces; to be satisfied with those
he now enjoys, and to so comport him-
self, that others will follow.

The prison ‘“‘snitch’ is a contemptble
fellow, but, every man has the right to
sce that his own privileges are not jco-
pordized, and he can prevent it very
effectually without reporting to officials.

You guard your other possessions here
with jealous care, and if you detected a

man ‘‘swiping’’ your tobacco or pot-pie,.

there would be Hail Columbia. Then
do the same with your privileges.

We hear a great deal about “‘honor
among criminals,” and if there is such a
thing, now is the time and place to
exercise 1t.

HONOR MEN MAKING GOOD

Come Through Rigorous Test
With Credit

MOST interesting piece of news
matter appeared in the papers re-
cently, which was probably passed

over by a majority of the readers as
scarcely worthy of attention. It relat-
ed to the arrival in prison of two bodies
of convicts who had been employed on
road work, at widely separated points,
and who had been ordered to return to
the prison, without a guard, or escort,
of any kind. They were simply handed
tickets for their destination, and told to
““beat it back.” and they did. The two
bands of men met a few miles away
from the prison, where a junction was
formed, and together they made the rest
of the journey.

To the penologist, the fact that they
did return was the all-important matter,
but it is safe to say the prison authori-
ties were on tenter-hooks until their ar-
rival was reported. But who can imag-
ine the thoughts, the inclinations, and
temptations overcome, by this crowd of
“word of honor men’’ as the prison
walls loomed before them? It was a
severe test of the new system, and that
the men came out of it in such splendid
shape, will go far towards convincing
the sceptical that there is indeed such a
thing, as honor among those in whom it
is least expected.

Confidence begets confidence, and
what is being done in respect to testing
the value of the “word” of a criminal
could very well be tried within the walls,
without the serious risks involved in the

“open-air’’ experiment.
