---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_116.jpg
---
N

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 24, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of |

its readers.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : ' Editor

Wednesday, September 24, 1913

The young lady now studying in Cor-
nell University to fit herself to earn a
living, should be granted a diploma, and
a professorship at once, for when she an-
nounces that her present living expenses
do not exceed 50 cents per week, she
seems to have gleamed all there
learn on the subject.

1s to

A man seldom discovers the microbe in kisses
until about a year after marriage.

That frequent bathing promotes effi-
ciency is recognized by a large local
concern which has not only provided
splendid facillities for its employees in
this respect, but actually pays them a
small sum of money, each time they take
advantage of the privilege.

It is a fortunate wife who can dea with her

husband honestly instead of diplomatically.

The annual election campaigns arc

now on, and once again the poor down-

trodden workingman, and the homeless
tramp, are made to understand the value
of being free American citizens,—for elec-
tioneering purposes, at least.

We can accomplish what we believe we can
accomplish.

Desperate efforts are being made to
cut down the high cost of living. Peanuts
from Wales, fresh creamery butter from
Siberia, and beef from Argentina are on
sale in New York.

Live each day so as to shake hands with your-
self every night.

A parrot and his mistress carried on a
conversation by way of the telephone at
a distance of a thousand miles. The
bird recognized the lady’s voice at once,
and gave utterance to a series of shrill

ha ha’s interspersed with endearing terms
it had been taught to speak.

That the proper care of the teeth is
absolutely necessary for the preserva-
tion of good health, is recognized by the
authorities of the Atlanta, Ga. peniten-
tiary, who furnish tooth brushes and
powder to the inmates, as a part of the
regular supplies.

Some folks have more temptations than others.
because they are always hunting for them.

A glance over the news columns of
any paper must convince every one that
notwithstanding the generally crowded
condition of nearly all penal institutions,
there certainly must be a far greater
number of dangerous criminals at large
than there are behind the bars. For
some reason the Master criminal is sel-
dom within the toils, and on the few oc-
casions when he does face a magistrate,
an astute lawyer usually finds a way for
him to evade the punishment of his
crime. By far the greater majority of
the men in prison today are those who
were too poor to enlist the services of a
skillful attorney.

When your wife and your affinity are the same
person, society has no mortgage on your soul.

It is the opinion of the writer, that
the young man who will leave this place
without first reading ‘‘John Halifax,
Gentleman,” is missing an opportunity
which for want of time, may never again
be presented. No one can read this in-
teresting work of Miss Mulock, with-

lout being the better for it.

Some howl before they are hurt, others refuse
to groan even afterwards.

The Mayor of Concord N. H. called
on Harry Thaw in state, and in the
name of the people, welcomed him to
the city.

No good sensible working Bee listens to the
advice of a Bed-Bug on the subject of Business.

WHO’'S WHO

In MacKentieville

Who roasts the ‘‘gang” in senseless
rhyme, to please his pals, and pass the
time? Who grinds out poetry by the
vard, and has grabbed the palm from
Poet, bard? Who looks for a niche in the
Hall of Fame, and in black-face type,
wants to see his name? Who fakes at fix-
ing our little sky-lights, which leak just
the same on rainy nights? Who soon
will be a rank ‘“‘outsider?”” Why that
creeping gent, that, gentle Spider.

| WITH THE POETS ||

MOTHER’S FACE

Three little lads in converse loud engaged,
One sunny summer day.

And out of window low, I thought I'd lean.
To hear what they might say.

“The prettiest thing on earth I ever saw,”’
One of the wee boys said,

“In Grandma's garden was a lovely bird,
All yellow, black and red.”

“The prettiest thing that I have ever seen on
earth,”’
So spoke another lad,
‘‘It is a pony at the circus grounds—
I want him awful bad!”

“I think,” the third bright little fellow said,
With unaffected grace,
“The prettiest thing to me in all the world.
Is just my mother’s face!”’
—Pliny.

WORK AND WAIT

A faith more deep and changeless
In the fatherhood of God;
A hope more high and rangeless

i For the ways that men yet must trod;

A little more abiding
By the counsel of the heart;
A little less of chiding
When you have to bear your part
Of life’s trials and disappointments—
Nearly always you will find
That the peace of joy’s anointmernts
Follow very close behind,—
A child, to keep you mindful
Of the nearness of His love;
A friend to keep you mindful,
And a home where, far above
All the toil and tears of trying,
You can reach the open gate,
That leads out of strife and sighing,
When you’ve learned to watch and wait.
—Selected.

MOMENTS REALLY LIVED

You will find, as you look back upon
your life, that the moments when you
have really lived are the moments when
you have done things in a spirit of love.
As memory scans the past, above and
beyond all the transitory pleasures of
life, there leap forward those supreme
hours when you have been enabled to
do unnoticed kindnesses to those round
about you, things too trifling to speak
about, but which you feel have entered
into your eternal life. —B 659/,
It is said by one who knows that the
hardest way to get money, is to steal it;

the next hardest way, is to marry it.
