---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_117.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 24, 1913

w

MORAL TRUISMS

By B 6594

TRUE HAPPINESS

Look on the bright side. It is the
right side. Our lot may be hard, but it
will make it no easier to wear a gloomy
and sad countenance. It isthe sunshine
and not the cloud, that makes a flower.
There is always before or around us that
which should cheer and fill the heart
with warmth. The sky isblue ten times
where it is black once. You have trou-
bles, so have others. None are free from
them; and perhaps it is as well that none
should be. They give sinew and tone to
life—fortitude and courage to man.
That would be a dull sea, and the sailor
would never acquire skill where there
was nothing to disturb the surface of the
ocean. Itis the duty of every one to
exact all the happiness and enjoyments
he can, within and without him,
and above all he should look on the
bright side of things. What though
things do look a little dark ? The lane
will turn, and the night will end in broad

day. In the long run, the great balance
will right itselt.  What is ill be-
comes well, what is wrong, right.

Men are not made to hang down their
heads or lips, and those who do, only
show that they are departing from the
paths of true common sense and right.
There is more virtue in one sunbeam
then in a whole hemisphere of clouds
and gloom. Cultivate all that is warm
and genial—not the cold and repulsive,

the dark and morose.
You have known people within whose

influcnce you feel cheerful, amiable, hope-
ful, equal to anything. I do not know
a more enviable gift than the energy to
sway others to good, to diffuse around
us an atmosphere of cheerfulness, fidel-
ity, truthfulness, piety, and generosity.
It isnot a matter of great talent, not
entirely a matter of great energy; but
rather of earnestness and honesty, and of
that quiet, constant energy, which is like
soft rain gently penetrating the soil. It
is rather a grace than a gift.

There is nothing substantial and sat-
isfactory but the supreme good, in it,
the deeper we go and the more largely
we drink, the better and happier we are.
Therefore, look on the bright side by do-
ing right by right motives.

A CONVICTS UNION

For many years ‘‘organization’”’ was
overlooked by employers, and employees |
alike, but one day the former woke up
with a vengence, and the result is,
“Trusts.” Then the workingman, and
mechanic took the fever, and took it
so bad, that today almost everything
under the sun is ‘‘organized,” and
“‘unionized’” and the ‘“‘walking delegate”
is having the time of his life.

The longshoremen’s Union, and the
Hod carriers Union; the bartender’s
Union, and the Scrub-ladies Union; the
teamster’s Union, and the chamber-
maid’s Union, all have their day, and a
very good day indeed, are they having.

The Boot-black’s Union, was thought
to have been the limit, but not so, for
from the wild and wooly, and Progres-
sive West, comes the startling informa-
tion, that there is a movement afoot
throughout the United States to organ-|
ize a Union of Paroled Convicts. Gee
Whiz, wouldn’t you like to have a card,
and sport the button? And what a
chance for a name; National Amalga-
mated Order of the United Paroled Con-
victs of America. Oh, oh!

But when the object of the Union is
known, it appears to have substantial
merit and worthy of sober consideration.
At present it has for its only object the
hunting down, and handing over to jus-
tice all men who have broken their
parole. Later on, if the movement is at
all successful, it may be extended, and
embrace those other features which
make trades Unions so attractive to men
who hold office in them. They may
even go so far as to maintain a lobby in
the State Capitals, and in Washington, |
to influence legislation in their interests.
They may also acquire a power in po-
litical affairs which would command the
fear, if not the respect, of the police and
Judges, and there is no reason why they
should not, if all who are cligible should
join, pay their dues regularly, and
do just as the walking delegate and
the great big High Executive of the
combined organizations tells them.

They might eventually be able to pass
any laws they chose; hold any public
office they may have a yearning for, ob-
tain Legislative action legalizing burg-
lary, etc., and have a generally good
time. Come to think of it, it’s a grand

idea—Tlet’s join—at once. — Mitch

SAID TO BE FUNNY

ILet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Jingles says he will soon have to draw
a line to show where his face stops.

d k%

“Who can describe a catterpillar?”
asked Mr. Bonsall.

“I kin, Teechur,” said Yiddisha Sam,
“Its a vorm what is upholstered.”

ES

Blink,—‘‘Soy Timmie [ wantchu to
look after me te’artrical in’trusts when
you go out.”’

Timmie,—‘Sure; that will not require
much time or effort.”

B 5677 sends in the following:

He was visiting a friend some time
ago, and while in the parlor was shown
a common red clay brick. and a faded
rose, beneath a glass case. He asked
for the story, and the friend replied:
“Do you see this hole in my head?”’
Upon being assured that he did, he con-
tinued,”” well that is the brick that did
it “What about the rose?”’” ‘“That
my friend,” he gravely answered, “is a
rose from the grave of the man who

threw the brick.”

bR

E 3 ®

“Mama,”’ said the little girl, as she
watched the Governor pass by in his
carriage,”’ I thought you said the Gov-
ernor was a politican.” \

“So, I did, my dear, but why do you
aska

“Because | heard papa say, that poli-
ticans had stripes, or ought to have
stripes, or something like that, and I am
sure there are no stripes on our Gover-
nor.”’ '

One left by Timmie:

A traveler passing through a Pennsy-
lvania hamlet came to two churches, a
Baptist and a Methodist, on opposite
sides of the road. As he drew near to
the Baptist church, the congregation
were singing loudly: “Will there be any
stars, any stars inmy crown?”’ As they
closed the hymn, the congregation of
the Methodist church opposite took up
the good old-fashioned hymn, “No, not

No, not one!”
%

*

one!

& *

When you're ill, a doctor’s bill, can give you
a thri.l, which his pill, never will.
