---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_118.jpg
---
4

OFFICIAL LEAGUES STANDING

TO DATE
e
B SRS EAGEE
W. I,. Pet. W. L. Pct.
Ninth D2 R P RIS ES B a T d S 17 .320
Plasterers 200 5 .800 | I,ibrary 6 1955240
Cubs 16 9 .640 Shed oy 2 S1E0)
NATIONAL LEAGUE
. WL SR Cta \V.J: Rect
New York 93 46 .669 | Boston 62577 446
Phila 81 54 .600 | Brooklyn 62 78 .443
Chicago 83 62 .572 | Cincinnati 63 85 .426
Pittsburg 75 68 .525 | St. Louis 49 98 .333
AMERICAN LEAGUE
N L By A e Wil Pet
Athletics 9449 .657 | Chicago 74 72 .507
Cleveland 83 62 .572 | Detroit 62 84 .425
Washinin =828 6355668 S NEE ok h3EQREE3 76
Boston T (6l e Sl b 2 Sl

Games Scheduled for
Next week.
Iibrary vs Cubs Band vs Shed
Plasterers vs Ninth

The Warden requires that all men must re-
main with their respective Blocks on the grounds
assigned to them, for witnessing the ball games.

First, third, ninth, tenth and eleventh blocks
will see the games played on Ninth block
grounds.

Eighth block, and seventh and twelfth blocks
and galleries will see the games on the Stable
grounds.

Fourth, fifth and sixth blocks and galleries
will see the games played on the Store-house
grounds.

This order applies to all men, employed or un-
employed, in shops or elsewhere.

Any, who may be detected attending ball-games
on other, than their own grounds, will from this
date, be denied their privileges and detained
in their cells for a period of thirty days.

By order of the WARDEN.
July 30 1913.

A FAIR DECISION

Establishing a precedent, the Directors
of the National league have ordered the
game between the New York and Phil-
lies on August 30, finished on October 2
with the same men in the field, and un-
der the same status as existed the day

Umpire Brennan awarded the game to
New York, on account of spectators, as
he ruled, interfering with the batters.

At the time the game was called there
was a man on base, one man out, and a
ball on the batter, with the score S=0,
in favor of the Phillies. The same sit-
uation, with the same men in the field,
and at the bat is ordered to
duced, and the game finished.

be repro-

Let Health and Wealth be incidental, and
you’ll have both.

. [course.

la month.

THE BIG LEAGUERS

It's all over, even to the shouting.
The Athletics will meet the New York
Giants in bitter struggle for the cham-
pionship of the world. It promises to
be a glorious battle, and an even bet.
A New York sporting writer can only
see one way, and that, the Giants, of
He says :

“The Giants and Athletics this year
should furnish one of the most thrilling
struggles of the world’s series history.
Such a classic is good or bad, according
to whether the contestants are evenly
matched. Notonly are the Polo ground-
ers and the Shibe Park lads of about
kindred playing strength, but both have |
been so erratic the latter part of the sea-
son, that almost anything may be ex-
pected in the great clash.

Both the Giants and Athletics have
been going in rather slipshod fashion for
Were they to start the big do-
ings to-morrow it would be a puzzle to
dope it. The team with the luck would
win. But before the beginning of an-
other week the prospective rivals will
undoubtedly settle down to business,
and be in preparation for the bitter fight.

Pitching is a great deal of a world’s
series argument, and in this line, Mec-
Graw lays it all over Connie Mack. The
Athletics have only two very much ov-
erworked veterans—Eddie Plank, and
Indian Bender.
young talent, but it has been very errat-

They have a bunch of !

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 24, 1913
T |
e e T e P |

” LOéAL PICK-UPS “

Well, we had a lot of fun while it
lasted.

Now the rumor is running around
that the games were suspended to per-
mit Ducky to recover the use of his
mighty pitching arm.

It has been suggested that Jingles and
the Poet play a game of checkers to de-
termine the holder of fourth position in
the E. S. P. League; that the winner op-
pose Marty in a similar game, the win-
ner of which, should have it out with
Stump as to who is the better checker
player, and finally the Chef to come
forth, and see if he can uphold the claims
of the Ninth to the 1913 pennant.

A great many of our star-players will
leave us during the winter, but there
will be others to take their places. This
is a sure bet.

The new manager of the Stocking
Shed team took office just at a time when
there was nothing to manage.

The report that Timmie, who had to
‘undergo a severe operation within a week
‘after leaving here, is now convalescent,
1s greeted with pleasure by all who know
‘this splendid fellow.

In a down-pour of rain, 2000 mission
‘workers were led through the streets of

‘the Tenderloin, last Thursday night, by
'the Warden, to the time of four bands

ic all season. They may be able to
stand up under the strain of a world’s
series, and again, they may not.

Outside the box McGraw is just about
able to hold his own.”

Mack’s weakness in the box, is believ-

ed to be off-set by his bunch of sluggers, |

who have been batting over .300, and
after all, the famed ‘“Matty” has not
been throwing such wonderful ball of
late.

Ty Cobb is now leading the bat-
ters of the American League (.378).

Joe Jackson of the Clevelands is second !

(.375)  Collins, Meclnnis, Baker and
Murphy, of the Athletics, are all going
better than .300.

Walter Johnson leads the pitchers |

with a record of 33 won, 7 lost, and .825
percent. Houck, Athletics, second with
12 won, 4 lost, .750 percent. Falken-
berg, Cleveland; Wood, Boston; Bender,
Athletics, and Walsh, Chicago, follow
in the order named, with .700 and over.

iplaying, ‘“There Will Be Showers of
‘Blessing.”” That was a practical lesson
'in optimism, with a vengeance.

The melancholy days have come,
The saddest of them all
When someone put the grand “‘kibor sh,”

’ On our glorious game of ball.

The first man up for non suppoit of
his family was sentenced last Tuesday
to ninety days on the stone pile of the
House of Correction, where he is earning
165 cents a day, but the deserted family
'isdrawing the money. It is the only
law in existence which provides for the
care of a man's family while he is in pris-
on, and it ought to be extended to em-
brace all crimes.

An opinion from Mr. Hickey, of the re-
lative merits of peanuts from Wales as
compared with the Virginia product
would carry much weight; about 200
pounds.

