---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_119.jpg
---
Ninth Block wins the Pennant—Sea-

son a Big Success—Men Were
Well Conducted—Presi-

dent’s Review

HE E. S. P. Baseball League season clos-

I ed with the games of August 19, and the

positions of the clubs on that date is an-
nounced as their standing in the race.

A review of the season by the President of the
Commission (Doc.) follows for which we extend
thanks.

Outside of the regular players there are very
few men who knew of the existence of this offi-
cial, nor of the amount of detail work which fell
to him as the result of his office. Without him
the games could not have succeeded with any
degree of system, and he has frequently been
called on to bring order out of chaos, which he
did in a quiet unostentatious way, agreeable to
all. He was thoroughly familiar with the rules
of the game, enforced them impartially, and ex-
ercised rare judgement and patience, in passing
upon the matters which came before him.

With the sanction of the officials, he super-
vised the games along the same lines as those
governing the big leagues, as near as possible,
and to him must be accorded the merit of mak-
ing the season a success. [Editor]

THE PRESIDENT’S REVIEW

The E. S. P. League Baseball season
for 1913 closed on August 19, and the
winning club is announced as the Ninth
Block.

The official standing of the clubs at
the close of the season is as follows:

Wa I Eet: WL Pet:

Ninth 22 3 .808 | Band S T390
Plasterers 20 5 .800 Library 6 19 .240

. Cubs 16 9 .640 Shed SEDD 100

Throughout the entire season the
Ninth and Plasterers demonstrated their
superiority over the balance of the clubs,
and attained their positions solely on
their merits. '

In the first half, the Library and Cubs
were tied for third place, but with the
begining of the second half, the latter
steadily drew away, and the Band, thro-
ugh the infusion of new material, jump-

DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS AND ENTERTAINMENT OF ITS READERS

WEDNESDA

ed from last position to the fourth.

The Cubs played a remarkably con-
sistent game in both halves, though go-
ing better and stronger toward the close
of the season.

The Stocking Shed was entirely out-
classed, winning only nine games the
whole season out of 55 played. This was
expected, however, and no one was dis-
appointed.

The most remarkable reversal was that
of the Library team, which from a per-
centage of .567 in the first half, fell back
to .240 at the close.

The whole season has been a wonder-
ful success when it is considered the con-
ditions under which we labored, and it
is very gratifying to be able to state
that both the players, and the men wit-
nessing the games, conducted themsel-
ves with propriety. This is particularly
satisfying, in that it shows that the con-
fidence of the Warden has not been
misplaced.

The games were fought out according
to the rules and the umpires rendered
their decisions fairly and honestly as
they understood the rules of the game.
They worked hard, and displayed both
moral and physical courage which en-
titles them to the favorable commenda-
tion of all who are interested in baseball.

The scorekeepers also did splendid
work throughout the season, and I wish
to thank them now for their painstaking
efforts.

It is only fair to state that the men
from the Blocks who witnessed the games
this year for the first time, conducted

themselves in a manner which must in-
ure to the credit of all, when the quest-
ijon arises in the future as to the advis-
ability of making the E. S. P. League a

permanent feature of the institution.
The President.

CTOBER 1, 1913

WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP
Athletics and Giants Will Begin the

Series in New York Next

Tuesday

HE beginning of the great baseball
classic will be staged on the New
York Polo grounds on Tuesday,

October 7, and alternate between that
beautiful spot, and Shibe Park, on suc-
cessive days untll either the Athletics or

Giants have tallied up four victories.
The Athletics lost the toss for the op-

ening game which goes to the Polo
grounds. That does not disconcert Mr.
Connie Mack, or any of his cohorts, for
they believe they can administer the
necessary drubbing at any old place.

New Yorkers to a man have picked
the Giants to win, but, they are not
backing up their views with money, ex-
cept as an even thing. Both champions
are putting up a weird game of ball these
days, which indicate almost anything
other than star performances. This
may be only a blind, however, for both
teams are watching the other’s play-
ing, through their experts, in hopes
of securing a line on their weak points.

All the details of the big event have
been gone over very thoroughly; the
prices of admission and disposing of
tickets adjusted, and it is now up to the
weather man to do his part, to insure
the biggest attendance ever at an ath-
letic event. :

Conolly and Egan, of the American
League, and Klem and Rigler, of the
National, will umpire the games.

One way to avoid a fight, is to stopand
count ten. By that time the other fellow
would probably have you licked.
