---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_120.jpg
---
\V)

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
its readers.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
be returned if requested.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday, October 1, 1913

AUTUMN began September 23, 10.37
A. M.

THE EDITOR of one prison paper gives
his readers something like this:

“Only a few more weeks.”

“Five long weary years.”

“Once we counted years, but now we are
counting weeks."”’

Suppose he thinks he is the only one.

On September 27, there was an his-
toric event when the tug Gatun entered
Gatun Lake, by way of the mammoth
Gatun locks, and achieved the distinc-
tion of being the first vessel to make |
practical use of the Panama Canal.

THE EXHIBITIONS of rowdyism indulg- |
ed in by the University of Pennsylvania
boys, is a disgrace to any city and should
not be tolerated, for a moment, no mat-
ter whose sons they ‘are. Recently a
crowd of Sophs, marched a Freshman
through the crowded streets, and forci-
bly made him kiss a strange young lady. |
Fortunately, she had an escort who was
provided with both brawn and courage,
and he effectually put the ruffians to|
rout.

A few years ago about this season, they
took a Freshman, stripped him as on
the day he was born, and then tied him

twenty feet up in the air, to a telephone

post, where he hung in full view of the
residents of the fashionable neighbor-
hood in which it occured, as well as the
many passers-by, until he was finally res-
cued by the police. 7

Some time previous to this, the boys
from the same University, knocked

down and trampled an old lady nearly
to death, in one of their insane college
rushes in Broad street station.

What the authorities term an ebullition

of boyish spirits in these fortunate young

men, would be called a sure sign of cri-
minal depravity in *‘Yiddisha Sam,’”’ or
“Reddy’” Murphy, and land them be-
hind the bars in a hurry.

A course in deportment with Profess-
ors Jack Johnson, and Sam Langford, to
beat it in, is what these young ‘‘gentle-
men’’ need.

The lad who lassoes an idea and hog-ties it,
is the only one who really counts.

A STRIKING instance of the law’s de-
lay, when money is used to brake it, is
shown in the recent statement that the
cases against the Bayliss Paper com-
pany, have been postponed to the next
November term of court.

The defendant concern was adjudged
by a special jury as responsible for the
great Austin Dam catastrophe, Septem-
ber 30, 1911, in which 84 lives were lost,
and $1,500,000 worth of property swept
away. The reason given for the delay
is that the defendants are endeavoring
to make a settlement out of court for a
measly $300,000.

A committee is a thing which takes a week to
do what one good man can do in an hour.

THE MECHANICAL work, as well as the
preparation of the subject matter of the
UMPIRE is done wholly by inmates. Ex-

| cept to pay the cost, the officials take no

part in its publication, even by way of
suggestion. The Editor made an effort
some time ago to have the paper given
at least a semi-official standing, but the
response was, ‘‘No, give itall to the
boys."”

All that I claim for myself is that I am right

part of the time. And that is better than being
dead wrong all the time.

A correspondent asks us to print the
lines, ‘The Faceon the Bar-room

Floor.” Will someone please furnish the
words?

WHO’S WHO

In Mackentieville

Who knocks us all, each, every one in
gleeful joy to have his fun? To have his
fun, and provide a laugh for all of those
he has on his staff. Who takes our orders
with winning grace, and fills the same
with frowning face? Who talks out loud,
but thinks down deep, and like a casca-
ret works while we sleep? Who trims his
whiskers @ la Chap—Ilain? Why, that
sprightly gent, that long John—

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 1, 1913

| WITH THE POETS |

A SONG

There are songs enough for the hero
Who dwells on the heights of fame;
I sing for the disappointed—
For those who have missed their aim.
I sing with a tearful cadence
For the one who stands in the dark,
And knows that his last, best arrow,
Has bounded back from the mark.
I sing for the breathless runner,
The eager, anxious soul,
Who falls with his strength exhausted,
Almost in sight of the goal.
For the heart that breaks in silence,
With a sorrow all unknown,
For those who need companions,
Yet walk their ways alone.

There are songs enough for the lovers,
Who share love's tender pain;

I sing for the one whose passion,
Is given all in vain.

For those whose spirit, comrades
Have missed them on their way,

I sing with a heart o’erflowing,
This minor strain today.

And I know the Solar System
Must somewhere keep in space,

A prize for the spent runner
Who barely lost his race.

For the plan would be imperfect,
Unless it held some sphere

That paid for the toil and talent,
And love that are wasted here.

—Selected.

WHERE AND WHEN TO JOKE

It is not everybody who knows where
to joke, or when, or how; and whoever
is ignorant of these conditions had bet-
ter not joke at all. A gentleman never
attempts to be humorous at the expense
of people with whom he is but slightly
acquainted. He would as soon board at
their cost, or request them to frank him

at their tailors.
good manners nor wise policy to joke at
anybody’s expense; that is to say, to
make anybody uncomfortable, merely
to raise a laugh.

A harmless jest may cut much deeper
than a curse. Some men are so consti-
tuted
friendly joke in good part, and instead
of repaying it in the same light coin
will requite it with contumely and in-
sult. Never banter one of this class.
Ridicule, at best, is a perilous weapon.
Satire, however, when leveled at social
follies and political evils, is not only le-
gitimate, but commendable. It has
shamed down more abuses than were
ever abolished by force of logic.

—B 659),.

In- fact, (it is neithers

that they cannot take even a
