---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_121.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 1, 1913

e e e ———

MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

HELP ONE ANOTHER

This little sentence, help one another,
should be written and stamped on every
heart and memory. It should be a
“golden rule,”’ practiced in every inhab-
ited land throughout the world. By
helping one another we not only remove
thorns from pathways and anxiety from
the mind, but we feel a sense of pleasure
in our own hearts, knowing we are do-
ing aduty to our fellow creatures. A
helping hand, or an encouraging word

is no loss to us, yet a benefit to another.
Who has not, in this and other sim-

ilar institutions, felt the power of this
sentence ? Who does not and has not
needed the encouragement of a kind
friend ? How soothing when perplexed
with trials and burdens which have come
upon us, just or unjust, to feel a helping
hand, on our shoulders, and hear the
kindly voice whisper,—‘‘do not be dis-
couraged; I see your trouble—let me
help you.” What strength isinspired—
what hope created—what sweet grati-
tude is felt, and the great difficulty dis-
solved like dew beneath the sunshine.
Yes, let us help one another by en-
deavoring to strengthen the weak, and
lift the burden from the weary and op-
pressed, that life may glide smoothly on,
and the fount of bitterness yield sweet
waters, and he whose hand is ever ready
to aid us, will reward our humble en-
deavors, and every good deed will be as
“bhread cast upon the waters, to return
after many days,”” if not to us, to those

we love.
Thousands breathe, move and live,

pass off the stage of life, and are heard
of no more. Why ? Because they did
not partake of the good ‘“help one an-
other” in the world, and none were bless-
ed by them; none could point to them
as the means of their relief from dis-
tress: not a line they wrote, not a good
word they spoke, that could be recalled;
and so they perished; their light went
out in darkness, and they were not re-
membered. Will we thus live and die ?
O, man immortal ! Let us live for
something. Do good, and leave behind
us a monument of virtue that the storms
of time can never destroy. Letus write
our names in kindness, love and mercy,

on the hearts we come in contact with
year by year. We will then never be
forgotten. No, our names, and deeds
will be as legible on the hearts we leave
behind as the stars on the brow of eve-
ning.

Humility is another form of energy. It is
simply going after the thing by another route,

SAID TO BE FUNNY

et us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Many a fellow has been cornered who

wasn’t square.

L L R

Blink—(To circus manager) ‘Soy,

and deceiving yourself as to the motive.

WORD CONTEST

Of Educational Value to Those Who are
Striving to Learn English

With this issue we inaugurate a “‘word
contest,”” more particularly for the bene-
fit of the foreigners here, who are mak-
ing strong efforts to master the English
language. Itis also hoped it will be
of educational value to others who
are endeavoring to improve their con-
dition along this line.

This first contest is in the nature of
an experiment, and if we find it is not
meeting with the success. hoped for it
will be withdrawn. :

The word selected for this month’s
contest is

GRATITUDE

See how many proper English words
you can form with the letters contained
in the one word,—GRATITUDE.

Rules: Only proper words to be
found in Webster’s Dictionary will be
counted. Names or slang words must
not be used. .

The same letter in one word may only
be used as many times, as itis contained
in the word Gratitude

Write the words in columns, number-
ing each one as you go along. In the
event of the contest being very close, the
Editor will decide in favor of the neat-
est list.

No questions will be answered in con-
nection with the contest while it is in
progress.

Contest will close October 22, and the
winner announced in the issue of Novem-
ber 5. _

Sign your list with your registered
number, and location, address it to THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and hand to
your Overseer, who will have it deliver-
ed.

Some women have the married look; some
have the school-teacher look, and yet others |
have the beery-look. The first and last are the
easiest to attain.

I'm a actor, and I wants a job wid your
show.”’ :

Manager—‘‘Who told you about the
vacancy so quick? Step right in, the
job is yours; the monkey died five min-
utes ago, and you can take his place.”

E I '

“T never realized before,”" said the
newcomer, ‘“‘how much water there is
in soup, until I swallowed a ginger cake,
and heard it splash.”

£3

* * *

Oh, the Irish. One of them called on
Mr. Loan the other day, and asked him
for an empty flour barrel to make a hog-
pen for his dog.
Dunnie unloads the following:

“Did you say mah train’d be along in
ten minits, suh,” asked and old darkey
of the railway station agent.

“Yes Uucle.”

“T jest axed you, suh, ’'cause I ain’t
got my rabbit foot ’bout me, an’ dat
dere board say, ’All trains on time ’cept
one,’ I was jest figurin’ dat one would
be mine.”

“Some one’s tampered with the bul-
letin board,” declared the agent, rush-
ing excitedly to the platform.

The bulletin read:

““All trains on time—Sept. 1.”

E3

* *

The Doctor says that the feeble
growth of hair just discernible on Jingles’
head may be attributed to the fact, that
he has not had an opportunity to ‘‘butt
in"’ lately.

* *

Slay of the Writer’s room says he was
unable to be fitted with a bathing suit
in his home town, so he placed his order
with the Spaulding people, of Philadel-
phia, who acknowledge it in the follow-
ing letter:

Dear Sir: From the measurements enclosed

lin your order for a bathing suit, we judge it

must be for an elephant, and suggest that what
you probably need is a tent, which will be fur-
nished reasonably by Vanderhoechen Sons, this

city.
