---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_122.jpg
---
4 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 1, 1913

THE BIG LEAGUERS

This is the Last Week--League Cham-
pionships “Cinched” by the
Giants And Athletics—Now For
The Big Doings

NATIONAL LEAGUE

et Ww. L.

W. L. ‘ Pct.
New York 97 48 .669 | Boston 66 82 .446
Phila 85 58 .594 | Brooklyn 64 81 .441
Chicago 86 65 .570 | Cincinnati 64 87 .424

Pittsburg 78 69 .531 | St. Louis 49 99 .331

AMERICAN LEAGUE
W-NT, bt W3, bt
Athletics 95 53 .642 | Chicago™ 77 72 .517
Washin’'n 86 53 .577 | Detroit 64 85 .429
Cleveland 83 65 .561 | N. York 55 91

55
Boston 76 69 .524 | St.Louis 56 94 .373

This is the last week of the season for
the two big leagues, but so far as the
championships are concerned, they have
been won by Connie Mack’s bunch, and
McGraw’s prize packages.

In the National League the Phillies
win second place, but the honors of that
positionin the American, is still in doubt,
as both the Washingtons and Clevelands
have a fighting chance. It was only by
the narrowest margin that this city
missed the glory of having a monogoly of
the championships, for had the Phillies
not suffered that awful slump in mid-
season, they would have had McGraw's
bunch beaten to a frazzle. Dooin has
demonstrated that if he is allowed a
free hand, and a little money to buy the
material, he can put a ‘‘champeen”
team together with the next one.

Well it was for Mr. Mack, that he

started to make a runaway race of it in|

the beginning of the scason, and obtain-
ed such 2 commanding lcad, for the
Athletics have fallen much below the
high standard of championship form,
which they established for themseives.

In the world series they will only have
two veterans in the pitcher’s box, Plank
and Bender, with Houck, Pennock and
Bush as the youngsters. Houck leads
all the others of Mack’s men in the pit-
ching department, with a percentage of
.189; Bender follows with .679; Pen-

nock, .667; Bush .650 and Plank .630. honest wav, w

The Giants have Demaree, .825; Mar-
quard, .697; Maithewson, .676 and Tes-

rau, .618. They have only two men
hitting over .300. Meyers, .310, and
Snodgrass, .300. The Athletics will

show up much stronger with heavy hit- | newspaper men.

'377| players.

tersin the persons of Collins, .340;
Mclnnis,. 326; Baker .324; D. Murphy,
.298 and Strunk, .288.

However, there is little use to try and
dope it out on paper. Sufficient data is
given above to try it out for yourselves.

While all of New York is rooting for
the Giants, it is significant of the true
situation that they are not offering any Now that the SeaEn has closed the
odds, and the only bets recorded as yet, pall-play’ers are invited to take a hand
are a few stingy $20. and $50. ones. |l .th.e UmpPiRE Word Contest. Very
The most money is being placed at pre- thrilling sport.

sent on the result of the pitchers, and| Stump stayed long enough to learn
the real big money will probably not be|that the Ninth won, and then “beat it”’
in evidence until after the first game,|for home.

when the fans will have a line on the

' ” LOCAL PICK-UPS ”

Hats off to the “Ninth.”
Won'’t Timmie be glad ?

Timmie is now able to sit up and
take notice.

There has been some talk of a post-
season series, between the Ninth and an

It is interesting to note that Connie|All-Star team, but so far that’s all it

Mack is a total abstainer from liquor|amounts to—talk.

and tobacco, and never uses swear words| S many men are making preparations

at home or abrecad. He scores every to leave here during the present month
game played by his men, and his voice that it is difficult to keep track of them,

\is never heard in protest on the field. and wish them success individually. So
The attention of both Rube and Jingles| “here’s how” to all.

is called to this little idiosyncrasy of a The ténion the Pirstblock thaciin
successful baseball man.

: B 6567, wish Ed, the clerk, and Jim, the
The Athletics have been under the! X ] ,
- runner, all manner of happiness and
management of Mr. Mack for thirteen e
5 e success when they shortly make their en
years, during which time, they have won : :
g ’ : - - try into the outside world.
5 championships; 3 times in second place; :
‘once in third position; twice in the| Tony of the Plasterers has been given
fourth; once in the fifth, and once in the|the responsible position of exercising the
sixth. In addition to this they were|automobiles. It is more exhilarating than
twice winners of the World’s Champion- | thrashing out ginger-cakes.
ship. Some record.

\ Don’t come back because you believe
| J i x

Ty Cobb still lcads the American| We ieed you. Never fear, but we al

League hitters with .381. Joe Jackson, |find as good a plt.ch.er k3 Longle’ Wh'ﬂe

| sccond with .373 we have brother Wi lie; Rube will be with

2 ’ us, when Andy is gone, but a worthy

Walter Johnson h.as all the other pitch- | successor to John Henry, (or is it George
trs put to rout, with a percentage of|

'Henry) may give us a little trouble ;how-

1.833. Houck, of the Athleti econd | ; :

009D, OucCkK, € Adnictics, secon ever. we will find onc
: .

with .789.

In these days of rapid transit, univer-
sal telephones, and widespread police or-
ganization, it is the maddest sort of folly
to imagine that “over the wall is out.”
Of the two men who thought so recently
one now has a much longer term, under
| greater restrictions, than he had in the

Conunie Mack has demonstrated that/|first instance, while the otherlies dead
baseball can be conducted in a quiet,|from the effects of a self-inflicted bullet
ithout resource to trickery|wound. Itis safe to say that during their
or jockeying of any kind, and has done|period of liberty, neither of ihese men
more to dignify the game, than any ‘enjoyed a single moment of happiness to
one man, living or dead. He isrespect-|compensate him for the cnormous risks
ed by the magnates, idolized by his men, 'he assumed. Of all the myriad forms of
and held in the highest esteem by the mental sufferings, there is none to com-
. pare with that endured by a hunted man.

An English nobleman who recently]
witnessed his first game of ball in Can-|
ada, purposes to remain in this country|
'long enough to see the world series, and
|learn how the gameis pulled off by real |
artists.

j
3
;:
i
