---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_123.jpg
---
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 8, 1913

ATHLETICS WIN FIRST OF
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES

Clamoring Mob of Nearly 50,000 Fans Witness Defeat of New York
Giants—Baker and Collins Heroes of the Day—A Battle of
Champions—Score 6—4.

Amid lowering clouds, the blatant
sounds of the bands, and in the pres-
ence of forty thousand yelling, shriek-
ing, frenzied “fans,” the first of the ser-
ies of games to determine the baseball
championship of the world was played
on the New York Polo grounds yester-
day afternoon, and when the last man
was out in the last inning, the most rab-
id Giant was reluctantly forced to con-
cede the game to the Athletics by the
score of 6—4.

As early as Monday, long lines of
men, boys, and even a few women ex-
tended from the various entrances to
the great Ball Park, and at noon, yes-
terday all streets leading to it were
blocked with the heavy traffic of taxi-
cabs, automobiles, and vehicles of every
other description, bearing their eager
burden, while the sidewalks were black
with a fighting, pushing mob, intent on
witnessing the titantic struggle between
two mighty champions of baseball.

New Yorkers of course predominated
but the men af Connie Mack’s did not
lack a following, for every train brought
large delegations from this city, to _sup-
port and encourage their favorite White
Elephants.

Connie Mack put in ‘“‘Chief”’ Bender
to do the trick for the White Elephants
and backed up with a magnificent sup-
port, and the terrific slugging of Baker,
Collins McInnis and Schang, landed the
first game of the series in the camp of
the Mackmen by a decisive score.
There was nothing doing in the first two
innings but in their half of the third the
New Yorks tallied a run by Merkle who
had been advanced by a bunt, and fin-
ally to the plate by Doyle’s single to
right field. The New Yorkers went

wild, but their joy was short lived.

The Athletics in the next inning push-
ed forward Eddie Collins who hammer-
ed one over Shafer’s head, and as the
ball rolled to the Center field fence, Col-
lins scampered to third. Baker singled,
while Collins scored. Barry shot one
down the left field for two bases. Shang
then drove the ball to center field for
three bases, and Strunk and Barry cross-
ed the plate. In the fifth the White
Elephants tallied once more. Collins
passed, and stole second, when the
mighty Baker appeared on the scene,
and leaning against the second ball
pitched, sent it sailing high and clean to
the bleachers for a home run.

In the Giants half of the fifth, Merkle
singled, and McCormick, put in as a
pinch hitter singled to center, putting
Merkle on third. Doyle reached first
on Barry’s wild throw, while Merkle
and McCormick scored.

There was nothing doing in the run
making line until the eighth inning,
when the White Elephants got to Cran-
dall and drove him to cover. Collins
beat out a bunt to first, and Baker sin-
gled. Mclnnis dropped one to the left
field for two bags, scoring Collins. This
settled Crandall, and McGraw put in
his next pitcher, Tesrau, who came to
the rescue in good shape, for Baker who
had reached third, never secured an op-
portunity to come home. But there
were runs enough to cinch the game,

and the Mackmen were widely jubilant.-

The ninth inning was played in a
drizzling rain, but the first three men to
face Bender went out in their order.

The game was well played, and had
no unpleasant features. The players of
both teams conducting themselves with-

NO. 30

out any discord.

The next game will be played in this
city on the first clear day, and the Ath-
letics are picked to win on their own
grounds.

ATHEEDIECS @

AB. R. BH. TB SH. SB. O. A. E

EuMurphy; ek i 4005 S 11 Stiei0s 50642 8050
Oldring, If. 4 S0k s T A SR O () B2 e I )
Collins 2b. IS Tt B S e s )
Baker, 3b. ] R ST OB () R () R4S ()
Mclnnis, 1b. S OSSR S S OIS O 80
SERUTKAEECHE ARV () () () () S S AR O )
Barry, ss. AC Gy = D0 QRSSO 1en S
Schang c. 455001238 0B 0= 4 S0
Bender, p. 400z 107 00~ F0EE0 S50
Totalss -5 T 34T6 LI 20 eSO asll

NEW YORK

AB. R, BH. TB. SH, SB. 0. A E

Shafer, cf. SR (IS T [ () SR ()RS 3 S () B8 (),
Doyle. 2b. A1 A2 S L0 0t a2 80
Eletcherss. o 4 OEORSD R (VS ()82 88 2 ()
Burns, If. 7N S AR s O SRR () Re) R E SO0
Herzog, 3b. A0 00 o Ot OFE (VS (RS 1 SR ()
Murray,: i = 4SS S28 I35 (S8 Oeee 100
Meyers, c. SN () () SN ) R ()N () SRS S8 ()
Merkel, 1b. 45820020 82 OGO 080
Marquard.. pr a0t 07 20505 R] BRSSO
M Cormicks @ dll T TS (e () F80)
Crandall p. RO (R S ORE 0Es O OS0H0)
Tesrau, p. (OB A R ) S )
**McLean, L ) () () RO () B () e R ()8 ()
Totalsih= 036884 e 2 et 018 27EH 580

* Batted for Marquard iu fifth ‘nning
*# McLean batted for Tesrau in ninth

SCORE BY INNINGS
Athletics LEie 000320010—6
New York. __001030000—4

Two-base hits—Barry, Burns, Mcln-
nis. Three-base hits—Collins, Schang.
Home run—DBaker. Hits—off Mar-
quayd 8 in 5 innings; off Crandall, 3 in
2 innings, and none out in eighth; off
Tesrau, none in two innings. Sacrifice
hits—Marquard McInnis. Stolen bas-
es—Collins. Double play—Barry, Col-
lins, McInnis. Left on bases—Philadel-
phia 4; New York 6. Base on balls—
off Marquard 1; Tesrau 1. First base
on errors—New York 1. Struck out—
by Bender 4; by Marquard 1; by Cran-
dall 1; by Tesrau 1. Time 2:06.
