---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_124.jpg
---
()

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 8, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
its readers.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columuns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
not be returned,

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be 'sign—
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday, October 8, 1913

THE cosTt of the Panama Canal to
May 30, 1913, is $295,587,518.41.

AN ELECTRIC ‘“‘spanker” giving five
sharp blows a second, has been installed
in a small school in Huntington, W. Va.,
with good results. Most of the kiddies
wanted to try it right away, and were
gratified.

WE HAVE to thank B4086, B6474, B6286
and B6789, for the words of “The Face
on the Bar-room Floor.” We regret
that it is too long for publication in
these columns.

ANOTHER LAW requiring amendment :
Vice-president Marshall says, thatin his
State, the Legislature made it a crime
for men to play nine-pins. The day after
the bill was signed, the gamblers added
another pin, and now they call it “ten-
pins.”” All of which goes to show the folly
of trying to reform a man by statute.

A weaLTHY New York philanthropist
has been just committed to the Auburn
penitentiary at his own request, in order
that he may gather by personal experi-
ence the feelings of a man behind the
bars.

He has the right idea, but he is going
about it the wrong way. To make the ex-
‘periment complete, and of real value, he
should have committed a crime, denied
his guilt; passed through the rigors of the
“third degree;” faced a crowded court
room, and endured the agony of waiting
for a verdict. He should want to know
something of the feelings of a man, when
his whole nervous system is keyed up to
the point of collapsing from its own ten-
sion, as he listens to the words of con-
demnation from the presiding judge. He

pers on his face and head; the steel rule
against his bare flesh, and the ignomy
of delving into his family history. He
by all means ought to know, how it feels
to count the days and years to his re-

1 lease, and then experience the cruelest

of all tortures: the uncertainty of the
time of discharge, engendering an agony
of suspense, so bitter that men’s reasons
have tottered under the ordeal. He also
should know, the joy of freedom for the
time, and the awakening to the fact that
he has a world to face; that he has a liv-
ing to make; that society is not through
with him; that he is a marked man who
will not be forgiven until he has made
good to the uttermost.

And suppose Mr. Osborne should ex-
perience all these things, what can he do
about it? No amount of coddling will
make the convict any better, no more
will any amount of brutality.

Make prison conditions as near like
the outside world as possible. Give the
convict a daily wage, based according to
his labor, regardless of what trades unions
may say. With it, let him pay his way;
support his family, if he has one. If he
wants to see the doctorlet him pay the
fee; make him pay right along for every-
thing he wants and needs Give him lux-
uries if he can pay for them with money
of his own earning. Teach him to save;
interest him in city government; foster
the idea of ownership of land; give him
responsibilities. If he wont work, let him
taste to the full, English work-house me-
thods. If he is too ill to work, let work-
ers be taxed for his care. Let the prison
be a self-supporting community govern-
ed by the inmates, under official super-
vision, after the plan of the Boy’s Mu-
nicipalities.

This is only a bare outline, but the wri-
ter believes it worthy of thought and
elaboration. —THE EDITOR.

WHO’S WHO
In Mackentieville

Who has the softest snap within these
walls, with many hands to await her
calls? Who rushed in here without a com-
mit., and at once proclaimed that she
was “It?”’” Who has loads of ‘‘goodies”
and nice fresh air, as any kid in Ritten-
house square? Who to the mother’s eyes
is a blithesome fairy? Why, that Second

should want to learn and feel the Cali-lblock sprite, that toddling Mary.

” WITH THE POETS ”

A SECRET

You talk about your engine rooms,
And power plants so great;

Just pay a visit to Mackentieville,
You'll find them up to date.

The chief there knows his business:
And you’ll find it in a trice;

That he knows how to make kilowatts,
And manufacture ice.

I know you'll talk steam-heating;
That too is in his line.

In looking over the system,

You will find it up to time.

Just take a look in the boiler-room,
You'll find there, no grimy hole;

But there you’'ll find the boys in blue,
A shoveling in the coal.

You may talk about cheap firing,
And take data from your log;
But the boys in there that push the scoop,
Can surely make the fog.
You may say that I am boasting,
“And no doubt that’s what you'll do;
But ask the Chief to show you,
A high-pressure chart or two.

Just stay around till supper,

And the secret then you’ll learn.

You can talk about your swell hotels,
Why you'll see roast-beef to burn.
And if perchance on Sunday,

Of course you'll understand,

The way they issue pot-pie,—

A cubic foot per man !

That is why they’re husky chaps,
And can make the wheels go round;
They know the biz from a to z,

And from the roof right to the ground.
Now this is all I have to say,

And I think you'll say the same;
That the boys up at Mackentieville,

They surely know the game.
—B6763

JEWISH NEW YEAR IN PRISON

Rosh Hoshanah, the Jewish New Year
(5674) was appropriately observed by
the Jewish inmates of the institution.

Regular services were held in the un-
occupied Emergency Hospital. B6676
who possesses a pure tenor voice, acted
as Cantor and reader. He led the ser-
vices, and was assisted by a trained choir.

The Warden who always takes a deep
interest in religious affairs, came in and
the Cantor, and choir sang a beautiful
Hebrew prayer. In return, the Warden
gave a heart-to-heart talk. He related
the story of Daniel, and prophesied that
some day, another Daniel would come
out of the wilderness, appointed by the
Lord, and take a stand * for His people
and lead them back to the right way so
that they may once more be God’s
chosen people in every sense of the
word.

—B 6076.
