---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_125.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 8, 1913

w

MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

CONTROLLING OUR THOUGHTS

We are responsible for our thoughts—
that is, for the thoughts we encourage,
cherish and love. We can not be blamed
for every bad suggestion that comes to
our mind, but we can be blamed if we
keep them there and make a pet of them.

The will has power to put away bad
thoughts. The will depends upon the
emotions, passsions, and tempers; the
emotions passions, and tempers depend
upon the views we take of objects.
Has not the will power both ? Let a
man indulging in fretfulness be visited
by friends, whose good opinions he es-
teems, and how soon will he put on the
appearance and assume the voice and
language of cheerfulness.

Thoughts may come unbidden as
birds; but we can drive them away as
well.
change the current of the most interest-
ing stream of thought. Then, if we
have the power at all times to change
the train of thought, our character is in
our own hands, for the feelings, the ten-
dencies, the deeds of a man, are but the
outgoings of his thoughts. Who com-
mits crimes, fights battles, carries for-
ward reforms, etc., without first thinking
them all over in hisown mind ? They
all are but the development of the
thoughts of the soul, and over these the
will sits as monarch, not that it can call
up a thought by its own powers, but it
can admit or exclude thoughts at its

pleasure, and choose the region of
thought, whether good or bad, in which
the mind shall dwell. Some men exert
far more influence over their thoughts
than others; but this is due to habit
more than nature. A man may so rep-
resent to his mind God, all lovely as he
is, as to hate him; and so present to it
the devil, all hateful as he is, as to come
“in time to love him.

To successfully banish evil thoughts,
we must welcome good ones. The good
ones, under the force of our will, may
force out the bad, and fill our minds.
This must be done. No upright life is
likely to follow vile and wicked thoughts.
“As a man thinketh, so is he.” P_ure
thinking is the fountain of all purity;
good thinking the fountain of all good-
ness: but evil thinking is poison in the
fountain which vitiates all the branches
of life.

It needs but a little violence to.

PAROLE MEN MAKING GOOD

A committee of which Mr. Edwin M.
Abbott, Judge Robert Ralston, and
State Senator, Samuel W. Salus of Phil-
adelphia, were members recently sub-
mitted a very comprehensive report on
the operations and effect of the laws in

and Release on parole.”

The report stated among other things,
that ‘“‘the result of the year’s work has!
been one of encouragement. Reports
from parole officers and others having
charge of the work in the various states
show no diminution in the numbers
of paroled prisoners now leading law-
abiding lives throughout the entire|
country. Nearly 80 per cent of paroled
prisoners have made good.” :

“In Pennsylvania, parole, boards have
jurisdiction in making rules and regula-
tions relating to paroled prisoners.
Heretofore these boards have insisted
that a sponsor be obtained by each pris-
oner before being paroled. As a result,
many worthy prisoners have been com-
pelled to serve out the greater part of
their maximum sentence, entailing great
hardship. The last Legislature has
curtailed this power and prescribed that
where the prisoner cannot obtain a spon-
sor, and that is the only reason for his
remaining over the minimum term, then
the board shall procure a sponsor for
him, and he shall be entitled to parole.’

WANTS THE REAL THING

Thomas Mott Osborne, chairman of
the New York State Prison Reform
Commission, appointed to investigate
and suggest prison reform legislation,
began a self-imposed term in Auburn
prison on September 30.

Mr. Osborne outlined his purpose to
the convicts, and while conceding that
there are many shortcomings in such an
experiment, justifies his purpose in the
following statement:

“I have the feeling that after I have
really lived among you, marched in your
lines, shared your food, gone to the same
stone cells at night, and in the morning
looked at God’s sunlight through those
same iron bars, that then, and not until
then, can I feel the knowledge which
will break down the barriers between
my soul and the souls of my brothers.”

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Let us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

“I feel very sorry for you, prisoner atthe
bar, and have no feeling of anger toward
you, but I must sentence you to prison

relation to the ‘‘Indeterminate sentence, for the term of 42 years,” said the hu-

mane judge.
“Gee,”’ remarked the prisoner, “‘I sure
am glad you ain’t mad at me.”

3 O

“Figures don't lie,”’ said Blink.
“Yes, but liars do figger,”’ answered
Ducky.

ES * %

B. 6677 says that when he was a gro-
cer’s clerk a young married woman en-
tered the store and complained that the
flour which he sold her was ‘‘tough.”

“Tough, what do you mean?”’ he
asked.

“Why,” she said, “I made a pie out
of some of it, and it was so tough my
husband couldn’t eat it.”

E T S

““George Washington was born Feb-
ruary 22, A. D., 1732; now what does
A. D. stand for ?"" asked Mr. Bonsall.

“I know teecheer,” cried Yiddisha
Sam. ‘It means after dark.”

* * *

A pretty good fellow sends in the fol-
lowing, which is evidently ‘“‘said to be
funny,” but we will be switched if we
can see it :

Some hat Jim, some hat !

Some ring, Pappy, some ring ! !

* kX

Jingles sends in the following funny

one :
: Oet. 1, 1913:

To the Editor of THE UMPIRE.

Sir :—I believe that you are broad-
minded and sufficiently versed in the intricate
study of the human brain, to understand that
continual nagging at one person, is apt to change
good nature into animosity.

However, do not misconstrue my meaning. [
am still in good humor, but I have not as yet
read this week’s issue of your valued paper;
have only been informed of its contents.

Some weeks ago I kindly requested that you
refrain from using my name in a spirit of ridi-
cule, and you have only doubled your efforts to
use me for a good joke in your columns.

I believe I amas good a ‘“‘sport’’ as the next,
but I am sure I am not going to be the butt of
every Tom, Dick and Harry, in here, simply be-
cause it affords amusement to some.

I again ask you to kindly stop these referen-
ces to my person, and I am sincere in making
this statement.

Respectfully,
(Jingles)—B. 6388.
