---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_126.jpg
---
4 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 8, 1913

” LOCAL PICK-UFS ”

Big Doings this week.

Pears should be ripe now.

Willie ought to give his baseball suit
to little Tke. :

The Jewish men heartily thank the
Warden for the interest he takes in them.

The Ninth Block’s corrected average
in the E. S. P. League, is 880 per cent.

Joe Jeanette gave the ‘“‘Boston Tar
Baby,” a mighty good thrashing, last
Friday night, during a ten round bout
in New York. Langford, it issaid made
his appearance in the ring, wonderfully
suggestive of our own ‘‘Beef Trust.”

The new Tariff law has been signed by
the President, and is now in effect.
Among the articles on the free list are,
“Balm of Gilead,” gold and silver bul-
lion and “spunk.” Hope there will be
heavy importations of each of these arti-
cles; we need them in our business.

This time last year, two big World
Series were going on at the same time,
not the least of which, was that for the
championship of the E. S. P.

Mr. Connors and his stentorian voice
will be glad to officiate, if the Warden
will only say the word.

The September Grand Jury under-
took to wrestle with the weighty prob-
lem of the “Eastern Penitentiary,” and
was forced to admit that it was too much
for them. They reported to Judge
McMichael, that they did not know ex-
actly what to report, whether to criticise,
or commend the lack of solitary confine-
ment in that institution.

Twenty-four hours in Klondike would
have determined an unanimous conclu-

sion in favor of leaving matters as they
are. ;

A serious earthquake shock was ex-
perienced in the Panama Canal zone
last week, and for a few seconds, it ap-
peared as if Nature was about to make
reprisal for interfering with its work,
However no damage was reported, but
it very forcibly brings to mind, the fact,
that a mighty natural force may in a
minute undo that which it has taken
years of labor, and millions of treasure
for man to build up.

Competitive lists in the UMPIRE Word
Contest are coming in freely, and indi-
cate a keen interest. Men should remem-
ber that the contest will not be decided
by priority of receipt of lists, but, by
the neatest list containing the largest
number of words. Take your time; you
have until the 22d. inst. to get them in.

Preliminary work for the new State
Penitentiary near Bellefonte, Center
county has been in progress during the
past year by over one hundred men de-
tailed from the Western Penitentiary.

When completed, the prison will be
composed of a main building with two
detached wings, surrounded by a high
wall set in the midst of a 5200 acre tract
of land.

Speechmaking and red fire are rampant
in Philadelphia these Autumnal nights,
and the spell-binder is in his glory. - And
just to think, what could be done with
the fourteen hundred votes lying around
here.

Two men were recently sentenced to
eighteen months, and two years res-
pectively in California for violating the
Mann White Slave Act. In this city,
the judge sent a man found guilty of
violating the same law, in that he actu-
ally bartered the woman for money, to
prison for ninety days. But out in Kan-
sas when a man pleaded guilty to a vio-
lation of this widely known law, the
judge refused to accept the plea, and
then discharged the accused on the
grounds, that he did not believe it was

the purpose of the act to impose pun-,

ishment, except in cases where commer-
cialism actually occurred.

Now, “who shall decide when Doctors
disagree?”’

PERPETUAL SABBATH

A perpetual Sabbath is celebrated on
earth. This is not generally known,
for most people think that the day called
Sunday, is the only one celebrated.

The Greeks observe Monday, the Per-
sians, Tuesday, the Assyrians, Wednes-
day, the Egyptians, Thursday, the Turks,
Friday, the Hebrew and several Christiai
sects, Saturday, and the Christians, Sun-
day. So really it i§ Sabbath every day
to some one on earth.

—American Practitioner,

Now they want ‘“Father’s Day.”

. CECILIAN CHORAL CONCERT

The “Cecilian Choral,” under the
auspices of the American Society for
Visiting Catholic Prisoners, and conduct-
ed by Mr. Frank J. Crowley, gave an
enjoyable Sacred Concert on the Center
last Sunday afternoon. The program
was unusually good and exceptionally
well rendered. The soprano solo, ‘‘Ave
Maria,” and the “Gloria’” from St. Ce-

cilia’s Mass being particularly note- -

worthy, and greatly appreciated by the
inmates.

Those taking part in the entertain-
ment, were Messrs. Frank J. Crowley,
John J. Ranson, J. Aloysius Smith, R.
S. McCarthy, and Mesdames, Stephen
Ruth, Catherine Ryan, and Margaret
Sloan, with Miss Mary McEntee as the
accompanist.

PLANTING HAIR

Oh, Brotherhood of bald-headed men,
here is your chance to put one over.

Dr. Menahem Hodara, of Galata,
Constantinople, has solved the calvic

problem according to the leading Con-

stantinople papers.

His proceedings are after all, very
simple. It is only a matter of planting
the seeds and the addition of a little
manure afterwards. Almost the same
as is done with all field products.

Whenever a member of the bald-head-
ed fraternity presents himself, does Dr.
Hodara makes some thousands of inject-
ions of hair-seed-germs all over his bald-
pate ? No, indeed! In each hole he
simply plants a hair, taken from the
scalp of some young person. Then he
covers the planted scalp with a butter
of his own invention. Each morning
the patient sprinkles his head with fresh
water, and at the end of about three
months hey, presto ! the ex-bald head-
ed one grows almost frantic with joy, be-
cause a very forest of wool is growing
all over his bald-pate.

On several occasions when Dr. Ho-
dara forgot himself and mixed his seed-
plants, the result was, well—I shall
leave you to imagine the result.

At other times, he paid too little atten-
tion to the color of the patients eye-
brows, beard, etc., with the peculiar re-

sults, such as, brown hairand red beard;
or black hair and red beard, etc., but

all the same color or not, every hair will

grow as planted.
A free translation from the Turkish.
—by Pliny.

Sy

P TR L, LR T AT iy M W AR A T AR T S e S =
