---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_127.jpg
---
VOL. 2

ATHLETICS OWN THE EARTH

WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 15, 1913

WINNER OF WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP

Win Four out of Five Games and Humble Arrogant Giants—Glory
and Dollars for the Whole Bunch of White Elephants—
Bender and Plank Both in the Game.

Oh, somewhere here in dear old Phil, the sun is
shining bright.

The Band is playing somewhere, and some-
where hearts are light.

And somewhere men are laughing, and some-
where others shout—

But gloom is on Manhattan, the Giants were

put to rout.

v —Qlde Ballade.
It is all over; the great baseball event
“of the year is but a memory, but, ah,
what a sweet memory. A memory of
men and doings that will recall a host of
pleasurable feelings for days, and years
to come. For the mighty, arrogant
Giants went down to defeat so decisive,
that not even a remnant of glory is at-
tached to their side of the struggle.
And with the fall of the New York Na-
tional’s, another reputation was shatter-
ed, and men now wonder, how they
could have ever considered the “peer-
less’” Mr. McGraw as the brainiest man-
ager in the whole of baseballdom.

Two years ago he overlooked Mister
Franklin Baker as a factor in the game,
and this year he never even considered
the ‘“‘Boy battery,”” Bush and Schang as
entering into the contest. But they
were there with the goods, and Leslie
Bush, a boy not yet out of his teens,
and playing in his first big game, put the
doughty Giants to the mat
they came up before him.
story of David and Goliath, and
course the youthful David won out.

Another matter Mr.

| rooters, put young Leslie Bush in the box,

as fast as|
It was the!
of  howling, jeering mob of

McGraw over-| Connie was right,

looked, and that was the fact that Mes-
srs. Bender and Plank were physically
able to pitch in four of the five games
played. On the quiet, no one else
thought so, except Connie Mack. But
the old veterans were there with the
goods every time.

In the second game of the series play-
ed in this city on last Wednesday, for
nine grueling innings Plank held the
Giants scoreless, and then with the
whole team suffering from the high ten-
sion under which they had been work-
ing, he weakened, and as he did so his
team mates likewise went to pieces, per-
mitting the New Yorkers to score three
runs, and the game. Pitted against him
was the peerless Matty, the hero of many
such struggles, and the mainstay of the
Giants. He did not fail, though in the
first, fourth and eight innings he wasin a
hole, but he crawled out, and prevented
the Athletics working ina single when it
meant a run. The score being 3—0 in
favor of New York.

On Thursday, the Athletics journeyed
over to the Polo grounds, and to the sur-
prise of the faithful White Elephant

10 foil the Giants. It seemed madness t0
shoulder a boy with his meager experi-
ence with so much responsibility. The
chances were against him, with that|
New York fans,
shrieking insults at him. But again|

confidence, for with even more decisive

effect than in the first game, the Giants
were crushed under a rapid fire attack
by the score of 8—2. They were utter-
.y defeated and completely humilliated
in every department of the game. The
Athletics swatted the ball almost every
'time at the bat, and there was hardly a
fAuke hit registered, of the twelve record-
ed for the victors. Tesrau, the Giants
boastful pitcher, was batted clean out
of the box, after he had been touched
up for 11 hitsand 7 runs, when Cran-
dall took his place, and was served the
same sort of dose, and off of whom they
tallied another run.

Then on Friday the stage was set for
this city, and Chief Bender opposed an-
other of the Giants special twirlers, Mr.
Demaree, who lasted just four innings,
and was replaced by Marquard. For
six innings the Giants could do nothing
with the balls the big Indian was send-
ing in, but after that with the score
standing 6—0, in favor of the Athletics,
Bender eased up to save his strength,
and permitted the New Yorkers five
runs, and then tightened up again.

On Saturday, in New York, the Giants
trotted out Matthewson as their savior,
and while he pitched masterly ball, the
Athletics found him for three runs in the
Grst three innings, and copped the game,
the pennant, the winner's end of the
boodle, the glory of the nation, and all
of Philadelphia.

It was a glorious victory for Eddie
Plank, in that he won the game, and the
Giants were only able to secure two hits
off him, while the Mackmen touched up
Matty for six.

Collins, Baker, the Kid Schang, Bar-
ry and Oldring, in addition to the pitch-

(continued on page four, third column.)

and Bush justified his|
