---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_128.jpg
---
Do

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 15, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
its readers.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary

Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S 5.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available Rejected articles will
not be returned.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday, October 15, 1913

It is proposed to dedicate a day to
“father,” to be known as ‘‘Father’s
Day,” and as an appropriate flower,
some one has suggested the “poppy.”’

Mr. Bonsall says if we don’t stop us-
ing his name in the UMPIRE, he will
“write us a letter.” “Yiddisha Sam”
will be doing the same thing, next.

There are more ways than one to
“butt” into these columns.

It is the rule that when a soldier and
a convict are discharged, it is usual for
them both to reenter the service they
were so anxious to quit. Why?

Because discipline, coupled with too
much paternalism in caring for their
creature needs, has destroyed ambition to
assume responsibilities, as well as the

power to exercise their own initiative |

——both absolutely essential to the success
of any man.

One of Governor Sulzer’s attorneys,
in opening for his defense asked : S
pose a human derelict should approach
any onc of us on Broadway, and ask for
a quarter to buy food, and having given
it to him, could he be convicted of lar-
ceny if he spent the money for whisky?”’
We don’t know about New York, but in
this State they could send him to jail
for *‘false pretences,” if any one took
the trouble to prosecute.

Axticles exalting. Mo “A” or Me
“B,” or Mr. “M,”" or the whole dang
alphabet, and palpably designed for
“graft” will not be accepted for publica-
tion in these columns, without a suitable
quid pro quo.

While it is not unusual for editors to
receive prize pumpkins, potatoes,

that Easton Bill.

squashes and other toothsome products
of the farm and kitchen, the Editor of
the UMPIRE has never been able to con-
nect with even a stingy ginger cake, in
the way of “‘graft.”” Ahem!

364 immigrant children arrived in this
port during the month of September,
and every one of them located in the
several Public schools within a week af-
ter their arrival. A daily paper states
with pride that 1000 of such children
have been so placed during the year.

That may be true enough, but how
about the 18,000 native born children
who were unable to find room in the
schools at the begining of the year?

Mother love is imbibed at the breast,
and is one of the most beautiful things
in this world. When a mother feels the
love of her off-spring slipping away from
her, she begins to lose her hold on life
itself. Being her most cherished pos-
session, she should do all in her power to
foster and merit it. The rule is how-
ever, that when the child loses love and
respect for his mother, he is at once set
down as wholly bad. Is it true? I be-
lieve not. When a married quan with
growing children will deliberately attire
herself in gowns made fashionable by
wantons of Paris, and designed to ap-
peal to men’s passions, rather than to
their sense of beauty, and justifies it be-
cause ‘it is the style,” she is going
far toward losing the respect of her
children, her husband, and her brothers.

The coarse, heavy-shod, masculine-
attired female of to-day is a very far re-
moved creature, from the sweet-faced,
low-voiced, dainty little “‘fAuffy-ruffles”
of only a few years ago.—[THE EDpITOR.]

It takes brains to make money; but any darn |

fool can inherit it.
money.

I never inherited any

WHO’S WHO

In Mackentieville

Who did bum work for the UMPIRE
many a day, and set lots of bad type
that was labor thrown away? Who wrote
up the ball games, to roast players with-
out fame, and sold out to Jingles, when
he umpired one game? Who fired the

i

THE SPIDER’S LESSON

No boarding-house, tavern or inn was in sight,

So into a barn, crept a poor tramp one night.

By enemies hunted, a price on his head,

And all his schemes shunted, he wished he was
dead.

“In vain my endeavors, replaced my de-
mands—

I'll try again never—I'll throw up my hands,’

And so he lay sighing and cussing his fate,

And wished he was lying stone dead in a
crate.

A spider was spinning his web by the wall;

Now losing, now winning, now taking a fall.

Though often it tumbled, it breathed not a

sob,

Nor crawfished, nor grumbled, but stuck to
its job.

The tramp opened wide, his eyes, and ex-
claimed !

“That dodgasted spider, has made me ashamed.

I'm but a four flusher, to sit here and whine,

This morning must usher in triumph of mine.”

He canned all his wailing and cut out his
frown,

And went forth a sailing, and won a hand-
down.

And legions of fellows, with tearsin their eyes,

Who wear out their cronies, with groans and

with sighs.

Who think they are goners, ordained to the
dump,

Would harvest some hand-outs, if they’d only
hump.

The spiders are teééhiﬁg the same as of old,
The spiders are preaching a gospel of gold,
The baffled and broken, O children of ‘men,.

Let’s all quit our groaning, go at it again. . .,
Your freedom of course, you'll have that some

day,
So like this old spider keep spinning away.
; Selected by Spider.

THE WINTER STYLE

Little g’rl, when on the street,

You appear to be all feet,
You wear your clothes so very tight—

You are just an awful sight.
Nothing on to keep you warm,

Crazy just to show your form.
Little girl, you wont live !ong,

Just because you dress all wrong
After while, I do believe,

You will dress like Mother Eve.

— B 6290.

Enterprising New Yorkers have es-

boilers, to make light and steam and|t@Plished an Hydro-aero cab service be-

shoveled in coal till the fires did sure
scream?  Who blowed the old baritone
horn, till it sprung a leak, and who's now
grinding socks alongs.de of Rattlesnake
Pete? Who when he sees danger, is struck
with a chill> Why, that pugilistic gent,
By Himself.

tween the Metropolis and
vessels.

incoming

Every man to his trade. Anybody can
“shoo’” a chicken, but it takes a black-
smith to shoe a horse.

