---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_129.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 15, 1913

M
M

MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

OUR CONSCIENCE

Oh, the Conscience ! What a won-
derful faculty itis! It deals not only
with the affairs of this life but brings
the soul face to face with God. As a
stern and uncorruptible judge it lays
down the law in all its points and bear-
ings, and fixes upon the transgressor a
sense of guilt from which he cannot es-
cape. Secrets of guilt are never safe
from detection. True it is that Provi-
dence has so ordained and doth so gov-
ern things that those who break the law
of heaven must reap the terrible conse-
quences. Discovery must come, and
will come, sooner or later. A guilty
soul cannot keep its own secret. It is
to itself; or, rather, it feels an irresist-
able impulse of conscience to be true to
itself. It labors under its guilty posess-
jon, and knows not what to do with it.
The human heart was not made for
the residence of such an inhabitant. It
finds itself preyed on by a torment it
does not acknowledge to God or man.
A vulture is devouring it; it can ask no
sympathy or assistance, either from
heaven or earth. It must be confined,
it will be confined.

We should have “always a conscience
void of offense toward God, and toward
men.”’ '

To disobey conscience is to commit
the last disloyalty. It is to learn to be
untrue to ourselves. If we are untrue
to ourselve we must reap the terrible
consequences.

Illuminate, reinforce and educate con-
science as well as you can, but recollect
that in the last resort it isa peremp-
tory judge that it is better to obey it,
mistaken even if it be in some degree,
‘than to disobey it, and thereby run the
risk of passing over a judgment, the
nearest representative for us of the judg-
ment of God. You may say, when I
urge you to this exact and earnest
obedience that I am asking you to pre-
cipitate yourself, at any rate sometimes,
into the gulf of sheer loss...... Duty
done is never sheer loss. Self-interest
demands something else, but, believe
me, you and I live in a world of eternity,
and the passing conditions of a passing

time are no measurement of the final
effects of that which is done by a being
that shall live forever.
THE KAH-GYUR
(Tibetan Bible.)

Tibet, until a few years ago, to us
a land of mystery and of imagination,
forms one of the highest plateaus in the
world.

It is more than double the height,and
almost as large, as our western highlands,
and is certainly much colder all the
year around. It is practically inclosed by
the Kuculun, and Altai mountains, the
latter, a part of the Himalayan range
of mountains, which are said to have
only two or three practical passes from
either Nepal, or northern India. The
most practical, by reason of the shooting
obtainable for maintainance; (plenty of
Ibex Yak and Antelopes.) The easiest of
the known passes, for entering Tibet
from the south, is by way of the river
Bramaputra. With all the antediluv-
jan mystery, fascination and fierceness
of the Tibetans, now fairly well under-
stood, they have yet one object that can-
not be understood, and has been for
years, and I believe still is, to a greater
extent, the plague and despair of savants;
that is the Kah-gyur, or the Tibetan bi-
ble, always kept in the sole custody and
care of the Dalia—Lama, the principal
Ruler, and chief High Priest of Tibet.

The Kah-gyur consists of 108 volumes
of 1000 pages each. Each volume weighs
10 pounds and is 65 inches high, 20 inches
wide. and 20 inches thick. Pertaining to
the Bible, are 225 volumes of comment-
ary matter, necessary for obtaining a
full (?) understanding of the Kah-gyur
proper.

A powerful Mongol tribe paid 7000
steers and horses for a single copy. How

would you like to read it?
B387.

UMPIRE WORD CONTEST

Next Wednesday, October 22 is the
date set for the closing of the Word Con-
test, and all lists should be in by that
day. While there has been quite a few
received up to this time, we want to .see
a great many more, particularly from
those who are attending school.

There is no better way of familiarizing
yourself with the English language, and
it is also a wonderful aid in increasing
your vocabulary. So get busy this week.

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Mr. Bonsall—‘“What is a guinea worth in our
money?’”’

Yiddisha Sam—‘‘A guinney is wort ninety
cents a day, and no more, so mine fadder says.”
& + £

B 6677 says he was in the custody of a police-
man one time, when his hat blew off, and he
asked the officer if he could run after it?

“Nix’’ said the wise cop,” I know yer, and I
know yer tricks. Stand here, and I'll go chase
it meself.”

* i ES

Jonah says that Rabbi is becoming so well

educated that he can now talk with one hand,

where he formerly was obliged to use two.

#
* #

Mary had a little calf,
And it was white as snow,

She wore her skirt slashed up the side,
And that is how I know.

*
% *

Swig (angrily) “The size of your bill makes
my blood boil.”

Doc. M.—*“That will be $20. more for steriliz-
ing your system.”

* * *

Blink says that he and Sadie were up in an
airship, 2000 feet above the ground, when she
suddenly looked down and said: ‘“Gee, I've
busted another pearl button off my jacket. I
see it way down there on the ground.”

“Nix,” said Blink, ‘‘dat’s not yer purl button,

dat’slake Erie.”

k
* * -

When a fellow adds a little more to a little,
and gets a whole lot, it is time for him to build

a house on it. B6oy6.

*
E3 *

The following poster was displayed in connec-
tion with a Western revival meeting:

Subject—‘‘Hell: Its Location and Absolute
Certainty.”

Thomas Jones, baritone, will sing “Tell Moth-
er I'll Be There.”

“Just my luck” complained Spider,
as I get on Easy street some gink comes along
and starts to tear up the pavements.”

* s *

B 6594:—Oh, sir, I am suffering from indiges-
tion.”

Mr. Bailey: “Why I am sorry. What can I
do to help you?”’

B 6594: Sir you can cure me instantly by giv-
ing me something to digest.”’

*
*® *

[

so soon

Philanthropist:” . Er—1I sent a poor starving
devil down to you with a note this morning to
tell you to give him a meal. What's the bill?”’

Bung: “Twenty-five cents.” :

Philanthropist: ~What are the items?”

Bung: “Four beers and a cigar.”
