---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_130.jpg
---
=

[ LocAL hickurs ]

Big day in Harrisburg, to-day.

Gee, but Philly’s a good .old ball town.
Who's a

Even a worm will turn.
worm ?

The high cost of living has struck
Mackentieville in a sore spot. Sauer
Kraut is $17 a ton and the market go-

ing stronger.

There will be a “Concert Recital’” on
the Center by the Temple Girl’s Octette
of Philadelphia, next Monday evening
Aty P

Timmie is some hustler. He left here;
took a two-day holiday; started to work
was taken sick; underwent two painful
operations in the hospital, and back,
again on the job, all within four weeks.

The expected exodus appears to
have been delayed, and there are quite
a few sore hearts in this place in conse-
quence.

There are certainly some game sports
here. Quite a number of them were in!
cvidence last week, and had the nerve!
to back the Giants to win. Such cour-
age 1s worthy of a better cause.

Ty Cobb is not in it with our own Cap/|
John, who batted .481, without winking
a la%h Even Rube touched the ball

!—-r)

for .373.

Walter Johnson was given an auto-
mobile for being the most valuable man
to his team in the American League.
By the way, the Senators were all root-|
ing for the Athletics to win.

The Hebrew Day of Atonement, (Yom
Kippur) was observed by the Jewish in-
mates last Saturday, by prayer and fast-|
ing, from 6 a. m. until 6 p. m. The
Warden was good enough to permit the
use of the Emergency Hospital bmldmg
for the occasion, and the men are very!
grateful to him for this disringuishing
mark of his favor.

An important dispatch from Washing- |
ton states that President Wilson is be-
coming worried about his continued loss
of hair, and has decided to call in a spec-
ialist in hopes of saving the remainder
of the crop. That Turkish method
sounds good to me, especially the butter|
part of the treatment, if it could be tak-
en inwardly.

t All of them were foreign born, and most-

' to the Athletic’s

'even with every member of the team, re-

' This

The boys in the Printing office took
off their coats and did some good work
last Wednesday, so that the readers of
the UMPIRE could have the very earliest
news of the Big Game. Thirty-five min-
utes after the last piece of ‘“‘copy’’ had
been turned in, the form was on the
press, and Mackenteville Weeklies turn-
ing out as fast as the power would per-
mit. At the last moment however, the
carrier-boys struck, which was the only
reason the papers were not served with
your dinner.

While 11 rescue vessels summoned by
wireless stood helplessly by in a raging
gale, the ocean liner Volturno, of the
Uranium fleet, from Rotterdam to Hali-
fax and New York, burned in mid-Atlan-
tic from Thursday morning to Friday
morning last. About 136 of her passen-
gers and crew were lost, and about 521
persons saved, after the gale went down.

ly Russians,
Germans.

It is estimated that up to the present
time fully 5000 persons have been saved
by wireles telegraph.

Dalmatians, Poles, and

AFTERMATH

The Giants used 20 men in the series,
152

Eddie Plank, who has announced his
intentions of retiring from baseball, cer-
tainly went out in a blaze of glory such|
as never attended the exit of any other|
player. .

The Athletics were mobbed by a crowd |
of about 4000 enthusiastic ‘‘fans’”’ upon
their arrival in this city from New York,
last Saturday night. They were hugged
and kissed and carried upon stalwart!

ous exhibition of fire works accompani-
ed by several bands of music was in pro-
gress, and the crowd being thus diverted,
the White Elephants beat it for their
own domiciles and domesticity.

Wally Schang and Joe Leslie Bush,
have each bought a buzz wagon, and are
busy learning all about ignitions, carbur-
ettors, and speed limit laws.

The Mackmen have decided to split

gardless of the length of time in service. |

is in marked contrast with the!
Giants, who will only allow men in the
game for one year a half share.

| bases.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 15, 1913

Athletics own the Earth.

(continued from page one.)

ers, carried off the honors, though\ every

man on the team played like a perfect
part of a wonderful machine, and are en-
titled to an equal share of the glory.

It was evident to unbiased critics,
that as a team, the Giants did not com-
pare with the Athletics. At the bat, in

' the field, and on the bases, the latter -

clearly outclassed their rivals. In the
five games, the Mackmen scored 23 runs
against 15 for New York. Oldring and
Collins leading in the scoring with five
runs each, while Merkle was the only

' member of the New York team’/to score

as many as three.. The Athletics secur-
ed 46 hits for a total of 63 bases, these
including four doubles, four triples and
two home runs. The Giants hits total-
led 33, including one triple and one
home run, being good for a total of 41
In the five games, the Athletics
batted for a team average of .271, while
the Giants’ average was .202.

While supporters of New York may
be presenting all sorts of excuses for los-
ing the series, the fact remains that the
work of the Athletics was far superior in
everyway, and the world’s championship

| was won strictly on its merits by the

best team.

It is worth mentioning, that while
McGraw used from 13 to 15 men in
each of these struggles, Mack always
finished the game with the same men with
'whom he started. Another record for a
World’s series lies in the fact, that he us-
ed only three pitchers in the five games.

From a financial point of view, the se-
ries was not so successful asin 1911, due
to the rule forbidding spectators on the

shoulders to Shibe Park, where a gorge-iﬁeld’ which reduced the number offiads

| missions by about 8000 in this city.

The players were only financially in-
terested in the first four games, and the
owners and Commissions failed to cut a
very large melon for themselves.

Following is a statement of the play-
ers shares of the first four games :

Total admissions 114, 3E6
‘" Receipts $250,303,50
1§ “ for players 135,163,89
Winuners share (each man) 3,244,00
i Losers “ il & 2,162,00

While the Athletics were batting out
the final victory, last Saturday, Big Chief
Bender was playing golf.

