---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_131.jpg
---
DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS AND ENTERTAINMENT OF ITS READERS

VOL. 2

WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 22, 1913

NO., 32

THE CHRISTMAS TRADE

Prison Manufacturers

Busy
Preparing For the Annual

Boom in Novelties

' HE merchants and manufactures
of this thriving town of Macken-
tieville, are not one whit behind

others of their class, and are showing
commendable activity in preparing for
the annual holiday trade. Many really
very handsome articles are being turn-
ed out by the workers in wood, bone,
hair, worsteds, silks, metals etc., which
ought to find quick sale at a fair profit.

“Slim,”” a colored man on the Seventh
gallery has just completed a small power
boat, which is equipped with a motor
and batteries, cleverly concealed in the
cabin. It is a particularly nice piece of
work, when it is considered that his only
knowledge of water craft was gleaned
along the raging canal and creeks of Ber-
lin Md. A man on the Sixth block, has
over one hundred pieces of beautiful
inlaid work, valued at $1,200, while a
tailor on the Seventh, has finished and
under way a large number of boxes
adapted to a variety of uses, and all
splendid specimens of inlaid work. There
are any number of men so employed,

" and all working up to a high standard.

Yeap, who has the reputation of turn-
ing out some of the best tidies and shawls
in the institution is also receiving orders
while Jake, who built and installed the
tower clock, is hard at work on a num-
ber of ‘‘chime’’ clocks, which should find
a ready sale.

A man on the Seventh gallery is turn-
ing out some snakes, guaranteed to work
the reformation of the worst inebriate,

and he also has some wooden frogs, ab-
solutely true to life, even to the ‘“‘croak.”
A few doors away from him, another in-
dustrous fellow is busy on miniature
dressing cases and chiffoniers sure to de-
light the hearts of some little mothers.

One of the life-time men has complet-
ed a compilation of difficult arithmetic-
al problems, with the answers fully
worked out, which has been printed and
bound in the prison printery, and now
on sale by him. Many beautiful speci-
mens of needlework are turned out in
the Women's department, and there is
no doubt, a plentiful supply of men’s
knitted scarfs, as well as sofa pillows,
embroidered lingerie etc. Quite a few
of the men are also adept in needle
and bead work, and their product

‘meets with ready sale.

Breeders of canary birds also expect to
do a prosperous business this year, for a
good singer is an ideal Christmas pres-
ent. The artists, and there are many,
are working over time on paintings
and post-cards, done in both oil and
water colors. Expert penmen are order-
ing a fresh supply of implements of
their craff, in expectation of doing a
thriving business in their own special
line. The poets, headed by Spider and
Jingles undertake to turn out bits of
sentimental or any other kind of verse,
adaptable te all occasions, guaranteed
to give satisfaction, and finished, ‘‘while
you wait.”

Makers of all sorts of novelties, in-
cluding shoe and glove buttoners; boats
and figures in bottles; hair chains, pin-
cushions, miniature boots and shoes;
paper knives, jewellery etc., are all keep-
ing busy along their respective lines,
and all hoping to earn some real money

by their ingenuity and industry. The

UMPIRE will be glad to facilitate the
sale of this product, in any way permiss-
able under the rules.

For those who are not adapted to any
of this sort of work, and wish to earn a
a few dollars for the Christmas season,
it is understood that there are a few va-
cancies in the Stocking Department,
where capable men can earn from $4.
per month upwards.

With this immense country fairly roll-
ing in wealth and opportunities, it will
be strange indeed, if some of this money
does not percolate through the walls of
Mackentieville.

OPPORTUNITY

If a negro illiterate could accumulate
a fortune by frugality and careful invest-
ment, what might a man of brains get
together? For fifty years James Ham-
mond, a negro of Oyster Bay N. Y., had
been employed on the Weeks estate, and
in a will, signed with his mark, disposed
of an estate valued at $30,000. Yet peo-
ple are saying that a small man no long-
er has any opportunity in this country.
The right sort of man makes his oppor-
tunity. If a man of intelligence and in-
dustry can’t make an opportunity and
success in this country, where, upon the
face of the earth, can he do so?

EPIGRAMS

The men who are lifting the world upward
and onward, are those who encourage more than
CrikiciZe:

The blessed work of helping the world for-
ward, happily does not wait to be done by
perfect men.

The secret of success is constancy of purpose.

Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but
in rising every time we fail.

e e e T R A RS T em s
