---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_132.jpg
---
2' THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
its readers.

Printed at the Fastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, éciaptable to these
columns, is desired, and will be published as
space becomesavailable Rejected articles will

not be returned.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor
Wednesday, October 22, 1913

DRr. NEFF sAvs now is the time to
“swat’’ the flies. Incidentally it is al-
ways the time to ‘“‘swat’’ that other little
pestiferous insect, who does much to in-
terfere with our rest and comfort.

THE joy of householders upon learning
that heavy shipments of beef from Ar-
gentina were on their way to the coast
cities was short lived. With a far-sight-
edness, and business acumen which ac-
counts for their great wealth, the big
western packers, it has been learned,
have been quietly acquiring large tracts
of grazing land in South America, and
the beef now on its way here, is the
property of these same gentlemen.
That it will not be sold at a price to af-
fect the American product, is the one best
bet. The admission of beef into this
country, duty free, becomes a joke, un-
der these circumstances.

Julian Hawthorne, the Poet-novelist,
and until recently, the editor of Good
Words, the Atlanta prison publication,
was released last week, after serving a
term of one year in that institution. The
papers state that he is in robust health,
and gained 30 pounds in weight while
in prison. From this we gather another
instance of the immutability of the law
of averages—for that is just about what

the editor of this paper has lost in the
same time.

PRESIDENT HUERTA’S arbitrary pro-
rogation of the Mexican National Con-
gress, his arrest of 110 Deputies, and
assumption of dictatorship has engen-
dered widespread fear in Mexico. Wash-
ington officials also fear another Diaz
rule, and are convinced that Huerta is

not competent to cope with the situa-
tion.

RUSSIAN EXPLORERS engaged in inves-
tigating the territory north of Siberia re-
ported the discovery of a body of land as
large as Greenland, which they have tak-
en possession of in the name of the Czar,
and named Nicholas IT Land. It extends
beyond latitude 81 north and longitude
102 east. This carries out the the-
ory of an American scientist, who
through a close study of the ocean cur-
rents, gave it as his belief some years
ago that such a body of land existed in
that vicinity.

A NEW AFTER-TREATMENT of vaccina-
tion has been recently tried on about

1500 Swarthmore College students. It

is claimed that it reduces liability of in-
fection, lessens inflammation. and has-
EEIISHECCONVECLY

CONTRACTS are about to be made for
the first permanent building of the new
State Penitentiary, near Bellefonte. It
is for the structure to house the electric
chair, and men condemned to death,
and will be rushed to completion, as the
law requiring electrocutions instead of
death by hanging, is now in force, and
victims waiting.

It is said the new building will be of
reinforced concrete in the Rennaissance
style of architecture, while the ‘“Throne
of Death” will be of masssive oak, and
the finest of any now in use.

This will certainly be appreciated by
the condemned men, for it is not to
everyone that the distinction is accord-
ed, of going to their death by way of a
“throne.”” History tells us, that for cen-
turies, this was a prerogative exclusive
to Kings, who did not always have ac-
cess to a ‘“‘Rennaissance’’ building at
that. ~—~THE EDITOR.

WHO’S WHO

In Mackentieville

Who jingles his words in a jingling
rhyme, and jingles his jingles to a jang-
ling time? Who jingles his work, and jin-
gles his play, and does nothing but jin-
gle the whole of the day? Who jingled
the Library, from third place to near last,
and then jingled excuses, when assailed
with a blast? Who jingles his way with-
out favor, without dread, and is now jin-
gling back, the hair on his head? Whose
jingles are but bingles, to give the ears
tingles? Why, that Schenectady gent,
that near Poet Jingles.

22, 1913

| WITH THE POETS ||

DUCKEY’S LAMENT

Iwish I wuz a baseball star

Insted of just a printer,

En that I wuz a slugger

En an awful speedy sprinter

En men wud come from far away,

En put up a whole dollar

To see the wap that I cud play

En wen the crowd wud holler

“Oh! You, Duck” I'd——Gee, there’s Mac
A tellin’ me to hustle back.

En wen three men wuz on the bags,
En I wuz at the bat

I'd take it eazy just to show

I nu wat I wuz at.

Tesrau cudn’t rattle me

With a spit ball or a drop,

For wen I landed on the ball

The crowd wud yell, “Oh! Duck”

En I'd run all—Gee, there’s the phone,
Why can’t Blink leave a guy alone.

En wen I pitched the other side
They wud be pail and glum,
Becaus they nu the gaim wus lost—
I'd put them on the bum.

I'd strike them all out every time—
They wud not get a hit,

En Mister Bob wud shake my hand
En Rube say, “Duck you're it.”
En then I'd bow, and gee—My,

I wonder if Dad saw that pi.

En wen the season it wuz dun

EnI had wun the flag

I'd get a lot of big bokays

En I wud chew the rag

With all the big gazabos

Wat wud cum 2 shak my hand;

The UmpPIRE wud print me pictur

En send a grate big band

To cum, and tell me how I orter—

Gee, they're yelling “Duck go get the water.”

T R Adap ted.
MERIKANLANGWIDJ

Buttoffissa—"’

“Nottuwoid outya—nottawoid!”

“‘Butlemeexplane—"’

“Datsenuff, Splainitincourt.”

“Dississa noutraij!”

“Shettup! Ice enya breezuptaalady.”

“Izdatwotcha pinchinmefor?”’

“Yunozit. Ibinnalayntferya ferraweek.”

“Imaresponsibil situzzin, en Ikenproovit.”

‘““Yeeracheepmasher, ennacrook. Yunnevva
sawr dat dame befor inyalife.”

“Ile gitteaven ferdis.”

“Afteamunt onder ockpile youle singadiffer-
ent une.”

“Leggo a me, yurredneck.”

“Waytilla leen dishyerclub aginyernut.”

“Owitch! Hellup!”

“Gittindawaggin.” THUD!

If put to the pinch, an ounce of loyalty is
worth a pound of cleverness.

R

-

S Ll
