---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_133.jpg
---
MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

OUR CHARACTER

In common-sense opinion of mankind
every man’s character is in his own
hands. He constructs the edifice to suit
himself.

Nothing can work us damage except
ourselves: the harm that we sustain we
carry about with us, and never are real
sufferers but by our own fault. We al-
ways feel bad if we have a bad charac-
ter—self approbation if we have a good
one, and herein is conscious proof that
character is with ourselves.

The characters we make for ourselves
depend largely upon the examples we
follow. Man, is imitative, more so than
we are generally willing to admit :in
fashion, customs, laws, prejudices, opin-
jons, and belief, we follow precedent.
Man becomes like the characters he most
admires and studies. No matter what
the emotion we intently contemplate,
we sympathize withit; and no matter
what the action we regard, whether of
gratitude, courage, daring, cruelty, we
are prone to imitate it. Such is the
power of example, and a man may se-
lect whatever example he pleases The
field is before us; we may wander where
we will, and choose whatever object we
please.

The ancients had no perfect character
to set before them : we have the incar-
nate God. Let us set him before us
morning, noon and night; let us study
him in his life of love mercy and gr.uce
and matchless meekness; let us inquire
in every situation what he would do and
say in our circumstances

Bad character may be reformed is the
belief of every good Christian. While
foundation of good character is best laid
in youth, it is possible to clear away the
rubbish and raise a good superstructure
in after years. The reformation of So-
crates is an example of what a man who
opens his eyes upon his own ruin, and
resolves to change his course, can do.

Religion influences, enforce the thous-
and-and-one moralties of life which do
not come under the cognizance of civil
law; and the stoutest infidel who is mor-
al, obeys a code that has its source and
authority in religion.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 22, 1913

BASEBALL FOR CONVICTS

At the meeting of thé Warden’s Ass-
ociation held in Indianapolis, last week,
in connection with the annual meeting
of the American Prison Association, re-
creations for prisonerswas the main top-
ic, and baseball recommended as one of
the best forms of recreations for impris-
oned men.

0. S. Lewis, of the New York Prison
association, said: ' It brings convicts
into better relations with the offici-
ale, and improves the health and minds
of the prisoners. Not fifteen years ago,
it was regarded almost as a high crime
to smile in prison, but now, shouts and
cheers of the prisoners at a ball game
are cOMMON OCCUrences in many prisons,

Warden Johnston, of the California Re-
formatory, praised theintroduction of
baseball in the prisons, and said exhibit-
jons of moving pictures had also been
found helpful in his institution.

In this connection it is pleasant to
note that *Old Timers” of the baseball
diamond attending the annual meeting
of the National Association of Profess-
jonal Baseball League, in Columbus,
Ohio, on November 11, will play a game
with the convicts in the Ohio Penitenti-
ary on November 15, according to the
present program.

The Game will be played on the base-
ball diamond inside the prison walls,
and will be one of the first games on
record between penitentiary prisoners
and regular professional baseball play-
ers connected with the big Leagues.

Our character is our will, for what we will, we
are.

SANATORIUMS FOR CRIMINALS

Inebriates who neglect and mistreat
their families are treated as patients re-
quiring medical care, rather than as a
criminal, in Wayne county, Michigan.

Judge Lacy, of the new Court of do-
mestic relations, says: ‘‘There is only one
way to make the husband, who is able-
bodied and in full possession of his facul-
ties support his wife and family, and that
is to send him to jail. It is useless, how-
ever to send an inebriate to jail; what he
needs is the attention of a physician, not
a jailer. The jail system is inadequate;
the time is coming when even those who
commit crimes, will be treated in a more
enlightened manner. Many of them will
be sent to sanatoriums’’

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

OLp Lapv—*I don’t believe this sure-cure
tonic is a-goin’ to do me any good.”

Frienp—*‘‘It’s highly spoken of in the papers.”’

OLp Lapy—* Yes; but I've taken forty-seven
bottles, and I don't feel a bit better. I tell you
what it is, Sarah, I'm beginning to think these
editors don’t know everything.”

*
* &

“Dad’” was brought before a police judge
charged with stealing chickens. He pleaded
guilty and received sentence, when the judge
asked him how it was he managed to lift those
chickens right under the window of> the owners
house when there was a dog in the yard.

“Hit wouldn’t be no use, judge,” said ‘‘Dad,”
“‘to try to 'splane dis ting to you all. Ef you
was to try it you like as not would get yer hide
full o’ shot an’ get no chickens, nuther. Ef you
want to engage in any rascality, judge, yo' bet-
tah stick to de bench, where yo’ am familiar.”

&
* £

Blink says he spent the summer on the board-
walk. Yep, railroad ties.

*
* *

“Dead men tell no tales.” This may explain
why so many widows marry a second time.
ES % *
“I hear you married a woman with an inde-
pendent fortune.”
“No, I married a fortune with an independent
woman.”’

*
ES &

“J had a tough time delivering the mail yes-
terday,”” declared the parcel postman.

“How was that?”’

“Had a bulldog and a chunk of liver in the
same delivery.”

&
£ *

“What became of that Russian count who in-
sulted you ?”’

“He choked to death.”

“How did that happen 2"

“1 made him swallow his words 2"’

*
£ *

“Why did you break into the house in the
middle of the day ?”’ asked the magistrate.

“Well,” said the accused, ‘I had several other
similar calls to make that evening.”

®
E3 *

“Do animals possess the sentiment of affect-
ion ?” asked the school-teacher of the little girl.

‘“Veth, ma’am; almost always.”

“Good,” said the teacher; “and now,” turn-
ing to a little boy, “‘tell me what animal has the
greatest natural fondness for man.”’

“Woman,” yelled the boy very promptly.

1

Shun idleness, itis the rust which attaches
itself to the most brilliant metals.
