---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_134.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 22, 1913 4

TALKED ABOUT

110 men granted parole.

Certain newspapers are criticising the
law which permits the discharge of so
many men at the same time, but there
1s no criticism of the law which permits
a judge to send a man to prison for 30
years for the theft of a few chickens.
Nor of a term of 20 years for the larceny
of a tub of lard.

Coincident with the discharge of such
a large number of men, is the announce-
ment that the proprietor of a chain of
lunch rooms in this city has advanced
the charges on all orders of meats. This
is rough on the boys going out.

Another coincidence in this connect-
ion is the arrest of just 110 members of
the Mexican congress.

The Orchestra was fully alive to the
interest of the men, when during the con-
cert last Saturday evening, the Poet
sang:

Good-bye boys, your last pot-pie will come

to-morrow.

Good-bye boys, vou are going to sunshine
from sorrow.

No more wishing for the time to come,

When you can see the folks at home—

You have our wishes best,

It's up to you to do the rest,

So good-bye boys.

A tragedy of our American life was
disclosed the other day, when ten little
girls ranging from nine to twelve years
of age took the pledge to abstain from
the use of strong drink. If there is one
social condition requiring instant and
cffective attention, it is this one of par-
ents encouraging little children in the
use of liquors under the ignorant suppo-
sition that it will “make them strong.”’

The Word Contest closes
to-day, and -the successful con-
testant, with list of words, will be an-
nounced in the issue of November 5.

UmpPIrRE

San Quentin (California) prison has in-
augurated weekly entertainments of mov-
ing pictures for the better behaved in-
mates. The pictures will be of educaiion-
alinterest, and subjects relating to crime
be excluded. Most of us are sick of
crime, and it i . certainly one of the mys-
teries of human nature, that crime has
such a strong fascination for people of
known high morality.

Count Zeppelin lost his seventh huge
dirigible airship, when the “‘Zeppelin L2”’
was wrecked in the clouds by an explo-
sion, and 28 men lost their lives out of a
crew of 29. It is said the German Em-
peror wept, when apprised of the catas-
trophe. :

After twenty-seven years in Public
life, William Sulzer, late Governor of
New York has been removed from his
high office by a special Court of Impeach-
ment, organized to hear the charges
and decide proper action, The Court
voted to remove him-from his position,
but mercifully refrained from disqualify-
ing him from holding office in the future.

He was pronounced not guilty of the
charges of larceny; one of the members
stating, that the Governor’s action was
nothing more serious than that which is
vulgarly termed, ‘‘pan-handling.”

Some of Mr. Sulzer’s warmest friends
were constrained to vote against him,
in view of his evident crude ideas of
morality, as adduced from the evidence.

Rev. T. William Davidson, and Rev.
Thomas J. Taylor of the Episcopal City
Misssion, conducted services here last
Thursday in memory of the late Richard
Vaux, at one time a member of the Board
of Inspectors. The services were largely
attended, and 62 of the men received
Holy Communion.

At the earnest request of an esteemed
correspondent on the Eighth block, we
print the following query: “How can a
man, who is accustomed to washing his
own socks, afford to bet on a ball game?”
The answer, to be sent to B6389.

The panacea for crime is work, and
plenty of it. When people work, they
have little time, or inclination for Wrong
doing.

“People are rarely more innocently em-
ployed,” said Dr. Johnson, ‘“than when
they are earning money.”’ If one-half the
money spent in paying the results of

|crime of any sort, were used in a cam-

paign to entice all idlers to go to work,
a whole lot of jail space would be perma-
nently vacant.

“If dis yer Oct-ets is gwine ter give
concerts right erlong, I don’ want no
parole,” remarked old Nelse upon the

conclusion of the concert Monday

levening,

SPLENDID CONCERT RECITAL

It would be rather singular, if the
eight young ladies comprising the Tem-
ple Girls Octette, who gave us such a
delightful entertainment on Monday
evening, were not just a wee bit nervous

|when they were confronted with such

boisterous applause. These signs of
approbation seemed to roll in waves,
from block to block, as each succeeding
one took up the key, and then augment-
ed the sounds with the familiar and
peremptory cry of ‘‘singatover,” ‘‘sing-
atovergain;’’ cries pecularly characteris-
tic of the place, and the men. It must
have been a new experience for the ladies
to sing for an audience which could
not be seen, and which gave expression
to 1ts highest approval with such frantic
cries. Doubtless they were also greatly
pleased to be assured that so much
enthusiasm was safely housed. How-
ever, the applause was properly inspired
by the beauty of the singing, and con-
veyed the hearty appreciation of the
men, for we are rare critics, and keenly
alive to the delights of music, faultlessly
rendered. .

The Concert was a royal treat, such
as we have not enjoyed in many days,
and doubly appreciated by the know-
ledge of the generous impulses which
prompted these charming young ladies
to give the inmates of the institution
an hour of the rarest pleasure. The
beauty of their hearts and faces must
certainly be in keeping with the
beauty of their voices, for such exqui-
site melody could only emanate from a
source entirely in harmony.

The numbers selected for the program
indicated an acquaintance with the tast-
es of the men, and were rendered with
beautiful effect, rather emphasizing the
intent of the composer. Nonc¢ of the
voices was strong, but all had the pecul-
iar bird-like sweetness eminently femi-
nine, and associated with youth, and
therefore greatly satisfying.

The men wish to extend their warmest
thanks to Mr. William Powell Twaddell,
the Musical Director and Organist of the
Baptist Temple, and the young ladies,
for the great pleasure the Concert gave
them. Being only human, they, of

course, also beg for a repetition of the

entertainment.

The ladies taking part were, Miss Ida
Wiggins, Miss May Clayton, Miss La-
Rue Kellar, Miss Irene Forbes, Miss
Evelyn Steinman, Miss Gwendolyn

Vance and Miss Elizabeth Vance.
\

s Aol ok b R aletin.
