---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_135.jpg
---
DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS AND ENTERTAINMENT OF ITS READERS

VOL. 2.

WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 29, 1913

NO. 33

THE COLOSSAL CITY

By B5847.

I ONDON does not rest, never sleeps,

grows always, and very few, that

were born and have spent their

lives there, know it thoroughly well.
Mostly all are foreigners, who climb in-
to  the cupalo of Saint-Paul’s, from
whence an admirable conjunctive picture
of the great city can be obtainedon
clear days. Seen in such a way London
offers a picture that is unique, that cap-

tivates and makes the beholder feel sad
at the same time. Buildings, always
buildings, some of them over a thousand
years old, while at the same time others
are constantly being constructed.

There are in the colossal European
Metropolis 657 miles of railway-tracks;
84 miles of underground tracks, with 161
miles now building.

There are 750 railway stations. Be-
fore ten o'clock in the morning, 2,400

trains have entered the stations of the :

different companies.

The City proper, or center of busi-
ness, occupies no more than about one
square mile, yet, in spite of this restrict-
ed area, there enter daily, an average of
1,200,000 persons, about half of them
come by the Metropolitan Railway.

Added to this enormous monument of '

trains, must be about 400 miles of tram-
way, or street-car tracks; besides the
omnibuses, both horse and motor-power
cabs, hansoms, etc., which cover about
235 miles of streets.

The port of London has wharves with
a total length of 37 miles. According to
statistics, for the year 1910—merchan-
dise worth 228 000,000 pounds sterling
entered, and worth 132,000,000 pound

sterling, left the port of London.

‘these 6,397 are autos.

London is lighted by 88,836 gas lamps,
and 12,394 electric arc-lights; for this
alone London has to pay daily 15,000
pounds sterling.

One hears and speaks of the parks in
Paris, the gardens in Berlin and Vienna.
In Paris, the parks and gardens occupy
an area of 4,992 hectares; including the
woods of Vincennes and Bolougne.

The garden area of Berlin proper, is
only 1,740 hectares. The garden area of
Vienna even a great deal less.

In London’s administrative radius are
327 parks and gardens, with a superfic-
ial area of 15,894 hectares.

London’s police force counts 19,221
men, with 248 Inspectors. There are

55 Courts, not including the High-Courts

of Justice and Children Courts.

London counts 885 elemental schools,
with 17,000 teachers of various grades,
and with about 850,000 pupils, plus 117

isecondary schools, 71 technical schools,

31 colleges, incorporated with Universi-
ties and 299 night schools.

There are about 57 theatres, 52 music
halls, 266 dance halls, and innumerable
moving-picture shows, circuses etc.

Through the streets circulate daily
15,955 public carriages of all sorts. Of
Motive-power
vehicles are constantly replacing those
propelled by animal power.

The municipal authorities have taken
away annually 1,000,000 tons of gar-
bage and waste. The drainage-pipes
have a total length of 557 miles.

For telephone service the enormous
population is connected with 776 exchan-
ges, with an annual connection of
over 850,000,000 calls, besides, in Lon-
don proper, there are sent annually

about 31,000,000 telegrams.
The Bank of England has a circulation

in Bank of England, notes of over 28§,-

000,000 pounds sterling, and has a re-
serve of 39,000,000 in her vaults.

London more than any other city, 1is
a conformation of smaller cities.

By the side of palaces are found in-
fested and miserable hovels, narrow and
dirty streets open into some of the most
wide and elegant avenues, where imper-
ial luxury, hygiene and opulence holds
superior sway.

Such is London, the colossal, with a

a population of about seven and a half
millions of people.

MODEL PRISON STRUCTURES

The federal prison at Leavenworth,
Kansas, in which are housed prisoners
of the United States, is a massive struct-
ure of steel and masonry containing 1,-
200 cells, each of which will hold two
prisoners. The building of this great
prison was begun fifteen years ago, and
cost the government $4,000,000. More

\than 6,000,000 brick and several hun-

dred tons of steel were used, and the
masonry for the entire structure was
made within the walls by the prisoners.

The proposed new penitentiary at
Joliet, Ill., will contain eight circular
cell houses with glass roofs, instead of
the regular ‘‘inside cell”’ type, are tobe
constructed in addition to the other nec-
essary buildings. These houses will be
120 feet in diameter with four tiers of
sixty cells, thus providing room for 240
prisoners in each house, or a total capac-
ity for about 2,000 inmates.

T;)-morrow will be Hallowee'n. The
boogy man will get chee ef yer don’t
watch eut. '

A fool is one who takes the bait every
time it is offered. A wise man is one who
bites but once.
