---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_136.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
its readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary
Philadelphia, every Wednesday.

M S 5.—Original matter, adaptable to these
columus, is desired, and will be published as
space becomes available. Rejected articles will

not be returned.

All communications should be addressed THE
UMPIRE, Printing Office, and handed to Over-
seer, who will see to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be sign-
ed with the writer’s registered number,

B 6591 : Editor

Wednesday, October 29, 1913

A Goop ONE from a local paper:
“A woman makes the trip alone, but
when a man goes to the devil, he nearly
always takes his wife and children with
him.”

Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to
their tremendous difficulties.

TuE BriTIsH GOVERNMENT has a com-
mission at work looking into its entire
jury system with a view of remedying its
defects, or abolishing it all together. In
this connection Mr. George S. Graham,
former District attorney of this county,
recently made a savage attack upon our
own jury system, in the course of his ar-
gument in the case of former Director
Henry Clay, appealing from the lower
courts from his conviction of conspiracy,
about a year ago.

To speak wisely may not always be easy, but
not to speak ill requires only silence.

THE WARDEN’S TALK on “The Man
Behind the Bars,” judging from the
little bits we have gathered, is rather
along the line of educating the public to
a better understanding of the convict,
and as such , should have a wide distri-
bution. As he plainly can reach buta
small fraction of the people in person, it
is believed his “‘talk’’ might be printed
and given a wide circulation, with good
results.

Fame is a bubble, but mighty few of us get
hold of the right kind of soap.

JULIAN HAWTHORNE, the novelist, re-
cently released from the Atlanta prison,
is adding to his laurels as a writer of fic-
tion, by printing some of the most dream-
like bits of prose ever written in connec-
ion with prison conditions. It is suspect-

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 29, 1913 : :
—
—_—_——m

ed that Julian has been the victim of
some prison practical-jokery who filled
him with “hot-air.”” Thisis what he claim-
ed, when his vivid stories of wealth bu-
ried in the Canadian mines, successfuly
lured the dollars from the pockets of cre-
dulous victims, and paved the way to the
penitentiary for himself.

The son of his father has been very
persistent in demanding large chunks of
sympathy for himself, but, he has never
been heard to express a single regret for
the people who were fleeced. It's a sel-
fish old world, after all.

A poor barber and a dull razor, generally pull
together.

THAT THE EDITOR of a local paper
which has the habit of roasting us every
few days, must be ill, and a substitute
writing his editorials, is the only expla-
nation we can give for the following,
taken from a recent issue:

“Most men who go to jails, are not to
spend their lives there. They are to come
forth some day into the sunlight again to
look for occupation, and the influences
that surround them in their captivity,
should be those which will reclaim them
to moral health, and not drag them to
a lower spiritual level.”

“Prison is the last place for petty ty-
ranny and official exaction. It is not—ne-
ver can be—a clubhouse where amenities
and comforts make existence within the
walls preferable to life without, for a
human derelict and Ishmaelite, But a
man’s a man. and the judge’s sentence
does not rob him of his right to his own
sidentity and retrieval.”

Hike for respectability and cuddle safely un-
der her paisley, and it is you for a Mollycoddle
Get weaned. For goodness sake, get weaned.

WHO’S WHO

In Mackentieville

Who has old Edison by the nose,
when it comes to talk about dynamos?
Who likewise has him tied in knots,
when the subject’s one of kilowatts?
Who knows the armature’s business
end, and just what’s the smatter, when
the juice won’t send? Who turned
the current into our baseball games, and
then kept tab on the Poet’s “frames?”’
Who loves a boost, but dreads a knock?

Why, that baseball gent, that electrical
Doc.

” WITH THE POETS ”

HEADS UP

Don’t kick and whine,
Just get in line

With the fellows who've got grit and pluck,
Don’t frown and scowl,

Look glum and growl;
Stop prating about ill luck.

Lift up your head,

Don’t seem half dead,
Stop wearing a wrinkled face;

Give smiling hope,
Sufficient scope

And joys will come apace.

Give me the chap.
Who, whate’er may hap,
Looks up and is cheerful still;
Who meets a bunt
With a smiling front,
And nerve and whim and will. ;"
— B 6540, |

THE STOCKING MAKERS

Just think of all the work that’s'done,
On Blocks numbets eight and nine,
The eleventh too is going some,

And the fourth comes next in line. 4
The socks are coming thick and fast, 1
There’s never a minute lost,

And when the month has quickly past,

Your accounts are upward tossed. |

There are knitters and loopers upon the eighth, i
Who would’'nt move for aught. |
And in their Guards, have greatest faith, !
Their good-will can’t be bought.

But if you do your work 0. K.

Your needs are well supplied,

And there is time for you to play,

No matter on which side.

The same applies to other blocks,
Where socks are daily made,

[t’s better boys than breaking rocks,
Where no-bod-ee gets paid,

You find the time goes quickly by,
The exercise is great,

You need never te, a dollar shy,—
You're always up-to-date.

—Jingles
Keep your face with sunshine lit,
Laugh a little bit.
Gloomy shadows oft will flit
If you have the wit and grit
Just tolaugh a little bit.
—B611,

EPIGRAMS

One of the drawbacks of success is
that it often has a string to it.

Time works wonders, but it wont al-
ways mend the ragged edge of despair.

Our castles in the air generally include
an heiress.

