---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_137.jpg
---
>

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 29, 1913 | o

MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

THE VIRTUOUS MIND

LY

A virtuous mind in a fair body is in-
deed a fair picture in a good light, and
therefore it is no wonder that it makes
the beautiful sex all over charms.

Asvirtue in general is of an amiable and
lovely nature, there are some particular
kinds of it which are more so than
others, and these are such as dispose us
to do good to mankind. Temperance
and abstinence, faith and devotion, are
in themselves, perhaps, as laudable as
any other virtues; but those which make
a man popular and beloved, are justice,
charity, munificence, and, in short, all
the good qualities which render us bene-
ficial to each other. For this reason
even an extravagant man, who has noth-
ing else to recommend him but a false,
generosity, is often more beloved and
esteemed than a person of a much more
finished character, who is defective in
this particular.

The two great armaments of virtue,
which show her in the most advantage-
ous views, and make her altogether lov-
ely, are cheerfulness and good nature.
These generally go together, as a man
can not be agreeable to others who is
not easy within himself. They are both
very requisite in a virtuous mind, to
keep out melancholy from the many
serious thoughts it is engaged in, and 10
hinder its natural hatred of vice from
soaring into severity and censoriousness

A man must be excessively stupid, as
well as uncharitables who believes there
is no virtue but on his own side, and
that there are not men as honest as him-
self who may differ from him in some
principles. Men may oppose one anot h-
er in some particulars, but ought not to
carry their hatred to those qualities which

_are of so amiable a nature in themselves,

and have nothing to do with the pointsin
dispute. Men of virtue, though of dif-
ferent interests, ought to consider them-
selves as more nearly united with one
another, than with the vicious part of
mankind who embark with them in the
same civil concerns. Esteem virtue
though in a foe, and abhor vice though

in a friend.

WARDEN DEFENDS HIS MEN

About ten days ago the Warden puton
his Sunday clothes, and broadest smile,
and the evening being pleasant, he strol-
led over to the Unitarian church, on Gi-
rard avenue to give one of hisinteresting
little talks to the congregation which was
awaiting him.

They had come prepared to be interest-
ed, and indeed to be entertained, but,
they were hardly prepared for the shock
they experienced, when the Warden told
them, that he had less trouble with the
fifteen hundred men, and women he has
in charge,than many ministers have with
their congregations of 500, or less. There
was a stiffening of necks, and some smiles
of incredulity, which wore away as the
Warden proceeded to place ‘““The Man
Behind the Bars’’ before them, in his
true light.

He declared that many of his men
ought not to be in prison at all, for it
was entirely due to the cupidity of some
magistrates and other minor officials of
up-state towns, that many men were ser-
ving time in Cherry Hill. Men convicted
of petty crimes and misdemeanors, he
said, are sent to the prison by officials,
who are anxious to earn a fee.

Answering criticism levelled at him
following the parole of over 100 prisoners
he said since 1910, seven hundred pri-
soners had been paroled. Of this number
only 13 have been returned for crimes
committed ; 55 returned for breaking pa-
role: 3 for leaving the jurisdiction of the
State without permission, and 4 who
voluntarily returned because they could
not find employment.

He claimed Pennsylvania had been the
most successful in educating prisoners,
many of them becoming efficient engi-
neers, and mechanics.

He spoke earnestly of the frugal ha-
bits many of the men have acquired
while here, and the number of them who
have substantial balances 1o their cred.t
in the institution, or in savings banks.

He pointed out to his attentive audience |

that of the menrecently discharged, over
$2,000 had been handed to them, repre-
senting in most cases, the balances due
from the savings of their earnings while
in prisoin.

The truth is as clear as a bell, but it

is not always tolled.

SAID TO BE FUNNY

et us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Mr. Bonsall—‘“What is a vacuum ?”’
Yiddisha Sam—*“I knows, teechur, I got him
in mine head, aber I can’t dink by him.”

%
* *

Yes sir, a dentist is one who pulls the teeth
of others to obtain employment for his own.
And a doctor is one who pulls the leg of some-
body else to buy an automible for a trained
nurse.

£
* *

“So you claim to be a literary man, eh ?”’

“Ves, sir, I wrote the book : 'A dozen Ways
to Make a Living.”

“And yet you are begging.”

“Ves, sir, that's one of the ways.”

53
* *

Man wants but little here below,
But when it comes to dress,

A walk abroad will quickly show,
That a woman wants still less.

b3
£ ES

Yeap—"‘I see where a fellow gota quarter of
a million insurance on $200 worth of furniture.”
Blink—*Dat’s nuthin’, Ducky’s got $25,000

)

insurance on a thirty cent life.’

=
* *

Mabel having finally completed her toilet to
her own satisfaction, sailed into the parlor, and
was horrified to see her younger sister, snugly
seated on the lap of the young man, with her
head comfortably resting upon his shoulder.

“Why Ethel, I am shocked; get: down from
there instantly.”

“TI won'’t,” said the young
here first.”

lady, I got up

*
=3 £

She was a lady visitor to the prison, kindly
and well meaning, and as she chatted with a
burglar she thought she detected signs of reform
inhim. ‘“And now,” she said, “have you any
plans for the future at the expiration of your
sentence 2"’

“Oh, yes, ma’am,” he said hopefully. “I've
got the plans of two banks and a postoffice.”

*

“I can't live without you, Sadie,” fervently
declared Blink.

“Don’'t you mean, Blink,

that you cannot live as you'd like without me?”’

' replied Sadie,

e
—_——————

LLOST—Two keys; finder will be rewarded with
one haf pound Sensation upon return to
B 4230 (Otto) Ninth Block.

FOR SALE—Farm in fine state of cultivation;
complete with all necessary implements.

Advertiser moving to the city. No re-
asonable offer refused. Apply Henry, Ninth
JBloce s
FOR SALE—Highly polished hat-rack; finest

in the city. Apply Tailoring Department

Seventh Block.
