---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_138.jpg
---
=

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 29, 1913

[ _TALKeD ABOUT ]

They are not all gone yet.

Just as we thought, the boot blacks
are on a strike in New York. Ten cents,
or nothing doing.

Mrs. Pankhurst, London’s leading
militant suffragette, has been admitted
into this country ‘“‘duty free.” She im-
mediately got next to the American dol-
lars through lectures, sales of question-
able papers, in which she was largely as-
sisted by our Anthony Comstock, and
through posturing for the “‘movies.”
We are giving her a great deal more
consideration, than that accorded by the
British government to our own shining
example of ‘“moral turpitude,” Mr.
Harry Thaw.

President Wilson issued his Thanks-
giving Day proclamation last Thursday.
It names Thursday November 27, as
the day on which the people of the coun-
try shall offer thanks to God, for the
blessings of the year.

Reports from the farming centers an-
nounce a plentiful supply of turkeys run-
ning around loose, but it is one safe bet,
there will be at least a dozen good rea-
sons for boosting the price of this tooth-
some bird, around Thanksgiving Day.
That’s one'less worry for us, anyway.

A Newark detective says he judges the
character of a woman by the amount of
powder on her face. Too much powder
on a woman's face indicates lack of mor-
als, he says.

That is nothing. When Captain Sou-
ders was head of the detective force in
this city, he formulated the opinion,
that a man who wore rubber heels on

his shoes was a burglar! Shades of
O’Sullivan!

In about three years, when sugar is
to be added to the ¢ free list,” statisti-
cians say, the cost of living for every
man, woman and child in the United
States, will be cut down exactly, 66
cents per year.

For these small blessings let us be
thankful. '

The strike of the Garment workers of
this city, is now in its fourth month, and
the situation is deplorable. Last week
a picket was shot and killed by a union

man who had been interfered with while
coming from work. He had deserted the
ranks, only when his family reached the
point of starvation.

Four of the leading officers of the
union have been arrested on charges of
conspiracy.

That the Government is thoroughly in

earnest in its intention to completely
suppress the White Slave traffic, is
shown in the statement that since the
Mann Act became operative, or since
June 25, 1910, to August 31, 1913, there
have been 603 convictions; 82 were
found not guilty, and 75 forfeited their
bonds, and fled the jurisdiction of the
country. The length of the sentences
imposed, totalled 1070 years.

Matthewson the noted twirler of the
New York Giants, has decided not to
make the World tour with the other

baseball stars, but settle down to check-
er-playing and literary work, instead.

Did you know that our little Bobbie
hasa percentage of 1000 among the
pitchers; that Longie is next with .933
and Yaller:third with 859?

Eggie is the Frank Baker of the E. S.
P. League, having 7 home runs to his
credit, while Rube, and Cap, each have
a credit of 6 home runs. In 52 times at

the bat,. Cap made 29 runs. Watch
out Eddie Collins.

The following from the Catholic
Standard and Times would indicate

that someone has solved the high cost
of living, and that babies are apparent-
ly a drug on the market:

3 cents will purchase enough rice to feed a
person for one day.

50 cents will purchase an infant for baptism.

$5 will board an orphan, a cripple, a catechu-
men, a baby for six months.

$5 will board a sick person in the hospital for
4 months.

$6 will support a woman catechist for three

months.

$12 will supportan aged infirm man for one out, the offender is compelled to work

year.
$25 will support a seminarian for one year.

It is desired to make a correction of a
statement in last week’s issue, in which
it was said. that a man had been sent
to this place for a term of twenty years
for the larceny of a tub of lard. This is
not altogether so, for it has since been
learned, there were also two mince-pies
included in the loot, but never recovered

THE LURE OF INVENTION

The lure of invention is one that in-
fluences all people and spares no class or
condition of men. From the clergyman
n his study, to the convict in his lonely
cell, it exerts its attraction, and both are
found enrolled among the list of patentees
although not so precisely identified. The
stimulus is not always the hope of fee
or reward, for we find the millionaire as
strongly interested as the very poor.
There is something in the attraction that
cannot be resisted. Someone has said
that writing is like flirting. If you can-
not do it, no one can teach you to do it,
and if you can do it, no one can keep
you from doing it. So it is with inven-
tion; no one can teach you to do it, and
if you have the divine afflatus, no one
can prevent you from exercising it.

While the lure may be regarded apart
from the results, we cannot help realiz-
ing what a poor world this would be ex-
cept for the beneficent works of the in-
ventors of all times.

“EASY PAYMENT” FINES

A police judge in Kansas City has
perceived that it is not exact justice
for one man to be allowed to go free
merely because he has the money to
pay his fine, while another who has
no money goes to jail. Said he:

“The rich men pay their fine and go,
but the poor man is imprisoned, to labor
at fifty cents a day until the amount of
his fine is worked out: and that is noth-

ing more than sending a man to jail for
debt, a practice supposedly abolished
long ago.

As a remedy, the judge has inaugurat-
ed a system of installment fines for men
of family and previous good record. The
fine is recorded and the man is permitted
to go about his own business on condition
that he pay a fixed amount of his wages -
each week to the court, and take proper
care of his family. Thus, the judge points

to keep out of prison, the public will not
have to pay for his support, his family
will not become charges on the com-
munity, and yet he will feel the sting of
the law every time he makes a payment.

A ruined boy is the logical result of a
fond and indulgent parent.

“Some fellers go to th e devil, because

they ain’t got nowhere else to go to.”

