---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_139.jpg
---
n ;,E'

e

Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

VOL. 2

THE WAY OF MISS ADELE

A Prison Episode

B 067 was up against one of the most serious
propositions of his life. He was expecting
a parole, contingent upon his procuring a
sponsor, but where under the sun to find
one, was tle thought uppermost in his mind.
As he came rushing along the Block, his brain
full of the perplexing subject, he fairly ran
into a couple of visitors, accompanied by an
Overseer.

“Why, Robert, I never knew of this,”” exclaim-
ed a sweet faced young woman impulsively ex-
tending her hand to him.

B 067, colored to the roots of his hair, and
and mumbled something about ‘‘being glad to
scc her.”

She was very young, probably just out of her
teens, becomingly and modestly gowned in a
modetation of the present modes, and her beau-
tiful face fairly radiated the goodness within
her. She was accompanied by a man, of about
thirty years of age, a splendid type of the suc-
cessful young business man. He drew closer to-
ward B 067 as if to shield the young lady if nec-
essary, but, she waived him aside and asked,
“Why have I not known of this before, why
hasn't some of your people told me; you know,
and they all know how glad I would have been
to make this a little easier for you? Tell me
quickly, Robert, how long must you stay in this
place, and what can I do?”

B 067, hesitated, gave a fleeting glance into
the eyes of the young man. and then straighten-
ing up told his story as briefly as he could. It
was not new, by any means, though new to his
listeners, who drank in every word uttered,
with eager intetest. He told of a false step,
which resulted in his imprisonment; the term of
years he was sentenced, and how within the next
few weeks he would apply to the Board for a pa-
role, but doubted if it would be granted, for the
reason, that he knew of no one who would act as
his sponsor. In reply to her question, he ex-
plained what was meant by “sponsor,’’ the pur-
poses of the parole law, and how his relatives

“had utterly ignored him since he was in prison,

owing to his having brought disgrace upon his
whole family.

“Then as I understand it, you have been a
good boy while here, there is absolutely nothing
against your conduct, and that you may leave,
as soon as you can find some one to furnish you
with employment. Is that right?”

“Yes, about.”” he answered, hesitatingly.

“Harold,” she said turning to her escort, “you
must arrange to find a place in your father’s
store, for my old school-mate, so that he may
leave here at once.”

“But, Adele, don’t run along so fast, let us
learn something more about this young man,"”’
he whispered.

WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 5, 1913

“Oh, I know all about him, have known him
since we were little children together, and I feel
I never can rest while he is in here. Don’t tell
me [ am impetuous, or foolish, we are wasting
time, let us go at once, I don’t want to see any
more of their old prison, but, oh, T am so glad
Feame

Harold patiently listened to this outburst, and
then turning to B 067 asked, ‘“What can you
do?”’

“Well sir,” he answered, “1 am afraid there
is but little I can do. I have no trade, I am
not big, or strong enough to dig, but I am sure
I could fill a position as clerk, or salesman to
your satisfaction.”’

“‘Can you sell goods? "’

“Give me a chance to show you, for I don’t
want you to take my bare word for it, and I
know of no one who could tell you. Just let me
show you? "’

“All right, I am from Missouri myself, and so
is my father, and if I do take this thing up, why,
you will have to show us both.”

“Oh, Harold, come let us go at once and see
your father, we can do nothing here, and every
moment must be made to count.’

‘“Well, say good bye to this young man, and
we will see,”” he said rather airily, turning toward
the Center.

“Robert,"” she said to B 067, taking his hand
in her own, “Mr. Harold, and I are engaged to
be married. He is in business with his father,
and I will see that they will give you some work,
and act as your—what-dy’-call-it, I am going
now. and be assured that every moment of my
waking hours will be spentin securing your re-
lease, so be cheerful and patient, and you will
hear from me in a few days, at the latest. You
poor boy, just when I am looking forward to so
much happiness, that I should find you in such
misery, it is dreadful. Good-bye.”

“Good-bye. Miss Adele, I will depend upon
you, and you must depend upon me doing every-
thing to earn so much goodness, even if you are
not successful.” '

“Oh, nonsense, don't be foolish, g0()d bye
and she ran to catch up with Harold, followed
by the Overseer, who had been an interested

witness to the little scene.
B 067 disappeared into the doorway of his cell,

and throwing himself on the bed, buried his face
in the pillow;'and gave way to the tears of joy
and gratitude welling up within him.

Reaching the street, Miss Adele exclaimed,
“what a pity you didn’t bring the car; we could
have saved so much time.”

“Well, it is a delightful day for our outing,
What do you say, that we walk to the Park, in-
stead of riding?”’

“To the Park?" she inquired slowly.

“Yes, that is a part of our program for the af-
ternoon, I believe.”

“Why, nothing of the sort,” she said hotly.
We are going to see your father at once, about
work for that boy."”

“Not this afternoon, Adele, let us wait until

Printed and Published
By the Inmates of the E. S. P.

Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 34

tomorrow, by that time you will have forgotten
your impulsive promise. Let us have our little
trip.”’

“Why Harold, how can you? You heard me
give my word to that boy, and yet you ask me
to break it. Do you believe that my word is to
be so lightly broken?”

“Come dear, let us walk over to the Park; you
will forget him by this time to-morrow.”

“Never,” she cried indignantly. “If this is
your estimate of my faith and plighted word, I
cannot understand why you accepted it, when
I promised to marry you.”

“Ah, but that is so different,” he answered
softly, and then more determinedly. “Come
Adele, this will never do, you appear to be angry
with me, and why? Because I hesitate to obli-
gate my father and myself for the future welfare
of a man, a felon, whom we know nothing about,
who by his own admission has been guilty of a
crime, and who will bear the stigma of the place
he is in, for all time. You ask me to lay myself -
open to the risks involved in taking him into
our business? Surely little girl, you are assuming
a greatdeal. Come, let us forget it, and have
our outing.”’ }

“Harold)"’ she began softly, ‘I am hurt by
your words, more than you can ever know. In
the first place you ask me to break my promise
to that poor boy, I could never forgive myself,
if I did, and you in later years, would rentember
it too, and perhaps some time, wonder if I may
have ever broken my pledge to you. 1 spoke to
him as I did, because I felt that we were already
as one; that you would not, for an instant thwart
me in a kindly act toward a human being, but,
I see—as you say,perhaps—I have assumed too
much, I had planned to have that boy goto
mother’s house, where he could have her watch-
ful care; to, in a measure take my place in.the
home I was about to leave.
itly,” and, very firmly, ‘Iwdll secure his release,
and he shall go to my mother’s home. - If not
through you, then through some one else, Will
Boraman would, I—" _
“Dont’t mention his name in my _presence,
please he begged. 2

“Why not? He 1sa man of broad mmd ten-
der sympathies, and will do this for ‘me, surely.”’

““Adele, can’t you see, this is a subject I could
never broach to my father. You know what a
stern old moralist he is, and his peculiar ideas—"

" “I only know,” she said stopping in her Wélk
“that after having pledged that boy my word [
could neverbe happy if I did not use every effort,
to do as he expects. It would be a crime in my
estimation, if I ever dreamed of happiness, while
he is suffering.”

“What, why Adele what is this you are say-
ing? You don’t mean that you would postpone
our marriage, surely’’—

“It means just that, Harold, and perhaps
more. I can’t see my way clearly at preser’f(y
only I must leave you at once. My car is com-
ing.” i : :

' (CONTINUED ON PAGE 4)

I trust him 1mpha— A
