---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_140.jpg
---
b2

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to
readers.

the interests and entertainment of its

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire,
Printing Office. and handed to Overseer, who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with
the writer’s registered number.

B 6591 : Editor.

Wednesday, November 5, 1913
Hm_—*——————____*_____—_————_'—_‘—*—

THE UMPIRE is presented to you to-day, in an
entirely new dress in keeping with the purpose
of giving to our readers the very best of which
we are capable, For some time, the Editor has
been preaching “work,” and the “giving of the
best,” and he can dc no less, than at least try to
put his favorite theme into practice.

“Timmie,” to whom credit must be given of
founding the UmPIRE, intended that it should
be a baseball journal wholly, and published only
during the season devoted to that game. This
policy has been adhered to as long as feasible,
or rather to the close cf the season, wken per-
mission having been obtained to continue the
publication throughout the year, it became nec-
essary, owing to the dearth of baseball news, to
decide just what class of matter would command
the interest of the most men.

The Editor had before him the fact that nearly
all of the men receive weekly papers; the Chap-
lain gives liberally of the best magazines, and
the Christian visitors keep them abundantly sup-
plied with religious papers, while the Library is
a source of some of the best works of all classes
published. We could not hope to fill our paper
with subject matter of a Ligher literary wvalue
than contained in such publications, so it was
finally decided to miake the UMPIRE a “‘house
organ,” in which the men could find a variety of
matter of peculiar interest to them, and adapt-
able to their present surroundings.

This has worked out fairly well, with the ex-
ception of an evident reluctance on the part of
the men, to contribute material. We want orig-
inal matter at all times We cannot all write
stories, but most of us are capable of narrating
sume event in our lives which would be of inter-
est. The Editor wishes to fill the paper en tirely
When we
We

have no more right to copy an article from some

with matter written by the inmates.

say “‘written,”” we do not mean copied.

other publication, and sign our name or number
to it, than we have to go down in a man’s pock-
et, and filch his purse. Incidentally there is a
law covering this point.

The Editor is fairly familiar with current
works and magazines, and is also fairly capable

of detecting the genuine from the spurious, but
to avoid questions, when you do send in an
article for publication, state its source; whether
original or otherwise, so that proper credit may

be given.

IN ALL THE LARGE PENAL institutions through-

out the world, may be found a class of men who
are natural born mechanlcs. This talent, wheth-
er natural, or acquired, is one that demands em-
ployment, and it seeks an outlet in many inge-
nious ways. .

The product of the skill of these men is often
beautiful, and then again wonderful in its repre-
sentation of the very acme of care and patience.
The difficulty has always been to find a market
for this product, but the warden of a Western
prison has evidently solved the matter, by the
introduction of a feature, which promises to be
of great benefit to his men, an enjoyable novelty
to the public, and of infinite credit to himself.

He has arranged a ‘‘Bazaar’ in the prison,
setting aside a room for the purpose, which he
has caused to be decorated with flags, bunting
and other suitable materials. Here, all of the
novelties made by the prisoners during the year,
are properly tagged, and attractively arranged
on tables placed around the walls. The public
is then invited to come and inspect the result
of the industry and ingenuity of his men, and
make purchases of any articles pleasing to
their fancy.

This sale will enable many of those men to
send Christmas gifts to their families this year,
which will be doubly prized, as coming unex-
pectedly, from those so unfortunately placed.

THAT THE ENACTMENT of so many different
measures in an effort to obtain a satisfactory

parole law, would result in doubt as to proper

interpretation of them by prison officials, is con-.

firmed, by the recent request of the Warden of
the Western Penitentiary, for an opinion on
the matter by the Attorney General, found in
the PusLic LEDGER, in which he says:

“In my judgment the commutation act of
1901 is not repealed by the indeterminate sent-
ence act of 1911 or its supplement of 1913, and
hence prisoners sentenced under the commuta-
tion act of 1901 have a right to claim credit for
good behavior and release thereunder and may
waive the benefit or privilege of parole under
the later indeterminate sentence act of 1911 and
its supplement of 1913.”

He further states that a prisoner having been
granted parole under the acts of 1911 and 1913
may not, while on parole, ask for a reduction of
sentence under the commutation act of 1901.
He says, ‘““that in my opinion the parole act of
1911 and its supplement and the commutation
act of 1901 are to be applied independently, and

it was not the legislative intention that both
acts should apply in any one case.

THE MANAGEMENT of Warden McKenty was
highly commended by the October Grand Jury,
which held this institution up as a shining exam-
ple for the authorities of the County Prison at
Holmesburg to emulate.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 5, 1913

|| WITH THE POETS ||

ONLY ONE AND A FEW.

Of all the pet sayingsthat pleases the boys,

In their present unfortunate state,

There’s none that pleases them more than the

The one I 'm about to relate. [one,

While here you're confined, you're troubled

i mind,

With your five or your ten here to do,

And you long for that day when you boldly
‘can say,

:‘I've only got one and a few,”

So keep up a stout heart, from your courage
don't pait,

But do your ‘‘bit” manfully through;

Be it four, five or ten, or twice that again

It will come down to one and a few.

Quite often while sitting alone in my cell,
After working quite hard all the day,

My mind often goes to the day that I fell,
And the “bit” which I now have to stay.
Often I'l. own , wkile sitting alcne,

I feel sad and discouraged too,

And I long for the day when I gladly can say
““ I've only got one and a few.”

There’s many a home that is cheerless to-night
And many a mother feels drear, :
As she thinks of her loved one away from her
sight,
It causes her many a tear. -
Although others forget you, to her you're
» the same,
Misfortune but makes her more true
And although she feels sad, wont she feel glad
When you've only got one and a few.

Now don'’t feel discouraged no matter how long
You have in this prison to stay,

For you know that to fret and to worry is wrong,
While laughter drives dull care away.

Old Time is the boy that you want to emply,
And he'll jog along, constant and true.

And you'll find in the end that he is the friend
That has brought you to one and a few.

5 (Rcfrain) :
But here you were confined all through your time,
So cheer up the days have come down to rhyme
O, wont she feel g ad when you tell her your time,
For I've only got one and a few.
— B 3116,

SIT ON THE LID AND LAUGH.

Build for yourself a strong box,
Fashion each part with care, _
And when it’s as strong as hands can make it,
Put all your troubles there,
Hide all the thoughts of failures,
And each bitter cup that you quaff,
Lock all your heartaches within it,
And sit on the lid and laugh.

Tell no one of its contents,
Never irs secrets share,
Wheninityou drop your careand worry
Keep them foiever there, :
Hide them from sight so completely, ;
That the world will never dream half,
Fasten the strong box securely,

And sit on the lid and laugh.  —Jingles,

