---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_141.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 5, 1913

MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

LIVE IN PEACE

“Let us have Peace!” should be the motto
of every- lover of humanity the world over. To
obtain Peace we should be ready to sacrifice all
perscnal prejudices, pleasures and antipathies.
There are all sorts of people, and many that are
not patient or sweet-spirited, besides some who
are positively uncongenial, distasteful and oifen-
sive to us. But we should remember that for all
our dislikes and occasions for resentment, our
own self-consequence or fastidiousness may be
much responsible as the natural ugliness, indis-
cretions, follies, or wrongs of our neighbor. It is
possible to" be too critical. Nothing is easier
than to pick flaws in the lives and characters of
others. We cannot weigh -motives well enough
to enable us to interpret all speech and conduct.
Better get rid of the critical habit altogether
than to mis udge and injure our fellow men.

We must likewise accommodate ourselves to
ceaseless differences of opinion in respect to
everyday topics. In politics, science and a hun.
dred passing occurrences, men differ, and have
a right to differ. It is abominable conceit for a
man to set up his own way of thinking for a un-
iversal standard, and then prescribe and pettily
persecute all who fail to attain to it.

The gitt of speechlessness is worth cultivating.
Learn to hold your tongue. If your neighbor
talks provokingly better keep quiet than quar-
rel. “A soft answer turneth away wrath.” If
you cannot answer scftly, don’t speak at all.
There is real majesty in silence under provoca-
tion. “The man who ruleth his own spirit is
greater than the conqueror of a city.”

Choke back angry words. Repress bitterness.
Show your neighbor that even as you rule your-
self, so you might, if ycu deigned to do it, con-
quer him. Study tact. Let good nature have a
chance to bubble up. A happy and pleasant re-
mark of a different subject may avert the storm.
A flash of wit may prevent thelightning of wrath.
To provoke a smile is better than to occasion a
frown. There are some wrongs which of course
must be noticed, but there is a right way to give
them attention. TLis is nct by wrangling.

Charity must fill our hearts befcre we cast the.

devil out of others, lest he find a place to lodge
within us, Get the becm out your offending
eye. Be prepared to see your offending neighbor
just as he is. Perhaps he intended no real
wrong. Find out first. Perhaps he is suffering
wrong from others.
have wronged him. Like enough his nerves are
unstrung by trials, cares or other perplexities.
Apprcach him at the right point and learn how
he stands.

Don't be easily offended. - Mere words can
harm ycu only when you sufler them to irritate
you. Injustice reacts upon itself. He who does
the wrong is the one that loses the most. All
wrengs will sometime be righted. ‘‘Vengeance
is mine; I will reray, saith the Lord.”

Be ready to sacrifice anything for Peace except
the right to serve God and do good to your
neighbor. Not for life itself may we let these
sacred privileges go. They are enjoined from on
high, and we must serve God rather than man.

Maybe he imagines you

DO YOU KNOW THAT—

The President of the United States gets
$75,000 a year salary?

The Emperor of Autstria gets $4,500,000.

The King of England, including the Queen’s
portion, gets $2,500,000.

The King of Italy, $3,00,000.

The German Emperor, nearly $4,000,000

The King cf Spain nearly $2,000,000.

The Sultan of Turkey, $7,500,000.

The Czar of Russia from $5,000,000 to $12,
000,000, according to the value of private es-
tates.

The longest tunnel is called the Strawberry. It
runs for 50 miles through the Wasatch mount-
ains. The next longest tunnel is the new Croton
which supplies water to New York City, 33 miles
long. The next longest is in Saxony, and is 31
miles long, then comes the Loetschberg, through
the Alps, 9 miles long. The nextis the Mont
Cenis from Italy to France, 8 miles long. The
next is the Gunnison, in Southwestern Colorado
6 miles long.

There are innumerable tunnels throughout
this country, and in other parts of the world,
ranging from one to five miles in length.

Just about 30,000,000 people have immigra-
ted to the United States from foreign countries.
During three different years since 1904 the num-
ber exceeded 1,000,000, but now it is between
700,000 and 800,000.

The emigration from the United States during
recent years has averaged about 400,000.

The 16-inch gun at Sandy Hook, which is the
largest, and in fact, the only gun of this charac-
ter in the army, has a muzzle velocity of 2,150
feet per second. Computations indicate that it
would throw a projectile weighing 2,400 pounds
a distance of about 21 miles.

Statisticians have just completed counting all
the nickels that have been spent the last year to
cee the “movies.”’ The grand total, said to be
the first official count ever prepared in this coun-
try, is 6,380,000,000, or $319,000,000, paid by
3,600 000,000 spectators.

It is also shown that over $80,000,000 is in-
vested in the moving-picture industry, that more
than 200,000 persons are employed, and that
10,000,000 feet of films are produced weekly.

Francis Joseph, Emperor of Austria-Hungary
has been on the throne longest, having acceded
in 1848. Le is also the oldest prominent ruler,
being 83 years old, having ascended the throne
at the age of 19 years.

President Fallieres of France, is 72 years old.
President Wilson i8 67.

The fellow that knows it all, seldom demon-

strates that ‘“‘knowledge is power.”

FOR SAvIJE——Ca;léry- Bird;. S}nggrs andbreed-
ers; guaranteed. Also new brasscages. B 4930
11tb Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid,

collar, glove, cigar and
cigarette boxes, also jewel cases. Beautiful
designs, handsomely finished. Prices from
$3.00 upward. B 3981, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—Shawls, tidies, scarfs, etc., best
‘materials and workmanship. B 6031 6th.
Gallery ks

i e e

(F4)

_

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

«W
“ [ wonder how Mabel managesto keep her
complexion.” :
“Oh, she just puts it in a cool ‘place, tightly
corked.”

£ 3
ES *
Ducky—-‘Yes, Blink is a man of many parts.”
Yeap—‘I don’t doubt it, but a good many of
the parts are missing.”
* * *
“So her husband is dead. Dil he leave her
much?”’
“Why yes, most every night.”
Adam—*“What are you doing to that fig-leaf?’’
Eve—“Altering it, of course; it’s all out of
style.”
y E 3 = E3
“Your hair's getting thin, sir. Let me sell—"’
“That’s all right. I put something on it every
morning.”’
“May I ask what you put on it, sir?”’
“My hat!"”

x
* *

Heirs of great men all remind us,
We may make a million too;
And in passing leave behind us,
Fools to spend it as they do.
s 2 %
“I've gota good joke on that dentist,’’ said
Jimmy. : :
“Iet us have it,”’ said John. i
“Why, after yankin’ me around for an hour,
doggone if he didn’t pull the wrong tooth.”

*
£ 3

ha
A French teacher placed the following ad-
vertisement in a local paper:
Pupils Wanted—Mlle. Marcotteau respectfully
announces that she wishes to show her tongue
to the Americans.

%k sk
*

Two peddlers on a country road, one summer
night, engaged in an argument as to whether the
moon they saw in the sky was a new moon, or a
full moon. Being unable to agree, they stopped
an Irishman who came trudging along the road
in the opposite direction, and put the question
to him for settlement.

Pat looked up at the moon, looked at the ped-
lers, scratched his head, and then said: ‘' Begorra
I'm a stranger in the country meself.”’

He was a hard-looking rufflan, but his coun-
sel, in a voice husky with emotion, addressed
the jury.

“Gentlemen,’ said he, “my client was driven
by want of food to take the small sum of money.
All that he wanted was sufficient money to buy
food for his little ones. Evidence of this lies in
the fact that he didn't take a pocketbook, con-
taining fifty dollars in bills, that was lying 1in
the room "

The counsel paused for a moment, and the
silence was interrupted by a sob of the prisoner.

“Why do you weep ?”" asked the Judge.

“Because,” replied the prisoner, “I didn’t sec
that pocketbook.”
