---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_142.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 5, 1913

THE WORD CONTEST

Results In Favor Of B 6397

Men Showed Great Interest and a Large Number

of Contestants Resulted.

The Editor is very much gratified with the
success of the Word Contest as proved by the
large number of entrants. He believes it was a
pleasant diversion for those who took part in it,
while at the same time it was undoubtedly of
educational value to all.

B6397 submitted a listof 191 words, but of
this number 48 were rejected, as improper, ob-
solete, foreign, provincial and misspelled. There
were quite a few foreign names, which were not
allowed. He evidently had access toa Web-
sters Unabridged Dictionary, and went carefully
through the book. Even at that it represented a
great deal of painstaking labor, and we do not
wish to detract from his success, but announce
him the winner with great pleasure, his credit
being 143 words.

B6181 submitted the next largest list, 145 words,
of which 18 were rejected, leaving 127 to his
credit. Ot all the lists submitted, his was by
far the neatest, and showed a better understand-
ing of what was required, than any of the others.

B6612 and B6815 each sent in lists of 100
words, all of which were correct.

B6898 submitted a list of 112 words, 15 of
which were rejected, leaving 97 correct. B6495
97 words, and B6115 with 96, follow in order;
all others being under 90 words.

The success of the first Contest has decided
the Editor to continue this as a feature of the
paper for a while at least, or until he finds that
interest in it is flagging.

The word selected for this month’s contest is

THANKSGIVING

See how many proper English words you can
form with the letters contained in the word
THANKSGIVING?

Rules: Only proper words to be found in
Webster's Dictionary will be counted. Names
or slang words must not be used.

The sameé letter in one word may only be
used as many times, as it iscontained in the
word THANKSGIVING.

Write the words in columns, numbering each
one as you go along. In the event of the con—
test being very close, the Editor will decide jn
favor of the neatest list.

No questions will be answered in connection
with the contest while it is in progress.

Contest will close November 26, and the
winner announced in the issue of December 3.

Sign your list with your registered number,
~and location, address to THE UMPIRE, Printing
Office, and hand to your Overseer, who wil]
have it delivered.

Following is a list of 150 words made up from
the letters forming the word Gratitude:

G-—gate gait get gad gear grade grate great
gut guide gutter grit gritted guitar guard gait-
ed gutted gaiter grated gaudier girt girted
gird gaud gride gutta gratitude

R—rat rate rated rut rug rag rue rued red
rud read rid ride rite rage raged rig ridge
rade reit ret rutted rude

A—"a” at ate are aired age aged adit audit

art arid argue argued auger attire attired aid
adieu ague adure ait atter augite air

T—tat tea teat tar tied tide tear tare tie
tire tired tried taut true tit trait tag tug ted
trite tart trade trig triad tread tiger treat ti-
rade tier turgid trudge tige target tret tig
tride trug tut tetrad

I—it “I" idea ire irate ideat

U—urge urged utter urate urea

D—die diet dirt date dig dug drag drug due
dear dare dire dater duet dart dirge dag deg
dite dure

E—eat ear edit era ergat etui

PENNSYLVANIA’S DEATH HOUSE

Work will shortly be under way for the con-
struction of the new building, in Center county,
which will be known as the ‘“‘death house”’, and
where is to be placed the first electric chair in
Pennsylvania for the execution of criminals.

The building will be two stories high, a plain
structure of reinforced concrete of the Ren-
aissance type. It will contain cells for the con.
demned prisoners, room for visitors and the sin_
ister death chamber and post-mortem room .

Thearrangement ison thecorriderplan. To the
right, and occupying nearly half the floor space
are the cell room and cells, six of the latter, 7 by
6 feet in size, being arranged in a row at the
back of the building. At the end of the row is
a bath room, and beyond this a room for visi-
tors, opening into the cell room through a gate
protected by a grille.

Through a solid wood door entrance is given
into the death chamber, which will be a spacious
room, 26 by 29 feet, lighted by windows. The
door is near the front wall of the building, and
that sinister piece of furniture, the death chair,
is close to the door on the right. Behind and to
one side of it is the electrical wall cabinet, at
which the electrician stands, watching the sig-
nalsgiven by the physician in charge of the elec-
trocution.

The execution chair, or, as it has been called
“The Throne of Death,” will be constructed of
solid oak, with a high back, from the top of
which the head electrode, or cap, will project.
Attached to one of the legs will be a connection
for the other electrode which is strapped to the
calf of the condemned persons leg. Heavy straps
will be attached to appropriate parts of the
chair for securing the body, arms and legs of
the criminal.

THE WAY OF MISS ADELE

(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1)

“But I will go with you.”

No, I am going to see Mr. Bornman, and that
would not be pleasant for you,” and she stepped
briskly toward an approaching car.

“But just a moment Adele, don’t g0 to him,
give me time,—yes, I—will do it.
father at once.”

“This afternoon?”

“Right away.”

Rk Sk e e e S Sy R R

I will see

Three weeks later there was a quiet wedding
in West Philadelphia, at which B 067 was an
honored guest, and it would be difficult to deter-

mine which was the happiest, he, Mr. Harold,
or Miss Adele.

[ _TALKED ABoUT ]

These are certainly busy days for the parole
Board.

The miniature model of a $20,000 caroussal
is still on exhibition in the Library, and for sale
at $100. Any one want it? Speak quick!

Philadelphia is meeting with the same exper-
ience as that of other cities, when they attempt- -
ed to close the ‘‘red-light”” districts. Numerous
assaults upon young girls and children have kept
the police on the jump for some time, while
anxious mothers dread to allow their daughters
out of their sight.

Mrs. Pankhurst, English suffragette, is meet-
ing with very poor success in this country from
a financial point of view. American women
were not long in taking the measurements of the
distinguished militant, and cutting her accord-

ingly.

Quite a few of the men who have been granted
parole are being detained, pending an investiga-
tion of their sponsors.

To interview such a large number of people,
so widely scattered, naturally requires some little
time, and unfortunately, we can’t all be first.

A man on the Fifth gallery has about com-
pleted a m‘niature locomotive, made entirely of

. wood, which he proposes to equip with a motor

and put to woik.

The White Sox, with Walter Johnson of Wash-
ington in the box, shut ocut the New York Giants
in a game at Tulsa Oklahoma, at the same time'
knocking the far famed Matthewson off the
mound in the fourth inning.

The game in which these two great masters
were to face one another had been looked for-
ward to with great interest. The result was 6-0.
All of the runs were made before Matty retired.

Now after twenty years of adulation, comes an
English savant, who says Lombrosc is a fraud;
Bertillon’s system of measurements never caught
a criminal, and there is no such thing as a ‘‘cri-
minal class.” He supports all this with a book
equally as voluminous as any published by the
two great criminologists, and is obtaining a large
following.

One of strongest impressions gained by visitors
to this institution, is the number of bright, clean
cut young men, every where in evidence, with
nothing in their appearance to suggesta ‘“‘cri-
minal class.” .

The All-conquering White Elephants, sur-
rounded by five hundred of Philadelphia’s most
opulent citizens gathered in the main banquet
hall of the Bellevue-Stratford, one evening last
week, and enjoyed thenselves, as only a bunch
of good fellows know how.

Wine, Wit and Appolinaris effervesced through
out the evening, and guests and hosts, vied
with each other in saying complimentary things’
most of which would have made a trolleyman -
blush. Everybody talked, even Connie Mack,
and Chief Bender. The latter did even better,
for Indian though he is, he showed his versatili-
ty, by singing an Irish song.

Some men are naturally fast, and some are
tied to their wives’ apron strings.

