---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_143.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. 2

THE UMPIRE

WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1913

THE CHANGING JAILER

A New Classification of Criminals
Coming—True Worth of Men
and Women Require Lar-

ger Justice—

E DO not know the name of the first
jailer or at what date he entered up-

w

He must have come early, for crime marred the

on the performance of his duties.

second generation of the race.
prisons.

For centuries he functioned, varying little as
to type. Barring such externals as speech and
raiment, he was alike in all times and lands.
Into his keeping might be given Saul of Tarsus,
a saint, or Dick Turpin, gentleman of the road ;
John Bunyan or Sam the pickpocket. It made
no difference to him.

To all these, from Cervantes to the Younger
brothers, he was not a human being with a
heart. He was a machine with a pump, autom-
atically measuring off to each the cell length
society had decreed. Sometimes one of him
spat sparks and ran wild, as machines will do.
But machines never see or think or sympathize.
Neither did the jailer.

He had a perfectly clear understanding of his
place and part. His to see that the penalty im-
posed by society was carried out to the last
minute of the last hour of the term of sentence
His, also, to make sure that the penalized sensed
fully the width and depth of the impassable gulf
between him and them. Always there was a su-
periority of the jailer in his domain of despair

Only outside the prison did the ice-water
pump become a heart lifting blood. Within, his
heartlessness matched the cold gray walls, the
chill, damp air. Even the French revolution,
with its melting scenes of parting, did not
change him. Thousands of years of heartless-
‘ness almost had made this lack his religion. He
believed in it as the judge on the bench believes
in dignity.

He was a keeper of men and women who had
done wrong. Never did he think how littleastep it
might be from his desk to the dungeon—even
tor him ! He was guarding society against some
of its enemies They were not even names to
him, but numbers; and he marked them up
“when they came in and when they went out—to
ostracism or the rope—as he might have check-
ed bales of Tyrian cloth or Virginia tobacco.

For scores of centuries this was the jailer.

He was the accurate reflection of the spirit
and the letter of the law.

The spirit and letter of the law were accurate
interpretations of the civilization of the times.

Though a different doctrine was taught by
Jesus, the most influential teacher who ever lived,
for more than 1900 years the civilization
which made the law and the law which reflected

And crime begot

dovetailed with his heartlessness.
was banished from the house of punishment.

The wrong-doer, whether or not armed with
any excuse aroused contempt. ‘It is strange that
you should not be angry when you meet a man
with an ill-conditioned body and yet be vexed
when you encounter one with an ill-conditioned
soul,” said Socrates. While every effort was
made to relieve the sick body, sick souls were as
wholly neglected as if they were sawdust.

It has been reserved for the day in which we
live—this day of swift changes—for the view-
point to change. We have risen above the eye-
for-an-eye and tooth-for-a-tooth attitude as be-
tween the law and its victim. We have come to
understand that punishment is not to be ad-
ministered as though the law were wreaking ven-
geance on the prisoner.

Its sole purpose isthe protection of society.
But this does not meansociety is to be protected
by placing the offender behind the steel barsand
degrading him, so that when he comes out he
will be even a worse menace.

It means putting into his heart a feeling diffe-
rent from that which prompted the offense. It
means planting there new aspirations; displacing
the old crookedness with new straightness; en-
larging upon the good that is in him.

Yet think what a shudder of fear would have
coursed through the land even twenty years ago
at the mere mention of such news as that pub-
lished in this paper the other day—the release
from the Eastern Penitentiary of fifty-three con-
victs on parole. The plancontemplated the release
of fifty seven more as part of the same lot. Since
the announcement nearly 100 have received
their freedom, and the remainder of the 110 are
shortly to be set free.

Some of those who thus share the first bene-
fits of the new law authorizing the board of
pardons to take such action are murderers.
Their sentences run from two to forty years.
Yet the law says none can leave the prison with-
out definite assurance of employment. Already
Warden McKenty has helped to get jobs for all
who have gone.

Yes, the jailer has changed! Because the
civilization back of the law which is reflected in
the jailer has changed. The extent ot the
change is best evidenced by that provision of
the law which makes it possible for him to assist
in the designation of those to be paroled, for
this list originates with the prison inspectors,
who naturally consult the warden.

“I am ready to stake my life that 95 per cent of
the 110 convicts who are to leave in a few days
will make good,” said McKenty when the deli-
very was announced.

Here is a jailer who spends most of his time
trying to lift up, encourage and hearten the hun-
dreds of convicts under hiscare. The board of
pardons spends its time trying to select those who
should be pardoned or paroled. The whole
trend of the new spirit is to liberate, to re-estab-
lish, to increase rather than decrease the chances
for a return to normal conduct. The modern

Humanity

the civilization supported this jailer andall that

Printed and Published
By the Inmates of the E. S. P.

Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 35

theory is to restore the criminal to society to
meke him useful—to convert a liability into an
asset.

Society is beginning to realize that a term in
prison in no small measure hinges on chance.
“But for the grace of God there go I, is being
thought by an increasing number of men and
women who see others go to prison. Science has
proved that criminal tendencies may result from
physical defects. This has helped to establish
the new view point. Then, too, men are gain-
ing the higher ground upon which Robert G.
Ingersoll stood more than thirty years ago, when
he said:

I am perfectly satified that there are millions
of people incapable of committing certain crimes,.
and it may be true that there are millions of
others incapable of practicing certain virtues.
We do not blame a man because he is not a
sculptor, a poet, a painter or a statesman. We
say he has not the genius. Are we certain that
it does not take genius to be good? Where is
the man with intelligence enough to take into
consideration the circumstances of each individ-
ual case? Who has the mental balance with
which to weigh the forces of heredity, of want,
of temptation; and who can analyze with cer-
tainty the mysterious motions of the brain?
Where and what are the sources of vice and vir-
tue? In what obscure and shadowy recesses of
the brain are passions born? And what is it
that for the moment destroys the sense of right
and wrong?

Thus was set forth many years ago at least
one phase of the spirit of the new order. To
understand this radical change one has only to
trace the development of the new attitude to-
ward the child. ‘“‘As long as children are raised
in the tenement and gutter, the prisons will be
full,” said Ingersoll. He might have added that
this would be the result so long as they were
ground into dividends, so long as they are de-
prived of their rights toincreased profitsby others.
But the child is no longer regarded as legitimate
material for the millstones of men’s greed.

No longer is the woman viewed as a mere ad-
In the changed attitude toward her is to
In part,

junct.
be found one source of this new spirit.
it grows out of the law which says to the corpor-
ation, ‘“You shall not strike down the breadwin-
ner and throw the burden on an innocent wife.
You yourself must carry the burden, with the
understanding, of course, that you shift a proper
share on society.”

In brief, it is the discovery of the true worth
of men and women that is leading us into this
field of larger justice. We are beginning to un-
derstand what Christ taught. We are coming to
a new classification of criminals. _

—From The North American.

Two prisoners who had been sent to Chicago
to undergo an operation for the cure of moral de-
linquincies have been pronounced cured.

The judge stated that he would parole the men
and have their actions carefully watched, but he
believe they are now moraly regenerated. If this
theory is correct, he says more prisoners will be
sent to the operating table, than to jails.
