---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_144.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1913

THE GMPIRE

Devoted to
readers.

the interests and entertainment of its

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire,

Printing Office. and handed to Overseer, who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with
the writer’s registered number.

B 6591 : Editor.

Wednesday, November 12, 1913

MENTION WAS MADE in these columns a few
weeks ago, of the enactment of a law in Wayne
county, Michigan, under which confirmed ine-
briates are to be sent to a sanatorium for medical
treatment, rather than to the Workhouse.

This law has been placed into effect ; the first
beneficiaries, being a woman 63 years of age,
who in the last twelve years has been sent to
the Workhouse 80 times, and the other a former
brilliant attorney, who succumbed to the liquor
habit, and for many years has occupied a cell in
the county prison, with only short intervals of
freedom.

These are extreme cases Doubtless others,
representing a fair average will be selected, and
the experiment attain wider interest.

In view of the fact that it has been common
knowledge for a great many years, that intemp-
erance was accountable for more than seventy
per cent. of all crimes, it seems remarkable
that humanitarians have not taken up this

phase of criminclogy, and endeavored to effect

the reformation of a man while he s in prison, |

through curing him of the habit of drink.

For at least twenty years, science has been
able to effect a cure for drunkeness in a large
percentage of cases, and every year, this per-
centage is increasing. When a man arrives in
prison, he is carefully examined as to his health,
and it found to be a tubercular, or syphilitic, he
receives immediate which
Why not ex-
tend this to the chronic inebriate ? Why not

endeavor to cure the nervousness of which he is

medical attention,

continues throughout his term.

a victim so that he may leave the prison in nor-
mal health, and in such a condition his system
will not crave a stimulant ? Large amounts of
money and time are spent in earnest endeavor
to regenerate the criminal by various means but
no one seems to have thought of doing so
through reclaiming him to perfect health.

The idea has been, that if after serving a
number of years in prison a man was released
in comparatively as good condition, physically,
as when he entered, the authorities had dis-
charged all of their obligations.

Society which demanded his imprisonment,
and taken away from him the right to provide

for himself, and maybe others, owes it to him, to
at least restore him to liberty in as nearly a
normal state of health as it is possible to attain.

The man who leaves the front gate to go di-
rect to a barroom is not a healthy man.

His, is a weakened system, crying for stimulant.

TromAas Mort OSBORNE, who recently served
a self-imposed term of one week, in the Auburn
prison, in order to familiarize himself with con-
ditions there at first hands, has sailed for Europe
for the purpose of examining into prison affairs
in that country. He says, he believes there is a
wider field there. .

In one of Sherlock Holmes stories, it is said,
that if you wish to effectually hide an article
from a person, place it, figuratively, right under
their nose, and they will search everywhere else,
but in the place most apparent.

This seems to be the case with Mr. Osborne,
for there is ample material, and then some, in
this country, without going abroad for it.

Evidently the Auburn prison is not such a bad
place after all, for there were only a few suggest-
ions for improvement made by the philanthro-
pist, and none calling for serious attention. He
recommended that the men be provided with
rain-coats, or entire change of clothing, to pro-
tect them from inclement weather on their way
to, and from work. He also deemed it a hard-
ship for the men to be required to sleep without
the comfortofa “‘nightie;” and thought it par-
ticularly unfair, that they should not be allowed
to eat the fruit which wasrotting on the grounds
of his orchard ; all very serious matters, calling
for reform.

In view of Mr. Osborne’s statement, and the
absurdity of his complaints, it is strongly sus-
pected that it is hisintention to break into vau-
deville and is now engaged in some clever little
advertising ‘“‘stunts.’”’

B 5755:=The two words you mention are both
in Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary.

Etui, pronounced a-twee, and also spelled et-
wee; a case for small articles, such as pins, need-
les etc.; a lady’s reticule, or work-box.

Ergat, is from the Latin ergo, meaning to draw
conclusions from .

Both words are so little used as to be almost
obsolete, but they are both proper English words.

EFFERVESCENCES

By Jingles

Do crash suits make a noise in the fall?

A whip should be all it is cracked up to be.

Scales that prove inaccurate, are weighed, and
found wanting.

The artist cannot draw upon his imagination,
when his mind is a blank

Wouldn’t a man be a “bird ”’ if he had on
duck trousers, a swallow=tail coat, and a bat-
wing tie ?

The critic who writes a roast might not relish
it much, if he were made to eat his own words.

There is no opportunity for the man who is
ready to face it.

The man who wishes to live ina small town
or go to Heaven, must behave himself.

Mackentieville is a small place.

Bl e s eSS

|  WITH THE POETS ||

DON'T FORGET YOUR OWN

Speaking of a person’s faults,

Pray don't forget your own.
Remember those with homes of glass,
Should never throw a stone.

If we have nothing else to do,
But talk of those who sin,
"Tis better you commence at home,
And from that point begin.

You have no right to judge a man,
Until he is fairly tried.

Should you not like his company,
You know this world is wide.

Some may have faults, and who has not?
The old as well as young,

Perhaps you may, for aught I know,
Have fifty, to their one.

I'll tell you of a better plan,
And find it works full well.

Try your own defects to cure,
Before of others’ tell.

And though I sometimes hope to be,
No worse than some I know,

My own shortcomings bid me ler,
The faults of others go.

Then let us all when we commence,
To slander friend or foe,
Think of the harm one word may do,
To those we little know.
Remember curses sometimes like
Our chickens, ‘“‘roost at home,”
Don’t speak of others faults until
We have none of our own.
‘ —B 6290

THE DIFFERENCE.

He trod the Crimson Trail, indifferent grown,
"Till Folly almost claimed him for its own.

Immune at last from the unsparing grief
That stabs the soul in itsinitial crime;

He cursed the folks who tried to bring relief,
And damned the logic of a future time.

But when a woman’s voice reclaimed his soul,
The world grew kind and helped him'to his goal.

She lived In Red Light town, despoiled of good,
Till Folly almost knocked her dead as wood.
She sent her soul into the depths of crime,
And let it rot away for years and years.
And then a man destroyed decay of time,
And married her, despite the public’s fears
But when he had reclaimed her from the rack,
The world grew cold with fear,and lung her back.

We boast of magnanimity and grace,
And aim to save the souls of every race.
We treat the heathen of a tar-off clime,
With all the money we can collect;
We take a convict who has served his time,
And put him back in standing with the sect,
But when a woman falls we stand and leer,
And ridicule her through immortal fear.
—Anonymous

Any man can save himself a lot of trouble, by
simply saving a little money.

