---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_145.jpg
---
ﬂ

MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

FAULT - FINDING

There is room in this world for Fault-Finding,
and there are those who appear disposed always
tooccupyit. Nothing, perhaps, is morein accord
with perverse human nature than Fault-Find-
ing. Many persons see little else but the wrong,
and are not at all backward in pointing it out.
They have become adepts at the business, and
would be discontented, their occupation being
gone, were they to wake up some morning and
find that the millenium had come while they
slept. It was certainly out of order for it to
come in that way and at such & time, as they
were unable to give directions to affairs! If we
are such, what use are we ? Who will love us?
Whom do we influence or bless? What are we
born for, and where will we go when we die?
There must be a chamber in space somewhere
for such spirits, and it can hardly be a good
place, for once placed in a realm where there 18
nothing to find fault about, they would be out
of place and miserable indeed.

_If the descriptions of Dante and Milton are
true, there are plenty of -things in the pit of woe
to grumble at.

Nothing will more effectually destroy an indi-
vidual’s comfort, and the comfort of those around
~ him, than indulgence in this spirit. It fostersa
feeling of discontent, which is injurious to the
the best interests. Things in this world, it is
true, are not just exactly as we would have them,
but, after all, they are perhaps better than we
we would make them, if left to our dictation.
We have no need to complain of what we can
remedy, and it is folly to complain of what we
cannot change. We cannot comprehend all the
mysteries that surround us in this life; but He
above us reigns; and let us trust in his divine
wisdom and goodness” We should cheerfully
with an uncomplaining spirit endure, as a sweet
disposition is by far better than to be a constant
giumbler.

If we can so measure our Fault-Finding and
equalize it with commendation for the good
things that really are, we are far more likely to
benefit each other than by meaningless com-
plaint.

No one thing does human life more need than
a kind consideration of men’s faults. Every one
does wrong at times, often thoughtlessly, and
needs forbearance. Our own imperfections
should teach us to be merciful. God is merciful,
because He is perfect So men grow toward the
Divine, they become gentle, forgiving, and com-
- passionate, The absence of a merciful spirit is
evidence of a want of true manliness.

Gentle praise fromone we love lightens the
burden which each one of us is called on to bear.
It smooths away the discouragements and per-
plexities. Those men who have been the most
powerful agents in progress of good have been
those who believed in men, and who somehow
touched the well-springs of their nature, and

Those
who attempted to influence by fierce denuncia-
The Di-

vine power of love, which always lifts up, has

thereby lifted them to higher things.

tion have seldom exerted great power.

ever been the greatest force in all the experience
of the world.

A spirit of Fault-Finding; an unsatisfied tem-
per; a constant iritability; little inequalities in
the look, the temper, or the manner; a brow
cloudy and dissatisfied—no one can tell why—
will more than neutralize all the good you can do,
and render your life anything but a blessing.

GRAPE JUICE FOR GERMANS
Discover Alcohol Lowers Efficiency

Following Kaiser Wilhelm’s renunciation of
the German national beverage and the accep-

tance of grape juice, comes the dispatch, stat-

ing the German youths are renouncing “prosit”
for “nein’’ in their vocabulary, thus indicating
the wave of teetotalism inthe greatest beer coun-
try in the world.

It is not attributed to any especial awakening
of'moral or religious emotions; it is simply due
to the German realization of a fact, and his
sane method of going at a problem. With no
particular fuss they have set out to make of
Germany the most efficient nation in the world;
alcohol deters efficiency, therefore, cut out alco-
hol.

Such action is eminently sensible; it is strange
that any person or nation in its right senses
could do otherwise than discourage the excessive
use of alcohol. Yet the statistics are telling us
that in every nine days alcohol carries to death
as many persons in this country as went down
with the Titanic.

It is not a temperance lecture, only a state-
ment of fact to say that three-fourths of the
cases in criminal courts can be traced to alcohol.
It is not a lecture on morals to say that children
are born with weak bodies, predisposed to dis-
ease and defective mentality becauseof alcohol.
It is not a lecture on ethics nor the displaying
of horrible examples to declare that women are
still beaten, and children are still left destitute
and. brutally treated by reason of alcohol.

i Twenty per cent. of the admissions to the

| Massachusetts Insane Hospital in 1906 were due

toalcohol. Forty-three per cent. of the patients
in the Illinois Hospitals for the insane are direc-
tly due to alcohol. Thirty-seven per cent. of the
pauperism of the United States is due to the
same cause. Infant mortaliy, degeneracy, crime,
murders, suicides, tuberculosis, disease due to
lowered vitality, premature deaths owing to
hardened arteries and. degeneracy of the organs,
all these you may*trace to alcohol.

This is no temperance lecture, but if a habit
is destroying life, efficiency, prosperity, happin-
ess—not only for to-day but for years to come—
isn't it time to cut it out?

FOR SALE—Cards, all hand work, with fancy
designs, birds, flowers etc., also Christmas
and New Years Cards, with your name and
address penned on same. Price 50 cents per

dozen. Jingles, Eighth Block.

FOR SALE—Ball tidies, . shawls and scarfs.
Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth
Block. .

FOUND—A canary bird. Owner can have same
by proving property and applying to 12 Block,
2 Gallery.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1913

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Iet us be thankful for occasional visits from
the man who sees the funny side of things.

When Greek meets Greek, there is a new shoe-
shining stand established.
£ * L
“Are you in favor of that curfew law?"”’
‘“Yes, I'm in favor of any law that reduces the
number of dogs.”

*
% *

Ducky—“Why do you suppose Blink
such a vacant expression?”’
Yeap—*‘Because he thinks of himself so much.”

has

&
% k

Newcomer—‘‘Is this all the soap that there is
in this little room?”

Overseer—‘‘Sure, that’s all we allow to one
room.”’

* Newcomer—‘‘Well give me two more rooms.
I want to wash my face in the mornings.” :
ES 3 £

Yiddisha Sam’s examination paper:

A blizzard is the inside of a hen.

Oxygen is a thing that has eight sides.

The cuckoo never lays its own eggs.

A mosquito is a child of black and white par-
ents.

% % %

Ikey came home from school very late and
very sorrowful. He had been punished, and his
father chided him :

“It was all your fault,” said Tkey. “You told
me the wrong answer. Lasc night when I asked
you how much was a miilion dollars, you
said ‘it was a devil of a lot,” and the teacher
says that's not the right answer.”’

£
£3 *

A young man, in a very excited state rushed
into the city hospital, and demanded to see his
wife at once.

“What name?’’ asked the attendant.

“Mrs. Annie Brown, I want to see her quick.”

“No one of that name here,” gruffly returned
the man.

‘T know better, she must be here, I just ar-
rived home and found this note from her, and
there is no other place for her to go.”

“Tet me sece the note.”

It was handed to him, and he read:

“Dearest Jack: I won't be home for dinner. I
have gone to get my kimono cut out. Annie.”

%
* *®

“How much do you charge for cutting off a
dog’s tail,” asked a small boy, with a dog in one
hand, and a silver quarter in the other.

“The operation usually costs a dollar” said
the veterinarian, “but, I'll do it for you for fifty
cents."”’ ’

The boy looked disappointed for the moment
his face brightened, and extending the hand with
the quarter in it, he exclaimed: “This is all T've
got; s'pose you cut off a quarter’s worth.”

t's easy enough to be pleasant,
And sing of joys and good cheer,
But the man worth while,
Is the man with a smile,
When the judge hands him a year.
