---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_146.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1913

” TALKED ABOUT ”

Nearly 100 men are wearing the *“ smile that
won't come off, ’’ as a result of the Board meet-
ing last week.

Adolphus Busch of St. Louis is dead. He left
an estate of $50,000,000, which will permit each
of his heirs to draw exactly $1,000 per day.
How much of your money will they spend?

Softly—I am almost afraid to speak it out
loud, but it appears to me, that the Parole
Board hasadopted a more liberal policy lately.

Mr. Bonsal probably overlooked the fact that
with only a trifling expenditure of time and
money, some of the finest rabbits in the country
may be had in the—Reading Terminal Market.

Miss Jessie Wilson, daughter of the President
will be married the 25th inst., before a small
gathering of about one thousand guests.

With true Democratic simplicity, each mem-
ber of Congress chipped in five dollars to pur-
chase a suitable wedding gift for rhe young lady.

The Mayor of Atlantic city places himself on
record as tavoring unusual courtesy to men of
known wealth, who may be apprehended for
crime.

I am one who don’t agree with him. The
greater the man’s education, wealth and posi-
tion, the less excuse for him to violate the law.

He should not be granted any
which is not accorded to
“One-Eyed Hogan.”

courtesy
“Yiddisha Sam,”’ or

Governor Blease of South Carolina, has par-
doned more convicts serving sentences in the
state penitentiary then any previous Governor
in the history of the state. He said:

“Every pardon granted by me has been con-
curred in by the State Pardon Board, and rec-
commended by the jury and judge on the case.
Other Governors have refused pardons because
they did nct have the back-bone to do the right
thing by these poor devils.”

The Editor rushed into the office one day last
week, and nearly fell over a big stack of bank
books upon which the Chaplain was busily en-
gaged. These bcoks represented accounts in
the saving funds held by men in this institution-

Every month, the amount of their earnings
are deposited in bank to their individual credit
by the Chaplain, who is just about as happy to
see this evidence of thrift, as the men are to
know they “ have a dollar.

Money in the bank is a nice thing to have at
any time, but especially nice, on the day weleave.
Freedom, together with a “bank roll "’ will turn
the dreariest sort of a day into sunshine.

Chorus girls are talking “strike” in New York.
Why not? The boot-blacks had their’s. The
girls want $25 per. and ought to haveit. This
1s what they say:

“Decent dinner, less than three?

No sir, Childs’ wont do for me.
Luncheon costs almost as much—

Where’s the price for cabs and such?
Things a perfect lady needs

Can’t be bought for twenty seeds.”’

It is said the Governor of this state is being
urged to accept the presidency of the National
Baseball League, and he has signified his willing-
ness, if the election is made unanimous.

President W. F. Baker, of the Philadelphia
club is conducting a campaign in Governor Ten-
er’s behalf, and claims he has the support of six
out of the eight clubs in the association.

The Governor’s familiarity with baseball affairs,
coupled with the administrative experience he has
gathered in the Executive Mansion, renders him
most eminently fitted for the position.

Magistrate Gorman who was elected one of
the Municipal Court judges, has announced that
he would organize a body of lawyers to act as free
counsel for poor prisoners appearing in the new
court

This isa matter which should have State prov -
ision. No man can have a fair trial as provided
for in the Constitution, unless he is represented
by a trained lawyer. Judge Gorman will exper-
ience some difficulty in organizing such a force,
unless it be from students, as lawyers have alw. ys
been very loath to give of their services, without
reasonable, or unreasonable compensation; it is
a violation of one of the ethics of their profes-
sion, I believe.

John L. Sullivan has ‘‘retired” again. This
time in Philadelphia, where an informal buffet
was held in the Pen and Pencil Club to celebrate
the event last Friday night. John retires from
the fighting game, and vaudeville, but merely
that he may be able to devote his whole atten-
tion to a new moving picture house he has pur-
chased in Boston.

Things are sizzling down in Mexico these
days, and the correspondent working on space
rates is making as much as the President, or
ought to. Mr. Wilson has signified to Mr. Hu-
erta, that he must step off the throne or chair,
or whatever they ca 1 it in that country of revol-
htes, and Mr. Huerta, doesn't say a word, or
move an inch in reply. At this writing, Mr
Wilson has assembled a large force of war ships
at Vera Cruz, others are on their ay,and yet
others are within convenient wireless distance.

The militia boys, are taking the camphor
balls out of the pockets of their uniforms, and
urging their best girls to speedy marriage. It
is making a nice lot of newspaper reading, but
it is hardly probable Mr. Wilson will ask con-
gress to declare war on Mexico, simply because
Mr. Huerta will not resign and * obliterate ”’
himself when told. It is not every one who
would care to “‘obliterate’’ himself anyway.

However before this is in type, many changes
will doubtless occur in the land of the ““ hot ta-
male.”’

ENGLISH LANGUAGE CLASSES

Classes in English Language for the benefit of
the foreign-speaking inmates, will be reorganized
here, on Friday next by students from the Uni-
versity of Pennsylvania.

The classes will be along the same successful
lines as those followed last year, and present a val-
uable opportunity to those of the foreign inmates
who wish to learn the English language.

Men desiring to attend these classes will send
their number to the Chaplain at once, and those
who attended last year, and were given books,
are required to return them without delay .

THE INNOCENT SUFFER

Says A Famons Penologist

That our present prison system is all wrong
has been admitted for quitea few years, butasa
rule the individuals expressing themselves were
persons of such meager experience, their opinion
carried but little weight. But when @ man like
Major R W. McClaughery, who has practically
devoted his whole life to prison work, and brought
to his aid the benefits of extensive investigations
at home, and abroad, comes forward with a
statement concerning conditions, it at once com-
mands the interest and respect of the thinking
public.

Major McClaughery for many years was in
charge of the Joliet prison, and later, warden of
the Government penitentiary at Leavenworth.
He is everywhere recognized as an authority ‘on
penology. and recently expressed himself as fol-
lows: ’

After having spent forty years of my life in
the management of prisons, and fourteen years
constantly in charge of the Federal prison at
Leavenworth, I am convinced that the system
is wrong. -

The theory of the law is to punish the culprit.
As a matter of fact, in the administration of the
law it is not the prisoner who suffers nearly so
much as the innocent wives and children left be-
him absolutely at the mercy of the world.-

When the bread-winner of the family is con-
victed in the courts and he is sent to prison to pay
the penalty, his wife and children are left help-
less

The scientists are taxed to provide the most
improved facilities tor guarding his welfare. The
food he is given is always wholesome and
scrupulously clean. The task of the manage-
ment is to provide tasks for him, that will fit
him to battle with the world when he emerges.

But not one thought does the government
give to the despondent wife and the. daughters
who may be entering womanhood, and who,until
the head of the family came into contact with
thelaw, may never have had to struggle for a
livelihood. : ‘

Work should be provided inside the prison
walls for all the prisoners, so that theéy could
earn something. The earning, of course, should
not go to them. The earningsshould becared
for by the officials, and form a fund that should
go toward the support of the families of the men.

Thus while the man was serving his tims he
would know the fruits of his labor were going to
provide for his family, deprived by law of his
help. He would know that not one cent would
go to enrich the coffers of the man who, because
of his influence, makes a profitable contract with
the state, and for a ridiculously small sum owns
the output of the priscner’s labor.

Ot course such a plan would meet with dis-
approval of demagogues, but honest labor would
not object to competition such as this, when the
fruits of prison labor went directly towards
relieving actual want, and did not go to create
the fortunes of those who wax fat on the pri-
soner’s labor.

Ty Cobb has broken into the boxing game.
He bested Battling Hadley of Wilkes Barre
last Friday in a ten round bout.

