---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_147.jpg
---
SO

Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. 2

HEALTH IN PRISON
Simple Rules to Keepv the Body and

Mind in Trim

HE following article taken from a recent
number of Good Words, the Atlanta prison
publication, is reprinted here, as being of partic-
ular interest and value to the men in this insti-

tution:
Prisoners watch their health with a peculiar

anxiety, and incline to exaggerate small ailments.
Each man fears he may die in his cell—a fear
additional to the common dread of death. But
this has the advantage ot prompting him tetake
good care of himself; and not a few prisoners,
for all the adverse surroundings, leave the pris-
on better in health than they entered it

Note, first, that health does not depend on
drug taking—though many, to their undoing,
imagine otherwise. True, drugs have their place,
not unimportant, but subordinate. Let us take
the broad view of the whole theme of hygienic
life, taking account not only of the physical and
material, but of the psychological, functional
and automatic ones also.

1. Psychological —As the steam boiler needs
fuel, so does our physical body need food The
engineer guides the work of the boiler, and our
mind that of the body. But with the mind not
in the right condition, we fail to relish or assim-
ilate our food, Therefore, as a first step to
health, study and discipline your mind

You are what you are, and wish to be. no one
else—therefore make the best of yourself Use
your own spiritual force, which you alone can
control Say to yourself, “‘I am part of the
great spiritual whole. I will maintain my seren-
ity in no matter what pain or trouble. I will be
in good health! I am greater than circumstances!”
Breathe into your mental self—into your being
—your own conquering spirit Be a man, for
God is man’s God.

2. Functional.—-A law of healthy existence is,
that no natural function can be preserved with-
out exercising it. This applies to the brain and
nerve system, the muscular system, and lym-
phatic and blood-circulating systems, the gland-
ular system, the teeth—and so on.

As eternal vigilance is the price of liberty, so
is eternal exercise and use of bodily functions
the price of functional health; and combination
of healthy functions constitutes a healthy body.
Any one function allowed to lapse causes a minor
penalty; many, general ill-health.

Even gland and nerve center functions, which
act automatically to produce internal secre-
tions absolutely essential to health, or which
control action (as of the heart, respiration and
temperature). require a constant healthy blood
supply and removal of waste by the lymphatics.

If an ageing man fails to use his brain, it ear-
lier lapses into senility. A sedentary man’s
muscles grow flabby and his body falls out of
shape. Teeth without coarse food to grind, de-

THE UMPIRE

WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 19, 1913

cay; hair unexposed to the air, sun and rain falls
out, and so forth.

All people who live the simple life, eating
coarse, plain food and taking plenty of open-air
exercise, are wonderfully vital and healthy.

By neglect of these general principles, civiliza-
tion grows at the top but decays at the bottom.
It shoots up, sloughs off above, while the
semi-savage and peasant people fall in line be-
low, and in their turn grow up and topple over.
Such, throughout history, has been the rise and
fall of nations.

From the above we may draw two lessons:
First the value of natural exercise in the open.
Second the use of natural, simple, coarse food.

We hardly realize how limited is the control
of our will over our living and health. Regard-
less of any thinking of ours, the heart beats
about 70 times a minute; we draw our breath
about 18 times a minute, and be the weather hot
or cold, 98 degre=s Fahrenheit is the average
temperature of our bodies. The digestion and
asssimilation of food goes on, with a worm-like
movement of stomach and intestines: the forty
or more glands of the of the body are man-
ufacturing their own peculiar chemical sub-
stances to be poured into the blood or other parts
of the human mechanism—each one of these
substances essential to life and health. Thus

‘our bodies constitute a mechanical and chemical

laboratory, compared with which our artificial
apparatus is absurdly clumsy and inefficient.
Such is the automatic process of life.

What we have to do—all we can do—is to
keep a normal state of mind, to exeicise the
limbs of the body, and to eat so as to maintain, in
their highest perfection of function, tbe unob-
trusive contributors to our being. The main
factor in their preservation is to supply our-
selves with pure, clean blood. This we can do.
Nature grows the plants, we must water and
fertilize the garden. We may run pure blood
into our brains and so promote high thought,
(viz: the brain controls the quality of the blood
supply; the blood supply controls the action of
the brain; all moves in a cycle. The spiritual
is captain af the physical).

3. Material.—Important hints for perserva-
tion of bodily health may be gathered from
accepted principles of the evolution of the hu-
man race.

Every departure from natural laws carries a
penalty. As a race we must live along the lines
of our primary evolution. Mentally and spirit-
ually we progress, but physically we are in the
main chained to the conditions precribed by the
environment under which our evolution took
place.

The following points may be noticed :

(a) Deep breathing—The early men lived in
the open air. Get all the fresh air you can.
But, even as when Mahomet went to the moun-
tain when the mountain would not come to
him, so, if you can not go out to the fresh air,
you may get some fresh air to come to you

Adopt the habit of ‘‘ deep breathing.” Stand

NI S ROT RS G ol S e b
Printed and Published

By Inmates of the E.S.P.

_Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 36

erect ; breathe in to your utmost and inmost:
let the air out of your lungs slowly; repeat this
a dozen times in succession , ‘and thrice daily.
You may as well close your eyes and repeat the
words, ‘I will be well!”’

(b) Calisthenice—The early man, except
when he was asleep or eating, was in constant
pursuit of food, and thus in continual move-
ment. Exercise is essential to our health. You
may be in a tailor shop, the stone-shed, or at
clerical work—in any case, adopt in your cell a
routine of calisthenics for morning, noon and
night Persist, and you will be astonished to
see the improvement in both muscle and health.
Though the number of individual muscle-fibers
remain always the same, exercise enlarges each
fiber. ;

(¢) Skin Stimulation; Cleanliness—In our
evolution, the hairy covering of the body dimin-
ished as clothing was adopted. Hence, our skin
should be frequently exposed to moving fresh
air. When opportune, take a good ‘“‘rub-down”
after wetting the body with water and drying
off with a towel. If the weather is hot the
outer moving air cools the skin by evaporating
the moisture: if cold, it stimulates the skin and
excites the activities of the body. He who, by
night or by day, coddles himself in too much
clothing gets sickly. The skin needs circulating
air.

(d) Diet—Early man used general diet—he
He ate roots, grain, fruits,
eggs, fish and meat. We have both cutting
and grinding teeth. Out digestive tract and
digestive fluids are adapted to mixed diet—
starches, sugars, fats and meats Avoid ‘' no-
tions "' about diets: do not have fads: Eat a
little of anything you can get, the greater vari-
ety the better. In the very food you avoid
may be the particular element (iodine, arsenic,
iron, flourine, lime, phosphorus, potash, soda,
etc.,) that your system needs. Your own intelli-
gence cannot help you here. In avoiding a
mixed diet you have broken a natural law. No
artificial substitutes called medicines can replace
these elements in their form. Man cannot imi-
tate Natural chemistry.

Food-stuffs are divided scientifically into pro-
teids, fats and carbohydrates. The proteids in-
clude meats, eggs, milk, and the vegetable pro-
teids found in peas, and beans and other lentils.
Fats include fat of meat, nut oils, olive oil, cot-
ton seed oil, peanut oil, etc. Carbohydrades in-
clude starches, sugars, and also cereals and veg-
etables, wheat, corn, rice, potatoes, tapioco, etc.

As a rule, the normal man requires, to keep
his health, about equal parts of proteids, fats
and carbohydrates. The important thing is

that food shall be savory or appetizing of about
equal parts of meats, fats, and starches and
sugars, and to the proper amount. As a rule we
eat a great deal to much.

Thorough chewing of food is important, not only
to sub-divide it, but to provide abundant
saliva.
pour out a copious fluid. Why?
are meant to use these functions.
fore, “ bolt "’ your food.

was omniverous.

The salivary glands are very large, and
Because you
Do not there-

