---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_148.jpg
---
(\V)

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
readers.

its

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire,
Printing Office. and handed to Overseer, who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with
the writer’s registered number.

- B 6591 :

Editor.

Wednesday, November 19, 1913
—_—

IT 1s VERY DIFFICULT for the great majority of
people to disassociate the criminal from a precon-
ceived impression of him, and imagine him as
just a plain, every-day man, with all the feel-
ings of other men. They have never seen him
behind the bars; their only idea of his personal-
ity is the one gained from the comic papers.
The fact that his clothes are not striped ; that
his head is not shaven, and that he does not
wear a ball and chain as a part of his apparel,
usually comes as a shock to those who meet
him for the first time.

It is doubtless very difficult for these good
people to imagine that the convict may have
imbued any of the moral attributes of a nor-
mal man—that he may practice love and
charity. It will therefore come to them as a
distinctive surprise, when told that in one prison
at least, the inmates have conceived, established,
and are at present maintaining a “ relief fund, ”’
having for its broad base, the universal love of
humanity, and the helping of one another. Such
is the ‘‘Chouteau Reljef Fund, ”” of the Kansas
State Penitentiary.

The object of this Fund is the care of indigent
families of the inmates. More important yet, it
is fulfilling its object. It is doing even more,
for as long as it exists, it is a standing rebuke to
those responsible for the present prison system
which throws a man into jail, and then appro-
priates the earnings of Lis labor, to the distress
of those depending upon him.

REFERRING To THE Kansas State Penitentiary
at Lansing, and its weekly publication, the
Abilene Reflector says :

Here’s something with which the news-
papermen may soothe their souls: In the
state penitentiary are about 875 prisoners.
The institution publishes a little weekly pa-
-per called “ The Penitentiary Bulletin. ”
In most states the prison paper is edited by
the prisoners, but in the Kansas institution
this is impossible because there is not an edi-
tor in the entire list. Consequently the
chaplain is compelled to add the duties of
editor to his other tasks. Is there another
state in the union where the editors are
such model citizens?

It is humbly suggested without ‘‘ malice afoie-

thought " that perhaps the dearth of editorial

material in the Kansas institution, may be due
to police dereliction, rather than to the high
state of morality of Western newspaper men.

The Editor of the UMPIRE enjoys the distinc-
tion of being the only one of this class, in a pop-
ulation of nearly 1500, but it is well known, there
are several more at least, who should be giving
this institution the benefit of their splendid
talents.

THE SAME ENTHUSIASM which attended Col.
Roosevelt on his European trip several years
ago has followed him to South America, where
he is giving the people of that country the bene-
fit of his wide experience, and it is supposed, in-
cidentally telling them how to run their govern-
ment. He has been met by enormous crowds
amid the salvos of heavy guns, and manifesta-
tions usually accorded only to monarchs.

Recently he addressed an immense audience
in Sao Paulo, Brazil, on the subject of “Char-
acter and Civilization,”” in which he defined
character, as the sum of those qualities distinct
from the purely intellectual qualities which are
essential to moral efficiency. He said:

“Reformation, courage, energy, power of self-
control, combined with fearlessness in taking the
initiative, and assuming responsibility; a just
regard for the rights of others, with unflinching
determination to succeed no matter what ob-
stacles and barriers have to be beaten down, are
all essential. There is, moreover, one other
quality too often lacking in men of high intel-
lectual ability, without which real character
cannot exist, namely: the mental gift of com-
mon sense.’’

IT 1S SUGGESTED to the men who have novel-
ties for sale, that they price their wares as low
as possible. Several criticisms have been heard
in regard to the absurdly high valuation placed
upon some articles manufacturcd by them,
and sales have been lost in consequence.  Pros-
pective customers coming here do not want to
be placed in a position of ** haggling,” and the
first price asked should be the very lowest, con-
sistent with a fair profit.

Remember, itis “ demand” which regulates

the values, and be prepared to meet it, rather
than hold your stock

EFFERVESCENCES
By Jingles

Grape juice for Germans! Who ever said Mr.
William Jennings Bryan was a German?
Poor understanding.
Said a manager of a burlesque show,
To a bow-legged girl, ‘‘you 1l have to ey,
You sing and dance as well as you should,
But your understanding is far from good.

What will the operating table come to when
the moral delinquents are brought forth to be
sliced?—Just think of the chickens, milk, rolls
and other good things that will never fall to our
lot.

Fish is a brain food; why is it so few of us
have—Oh, never mind.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 19, 1913

THE BRIDGE OF YESTERDAY

Over the bridge of yesterday,
My thoughts have turned to-night,
And out of the far off distance,
Comes a tender, glowing light.

It centers around a fiiendship,
That has lasted through time and tide.
Though the chance and change of fortune,
Has severed our pathways wide.

It may be that Earth’s to-morrow,
Hold for us no meeting place.

It may be that only in Heaven,
I shall meet you face to face.

But when mem’'ry seeks a pleasant trip,
And the choice of a pathway comes;
I choose the bridge of yesterday,
-To the days when we were chums.
—B 6679 & B 6732

There are hours of pain and sorrow,
In the seasons of our life,
There are hours of mental worry—
There are hours of mental strife.
There is often bitter anguish,
When the tears refuse to fall,
But the waiting hours for freedom,
Are the darkest of them all.
—B 676/

IVORY SOAP

(Not an Advertisement)

It is written, “while there’s life there’s hope”’
Cleanse yourself with Ivory Soap.
. To the bath-room, go you quick,
Rub yourself both good and sleek.
Flow the water to please your taste;
Do not rub in any haste.
Rubbing hard to make a foam,
Think of the day when you'll go home.
Tho’ the Fates appear unkind,
And you've left your hopes behind,
Think of others, tho’ they're free,
No Warden hands them [vor-e-e.
Think of the motto, ‘“Look upand Hope,"”
Then away to the bath—use Ivory Soap.
—B 68156

JINGLES SAYS

You will not be arrested for doing any of the
following:

Breaking into - - - Society
Holding-up=—2- the baby
Pickingilctofun e o your way
Stealingfiaiaia s - hearts

Killing- == secies time
Strikingisaie i S8 a balance
Horging -iooea iz ahead

Bt in o S ESSS S candles
Smiashing st the record
Poaching —o -t ¢ eggs
Trespassing - - - - on good nature
Shogting st the chutes
Cheatig 2-=r the undertaker
Takinosse i offense

Beating

