---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_149.jpg
---
R T T

e

L

R

3 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 19, 1913

MORAL ESSAYS

By B 6594

TELLING LIES

Lying, common though it be, is denounced
even by the liar himself. He protests that he is
speaking the truth, for he knows that truth is
universally respected, while lying is universally
condemned. Lying is not only dishonest, but
cowardly.

The Good Book tells us that the ‘“‘Cretiansare
always liars.” We are not living in Crete but in
the United States—the land of the Divine Gos-
pel, and millions of people engaged in business
or other avocations are ready to tell a lie in
order to gain wealth, popularity, political power,
fame, etc. They generally succeed for a while,
but, the day of reckoning generally comes where
restitution must be made either in this world . or
in the next.

Dare to be true, nothing can ever need a lie.
The most mischievous liars are those who keep
on the verge of Truth. They have not the cour-
age to speak out the fact, but go round about it,
and tell what is really untrue. A lie which is
half the truth is the worst ot all lies.

A duplicity of life is quite as bad as a verbal
falsehood. Actions have as plain a voice as
words. The mean man is false to his profession.
He evades the truth that he professes to believe.
He plays a double dealing. He wants sincerity
and veracity. He often tells a lie over and over
again until he himself believes it true.

The sincere man speaks as he thinks, believes
as he pretends to believe, acts as he professes to
act, and performs as he promises.

Other forms of practical contradiction are
common, some are intolerantly liberal; others
are ferocious advocates of peace, or intemper-
ate on intemperance. You and I have known
pleaders of generosity who were themselves mis-
erably stingy. We have heard and known per-
sons who have been wonderful sticklers for “the
Truth”—and yet they have not regarded the
truth in buying and selling, or with regard to
the reputations of their neighbors, or the inci-
dents of domestic, social or political life.

It seems that lying is one of the most common
and conventional of vices It prevails every-
where. In society, not at home is the fashion-
able mode of reply to a visitor. In business or
professions, ot in, is the courteous reply, when
inquiry is made to see the “boss,’”’ proprietor or
the head of the concern. So in every phase of
secular life and busimess merchandising you
will find the lie preferable to the truth. The
only reason is, I sometimes think, that most
people suppose lying to be necessary to carry on
human affairs that they so tactily agree to.
They think one lie may be considered harmless,
another slight, or what many call a “white lie,”
so precious to many

In these days of enlightened civilization, with
exhortations, expositions of characters such
as Ananias and Sapphira and others, brought to
our hearts and memory, we still go on, and if
we are caught in any prevarications, we generally
say, ‘“‘we did not mean to lie, it was uninten-

tional.”” Little lies are common. However tol-

erated, lying is more or less loathsome to every

pure minded man or woman.

Lies, may be light and accidental, but they
are an ugly soot from the smoke of the pit, and
it is better that our hearts should be swept clean
of them, without our care as to which is the
largest or blackest. Never lie, as “lying lips are
abomination to the Lord.”

PRISON INSANITY

That there is a considerable amount of abnor-
mal mentality in every jail is a matter of obser-
vation. Many authorities believe that there is
a causal relation here and that some prisoners
are driven to insanity by their prison life. This,
however, is not the case, according to Dr. Paul
E. Bowers, of the Indiana Hospital for the Insane,
who has investigated the matter with some care.

Insane prisoners, he says, were either insane
when received or were potentially insane.
Confinement may have developed the trouble,
but did not cause it. Jails are ‘‘social clearing
houses;”” in them accumulate the dregs—the
part of society whose inherited and acquired
traits steer them straight for the prison. The pri-
son does not bestow these traits upon them any
more than the magnetic pole excites in the mag-
net its susceptibility to the north-and-south dj-
rection.

He further says, “I would rather dissipate
the prevalent idea that prison life of itself pro
duces insanity.” The burden of proof is with those
who support this theory, but the preponderance
of evidence is against such hypothesis, for the
alleged . . . factors—worry, remorse for crime
apprehension, and introspection—exert but little
influence on the . . . convicts who develop
sanities.

in-

“The insane criminals are recruited from the
ranks of the rescidivists. who do not mentally
suffer because their neural organizations are be-
low par, and their normal and ethical senses are
blunted and poorly developed.

‘This being true, it is rather difficult to accept
the theory that prison lifeitself causes insanity.

FOR_.SALE—JTancy toothbické, 725 Centsi-éach
or will close out entire stock of 100 for $14.00
B 3925, Sixth Block.

FOR SALE—Beautiful inlaid boxes with pearl
decorations; all sizes, for all purposes. Will
sell to inmates at $1.00 to $3.00, according to
size. B 5649, Seventh Block.

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies, all sizes and
colors. Will make shawls of any color upon
order of same. All orders will be filled
promptly up to December 20. Send Your
orders in now, also mention color, if you pre-
fer any special color. Yeap, B6031, Sixth
Gallery.

FOR SALE—Cards, all hand work, with fancy
designs, birds, flowers etc., also Christmas
and New Years Cards, with your name and
address penned on same. Price 50 cents per
dozen. Jingles, Eighth Block.

FOR SALE—Shults’ vest pocket Higher Mathe-
matics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block.
FOR SALE—Handsomely designed tidies and

shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery
FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth
Block.

WANTED—Numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, vol-
ume 2, of the UMPIRE. Any one having these
numbers to spare, kindly send to Printing
Office.

SAID TO BE FUNNY

‘Let us be thankful for occasional visits from.
the man who sees the funny side of things.

Ducky—Blink doesn’t look like an actor, does
he?

Yeap—Naw, and he don’t act like one nuther-

*
* £

‘“ Gawge Henery, what’s a alibi? "’

‘“Dat’s provin’ dat yo’ was at a prayer-meet-
in’ whar yo' wasn’t in order to show dat you
wasn’t at a crap game whar yo' was. ”’

*
*

%
“How in the world will you dig up more evi-
dence to get me a new trial? ' said Slay.
“Don’t worry about that,’” replied the law-
yer. ‘‘All you have to do, is to dig up more
money. "’

*
% *

“ Say Timmie, I had me pictur’ took de other
day.’ said Blink.

“Who on earth would take a thing like that?”
replied Timmie.

£ = ES

“ My boy, when I was your age, 1 thought
like you, that I knew it all, but now, '’ said
Dad, “I have reached the conclusion that I
know nothing.”’

“H’'m,” said Jerry, ¢ I reached that conclus-
jon about you long ago.”’

*
£ £

“ Eddie my dear, what are you crying for,
said a lady to her little boy who had just return-
ed from church.

“ Because the minister says, we all must be
born over again, and I'm afraid I shall be born
a girl the next time. "

1y

*
* %

Little things in life remind us
We must buy shoes and clothes.
What a little thing can cost him,
No one but a father knows.
X
% ES
Sadie is nothing, if not tactful. Not long ago
someone asked her what she thought of “* Blink.”
She hesitated a moment, and then replied :
“Well, if I were out fishing, and I caught

him, I should put him back. "
Neighbor—And how's yer guid man this morn-
in’, Mrs. Tamson?
Mrs. Tamson—He deed last nicht.
Neighbor—I'm real sorry to hear that.
Ye'll no remember if he happened to say ony-
thing about a pot o’ green paint before he slip-
pet awa’

3
% %

Miss Muffit had recently joined the “ Band of
Sisters for Befriending Burglars "’ and was being
shown over a prison for the first time.

One prisoner, evidently a man of education,
interested her more than the others. He rose,
and bowed to her when she entered his cell,
apologizing for the poorness of his apartment.

Miss Muffit could not help wondering how this
refined man came within the clutches of the law.
In fact, as she was leaving his cell she said :
“May I ask why you are in this distressing
place? ”

“Madam, I am here for robbery at a seaside
hotel!”’

“How very interesting!’ said Miss Muffit.
“ Were you—er—the proprietor? "

