---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_150.jpg
---
N

TALKED ABOUT

[

Western turkeys are quoted in this city at 32
cents a pound. No, thank you.

2000 convicts of the San Quentin prison, all
garbed in new gray cadetsuits, stood and watch-
ed a huge bonfire destroying the old striped un-
iforms just discarded, while the prison band
added to the enthusiasm manifested at this his-
toric event.

Ducky Las entirely recoveredfrom his distress-
ing accident of last summer and is now at work.
During his enforced idleness, he designed a new
“ball,”’ said to be the most elusive ever intro-
duced in a ball game. He calls it the ‘‘Valve
twist,”’ and has joined the plumbing crowd in
order to bring it to a high state of perfection.

Warden Francis of the Western Penitentiary,
without any aid, took five prisoners, “(despera-
does”) to the new prison site in Center county.
They were “on honor,” and wore no shackles,.
Mr, Francis says he proposes to take a car load
there, in the same way, very shortly.

It is reported, that notwithstanding the enor-
mous seating capacity of the New York Polo
grounds, where provision has been made for 45
000 spectators of the Army—Navy football game,
this number is entirely inadequate, and fully

thirty thousand applicants for tickets have been
refused.

A life-time man here, B4545, has just com-
pleted and had printed and bound, a compila-
tion of difficult mathematical problems, with
their answers fully worked out, which he is of-
fering for sale at 25 cents each. The proceeds
of the sale are to go toward the expenses inci-
dental to an application for his pardon. He ex-

pects a generous demand for his ‘“ Vest Pocket
Mathematics.”’

The UwmPIRE would be glad to hear from

B 6171 with some more of his dialect prose or
verse.

It is expected that about 250 men from the
Western Penitentiary will make application for
parole, to the State Board to-day. Arrange-
ments have been made by which all of those pa-
roled who cannot secure sponsors and employ-
ment otherwise, will be furnished with work on
the new prison building.

An interesting news item is headed “How
Can I Invest $500 "’ The question agitating the

most of us is “Where can I Find $500 to
Invest?”

It occurs to me that one of the strongest in-
fluences that can be brought to bear on the
Parole Board, is the Cha plain’s report, that the
man in question has established an account for
himself in a savings fund. Such an account is a
wholesome indication of a step toward good
citizenship.

A dastardly outrage was perpetrated upon one
of the UMPIRE’S most valued contributors, one
day last week, when Jingles was verbally ejected
from the culinary department of this institu-
tion where he had gone upon a special assign-
ment by direction of the Editor. His feel-
ings were badly lacerated in the encounter with
the Boss Chef, and at first he entertained seri-

ous thoughts of a suit for damages. His news-
paper instincts prevailed, however, and he at
once evolved a plan to outwit the Cook and
secure the information he was sent for. The
following day, he disguised himself as a * ham,”
and bribed a lugger to carry him into the sacred
precincts of the kitchen. Once there, he used
all five of the senses with which nature endowed
him, thus enabling him to gather a full report
ot the proceedings in the domains of the cook.
Jingles is now busily engage in the preparation
of an account of his adventure, which he prom-
ises will contain some spicy reading.

In the Jefferson City (Missouri) prison 1695
men and 44 women are engaged in making
shoes, clothing, brooms, saddlery and leather
findings. These .industries are controlled by
contractors, who pay the state 70 cents a day
for the able-bodied men, and 50 cents a day for
46 ““ cripples,” and the 44 women.

They manufactured during the year 1912,
goods valued at $4,294,494, out of which the
contractors only turned into the State treasury
$362,228. This was less than 814 per cent. for
the labor.

Two women underwent voluntary imprison-
ment in the Auburn institution lately with a
view of obtaining inside information upon con-
ditions among the womnien there. They praise
the management, but condemn the system.
Most glaring faults discovered were that the in-
mates are only allowed one little stingy towel a
week, and can talk with each other only fifteen
minutes during the day. This is certainly hard
on the women.

The Umpire Word Contest is going along
splendidly, and many lists coming in. It is very
gratifying to note that the lists evidence more
care in the preparation, and are in every way of
a higher class than those submitted in the con-
test of the previous month. This is very en-
couraging, and we want a great many more.
This is the last week, asall lists must be in by
November 26, so you want to get busy at once.

Advertisements for the UMPIRE must be sent
through Overseers the same as any other con-
tributions. The Editor will be glad to do any-
thing to promote the sale of goods, but all trans-
actions must accord with institution rules.

The frequent lashings of convicts in New
Castle Delaware, haslately received wide-spread
notice, with the effect that a resolution was jn-
troduced in Congress requesting the Attorney
General to take action to secure an injunction
against the Delaware authorities pirohibiting

them from the the use of the whipping post. .

For want of a quorem, the resolution went
over, but the Attorney General learning of it,
at once gave it as his opinion, that the Fede-
ral Government could not take any action in the
matter under the Constitutional Amendment,
prohibiting, “cruel and inhuman punishment,”’
for the reason the United States could only en-
force the Amendment in its application to Fed-

eral cases.
There is gloom upon the Store house,

“Jimmy” Loan is rushed with work,
For Albert is about to leave him,

And he loses a dang good clerk.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 19, 1913

: CHOUTEAU RELIEF
A Fund Conceived, Established and

Maintained by Prisoners in
Kansas Penitentiary

When a man with family is taken in custody
by the state, and takento prison, often the
family is left in destitute circumstances. Many
times the children are small and unable to be
breadwinners, thus throwing a heavy burden up-
on the unfortunate mother.

The state makes no provision to speak of, for
the care of the helpless family. The amount given
by the average board of county commissioners
is very meager, and frequently instead of help-
ing them they donate a little money to get the
family away and off their hands. Sometimes these
families come to Lansing, andare stranded and
in a destitute condition. One family on arriving
here, consisting of a wife and two children. be-
sidesa sister of the man in custody, who also had
a child, making a family of five to be supported
It was necessary for them to appeal to the autho
rities for aid. Even the drayage of their baggage
had to be paid for by the deputy warden.

The Chouteau Relief Fund came to this unfor-
tunate family’s rescue. Their rent was paid,and
their groceries furnished until the husband was
released from prison. Had it not been for this
fund the family would have suffered. This is on-
ly one case of many that this association hasas-
sisted

This fund was established January 27, 1910,
with a donation of $103.50 by a prisoner, Gerard
M. Chouteau, for whom the society is named.
The management is under the supervision of the
prison authorities. The Fund is maintained by
gifts from prisoners and others, and by sale of
souvenirs and trinkets made chiefly by the pri-
soners. Occasionally those who have been help-
ed by the fund become able later to repay what
has been given to them.

The need of such a fund is very apparent. Wo-
men suddenly deprived of a husband’s assistance
have overworked caring for little ones until they
broke down. Children have died for lack of nou-
rishment; have beeu hungry and cold, and kept
out of school because of lack of clothes and books.
Some have learned evil ways leading to more
lawlessness. Wives have become discouraged, *
and in some cases, have gone into evil ways, or
have obtained divorces, breaking homes, and
leaving the erring, lonely prisoner to grieve and
grow bitter, and go out in time with no home to
go to, no wife and children to care for, the re-
sponsibility for whom would keep him in indus-
try and sobriety.

The Penitentiary Bulletin.

Little Joe and his Orchestra are quite deserv-
ing of all the praise being bestowed upon them.
Their work not only shows constant improve-
ment, but the selections indicate a creditable
appreciation of the tastes of the men, and are
splendidly rendered. The entertainments they
are now giving, go off with all of the vim usual
to professionally trained musicians.

Mr. Hammerstein will be after this *“ bunch *’
yet.

Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work
in hand. The sun’srays do not burn until
brought to a focus. —Alexander C. Bell

