---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_151.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

VOL. 2

1intn Others

@ SONG of those within the desert places—
The dull, the strange, the erring of all lands,
Who face the future with despairing faces,
And stretch forth pleading, unavailing hands.

The heirs of poverty, the slaves of weakness,
The arrogant who will not heed commands;
The spiritless who wear a coward’s meekness,

The desperate who spill life’s creeping sands.

Oh! holders of the prized and vaniage places,
Oh! holders of the peaceful, happy days,
Oh! scions of the wise and favored races,

Oh! revelers along the sunny ways—

T beg a moment's pause, with earnest faces,
- That common blood and Fatherhood demands;
A prayer for those within dreary places -
Who stretch forth pleading, unavailing hands.
—Collier's

THANKSGIVING DAY
7 Its Origin ;

THE practice of setting apart a day to be
observed in general thanksgiving to the
Creator for the blessings of the year is distinctly
an American custom. It is an annual festival
designated by the President, and Governors of
the several states by proclamation and is usually
held on the last Thursday of November. 3

It was first celebrated by the Plymouth Col-
ony, those early settlers of the country, in 1621,
and gradually became general in what was then
known as New England. After the Revolution
the custom slowly extended to the Middle States,
and later to the West, and more slowly to the
South. Abraham Lincoln was the first President
to recommend its observance in 1863, since
which time, successive Presidents have contin-
ued the custom, giving it National importance.

The reasons for its first observance vary, but
were evidently the out growth of the intensely
religious character of the Puritans, or first set-
tlers. Religion entered into their everyday life
in a manner which is difficult for the present
generation to understand or appreciate. They
lived close to God, and ealled upon Him almost
incessantly for their slightest needs. The grant-
ing of these prayers was devoutly acknowledged
by services of praise and thanksgiving, while the
withholding of them was borne meekly as a just-
ifiable retribution for misdeeds.

The first settlers coming over inthe Mayflow-
er, and landing at Plymouth Rock, formed their
little colony on the sandy and unproductive

WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 26, 1913

Printed and Published
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO, 37

New England coast. Fear of the Indians further
inland, restricted any attempts by them to seek
a more fertile country, and as a result, their
crops were always meager, and at times failed
entirely. They landed in this country illy pre-
pared to take up husbandry, and were entirely
without seeds or farming implements. A few
friendly Indians gave them a small quantity of
corn for planting purposes, and this they culti-
vated assiduously, but the soil was not suitable,
and poor returns for their labor was the result.
The story runs, that they were facing utter
famine: the last grain of corn had been eaten,
a heavy snow covered the ground, and the mem-
bers were all pitifully weakened from lack of food,

‘and the bitter cold. They had assembled .in

their principal house to hear suggestions, and
take measures to relieve their own distress. It
was proposed, that notwithstanding the rigorsof
the weather, and probable danger of meeting
with hostile Indians, that a party of the younger
men, should goout, penetrate into the woodland
some miles in the interior, and endeavor to kill
some wild fowls or animals upon which they
might subsist for a while at least.

Six of the hardiest of the young men volun-
teered for thisservice and after spending some
hours in prayer, departed with the blessings of
those who remained behind. They had not pro-
gressed many miles, when afar off on the brow
of a hill they discerned a movement indicating
life, and wa tching yet closer, they made out the
forms of huge birds.

Using extreme care, they gradually approach-
ed, the fowls without giving them fright, until
close enough to safely venture to discharge their
ungainly blunderbusses into the flock. ~ Taking
careful aim, for they fully realized that the lives
of those awaiting for them were in the balance
with their success, they fired their pieces, with
the result that a number of large plump wild
turkeys came tumbling around on the snow cov-
ered earth before them.

As they stood in the midst of the huge feath-
ered creatures, their beautiful plumage staining
with blood, and watched their convulsive move-
ments becoming slower and slower, their religious
fervor overcame their lust of slaughter, and
knowing that the immediate wants of their

friends would be satisfied with the fruits of their

first shots, they desisted from continuing the
hunt, and decided to return.

Distributing the burden between them, they
hurried back to the Colony, where they were
met with loud acclamations of joy. Notwith-
standing the dreadful hunger affecting them all,
the Governor had them fall upon their knees at
once and offer a prayer of thanksgiving for this
Divine relief.

And, so it is said, on the anniversary of this
day everafterward special prayers were ordered,
from which the custom grew, and extended to
all parts of the United States, and into those
countries where any little party of Americans
may be assembled on that day.

THANKSGIVING DINNER

THE “ROAST”

IEUT. Bausewine lays the spread of crime to

the Parole system. He declares the release

of convicts is responsible for the increase in rob-
beries.

He sdys, “you can’t cure a crook. Most
of them when they get out feel the itch for easy
money and succumb to it. Recently the down-
town section has become a rendevouz for the
men of the underworld and I have been able to
observe the effects of the parole system. I

.don’t like the looks of it, and I don’t mind

your saying so in the biggest type you've got.”

“Treat them like crimlnals that they are, and
give thern every punishment that is coming to
them, because fear, after all is about the only
emotion they know.” »

The Bulletin say :

The coincidence between the numerous releas-
es of State prisoners on paroleé and the increase
of serious criminality in the city, which Lieut-
Bausewine of the police notes, compare suffi-
ciently with the thought of not a few citizens in
regard to such a general prison delivery, that
the advocacy of the parole system, as well as
the general interest in the safety of the commu-
nity, calls for a special effort to determine the
facts. Something of a miracle in the way of pri-
son administration must have been accomplish-
ed if such a depopulation of the prisons can take
place without a greater or less number of the
liberated offenders returning to their old pur-
suits of crime. Good behavior in prison cannot
always be accepted as the sure sign of moral re-
formation and there is always danger that a
shrewd criminal will grasp his cue and earn the
good graces of a lenient keeper, which is certain
to be increased if there is the certain incentive
of a statutory promise of parole at the end ot
two-thirds of the court’s sentence.

The possibility of reform is not to be challeng-
ed. The law would be a (ailure if sentences were
wholly punitive. Not every offender repeats his
misstep. Wholesale parole. such as now, is
an entirely different proposition. from that of
pardon. Reduction in prison terms apparently
becomes the rule. Extraordinary evidence of
accomplished reform no longer seems to be nec-
essary. Ordinary compliance with prison rules
and obedient demeanor seem to be convincing.
When prisoners by the hundred sentenced to
terms varying from a few years to life, are de-
clared qualified for release, their cases and their
merits cannot be said to be exceptional.

Referring to the above Mr. Robert A. Bal-
four one of the Prison Inspectors, said, ‘‘that the
results obtained by the parole system entirely
confirmed the wisdom of it. The careful obser-
vation of the prisoners in general showed which
ones were worthy of parole, would keep, it and
the monthly reports by themselves and their
sponsors gave them little opportunity to break
the terms of their release. The few cases
which have proven failures were probably caused
by the hounding of the prisoners by unsympa-
thetic officers of the law. The parole system is
the most humane that has ever Been devised.
I differ absolutely with the police on this ques-
tion."”’
