---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_152.jpg
---
2 THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 26, 1913

e N S A e s R gty S S O B e S BB P il Sl e
e e ———————————————————————————————————ee e

THE UMPIRE

and entertainment of its

Devoted to the interests
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire,
Printing Office. and handed to Overseer, who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be siened with
the writer’s registered number.

B 6591 :

Editor.

‘Wednesday, November 26, 1913
%

Thankful?

Wherein are we worse off than the sailor on the

THANKSGIVING DAY in prison!
sea; the keeper in the lighthouse, the digger in
the mines; the weather observer on Pike's Peak;
the lumberman in the camp; the forester in the
great western woods, or that pathetic creature,
the man without a home? We have much to
be thankful for, despite our position, and if we
“have not more; if we have not freedom; let us be
honest with ourselves at least, and admit that
the fault lies with us alone.

We should be thankful, for the health and
strength with which the most of us are blessed.

We should be thankful for the many little
kindly acts, and courtesies we are constantly re-
‘ceiving one from the other.

We should be thankful, that since it was our
lot to be imprisoned at all, that circumstances
and a wise judge decreed that it should be in
this institution, where kindliness is the key-note,
and intelligent, sympathetic care is constant.
Where love of humanity is taught, and practic-
ed; where the rigors of the law are softened as
‘much as may be, and where a man is treated as
a human being, and not as a piece of Society's
discarded junk. Certainly we should be thank-

ful for the Warden.

We should be thankful for the officers, from
the Chaplain down to the newest ‘“‘night hawk,”
for there is none of us, who has not at some time
received favor at their hands, while courtesy
from them has become so usual, we are at times
in danger of forgetting its priceless value.
~ We should be thankful for the “King's Daugh-
ters,” that band of gentle ladies who - are doing
so much for the inmates in a quiet but none the
less effective way. We should be thankful for
the time they spare in maintaining a correspon-
dence with us, designed to keep us in touch with
the outside world, and the many good people in
it. For their individual contributions to the
creature comforts of so many of the men and

women, as well as for the words of cheer and
hope they bring us from time to time.

We should be thankful for the many Christian
visitors who give so much of their time and la-

bor in efforts to make our lives better and bright-

er; who in summer and winter; sunshine and
storm, never fail in their self-appointed task of
providing our Sabbath services.

We should be thankful for the constancy and
faith of those we have left without the walls.

We should be thankful for the joy of living.

We should be thankful that we have bread to
eat. '

We should be thankful for the privilege of
work.

And after we have communed with ourselves,
and admitted just how many things we have
to be thankful for, let us pause, and offer just a

little prayer of thanksgiving for—Mrs. Fassitt.

A POLICE LIEUTENANT smarting under the crit-
icism of reports of six murders and over two
hundred cases of robbery in his district since
last July lays the blame to the * wholesale jail
He

doesn’t believe in the reformation of criminals,

’

delivery "’ from this place last month.

<

and says “once a crook, always a crook.”
“Give them the limit, "’ he says, ‘ for fear is
the only emotion they are capable of feeling. "

The lieutenant entirely overlooks the fact
that it is just as important for a policeman to
prevent disorder and crime, as it is to apprehend
been

the criminal after misdeeds have com-

mitted. The best policeman is the one from
whose district comes the least frequent com-
plaints, and from the officer’s own admissions,
it would appear that there are excellent reasons

apart from the alleged actions of paroled men,

for the criticisms ot his department which have

excited his anger.

FOR DESSERT

Unless your thanksgiving be from the heart,
it is void and empty.

Not a full purse, buta full life gives to one
the material for thankfulness.

Let it not be forgotten that the best sauces
for the Thanksgiving dinner are love and gen-
tleness.

Thanksgiving is saddened for the mother if
evenone of her living be missing from' the fold.

He who cannot be thankful in adversity
stands convicted of selfishness.

On this day let us remember that the germ
of misery is oftener found in wine than in water,

The prayer that springs from the heart never
fails to carry all the way to Heaven.

It were better to have a little to be thankful
for, than to have lost the will to be thankful for
even a little. Sy

Some men fall in love and never get on their
feet again.

Many a girl deludes herself with the belicf
that she has completed her education before she
marrieés

A curious thing about horses is that those you
bet on generally cost you more than those you
buy. —The Cockerel

Wines—OLD PORT—Ree

THE HOLIDAY SEASON

The holiday season is coming,
Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year,

Our friends will come a-running,
To infuse in us good cheer,

There’s no reason to be sad or dreary,
Better days are coming never fear,

Why should you be lonesome and weary,
Just think of the good things right here?

Apples, roast pork and Dutch cake!
We all know are really quite sure.
The Band concert will surely make
You fzel quite rich—not poor.
The UMPIRE's special number,
Is bound to be a treat,
And when time comes for slumber,
You'll say, ““this can't be beat.”

And when you're gone, and far away,
Of Mackentieville you'll think,
But the honest fact, it does not pay,
Don’t let your good thoughts sink,
And when you yearn for pot-pie,
There’s Childs’ and Dennet's and Mink,
Where you can get an oyster fry,
That'll remove that aching “‘kink.”’
MoraL

But while you're here you must not fret,
Remember there are others,

Just take it calm, and you can bet, _
You’'ll cheer your scrrowing brothers.

After the storm the sun will shine,
So does the proverb read,

And everything will come out fine,

If this moral you will heed .
—Jingles

DOUBLY PERFECT i

It you will allow me to advise,
"Tis time we ceased to criticise,

The maid who flaunts before our eyes,
A skirt that's widely cleft.

Perhaps she is an awful sight,
But if we truly are polite,

We'll say she has a perfect right,

Likewise a peifect left.
— BH290

Sadie had a little man,
His given name was “Blink,”’

And every night when he came home,
He was full of Printer’s Ink.

5

b e — " " ot e ey ot e %
R g v Sl TR iy ) i e {mereteamie Lyl - — . - - i i

Sadie tired of scrubbing “Blink’"
And sent him to the Pen. _
And now every time that he comes out
She sends him back again.

RESCUE!

Ho—Ilet’s out upon the wing!
Somewhere some one'’s suffering!
Sound the gong and clear the road!
On we come with loving load.
All the drowning’s not at sea.
Some on-land poor swimmers be,
Going downward, helpless, lost,
In life’s water tempest-tost—
Lost 1or just a timely rope
Cast by love, and weft of hope!
; Selected
