---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_153.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 26, 1913

BRAIN FOOD

|

INGRATITUDE
By B 6594

From time immemorial, many of us have been
ungrateful and unthankful toward God and
man. The heart and soul and mind of man are
the same under every sky in all the varying cir-
cumstances of life; and it is indeed with reveren-
tial awe that we see, hear and must believe, how
human beings show their ingratitude in their
daily life toward their Creator and fellow-man.

Being conscious of the fact that God loves and
cares for us, even to the least event and smallest
need of life. It is a blessed thought. that from
our childhood God has been laying His fatherly
hands upon us, and always in benediction; that
even the strokes of His hands are blessings, and
among the chiefest we have ever received. When
this feeling is awakened, the heart should beat
with a pulse of thankfulness Every gift should
have its return of praise.

The ungrateful man lives in the world as if it
was made altogether for him, and not he for the
world, and yet with all this the Divine Father
has blessed him with every ‘‘ good thing need-
ful ”* from the earliest dawn of his existence.
He has watched over him asa shepherd watches
over his sheep, and yet man will show his ingrat-
itude to Him as well as to his best earthly
{riend—his mother—the dearest, sweetest friend,
that has born him into the woild; who cared
and guarded him in his childhood days to man-
hood; when he left the home fireside to try the
realities of the world, even then she gave her
good, honest, parental advice, with a mother’s
love, a mother’s prayer, and anxious tears that
never fade out during his succeeding years.
Other friends that have helped us over many
rocky and stony roads, removing many thorns
and thistles from our pathway; lending us a
helping hand in many ways. In return we have
shown our ingratitude by becoming a pest, a
monster to them, because of our unthankfulness
for what they had done. They befriended us
and yet we were greedier than the sea, and bar-
rener than the shore, a scandaland an exception
from common humanity, and upon no other ac-
count fit to live in this world but to be made an
example of God’s justice. For “men shall "be
Jovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters,
proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents un-
thankful” etc. They have forgotten that
brotherly kindness worketh no ill will to men.

Look around us almost anywhere—discontent
prevails, even among fellow prisoners—language
most unbecoming a gentleman is used among us,
cursing and swearing—the most useless, unmean-
ing and brutal of regularities. Nothing can be

so silly and unmeaning, not to say shocking, re-.

pulsive and sinful as the oaths so common in the
mouths of vulgar swearers.
Why not implant inour soul a principle,Divine

in its origin and Divine in its tendency—ever
‘bearing upward for the good and be thankful to
-God and our fellow.creatures for favors, though
small they be.

- There is true manhood in all of us. Let us be

men and show it. Manhood comes from self-

culture. Do not show your ungrateful char-
acter and conduct. Though we have erred in
the past. The future is defore us and if we do

right it will be as bright as a mid-day sun in a
cloudless sky.

MUSIC
E.S.P. BAND CONCERT

Splendid Program Arranged
For Thanksgiving

The usual Thanksgiving Day concert by the
E. S. P. Band will take place tomorrow after-
noon at 2.30 o'clock, and judging from the pro-
gram printed below, will afford a high class en-
tertainment.

PROGRAM
Entry ‘Under the Double Eagle’”” Wagner
‘“America’’
1. March “The Thunderer”’ Sousa
2:% Seleetion “Martha” Floton
3. Intermezzo  ‘‘After Sunset” A. Pryor
4. Selection ‘“‘Entering Cathedral” Wagner

5. Comic Opera Selection Sullivan
*“The Mikado”
6. Cornet Duet “Friendly Rivals” Godfrey
(Prof. Wiegandt —B5163)
7 Waltz “LLa Barcarolle’ Waldteufel
8. Rag “Knock Out Drops”’ Klickman
Final Key

“Star Spangled Banner”
THE AMERICAN TURKEY

The suggestion has been made that the Amer-
ican turkey, rather than the American eagle,
should be the emblem of our country. Per-
haps the answer should be that while the turkey
is highly satisfactory to the stomach, no bird
but the eagle could satisfy the soul.

When the Spaniards sailed into the Antilles
and landed upon one of the islands of the south
seas, they found wild turkeys plentiful. These
turkeys while not identical with the North
American fowl of the same name were of the
same family. The hungry sailors feasted and
were glad.

The turkeys indigenous to the southern coun-
tries are the Honduras and Mexican varieties,
the former being the smallest of the turky fam-
ily. In plumage they are the most beautiful of
turkeys, but they cannot be domesticated.

The scarcity of turkeys in recent years has
resulted from criminally careless management of
them. So little attention has been given to the
selecting of breeding stock that a race of weak-
lings has succeeded the robust fowls of fifty
years ago. A century ago turkeys lived the
year around on rugged mcuntain sides, resisting
the rigors of winter, the attacks of wild animals,
and often the scarcity of food. In spite of all
these things the flocks thrived.

—The people who take offense easily are kept
busy taking it.

The question for each man to settle, is not
what he would do if he had means, time, influ-
ence and educational advantages, but what he
will do with the things he has—H. W. Mabie

ENTREES

“Hullo Ducky! Got a new overcoat, I see;
what did it cost you?”
“Six mon'ts. [ ain't no chep guy, [ ain’t.”
* = ES
“] know the tango and the turkey trot, but
what is this St. Vitus?”
.‘“ It’s the one you do with the trained nurse.”

*
& 3k

“Professor, I would like to learn to play the
cornet,”” said Spider.

“H'm. Have you any qualifications?”
“Sure, I got two lungs.”
*
ES *

Blink says ‘‘ opportunity’’ never knocked him
but once, and then she knocked him down,

and he hasn’t got up since.

£
* ES

~ Ban J—* Mister Bish-up, please suh, gimme
one of dem turkey fedders outen de duster, and

I sho’ will make a Thanksgibin’ dinna’.

%
* *

Jerry trilled a bar from the “ Trail of the
Lonesome Pine,” and then remarked with a
great deal of complacency. *‘that’s harmony,
that is.”

“Agony, you mean,’

b

retorted Jimmy.

£

% %
“What's the first street car line below Mar-
ket?”’
“Chestnut.”
“ Nix, the Subway.”
ES = E3
“Don’t you think that athletics in school
make a boy stiong?”’
“Well they haven’'t made my boy strong
enough to bring up a hod of coal.”

£

£ £
The curate of a fashionable church was en-
deavoring to teach the significance of white to a
Sunday-school class.

“Why,” s2id he, “does a bride invariably de-
sire to be clothed in white at her marriage?"”’
As no one answered he explained. ‘\White,”
said he, stands for joy, and the wedding day is
the most joyous occasion of a woman’s life.”

A small boy queried: “Why do the men
all wear black?”

% & %

A funny incident was related to me by a rev-
erend gentleman in a Western town, of an Irish-
man who was a member of his congregation.
One Sunday, during a very cold winter, the coal
got extremely low and the donations were com-
ing in very slow, so the minister took the-occa-
sion to remind the members of the church that
they must have coal during the following weck,
and caid they must raise at least $75 for that
purpose.

When the minister was going home after the
service was over, he was overtaken by the little
old Irishman who commenced to talk about the
money that was to be raised for coal, and he
looked at the minister knowing
winked one eve and said, ‘‘That was a great
bluff you was giving the people today about
getting coal when ye know darn well the church
is hated by steam.”

Inga way,
