---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_154.jpg
---
AFTER DINNER CHAT ”

In the absence of real brown turkey, the UM-
PIRE is presented today in “‘turkey-brown.”

14 dead, 175 injured is the total football casu-
alties to date this season.

12,000 dozen of eggs ‘“‘made in Germany,”
arrived in Philadelphia last week, and knocked
the price of this is delightful product of the na-
tive hen down to forty cents per dozen. Eggs
can be shipped from Germany to this city in
about the same time as required by freight from
Kansas, ten days.

Our foreign friends appear to be losing their
grip at Harrisburg. Of the 17 pardons granted
by the Board last week, there was only one to
a foreigner The ratio has usually been the
other way around.

The Salvation Army has another windfall.
Mary Jane Fowler, of Liverpool has bequeathed
$450,000 to the English cause.

This occurred in Delaware, the State which
_advocates and practices the flogging of convicts:
James King, employed by the “People’s Rail-
way Company of Wilmington, as a conductor,
found a wallet containing $700, and asa re-
ward received a twenty-five cent piece, which
he is going to frame as a reminder that “honesty
is the best policy.”

A genuine “turkey trot” parade took place in
Cuero, Texas, last week, when 6,000 live tur-
keys. preceeded by the Governor of the state
stalked through the streets in droves of a hun-
dred each, behind trained leaders. One giant
bronze gobbler drew a baby carriage with a

small child passenger, and both appeared to
rather enjoy it.

There are lots of people having dead loads of
fun with criminals these days. I thought the
limit had been reached, when they began to
send them to the operating tables, but not so.
It appears that the New Jersey Legislature
passed a law in 1911 providing that convicts,
among some others, should be STERILIZED.
“Watcher know 'bout that?”’ Yes it is true,
but the Supreme Court has just set theact aside
as unconstitutional.

The World-touring baseball players of the
two big leagues have at last started on their
long trip. The first stop will be in Yokahama,
where they will be pitted against some of “‘Jap-
an’s best.”

Including the managers, players, press repre-

sentatives and others, there are 67 persons in the
party.

Prison industrial farms are being everywhere
urged as the crying need of the convict. After
it becomes general, and we have all become fat
and sleek through the wholesome effects of the
simple life, along will come the Farmer, and de-
mand its abolishment, as interfering with the
profits of the honest tiller of the soil.
shouldn’t he? If two and one-third millions of
mechanics, can secure legislation against con-
vict labor, why shouldn’t the farmers, who out-
number the mechanics four to one, secure equal
protection?

Govenor Tener will be the next president o

And why

WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 26, 1913

the National Baseball, to succed Thomas Lynch
the present incumbent. The tender of the office
was unanimous, and will be confirmed by elec-
tion next month.

The term of office will be four years, at a sal-
ary said to be in excess of $10,000 per year. The
decision meets with widespread approval of bus-
iness and baseball men

During an address the other night, Connie
Mack said that he would welcome the time whenr
a major league captured a world’s series in four
games. He said, he supposed that people would
continue to belive that the outcome of a series
was fixed, or an agreement as to the number of
games to be played reached in advance, but as a
matter of fact, there was no sport so honest as
baseball.

“Gunboat’ Smith now claims the world’s hea-
vyweight championship as a result of his victorv
over Sam Langford, the demon of the prize ring.
whom he bested after twelve rounds of grueling
battle, one night last week, in Boston.

Jack Johnson was matched last week to fight
Frank Moran in the second week of January in
Paris, for the heavyweight championship of the
world. Johnson is willing to fight Moran in de-
fense of his title on account of the recent action
of the International Boxing Union in declaring
the heavyweight title vacant. His manager de-
nies that Johnson’s re-entrance into the ring is
owing to his being “‘broke.”

The whipping post in Delaware does not seem
to act as a deterrent from crime among the na-
tives, at least, Only a few weeks ago a ‘‘crime
wave'’ struck Wilmington with so much force
that the citizens were compelled to organize pos-
ses to patrol the streets at nights. Some one
suggests that the reason proffessional yeggmen

" give the state wide berth, is because there is no-

thing worth stealing in the beautiful state of mel-
low peaches.

One man asks the UMPIRE to name those con-
stituents of beef which render it so important as
an article of food. Give it up, and pass the
query along to the Medical department.

Another one wants to know what will prevent
falling out of hair? This isalso passed up to
the Medical department, as worthy of attention.
It seems to be a condition affecting almost
everyone here, both young and old; those con-
fined entirely to their cells as well as those em-
ployed elsewhere. Some simple remedy will
be eagerly received and printed in these col-
ums for the benefit of those who need it.

Everybody is taking a whack at us as the
season approaches, when it was said, ‘‘Peace on
Earth, good will to men,” or was it to all
“‘good” men? I've forgotten, The newspapers,
police and even some lawyers are adding their
little knock, but the unkindest cut of all comes
from Mr. C. Stuart Patterson, at one time In-
spector of this institution. He is reported to
have said, that he had seen prisoners at the expir-
ation of a six years sentence, go out and com-
mit the very same sort of crime and come back
to Cherry Hill in three months. “Whipping is
the only way to keep such men out of prison,”’
is the remark attributed to him.

I don’t agree with him. If the activities of
the police were only curtailed to a greater ex-
tent than at present, we might all stay out of

jail, without the necessity for a spanking.

Strange how some people twist things around.
— Mitch

THE SMOKES

Mr. “Jimmy"’ Loan, of the Store-house has ob-
tained just 50 pounds of Prince Albert smoking
tobacco put up in 1 Ib. glass Humidors, with a
Christmas card attached, which he is selling at
the same price as in tins—68 cents per pound.

When handing in your order, specify ‘‘in glass,’”’
if you want one.

The cigar department is offering some special
cigars for Chkristmas, put up in boxes of 25, at
40c., 50c., 60., 70c., 80c., 90c., $1 00, and $1.25.

All orders for cigars must be in on or befere
December 15.

FILLING

Don’t wait for the fool killer . Do it yourself.

Most of us feel that Nature intended us for
better jobs than we get. '

Heaven would be overcrowded if we- could alt

get there with our tombstone inscriptions as pass-
ports.

The man who tries to drown his sorrows in
drink would attempt to fight fire with alcohol.

Matrimony is an important step. In fact, it

is often a whole flights.

FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS

FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, 25 cents each
or will close out entire stock of 100 for $14.00
P 3925, Sixth Block.

FOR SALE—Beautiful inlaid boxes with pear!
decorations; all sizes, for all purposes. Will
sell to inmates at $1.00 to $3.00, according to
size. B 5649, Seventh Block.

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies, all sizes and
colors. Will make shawls of any color upon
order of same. All orders wil! be filled
promptly up to December 20. Send Your
orders in now, also mention color, if you pre-
fer any special color. Yeap, B6031, Sixth
Gallery.

FOR SALE—Cards, all hand work, with fancy
designs, birds, flowers etc., also Christmas
and New Years Cards, with your name and
address penned on same. Price 50 cents per
dozen. Jingles, Eighth Block.

FOR SALE—Shults’ vest packet Higher Mathe-
matics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block.
FOR SALE—Handsomely designed tidies and

shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery :

FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth
Block.
FOR SALE-—Hair and clothes brushes © with

inlaid backs. Good material, fine work. Pri-
ces from 25 cents to $1.50. B3829, Sixth Block

FOR SALE—Silver butter and paper knives,
glove and shoe buttoners, tooth picks, etc.,
pearl handles and mountings. Just the thing
for Xmas gifts. Prices 25 cents to $1. B 3649
Fifth Block.

FOR SALE—Handsome tidies, slawls, bed
spreads, centerpieces, paintings on linen. All
done by hand. Prices range from $1.50 up-
ward. B 5323, Ninth Block.

FOR  SALE—Ball tidico shawl and o
Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth
Block.

