---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_155.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

VOL. 2

THE PRISON KITCHEN

Enormous Amount of Foodstuffs Con-
sumed Every Year—Cleanliness
the Keynote

E& ]I’\’GLES
F BY ANY chance the United States should
go to war with Mexico, the amount of food

consumed in this place in one year would feed

500,000 cf Uncle Sam'’s fighting-men for one day.

It would feed every man, woman and child, from

the Delaware River to Thirty-second street, south

of Market for one day, and then have some left
over for the Sunday Morning Breakfast As-
sociation.

625,000 pounds of beef, mutton, pork and fish
are used in this institution in one year. Fifteen
car loads of potatoes and onions; nearly 5,000
barrels of flour, 25,000 quarts of molasses, tons
~and tons of sauer kraut and cabbages; 18,250
pounds of tea and coffee; rice, barley, beans oat-
meal, all used in car load lots. Apples dried
fruits, butter, eggs, milk, lard, all are purchased,
and used in huge quantities, blissful for the store-
keeper, but rough on the State.

The amount of work necessary to keep account
of this volume of foodstuff is enormous, but so
perfect is the system, that the amount consum-
ed in any one year up to a given time, together
with the amount on hand can be ascertained in
a moment.

The preparation and cooking of this large
quantity of food also entails a great amount of
labor, yet the work in the kitchen is so arranged
that everything passes along according to sche-
dule without friction, and with the labor of but
a comparatively few men.

How many of us, when passing the kitchen re-
alize the enormous quantity of food that is pre-
pared daily for our consumption? Visitors who
are shown through the place are astonished at
the speed these few men display in preparing our
food. Of course the actual work is greatly reduced
due to the modern appliances used, which are
of the most approved type. Also the men have
long since become very accurate and efficient in
their duties, and would do justice to any of the
large hostleriesin the city, in the cooking or bak-
ing departments.

At 5.30 each morning the men are up and pre-
paring breakfast, while most of usare fast asleep.
The breakfast as we all know consists of coffee
and bread. Every day 25 pounds of coffee are
consumed, and about 15 barrels of flour a day
are used for baking the bread. Dinner is on the
trucks leading from the kitchen by 11.15 A. M.

“and wheeled up on a huge three-deck freight
truck to the Center, from which point all the
small trucks from the blocks receive their con-
signment. This meal which varies throughout the

Printed and Publlshed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 3, 1913

week usually consists of soup, meat, saurkraut,
potatoes, pork and beans, or cabbage, pot-pie
etc. It requires about 1500 pounds of meat, 25
bushels of potatoes, 15 bushels of onions, and
when rice or barley are used, about 250 pounds
of these cereals. During the 4 months that we re-
ceive tomatoes in the summer about 1400 bask-
ets are used. On days when cabbage is distribut-
ed the enormous amount of two tons, or 4,000
pounds are necessary. 375 gallons of sauerkraut
for one meal, and about 1400 pounds of half-
smokes for a Wednesday dinner. On Friday near-
ly fifteen hundred pounds of fish are used. Sun-
day pot pie consists of about 1500 pounds of
meat and potatoesand 750 pounds of baked crust.

Supper which is brought to the center in the
same manner as the other meals requires 25

pounds of tea, and when rice is on the bill of fare-

about 350 pounds is allotted for supper. Nearly
11 bushels of onions are used on evenings when
these are served.

During the week 150 bushels of potatoes are
used, and about 75 bushels of onions Syrup
which is served once a month amounts to 1500
gts. or a quart to*each man and woman. Be-
sides this large amount, 25 gallons are con-
sumed in making 3500 ginger-cakes each Sun-
day.

The diet kitchen which is an entirely different
department, is situated on the Third Block, and
is devoted wholly to the cooking and preparing
of the food for those who are unfortunately too
sick to attend to their regular work Of course
it is evident, this food is of an entirely different
nature, than that of the wholesome heavy meals
that are served to the majority. Milk about
100 gts. a day ; eggs, about 15 doz ; sugar about
25 pounds; meat, about 75 pounds; butter
about 10 pounds, besides other small necessities,
constitute the average food required in the hos-
pital. Of the men who are able to do light
work, there are a few, mostly elderly men, who
are served from the diet kitchen. The Doctor
is in direct charge of this department, and takes
a great interest in attending to the welfare of
those 'in his care.

All supplies are carried frem the store-house,
and are carefully inspected by the overseers in
charge there, to see that the food is fresh and
good. As the best quality is bought, there is
little chance of anything being unfit, but never-
theless Mr. Loan and his corps of assistants
make a very strictexaminationof everything that
is brought in, or taken from the store-room. In
addition to this inspection the Doctor and as-
sistants examine every piece of meat on arrival
in the prison.

The bake-house which adjoins the kitchen is
where all the bread, cakes, etc. are baked.
Large “‘Kolb” ovens of the latest model are in
use, and the entire place is tiled in white, mak-
ing a very pretty appearance. Tables about 20
feet in length are used for mixing the flour,

(CONTINUED ON PAGE 4)

NO, 38

HONOR SYSTEM IN PRISON

Now Successful in Six States

The practice of putting convicts on their hon-
or, especially prisoners who are at work con-
structing or repairing highways, has been start-
ed in several States and is meeting with much
success, according to reports received by the
National Committee on Prison Labor. North
Dakota, Oregon, New Jersey Michigan, Ohio,
and Colorado are among the States where the
honor system has been developed to its highest
degree.

Under the laws of North Dakota, the Board
of Control may employ convicts on the public
highways, their expenses to be paid by their re-
spective counties in which they work. The law
stipulates that the prisoners perform their du-
ties under the supervision of skilled laborers,
who act as guards; but, so far as possible, the law
declares, the convicts are to be placed on th¢ir
honor.

Of 275 convicts who were worked under the
honor system in Ohio, only 18—less than @ per
cent. —attempted to escape, according to the
report of Warden Preston E. Thomas, of the
Ohio State Penitentiary. While these men were
thus employed, there was no barrier except their
own honor between them and freedom. Of the
18 men who broke faith, all but seven were

caught and returned to the prison, so that the
percentage of those who failed to serve their full
sentences was only 214. This record, says War-
den Thomas, compares favorably, with trusts in
the outside world.

Also in Michigan, where all persons convicted
of drunkenness or vagrancy are sentenced to
work on the roads insteadof to jail, the practice
of trusting prisoners has been found successful.

It was in Colorado, under Warden Thomas J.
Tynan, that the honor system was first employ-
ed among prisoners at work on the highways,
and it is in that State and Oregon that the sys-
tem has been most extensively developed. Gov-

ernor West, of Oregon, in a statenent to the
National Committe on Prison Labor concerning
the honor system among the prisoners at work
on the road, said:

“Our road gangs are made up of from 15 to
20 men, with a free man as foreman, who lives
and V\orl\s with his crew. His word is law in
camp, and his report as to conduct of the pris-
oners carries great weight with the prison of-
ficials. It is most essential therefore, that great
care be exercised in the selection of these fore-
men. We have had unexpected success in the
operation of our road gangs. Some have been
maintained es far as three hundred miles from
the prison and neariy all in the hills and moun-
tains, where every opportunity was given to es-
cape. At first we lost a number.of men, due
largely to the novelty of the plan and unjust
newspaper criticism, which made many of them
fear the abandonment of the policy and their re-
turn to prison. There has been less newspaper
criticism of late, and the public seeing the mer-
its of the system, is accepting it as a settled pol-

iCy."
