---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_156.jpg
---
\V)

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 3, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire,
Printing Office. and handed to Overseer, who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with
the writer’s registered number.

B 6591 :

Editor.

Wednesday, December 3, 1913

THERE SEEMS to be a deliberate plan on the
part of certain Philadelphia newspapers to
place the inmates of this prison before the pub-
lic in a light as unfavorable as possible.

For the past six weeks there has been almost
daily reference to the so-called “jail delivery”
here last October, and this has been bolstered
up with a running fire of criticism of the parole
law ; doubts as to the reformation of the dis-
charged men and expressions reflecting upon the
prison and its inmates.

Last Thursday one of the papers stated that
on Thanksgiving day we would be regaled with

a dinner consisting of roast beef, celery, baked
sweet potatoes, mashed white potatoes, fruits,

pudding, pie, coffee and cigars.

This we all know is not the truth, and in view
of the want and distress among the poor of this
city, and the fact that many families in even
moderate circumstances did not have a dinner
very much better, if as good, as that actually
served to us, it needs but a few more untruthful
statements of the sort to start a vigilance com-
mittee Cherry SIS =1
there is one thing calculated to make the blood-
of the average citizen sizzle up around the boil-
ing point, it is the report that he is being taxed
to support convicts in pampered idleness. Yet

it is very evident this is exactly the impression

in the direction of

a number of newspapers are endeavoring to cre-
dte

WHEN MR. BALFOUR was re(‘en‘tl37 replying
to criticisms of the parole law, he might have
added, that contrary to the general impression,
the terms under which the prisoners are paroled
from this place are actually so severe, that there
are men in the institution today, who have
elected to remain the fyll maximum sentence,
rather than contorm to the rigid rules governing
the granting of parole.

The general public can have no idea of the
nature of the requirements exacted of a paroled

man, otherwise there would not be any criticism.

FOLLOWING RIGHT after the many complaints
of the enforcement of the parole law in this

State comes the report that Governor Blease of
South Carolina, has pardoned one man, and

paroled 99 others, that they might rejoin their
families on Thanksgiving Day.

This makes a total of 882 men pardoned and
paroled since the Governor went into office, and
he promises to make the number an even 1000
at Christmas. His actions in this respect were
conspicuous enough, one would think, but he
has made them more so, in that he invariably
favors the poor and unknown criminal, in prefer-
ence to those of means and large acquaintance.

The negroes, whom he professes to dislike so
much, have fared better through his dispensa-
And yet South

Carolina still occupies her accustomed position

tions, than have the whites.

on the Map.

WHIPPING CONVICTS

Congressman John M. Evans, of Montana
is still making efforts to secure the abolishment
of the Delaware law which permits the flogging
of convicts. During a speech in the House of
Representatives, he recently said:

I am perfectly willing to abide by the decision

of the Attorney General. Notwithstanding

that, I still feel that somewhere, at some time,

a remedy will be found that will forever put a

stop to the practice of the courts of Delaware.

Despite all the good things Delaware has
done, there are millions ol people who feel there
is one thing she has left undone that does not
add to her credit—that is her failure to keep
abreast of the times and abolish the last relic
of cruelty incorporated in her laws before even
the adoption of the American Constitution.

Why is a woman not flogged in Delaware?
The answer comes back immediately: To flog
a woman would be cruel, socruel that thegood
people of Delaware would not sit complacent-
ly by and permit it. All of which appeals to
me to prove that corporal punishment as infli-
cted in the great State of Delaware ‘sc uzlaid
in direct violation of the best sertiments of
the country.

To resort to the whipping post in this, the
20th century, is simply a ‘‘call of the wild.”
No crime was ever deterred by the commission
of another crime. To take a helpless human
being, bind him to a post and beat him to the
extremity of human endurance must of necess-
ity be degrading to the helpless victim, the
man who applies the lash, the mob which looks
upon the crime and the State or nation that
sits idly by and does nothing to prevent its
commission.

A CARD

Editor the UMPIRE: Would you please be so
kind as to publish in the columns of your paper
the thanks of B 6299 to all the boys that helped
him at the time of his recent accident.

B 6299

The pessimist’sidea of a good time is to sit
down and think about the good times he might
have had.

Why should aman let a woman make a fool of

him, when he can do it almost as successfully
himeelf?

” AMONG THE POETS ”

THE POWER OF WILL

Out of the night that covers me,
Black as the pit from pole to pole.
I thank whatever gods may be
For my unconquerable soul.

In the fell clutch of circumstance
I have not winced or cried aloud;
Under the bludgeonings of chance,
My head is bloody but unbowed.

Beyond this place of wrath and tears
Looms but the horrors of the shade;

And yet the menace of the years
Finds me, shall find me still unafraid.

It matters not how straight the gate,
How charged with punishment the scroll,
I 'am the master of my fate;
I am the captain of my soul.
William Ernest Henley

THE HOME THAT IS WAITING

There is a dear old mother in that home. so
sweet and bright, awaiting for your coming
each day, and every night

As you sit in your tiny cell, thinking of your
future flight, wondering where you'll lay
your head, when freedom calls you in the
night.

Though you have failed in your manhood, and
have gotten in wrong with the “gang,” yet
there is still a home and Mother, willing to
make of you a man.

So cheer up, my boy, and be of good cheer, for
there is always a home waiting for you
and work is in abundance—I don’t think.

B6722

I'd rather be a Could Be
If T could not be an Are.
For a Could Be is a May Be,
With a chance of touching par.
I'd rather be a Has Been,
Than a Might Have Been by far,
For a Might Have Been; has never been,
But a Has, was once an Are.

CURE FOR TALE-BEARING

Take of good nature one ounce; of a herb
commonly called by the Indians, mind-your-
own-business, an ounce: mix this with a little
charity for others and two or three sprigs of
keep-your-tongue-between-your - teeth; simmer
them together in a vessel called, circumspection
for a time, and it will be fit for use.

SymproMs:—A violent itching in the tongue
and roof of the mouth, which inwardly take
place when you are with a kind of being called
gossip.

Dose:—When you feel a turn of it coming on,
take a teaspoonful of the above, hold it in your
mouth, which you should keep closely shut, un-
til you are alone, and you will find a complete
cure. Should you apprehend a relapse, keep a
phial full about you, and in feeling the slightest
symptoms, repeat the dose. —B 659,

