---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_157.jpg
---
‘wielded by the weakest arm.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 3, 1913 3

” MORAL ESSAYS “

THE TRUTH
By B 6594

Truth is the most powerful thing in the world.
The question, What is Truth? was answered
many years ago by Plato, the great Grecian
philosopher: ‘ Truth,” said he, ‘“is the body of
the Divinity, and light is its shadow.”

All of us know what the quality of Truth is.
It is that which is most acceptable to God and
man; therefore, “speak ye every man the truth
to his neighbor; execute the judgment of truth
and peace in your gates.” It is the mastery of
knowledge and intelligence over error and ignor-
ance. We ask it at every step of our lives. If
we ask it, let us give it. All the operations of
the understanding aim at its possession. It is
the perfection of the soul, the essence of wisdom;
the basis of science, and the tenant of every no-
ble soul. Without it, our learning is but a prof-
itless pastime and religion itself is only a fable
and a song.

Truth is the firm basis of honor and of every
fundamental principle of morality. Itis the be-
ginning of virtue. Itis a mighty weapon when
It is simple, re-
quiring neither study nor art.

Truth is always consistent with itself, and
needs nothing to help it out, it is always near at
hand and sits ready to drop out before we are
aware; where as a lie is troublesome and sets a
man’s invention on a rack, and one trick needs
a great many more of the same kind to make it
good.

The most natural beauty in the world is hon-
esty and moral truth. True features make the
beauty of a face; and true proportions the
beauty of architecture; as true measures that of
harmony and music.

As to duty, truth is the first principle, and the

basis of religion, honor, knowledge, and virtue.
If we abandon it we are false to ourselves, and
alien to the Creator. We are lamps without oil,
ships without compass; we are lost and bewilder-
ed travellers in a benighted wilderness, without
pathway or guide. Or we no longer tread on a
rock, where the foothold is firm, but rather in
the slippery road of infamy and error.

Truth isa study, perpetually joined with the
love of virtue; for there’s no virtue which de-
rives not its original from truth, as, on the con-
trary, there is no vice which has not its begin-
ning from a lie. Therefore, truth is the founda-
tion of all knowledge, and the cement of society

The affairs of this world are kept together by
what little truth and integrity still remain a-
mongst us; and yet I much question whether the
absolute dominion of truth would be compatible
with the existerce of any society now existing
upon the face of the earth.

Pure truth, like pure gold, is not in circula-
tion as much as our Master desires, as people
will not advance their minds to the standard,
therefore they lower the standard to their minds.

The temple of truth is built indeed of stones
of crystal, but inasmuch as men have been con-
cerned in rearing it, it has been consolidated by
a cement composed of baser materials.

Let us remember that truth is robed in white;
it is immortal, it is founded on a rock. You

may outlaw the friend of truth, but truth re-
mains; you may humble the Christian, but you
cannot debase the Christian.

WORD CONTEST
Honors of November “ Hunt” go to B 5459

While there were not near so many lists sent
in for the November contest, as for the one for
October, it was in every other way a great deal
more successful.

The contest narrowed down to B 5459 and
B 4435 both of whose lists, after deductions of
improper words, gave them each 174 to their
credit.

The careful manner in which they were pre-
pared was also of equal merit, and the Editor
was in a quandary which to choose. Finally he
decided to leave the matter to a third party; an
expert in these contests, and after deliberation
he decided in favor of B 5459, and the honor is
so awarded.

It is only fair to B 4435 to say,that the reason
the decision went against him, was the defect of
several blurs of his ruled lines. Otherwise, the
excellence of his writing would have carried the
day for him.

This week we will give you a little variety, in
the way of a hunt for

HIDDEN CITIES

This has been sent in by B 6475, to whom ack-
nowledgment is made.

In the following bits of verse there is conceal-
ed the names of 16 cities of the United States
See how many of these cities you can find. For
instance in the first line;

“1 had a little rocking chair,” the city is Lit-
tle Rock. Find the others and also name the
States they are in.

I had a little rocking chair,
Placed on a high oak landing,

So that my litile son Jack may see,
The bathing very handy.

Hanna, Polish girl, his maid,
Says he is bold enough,

Not all himself she often says,
To hand over his sweetest puff.

Once Hanna saved my little Jack,
From a lions den very cheap,

She will get a new bed for doing that,
And a vacation away for ten weeks,

Now little Jack can’t run nor walk,
He’ll have an automobile or bust,
So I will not try to dodge for that,
Will be all set in August.
—B6475.

STUDIES IN JAIL

Every night in a cell at the penitentiary at
Lansing a convict turns the pages of a book en-
titled ‘“‘Introductory Pharmacy” with hard,
rough hands which have spent a long, weary
day mining coal.

For one and a half years this prisoner has
spent every moment of his spare time sitting on
a hard bench in hiscell mastering the prin-
ciples of pharmacy, according to instiuctions
sent him each week by the Extention Depart-
ment of the University of Kansas. He has just
finished the first part of his course and by the
time his term is served he will be able to go out
into the world and take a responsible position
in a drug store.

Il SAID TO BE FUNNY ‘

Mr. Giordiano says, that after his Thanks-
giving Day dinner he was not in a condition to
even say ‘‘gobble, gobble.”

*
* 3k

Mrs Jingles—(indignantly) You don’t seem
to like my pot-pie?

Mr. Jingles—(reminiscently) No, pot-pie is
associated with the result of one of the gravest
mistakes of my life.

*
£ *

Blink—(to barkeep.) Do you serve lobsters
here?
Barkeep.—Sure, what'll you have?

*
* b5

Yeap—Are you quite sure this suit won’t
shrink when it gets wet?

Rabbi—Mein frendt, every fire gompany in
de city has squirted water on dot suit.

*k
K *

A bundle on the end of a stick is a pretty
sure sign that the man who carries it, has lost
his grip.

£3 g £

“What’s the matter little boy?”

“Maw's gone and drownded all the little kit-
tens.”

“Dear, dear! Now that's to bad.”

“Yep, an’ she p-promised—boo—hoo-that I cud
do it.”

* G £

Mabel’s little brother—Do you love my sis-
ter Mable?

Mabel’s “‘Steady’’—Why Willie, what a ques-
tion. Why do you want to know?

Mabel’s little brother—She said last night,
she’d give a dollar to know, and I want to scoop
it in.

s £ *

“Run up stairs, Jerry, and bring baby’s night-
gown.”’

“Don’t want to,” said Jerry.

“Oh, Jerry. If you are not kind to your new
little sister, she’ll put on her wings and fly back
to Heaven.”

“Well, let the kid put on her wings and fly
up stairs and git her own night gown."”

* 5 £

When little Willie’'s mother opened the door
to the minister her face beamed with joy and
welcome, in spite of the fact that it was washing
day.

“This is a real pleasure, sir,” she began.
I've been wanting to thank you for the good
you've done our Willie by your evening classes.
Home’s as different again since he attended the
plumbing and gasfitting class!”

“This is indeed gratifying—very!” said the
vicar. ‘‘Now, what improvement have you no-
ticed especially in little Willie of late?”

“Well he has arranged our penny-in-the-slot
gas meter so that we get our gas for nothing.
You see, he’s moved it from the kitchen to out-
side the front door, sir.”

“But, you still have to put your pennies in
the slot, my good woman!”

““Ah, but you see, sir, before he put the meter
in the street our Willie wrote ‘chocolates’ over
the slot!”

19
