---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_158.jpg
---
THINGS TALKED ABOUT

Kansas is some State. No editors in jail, and
only 812 paupers throughout its whole domain.

A news dispatch says that a convict who had
served 11 years in the Western Penitentiary died
last Friday, a few miuutes before the time he
would have been released by parole.

Looks to me as if this offers the daily papers
a chance for another solar plexus blow to the
parole law. They might claim that death is like-
ly to ensuein any case where parole is granted,
from sudden shock.

Eighty convicts were released from the West-
ern Penitentiary last Friday, being the first be-
neficiaries under the recent Supplemental Act.
We beat them by a month.

The Mayor of Atlantic City doesn’t need a
press agent. A few weeks ago he reccommended
unusual courtesies to men of wealth who were
caught in the drag net of the law. Last week, he
refused to issue a Thanksgivsng proclamation,
because he didn’t believe that Atlantic City had
any thing to be thankful for.

Gracious me! To have the joy of a mayor
like him, and then nothing to be thankful for!

Governor Foss of Massachusetts says that

more than one-third of the people sent to the
jails every year in his State, are sent there for no
crime at all, but simply because they are too
poor to pay the fines imposed.
- He announced an intention of devoting con-
siderable time to prison reform upon his retire-
ment from office, as he said he had become great-
ly impressed with the injustice of the present
system. He urged that every man sent to jail
should have the opportunity to earn money for
the support of his dependent family.

It is of course better late than never, but it
does seem a pity that the Governor did not ob-
tain this point of view sooner, when he had
the power to correct some of the conditions he
complains of.

Dayton, Ohio, fully recovered from the effects
of the flood, and reorganizing along advanced
lines of municipal government, is seeking a man
to fill the position of ‘‘city manager’ at a salary
of $25,000 a year. A number of prominent men
have been suggested, but none of them appeals

with stronger favor than Theodore Roosevelt.

Little Mary is now old enough to understand
and appreciate the benevolence of that good old
gentleman, Mister Santa Claus, and while it is
known positively that he will pay her a visit de-
spite the bars and locks and dogs of Cherry Hill
it is hoped, the men wlll not permit the kindly
old gent to succumb under the weight of his
own generosity, butrelieve him of some of the
burden.

There are hundreds of men here, gifted with
the knack of turning out clever toys, and othe
novelties amusing to a child, and I believe they
could not employ their spare time to better ad.
vantage than by making some little article and
contributing it to the “wee mite” on the Second
Block when Santa comes around.

— Mitch.

THE BAND CONCERT

Thanksgiving Day Entertainmeut
An Enjoyable Affair

Those who had the pleasure of listening to the

, splendid concert given by the E. S. P. Band on

Thanksgiving Day would probably be surprised
if told that the membership of that musical
body was practically made up almost wholly
of novices, not a few of whom, had scarcely
three months experience with the instruments
which they were playing, Nevertheless it is a
fact, for the Band suffered the loss of a consid-
erable number of its oldest players through the
operation of the parole law, and the present or-
ganization is largely made up by recruiting from
the auxillary Band.

They gave a magnificent concert. In the first
place the program as arranged by Prof. Wie-
gandt was one designed to appeal to the
tastes of the men, and in the second, the rendi-
tion was equally as good as one might expect
from professional musicians. Certainly, Sousa’s
spirited “Thunderer’” was never rendered with
more thrilling effect than that displayed by our
own men. The selections from the beautiful

opera of ‘“Martha,” as well as those from the -

“Mikado,” also call for the utmost commenda-
tion. The cornet solo, “Friendly Rivals,” gave
Prof. Wiegandt and B 5163 a splendid oppor-
tunity to bring out the beauties of this instru-
ment when in the hands of skilled performers.
Master and pupil both excelled.

When the amount of pleasure to be derived
from one of these Band concerts is realized, it is
to be regretted, that we cannot have them more
frequently.

THE PRISON KITCHEN

(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1)

and kneading the dough. Directly opposite the
bake-shop is a small store-room for the bread,
which is kept a day betoreit is distribut-
ed. Herealso isa large slicing machine, for
cutting the bread, and the man that operates it,
can cut an incredible amount in a very short
space of time. [ am at a loss to state exactly
where the ginger cakes are stored, and I doubt
very much, if I would state the location even if
I were aware of it.

In both kitchen and bake-house the utmost
care and attention is exercised to keep all the
implements and utensils, and in fact, the entire
place in every way sanitary. All articles used
in preparing and cooking the food, are cleaned
before and after each meal.

This rule is impera-
tive.

Cleaning steam cauldron of which there
are five, each one capable of holding 500 gallons
is not a sinecure by any means, but the work is
all done, and done well.

The figures stated in this article are approxi-
mately correct, and obtained through the cour-
tesy of Mr. James Loan the store-keeper, who
kindly assisted in their compilation.

We are all apt to forget the people who pay
their debts much sooner than those whe don’t

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 3, 1913

LITTLE MARY

Touching lines to ‘little Mary’ have been
sent in by B 6055, together with a note request-
ing that they be published in the UMPIRE.

We take great pleasure in complying with his
request, but at the same time, wish to add a
word of caution to the effect that it would be
advisable for him to be careful how he permits
the ‘‘spirit in his feet”’ to lead him around to
Mary's “‘chamber window sweet.” You see per-
haps Miss Mills may not like it ; then again
perhaps her mother is a light sleeper ; and once
more again, the dogs might bite him.

The‘“verse” follows :

LITTLE. MARY

My Darling little Mary,

I arise from dreams of Thee,

In the first sweet sleep of night,
When The winds are breathing low,
And the stars are shining bright.
And a spirit in my fezt

Has led me (who know how,)

To thy Chamber window Sweet.

—B 6055
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS

FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, 25 cents each
or will close out entire stock of 100 for $14.00
B 3925, Sixth Block.

FOR SALE—Beautiful inlaid boxes with pearl
decorations; all sizes, for all purposes. Will
sell to inmates at $1.00 to $3.00, according to
size. B 5649, Seventh Block.

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies, all sizes and
colors. Will make shawls of any color upon
order of same. All orders will be filled
promptly up to December 20. Send Your
orders in now, also mention color, if you pre-
fer any special color. Yeap, B6031, Sixth
Gallery.

FOR SALE—Cards, all hand work, with fancy
designs, birds, flowers etc., also Christmas
and New Years Cards, with your name and
address penned on same. Price 50 cents per
dozen. Jingles, Eighth Block.

FOR SALE—Shults’ vest pocket Higher Mathe-
matics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block.

FOR SALE—Handsomely designed tidies and
shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery

FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth
Block. ‘

FOR SALE—Handsome tidies, shawls, bed
spreads, centerpieces, paintings on linen. All
done by hand. Prices range from $1.50 up-
ward. B 5323, Ninth Block.

FOR SALE—Ball tidies, shawls and scarfs.
Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth
Block. :

FOR SALE—Inlaid frames, difierent sizes: jew-
el boxes, walking canes, etc. Will sell to in-
mates reasonable. B4765, 12th. Block.

FOR SALE—A beautiful Xmas gift for Mother
The Lord’s Prayer, done in black and gold,
with handsome scroll border, and framed in
either mission or gilt moulding. Prices from
$1.50 to $10. according to size. Jingles, Eighth
block. (Always on the job)

FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, button-hooks,
butter knives, also will repair Phonographs.
Locks and keys for sale. Prices reasonable
B 5826, Ninth Block j

MUSIC Edited, arranged, composed, transposed
and copied for all instruments, combination -
of instruments or voice.

Song poems set to music; work done neatly
and at moderate charge. B 5647, 7th. Block.

