---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_159.jpg
---
o

Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Printed and Published

By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. 2

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 10, 1913

NO. 39

TREATMENT OF THE HAIR

Medical Man Says Plenty of Air
and Persistent Massage
Will Overcome Baldness

S the Medical Department did not appear to

be falling over itself in haste to reach the
UwmPIRE office with full instructicns for the pre-
vention of baldness, as it was hoped for, it placed
this enterprising sheet in the position of old Mr.
Mahomet and the mountain. Since the mount-
ain would not come to him, then he must go to
the mountain. So the UMPIRE man went to the
mountain, and it was a mountain all right.

However it was an affable mountain, bub-
bling over with wisdom ; generous with its use
of Latin phrases, and eager to tell the afflicted
readers of this paper just what to do to preserve
the hair, and keep it from falling out. It did
not venture upon a remedy for growing of hair,
and any inquiries relating to this, must be re-
ferred to Jingles, who appears to hive a solution.

The loss of hair is due to several causes, the
most common being, lack of air and sunshine,
impoverished blood, and dandruff.

The most frequent cause, is that of the exist-
ence of dandruff, and the first step necessary, is
to get rid of that. Contrary to the general im-
pression, dandruff is not a disease of the scalp,
but is formed by a discharge from the glands,
which hardens and formsa scale around the
hair, shutting off the air so necessary for its life,
and eventually killing it entirely The treat-
ment simply consists of softening this substance
with vasaline, or sweet oil and gently loosening
the scale from the scalp, when it may be combed
out, or washed out with pure soap and tepid
water. Don’t use borax, amonia, or any soaps
strong with alkali. [vory soap, is as free from
alkali as any that can be bought. You won't
get rid of the dandruff with one treatment,. It
may require several, a dozen, but it must be
gotten rid of. Then you are ready for the next
step, looking toward the growth of new hairs to
to take the place of those you have lost, and
possitively the only effective treatment is that
of continued and persistent massage. All so-
called hair tonics contain irritants, designed to

~ excite the circulation of blood, and this circula-

tion can be obtained best by massage.

Crude oil, and many of the petrolem products,
like vasaline, petrolatum, or even a little keros-
ine with the addition of one-third its weight of
sweet oil may be applied to the scalp, not the
hair, and the head gently massaged. At the
same time, pull the hair gently until you suc-
ceed in getting rid of all the weak hair, which
you would lose anyway, and which is better
out first than last.

As you progress, in the course of a few weeks
the hair will be much stronger, and resist your
efforts to pull it out, but keep up your massage

just the same, and watch out for the appearance
of dandruff, from which the scalp must at al
times be free.

If you wish, you can wash your hair every
day with clear tepid water to which a little salt
has been added. Not oftener than once a week,
but every second week would be better, wash
the hair with Ivory, or a good tar soap.

Fire your cap away, and go bareheaded at all
times. Don’t plaster your hair down on your
head:; fluff it up, so the air can blow through it.
Bathe every time you have a chance, and eat
whatever you can get your teeth on.

In massaging the scalp use the tips of the
fingers only, and go over the head firmly with a
circular motion, without too much force; taking
the scalp in sections as it were, until you have
covered it all. Do this as often as you can.
Get the habit of rubbing the more afflicted pla-
ces while you are reading. In a little while you
will be doing this unconsciously, but the work,
of keeping up a good circulation will be going,
on, and before the baseball season comes around
again, you will have a crop of hair that will
make Mr. Paderewski’s top look like a football.

PRICE OF A MAN’S HONOR.

A young bank clerk arrested on the charge of
a theft of stock certificatesand brought to this
city ascribes his downfall to his low salary.

He declared that the clerks who, like himself
received $75 a month did all the work, while the
magnates of the executive administration sat in
comfortable chairs and occasionally affixed their
languid signatures to important papers. The
clerks, hesays, ‘“‘do not get enough toenable
them to resist temptation.”

It is a favorite theory of certain persons who
are paid little for their work that they are justi-
fied in making up for the alleged deficiency in
some other fashion—that their meagre pay is a
valid apology for stooping to dishonorable and
jmmoral practices.

To admit that the poor have a superior right
to steal is to insult them with the cynic’s cont-
emptuous assertion that each man has his price.
The man of honor, poor or rich, is beyond the
reach of the lure of gold His peace of mind and
his good name that is the “immediate jewel’ of
his soul, are not in the market to the highest bid-
der. Most people live on modest means and live
honestly; nor do they believe that because they
have little they have the license to rob their af-
fluent neighbors and fill their own pockets. The
clerk in question had agreed to take $75 a month.
Many a man getsless than that and enjoys the
infinite riches of preserving his honor.

CORRECTION.

In the list of Hidden Cities given on page two,
Newark, Conn., should read Norwalk, Conn.

Do Your Christmas Shopping Early and Often.

THE ITALIAN'S DEFENSE

A Monologue

(ALL RiGHTS RESERVED)

MISTAIRE Judgea. You aska me, why
I try for keela dees-a man.

chance to speaka for mysel’ I tella you justa
how ita was. .

'Bouta five year ago, I livea ina da sunny It;
I gotta da nicea home; gooda da wife anda nicea
leetla da babe. One day when I outa ona my
farm to work, isa da come one beega swell 'Mer-
ican man, whata you call da toorist. He stop
for my house and aska for drink of water froma
my wifea; she bring da water and he say tanka
very mooch, and after dees, he comea da couple
times when I out by my work, he pincha my wife
cheek and tella her she ver-a nice woman. He
tella her she fool for stay dees a small place and
aworka hard all the time. He say if she go to
'Merica country wida heem, he buy da nicea
clothes and furs and diamonds. My wife she
beleeva all deem afoolish talk and runned away
weed him.

I stay for my place, be a gooda da fader to
my leetla girl, but I swear some day I find deesa
man and getta revenge. My leetla girl she all
time cry ‘mama;’ bimeby she getta sick and
die. Deesa almost breaka my heart, I gotta
nothing for to leeve but revenge. I sella da
home and buya da tick for comea da beeg city
New York, where I hear my wife go.

I comea dees country, buya da hand organ
and da monk, and go rounda every place looka
for deesa man who steala my wife and broke
my homea and my heart; because I losea my
leedla girl, and I swear I gonna keel him.

Last night when I walk long Broadway street
I seea onea man comea out froma da swell,
what you call eet, da cafe. He gotta da finea
silka da hat, fur coat, nicea clothes, everyt’ing.

Justa when he comea out, I see onea woman,
clothes alla tore, just samea’s rags, face alla da
white and pinch. I know her my wife. She
dropped down ona knee fronta deesa man and
beg wid him he send her backa homea to sunny
It. He raisa hees walking stick and make for
to strike her. Deesa make my blood boil. I
reach back for my stillet, and try for to keel
heem, but da police comea just ina time, and
grabba my wrist and locka me up; he breenga
me here to you.

Now, Mistaire Judge, Boss, you hear me say,
if you gotta da heart you letta me takea my
wifea and go back to sunny It.

Whatsa dees you say? Deescharge? Mis-
taire Judge, Boss, please tella me whata you
meen by deesa onea word, deescharge? Whata
you tella me I can takea my wifea ana be free;
canna go back to my countree? Tank you
judge, tank you.

If you gimme
