---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_160.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
readers.

its

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire,
Printing Office. and handed to Overseer, who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with
the writer’s registered number.

B 6591 : Editor.

Wednesday, December 10, 1913

The Director of Public Safety of this city has
inaugurated a crusade against the cigarette ha-
bit. He has discovered that every ‘‘criminal”
and ‘““degenerate’’ is a cigarette fiend. Right here
we pause long enough to thank the Director for
the confirmation of an opinion the writer
has long entertained concerning himself, but in
which he could never find any one to concur, un-
til the Director’sencouraging words reached him
in the confines of his little 7x14. The reason for
his complacency becomes apparent, when he
states, with his hand over his heart, that he is
not, and never was addicted to the cigarette ha-
bit, hence; ergo, etcetera he cannot possibly be
either a “‘criminal,” or a ‘‘degenerate!” The ed-
itor has suspected this for some time, but it is
delightful to have his suspicions confirmed by so
eminent an authority, and certainly it comes to
him as a soothing balm in these days of stress.

To proceed with the Director’s remarks:

He said that he ‘“‘telephoned to the House of
Correction for data, and learned that 75 per cent
of the boys in that institution, under twenty-one
years old, were cigarette fiends.”” That ought to
be very convincing, but it isn't, for just a week
previous to the Director’s little talk in Germdn-
town, the principal of a High School with a té ste
for statistics, gave out for publication the result
of his own observations and investigations in
this line, which showed, that of the boys under
18 years of age, attending High schkools in this
city, 85 per cent were addicted to the use of cigar-
ettes. If both statements are correct, then the
advantage is with the smoker, for proportionately
there would appear to be a greater numbe. of
minor cigarette fiends out of jail, than in it.

These remarks are not intended to convey the
impression that the writer is in favor of cigarette
smoking. Not at all. He only wishes to point out
the futility of trying to overcome a great nation-
al habit by the enforcement of an old ordinance
prohibiting the sale of cigarettes to minors, when
the sidewalks and gutters are littered with the
discarded “butts’’ of older smokers that furnish
a never ending source of filthy supply to the
wants of the s‘mall boy when he feels the craving

for a*draw "’ It is on a par with the advice of a-

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 10, 1913

nother gentleman, to ‘‘swat the fly,” as a means
of ridding the country of that little pest.

It was the custom not a few years ago, when
a small boy was discovered indulging in the for-
bidden weed, for his father to entice him to a
secluded spot, and there with the aid of a stout
switch, give him a practical example of the terri-
ble disaster sure to follow indulgence in the ta-
booed cigarette. The efficacy of this method has
never been questioned, and may be safely fol-
lowed to-day with good results.

If any arrests are to be made, arrest the “old
man,” and itis guaranteed he will then look
after the cigarette business in his own household
with a vigor that will seriously affect the tobac-
co interests within a very short time,

“Swat” the Cigarette!

There is at least one man in the world with
pluck enough to step out irto the open, and
publicly state a fact that has been known for
years, but never a man with the courage to give
it utterance until Judge McKenzie Cleland of
Chicago electrified an audience the other night
by stating that nearly every one was a criminal.
He said :

“The most misunderstood person in the world
is the criminal, and he is misunderstood because

of our ignorance. We commit the unpardonable

blunder of putting all criminals in the same
class.”

“Nearly every person nowadays is a criminal
because it is virtually impossible to live without
violating one or more innumerable laws. The
criminals we despise and condemn are merely
those who have been caught and convicted.”

“The first duty of the Church is to become
acquainted with our penal system, and its sec-
ond duty is to demand that this system be
modernized and made practical and effective.”

The Judge is not only a man of courage, but
a diplomat of high order. Note the remark :
“nearly every person.”
thing needful to keep up personal esteem, for it
allows everyone to say to himself, ‘“he means

the other fellow, I’'m one of the elect.”

The regularity with which each succeeding
Grand Jury commends the Warden’s manage-
ment of this institution forces the conclusion
that they have some real substantial grounds
for their opinion, for it is well known that the
inclination of the average Grand Jury is to
“knock’’ rather than to “boost.”

“HIDDEN CITIES™ FOUND.
Answer by B 6475.

Little Rock. Ark.
Oakland, Cal.

Jackson, Mich. or Miss.
Bath, Maine.
Annapolis, Md.

Boise, Idaho.

Alton, IlI.

Dover, Del.

Savannah, Ga.
Denver, Col

New Bedford, Mass.
Fort Wayne, Ind.
Newark, Conn.
Mobile, Ala.

Fort Dodge, Iowa.
St. Augustine, Fla.

That was just the one |

i

AMONG THE POETS “

FAITH

I jes’ don’ know ef de cohn’ll grow,
But I plants hit just de same;
I jes don’ know ef de wind’ll blow,
But I watch an’ pray,; an’ I reap an’ sow,
~An’ de good Lawd know my name.

I jes’ can’t tell ef de cotton sell,
But I toils on jes’ de same;
De birds they build where de spring sap swell,
An’ dey know enuff for a rainy spell,
An’ dat’s lots mor’ dan dey gwine to tell—
An’ de good Lawd know my name.

So I watch an’ pray as I goes my way,
An’ I toils on jes’ de same;
De rose is sweet,but de rose can’t stay,
But I'm mighty glad when it blooms my way
De night fall dark, but de Lawd send day,
An’ de good Lawd know my name.
4 —Selected

JINGLES’ WAIL

Scrape! S_cramm
Each morning I have to shave,

And then with a tonic to coax the hair
The top of my head I lave.

And this is the song I spin
While giving the blade a shove:

“Why can’t I be bald upon my chin
And have whiskers that grow above?”’
An experienced business woman gives the
following rules for working girls:

No goo goo eyes.
No chewing gum.
No soiled linen.
No low necks.
No shoit sleeves.
No novels.

Learn to spell.

Radiate cheerfulness.

NO USE FOR MOLLYCODDLES -

Colonel Roosevelt has sent a message to the
“Boy Scouts’’ of America, in which he says:

‘“The boy is not worth anything if he is not
efficient. I have no use for mollycoddles. I
have no use for timid boys, for the ‘“‘sissy’” type
of boy. 1 want to see a boy able to hold his
own and ashamed to flinch. But as one ele-
ment of this ability to hold his own, I wish to
see him contemptuously indifferent to the mean
or brutal boy who calls him “sissy’’ or a molly-
coddle because he is clean and decent and con-
siderate to others. If a boy is not fearless and
energetic, he is a poor creature: but he is even
a poorer creature if he is a bully of smaller boys
or girls, if he is guilty of cruel mischief, and if in
his own home, and especially in his relations
with his own mother and sisters, he is selfish
and unfeeling,

“I believe in play with all my heart: but I be-
lieve in work even more. While a boy or man
plays, I want to see him play hard, and when
he works I don’t want to see him play at all.”’

