---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_161.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 10, 1913

MORAL ESSAYS

GOOD MANNERS.
By B 6594.

Good manners are founded upon common
sense and kindness of heart, and are the same
the world over. The fashion of manners never
changes, and the best of them all are the out-
growth of religion and morality. The manners
of barbarian nations are not manners at all.
The Christian and moral principles of brotherly
love and self-denial are so much wanting in sav-
ages that the first law of politeness—to be agree-
able to others even at a sacrifice of selfish ease
and comfort—is well nigh unknown. We are
not a barbarous nation and yet many times we
see people act as savages and we wonder
whether they have been ill or well bred. All
people may indeed be polite without being re-
ligious: but not religious without being polite.

To be well bred, we need only to forget our-
selves in behalf of others; to Christians, we
must be self-denying. Good breeding comports
entirely with Christianity, but does not neces-
sarily make one religious. Religion, on the
- other hand, makes one unselfish, humble, pleas-
ant and more or less expansive of these excel-
lent traits.

The heart that makes the true gentlemen
makes the true Christian. The greatness of the
intellect combines naturally with both of these.
Look how full of sympathy ard consideration
for the feelings of others are the masterly writ-
ings of St. Paul. With him charity was the
bond of perfectness. ‘“And above all things
have fervent charity among yourselves; for
“charity shall cover a multitude of sins.”” His
epistles are splendid chapters in the rudiments
of etiquette.

He had learned of Him whose sympathy ex-
tended even to the greatest of fallen men. The
Ten Commandments, even the Golden Rule are
substantial rules for a man’s conduct. Aside
from their obligatory character in a moral
sense, they have a stern and inflexible social ap-
plication. We-must heed them, for we cannot
violate one and be a gentleman. “Fear God,
and keep his commandments, for this is the
whole duty to man.” Let us keep them not
only for society’s sake, but for conscierce sake.

True, manners are a rare g?ft, difficult to de-
fine—and much more difficult to impart. Yet,
better for a man to pursue them than wealth,
beauty; or even talent. He who enjoys" their
advantages in the highest degree, can please.
penetrate, or persuade, as the object may re-
quire.

The touchstone of good manners is the way a
man behaves to his superiors or inferiors. Pride,
ill-nature and want of sense.are three great
sources of ill-manners; without some of these
defects, no man will behave himself ill for want
of experience, or of what, in the language of
fools, is called knowing the world.

Good or bad manners are very communi-
cable: men catch them from each other. Good
manners are the fruits of a kind heart and care-
ful nurture; bad manners are the fruits of a
coarse nature and unwise training. Some peo-
ple do not appreciate beautiful customs. They

look only upon moral qualities, forgetful that
these are but the roots, of which kindness is the
stalk and courtesy the flower.

We go through this world but once, and
every hour of our lives is filled with opportuni-
ties for usefulness that pass away never again
to return.

ALCOHOL AND CRIME

Does alcohol produce propensity to klepto-
mania?

In other words; is it possible for alcohol to
make the desire to appropriate other people s
property irresistable? I emphatically declare that
there can be no doubt that such a possibility
exists, and to an alarming extent at that.

Where can we find an adult human being to-
day who can deny the fact that they know a
man who,when not under the influence of alcohol
is absolutely to be relied upon for honesty and
square dealing, but that same man after taking
a few drinks takes the first thing that he can
lay his hands upon whether he has use for it
or not.

Is not such a man to be found in every com-
munity?

Are not the jails, workhouses and penal in-
stitutions filled with many unfortunate men of
this particular failing?

There are thousands of men serving their se-
cond, third, fourth or fifth penal sentence today
who should never have even served their first
sentence.

They are classed as habitual criminals. They
are almost regarded as beyond recall and unde-
serifing of good, but in the vast majority of
cases the man leaves prison believing that there
isno use to try and do better. Why not give
these men the treatment that will do them the

most good?

Prisons do not reform them—then why send
them to prison and deal out suffering and pun-
ishment to them for a crime for which they are
pot morally responsible?

I believe that the suspended sentence can be
made of more benefit to the men of this class
than long terms in prison.

A man knows that if he takes one single drink
or even frequents the saloons that he will im-
mediately be returned to prison. There is no
probability about it, it is an absolute certainty,
and he knows it, and he is not going to delib-
erately walk into prison under these conditions,
but he is going to keep away from saloons and
alcohol and do his utmost to rebuild his character.

This man is easily separated from all other
wrong doers. He always does his work faithfully
and diligently. He can always be depended upon
as long as he leaves drink alone. He never has
trouble of any kind with anybody and every
man who has employed him speaks well of him,
except for his failing for strong drink. In prison
he always does the best that he can and labors
to obey the rules and keep out of trouble and he
is very seldom reported for breach of discipline.
I know a man who has spent neatly seven years
in different prisons for theft committed while un-
der stimulation of strong drink, who has had, in
all this time, only two reports against him.

Are not men of this kind worthy of encourage-

ment and aid? Penitentiary Mirror

SAID TO BE FUNNY l

“This picture’’ said Jonah, “is one I painted
to keep the wolf from the door.”

“Indeed,” said Doc, ‘“‘then why don’'t you
hang it on the door knob, so the wolf can see
iR

% .
&

%

Magistrate—You are charged with being
drunk and disorderly ; what is your name?
“Blink, the Printer, yer Honor.”
Magistrate—H'uh. Who paid for
quor?

your li-
*k 5 *
“Now boys’ said Mr. Bonsal, “What must
we do before our sins are forgiven?”’
“I] know, Teechur, dot’s a easy wvun,” said

Yiddisha Sam, ‘“‘ve must do furst, a sin.”

%
* *

Mr. Bonsal—Here is another one. If a brick-
layer gets $4 for working eight hours a day,
what would he get if he worked ten hours a
day?

Little Ike—He’d git Hail Columbia frum de
Labor Union.

* % %

Magistrate—Didn’t T tell you the last time
you were here, that I didn’t want you to ever
come before me again?

Quig—VYes sir, that’s what I told the police-
man, but the doggone chump wouldn’t believe
me.

%k x %

“Just to think Jerry, you have now got a nice
brand new little brother and sister to play
with.”

“Well the kid brother is all right, but say,
let’s trade off the girl for an express wagon.”

* 5 ES

HE (nervously)—Margaret, there’s been some-
thing trembling on my lips for months and
months.

SaE—Yes, so I see.
off?

Why don’t you shave it
% % *

“You were shooting this morning ?”’
Smith.

“Yes, I had to kill my dog,’

“Was he mad,” asked Smith.

“Well,” said Jones, “he didn’t seem any too
well pleased.”

asked

)

answered Jones.

*
3k

*

When Yeap first enlisted to fight the Span-
iards, he was of course put in the awkward
squad. During drill, one day, blank cartridges
were distributed, and the new recruits were in-
structed to load their pieces and stand at the
“ready.” The sergeant then gave the order to
“fire at will.”

Everybody pulled the triggers of their rifles,
excepting Yeap, who looked around at the dif-
ferent faces, and then asked : ‘“Which one is
Will? "' .

% %k

B 6290 says:

Recently two gentleman by the name of
Wood and Stone were escorted by Mr. B.
through this institution. While passing through
the yard, they encountered a beautiful blonde,
attired in a slashed skirt. Mr. Wood turned to
Stone ; Stone turned to Wood, and then they
all turned to rubber,
