---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_162.jpg
---
NN

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 10, 1913

I THINGS TALKED ABOUT |

48 up this month, and all going home as soon

as they secure employment papers!
———-O_..

There is a woman under sentence of death up
in Connecticut and the suffragettes are besieging
the governor to secure a commutation for her.
They have given nineteen reasons why she should
not hang, and the only one reason in favor of
hanging is that she is guilty of murder in
the first degree. Majority rules.

—0—

The editors of the “Cornell Widow,” the hu-
morous monthly, published by the students of
Cornell University, have been expelled from
that institution because of the objectionable
charactur of a recent issue.

I wonder how that ‘“‘stunt” would work with
the UMPIRE.

.—._O_

The first of the Winter Course of lectures will
be given next Saturday in the school room, by
an under-graduate of the University of Penn-
sylvania. The subject will be ‘“‘Argentina’” one
of the most progressive and interesting coun-
tries of South America. The lecture will be il-
lustrated with splendid views of the principal
city, Buenos Ayres, the agricultural district sur-
rounding it, and many of its industries.

It is feared that old reliable “alibi” as a de-
fense, will have to take a back seat shortly, for
an ingenious youth of Pottstown charged with
robbing a gas meter, has just sprung a new one
on the Montgomery county court. He claims
that he is irresponsible because of the pressure
of bone on the brain, and therefore should be
released. Ring up the ambulance. Operating
table for his.

__O—.

The attention of “Our Quartette” is respect-
fully called to a recent article stating that one
George Schroeder, a convict in the Walla Walla
penitentiary, through the means of his magnifi-
cent baritone voice secured his release from
prison where he was serving a twenty year term,
and is now drawing $100 per week as a vaude-
ville star, [t is presumed the opportunity is
open to tenors, and bassos as well. “A word to
the wise,” etc.

As the result of the investigations and re-
ports, of Mr. Osborne, and two ladies who
served five days voluntary imprisonment in or-
der to obtain information of conditions in New
York prisons at first hands, the Superintendent
of Prisons, announces “sweeping reforms.”’ in the
management of all penal institutions of that
State. In the first ‘“sweep’’ the women are to
be benefiited by the abolishment of the “silence
rule,” and hereafter, they will not only be al-
lowed to talk as much as they wish, but, en-
couraged to do so. Guess they won’t need much
encouragement.

Industrial affairs are not altogether on the
boom just now, and it will probably help those
men who are waiting for employment papers
before their discharge to understand conditions
better, when it is known that both the B. & 0.
and the Reading Railroads have each laid off

1000 men; that the Pennsylvania contemplates

a reduction of from 5 to 10 per cent. or labor on
all lines East of Pittsburg; that the Bethlehem
Steel Works have just dropped 700 men from
its pay-rolls and the immense Baldwin Locomo-
tive Works of this city recently discharged 3000
workers, and expects to drop. that many more
on the first of the year, unless orders come in a
little livelier. :

So be patient, and glad you are not paying
any board here while waiting for a job.

L

There has been quite a few criticisms of Jing-
les’ article on ““The Prison Kitchen,” printed in
last week’s UMPIRE, and in this connection I
want to say, he secured the figures from Mr.
Loan, the storekeeper, who later confirmed them
as being approximately correct. The figures were
given and accepted in good faith by both Jin-
gles and the editor, and the latter attaches much
more weight to the statement of a man who is
in a position to know what he is talking about,
rather than to any number of statements from
inmates, who necessarilly cannot know. We
stand by Jingles’ report as being approximately
correct. —Mitch

PAROLED MEN SUPPORT WIVES

“It’s a success,” said Karl L. Schreiber, par-
ole officer or the pardon and patole board of
Kansas City Mo., recently in referring to the
system recently adopted. Men who spend their
money in saloons and gambling places and then
get into trouble are paroled after being fined
and sentenced to the municiple farm. provided
they have famlies dependent on them and are
willing to contribute part of their earnings to
their support.

The system was put into effect two or three
months ago. Mr. Schreiber now receives about
$400 a week from men so paroled and turns it
over at once to the wives and children. Instead
of spending the time in the workhouse, leaving
the families dependent on charity, the better
system of giving the man another chance was
adopted.

GOOD BYE LITTLE MARY'!

Dear, winsome, toddling little Mary is to
have a real Christmas along with other little
children after all, for on Monday next she will
leave the only home she has ever known, to
take a ploce in the large outside world. She
will be just in time to have her name enrolled
on Santa Claus’ big book, along with those of
all other good little kiddies, and perhaps, may
even be able to obtain a glimpse of him.

It is the wish of us all, that the same love and
care which has been so generous y given to her
while here, will accompany her, and serve to
protect and provide for her throughout a long
and happy life. Good bye, little Mary. .

If there are any men contemplating playing Santa
Claus to this dear little child, they may send their remem-
brances to the Chaplain who will see they are delivered

before next Monday:.

It is quite natural to long for fame, in spite
of the fact that fame makes it just that much
harder to dodge our creditors.

The devil rejoices more in one hypocrite than

m ninety and nine genuine, Simon Pure sinners,

DEFIES WINDOW SMASHERS

A new bullet-proof glass has been invented
which will defy all the efforts of the millitants
to break a single pane. Proof of this lies in the
fact that the new glass was tested at the Criteri-
on restaurant the other night , and amid much
fun every effort to break the windows proved a
failure.

The new window is a combination of glucose
glass and xylonite welded together under enor-
mous pressure. The burglar’s diamond cannot
penetrate it any more than the stonesof the suf-
fragette.

Do your Christmas Shopping Early and Often.

FOR SALE—Xmas Post Cards in oils, water
colors fand tinsel. Also paintings and crayons
of beautiful subjects to order. B 5384 Fourth
Block.

FOR éALE—FanCy toothpicks, 25 cents each
or will close out entire stock of 100 for $14.00
B 3925, Sixth Block.

FOR SALE—Beautiful inlaid boxes with pear!
decorations; all sizes, for all purposes. Will
sell to inmates at $1.00 to $3.00, according to
size. B 5649, Seventh Block.

EOR SALE ChEstmasand New Yomc o
last call. Men who want cards should send
for Jingles, 8th Block, at once.

FOR SALE—Shults’ vest pocket Higher Mathe-
mactics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block.

FOR SALE Handsomely designed tidies and
shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery

FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth
Block.

FOR SALE—Handsome tidies, slawls, bed
spreads, centerpieces, paintings on linen. All

done by hand. Prices range from $1.50 up-
ward. B 5323, Ninth Block.

FOR "SiALEA——Bglrlﬁlmtiidiesk,W ShclV;IS and scarfs.
Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth
Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid frames, dificrentcizcedie
el boxes, walking canes, etc. Will sell to in-
mates reasonable. B4765, 12th. Block.

FOR SALE—A beautiful Xmas gift for Mother
The Lord’s Prayer, done in black and gold,
with handsome scroll border, and framed in
either mission or gilt moulding. Prices from
$1.50 to $10. according to size. Jingles, Eighth
block. (Always on the job)

FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, button-hooks,
butter knives, also will repair Phonographs.

Locks and keys for sale. Prices reasonable
B 5826, Ninth Block

FOR SALE—Carpenter’s chest of tools, com-
plete. B 5295, Sixth Gallery.
FOR SALE—Canary birds, sweet singing male

birds excellent female breeders, from $1.50
up. B 5532, Seventh Gallery.

MISCELLANEOUS

SHORTHAND—If you have a common school
education, and will study, [ will teach you the
rudiments of the Pitman system six weeks for
$5. After that it wlll be up to you to be a real
Stenographer. B 6591, Seventh Gallery.

MUSIC Edited, arranged, composed, transposed
and copied for all instruments, combination
of instruments or voice.

Song poems set to music; work done neatly
and at moderate charge. B 5467, 7th. Block.

