---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_163.jpg
---
_ past on its way to Newton.

Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Printed and Published
By Inmates of the E.S. P.

Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. 2

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 17, 1913

A CONVICT ROAD CAMP

Honor Men Building Roads Divide
Their Time Between Work—
Play—Sleep

N the doorstep of a little gray house up in
O the hills of Nothern New Jersey a man
was sitting one day recently placidly
soaking up all he could hold of the gloriousIndi-
an Summer sunshine. Two cats beside him and
a pump in the little house behind him purred
contentedly in unison.

The man looked ‘healthy, happy—and free.
Not even a fence separated the grass plot in
front of him from the highroad which swept
Yet there was just
about as much probability of the pump behind
him getting up and strolling off along that road
as there was that the man himself would go.

Aside from that spot there was only one place
on earth where the law said he might be.
was the penitentiary at Trenton. The man was
a convict ; one of thirty prisorers with whom
the State of New Jersey is conducting an inter-
esting experiment. The little gray pumphouse
is one of a group of seven buildings. In the
grass plot in front of them is a neatly painted
sign which reads :

DERISOIRUBLIC ROADS,
STATE OF NEW JERSEY.
1st Division—Camp No. 1.

That is all right for official purposes. But it
failed to measure up to the men’s ideas of a
name. So they nailed another board to the
corner of the fence around an adjoining field,
and en this board they painted, not quite so
neatly, perhaps, but very clearly indeed, the
inscription :

DON’T WORRY CAMP.
The house of the farmer who sold the land is

within 100 yards of the camp buildings. Yet
neither he nor any of the people living near has

made a single complaint of their new neighbors..

The camp is not even a blot on the landscape

The men themselves cut down a tall, straight
tree, painted the pole, set it,and every day hoist
a big flag which makes a gay note in the pic-
ture. At the top of the grassy slope is the
office building where the three foremen from the
Department of Public Roads have their quar-
ters. Back of this are the ‘“‘mess hall,”’ the
bunk house, and several smaller buildings. The
whole place is kept in apple-pie order, and one
might pass it a hundred times without suspect-
ing its real character.

The flag is not the only thing in sight that
wears stripes. The men’s garb is the regulation
plain gray of the penitentiary; but in the daily
life at the Don’t Worry Camp it undergoes
many modifications. The man on the pump

That .

house doorstep, for instance, was in his shirt
sleeves, and his prison cap was turned visor
backward, so that he could get the full beat of
the sunshine in his face.

“Convict” was not written in the look of his
clothes any more than it was written in his rud-
dy face and smiling eyes. And it was the same
with the groups at work a quarter of a mile
down the road. The chief difference between
them and an ordinary contractor’s gang was
that these men looked about ten times as clean

as the others generally do. An observing person

might have been struck by their evident prefer-
erce for gray trousers. But aside from that pe-
culiarity he would not have noticed anything
unusual except their cleanliness.

There are thirty prisoners, five guards, and
three foremen at Don’t Worry Camp; and the
life they lead there, judged by our present ideas
on prison methods, is remarkable.

The camp was started last June. One build-
ing,now used for the mess room and kitchen, was
put up by workmen from a nearby town. An
artesian well was drilled and a pump installed.
With the exception of that beginning and of the
steam fitting and plumbing, the men have done
everything else. They have buiit a bunk-house,
76 by 16 feet long with two wings, each 30 by
26 feet. They have built an office with two
large rooms; also a pumphouse, a gasoline stor-
age house, a repair shed, a shelter shed for the
motor truck, a cement lined pit for the heating
plant, besides innumerable smaller things, such
cupboards, shelves, tables, and so on.

They have painted three or for of the build-
ings, as we.l as a dozen big barricade signs for
use in roadwork. They do every bit of labor
about the camp, from cooking to running the
great motor truck. Five men, including the
two cooks are detailed for the regular camp-
work. The other fifteen work on the roads.
They have an eight-hour day. By putting in

_extra time on certain days they make up the

week’s total in five days and a half and get

Saturday afternoon free.

There are no cells. The men sleep in the long
main room of the bunkhouse, their cots ranged
in two rows. There is absolutely free communi-
cation among them. There are no rules about
silence at meals or that sort of thing. The
men, the guards, and the foremen all eat in the
same room and have absolutely the same food.
The men may talk together at the table just as
freely as the guards and the foremen may.

When work is done they may amuse them-
selves as they choose. Three well-worn baseball
bats just inside the door bore silent testimony
to many hours of of good, wholesome recreation.
A guitar and three other musical instruments
hung from nails at the heads of as many cots.
Well-thumbed packs of cards and a set of bat-
tered quoits were in evidence.

To the average outsider the chief interest in

(CONTINUED ON PAGE 4)

NO. 40

PROGRESSIVE ARGENTINA

Interesting Lecture on the Country and its
People.

REPORTED By B 6594,

HE first lecture of the Winter Course was
T given last Saturday afternoon, with ster-
eoptican views, in the school room, by a
Professor of the University of Pennsylvania.
The subject was progressiveness of “Argen-
tina,” a country of South America, which is
rapidly developing its resources in agricultural
and manufacturing far in advance of its sister
Republics in the South.

He prefaced his lecture by saying that by
travel and observation, more knowledge can be
acquired and is more effective when applied,
than that gained from the leaves of books.

Argentina to-day is one of the most progres-
sive countries of opportunities in South Amer-
ica. This vast territory is inhabited by about
7,000,000 people, most of them progressive and
industrious.

Cotton, lumber, flax and linseed meal, are
some of the chief exports. More linseed meal is
shipped from Argentina than from any other
country in the world. The views of the stock
yards, of sheep and cattle, as well as the wide
scope of plains with herds and flocks were very
interesting. Tropical products from the north-
ern part of the State, such as oranges, bananas,
lemons, etc., are brought to Buenos Ayres by
boats Grapes grow in abundance; most of
which are made into wine.

The Plaza Hotel, with its magnificent dome,
ball rooms and other accessories makes it the
finest in the world. The Opera House is one of
the largest and handsomest in architectural fea-
tures; and fabulous in expenditure, and grandeur
than any in the world. To gain admittance
tickets must be engaged far in advance. The
Jockey Club building, Spanish Bank, Cathedral
at the head of one of the principal parks form
one of the most picturesque scenes in fthe city.
Aventajado Boulevard is noted as the most
beautiful street in the world—wide, with tall
modern buildings on each side makes it far pref-
erable to the finest in Paris. This was brought
about eight years ago by the President ordering
the city to buy the small houses and makea
street superior to any in the world, and now
there are miles of this beautiful Boulevard.

At the top of the Andes, marking the bound-

ary line between Argentina and Chile, which
had been in dispute between the two countries
for many years, is located a magnificent mon-
ument composed of the metal taken from the
guns of the two great Republics, and erected
jointly by them to commemorate the peaceful
settiement of a discussion which had many times

threatened their peace and prosperity.

