---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_164.jpg
---
2

e

—_—

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M S S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umbpire,
Printing Office. and handed to Overseer, who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with
the writer’s registered number.

4 B 65917 5 ﬁEdkitor.

Wednesday, December 17, 1913

PRISON PAPERS

IN ANOTHER COLUMN we print an excerpt
from a recent number of “Lend A Hand,” the
Oregon prison publication in which the editor
takes credit, along with five other prison period-
icals, for many changes for the betterment of
prison conditions which have taken place within
the past few years.

He admits the existence of some other prison
publications ‘ given over to story-telling, or
Sunday school work, which while laudable in a
way is not productive of much good, as the
public 1s taught nothing of real prison life.”

It is this remark in connection with teaching
the public which the writer wishes to deal :

The circulation of a prison paper is practically
confined to the inmates of the institution in
which it is published. The great big, busy pub-
lic rarely sees it. The few copies that do find
their way outside the walls are looked upon
with interest solely because they represent the
work of a class of men who are not supposed to
have any attainments other than the ability to

blow a safe or “stick up” a What the
To harp

man.
editor says carries little, or no wei‘ght.
upon conditions with a view to mitigating them
is alike to beating against the stone wall with
the naked hand, and does as much good.  A-
side from its futulity, it adds to the discontent
and self-commiseration of a body of men who
are casily influenced toward self-pity, and can-
not possibly aid in the betterment of their en-
vironment; their state of health, or their peace
of mind.

Prison officials do not take kindly to suggest-
ions from their charges, even though presented
in type. It appears to be a matter of principle

with them to turn a deaf ear to any such,
though they must admit there are at times con-
siderable merit in some of the suggestions.
Large business interests encourage suggestions
from their employees, and give prizes for the
best ones offered, but not prison wardens. It
is doubted if “Lend A Hand” can point to a
single one of its recommendations which has

been adopted by the officials or the public.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 17, 1913

When vast business interests combine in a
nation wide newspaper campaign designed to
influence the public in favor of some project
they have in view; spending hundreds of thous-
ands of dollars in doing so, and then fail, as
they often do, the idea of a prison ‘paper with
its restricted circulation, teaching the public
anything, is not only a presumption, but the
veriest tommy-rot.

The UMPIRE attaches primary importance to
its obligations to those in whose interests it is
published—the inmates, and if once in a great
while, it is successful in teaching some little
good to only one man, it will be well pleased,
and defer taking up the education of the public,
until the State puts in a dozen Linotypes, a
“Hoe Octuple,” and we have a half million cir-

culation on the outside.

A CORRESPONDENT of a local paper agrees
with the UMPIRE in attaching the blame for the
cigarette habit among boys to the fathers,
rather than to the poor keeper of a little shop
who is trying to mike an honest dollar. He says:

* * % * % Official records will show that within
a few years the death of many boys has been
caused by the use of cigarettes.

Boys, of course, are blamable for smoking,
but the chief blame must rest upon the fathers,
and it should rest upon them with a very heavy
weight, for it is due to them in a great measure
that the boys get into the habit.

WE HAVE THE Thanksgiving number of the
“Star of Hope,” published by inmates of Sing
Sing prison, with contributing editors in the sev-
eral New York State penal institutions, and—it
is a revalation. We can only take off our hat in
deference and admiration of so much mechanical
beauty, and editorial worth, and say, ‘‘glad to

meet you.”

PRAISEFOR “UMPIRE” WRITER

DEAR EpIiTor:—Please give me a little space
in your paper to thank B 6594 for the beautiful
articles he is contributing, showing the truth to
us in its full value. I hope he will impress these
facts on the minds of all, that they may see beau-
ty and virtue and learn to serve God,rather than
man. B 6594, you have my prayers and best
wishes for a happy and successful life.

B 5074.

A NICE WORD FOR THE EDITOR

To the UmPIrRE Editor:—As a Penal Account-
ant or especial Systematizer, [ wish to say to
your self sagacity of the rejection of ridicule and
criticism over ‘“The Prison Kitchen,”” that the
recent figures and hieroglyphics are erroneous or
ridiculously, and while the majority knows that
Jingles is an inebriated Prison degenerate on le-
vity. While Mr.——being a Monumental liar
and last Penal Journalism with a half wit for an
Editor, is an insidious intriguer the insane ex-
cuse for such an erring hypothesis.

Hereafter, young man be careful of your four-
flushing another mendacity. (Signed)

AN OBSERVER.

AMONG THE POETS

THE WORKERS

Within these prison walls confined,
Labor many men, of many minds
Some are working at their task;
Others working with the last.
Some make tidies, some make shawls—
A few are wrestling with the awls.
A number rolling time away,
Making cigars day by day,
They are satisfied to be,
Wrapping up to-ba-kee.
Strong men bending in a row,
They are punching out the dough,
In a room of too much strife,
They are making the staff of life.
In the fire-room—what’s this I see?
The needle points to ninety-three!
And if the steam should take a fall,
The stoker sure would get a call.
In the wash house men of woes
Makee pasttime, washee clothes.
These are'men of the fleeting hour,
Working with the Arm-strong power,
In this famous launde-ree,
There’s no such man as ‘‘One-Lung-Lee,"”
Here they wash ’em, while you wait—
All are working for the State,
Weavers, weaving all the day,
Working hard to earn their pay.
Action puts in them some mettle;
All are busy throwing shuttles.
To the man who weaves the sheeting—
To him I send a ‘‘Chrismas Greeting.”
—B6815

SIX PRISON PAPERS

In the penitentiaries of six states are published
periodicals that are of great value in their fight
for the under dog. Prisoners do not ask for maud-
lin sympathy or sentiment of the sloppy varie-
ty, and there is no class of people on earth who
turn on that sort of rot quicker than a convict.

Most of us realize that society must have some
method of dealing with and controlling its refrac-
tory brother, some place to keep him in bound
—hence jails and penitentiaries. In the past,
vindictive punishment and inhuman treatment
has been meted out regardless of future effects
in retaliation upon society. This was all wrong,
and no one knew it better than the victim.

It is for the purpose of changing or correcting
this erroneous method that prison papers are pub-
lished, and in consequence thereof many changes
have been and are being made that may be cred-
ited to the efforts of such periodicals as LEND A
HAND, of Orgon; REFLECTOR, of North Dakota;
MONITOR, of Texas; MIRROR, of Minn.: News,
of Ohio; Goop Worbps, ot Georgia. All of these
periodicals are continually setting forth in a
new light, conditions as they were in old days,
as they are today; and as should and will exist,
in the future. There are other prison papers ptb-
lished besides those mentioned above, but many
are given over to story telling or Sunday School
work, which, while laudable in a way, is not
productive of much good, as the public is taught
nothing of real prison life.

LeEND A Hanp would like to see all prison pa-
pers direct their efforts toward prison affairs,
and no doubt they would do so if censorship
were removed to a reasonable degree, thereby
making their publication really one for and by
the prisoners in place of officials.—LEND A HAND

Reprinted from the Ohio Penitentiary New s.

