---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_165.jpg
---
|
i

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 17, 1913

MORAL ESSAYS

CONTENTMENT.

By 6594

It seems true that -the fountain of content-
ment must spring up in our minds: and if we
have so little knowledge of human nature as to
seek contentment by changing anything but our

own disposition we will waste our life in fruitless

efforts, and multiply griefs which we purpose to
remove. The chief secret of a comforting, con-
tented spirit lies in not suffering trifles to vex us
and in prudently cultivating our undergrowth of
small pleasures.

We make ourselves wretched by not cultivat-
ing cheerfulness and taking things as they come,
looking on the bright side, trusting God as we
go on our way.

You have noticed that contentment and hap-
piness is not always found in palaces, fancy cot-
tages and homes, in riches nor in poverty, in
learning nor in ignorance, nor in any sphere of
life but only in doing right motives and doing
one’s whole duty toward God and man.

~There is nothing more natural than for every
one to try to be content, and nothing is more
substantial and satisfactory but supreme good.
The deeper we go and the larger we drink
the better contented we are and, and thus we
can attain the summit and perfection of this
possession and then only are able to learn and
say ‘“‘for I have learned in whatsoever state [ am
therewith to be content.”

The reason that so many of us are not con-
tent with our state and condition with such
things that we have or confront us is that we
have not learned that “Godliness with content-
ment is great gain’’ It isa pearl of great price
and if we procure it at the expense of ten thous-
and desires, it makes a wise puichase.

In my own life, how often have I thought, to
gain this grace was like a beautiful butterfly,
which when pursued, was always just beyond
my grasp, but when, if I sat still and quiet it
came and alighted on me. . When you are dis-
contented try it and look on the bright side of
everything and you will soon acquire this '‘pearl
of great price.”” Remember for every bad there
might be a worse, and if you break your leg be
thankful that it was not your neck. Thisis
the true spirit of cheerfulness and submission—
one of the most beautiful traits that can possess
a human heart. Resolve to see the world on the
sunny side. and you will almost have won the
battle of life. It is not a matter of great talent,
not entirely a matter of great energy; but rather
of earnestness and honesty, and of that quaet,
constant energy, which is like a soft rain gently
penetrating the soil. Therefore, it is rather a
grace than a gift. ;

Contentment will help us to go through the
world much easier, cheerfully and pleasantly
then when we have a frown upon our brow and
a morose feeling in our heart as though the east
wlnd was always blowing, which will always
make us discontented and disagreeable to our-
selves and others. 5

The contented mind has a continual feast and
brings the chief end of man—which is happiness.

We know there are very few of us happy and
real contented—that is, we are not contented
to-day, but expect a full measure of to-morrow.
To-morrow is a great way off. We look for it
and must have it to enjoy life. We all can have
it if we will. Throw care and fretting to the
winds. Plant good seed, reap a good crop. Be
kind to all. Follow the Golden Rule. Ifyou
do you will have very little trouble. Most of it
is imaginary anyway, so let uslook on our suc-
cess, not failures.

PITTSBURG VICE REPORT

Recommends That Criminals and Degenerates

Should Be Sterilized

Many and various have been the commissions
and committees, self-appointed, and otherwise
that have been investigating the social evil for
many years, but probably the best report that
has ever been submitted in this connection is
that of the Morals and Efficiency Commission,
of Pittsburg, just made public.

This commission has been delving into causes
of crime among men and women for the past
two years, and the result of their investigations
has led to opinions that may be summed up in
a short sentence : ‘Ultimate elimination by
gradual restriction.” It finds that elimination
is not impossible if the commercial profit can
be taken out of vice, but segregation is not
possible, it claims.

The toll of human life and treasure exacted
by commercial vice is simply appalling. The
remedies suggested for the evil include better
housing, better wages for mer and women, and
consequently better home influences; morc ac-
tivity on the part of the churches, and educa-
tion of parents and children alike in the sex
problems. Continuing the report says :

“The practices of vice should be rigorously
punished, but that itself is an educational poli-
cy. It is certain, however, that every step to
better housing and cheaper living is a step in
the direction of healthier morals.

¢/

Good wages
and low rents encourage earlier marriage. Fam-
ily life and home joys are the preventives of #li-
cit passion and roving pleasure.

We should have educational movements to
inculcate a saner philosophy of life. Not, -
deed, the sort of education which, by prolong-
ing the period of a young men’s dependency to
nearly the thirtieth year, causing marriage to be
deferred, but the sort of education that makes
young men self-supporting in honest industries,
makes them producers instead of parasites;
teaches young women the neglected domestic
vocations and the forgotten virtue of economy;
teaches them that true happiness is in the sim-
ple life and the love of home. Church, and
school, and press—the three great educational
agencies of our time—have all neglected their
duty in this regard.

Some of the recommendations are:

‘“Iegislation providing a minimum wage for
women and minors, together with obligatory
moral and hygienic protective measures to be
used by extensive employers of female labor.

“Confirmed criminals and degenerates should
be sterilized.

Il SAID TO BE FUNNY

“Poet can sing ‘Il Trovatore’ in five sharps.”

““That’s nothing, the Corsican Brothers sang
it in six flats and had to move each time.”’

* X * b

“Seven years ago,”’ remarked Blink, *‘Tarrived
in this town with only a dollar, and it is here I
got my first start.”

“Indeed, you must have invested very wisely.
What did you do with your first dollar?”’

“Wired home for money.”

£ 3
* *

“Are you the same man who ate my mince
pie last week?”’

“No ma'm I will never be the same man
again.”

*
* *

“Jerry, if you eat any more of that pot-pie
you will get sick, and we will have to send for
the Doctor.”

“All right. Let’s have another slab, and then
send for the Doctor.”

* *

A whisper from ‘‘Rocky:’’

I'm gonna go down to the Warden’s house,

And swipe his brand new Winter blouse.

His nice white cap, his trousers too,

Before I make the grand skiddoo.

%
* £

Mrs. Knicker—Is your husband hard to get
along with?

Mrs. Bocker—Very. If I give him a poor din-
ner he wants a divorce, and if I give him a good
dinner he calls it lobbying.

* i *

A young lady telephone operator recently at-
tended a watch-night service and fell asleep du-
ring the sermon. At the close the preacher said:
“We will now sing hymn number threeforty-one
—three forty-one.”

The young lady just waking in time to hear
the number, yawned and said: “The line is busy.
Please call again.”

% ¢ *

“Do you act toward your wife as you did be-
fore you married her?”

“Exactly. I remember just how I used to hang
over the fence in front of her house and gaze at
her shadow on the curtain—afraid to go in. And
[ act the same way now when I get home late.”

P
* sk

Willie, aged four, crawled into the crib of his
little brother, Philip, the other morning and fair-
ly smothered him with endearments

“Oh, Philip, Philip,” he murmured. “I love
you so much I could murder you.'!

The next morning there was a repetition of
the previous scene. Little Philip stood it as long
as he was able and then cried out; “Huh, huh;
what's this, another murder?”

%
* %

It was Sunday, and two small boys were in-
dustriously digging in a vacant lot, when a man
who was passing stopped to give them a lecture.

“Don’t you know that it is a sin to dig on
Sunday unless it be a case of necessity?’’ asked
the good man.

“Yes sir,” timidly replied one of the boys.

“Then, why don’t you stop it?”

“Cause this isa case of necessity,” replied
the little philosopher. ‘A fellow can’t fish with-
out bait.”

3

