---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_166.jpg
---
S

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 17, 1913

I THINGS TALKED ABOUT

The State Board of Pardons will act on an un-
sually large number of cases to-day in order to
dispose of the annual Christmas rush.

Not zatisfied yith “votes for women,” they
are now organizing and crying ‘“votes for chil-
dren.” Wouldn’t be at all surprised to hear
them shout “Votes for Prisoners.”

——0——

Up in Reading, C. E. Parkes, a traveling man
was kept in jail for two months and 11 days
awaiting trial because of a $1 hotel bill. Oh, you
Reading!

.—O—.

Miss Olive May Wilson, a 17 year old girl
from Jenkintown, will play Miss Santa Claus to
5000 children of this city including 53 of the
children of men now in this place, who are de-
prived of giving this pleasure for themselves.

a———.o.—

Railroad men say that while at this time last
year there was a general congestion of freight,
today there are idle cars everywhere. Eastern
railroads continue to lay off men, while in Chi-
cago and Cincinnati, the number of idle is grow-
ing so large, the city authorities have taken the
matter in hand with a view to furnishing work
and relieving the situation.

Jobs are scarce and not so easy to be gotten,
S0 once more wc caution patience, and a good
appetite.

_O—

The Rev. Zed Hetzel Copp, (significant name)
drew a large crowd of unemployed men to the
Cohocksink Baptist Church, one night last week,
through an advertisement stating that he would
tell his congregation how to secure work.

He told them to start at City Hall and go
eastward on Market street, and stop in every
store and ask for employmefit. “You will ob-
tain employment before you go a few squares,”’
he said.

It is every way evident that the Rev. Copp
has never tried the experiment, or he would not
have spoken so recklessly. The scheme might
work once in a while in almost any other section

in Philadelphia, but never in the territory he
prescribed.

—.O—_

Little Mary, loaded down with gifts of every
description left for her new home up State last
Monday. On Saturday she called on her differ-
ent friends including the UMPIRE to say good
bye.

The officers and men all played Santa Claus
for her with the resuft that she carried with her
many presents of money, clothings, toys, dolls,

etc., and not the least important, a handsome
coach.

—.0_

The whipping of convicts in Delaware has
such a splendid deterrent effect,, that City of
Wilmington has increased its police force. To
signalize this event, a vicious burglar, or yegg-
man, visited the home of a recently cre-
ated policemen, during his absence, and carried
away, fifteen pullets out of a collection of eight-
een. Papers don’t state when the whigping will
take place.

_O—.
On December 9, Governor Tener was unani-

mously elected president of the National Base-
ball League for a term of four years, at a salary

in excess of $10.000 per year.
Just as soon as the Republicans make up

their minds to permit Col. Roosevelt have his
way for eight years, and they are then in a
position to resume control of the Nation, there
is no great reason why the Governor should not
be able to continue the honor of the title, and
make his headquarters in Washington. If that
should happen, I shall come forward and claim
the Ambassordorship to Russhia as the “original
Tener man,” and if it doesn’t, why no one will
ever know. The moral, as Jingles would say,
is, “never lose your opportunities.” —Miich.

WARDEN PLEADS FOR PRISONERS

The Warden entertained the Jovian Electri-
cal League during a luncheon atthe Bingham Ho-
tel last week, with his experiences of many years
as a police officer and later, as a prison warden.

He said if the average criminal was better un-
derstood there would be a reversal of opinion in
his favor, and greater inclination to give him
a chance. “I am not a bit sentimental,” he said
“I never was Inall myyearsof police experience
my aim was to run down criminals and bring
them to justice Thatis right and necessary,
but having once punished a man for his crime,
why blast his whole career for it? Why not give
him a fighting chance to reform and make good?

. He told of instances where convicts had dona-
ted their savings to help distressed families of
other convicts. He condemned the attitude of
some ministers who visit the prison and in talk-
ing to convicts assume such an air of superiority
that the prisoners resent it. He said this attitude
made convicts more bitter against mankind, in-
stead of softening them.

Work, said the Warden, was the best preven-
tive of crime, and if all men were taught trades
and trained in industry from childhood it would
cut down crime 50 per cent.

In conclusion he pleaded for charity and kind-
ness in considering the unfortunate men who
have gone so far wrong, and give them another
chance.

b

A CONVICT ROAD CAMP

(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1)

this experiment is the  fact thata wholesome
life has been offered these thirty men in exchange
for the regular prison regime. Itis true that they
have guards. The five keepers occupy one of the
wings of the bunkhouse. This house is built in
the shape of a cross, with the two short arms in
the middle. One arm is the guards’ quarters, the
other contains the shower baths and toilet facili-
ties.

One guard is on duty in the centerof the bunl:
house at night. Of the other four, one remains
at the camp during the day, and the other three
go out with the road gangs. Naturally they
are armed. But they do not wear their revolvers
conspicuously, and as for the usual spectacle of

a man with a shotgun, it is absolutely unknown
around Don’t Worry Camp.

“UMPIRE" ADS DO THE BUSINESS

Editor UMPIRE:—Please stop my ad. in your
paper, as [ sold out my whole stock of inlaid
boxes two days after the notice appeared.

B 5649

SEND us the New Year’s resolutions you con-
template making, and we will print them in the
UMPIRE, that you may keep in them mind.

Do your Christmas Skopping Early and Often.

FOR SALE—Xmas Post Cards in oils, water
colors and tinsel. Also paintings and crayons
of beautiful subjects to order. B 5384 Fourth
Block. :

FOR SALE—Christmas and New Year Cards,
last call. Men who want cards should send
for Jingles, 8th Block, at once.

FOR SALE—Shults’ vest pocket Higher Mathe-
matics. Price 25 cents. B 4545 Fifth Block.

FOR SALE—Handsomely designed tidies and
shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery

FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth
Block.

FOR SALE—Handsome tidies, slawls, bed
spreads, centerpieces, paintings on linen. All
done by hand. Prices range from $1.50 up-
ward. B 5323, Ninth Block.

FOR 'SALE-Ball tidies chawls ondie N
Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth
Block:

%Oi(kSALEV—InlAaid frames, different sizes: jew-
el boxes, walking canes, etc. Will sell to in-
mates reasonable. B4765, 12th. Block.

FOR SALE—A beautiful Xmas gift for Mother
The Lord’s Prayer, done in black and gold,
with handsome scroll border, and framed in
either mission or gilt moulding. Prices from
$1.50 to $10. according to size. Jingles, Eighth
block. (Always on the job)

FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, button-hooks,
butter knives, also will repair Phonographs.
Locks and keys for sale. Prices reasonable
B 5826, Ninth Block

FOR—SAIE—;éarpentréir»’swchiest of tools, —c.om—
plete. B 5295, Sixth Gallery.-

EOR SALE—VCé;éryrbir»d;, sweet singing male
birds excellent female breeders, from $1.50
up. B 5532, Seventh Gallery.

FOR SALE—Ships in glass cases, $3 each; com-
bination sand wind mill $2.50; unsinkable, self-
steering sail boats from 25¢. to $2.50; acrobats
that jump, 25c. each. Xmas houses; the Nati-
vity $2.50 to $3.50. B 3847 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes of every description;
Glove jewel, handkerchief etc., from $2.50 to
$5. All work with piano finish. B 3133, Seven-
Block.

MISCELLANEOUS

SHORTHAND—If you have a common school
education, and will study, I will teach you the
rudiments of the Pitman system in six weeks
for $5. After that it wlll be up to you to be a
real Stenographer. B 6591, Seventh Gallery.

MUSIC Edited, arranged, composed, transposed
and copied for all instruments, combination
of instruments or voice.

Song poems set to music; work done neatly
and at moderate charge. B 5467, 7th. Block.

PORTRAITS copied and done in water colors.
Also cards for Xmas, New Year Birthdaysetc.
Also fancy colored sketches all worth framing.
Reasonable to inmates. B5163 7th Block.

