---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_167.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. 2

THE UMPIRE

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 24, 1913

Printed and Published
By Inmates of the E.S.P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

#inly Ninht

S ILENT night! Holy night!
All things sleep save the bright
And most holy adorable pair.
Holy Child, with ringletted hair,
Sleep in heavenly peace,
Sleep in heavenly peace.

Sulent night! Holy night!
Son of God, Ah! how bright
Smiles Thy love on heavenly lips!
"T'is the first Salvation Morn!
Christ, the Saviour is born!
Christ, the Saviour, is born!
 Franz Gruber

“AND A KING IS BORN”

The Child of Bethlehem

By Mitch

INETEEN hundred and thirteen years

ago there was born of Mary in a lowly sta-

ble in the city of Bethlehem, a Man Child.

And as its feeble wail burst upon the air it was
breathing for the first time, we are told the stars
in the firmament became motionless, and the hea-
vens became illuminated, so that it was as bright
as noon-day upon the earth.

And with the first feeble wail from the tiny
child, there came a revolution of mankind. From
the moment it was proclaimed, ’A King is born,”’
a proclamation that sent Herod, and his soldiers
on an errand of butchery of infants throughout
the kingdom, down through the long centu-
ries to the present time, the life that came into
being on that wintry night has wrought its in-
fluence on mankind everywhere—and ever will.

It is for the birth of that Child we sing to-day,
and will forever sing.

He came into the world to teach a new doc-
trine, a new faith, a hope of life everlasting, a
revelation of man’s duty to man, and to his God.
And through the teaching of this faith He gave
up His life that we should be benefitted by His
death. And so He passed away.

But the lessons that He taught; the example
of His life, the words He spoke, have come down
through countless vicissitudes; through fire and
flood, and war. Through outpourings of blood
and treasure, when men vielded up everything
they held most dear on this earth, and whenthat
was gone, gave up their one last supreme posses.
sion—their life; all-that the Divine Word He
spoke should be disseminated to the -uttermost
parts of the Earth. :

And so He passed away, but He is born again,
and will continue to be born in the hearts of

men. And as He is so born in their hearts, then
at each birth there arises to Heaven a song;a
glad song, a song of peace, of joy, of good will to
ward men. :

The birth of this Child was the most revolu-
tionary event in the history of the world. From
the moment the three Magi following the direc-
tion of the star fixed in the heavens over the sta-
ble in Bethlehem and beheld the Child of their
vision, the changes began; and these changes are
constantly taking place in the hearts of men,
and through their hearts into their deeds, influ-
encing conditions, and making everything and
everybody better for this birth.

That civilization has about attained its high-
est pinnacle is due to the spread of the Word of
this Child of Bethlehem. The vast differences be-
tween the peoples of this earth at the present
time, and those who lived before His coming we

(B lory to

Bon

in the highest
ann on Larth

Yeare
Gnon il
toarn Men

At

owe to this Child: this Prince of Peace. That we
are better fed, Fetter clothed, better housed, bet-
ter informed and enjoy the faith of an everlast-
ng life, is entirely due to the advent of this mir-
aculous Child—this Son of God—this one great-
est gift, of all Divine gifts] from an all-wise Crea-
TORS

It is the joy of this great gift which inspires
the feeling to have all partake of it with us.
The feeling of good fellowship which overwhelms
us at this season is inherent, natural, and cannot
be set .aside by reason of stress of circumstance.

It is a day of great joy and feasting, but in the
midst of it there should also be a feeling of deep
appreciation. For everything we possess of ma-
terial or intellect, and of the sweetest of all emo-
tions, the power to love; all we have and enjoy,
is because of that feeble wail, of that little child
in the lowly stable, in the city of Bethlehem.

A CHRISTMAS DINNER
In Cherry Hill, A. D. 1950

S the restless tiger incessantly paces his iron

cage sensing the approach of the keeper

with his daily allowance of raw meat, so the men
of Cherry Hill restlessly walked the floor of
their czlls, eagerly listening for sounds heralding
the approach of their annual Christmas banquet.
A single clap of hands, and then the silence of
the immense blocks and galleries was broken
with the scurrying feet of Overseersand run-
ners. An instant later the clash of iron against
iron, as the heavy keys were thrust into locks,

crashed against the ear, and the monotonous |

sound of opening door after door, indicated that
the hour had approached. As the bell in the
tower tolled “one’” there was another clap of
hands, and men began to dart from the door-
way of their cells as prairie dogs from their bur-
rows. Standing each in front of his own door,
erect, but alert, they formed a-long thin blue
line waiting for the word of command, as sol-
diers in open formation.

Those standing on the galleries looking upon
the blocks below, saw long tables covered with
snowy cloths stretching one-third the distance
down the corridor, on each side of which camp-
chairs had been placed. Beginning at the ex-
treme end, and at distances of about five feet,
were gorgeousl| bunches of white, crisp celery,
topped with their own beautiful varying shades
of green. Between these, were ‘glass stands
filled with the deep rich red of the native cran-
berry, and between these again were large bas-
kets of fruit, oranges, bananas, figs, and malaga
grapes. Flanking these toothsome dainties were
large platters of candied sweet potatoes, and
near by, huge vegetable dishes overflowing with
whipped white potatoes. Japanese nut boats,
filled with assorted nuts, candies and raisins,
also found a place on the generous table, while
in th_e center, was a tall Christmas tree, its
lower branches cut away to avoid obstructing
the view, and suspended from its boughs, were
many bundles of little cigars, tied up with nar-
row strips of holly colored ribbon. This was
the scene on every block, for the arrangement of
each was identical. And everywhere and over
all, were long streamers of evergreen, holly and
mistletoe, with Larry Redmond’s rubber plants
occupying places of honor.

The Orchestra and Band were on the Center,
and at a signal from Prof. Wiegandt the inspir-
ing sounds of ‘“The Washington Post March”
burst upon the ear, and the long blue lines ex-
tending from the ‘“rim of the wheel,” began to
move with measured steps along the “spokes’
toward the “‘hub.” As they reached the neck
of each block, the march was continued between
the aisles formed by the tables, until the first

man reached the last place; then they all turned,
(CONTINUED ON PAGE 4)

NO, 41 |

J

1
