---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_168.jpg
---
-

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 24, 1913

HE UMPIRE
its

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

M SS—Orlgmal matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All commummtlons should be addressed The Umpire,
Printing Office. and handed to Overseer; who will see
to delivery.

To insure attention, all -articles must be signed with
the writer’s regxstered number.

B 6591 : Editor.

Wednesday, December 24, 1913

IMBUED with the love and charity inspired by
the Day, the UMPIRE extends to its readers, in-
cluding the officials of the institution, executive
and subordinate, and to their relatives and
friends, its best wishes for a Merry Christmas
and a happy, contented and prosperous New
Year.

THE BERFILLON, SY.STEM.

FOrR MORE THAN twenty years the world has
bowed in deference to the genius of M. Bertillon,
and his wonderful system of

1dent1ﬁcat1on
through minute measurements of the human
frame, and of the marks and scars upon the
body. This country heard of this remarkable
system, for over five years, before it became in-
terested in the great possibilities it offered for
the identification of criminals. Police and pri-
son officials were sent abroad to study the man-
ner of its use, and Major McClaughrey, of the
Joliet Prison, at that time, wrote a book fully
illustrated, which was used as a text book for
the students of criminal identification in the
United States.

It was prophesied that the days of the crim-
inal were over; for he could never evade the offi-
cers of the law while his Bertillon measurements
were on file in every police centre in the coun-
try. Central office men felt that they might
lose their jobs, through lack of crime to be de-
tected, and Socxety smiled complacently, and
said “at last.” But with all of its claims to ef-
fectiveness, and well nigh infallibility, it is
doubted if a criminal was ever caught through
his Bertillon measurements, or that they were
of the slightest value to the police after he had
been caught. And for the very simple reason
that you must first catch your man before he
can be measured. After he is under lock and
key, it doesn’t make any difference if his r. ear
is 7.5 or 5.7; or if his nose is rec cav. or VEX; or
if he has a rec. cic. at r. ant. frm. 6 above bd

of wrist; or not; you have got him. He may be
identified as a man who has been arrested before
and served his time, but that is not an indict-
able offense. Its most formidable use then is to
make the case against the accused as black as
possible, and that we regret to say, is what it is
the most extensively used for to-day. Fortun-
ately, the police cannot pick men off the street
indiscriminately and lug them off to a Bertillon
room to be measured. And unfortunately for
the officers of the law, a criminal does not leave
his measurements at the scene of his crime for

their benefit, so as it was said before, the Bertil-
lon system loses all value as a means of detect-
ing criminals for the very reason, that you have
got to' catch him first, and having caught him,

it doesn’t make any difference what his meas-

urements are.

Possibly M. Bertillon was aware of this weak-
ness of his system, when he cribbed the idea of
finger prints from the Chinese, who used it two
thousand years ago,and added it to his own plan.

Finger prints as a means of identification are
as near infallible as anything possibly can be.
The Chinese and Japanese are very thorough in
all they undertake, and it is very difficult to im-
prove upon their methods. M. Bertillon thought
differently. He devised a system of indexing
these prints, so that any special finger mark
couid be referred to in an instant. He hasa
similar system of indexing in connection with
his measurement plan, and it is so comp!licated
in its requirements, that if a single error is made
in the filing of a card, that card is almost as
hopelessly lost as a needle in a hay stack.

About two yearsago Vinci's priceless painting
known as the “Mona Lisa’’ was stolen from the
Louvre in Paris. The most famous detectives
in the world kept up a hopeless search for the
famous painting, and the man who stole it
While we have said a criminal does not usually
leave a copy of his Bertillon measurements be-
hind him to aid the officers, yet in this case the
thief left dozens of imprints of his fingers on the
glass covering the picture, which he removed so
as to permit of his cutting it from the frame.
M. Bertillon and his assistants pondered over
these prints, and could not “match’” them with
any in their collection of 750,000.

The other day, the thiet surrendered the pic-
ture and his person, and then it was discovered
that upon two different occasions he had sub-
mitted to the recording of his finger marks, and
they were in the files of the Department at the
time of the depredation, but never located.

M. Bertillon attributes the failure of his sys-
tem in this case to the fact that only the im-
print of the right thumb is used for classification
or indexing purposes, and the wretch who stole
the “Mona Lisa” left the imprint of every other
finger he possessed, except that right thumb.

This was a piece of gross carelessness on his
part, entitling M. Bertillon to the cordial sym-
pathy of all good people, who must deprecate
the vicious character of the thief as evidenced
by his failure to meet up with the requirements
of the famous system. Our own dear P. T. Bar-
num was the veriest tyto in comparison with
Lombroso, Bertillon, and kindred scientists.

THE WARDEN rcceived a letter the other day
from an elderly couple, stating that they wished
to contribute something toward the pleasure of
any men in the institution who were entirely
alone and friendless, and requesting the name
of any such.

The Warden could not recall any,
Chaplain remembered that there was
man in the whole place who appeared

distressingly situated, and his number
to the generous couple.

There are loads and loads of good people in
this good old world.

but, the
just one
to be so
was sent

AMONG THE POETS

Chree Kings

Three Kings go riding into town,
Under the fading sky;

At dusk into small Bethlehem town
Three Kil}gs go riding by.

Dim men upon dim camels there,
As in a dream of old;

The tang of myrrh across the air;
A wavering glint of gold.

And all the folks come running out—
They look so dim and high— :

Frcm the gray doors the folks run out,
To see three Kings go by.

Silent they stand out in the lane,
Along the fading ground.

The camel’s hoofs strike thick and plain—
It is the only sound.

And after, not a word is spoke.
They draw the latch and sigh.

It is not oft that humble folk
Do see three Kings go by.

Three Kings ride into Bethlehem town,
They ride from far and far;
Three Kings go riding into town,

Accompanied by a star. —Selzcted.

THE YULE-TIDE PHILOSOPHER

They say nobody loves a fat man, but ez for
me Santa Claus allers looks pretty gocd, spite o’
thet equator o’ his’n.

It’s one o’ the wise pervisions o’ Nature, my
son, thet they hain’t never yet been a stockin’
so small it wouldn’t hold a nice fat Christmas
check, pervided some one had a mind to put one
into it.

When a feller’s goin’ through this life with a
grouch on everythin’ in sight his Christmas ab-
sence is a derned sight more desirable then his
Christmas presence.

When I see'a gal with rosy cheeks and smilin’
lips and a sort of a wink in her eye standin’ un-
der a sprig o' mistletoe, it beats me how any-
body can say he don’t believe in Christmas.

I don’t believe in a man’s ever deceivin’ his
wife, but I guess we’ll hafter fergive the feller
thet pretends to be supprized with the knit
gloves she’s been makin’ fer his Christmas all
fall, when he’s known all along whut she was
goin’ to give him.

The feller thet sets out to destroy a child’s be-
lief in Santa Claus had oughter be dern sure be-
forehand thet he’s goin’ to be able to step in and
take the old boy’s place hisself

Santa Claus is a pretty human sort of a feller,
but all the same he’s the only feller I ever heerd
on thet didn’t care to be seen givin’ things away. |

The toughest luck I ever had in my life, Jede-
diah, was some years ago when I seed the pretti-
est girl in town standin’ under a sprig o’ mistle-
toe and me with a cracked lip. ——Selecled.

DON'T FORGET to send your New Year
resclutions to the UMPIRE office before next
Mo nday. Be sure to attach your number

m“
““

]

