---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_169.jpg
---
L

A CHRISTMAS MESSAGE

To the Inmates of this
Institution

Christmas is the giving time, a preparation
for the living time of next year. More and
more the principle of giving instead of getting
is seen to be the olject of life.
piness will be attained only when every Institu-
tion is organized on that basis, and all people

have that ideal.
Christmas is the time of peace on earth, when

we are all children together, forgetting every
animosity. It is for the reconciliation of our
differences and the extension of our fel-
lowship. To convince each inmate that he may
have as much of a part in this spirit as he will,
that this annual Christmas Message is sent to
all prisoners. Some of you have heard a similar
message from me before, but this one is the
good news that times have changed.

The attitude of the public toward the prison-
er is changing with the process of the suns, and
with the progress of the sons’ of men, and with
the wider adoption of the good old Golden Rule.

Ten years ago my first Yuletide greeting to
prisoners was like a voice in the wilderness of
prejudice and distrust. To-day this expression
of your highest hopes and possibilities is an echo
of what one hears on every hand and reads in
every magazine. It is the first time in the his-
tory of the world that the offender has had a
chance to make good. Society seems ready to
accept and practice the gospel of forgiveness.

Do not conclude, however, that society sanc-
tions sin. Crime will always be horrible, and
never heroic. Honor is bestowed, not because
of wrong doing, but in spite of it. Your judges
are not blind to badness, but they see the good-
ness that is greater. _

There isa new recognition of the fact that
temptation is transient, while the higher aspira-
tion abides. All men would have you know
what you have but dimly guessed, that dissipa-
tion is destructive, while character is cumula-
tive. Society as never before is confessing its
responsibility for misfcrtune, for limited oppor-
tunity and tor the handicap of the hindmost
man. DBut this does not relieve the individual
from doing his best. >

As the friendly interpretator for the prisoners
to the public, allow me to remind you once
again that the door of opportunity is open as
never open before. Now that the states are
making better provision for parole, probation
and honor systems, each may fairly rise or fall
by his own efforts. Now that employers are
generally willing to forget the past, and give re-
leased prisoners a place to prove their merits,
none need resort to divious devices and dishon-
or. Better than ever, the Central Howard As-
sociation is prepared, by wider recognition and
co-operation, to extend the friendly hand to the
man who really wants to start right. The
twelve thousand men who came to us, have
taught us much. We know whata man can do
if he will, in spite of misfortune, a broken rec-
od and fractured faith as an asset. The cour-
age and persistence of effort shown by these
men, has been our inspiration, and can be dupli-

The largest hap-

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 24, 1913

cated by you.

Our offer of help is made freely if you will
accept it gladly. Write me of your hopes and
of your needs. However little of promise the
future may seem to have in store for you,
be the best you know how to be now. Give
kindness to your associates and serve well in
the task assigned; for you are on a voyage
of self-discovery.

F. Emory Lyon, Sup'’t.
Central Howard Ass'n.
1245 Monon Bld'g.
Chicago, III.

December 24, 1913.

CHRISTMAS EXERCISES

Christmas will be ushered into this institution
to-morrow morning at 6 a. m. when a detail from
the Band will render a number of beautiful sa-
cred songs appropriate to the day, from a posi-
tion on the center. - :

This will be followed by an ‘“extra breakfast’
at the usual hour, and at noon the Christ-
mas dinner will be served, and consist of the fol-
lowing: AR

MENU
RoAsT OF PRIME BEEF
Brown Gravy
MAasaED WHITE POTATOES — MASHED T URNIPS

Fruit Mince Pie

At 2.30 in the afternoon, the full E. S. P. Band
under the directorship of Prof. Wiegandt will
give a concert on the center, which promises to
be one of unusual quality. The program is prin-
ted in another column, and includes some popu-
lar selections.

Many of the men will be favored individually
by representatives of the different societies, while
all will receive suitable reminders that they are
not alone or forgotten. It is the purpose of the
Warden to make the day as pleasant as possible
for the men, and he extends to all his hearty
wishes for a real Merry Christmas.

STILL ANOTHER

The finger-printing method for the identifica-
tion of criminals may some day be supplanted
by photographing the veins of the hand, accord-
ing to Professor Tamassia, of the University of
Padua, Italy. He is quoted in advocacy of the
new plar, declaring that the merest novice can
detect variations in the veins of the hand, while
long training is necessary ts distinguish differen-
ces in finger prints.

SOME APPROPRIATE GIFTS

For little Jerry—Two feet.

For Yeap—A broad grin.

For Blink— A new sweetheart.

For Ducky—A new horse-shoe (for luck).
For Ban J.—Something to bite on.

For little Ike—A base-ball suit.

“I've written a letter to Santa Claus, and told
him just what I want, and I believe ['ve covered
everything,” said little Willie.

“What did you ask for,” said his mother.

“Two toy shops and a candy store.”

I SAID TO BE FUNNY

*
% k
“Did you come out well on Christmas, Jerry?”
“You bet, I did. I got more than any of the
other guys.”
“How was that?’’
“I got up two hours earlier than they did.”

%
* #*

Mr. Bonsall—What'’s the shape of the earth?

Little Ike—Round.

Mr. B—How do you know it’s round?

Little Ike—All right, it’s square then. I don’t
want to start no argument,

*
* *

A girl wes complaining to her chum just before
Christmas of the way her ‘‘young man’’ was
treating her.

“Speaking of Christmas presents, why don’t
you give him the mitten?’ the friend asked.

“It isn’t a mitten he needs, it’s a pair of socks;
he’s got cold feet.”

*
* *

“Before we were married, Henry,” said the
young wife reproachfully, “you always gave me
the most beautiful Christmas presents. Do you
remember?”’

“Sure,” said Henry cheerfully; “but, my dear,
did you ever hear of a fisherman giving bait toa
fish after he had caught 1t?”

* 3 *

Mrs. Black woke her husband one night and
whispered: ‘‘Larry, there’s a burglar in the par-
lor! He just bumped against the piano and
struck several keys”

s that se?’ ! said arry,
there.”

“Oh, Larry,” whispered the excited  wife,
“don’t do anything rash!”’

“Rash! " replied the busband. “Why I'm
going to help him. You don’t suppose he can
move that piano from the house without assist-
ance, do you?”

I'll go right down

*
* *

“That looks like some crib to crack,’” said the
first burglar to his pal as they passed a suburban
mansion.

“None o’that for me,” said the pal. “One of
the biggest grafters in the United States lives
there.” :

“How do you know that?’ asked the first
burglar.

“I broke in there once and he caught me wit’
the goods on,” said the pal. ‘I had to pay him
fifteen dollars to let me go.”

*
* *

b

“I am glad to see you home, Johnny," said the
father to his small son who had been away at
school, but who was now home on his Christmas
vacation. ‘“‘How are you getting on at school?”’

“Fine,” said Johnny. “I have learned to say

For Jingles—A copy of “Every Man His Own . 4 you’ and ‘If you please’ in French,”

Poet.”’
For the Warden—A bunch of Glad Hands.

“Good!"” said the father. ‘‘That’s-more than
you ever learned to say in English.”

_'Q }
