---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_170.jpg
---
b

k)

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 24, 1913

Merry Christmas !
==
The Rev. Augustine D. Ohol, of India, will
addrers the Saturday afternoon class, on the
27th inst.

—0— 3

Our Christmas dinner comes from the hind-
quarters of steers weighing not less than 1000
pounds each, the very best to be had in the

open market, and not included in the contract

for meats supplied to us throughout the year.

The State Board of Pardons was not so liber-
al at its session last week, as expected. At the
same time it is to be commended for straighten-
ing out some gross cases of injustice, and not
permitting the spirit of the season swerve them
from their better judgment in refusing some
others.

it LB

The benefits accruing by educating the police
are now apparent, for when the police board of
inquiry held their regular session this month,
there was not a single case for it to consider, an
incident unparalled in 20 years.

The men are taught first aid to the injured,
physical and military drill, discipline, patrol du-
ty. the platoon system, the geography of the
city, how to make reports, crimes and offenses,
where and how to make arrests without warrant,
how much force may be used in making an ar-
rest, the collection of evidence, permits and
licenses, and where they may be obtained, and
the professions or trades requiring licenses.

If any poor little children in this city fail to
have a merry Chrismas it will not be the fault
of the many charitable persons and organizations.
Greater preparations have been made in this
connection this year than ever before, and aside
from the work of the Missions, the Salvation
Army, Volunteers of America, and kindred so-
cieties which will feed 10,000 people, Miss
Olive May Wilson, a young girl; will send pre-
sents through the mails to 5000 kiddies. Over
1200 bachelors will play Santa Claus for from
three to 25 children each, while churches of all
denominations will care for their own poor.

el

Moving picture men are organizing in this
city for mutual protection, which means, they
are contemplating raising the price from a nickel
upward. One of the promoters in advocating
this step said if the price was raised from five
cents to ten cents it “‘was possible to make more
money by that scheme.”

The only effect would be to freeze out the lit
tle fellows, and make the big ones, bigger. The
old story in all lines of business.

—O-—.

A prominent real estate man disappeared
from his home in this city with a bank roll,two-
weeks ago, and has just returned declaring he
was a victim, of aphasia—blank mind. It is
noticed when these prominent citizens disappear
in this manner, as they frequently do, they al-
ways have a bunch of money, whiie the aphasia
has them in its grip. When the money is gone,
then old man “aphasia’ disappears. Down in
the “Neck,” they say ‘“Hooligan’s gone on er-
nuther bat ! "

A CHRISTMAS DINNER

(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1)

and in a moment were seated.

On the plate before him, each man found a
paper napkin enfolding two luncheon rolls, tied
with red, white and blue ribbon. While they
were yet inspecting these novelties, a movement
was noticed on the Center and the entire Board
of Inspectors passed along. As they paused for
a moment, the Warden was noticed to give a
few directions, and the Inspectors separated,
each to take a place at the head of one of the
tables. The Chaplain also presided over one of
the tables, while the Deputy and his assistant
took positionsat others, The Warden, resplend-
ant in blue and gold, directedall the movements
from his position alongside of the big bass drum:.
Brother Bill, wearing a new baseball uniform
and carrying one of Frank Baker’s black home-
run bats, was stationed at the ‘‘neck’ to pre-
serve order. Another pause, and then to the air
of ““Alexander’s Rag Time Band,’ a procession
of white-coated and white-aproned men, recruit-
ed mostly from the First block, came into view

Hrogramme
Entry March

¢Qur Director’’

Winterstine

““America’’

March Beyer
¢«“Onward Christian Soldiers’’
Grand Fantasia
“Rose D’Amour’’
Cornet Solo
¢Shepherd’s Morning Song

Waltz

Bleger

Suppe
(B 5163)

Waldteufel
«“The Skater’’
Overture Chr. Bach
<Jubilee’’

Medley March Carrol
«It Takes a Little Bit of Rain with the Sunshine’’
and <“Roll on Missouri Roll on”’
Pilgrims Chorus

Rag

Wagner

Allen
A Rub Down

F. S. Key

«Star Spangled Banner’

“Turkish Towel”’

Final

A.F. W EGANDT, Conducto

carrying long trays of smoking hot portions of
that noble bird of pray, the American turkey.
Two men were required for each tray, and by
its side walked two others with polished knives
and forks. Their duties were soon made known.
“Preacher” gave one of his characteristic whoops,
and shouted:

“Come a-runnin’ boys, come a-runnin’. Pass
her up quick, no time fur foolin’. What? White
meat? Kyant han’le yer. Dark meat fur de
whites, and white meat fur de blacks; dem’s de
ordahs. No suh, kyant han’le yer.”

And so they went all the way down the long ta-

bles until every man was served with a huge
portion.

Everything was going along as merry as a.

wedding in little Itally. The men had no time
for talk, and the quickest eaters received the
most turkey, for there were the Preacher, George
Henry, Ban J., Honus, Slim, Shine, Jore, Big

e R T e B e

%

State has another tract of equal size.

Jack and a score of others in constant attend- l ¢

ance, and all doing their best to satisfy the un-
appeasbale appetites. ‘

As the time passed away, along with the tur-
key and other good things, except the warden,
a further movement was noticed in the direction’
of the truck station, and again waiters appeared
this time carrying baskets of something in bot-
tles. There was a hasty emptying of glasses in
anticipation of a ‘‘fitting climax’’ and then the
corks began to pop. My how it sparkled and
foamed ! Hopes were quickly dashed however,
for the first man to taste it, gasped out between
his choking, “it’s Soda !"”” At the same time it
was very good soda and sparkled like the real
thing. :

The soda being disposed of waiters stepped
forward and began to shake the Christmas trees,
and from their boughs came the bunches of lit-
tle cigars which were seized upon and lighted in
a ‘4iffy.” The Band all the while striving its
utmost to make more noise than the Orchestra
so that between the two there was enough sound
to satisfy a political convention, and then have
some left over for the New Year’s Shooters.
But as the Warden raised his hand, the music
ceased, and he stepped forward evidently in
preparation for a speech. In a moment there
was a tense silence; and then he said :

“My men, [ hope you have all had a good
time. We have selected those things it was
thought you would like best, and you may have

noticed that there were no mince pies, or plum |

pudding. However I am going to give you |

your dessert now, and I know everyone of you
will agree that nothing better could be given to
top off your excellent dinner than the piece of
news [ am about to communicate.” (Cries of
“Hurrah ! Let's have it! Hurry it along!”)

“Very well, you shall have it. I hold in my
hand a communication from the Governor, in
which he states that it his purpose to PAROLE

EVERY ONE OF YOU MEN just as soon—
“BANG!!!" ,
Dang that door ! Why can’t they let a fellow
sleep, and make “Dad” quit yelling
many—Mitch?”

“how

BACK TO THE FARM

South Dakota will have a State farm next
spring, on which penitentiary convicts will be
provided with work. The Board of Charities
and Correction has concluded negotiations for
the purchase of 240 acres just north of the pris-
on grounds. Governor Byrne has been urging
the adoption of such a system. .

- Adjoining the 240 acres just purchased, the
The en-
tire 480 acres will be devoted to prison farming.
Rentals on the land already in the. State’s pos-
session will not expire, however, until 1916, so
that the new land will not be all used until that

time. The State will take possession of the new 1

purchase on March 1.

The contract with the company that pur-
chases the output of the prison shirt factory
will not terminate until July, 1915, and before
that time it would not be possible to transfer
any great number of prisoners from the factory
and binder twine plant to the farm.

g

i

:
%
3
