---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_171.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. 2

THE UMPIRE |-

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 31, 1913

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 42

HOWE VER lowly our lot,
it is within us to so ad-
just our lives and deeds with
our conscience that every year

will be
A HAPPY NEW YEAR

Therefore my fervent wish
to-day is, that each of us shall
begin the work of adjusting
these relative causes. of hap-
piness at once.

THE EDITOR.

THE TURNING POINT

The New Year
"By 6594
EW YEAR'S day always is, and has been

a great time to make resolutions.

Thousands of men and women resolve to lead
better llves but nearly all fail, because they do
not ask God’s help to carry out their resolutions.
Our past life has been stained with many sins,
vices and habits. We all want to be better, and,
the beauty of it is, we can, if we want to. As in-
mates of this institution, we have had ample
time to take a retrospective view of our life. We
. see our own mistakes and what the cause was
that brought us here. Let us resolve now that
whenLiberty comes, the Turning Pointin our life
which offers another chance to be men of use-
fulness. Let it not be spoken of us, “Butit is
happened unto them according to the true pro-
verb, The dog 4s turned to his own vomit again;
and the sow that was washed, to her wallowing
in the mire.”

We have learned that life is a school, and most
of us have had hard benches until dismissal
came, learning but to forget.

In the Turning Point of our life, let it be to
learn to be a man—not a sneak. Let us not be'a
counterfeit of somebody who is but a chapter of
baseness. Hold up your head. No matter if you
don’t have a golden spoon—stockings of wocl or
cotton instead of silk. Strive to be a man, do as
you agree to, or give a a truthful reason.

Man was never made to fear a fellow. God is
the only one outside of your own heart to whom
you must render a balance sheet with your
winding one If you promise, keep faith. If you
pledge, by all means fulfil. Never go about the
streets like a cur that sneaks home toward morn-
ing. Be a man and give your reason. Take no one’s
footings, but run up the column yourself. If you
wish a favor, ask for it like a man, frankly and
honestly. Do not whine, and dodge, and chip
around the edges, but go straight to the centre

at once. If you have aught against a man, out
with it. Never stab in the dark—do not crawl
from bud to blossom—from blossom to fruit of
life, like a snake in the grass, making others shud-

der at your approach and leaving a track of slimy-

scandal to mark your route to death. Learn to
rely on good ideas. Learn to think and act for
yourself, as though you were born to give and
others to follow advice. Don’t buy a blind cat in
a bag, as it may open its eyes. Many a deep
chasm is bridged with rotten planks, Do not
squander your earnings. Paupers are never bu-
ried in beds of roses.

At the close of every day, pause and think.
Look well to the road that you have passed—
look close to the road before you and its differ-
ent branches as it appears to you. Do not re-
trace your steps, as your journey is tedious and
full of scoffers. Success is a thorny path. Bram-
bles, thistles and rocksare left on purpose to hin-
der and deter those who are not brave. Strike
for the future. It is not all of life to live, and not
all of death to die Search your own heart when
all is still Look over accounts carefully and see
who is getting the most credit—you or the devil.
Strike out all the bad thoughts which climb over
the heart-wall and take root within.

Always speak the truth. Learn to be a man
among men, and to be a man of honor. Look a-
bout you and talze warning from others. There
are lessons for the eye as well as for the ear.

We have had the sad experience that it takes
but little to lose a reputation. It takes time to
acquire a good one. When you see a mean act,
set it up as a finger board. Shun it. When you
see or hear of a good noble deed, emulate it. If
not on a large scale, do it on a small one. The
widow’s mite was more precious than gold from
the rich. Make up your mind to be something.

If you cannot drive the horses, you can give
them water; or if you cannot hatch chickens, you
can at least put eggs in the nest. Ill-gotten’gains
are like green fruit. Do not bump intoall sorts
of traps, and pit-falls, merely to please some
one.

There will be a judgment day sometime and
our name will be called and we must answer;
therefore at this Turning Point in our lives,
plantanew the little seeds of love, and true heart-
ed kindnesses which will be a treasure to us,
“forgetting those things things which are behind
and reaching forth unto those things which are
before’ us the New Year.

HONOR SYSTEM GROWING.

With their promise to return the only pledge,
45 boys and young men serving terms in the
Utah State Industrial School were released on
Christmas day by a special ruling by the Board
of Trustees.

They were all able to reach their homes in
time to eat Christmas dinner, and returned to
the State school last Monday.

CON VICT ROAD BUILDERS

Their Employmen't Urged for Improve-

ment of American Highways

HE employment of convict labor in build-

ing highways and a system whereby the
convicts shall receive a certain amount of
the money they earn, so that their families may
not suffer for need of the necessities of life , was
warmly advocated by State officials from several
Southern States at the session of the American
Road Builders’ tenth annual convention in the
First Regiment Armory, last week.

The system of arrangement, as outlined by
Joseph Hyde Pratt, State Geologist of North
Carolina, does not include the lease system, but
a more humanitarian idea. Mr. Pratt had statis-
tics taken from actual work done by convicts
on which to base his plea for a reorganization

of convict labor.

Mr. Pratt’s idea was to divide convict labor on
roads into three classes. The first group of men
he has styled honor men. These men are to be
allowed to work without the stripes, from which
the convict shrinks but in place a neat incon
spicuous uniform. This group of individuals are
subdivided into three divisions. The first division
is to receive 50 per cent. of what they earn, their
wages being based on the rate of wages paid for
labor by the State. This money will be accuma-
lated, being placed to the credit of . the convict
or sent to aid his family. The other two divisions
are to receive smaller amounts of the day’s
wages.

The second group of men are to work without
stripes, but inconspicuous uniforms, and with
guards watching over them. Because it costs the .
State to pay these guards, the pay this class of
convicts will receive, will be less than the first
group of ‘“honor’’ men, but the average has been
placed at about 30 per cent. of the day’s wages.

The third group of convicts will work in stripes,
with ball and chain attached. These men are to
receive no remuneration for what they do and
will not benefit by any commutation of time on
their sentence, such as itis proposed for the

first two groups to receive.

It is such a system that Mr. Pratt offered for
the consideration ‘of the convention. He spoke
at length on his actual contact with convict labor
in North Carolina, where he has had the super-
vision of 2,000 prisoners in building up the roads
of his State, blazing a way for other States to
follow.

Mr. Pratt believes in treating the convict as
a human being and not as a chattel, and he has
many ideas that coincide with those of Warden
McKenty in relation to the amount of trust that
should be placed in convicts. He quoted figures
to show that only inrare instances have ‘‘trusted”
convicts betrayed the confidence imposed in them.

As an evidence of how the North is begining
to take up with the Southern idea of using coan-
vict labor. he pointed to New York and New
Jersey, which are now utilizing convict labor on
State farms.
