---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_172.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 31, 1913

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its

readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelph ia
every Wednesday.

Mis S.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

7A711 co}nmunications should be addressed The Umpire,
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see

to delivery. '
To insure attention, all articles must be signed with

the writer’s registered number. ‘

Exchangee intended for the Editor should be addressed,

Rev. Joseph Welch, Chaplain, Eastern Penitentiary. Phila-
delphia Pa,

B 6591 : Editor.
Wednesday, December 31, 1913

NEW YEAR RESOLUTIONS

ONLY ONE MAN accepted our general invitation
to print New Year’s resolutions sent to the Um-
PIRE and that man treated it as a joke, and he
was right. All such resolutions made for that
day are jokes.

There is no doub t we can make a great many
people at least temporarily happy by promising
to be good, but the moment we break these
promises there are heart-aches and sighs, and
wise ones say: ‘‘ I told you so; he never will be

. any good.”

If any promises are to be made, make them to
yourself. If you fail no one will be the wiser.
If you succeed there will be a scramble among
the humanitarians for the credit of your regener-
ation. If you .can’t keep faith and be honest
with yourself, there is a mighty slim chance of
your being so with any one else.

Good resolutions made at the behest of others
don’t amount to a row of pins, and are easily
forgotten Your simple promise to be good, is
not going to make you so. The writer knew a
little boy who was always saying, *‘I’'m gonna
be good,” and when he was forgiven for some
childish transgression with a hug and a kiss, he
invariably trotted away with a self-satisfied air
to repeat his offense, confident that he had only
to say, “I'm going to’’ and all would be well.

Many of us are like that small boy, and peo-
ple have lost patience with us and now demand
that we show results, and in that they are right.

“Mr. Moody, I am a reformed man since I
heard you preach,” said a man to the noted Ev-
angelist one night, after service.

“Humph " said Moody, “I would rather hear
your wife on the subject of your reformation.”
People now days are like Moody, they want to
see ‘‘the goods.”’

The only things that count in this world to-
day are results. We must “show’’ people—prom-
ises have proven to be dead wood for too many
years, and it is now up to us to produce.

“When I get out, I’m going to’’—

Nothing doing. It won’t work; do # now.
You have found many opportunities for doing
bad in jail; look around and find some good
things you can do. There are plenty of opportu-
nities for you to practice on, and eventually you
may get into the habit. It will be training, en-
abling you to start your life over with at least
one asset of value.

“Willie Green resolves to have that everlast-

ing smile for the whole year of 1914

"That was the one resolution sent to the editor,
and the man could not have made a better one,
providing the smile is to be accompanied by a
twinkle in the eye. No man ever committed a
wrong with a grin on his face and merriment
flashing from his eyes. The perpetration of an
evil deed is a serious business, without a particle
of fun in it, and under no circumstance can it
excite hilarity. Therefore to be on the safe
side, smile, and keep on smiling. Learn wisdom
from fools, and smile with “Willie Green.”

THE EDITOR wishes to express his apprecia-
tion of the many little remembrances received by
him within the past week, both from inmates
and strangers who so thoughtfully added to his
pleasures of the day.

THE pOUBLE Christmas—New Year number
of Good Words (Atlanta) has just been received
in all its glory of eight pages, specially designed
cover and 1illustrations, and full of its always
interesting subject matter. We can appreciate
the care and labor attached to the production of
such a splendid publication, which reflects credit
alike upon its editorial, art and mechanical de-
partments. It is the first number we have seen
since last February, but it was worth waiting
for. We are also grateful for that little pat: on
the back.

IN THE EDITORIAL on the Bertillon System in
last week’s issue, we stated that the fact ofa
man having been convicted and served time be-
fore is not an indictable offense. We were wrong,
and hasten to correct the error.

The Editor by the merest chance ran across
an item in a recent issue of a daily paper from
which it appears that one term in prison is not
sufficient to expiate certain crimes in this State.

It says:

T. S.— It is against the law for a pick-
pocket to be found in a crowd whether he is prac-
ticing his profession or not. The penalty is im-
prisonment for a term not exceeding 90 days.
If your protege has served time for picking pock-
ets, we would advise that he shun crowds. This
statute has been held to be constitutional.

DocTor RUBNER, a celebrated professor and
privy counsellor of Germany has just published
an interesting pamphlet embodying his views on
the relative va1ue§ of meats and vegetables as
articles of food. Among other startling state-
ments, he says that persons engaged in arduous
brain work, or sedentary occupations require
much larger quantities of nitrogenous and albu-
minous foods than workingmen, just as they re-
quire warmer rooms to work in.

We must admit that this matter is a little
beyond us,and respectfully refer it to the med-
ical department. In this connection however, we
wish to state that the job of editing a large and
successful periodical like the UMPIRE entails ar-
duous “brain work” of an enervating character,
while it may it may also be classed as distinctly
“sedentary.” Therefore, should the Doctor wish
to undertake any experiments with a view of de.
termining the accuracy of the German professor’s
claims the Editor is perfectly willing to be im-
molated in the cause of science, and cheerfully
offers himself as a subject for the test. He onljy
stipulates that it may be soon, while there is vet
enough of the subject left for experimental p_ur-
poses.

Tae UMPIRE has made two resolutions for
the coming vear,

One is to continue to give the best of which it
is capable, and the other is to abolish the Poet’s
column.

The Poet’s column has been a most prolific
source of evil for many months and the tempta-
tion of its existence is to be swept away, and
placed to the credit of “‘reform within the party.”’
It has been the cause of more cases of grand lar
ceny than any other one thing in the institution,
not excepting the ginger cake closet. The nerve
with which a majority of the contributors to this
paper pilfer the verses of some of our best known
writers, sign their numbers to them and then
send them to the Editor as their “truly own,”
is sufficient to insure them instant success in the
burglary line, if they ever desire to take up
that heroic profession. There is no doubt but
that the members of the Parole Board recognize
the true source of these verses, which we have
published from time to time, as'a sop to the cul-
prits vanity, and naturally they must conclude
that a man who, even in prison cannot curb
his propensity to steal, though it be but a few
verses, is scarcely one to be trusted outside the
walls. It is partly to save these men from the
judgment of the Inspectors on this account that
we are withdrawing the temptation. But re-
member, if you have the “real thing,” in verse
or prose, and ‘it is all your own, send it in—we
want it, and want it bad.

TREND IS TOWARD ROAD BUILDING
WITH PAY FOR CONVICTS.

Governor Hanna. of North Dakota, Governor
Cox, of Ohio, and Governor West, of Cregon,
hold that outdoor work should be a privilege to
be earned by good conduct; Governor Mann, of
Virginia, testifies to the officiency of the con-
victs when employed on the roads and cites
figures to prove the economy of such work,
maintaining, however, that the present cost can °
be greatly reduced by placing the men on their
honor and lessening tbe number of idle guards;
while Governor McDonald, of New Mexico, and
Governor Carey, of Wyoming, refer to the few
attempts at escape that have been made by con-
victs practicaljy unguarded.

Governor Hunt, of Arizona, is in favor of pay-
ing the convicts at least 25 cents a day for their
services, as the cost will be small compared to
the actual benefit derived by the construction
of splendid highways, while the benefit accru-
ing to society will return the investment a thous-
and fold.

The consideration given to convict road work
by the Governors is an indication of the im-
portance attached to the matter by the people
throughout the country. The Governors pre-
sent many different viewpoints, but a careful
study of their statements shows that road work,
when conducted on a basis fair to the convict
and the State, will go far toward solving both
the convict and labor problem and the problem
of good roads.

Exercises to mark the closing Year will be con-
ducted by visiting ladies in charge of the Matron,
Mrs. Treher, in the Sunday school room of the
Women’s department, this afternoon at2 o’clock.
