---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_173.jpg
---
i
o

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 31, 1913

_——________—————-———_——___——__—_——_————————_——-——_——_——___

RULES OF THE STATE
BOARD OF PARDONS

We have received so many inquiries relative
to the rules of the State Board of Pardons, that
we print them herewith for the benefit of all
As they are quite lengthy, we have divided them
into two parts, the second instalment of which
will be printed next week.

RULES

First.—The Board will meet in open session
to hear applications on the Third Wednesday
of each month, except July and August, at ten
o'clock, A. M., in the Supreme Court room at
Harrisburg.

Seeond.—The petition of the applicant may
be made personally or by any resident of this
Commonwealth on his or her behalf; shall be in
writing, and contain in concise terms the follow-
ing information:

Section 1.
sentence.

Section 2. Age, trade or profession. and
family status of the applicant. '

Section 3. Whether applicant was ever
convicted of any crime, and if so, its nature and
the time and place of sentence and its expiation.

Section 4. Whether the applicant has
even applied for any relief from the sentence in
question, when, and what disposition was made
thereof.

Section 5. The c¢rounds or reasons for
clemency. -

Third—The petition shall be filed with the

Clerk at least two weeks before the day for pre-
sentation and hearing named in the advertise-
ment.and shall be open for inspection, perusal,
and copying by any citizen.

Fourth—Notice of the application must be
given to the judge who tried the case, to the
district attorney, or attorney who prosecuted,
and to the warden, sheriff or chief jailer where
the applicant was confined, stating when the
applicationwill be presented,, and the grounds
or reasons upon which the application is based,
and no grounds other than those contained in
such notice will be entertained by the Board.
Proof must be made that such notice and copy
of reasons were served upon the judge, district
attorney, or attorney, who prosecuted, and
prison official as aforesaid, at least five days be-
for the day of hearing.

Fifth.—Notice of application for pardon of
persons convicted of crimes committed in any
city of this Commonwealth must also be given
to the mayor and head of police department of
such city respectively, and proof of the service
of such notice at least five days before the hear-
ing be filed in each case.

Sixth.—The following papers, all plainly en-
dorsed, must accompany e€very application for
pardon: '

Section 1. A certified copy of the en-
t he second including docket entries, minutes of
the court copy of indictments, pleas and all
other papers on file in court relating to the case.

Gection 2. The notes of evidence taken
on the trial. If no notes of testimony were
taken that fact should be stated in writing to
the Board and a summary of the testimony be
filed.

The crime, conviction and

Section 3. Letters from responsible per-
sons in the community where the crime was
committed, and affidavits of material informa-
tion when necessary.

Section 4. A short, concise statement of
the reasons sustaining the application, the facts
in the form of a history of the case, and a
schedule of papers, will be required with every
application for the Record. Five copies of a
Brief containing copies of the application, the
history of the case, the reasons, and the schedule
of papers and documents must also be filed, so
that each member of the Board and the Clerk
may have a copy during the argument and con-
sideration of the case.

(TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK)

NEW YEARS ENTERTAINMENT.

An old gentleman by the name of Pandemon-
ium will take charge of this institution to-night
at twelve o’clock, and for a while at least will be
in supreme command and act as sponsor for the
villainous noises always following in his wake.

Later, at seven o’clock, . the Bakers will dis-
tribute samples of their fine art in the shape of
magnificent ‘“Dutch cakes,” which notwith-
standing their foreign name, are products indi-
genous to Philadelphia alone. By that time the
Night Hawks will have gone home, and we will
be permitted to catch up some of our lost rest
until¥noon: “Fhen att230 P M Littlefoe!!
and his Orchestra will be in possession of the
Center and discourse sweet music as outlined in
the program printed below.

In the evening, the Band will take a turn
under the leadership of B 5163, (Dave), in the
absence of Prof. Wiegandt, who hasother more
important engagements. Both programs are
well selected and if “music hath charms to
soothe the savage breast,” then certainly, by
nine o’clock to-morrow night, peace and quiet
should reign in Cherry Hill.

ORCHESTRA PROGRAM
Center 2:30 P. M.

1 March Sousa
‘“King Cotton’’
2 Overture J. Offenbach
““Orphee aux Enfers’’
3 Waltz Dox Cruger
“Birds and Bloosoms’’
4 Polka Cornet Solo J. O. Casey
“The Lily B 5163
5 Idyll Thos. Allen
“‘Sleepy Hollow’
6 Medley Overture No. 13 Remick
' “Bits of Remick’s Hits’
7 Serenade R. Drigo
“Les Millions D’Arlequin’’
8 Overture A. Conradi

““Berlin in Smiles and Tears’’

9 Meditation L. A. Drumheller

“Love and Devotion’’

10 Selection J. Bi Lampe
““The Kiss Waltz’’

11 Rag Ed. Mahony

*‘The Comet”’
12 Waliz E. Waldtenfel
: ““Les Patineur’s”’

13 Rag Thos. Allen
““The Sandy River”’

14 Overture A. Maillart

s ““The Hermit’s Bell’f

15 Final Louis Maurice

“The Great Divide'’

SAID TO BE FUNNY

Bill—Where are you.working now Mac?
Mac—1I ain’t working: I got a State job.
*
* LS
Mr. B. (at the kennels.) Don’t go yet, it will
soon be time to feed the dogs.
Blink—Thank you, but I had my dinner be-

fore I came in.

*
ES *

B5506—Excuse me Mr. Scott for stepping on
your feet.
Mr. Scott—Don’t mention it; I walk on them
myself.
*
* *
' Otto—They say that money talks, but the

only words it says to me is “good bye.”

ES
& £

Mr. Bonsall, during a geography lesson, re-
marked that the population of China is so great,
that every time we breathe, two Chinamen die.
An instant later he was astonished to see Dick,
the janitor puffing and blowing at a rate to
threaten disaster, and he anxiously inquired:

“What are you trying to do Dick?”

“Nuttin’ sir, only killin’ Chinamen, I never

liked ’em no how.”’

®
* *

Doctor (to Night Hawk)-—Remember that

man in 74 is failing rapidly, and we must keep
him up as long as we can.

Night Hawk—Sure, and that’s what I'm
doin’. I haven’t let him have a wink of sleep

fur two weeks.

*
* *

Mr. Loan—So you want to work in the store-
house, eh? Well I want a good boy to work
partly indoors and partly outdoors.

Jerry—That sounds good, but say, what hap-

pens to me when the door slams?

*
* *

Conversation between two Swedish servants
recently overheard:

“How are you, Hilda?"

“T well, I like my job. We got cremated cel-
lar, cemetery plumbing, elastic lights and a
hoosit.”

“What's a ‘hoosit,” Hilda?"

“Oh, a bell rings. You put a thing to your
ear, and say, ‘Hello,” and some say ‘Hello,” and
you say ‘Hoosit."”

% y * i

Little Ike had just returned home after a

“fierce’’ day in school.
“Well” said his father, “what did you learn in

school today that impressed you the most.”
And little Ike replied:

‘Dat I need a pair of trousers wid a padded
seat.”

ES * *

Poet tried for an hour to get~a good picture
of Jimmy, and after a dozen unsuccessful efforts
to have him keep still, told him he had better
try a moving picture studio.

* 5 k
Perhaps some jokes are old,
And should be on the shelf.
But if you know some better ones
Send in a few yourself. —B6649
