---
title: umpire
year: 1913
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1913_174.jpg
---
THINGS TALKED ABOUT |

Happy New Year ! L
.—O_
The Warden and the Chaplain certainly had a

“bully Christmas.”
__O——<
The Christmas tree in the centre of the sec-
ond block is a beauty; tall, symmetrical, and

beautifully decorated.
.__O.__.
My sympathies go out to the poor fellow who
had lavishly decorated his room with tissue ev-
ergreens, wreaths, etc.,, and then accidentally

set a match to them.
_.O—.
A harrowing incident of the day occurred
when the Warden refused to permit little Jerry
to go home to a dinner which was awaiting him

only six squares away.

The institution’s mail, both incoming and
outgoing, was the heaviest in years. The boys
should feel mightv grateful for so many pleasant
Season’s remembrances.

The closing of the saloons in Atlantic City on
Sundays entailed a loss to the proprietors of a
million dollars this year.

That's all right. The fellows who saved
are the one’s who can chuckle.

Jeb Sl

Eggs are so scarce they are being used in the
mountainous sections of Arkansas as a medium
of exchange, and accepted by merchants and
moving picture men as cash.

With ‘“half-pound’’ as the unit of value, tobac-
co has been a recognized legal tender in this in-
stitution for some years.

it

The -Christmas dinner was the biggest sort of
success in every way. It also demonstrated the
fact, that the cooks can put up a first-class meal
if they want to, and now every one expects them
to maintain the standard they fixed for them-
selves last week. Improperly cooked food is a
criminal waste of good material.

HA

George Washington Yeap, star baseball pitch-
er and all-around good fellow, who sometimes
does a little printing on the side, will be fired
out into the cold world next Sunday morning.
George has acquired a thoroughness in every-
thing he undertakes, which will be of great ser-
vice to him in his future. He leaves a host of
friends who wish him well.

0

The Uwmpire did all it could to facilitate the
sale of novelties, etc.,and was cheerfully assisted
by most of the Overseers. It is to be regretted
that any of them should have failed to enter
into the spirit of the movement, and refused
their aid. However, it was to be expected, for
there never was a venture undertaken, big or
little, but there was always some one to dash a
little iced water on it.

To be awakened from a sound sleep at six
o'clock on a dark wintry morning with the blare
“of four brass trumpets belching forth Christmas
carols, is an experience not at all productive of
angelic thoughts or language. Most of us feel
more in the humor for “carolling” after a good
dinner.

The full Band made amends for the early

morning transgression, however, when it fur-
nished a delightful concert in the afternoon.
__O._.

A bounty of $2 is paid on weasel pelts in any
county in this State. A Philadelphia man ap-
plied to the City Treasurer last week for this
amount and before he got untangled from the
mass of red tape the officials bound him in, he
was in debt. He had to make two afhdavits at
50 cents each; then appear before a Magistrate
with a duly qualified elector to certify that he
saw the Magistrate cut off the ears of the weasel
and burn them; then hike back to the City Com-
missioners for a voucher, and then to the City
Treasurer for his cash. No wonder “Philadel-
phia lawyer” is a byword for the world.

—Miich

STARTLED PARDON BOARD.

A surprise was sprung on the Connecticut
State Board of Pardons at the State Prison,
in Weathersfleld, when Clifford H. Wilmarth, 26
years old, under sentence of two to three years
for obtaining money under false pretenses, ap-
peared. He based his plea for a pardon on a
quotation lrom a book on American judiciary,
written by Governor Baldwin, who was sitting
with the Board asa member. His quotation
was:

“Judges, who are neither able nor experienced,

frequently impose sentences too light or too se-
vere. We have too many such judges in the
United States.”

Wilmarth was sentenced by Judge Joseph P.
Tuttle of the Supreme Court, it being Judge
Tuttle’s first day on the bench, following his ap-
pointment. For this reason, Wilmarth said, the
judge was inexperienced. The Governor com-
plimented Wilmarth, and said he had madea
clear and able plea.

WOES OF THE PRISON EDITOR

The Editor of LEND A HAND has discovered
that the work attached to the publication of a
prison paper is not the ‘‘cinch job” so many
imagine. He says:

Prison papers, like others, are supposed to be
published for the benefit of humanity in general
and the prisoners in particular, and to do jus-
tice to both is not always an easy matter. There
are many things which perforce, must be left un-
said, and often, through prejudice, the wrong
construction is placed on whatis said. If we
touch on politics our fingers are liable to become
filthy from a growing evil. Should we praise the
management of the prison for improvements they
have made and humane treament accorded the
inmates, the men inside call us ‘“suckers,” and
those outside, say we do it because we have to,
neither one of which is correct.

Our position is one of trust, and we write, and
print for a cause few men can understand or
appreciate until they have been in our position.,

This is a community of its own. We have de-
sirable and undesirable; intelligents and ignor-
ants; sane and insane; good citizens and bad;
religious and non-religious; honest and dishonest;
hypocrites and open countenance—just as you
have in the town in which you live.

Some women remain faithful to their husband
and some to their ideals.

THE UMPIRE, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 31, 1913

—————— e,

E. S, P, BAND CONCERT

NEW YEARS NIGHT

Hrogramme

e

March R. B. Hall

“The New Colonial”
Overture Keler-Bela
; “Luspeil”
March J. P. Sousa
“Washington Post”
Turkish Intermezzo P. Lincke

“On the Bosporus”
Ayer & Moret
«Oh You Beautiful Doll*
Medley Overture W. H. Mackie
«“The Crackerjack”
F. E. Bigelow

<«Qur Director”

March

March
F. H. Losey

«Grand National

Medley Schottische H. vonTilzer

‘Shooting Craps by the Light O’ the Moon”
Medley Overture Hall La Farge

“The Glow Worm” ;
Comic Descriptive J, M. Daly

*“*“Where’s That Dog-Gone Dog-Gone Dog
of Mine”’

Overture

March Wagner

*“Under the Double Eagle

Final F. S. Key

*“Star Spangled Banner™
B 5163 Conductor

FOR SALE—Inlaid work of every description.
Boxes, Checker and Cribbage boards etc.,
from $2.50 to $5. All work with piano finish;
B 3133, Seventh Block. »

'FOR SALE—Handsomely designed -tidies and

shawls. B 6148, Sixth Gallery

FOR SALE—Tidies and Shawls. B 6295, Eighth
Block.

FOR SALE—Ball tidies, shawls and scarfs. &

Made to order, any colors. B 6040 Eighth

Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid frames, different sizes: jew-
el boxes, walking canes, etc. Will sell to in-
mates reasonable. B4765, 12th. Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy toothpicks, button-hooks,
butter knives, also will repair Phonographs.
Locks and keys for sale. Prices reasonable
B 5826, Ninth Block

FOR SALE—Canary birds, sweet singing male
birds excellent female breeders, from $1.50
up. B 5532, Seventh Gallery.

FOR SALE—New Stanley scraper plane, cost 4.

$2.50, will sell for $1.75. B 5649, 7th Block.
MISCELLANEOUS

SHORTHAND—If you have a common school
education, and will study, I will teach you the
rudiments of the Pitman system in six weeks
for $5. After that it wlll be up to you to be a
real Stenographer. B 6591, Seventh Gallery.

MUSIC Edited, arranged, composed, transposed
and copied for all instruments, combination
of instruments or voice.

Song poems set to music; work done neatly
and at moderate charge. B 5467, 7th. Block.

LOST—On Dec. 28. a canary bird. Reward if
returned to B 6480, Seventh Block,

S T
