---
title: Over The Wall
author: Unknown
issue: 6
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 44
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
OVER THE WALL Armistice terms to be offered to Germany, are said to be that she must withdraw her armies 30 miles behind the Rhine, leaving behind them all munitions, etc; and surrender Heligoland, and the fleet, including the submarines. We don’t believe our Doc’ could evolve a bitterer pill than this. Austria surrenders unconditionally after her armies are routed by the Italians on the Piave; 100.000 prisoners, and 1600 guns being taken. Hungary; Bohemia; Croatia et al, declare their independence; revolt spreads in Austria proper, while the fleet. surrenders to the Slovaks, and general anarchy reigns. Austria fuit. Turkey surrenders unconditionally to the Allies, and a reign of terror sets in at home. King Boris, of Bulgaria, who ascended the throne on Oct. 8d, has abdicated, and a peasant government is in charge. Half Europe is a mad house. The results of this war to date, should be enough warning to everybody to think twice before they start something. Americans continue to advance irresistibly on the Meuse. One lone Philadelphian captures 22 Boches, and 8 guns. And is reported to have been not entirely satisfied with his “bag”. Gen. Crowder Draft call for the month of November is for 290.773 white, and an as yet unnamed number of negro registrants. 13.502 of these will come from Pennsylvania. We confess to a loss of interest in the other fellow’s going. American losses to date: dead, 21.880; wounded, 37.759; prisoners and missing 6.483; total, 65.582. Doctor Royer, State Health Commissioner, quarantines Lancaster because of disobedience of his closing order. All train, trolley, vehicular, and pedestrian to and from the city is stopped by his orders, which the State Police The ban is finally lifted by a court order. Lancaster for the time must have easily been’ the biggest jail in Pennsylvania. [column 2]The beautiful things are always the single things, like Mother’s love, a heart song a sunrise, a friendship, a prayer. It was thought inadvisable by the Prison Administration to lift the ban upon visitors, until after a thorough house-cleaning, disinfecting, etc. had been effected, and so that contemplated “touch” must be again postponed, unless it can be made to work by mail. Next Monday, November 11th, we are authoritatively informed will be the date of the Grand Opening: In the meantime, the disease has become practically a negligible quantity in the city, but is still raging unchecked over wide sections of the State, and country. The E.S.P. “Volunteers” in recognition of his splendid work in bringing the “Army” safely intact thru the late siege of influenza, have been pleased to confer the Honorary Grade of Surgeon General, upon Dr. H.W. Hassell, Resident Physician of the Institution and latest reports have it that the recipient is wearing his laurels full modestly. No member of the Volunteers will now dare to be ill; for he will be court-martialed who’d refuse to take a pill. 
