---
title: Home Runs
author: Unknown
issue: 6
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 44
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HOME RUNS    Mr. Johnny McKenty, and Mr. Butler, are once more ornamenting the Parole Office, and are said to be quite their old selves; but, alas, for poor Joe! The unsympathetic epidemic slipped away without giving him the slightest attention, at which he is reported to be slightly “peeved.”       Mr. Matt Campbell, erstwhile guardian of the 7th Block Corner, has been transferred to the 2d Block, as manager of the Laundry; the Princess Theater, etc. “Matt” is said to be undecided whether to regard this as a compliment, or the reverse.       Messrs. Collins, and Costell, but lately of the “silent watches of the night,” have been transferred to the Day Force, where we have hopes of their shining as brilliantly as in their former environment—and then some.       The E. S. P. “Army” suffered a grievous shock on a day of last week, when “Brigadier General” Myers descended on Camp Casey about the hour of nones, and in a few minutes quite wrecked the ambitions of some of the warriors to shine as “wallflowers” in our local society. It’s “Work, or drill” with “Gen.” Bob, and the Colonel says, “The will of Allah be done.”       The Board of Parole met on Monday of last week and signified to some 26 of our number that they might expect at no distant date to be allowed to go out into a swiftly speeding world, and hustle for a living; and sounds as of celebrations discreetly held were immediately heard on sundry Blocks, and Galleries. Among the more distinguished of the many who will be leaving, we would name the estimable Bob Perry, B 3998, as perhaps the most widely known, and respected, by officers, and Inmates. As a dispenser of soda-water we beg pardon, we mean drugs—Bob has no superiors and few equals; and has been known to “con” a doubtful recipient of his bounty into coming back for a second helping.       The Hon. Rube was away on a “hunting” trip during a part of last week: his itinerary including Reading, Harrisburg, York, and Lancaster. The Hon. reports “game” to be both scarce, and shy, and blames it on the war—of course. 


