---
title: The Sentence
author: Unknown
issue: 6
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 44
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE SENTENCE    In our own humble opinion, no man, whatever be his crime, should be sentenced to a definite term in prison. It is but adding injury to injury, heaping Pelion on Ossa. Imprisonment as it has been inflicted, and as it is in the majority of cases inflicted today, is worse than useless, it is no more a preventive of crime than sunflower seed would be, and in fact, in a large number of cases does infinitely more harm than good, as the victim enters upon his term of imprisonment a half-baked criminal, as it were, and is turned out at its conclusion, a finished product, with his criminal education complete.        Criminal law has always aimed to benefit society, and it has always failed of its object.       It should be aimed to benefit the individual who is directly responsible for its being, and then it could succeed. Why not sentence the lunatic to three years in an asylum; the consumptive to three, or five years in a hospital, and then turn them out at the expiration of this time, being cured or no? It would be just as wise as e present method of sentencing the criminal.      A criminal court should determine but the one thing, the guilt or innocence of the accused. If he is found guilty, whether the crime be murder, or the speaking of a disrespectful word to the corner “cop”, there should be but one and unvarying sentence imposed: banishment from the society of free men, until such time as a competent body of men should adjudge him fitted to return to it. If that time should be long in coming, or should never come at all, then only he, himself, would be to blame, and no wails of injustice could be heard rising on the midnight air within prison walls, as at present, by his own deed he has proven his unfitness reside in freedom among his fellow men; by his own deeds must he be restored to them. If this be not justice, what is it?       It has required a judge and a jury of supposedly intelligent citizens to deprive him of his liberty, why not a judge, and a jury of still more intelligent citizens —if there are such things, tho from juries we have known, we doubt it— to restore it? A judge and jury that cannot be moved by sentiment that will stick to the cold facts of his record that will remain coldly impervious to political “pull”; or the power of money, and can tell a lie from the truth without instruments. A physician, a lawyer, a clergyman, a business man, and a pawnbroker would be our ideal Board, for we never could be certain yet that any pawnbroker believed our tale. 
