---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 6
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 44
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A witty social worker once described the correctional institutions of a certain great city as “workhouses where nobody works, penitentiaries where no one repents, and reformatories where no one is reformed.” Such sweeping judgments can now be truthfully passed on the penal institutions of very few states. Steadily the idea – and it is a fundamentally Christian idea – is growing that the average inmate of a jail can be so dealt with that upon his release he can resume his place in society and be counted as an asset instead of a liability.       Since the Americans began in September at the battle of the Meuse, they have inflicted more than 70,000 casualties on the enemy; freed some forty towns and village; and about 195 square miles of French territory.    More power to their arm, hurroo!      King of Siam’s bodyguard has 400 armed women. He’s one king that’s guarded to suit his taste.      A cubic mile of river water weighs approximately 4,205,650,000 tons and carries in solution on the average about 420,000 tons of foreign matter. In all about 2,735,000,000 tons of solid substances are thus carried annually to the ocean.      Some of the supplies that the Y. M. C. A. has recently shipped to France show the extent and nature of its service to the boys overseas: 5,000,000 bottles of “pop,” 10,000,000 sheets of writing paper, 6,000,000 envelopes, 2,500,000 packages of chewing gum, 200 motion-picture machines, 100 phonographs, 2,500 phonograph records, 200,000 Testaments, $100,000 worth of athletic supplies and great quantities of toilet articles and food.   

