---
title: Doff Stripes to Win War
author: Unknown
issue: 6
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 44
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
DOFF STRIPES TO WIN WAR    More than 600 prisoners paroled from t Illinois state penitentiary, the Pontia formatory and the southern Illinois penitentiary at Chester are making munitions the men behind the guns. In addition they are using the money they earn to buy bonds to stand behind the men behind the guns.       This use of what has been considered unavailable manpower, and the desire of the paroled men to justify the opportunity has been given them, is the result of recently inaugurated industrial parole system of the board of pardons and paroles. Public realization of its extent was first aroused few days ago when it was discovered the men were subscribing so heavily to the fourth Liberty loan as to make a distinct addition to the response of Rock Island county to the loan. The men have been released from Joliet, Pontiac and Chester, and are employed by the government in Rock Island war work and munition plants. They work without guards, live as free men and are paroled to Fred W. Renck, Superintendent of the state free employment bureau at Rock Island to whom they make their report. They are known to many of the other men among whom they work, but officials say that the knowledge seems to make no difference, and the paroled men stands on the footing won by their behavior and the work they can do.       Their severest criticism and most jealous observation, it is said, is among their own number. A man who would break his parole, or otherwise endanger the belief of the parole board in the advisability of the plan would be literally in danger of his life at the hands of his comrades whose liberty he would be jeopardizing.       The addition of this number of workmen is valued by employers, it is said. One plant engaged in war work be compelled to close but for it. They say the convicts work well, and are paid good wages, averaging from $4.50 to $9 a day. Their earnings for the month of September is estimated at $40,000, and they are on basis of a half million dollars a year. The men say they intend to invest practically all their savings up to the present time in Liberty bonds, and they are organizing to make sure that every man does his share. The quota is expected to be over $100 per man.       The reports which have come back to the Illinois state penitentiary from the men granted industrial paroles from that state institution are most flattering. There is not a single one who has not made good, and while the first of the paroles were granted in April and there have been heavy additions each month since that time, not a single complaint has came back of an infraction of the parole rules.       Warden Murphy and the officials of the institution are more than pleased with the success of the industrial parole system.    Joliet Evening Herald   

