---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-8266
issue: 6
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 44
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES    There was no meeting of the Board of Delegates during the week. At the weekly meeting of the Board of Governors, the following business was transacted: application of B 7392 for loan of $7.00 refused, as being not warranted upon investigation. Applicant given letter to prisoner’s Aid Society for fare to home town. B 9352; 6064, and 7100, admitted to membership. Loan of $25.00 made to B 9059, to help a sorely stricken family -see letter-expenditures of the week, additional to the above named loans were: $10.00 to the War Chest, being the November payment; $1.00 for Thrift Stamps; to B 9075, for the making of Delegate Caps, $.60; to the McClure Publications, $2.00. Receipts of the week were: From Circulating Library, $3.25; donation, $.10.       Use of the Hall being, of course, impossible under the embargo conditions yet existing, Saturday’s outing was necessarily held in the Yard; and tho no set form of entertainment was provided, the men found amusement aplenty, and an enjoyable afternoon was spent by all. The Weather Man still adhered to his all-summer’s policy of supporting to the best of his bent, and Saturday brand was as good as could be expected of November; in fact it was so bracing as to lead the Vice-President, A 8432, to think himself some half-score of years the younger, and lead the cohorts three times around the place, but if he was expecting the walls to fall down, ala Jericho, he was sadly disappointed, for nothing happened except some score of “casualties” on the third round, as weary marchers sought the friendly shelter of convenient doorways. The ranks of the Officers held firm, but the Chairman of the Board was observed to go straight home to bed; while the Colonel spent the most of the afternoon sitting down; while as for the Secretary, next Saturday he hopes it rains! We can’t report the score of the scrub ball game, for both sides apparently got “licked”; and the results of the various croquet, quoit, checker, chess, and domino games would be interesting only to the participants, but from what we saw of the afternoon’s procedure, our latest “pink tea” was an unqualified success.    B 8266.    Secretary.       THE HONOR & FRIENDSHIP CLUB    Bloomsburg Pa.    October 29th. 1918.    Mr. R. C. McKenty :—    Dear Sir:—    I received your kind letter this morning, just as I was about to carry my darling to her last resting place, and it gave me strength to bear my awful trial; just to think someone was praying for me, even though they were far from me.       God only knows the pain it gave me to lay them away, never to see the Daddy they loved so well. But I thank you for your timely help.    Yours in sorrow.    Mrs. ----       The Eastern State Penitentiary    Philadelphia, Pa.    October 29th. 1918,    H.W. Hassell M.D.    Resident Physician    The Eastern State Penitentiary    Dear Sir:—    Pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Governors of the Honor and Friendship Club of the Eastern State Penitentiary, adopted at its meeting of date of October 28th inst., we take great pleasure in conveying to you the thanks of the entire Inmate body, as expressed thru the medium of said Board, for your wonderfully successful work in safe-guarding the health of the Inmates during the late crisis.       Yours was no light task, and your success in bringing so large a body of men safely thru a threatened epidemic to whose virulency the tale of death without the walls bears fullest witness— has earned, and receives, a very real appreciation from us.       We can give you but our thanks for your services, and these you have fullest measure.    Very respectfully,    The Honor and Friendship Club    B 8266, Secretary.       OCTOBER 29, 1918.    To THE Honor AND FRIENDSHIP CLUB.    GENTLEMEN;    The copy of the Resolution of Thanks adopted by your Board has been handed to me, and I sincerely appreciate the sentiment expressed therein. Any success which we may have had was made possible by the sincere and cordial cooperation, not only of the officials in charge, but also. of the inmates of the Institution, and particularly the faithful care of the nurses and assistants.       As you know, a number of the prisoners— voluntarily and without remuneration worked faithfully and cheerfully in attending these cases, risking sickness themselves to help their fellow-prisoners, My thanks, and yours, are due to them.       Again expressing my appreciation, I am,    Cordially yours.    H. W. Hassel       Everybody has their definition of an optimist, ours is, an optimist is always good “copy” for a paragrapher.       Don’t think for a minute you can’t in fact, it would be much better for you not to think you can’t at all.       [column 3]   We had the pleasure lately of perusing a letter from Mr. Frank Tees, who at date of writing was still intact, and struggling desperately to keep up with the retreating Hun. In his odd moments, when not engaged in dodging inquisitive bullets, shells, etc, and sniffing for gas, he collects souvenirs d’occasion, two of which were shells, but which the Hon. Walter’s vigilance succeeded in preventing. us annexing. We are frankly envious when we consider how our own early efforts in the collecting line, were nipped in the bud by a coldly unsympathetic policeman.
