---
title: Home Runs
author: Unknown
issue: 13
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 45
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HOME RUNS Yes, we were stung; along with the rest of the country, on Thursday last. When the news of the supposed signing of the Armistice reached us, and we heard the tumult in the city without, proclaiming the war ended, we immediately started in to celebrate, even tho the news spelled disaster to our hope of getting into a really worthwhile scrap. An impromptu parade was staged by the “Army” and it’s “camp-followers,” with most of the foot-loose inmates joining in, and headed by the band, and led by an officer of the H.F.C. who shall be nameless-he afterward claimed he was talking in his sleep-circled about the Institution cheering lustily. In the evening a band concert was given on the Center, in which Chevalier Toni’s Troubadours acquitted themselves monstrous well, and then we went to bed feeling very happy to wake in the morning and find that Sherman had said it all long, long ago. The E.S.P once more is functioning normally after a month’s intensive quarantine and such a fumigating, disinfecting, and kalsomining, as almost moved us to seek winter quarters elsewhere. The influenza situation has locally ceased to exist, and we all breath a bit more freely, and are lost in a vast admiration of our own exceeding good luck. That of some 1350 souls but three should be fatally stricken reflects great credit upon all concerned with our safety, and we cannot be sufficiently grateful for the precautions taken to insure our safety. Personally we had one dreadful moment, when the Doctor stood by our bedside, while a satellite inserted a divining-rod into our breathing apparatus, stifling the winged words we would willingly have spoken. But we had providentially been warned of his coming, and had been industriously running cold water over our heated brow, and fevered pulse, and so, somewhat, we fear; to Doc’s disgust, we registered normal, and he was forced to go off empty-handed. And we’ve been hale and cheerful ever since. Our local Diogenes, “Col. Long Tom” Collins, after a bout with the “flu” which left him looking but a pale replica of his former self; and feeling as he feelingly expresses it, like a dry drummer in a dry town, once more infests the purlieus of the Bertillon Room, and has supposedly resumed his quest which he new admits to be well-nigh hopeless. [Column 2]Our Star Reporter, Doug’, and our ditto Foreman; Jack, have both: succumbed to that Lure of the outdoor wind so feelingly spoken of by the poets, and are apparently trying to usurp the Kaiser’s somebody’s place in the sun. They have taken up their quarters for the Winter in the “sleeping porches” of the 3rd Block, where no wind knocks for admittance, and you shake the snow out of your shoes on a stormy morning. We admire a courage, we cannot emulate, and when in the nights to come, we hear the snowflakes tapping gently at our Window, we shall’ wrap the blankets more tightly about us, snuggle a bit closer to the radiator, and reflect. [column 3]We were surprised Saturday, when we were informed by Mr. Kraupa that we had entirely overlooked the Grand Opening of the Princess Theater; which he told us had occurred prior to the quarantine; to be exact, on the date of the Ambulance Drive. This was news to us, and we at once determined to fire our entire reportial staff. It is a bit too late for details, but we gathered from his remarks that a program of Pictures, and Vaudeville was given, and a good time was had by the discriminating, and hard-picked audience; with everybody having enough handkerchiefs for the weepy parts -by the way, we went to a matinee once to see Madome X, and there were three thousand women in the audience, -and that’s another story. Saturday’s show at the Princess, was marked by comedy features, and-but what we would really like to know is, are the seats at the Princess supplied with those nickel-in-the-slot candy reservoirs so necessary to the feminine temperament? We remember taking a lady friend to a show, once upon a time, and leaving the box of candy we had bought her at home on the bureau, and -but that’s another story. During the enforced vacation period “Professor” Bonsall has been acting as Guardian Angel to the Emergency Hospital, and says that there is little to choose between pupils, and patients; nurses, and teachers; and vice versa; but the prodigious sigh of relief that was heaved when he was told that he might open his University once more, would lead the discerning bystander to infer that the above statement is not so neutral as it sounds. 
