---
title: Pink Tea and Prisoners
author: Unknown
issue: 13
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 45
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PINK TEA AND PRISONERS    The “pink tea” system of entertaining convicts in the Eastern State Penitentiary does not meet with the approval of Judge————— and he is sending criminals convicted before him to the county prison.       “They are entertained much like welcome guests,” commented the Judge yesterday, when counsel for two holdup men was pleading that his clients be sent to the penitentiary rather than the county prison. The Judge refused to impose such a sentence and added: “They play baseball, have brass bands and all sorts of entertainment. That is not the purpose of imprisonment. Punishment is not so much a way of vengeance, but prisoners should not be treated so well that they might want to return. Their punishment should act as a warning to do right and keep out of jail.”       We regretfully confess our utter incompetency to do justice to the above: To answer the learned jurist as he deserves would need a second Shakespeare, and we coyly disclaim any slightest resemblance to that immortal. But inadequate to the importance of the subject as our protest must be, yet we intend to enter such. As a supposed beneficiary of the “pink-tea” system, we refuse to sit supine, and permit such false impressions to remain uncorrected.       He who runs and reads would certainly be justified, upon perusal of the above remarks, in assuming that the salvation of the criminal offender was dependent upon his being sent to the County Prison; where a salutary punishment, and close confinement to a cell might-strengthen his body; broaden his mind; enlarge his outlook upon life; forever remove his fear and distrust of law, and its minions, and in the course of his stay make him over into such man as even the learned Judge could be proud of. On the other hand, the poor unfortunate who might be doomed for a period to the E.S. P. —the veritable School of Another Chance— where a measure of freedom is permitted us, where access to, and healthful exercise —even tho the same does take the form of games, in some instances—in the open air is allowed us; where a trade of sorts may be mastered; where an education may be obtained; where the military drill and setting-up exercise is of daily occurrence; where he may be treated, if he so will, as a man among men; where a modicum of amusement is permitted as in some degree offsetting the darkened life, and preventing despair: yet to follow the learned jurist’s logic to it’s perfect ending such treatment must inevitably result in the turning out of a finished “tango lizard”; or long-haired musical fiend; or good-for-nothing ballplayer, who are really foolish enough to believe that the world, as there exemplified in miniature, is only too ready to help them back to the height from which they may have fallen; to help them to climb, should they have never reached such height; and who are sometimes driven by innate weakness, or ‘untoward circumstance to return and gather new strength for the combat.        How bitter must be their disillusionment should they ever chance to appear before His Honor!       Strange to say, we have actually known instances of men returning to the County Prison, where His Honor intimates they are unwelcome. Can His Honor explain this anomaly? Also we know of County Prison graduates who should have known better later appearing here, perhaps seeking an antidote, as it were. We-have even been acquainted with men who have adorned the County Prison for varying periods, and whose sentiments upon leaving the same, we would hesitate to quote: but then, of course, the poor fellows were quite unaware that they were being used as illustrations of the higher penology, that by the presentation of such horrible examples as themselves, aims to deter more adventurous souls from embarking upon a life which has such ending. It would have no doubt have cheered the poor fellows greatly could they have but known this. It is so pleasant to be a martyr! To suffer for the sake of one’s kind.       We sincerely hope that His Honor will see fit to pay an early visit to the County Prison & expound his philosophy to the Inmates of the same. It will no doubt materially shorten their time, to know the good they are accomplishing by just suffering in silence. But we fear it would be of no use his coming here. We, like Ephraim, are wedded to our idols, and the united wisdom of all the Philadelphia lawyers extant couldn’t convince us that punishment alone, without “extenuating circumstances”, is good for the soul; that baseball is really base, and leads to base thoughts: that a brass-band is inevitably demoralizing, and more destructive to the moral sense than a term of years in close confinement in an ill-ventilated cell; that two hours of entertainment weekly is calculated to make the attendant prisoner a lifelong and bitter enemy to society, debase him in mind and body, and drive all his better instincts into the background, there forever to remain; that military drill and calisthenics are certain to so devitalize the partakers as to render them the easy prey of the first temptation that comes by.       We may be wrong in thinking that such treatment as we are receiving here, and which has aroused the ire of the learned jurist, is best calculated to bring out all that is good in a man; and wipe out all memory of a real, or fancied injustice; strengthen him in his determination to regain his aforetime honored place among his fellow men on the outside; and lead him out of darkness of despair into the sunshine of a newer day: we say we may be wrong in assuming this, but if this be so, then for the first time in our life we’re going to take a real delight in wrong thinking!       His Honor remarks upon the purpose of imprisonment, which is in his view, punishment alone. To crush out the last remaining spark of manhood; to destroy the last vestige of self-respect; to brutalize; the rule of the club, instead of the law of kindness; the beating down into a hated submission; such would seemingly be his Honor’s mode of procedure, and we appeal to the high Gods against its fitness. A second Draco come to judgment seems scarcely appropriate to the age; and with all history to teach it’s lesson of the value of kind treatment of the individual, one who would countenance a return to the methods of medievalism would scarcely be considered as best serving the interests of society. Is the caged wolf tamed by ill-treatment? Can the caged criminal be made over into a respected and self-respecting man by the rule of fear, and a studied distrust? By the forcing upon him of the knowledge that he is a thing apart, and that in most eases he would be conferring the greatest benefit upon the community by going down and jumping off the deck? What’s the answer?    

