---
title: Hits or Fouls
author: Unknown
issue: 13
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 45
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HITS OR FOULS If we could only be turned back like a clock when we’re too fast! When “Red,” the militant bugler of the E. S. P. Volunteers, “collapsed” on the grounds of Camp Casey on a day of last week, he was rushed by “willing” hands to the Hospital. The ‘*Surgeon-General,” almost at a glance diagnosed his ailment as“extreme aridity of the epidermis,” and applied the treatment; a large, cool bucket of water, at once. Bystanders affirm that “Red’s” recovery was almost miraculous. Pickpocket—visiting friend,—we refuse to state where— ”I hired a lawyer for you this morning, Slim. But I had to hand him my watch as a retainer.” Slim—”Did he keep it?” P. p—”He thinks he did!” You never can tell. The fellow who boasts of his vices, may not be half as dangerous as the man who parades his virtues. Bystander—at rehearsal of the E. S. P. Minstrels—”Do you know the name of that piece?” Second bystander—”Do you mean the one George is playing, or the one Van is singing?” We regretfully admit that we belong to that large majority who never desert a friend while we’re in trouble. Bob Perry was calling that Third Block cat. “Josephine, Josephine,” he gurgled. “Why we thought that cat’s name was Napoleon.” we inserted. “It was ’till he had kittens,” deprecated. Bob. You will be the same man on the outside of prison walls, that you are on the inside. Jim—”Oh, how I wish I had some of the biscuit mother used to bake me.” Buck—”And oh, how I wish I had some of the good clothes father used to buy me.” Both—in chorus—”When do we go from here, boys; when do we go from here?” Some men in here are always smoking their last cigarette, or striking their last match, when asked for a smoke, or a light, but they would give away a straw hat in the winter time. 
