---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-8266
issue: 13
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 45
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES There was no meeting of the Board of Delegates held during the week. B 8943 was appointed Delegate for the 8th Block to fill vacancy. Expenditures of the week were; $2.00 for Daily Paper for Bulletin Board, covering months from August to November, inclusive; Loan to B 8279, $5.00; Thrift Stamps $1.00. Receipts of the week were; $5.00 from Circulating Library. The Grand Opening of the local Theatrical Season occurred Saturday with much éclat, not to speak of glad acclaim, the influenza ban being lifted for the occasion, and the 1st Section, attired in its best “bib and tucker” was right there prepared to give Mr. Kraupa a riotous welcome when he appeared about 1 p.m. with the precious Pictures. Signor Toni’s Band tooted it’s loudest; everybody rose up on their hind-legs and cheered lustily, and the season was given such a start as must certainly ensure its success in life. The arrangements in the Hall were well-nigh perfect; there was no crowding, the ventilation was good, everybody had a chance to see,—and be seen, and when darkness finally descended upon the Hall, and the Title of the first picture, “The Hard Rock Breed’ ’flickered upon the screen, a long sigh of relief went up, for some had been afraid that the influenza quarantine would remain with us all winter, and that we would later be reduced to making snowballs for amusement. But it’s all right now, as everybody concedes. The quarantine is gone, Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa are on the job as of old, and we don’t care if it is a hard winter. There was action enough and to spare in the first Picture, and it waked the spectators to wild enthusiasm at times, for there were fighting scenes in it which would not have disgraced the Great War, with, of course, a much misunderstood hero, and-a heroine whose sole purpose in life seemed to be, to rescue the aforesaid hero from difficult situations, and as it ended with the inevitable “clinch”, everybody was happy. The first number on the vaudeville program was presented by Mr. J. W. Turner whose skill as a musician of parts was amply demonstrated on various extraordinary instruments whose names we would hesitate to mention for fear of contradiction; also he shone very happily as a monologist, keeping up a running fire of “chatter” which much amused his hearers. The second act was presented by Gordon and Lamar, comedy sketch artists, and featured some happenings in cafe life, which were no doubt most familiar to a majority of the boys. Their act was very amusing throughout, and they earned, and received the hearty applause of their hearers. The final act of the Bill, which was confined to three numbers, was Jewell and Apel, juveniles, who gave a remarkably good exhibition of precocious talent; the little maid, at whose age we refuse to guess, having long ago learned the skill of the ladies in camouflaging the same, she may have been six, or sixteen, well, she sang sweetly, while her still smaller partner, in a Charlie Chaplin make-up, turned such‘ cart wheels as would have graced any smithy, varying this at odd times by “bumping the bumps” with the most prominent portions of his anatomy. We were most pleased with them, as with their predecessors, and we extend to them our sincere thanks for their kindness, and the most cordial of invitations to call again, and permit the 2d Section to witness their skill in entertaining the obviously bored. We must not forget a word of praise for the accompanist, Miss Blanch Washburn, who so kindly volunteered her services in our behalf, and to whose excellent performance at the piano we owe a large part of the after noon’s enjoyment. We are very much in Miss Washburn’s debt and can but tender our heartiest thanks in partial payment. Miss Russell was late in appearing but finally showed up, when Mr. Kraupa during a pause in the picture, had the lights turned on, and appearing on the stage, announced an added feature, and stepped back to allow Miss Russell to face an enraptured audience; and did they greet her? Yes, they did, and only the presence of the ventilators probably saved the roof, for the yell that went up was spontaneous and forceful. Miss Russell, visibly moved by the warmth of her reception, spoke briefly, telling of her pleasure in being once more allowed to minister to our pleasure, and not forgetting to mention the kindness of the Board of Inspectors in removing the larger obstacles in her path by rescinding it’s former ban upon female performers. Three riotous reels of comedy completed the day’s amusement, and everybody went “home” in the best of humors, after such an afternoon of unadulterated pleasure as they had not experienced for many months.  B 8266 Sec. 
