---
title: The Umpire “Ad” Column
author: Unknown
issue: 13
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 45
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN    Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.       FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hairbrushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $5.00. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)       ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the various forms of Alopecia (falling hair) Dandruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray treatments for facial defects of any description, B 6533, 7th. Gal.       WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B 9019, 10 B.       UMBRELLAS-—repaired and covered. B 8939, 8th Block. Cell 22       LOOK—First-class_ pincushion shoes for sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.       FOR SALE One stocking machine and ribber 140 needle machines brand new will sell cheap B 7965 7 Block       FOR SALE—Banjo and Case, Instructor, extra set of strings $6.00 B 6919 12 B2 Gal.       PATRIOTIC—Watch fobs of beads for sale. B 7599, 4th Block.       FOR SALE—Pincushion shoes, B 7362, 6 B.       FOR SALE—150 American bead ‘flags, and 3 pairs of slippers. B 6343 12 B 2d Gallery.       FOR SALE—Pincushion shoes, price 75 cents each, B 9215 6 Block.       FOR SALE —Pianvette cheap with 150 sheets of music, good as new. B 9059 7th Block.       LOST—In front of band room, an Alto mouth piece. Please return to B 8960 5 Block.       CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts, Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools; Flag Pins, Shields Humidors, and trays. B 8023, 1st Block.       LISTEN—Y our razor put in first class condition. Razors honed, ground full, hollow, or half concave. I specialize in this line B 7452, 8th, Block. 

