---
title: The Creed of the Decent
author: Crane, Frank (Dr.)
issue: 20
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 46
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE CREED OF THE DECENT I    AM decent. I am not particularly pious, nor normal, nor good, nor cultured, nor superior, but-just plain decent. I don’t like dirt. I don’t like soiled clothes, nor unkempt hair, nor fingernails in mourning, nor muddy shoes, nor course speech. I am not finicky, nor proper, nor fussy, nor fastidious. I am decent. I like wholesome things, a white table cloth, an individual drinking cup, a clean plate, a tidy bed and a child with its face washed. I don’t like adulterated bread, adulterated drinks nor adulterated people. I don’t like dealers in scandal, ugly hints, innuendoes, nor any of the stab-in-the-back gentry. They are the slimy snakes and stinging mosquito of the human race. I don’t like anybody who talks against Uncle Sam. If anybody does not like this country let them go to another. To live in Uncle Sam’s house and whisper against him is nasty. For a wife to speak slurringly of her husband or a husband to do so of his wife, is also dirt. I don’t like spies, sneaks, tattletales, troublemakers. They are the same as lice. Ugh! I like the nakedness of cleanliness better than the covers of perfumery. I like clean anger better than a smoky grudge. I don’t like religion that is an ugly fanaticism, nor learning that is an offensive egotism, or any excellence that is degraded to selfish ends. I may be poor, but I can be clean. I may be ignorant, but 1 can be polite. I may be wicked but I don’t have to be course. I am one of the great mass of people in these United States who will put up with almost anything but—dirt. From dirt physical, mental, or emotional, from all dirt, good Lord deliver us.    Dr. Frank Crane. 
