---
title: Opportunities
author: B-8000
issue: 20
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 46
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
OPPORTUNITIES    While reading an article. in one of the magazines “The value of spare minutes,” it came to me that thanks to the judges all our minutes are spare ones, and if it pays the man on the outside to use his few spare minutes for improvement, I should think it would also pay the man on the inside to use his many spare minutes in the same way.       The opportunities offered to us to do so are many. And remember that outside these walls you would have to pay heavy for any of them, while here they are offered to you absolutely without cost of any kind. Those of us who through force of circumstances failed to learn to read or write, the schools under the supervision of Mr. Bonsall give opportunity to repair this.       Others might find the correspondence courses in arithmetic a valuable opportunity.       For the men with a trade the Engineering Courses conducted by the Y. M. C. A. and the State College will prove an opportunity worth dollars in the pay envelope. A new course will start shortly, take advantage of it.      For the large class that makes farming their business, the opportunity offered by the State College Correspondence Courses in Agriculture is of great value and none should miss it. Statistics of the U. S. Department of Agriculture prove that farmers with a high school education make twice as much money than those with only a common school education, while those with an Agricultural education make about four times as much. So you see even in farming knowing how, does pay.       Within a short time we will have the pleasure of hearing Prof. Thos. I Mair Supt. of Correspondence Courses in Agriculture give us a short talk of the monetary difference of modern farming as against the old rule of thumb methods.       Any one that wants to hear this lecture, or wants further information about any of the courses mentioned in this article should send his number to Mr. Bonsall, Principal of Schools, and he will do the rest.       In conclusion I want again to call your attention to the fact that there is absolutely no cost attached to any of the Courses, all materials, etc. will be furnished free. Make your time count for something and do it now. Don’t wait for tomorrow for remember tomorrow never comes.       Mr. Hickman of the Y. M. C. A. will be in the institution on Thursday afternoon at 2 P.M. and would like to have all present at the school who are interested in the Engineering Classes, that he may outline the work to them.    B 8000.      

