---
title: Somewhere in France
author: Tees, Frank M. 
issue: 20
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 46
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE    Oct. 13, 1918.    Dear Brother:—    As the mail truck had difficulty in finding us we were without mail fer a week or more. So consequently I have two of your letters at hand. The UMPIRES also received and the write up was great. Fine, thanks. You see when we are in an attack we hardly get a chance to do anything, as when we come into camp perhaps our machine is not running well and we have to work on it. Then look around for a place to sleep. When we are advancing the mail truck has a hard time finding us. Well when a fellow is tired, his nerves worn out, or almost at breaking point, and has an environment that is anything but for writing letters and can’t show a light at night on account of aviators, he doesn’t feel much like writing I’ll tell you. I always think of-you and the boys at the place and when I receive a letter from you it turns a dull day into a happy one every time. I am feeling fine and have had no accidents so far recently. Enclosed find a paper that was dropped from a German airplane. This is held up to ridicule here, so get it translated and you will find out how ridiculous it is. Everything looks good over here now, we have the Germans crying now. He didn’t cry the first part of the year but he is sure getting his now. We had a chance to look over a town our division had the honor to be the first French soldiers to enter since 1914 being in the Germans hands all that time. Well it is pretty well shot up. At the base of each column in the church the Germans had taken stones out and inserted a mine in preparation of blowing it skyward. The mines had been removed when we were there. They also had taken the pipes from the organs, the statues from their pedestals in the squares and also the names or descriptive plates therefrom. One night recently Fritz came over with a lot of bombs and one came so near us that we could here it whizzing down through the air. But lucky, for us it didn’t explode and was what we call a dud. Frank. P. Tucker carried off first honors for throwing the hand grenade—63 meters at a field meet somewhere in France. Well be good and and I will write later.    Brother Frank M. Tees 


