---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 20
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 46
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Sproul and Beidleman are elected by a huge majority. The Governor-elect’s declaration of purpose: “My one thought and purpose is to do those things for Pennsylvania that a new day demands; to seek those fundamental changes which I believe are necessary if Pennsylvania is to advance to full realization of the promise of this progressive age.”       He may call a Constitutional Convention. And let us hope he won’t forget those medieval penal laws.       Only 88 new cases of influenza reported in the city during the last week, as compared with 730 the week previous. Deaths for the week numbered 812, being a decrease of 969 from the previous week. The toll of deaths in the State from the disease is about 38.000 to date. Here’s hoping it don’t come back.       There are lots of men who have a good aim, but persist in wetting their ammunition.       New Jersey’s legislature, safely Republican, may vote the State dry; the party being pledged to Prohibition. If that’s the case, why build that bridge across the Delaware?       WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.—The first government contract for the employment of prison labor has been made by the office of the director, purchase and storage, salvage division, of the United States army, with the New Jersey state board of charities and corrections for the repair of shoes by the inmates of the prison at Trenton. This change in the government policy regarding prison labor is the result of President Wilson’s recent executive order, stating that the demand for supplies cannot wholly be met by private help owned or conducted factories not employing prison labor. Preliminary arrangements for the utilization of New Jersey’s prison population were begun at a conference between Governor Edge and Adolph Lewisohn, president of the national committee on prisons and prison labor, at a meeting in August.       Representatives of the salvage division of the army who inspected the prison plant found the shoe shops equal to any factory in the United States. Two hundred men will be employed immediately, one-third of whom are skilled shoemakers found among the prison inmates. One thousand pair of shoes will be repaired daily and this quota will shortly be increased to 2000 pairs. The salvage division of the army maintains shoe repair units at each cantonment in the United States, but the more difficult repair work will be sent from each of these cantonments to the prison shop at Trenton. The government will pay a wage of forty cents an hour for each prisoner and the eight-hour day will prevail. 
