---
title: Wilson Peace Terms
author: Wilson, Woodrow (President)
issue: 4
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 48
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WILSON PEACE TERMS    The basis for peace as enunciated by President Wilson in an address to Congress January 8, 1918:       First. Our covenants of peace openly arrived at, after which there shall be no private international understandings of any kind, but diplomacy shall proceed always frank and in the public view.       Second. Absolute freedom of navigation upon the seas, outside territorial waters, alike in peace and in war, except as the seas may be closed 6n the whole or in part by international action for the enforcement of international covenants.       Third. The removal, as far as possible of all economic barriers.       Fourth. Adequate guarantees given and taken that national armaments will be reduced to the lowest point consistent with domestic safety. Italia Irredenta, all those areas.       Fifth. A free, open-minded and absolutely impartial adjustment of all colonial claims, based upon a strict observance of the principle that in determining all such questions of sovereignty the interests of the populations concerned must have equal weight with the equitable claims of Government whose title is to be determined.       Sixth. The evacuation of all Russian territory and such a settlement of all questions affecting Russia as will secure the best and freest cooperation of the other nations of the world in obtaining for her an unhampered and unharassed opportunity for the independent determination of her own political development and national policy.       Seventh. Belgium must be evacuated and restored.       Eighth. All French territory should be freed and the invaded portions restored, and the wrong done to France by Prussia in 1871 in the matter of Alsace-Lorraine, which has unsettled the peace of the world for nearly fifty years, should be righted ‘in order that peace may once more be made secure in the interest of all.       Ninth. A readjustment of the frontiers of Italy should be effected along clearly recognizable lines of nationality.       Tenth. The peoples of Austria-Hungary, whose place among the nations we wish to see safeguarded and assured, should be accorded the freest opportunity of autonomous development.       Eleventh. Rumania, Serbia and Montenegro should be evacuated; occupied territories restored; Serbia accorded free and secure access to the sea.       Twelfth. The Turkish portions of the present Ottoman Empire should be assured as secure sovereignty; other nationalities which are now under Turkish rule should be assured an undoubted security of life and an absolutely unmolested opportunity of autonomous development; the Dardanelles should be permanently opened.       Thirteenth. An independent Polish State should be erected, which should include the territories inhabited by indisputably Polish populations, which should be assured a free and secure access to the sea.       Fourteenth. A general association of nations must be formed under specific covenants for the purpose of affording mutual guarantees of political independence and territorial integrity to great and small States alike. 

