---
title: Correspondence Courses in Agriculture
author: B-8000
issue: 4
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 48
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CORRESPONDENCE COURSES IN AGRICULTURE    Whether or not the fire that a few days ago destroyed the Engineering Building -at the State College, causing a damage of over $ 300,000.—. will interfere with the Correspondence Courses in Agriculture we do not know, but if it does it will only be temporary.       Those among you, that are farmers or would like to become farmers will find these courses of great value, and should not miss this chance to acquire knowledge, that after your discharge will pay you well for the time and work spent on them.       Quite often I have been told by men whom I asked to take up these courses, “Oh, I know all about farming”. This always reminds me of a case I know of. This man also knew all about farming.       A farmer when 20 years old, married and bought a farm. He did not have enough money to pay for it, so he put a heavy mortgage on the farm. For 40 years he worked like a horse from early morning until late at night, until infirmities, brought on by old age and hard work, forced him to turn the farm over to his son. All these years the mortgage set heavy on his shoulders and he turned it over to his son with the farm. Eight years after the son had taken the farm, he had the mortgage cleared off. He had no better equipment than his father, but his father had farmed with muscles only, the son mixed brains with his muscles. The father had probably as much brains as the son but did not know how to use them. The son studied and put the knowledge gained in his studies to practical use with the result as shown.       There is a very curious thing about brains— its unlimited capacity. A box or barrel can hold only a certain amount, their capacity is limited. While the more you put on your brains the more room you find and the easier you will find it to acquire’ knowledge and to put the same to practical use.       Give it a try. You have all the time, The only thing you will have to spend for it, “as everything else will be furnished free of charge, Think it over and if interested send your number to Mr. Bonsall. B 8000 


