---
title: Work or Drill?
author: Unknown
issue: 4
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 48
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WORK OR DRILL?    We regret to notice that a number of our local “warriors” seem to labor under the impression that the E. S. P. Military Training Corps—better known locally as_ the “Guerillas!”—is a relic of the late lamented Coxey’s Army; and as such, quite immune from work in whatsoever form it may take.       We enjoy the perfect felicity of being an “officer” of the said “Army,” and are blithely aware that we only appear in “Camp” when we know that rations are about due to be distributed; and now that we have definitely placed ourselves in the ranks of the malingerers, we will go gaily ahead with our self-appointed task of pointing out to the ‘Lotos-eaters” of the “Army” that this organization was not designed as a Harbor of Refuge for “conscientious objectors” to work; for those whose idea of a Perfect Day, is a day spent in bed, with a peck of cigarettes, and “Abe, the Artless Assassin, or Twelve Buckets of Blood; but was rather intended, and instituted as a medium of preparation for those who might later attain to the opportunity of war service; and now that war is supposedly over, it is being retained, not as a “Hotel de Gink,” but rather for its proven beneficial effect upon the health, and perhaps the morals of its members.       The setting-up exercise; the open-air drilling have had a most excellent effect upon the participants in. the same, as is evidenced by the medical records of the last few months.       The “Army” was practically immune from the attacks of the “flu”, almost all of those locally attacked, coming from the shops, or other indoor employments, which might be used as an argument against work, or not, dependent upon the reasoner’s attitude towards oranges and ice-cream. We have no statistics at hand as to its effect upon the fortunes of those leaving us, but we are almost sure that the uniform has been but seldom disgraced by its former wearers, and as yet we haven’t heard of any “reenlistments.” Personally, we would like to see the entire place, and population militarized, THE UMPIRE and drill made compulsory, instead of voluntary; we being fully aware of its immense value to the individual, but we have an equally huge respect for work as a restorer of lost values -and persons and we would advise both -to be taken before meals, and then Heaven help the Commissariat!       Drill, and its concomitant, discipline, strengthens both body and will. It can make, has made in many instances real upstanding men, out of weaklings who don’t dare smoke a cigar; because if they pasted anything heavier than a cigarette to their upper lip, they’d overbalance themselves. Without that sense of obedience to the superior force, whether it be natural, human, or spiritual, the battle is already half lost, for who can hope to command even his own spirit, who has not learned to obey?       We are sure that all are agreed as to the value of drill, but how about work? Here isa wide divergence of opinion, ranging from those who regard it as being quickly fatal, to those who have a sneaking admiration for it but are afraid to show it, for fear of earning the contempt of their fellows.       Right here we are going to interpolate the historic remark made to the Hon. Bob, on a not-distant day by an Inmate who was asked by the Hon. if he wanted a job, and “indignantly” replied, “You done asked me that once already, and I told you No!”       Gentlemen, I ask of you, can you picture the resultant scene? The censorship forbids our recording the reply of the Hon. Bob, but it’s tenor can be guessed by the echoes and reverberations that yet linger in the neighborhood, and the “insulted” warrior hasn’t been seen since. So much for the life of dolce far niente!       Frankly we must unsparingly condemn any such attitude. The man who will refuse the work which was once so eagerly sought within this Institution; who would take a selfish advantage of a situation which was, and is intended to be helpful, and not harmful, is much less than a man and is deserving of the severest condemnation of his fellows, and all ills which are certain to be visited upon him. To refuse a proffered chance of labor in such a place as this, where hours are short, and bosses are all “easy bosses,” is to write oneself down as quite undeserving of consideration, and utterly lacking in that most important of all qualities that go to make a man: the will to labor. 




