---
title: War Has Cost Two Hundred Billions
author: Unknown
issue: 4
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 48
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WAR HAS COST TWO HUNDRED BILLIONS    The Federal Reserve Board reports that the direct cost of the war for all belligerent nations will amount to nearly 200 billion dollars before the end of the year. If Santa Claus had this money: He could give every man, woman and child in the United States $2.000, or he could buy a home for every in the United States and send the oldest son to college. This amount of money in  silver dollars, if loaded into freight cars would fill 7,833 trains of twenty cars each and each car carrying forty tons, and there would be about six car loads left to pay the crews In silver dollars it would weigh 12,500, 600, 000 pounds. These trains loaded with silver dollars, would reach from Philadelphia to San Francisco. The direct cost of the war for all belligerent nations to last May is reported at about $175,000,000,000. For purely military and naval purposes all belligerents spent about $132, 000, 000, 000 to May 1, or about three-fourth of the total war cost. The balance represents interest on debt and other indirect war expenses. About $150,000,000,000 of the total war cost has been raised by war loans and comparatively little by taxation. Hereafter the annual burden of the seven principal belligerents to pay interest and sinking fund allowances will be not less then $10,000,000,000, and probably much more. 




