---
title: Lutheran Churches Union Consummated
author: Unknown
issue: 4
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 48
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LUTHERAN CHURCHES UNION CONSUMMATED    New York. Nov. 15.— The final union of the several sections of the Lutheran denomination in this country and Canada, became an accomplished fact today with the incorporation of the three bodies, the General Synod, the General Council and the General Synod of the South into the United Lutheran Church of America. Three thousand clergymen, 5,000 churches, 1,000,000 confirmed members and 1,600,000 baptized members are represented in the new organization.       The merger meeting was formally opened after the delegates of the three general the bodies entered the auditorium in solemn procession. They came into the ballroom headed by the officers of the United Lutheran Church of America. Prayer was said by the Rev. Frank F. Fry.      Addresses were made by the Rev. Victor G. A. Tressler, the Rev. M. G. G. Scherer  and the Rev. Dr. Theodore E. Schmauck and greetings by the Rev. Dr. Junius B. Remensnyder were responded to by the Rev. Dr. Fredrick H. Knubel, president of the United Lutheran Church. Doctor Knudel deplored the spirit of Bolshevism which stalks abroad in the world today and told of the emphatic stand taken against it by the Lutheran Church.       A complete constitution for the government of the new body which has already been adopted by all the synods was ratified by the Assembly. Following the completion of legal proceedings, the convention adjourned, and in resuming business at the afternoon session proceeded to the election of officers. Upon the third ballot the Rev. F. H. Knubel, pastor of the Church of Atonement, New York, was elected president. The Rev. Dr. M. G. G. Scherer, of Charleston, S. C., president of the former United Synod of the South, was elected secretary, and E. Clarence Miller, of Philadelphia, treasurer.       In his inaugural address to the Assembly Doctor Knubel reaffirmed the loyalty of the Lutheran Church to the Government and the nation. 


