---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-8266
issue: 4
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 48
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES    There was no meeting of the Board of Delegates held during the week. The resignation of B 8662, Delegate, 12-2d Gallery, was accepted, and B 8989 was appointed to fill vacancy. Expenditures for the week were: B 8258, watch fobs, $1.50; B 8436, ladies hand-bag, $5.00; B 7784, inlaid boxes, $28.00; B 6316, boxes, $3.50; B 7021, pincushion shoes, $1.95; B 8203, boxes, $17.00; B 8266, boxes, $4.00; B 9311, trays $9.75; B 7971, pincushion hoxes, $3.00; B 1381, brushes, $20.12; B 9152, humidors, $12,00; B 7737, toy furniture, $3.00; B 8526, loan, $3.00; thrift stamps, $1.00; one year’s subscription to the Crisis, $1.00; second installment on Liberty Bonds, $80.00; loan, B 5847, $5.00. Receipts for the week were; from Circulating Library sales, $4.85; from sales thru Mrs. Bartlett, $12.00; thru Mr. Dipple, $5.00. The above listed purchases were all made to be sold thru the disinterested kindness of Mr. Frank Dipple, of the Brotherhood Mission, who is bent upon repeating this year his generous action of the last. Saturday afternoon the members of the 2d Section enjoyed another first class entertainment at the hands of Miss Russell, Mr. Kraupa, and their staff of artists, and helpers.       It was a solid three hours of interest, and healthy fun, it being after four o’clock before the last flicker died on the magic screen, and the audience drew that long collective breath of satisfaction which means that hero, and heroine are in a fair way to be married and live happily ever after.       The Vaudeville bill was a long and an excellent one, being headed by Mr. Gestwalt, monologist, who told a number of darkey stories in an inimitable manner; and was followed by Grimes & Hoffman, singers, etc. who entertained the audience very acceptably indeed, and were succeeded by the Melody Jewels, who appeared this Saturday, in separate settings, Miss Vogel, violinist, Miss Davis, vocalist, and Mr. Joe Sullivan, accompanist-and singer, presenting a most pleasing act. Miss Selma Carvel, the “Black Mammy” then appeared in “black face,” and sang a number of Dixie songs to the delight of the colored portion of the audience, ending with some darkey dialect tales, which vastly pleased her hearers. Lee & Lee who followed presented the best act of the afternoon, and were heartly applauded, by an appreciative audience. Miss Lee had a really fine voice, and Mr. Lee’s portrayal of a Hebrew character was perfect, to say the least, and the twain kept their hearers in gales of laughter, or when singing, in such silence as evidenced the truest appreciation.       We extend to them the sincerest of invitations to return. La Petite Adeline, whom we are honored by having as an Honorary member of our Club, appeared with an entirely new repertoire of songs, and a striking new dance, and captured the hearts of the audience as easily as of old. Professor Hines, ventriloquist, gave a very interesting, and amusing performance, and Lang & Marshall, comedians, closed in a telling manner, along, and entertaining bill.       Mr. Frank Kenyon, was again present, and brought for our pleasure and profit, Mrs. John G. Wilson, war-worker, and composer of patriotic songs, who was introduced to the audience, by Mr. Walker in a thrillingly patriotic speech. Mrs. Wilson was good enough to sing for us, her famous song, “Hats off to Uncle Sam,” after telling us of her inspiration for the piece, the chorus of which was sung again and again by the audience.       Mr. Kraupa mounted the stage during a pause in the performance and called the attention of the audience to the fact that the Christmas holidays were fast approaching, and appealed to them to make a good showing in the collection for the Kiddies Xmas Fund, which is now being collected. He told the members that by giving liberally to this fund they could best thank him for any pleasure he may have given them, and spoke of how fine a thing it was to make even one child happy. We feel sure that the response to such an unselfish plea as this will be most gratifying.    B 8266, Sec. 

