---
title: The Recidivist
author: Unknown
issue: 11
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 50
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE RECIDIVIST What to do with the recidivist is the greatest problem of modern penology. How to treat the man or woman who persists in regarding a prison as their natural habitat, and the Outside, for which the majority of us so hunger, as a summer, or winter resort, to be visited at irregular periods for a short vacation, but which, under no circumstances, should be used as a permanent place of residence, under penalty of forever losing caste with their own peculiar organization, is the crying question of the day, and one as difficult to answer as the riddle of the Sphinx. Shall they be given another chance, or not? Shall they be welcomed with open arms; comfortable quarters practically kept in reserve for them, with a pleasant berth, whose working hours would make the eight-hour day look like the most detestable tyranny, or shall they be received with disfavor, viewed with suspicion, and “given the hook” on every opportunity? We would say, give them the other chance enjoying the firm belief in the winning powers of kindness, over brute force, but it is sentiment warring with reason, for a cold, and pitiless logic seems to teach us that the Draconian method is best, and the only thing to do would be to escort the returning prodigal to the nearest wharf, attach a “fifty-six” to some convenient portion of his person, line him up with his back to the river, and then, without benefit of clergy, push! This would undoubtedly be the German solution of such a\problem, but fortunately for the erring, the German idea has gone down in defeat, and the idealism which says that every man is entitled to his chance to prove his powers prevails over all the earth, but whether it is entirely right and proper for anybody to attempt to prove that a prison is a better and a more desirable home than a ten-cent lodging-house is beyond our poor ability to determine. Personally we would prefer the ne plus ultra of gutters, with freedom, to even such prison as that we now adorn, but there is no accounting for tastes, as someone with a latent sense of humor once remarked, and there are those who think otherwise. It seems incredible that such a life should be the result of deliberate choice but the facts in a number of cases with which we are familiar would seem to point that way, and for such, we have but one suggested course of treatment; internment, a segregated zone, with freedom to work, only; and the curtailment of all privileges to the minimum, for it is just such as they who make difficult the pathway of the honestly inclined, and that the thing is infectious is clearly proven. The recidivist should be treated as one suffering from an incurable and infectious disease, one which only the most heroic methods can cure. For in the face of all the evidence we still believe it curable. The man never lived who was indissolubly wedded to his folly, and his redemption lies always in his own hands, tho a really New England conscience, with which we are sometimes afflicted, compels us to admit that a little of the old time religion goes a long way to aid, and that some sort of unselfish friend, neither earthly, or otherwise, must be had for the subject, else is the experiment doomed to failure at the start, for full many a tub cannot stand on its own bottom, and needs the saving grace-or-brace of a love, human, or divine. Here lies the real solution of the problem, help unselfishly given, the love of a good woman; the sincere friendship which gives all, and asks nothing in return but the knowledge of having given a needed service; the love of God which passeth all understanding, only one, or all of these can make men of such as are the subjects of our discourse. 
