---
title: The Xmas Kiddie Fund
author: A-8432 
issue: 18
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 51
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE XMAS KIDDIE FUND.    “Go where the stockings hang empty,    Where Christmas is naught but a name    And give-for the love of the Christ—child;    “Twas to seek such as these that he came.”       So you men, who have the money to give, let not the little children go without their Christmas toys this year. If itis within your means to be a Santa Claus for a little boy or girl, whose father is in here and who is unable himself to make his child glad, and you withhold it for selfish reasons then you do a great injustice to the memory of your own childhood. Let us not forget the children for whom the day of Christmas is primarily intended. The shadow of these prison walls must not fall upon their happiness of the day.       The little ones we left behind are innocent of our wrong doing; many of them do not know. where their father is; mother tries her best to hide it from them, and as long as they get their toys and joys on Christmas morn our disgrace may yet be hidden from them and prevent the marring of their future life. You who have no child of your own, you should feel doubly glad to be able to help your fellow man who is here in the same boat as yourself. It is a wonderful inspiration to mankind this Christmastide, the spirit of goodwill towards all seems to overtake us and fill us with a craving to make someone else glad. It is the spirit of the little child born in the manger of Bethlehem that fills us. So let us remember the little kiddies, whose father is away. Let us stretch forth and help her who is left behind with the little ones. Let us make the day gladsome and full and happily tired for them.       For such, he asked, should come to him.       The Committee on the Kiddies Xmas Fund wishes to extend to each and every Inmate. And our, outside Friends sincere thanks for their kind Donations to the Fund. The total amount by section No. 1. and No. 2. for December was $100.05;(Dollars) Including the Ladies on the 2nd. Block. Collection which was taken up in March to the fund Including both sections was, $103.76; making a Grand total, for March and December, $203.71. Again we wish to thank you one and all for the noble cause in which you have responded in making so many little hearts happy. May God reward you one and all, we extend to you al, our best wishes.    A 8432. Vice President. 
