---
title: The Spirit in Which We Work
author: Unknown
issue: 18
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 51
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE SPIRIT IN WHICH WE WORK    It ought not to be necessary to ask a man if he likes his work, his face should tell that. His very buoyancy and pride in his task; his spirit of unbounded enthusiasm and zest ought to show it. He ought to be so in love with his work that he finds his greatest delight in it; and this inward joy should light up his whole being.— A test of the quality of the individual is the spirit in which he does his work. If he goes-to it grudgingly like a slave under the lash, if he feels the drudgery in it; if his enthusiasm and love for it does not lift it out of commonness and make it a delight instead of a bore, he will never make a very great place for himself in the world.      The man who feels his life-yoke galling him; who does not understand why the bread and butter question could not have been solved by one great creative act, instead of every man’s being obliged to wrench everything he gets from nature through hard work; the man who does not see a beneficent design and a superb necessity in the principle, that everyone should earn his own living— has gotten a wrong view of life, and will never get the splendid results out of his vocation that were intended for him.—       Multitudes of people do not half respect their work. They look upon it as a disagreeable necessity for providing bread and butter, clothing and shelter,— an unavoidable drudgery, instead of as a great man builder, a great life university for the development of manhood and womanhood.— ‘They do not see the divinity in the spur of necessity which compels man to develop the best thing in him; to unfold his possibilities by his struggle to obtain his ambition, to conquer the enemies of his prosperity and his happiness.— They cannot see the curse in the unearned dollar, which takes the spur out of the motive.       Work to them is shear drudgery— an unmitigated evil. They cannot understand why the Creator did not put bread; ready-made on trees. They do not see the stamina, the grit, the nobility, and the manhood in being forced to conquer what they get.— No one can make a real success of his life when he is a the time grumbling or apologizing for what he is doing. It is a confession of weakness.       So when we in here have paid the price demanded for the wrongs we once committed and we go out for another try, let us be wise in choosing our occupation, let us put the right spirit into our work, let us treat it as if it was a call from principle. If the thing itself be not important, the spirit in which we take hold of it makes all the difference in the world to us. It can make or mar the man. We cannot afford to form a habit of half doing things, or of doing them in the spirit of a drudge, for this will drag its slimy trail through all our subsequent career, always humiliating us at the most unexpected time.       Let other people do the poor jobs, the botched work, if they will. Let us keep our standards up, our ideal high, for the attitude with which we approach our task has everything to do with the quality and efficiency of our work, and with its influence upon our character. What a man does is part of himself, it is the expressions of what he stands for. Our life-work is an out-picturing of our ambition, our ideals and our real selves.       If we see a man’s work we also see the man. 


