---
title: A Tombs Angel
author: Unknown
issue: 18
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 51
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A TOMBS ANGEL    There is a little canary bird living on the 12th block and belonging to B 7687 that has drawn to himself more admirers than any bird we have ever heard of in here. The sweet notes he pours forth all day long almost compels attention and hardly a one passes down the block without being drawn by this little songster’s warbling calls. And he is almost human, claims his owner, and what we have seen and heard of him he equals almost the canary spoken of in the following little incident:       A very pretty incident is related of a canary bird by a Georgia paper. The door of the bird’s cage was occasionally left open that he might enjoy the freedom of the room. One day he happened to light upon the mantle-shelf, whereupon was a mirror. Here was a new discovery of the most profound interest. He gazed long and curiously at himself, and came to the conclusion that he had found a mate. Going back to his cage, he selected a seed from its box, and brought it in his bill as an offering to the stranger. In vain the canary exerted himself to make his newfound friend partake and becoming weary of that tried another tack. Stepping back a few inches from the glass, he poured forth his sweetest notes, pausing now and then for a reply. None came, and moody and disgusted he flew back to his perch, hanging his head in shameful silence for the rest of the day; and, although the door was repeatedly left open, he refused to come out again. 




