---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-8266
issue: 18
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 51
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES At the delegate meeting of December 10th the following were admitted to membership in the Club: B 9423-50; 9418-50; 9411; 9421; 9427; 6263. B 9118, newly appointed Delegate for the First Block, was presented to the Board by the Chairman, and given an appropriate welcome, responding with an impromptu speech. The Report of the Treasurer showed a Balance in the Club Treasury of $115.46, Expenditures of the week were: B 8989, slippers, .50; B 6152, commission on ‘waste paper sales, $4.84; B 6153, commission on waste paper sales, $4.84; for Xmas gifts, $30.00; Thrift Stamps, $1.00; B 8757, watch fobs, $6.00; B 8722, watch fobs, $1.00; B 8717, watch fobs, $3.20; B 8358, watch fobs $2.00, B 6567, slippers, $1.00, to Mrs. Shront, to relieve need, $10.00. Receipts of the week were: from sales in Library, commissions etc. $6.75; from Circulating Library sales, $5.50, sale of Postcards, $19.04; sold thru Mr. Dipple, $25.00; miscellaneous sales, $8.75; donations, $2.00; waste paper, rags, etc. sold, $96.84. During the past week a gift of some hundreds of Xmas cards was received from Mr. E. J. Lafferty, of the Board of Inspectors, who thus repeated his generous act of the preceding year. These were disposed of among the Inmates for a purely nominal sum, enabling those fortunate enough to secure some of the same to appropriately remember the home folks, or friends, at little cost. We are very deeply in Mr. Lafferty’s debt by reason of his kindly thought, and deed. The Kiddies Xmas Fund was brought to a triumphant conclusion in the course of the week; a resume of the same will be found elsewhere. The total being approximately $204.00 for the year from the Inmates alone, which will be materially increased by the donations of outside friends, including a “remembrance of $5.00 from the late “Curly” of pleasant memory, and also $5.00 from the Chaplain. We have some 274 kiddies on the list, evenly divided between boys, and girls, and the price of toys, clothing, etc. has risen appreciably, but the above-mentioned sum, added to a Balance of about $150.00 remaining from last year when we were exceptionally fortunate in our buying, should be sufficient to give each and every one of these little ones who must suffer for deeds of ours, one Happy Day. Saturday’s entertainment, looked forward to with such interest, because of the promised appearance of the feature Picture, “The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin’? was in every way up to, and in some instances surpassed expectation, for Miss Russell, not to be outdone, brought in an extraordinarily brilliant constellation of vaudeville “stars”, and for those all-too brief hours, the “boys” had a most enjoyable time, watching the vicious power of the Kaiser wane, and crumble, on the screen, until the inevitable hour when American soldiers stood in his palace halls, and he passed out, to a deserved execration, a prisoner. We owe, and tender the deepest thanks to Mr. Garrick, of the Universal Company, for his generosity in affording us the opportunity of seeing this justly celebrated “feature.” The first act on the vaudeville program, was presented by Hal & Eva Ring, Comedians, and it proved to be A-1, as was evidenced by the hearty applause which greeted their very successful efforts to amuse. Adams & Arthur, followed in another comedy “turn” which was quite as good, and made a splendid foil for the succeeding act, the Eleva Duo, in a “coon-shout”, and singing act, which won hearty applause, and a determined encore from the delighted audience. Mr. Al Wilson, comedian. appeared in “character”, and told some very good stories, in an inimitable manner, and retired amid laughter and applause, to make room for the Paramount Quartette, who provided the hit of the afternoon, with their excellent singing, and “business”, and were called back again, and again by a cheering audience. We extend to all the above-named, and to Miss Russell, their sponsor, our most sincere, and deserved thanks for the part they took in furnishing us a most delightful afternoon and do venture to hope that they may be induced to repeat their visit in the near future, that the 2d Section, may be given the pleasure of seeing, and hearing them. Will Miss Russell kindly see to this? Thank you, we knew you would. B 8266 Secretary 
