---
title: Christmas
author: Unknown
issue: 25
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 52
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CHRISTMAS    Christmas, what does it mean to you? What does it mean to me? Does not that thought intrude and force its way into innermost recess of one’s mind, situated as you are at present, isolated from the loving home ties, that in far or near past awakened in your heart the anticipation of the glad and joyful times that were to be.       Do you once again recall with heart longing the boyhood days when Christmas was the greatest day in the year? And good reason you had to look forward to this day, for then did dear old Dad and loving Mother make your innocent heart leap for joy as you received gifts from their loving hands.       Maybe they had to deny and sacrifice much that your joy might be great, never-the-less when your little eyes were filled with wonder and your tender heart rejoiced, they felt more than repaid for any sacrifice.       Now that you have older grown how have you shown appreciation for the loving kindness of your loving parents. Have you struggled along life’s pathway honestly and earnestly trying to mould your future so that someday your loved ones might point to you with honor and pride and say “That’s my Boy; he has proved himself worthy and the world respects him.”       Or has it been otherwise with you fellow inmate. Have you lived a life of sin, have you deceived and cheated and weaved a web about yourself that has finally enmeshed you and brought shame, dishonor and sorrow, not only to yourself but also to those who loved you most dearly.       You know full well the path you have trod.       You know only too well why your Christmas, will not bring the cheer and comfort that comes to the honest upright clean living fellow.       Is it not a good time to reflect and find the source of your present misery. There is yet time to beat back on to the narrow lane that is straight and that leads to Home sweet Home. Time there is yet to adjust your self so that someday your Christmas may be all that it should be not only to yourself but to those whose hearts are filled with sorrow because, the erring boy is not at home.       Time enough yet to make Mother glad, to make Father proud and win the respect and esteem of all who know you.       Take it unto yourself to profit by the mistakes you have made in the past. Make this Christmas a memorable one by starting to live, and lead a life right here, that will fashion and shape your future so that you may fearlessly reenter the world and make good: using the dear old Chaplain’s words:    Will you do it? 


