---
title: Untitled
author: Brooks, Phillips
issue: 25
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 52
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Merry Christmas Wishes    Are hereby extended to the Board of Inspectors and officers of the Institution who have ministered in numberless ways to us during the passing year.       Oh, do not pray for easy lives!    Pray to be stronger men!    Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers,    Pray for powers equal to your tasks!    Then the doing of your work shall be no miracle,    But you shall be the miracle.    Every day you shall wonder at yourself,    At the richness of life which has come you by the Grace of God.    --Phillips Brooks       The beautiful picture of Christmastide, drawn by our friend Rev. Thomas Latimer, which we present, reminds us of our duty towards the many who in the passing year have so faithfully labored for our welfare.    May it long live in our hearts and lead us to accept to the full its interpretation of a Christmas and Better New Year.       God gives us joy that we may give.    He gives us love that we may share.    Sometimes he gives us loads to lift.    That we may learn to bear.    For life is gladder when we give.    And love is sweeter when we share.    And heavy loads rest lightly too.    When we have learned to bear.       Oh let us all when we commence,    To slander friend or foe,    Think of the harm one word may do,    To those we little know.    Remember curses sometimes like,    Our chickens must “roost at home,”    Don’t speak of other faults until,    We have none of our own.   




