---
title: His Christmas Rose
author: Seley, Etta
issue: 25
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 52
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Christmas Rose    By Etta Seley    Sammy was so small that it was hard to realize he was ten years old. He had been tossed about all his lonely little life—living down among the wharves or in alleys. Of father or mother he had no memory. His only idea of home care was formed from the attentions bestowed upon him from time to time by some motherly souls living in the shanties on the tide flats or sheltered by the miserable houseboats built on scows and anchored along the shores of the river. He earned a pittance as a bootblack, and took care of himself; and such care! When I first met him he was leaning against the door of the church listening to the boys sing. They were at work on Christmas music, that happy festival being not far distant. I had opened the door hastily, and he crouched in the shadow as if he expected a blow. He was wet and shivering with cold, and I coaxed him inside to get warm. Our choir boys were a sensible lot, and so made the poor lad feel somewhat at home—although he greatly overawed at first -by the strange surroundings. From that night the choir boys took charge of Sammy. He became an attendant at the Sunday school, was quite independent since he had been set up in a good booth and his business prospered and tried hard to use decent language and keep out of fights. That was the hardest—to keep out of fights and not lose his standing with the other boys on the street; but he managed it somehow. Then one Sunday he was not in his class, and we all knew something had happened—something was wrong. We found him at the Hospital; he had fallen under a car, and both his poor little legs were broken, but he had not lost his cheerfulness.       “Hard luck, Sammy,” I said to him.       “Yep,” he replied, “hard luck, but I’d It ” ruther have it me legs then me arms.       was always so; he ever saw the bright side of the dark clouds. Very slowly the days dragged by, but the choirboys came often to see him, and sometimes to read to him; and he was to be out soon, the nurse said. It was the day before Christmas when she told me he might go the next day but must use crutches a long time. That very afternoon Sammy’s teacher sent him a beautiful, long stemmed, red rose. The little card with it read;    “With much love and best wishes for Sammy, and in remembrance of the Blessed Christ Child.”       “It’s a beauty,” I remarked.       “Ain’t it a peach, though?” he said smiling through his tears. “What d’ye s’pose ever made her send it to me, though?”       “Why, because she cared about your being sick and hopes you will soon be well again, as we all do. And besides, you know what else the card says, and tomorrow is Christmas.”       He sat looking out of the window a long time then, holding the rose caressingly against his cheek.       I was with him when it came, and for the first time since I had known the boy I saw him cry. He held the rose first against one cheek and then the other, and great sobs shook his whole body. At last he drew a sleeve across his eyes, and said brokenly, “I reckon—you think I’m a—a great crybaby—an’ I reckon I am—but I never had a —a rose before in my life—’n’ I guess I ain’t very strong—or I wouldn’t bawl about it.”       When I left I said, “Well, boy, you and your rose leave together in the morning, I suppose?”       He laughed as he said, “ Well you kin jes’ bet yer head the rose goes, if I do.”       The service Christmas morning was unusually well attended, and we felt from our pastor’s voice that something moved him profoundly. For one, I confess I was openly curious, for it was rare indeed for that voice to tremble or hesitate in any part of the service. After the benediction he turned to the alter and lifted something carefully. When he faced us again I saw he held a long stemmed, red rose and a piece of brown wrapping paper.       “My people,” he said, “ you see what I hold here.” Then he related in a few words the story of Sammy, and of the gift of the rose, of which I had told him the night before. “I found this at the foot of the altar cross here this morning,” he continued, “and with it this note sadly misspelled, it is true, but overflowing with Christian charity and the true spirit Christmas-tide. I will read it:”   “Deer rector.    ‘i leev this rose hear. i was goin to tak it hom but when i got to the church suthun kep a-sayin pig pig pig. So i rekun the lord dont want me to keep it when sum uther kid needs it morn i do. pleze send it bak to jimy ross at the hospitul. he cant never get out. and dont you tel him I had it tel him its frum the Christ Child.”       He paused. “Who may reckon the price of this gift?” he said.       Turning again, he presented the rose before the altar, as he would the regular alms offering. As one person the congregation rose, and then sank to its knees as the rector left the sanctuary. A great wonder held us all. Who that day had given best? We of our plenty, or Sammy who had given the sweetest thing which ever had come into his life, nor sought praise for himself in the giving? 




