---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-8266
issue: 25
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 52
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES    Owing to the limited space in our Christmas number it is not possible for us to print the detailed report of last Saturday afternoons entertainment, but take pleasure in stating that both Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa provided the first section with a most elaborate Christmas Program, a treat that will linger long with those who were fortunate in being present.       But as the conclusion of the performance was a feature in itself, we will here give the Secretary’s own narrative. Editor.       At the conclusion of the vaudeville the real Christmas feature of the entertainment was staged, when Vice President A 8432 mounted the stage and summoning Miss Russel before him, presented her, as a token of the Club’s appreciation of her work in its behalf with a fine beaded bag and “contents”. Miss Russel, retiring in good order, was succeeded by Miss Blanche Washburn, our superlative pianist, who was the recipient of another bag, in recognition of her work, then Mr. Kraupa was called to the front and a fine silk umbrella with engraved name plate, presented him, carrying with it the best wishes of the entire body of donors. “Pete” drew a long breath and called upon the Warden to come forward, who was presented with an umbrella similar to Mr. Kraupa’s and responded with a telling speech of thanks.       Then “Pete” staged the hit of the afternoon, by summoning to the stage “Hon.” Bob Myers, who had been lured to the scene by a false alarm and succeeded in wishing upon him a similar umbrella. The “Hon.” had been taken quite unawares, and being unprepared with a speech, was forced to retire in some confusion; to be succeeded by Mr. Walter N. Souder, our First Deputy, who was given a rousing reception and an umbrella, as a grand climax. Now it was the turn of our president, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty to be led to the slaughter and he, to a tumult of cheering, was presented with a beautiful inlaid smoking table, as a slight token of the sincere appreciation, felt by all the members, for his constant and untiring efforts to advance their interests, and his many sacrifices in their behalf. Our President is no reincarnation of Henry Clay, As but managed in a few words to convey to us his appreciation of our gift, which was enough for us. Lastly, Mr. Jimmy Mulligan, “the man in the box”, was presented with an envelope, which, report hath it, was not empty, and Mrs. Mulligan not being present, he was able to say a few words and retire gracefully, leaving everybody satisfied that the afternoon had been well spent.      Among the many visitors present, we were pleased to note Mr. Charles Horn, of the Jewish Welfare Board, fresh from his task of providing entertainment for the soldiers in the training camps at home and abroad who frankly declared that Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa had him beaten in his own line. It was a gala day, and the Warden’s announcement that there would be ice-cream for Christmas lent its finishing touch and sent everybody home in the happiest mood.    B 8266, Secretary. 


