---
title: Christmas Bells
author: Unknown
issue: 25
volume: 12
year: 1918
month: 52
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CHRISTMAS BELLS A MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL* * * If you listen to the Christmas Carols in the morning and interpret them right, your day will be bright and happy.* * *Though Roast Beef, Mince Pie and Fruit come but once a year it never fails to bring with it heaps of joy and contentment.* * * That the Kiddies will have their toys and a Merry Christmas also this year is evident by the broad smiles of the H.F.C. officials and the long lists of contributions coming in. Thanks to those who made it possible. * * * Our aged friend and head of the Binding Dept. B 7302 received his pardon at the last meeting of the Board and is thus assured very happy Christmas. He leaves with the best wishes of all who had the privilege to know him here. * * *Rev. Mr. C. Boswell of the Methodist Hospital paid our bible class an unexpected visit last Wednesday and gave to the men a message that went straight to the hearts of those who were fortunate in being present. * * *That our Band will do its part in making Christmas a merry one for us is evident by the select program printed on this page. Music hath always charm but more so of course on a Christmas day. * * * It is reported that Mr. Kelly the Overseer on the 7 Gallery is very ill. This will undoubtedly be sad news to the many in here whose days were brightened by this young officers kindness and good-will. May he soon recover, and return to us. 
