---
title: Untitled
author: Unknown
issue: 13
volume: 11
year: 1918
month: 45
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Electrical “wizard”, air, and hydraulic pressure experts, are requested to call upon Cap’n George Eels in his office in the Dove Block, at any time between 8 a.m. and 4.30 p.m. when they will hear of something to their advantage. Cap’n George is said to be contemplating the early installation of an electric “mother” for his feathered charges, which will be guaranteed to feed, wood, and water them with automatic precision at fifteen minute intervals, and help is urgently needed.       He has suffered from the well-meant efforts of a lot of “amateur” talent, and is reported to be disgusted with the lot, and will pay high wages to really competent workmen.       [Column 3]      A Dress Parade of the Grand Army of the E. S. P. was held on Monday of last week; the reviewing Officers being Dr. H. W. Hassel, Resident Physician, who had lately been elected to the Surgeon-Generalship of the Corps; and Dr. Elwood Kirby, Consulting Surgeon to the Institution, who was that day elected an Honorary Colonel to the Corps; with them on the stands, was the Colonel, B 9131, and the Lt. Colonel, and the troops went thru their paces to the edification of the visitor, and the admiring spectators; with the Colored Troops carrying off the honors.       “Col “ Kirby was most pleased to see the interest taken by the men in the soldierly exercise, and in a happy little speech highly complimented them upon their wisdom in undertaking voluntarily a work of much value to themselves, both as regards health, and temperament.       
