---
title: A MESSAGE OF CHEER FOR THE NEW YEAR
author: Maud B. Booth
newspaper: The Umpire
year: 1918
issue: 1
page: 1
tags:
  - New Year's
layout: item
---

A MESSAGE OF CHEER
FOR THE NEW YEAR

The following communication from Mrs.
Maud B. Booth was received by the editor
for publication in THE UMPIRE. As the
message is eloquent in its expression of good
will and effort to cheer our inmate readers,
we feel that it needs no other comment than
to say tnat it is most welcome:

- December 26, 1917.
Dear Friends and Comrades:

I know the editor of THE UMPIRE will give
| me a corner in which to Wishyou a good and

glad New Year. I will make my message
very short because I know how much there
is to crowd into each issve of the paper. I
want to tell you that as the old year dies and
1918 comes in I shall be praying for one and
all of you and giving my life again to God in

4. renewed consecration for your service.

I have thought and worked for you all for
i twenty-one years and I am more enthusiastic
: and more anxious to help you today than
ever I was. What I have seen in the lives
¢ of the many who have gone forth and made
d: good has made me supremely conscious of
| the good possibilities for you all.
Remember, dear friends, as you go into
* the New Year with its new clean pages upon
* which each one of you must write a record
‘that you will get out of 1918 just what you
put into it. If earnestly, patiently, faith-
fully you strive to make good there will come
back to your own heart a joy, to your own
character a strength, and to your own days
. a usefulness which will repay you for every
effort. ; '
To many of you the doors will swing open
i in this coming year and you can go forth to
test your new resolves. To others there may
not be the liberty of the outside world but
there can come freedom to the spirit and the
blessed realizaticn that even within the walls
¢ each day may be made well worth while.
God bless you one and all. Let me help
i you where 1 can.
Always your true friend and Little Mother,
Maud B. Booth
