---
author: B-8266
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '3379'
image: umpire_1918_005.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' obituary'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates on December 26th only routine business was transacted. Fifteen applications for membership in the Club were received, and favorably acted upon, namely: B 8927, 8928, 5347, 8901, 8923, 8932, 8916, 8913, 8924, and the following gentlemen, who having apparently dodged the tax-collector contributed a total of $1.15 to the Club’s War Chest: B 8912, 8930, 8922, 6862, 8914, and 8925. The following expenditures were made duriug the week: $1.50 to John Wanamaker for towels for the use of actors; $8.79 for postage on Xmas Cards sent out by Club members: the same having been generously presented to the Club by Mr. Lafferty of the Board of Inspectors, and the Club’s Treasury being the richer in the sum of some thirty dollars by their sale.

Every Official of the Institution, from the Board of Inspectors to the watchmen by the wall was remembered with a card bearing tke best wishes of the Club for the New Year, and if any have been overlooked we tender them our sincere apologies, and our very best wishes. Sums, totaling $43.76 for Xmas Gifts to the Club’s friends were paid during the weék, with more to follow. Next week, which will mark the beginning of the Club’s fourth year, we hope to give a resume of all its activities of the past year. The Honor and Friendship Club contributed $10.00 to the Mutual Death Benefit Association of the Overseers to be added to the sum paid the family of the late Mr. Fairbrother. It is understood that this contribution is to be continued on each occasion of death of Overseer. 

ENTERTAINMENT

It was a very stormy day Saturday, but the 2d Section were not worrying much; we all have faith in Miss Russelland Mr. Kraupa, and in their ability to overcome all obstacles.

Sure enough, the delay was but slight, and in the interim “Pete’’ introduced to a delighted audience ‘‘Peggy, B 7725, the only “one-wheel locomotive" in captivity, who did his “‘stunt’’ with entire success, though threatened for the moment with ‘‘engine trouble.”

During the interval of waiting the Vice-President, A 8432, mounted the stage and announced to the audience the death of Overseer Mr. Fairbrother; he paid a fine tribute to the deceased officer as being just and honorable in all his dealings, and one animated only by the thought of helpfulness, and voiced the sympathy of the Club for his bereaved family. In tribute to his memory the Band under Prof. Wiegandt’s fine leadership played Chopin’s ‘‘Marche Funebre’’ while all bared their heads.

The picture of the afternoon was ‘‘A Daughter of the South,” with the dainty Miss Bessie Love in the title role. It was a story of the ever-present conflict between Capital and Labor; with Love—and Bessie, smoothing out all difficulties in the end. It was suspended in the middle to allow the ac- tors to do their ‘‘bit’’ and keep other engagements. Mr. Walter Roy, Entertainer De Luxe, was the ‘‘Bill—topper’’ in a singing and talking act. ‘‘There’s a Service Flag Flying From Our House’’ was his best number, and his telephone momolog was also very good. He closed with a medley of Irish Songs, and Harry Lauder’s famous song ‘‘A wee Deoch an’ Doris,” which mystic words we tell the curiously inclined, mean the last drink at 3.15 A. M. Morgan & Lang, comedians, followed, and were thehit of the afternoon. There little ‘‘skit’” which might have been entitled ‘‘The End of a Perfect Day in a Theatrical Boarding-house” was very good, indeed, and reaped a large harvest of laughs. We particularly liked the one gentlemans singing of ‘‘Wont You Say a Prayer for the Boys Out There’’ and there closing number “When I’ll Come Back to you’’ was vigorously encored. We thank them in the name of all for fifteen minutes of pure fun, and extend to them the heartiest of invitations to return. The Living Comedy Four, returning, were welcomed with enthusiasm-—there can be no doubt of the members’ liking for for this merry Quartette—they were even better than before, if such a feat were possible, and were the recipients of repeated encores.

The closing reels of the picture being run off, the Vice-President mounted the Throne, and summoning the Hon. Jimmy Mulligan to his presence, presented that estimable young gentleman with a sealed envelope containing a slight material token of the Clubs appreciation of his truly strenuous efforts. Though clearly taken by surprise he rallied nobly, and speaking a few words of thanks, and voicing his best wishes for a happy New Year for all the Club’s members, he retreated in confusion, amid a rapid-fire of applause.

The following should have appeared in our last weeks ‘‘Notes’’ but lack of space prevented. Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, President of the Club, when he had finished playing “Santa Claus’’ tried to hide himself in the audience, but was discovered, haled to the stage, and ‘‘Pete,” in what was perhaps the best speech of his career, presented him with a Loving Cup, filled to the very brim with love, and best wishes of every member of the Honor and Friendship Club. The Honorable “Rube” was a bit overcome, but rallying bravely, spoke of the great pleasure our gitt had given him; of the fine supporthe had received from virtually every member since the first inception of the Club, and he hoped that our conduct would continue to be as unifcrmly good in the future, as in the past, that the Club might advance to newer triumphs, and become a still greater power for good. And he assured us, in closing, that Mrs. Micawber like, he will never desert us.

Vice-Presieent, A 8432, then presented the President, acting as proxy for the absent recipients, Loving Cups to the Warden, our consistent friend, whose belief in us has never wavered, and has steered us successfully past more rocks than the most of us wot of; to the Board of Inspectors, who have worked with us, rather than against us, and have given us much; to the ‘'Little Mother of the Club,’’ Mrs. Jane Gates, whose deeds of kindness are known to but few, though experienced by many. Itwasa warm afternoon for ‘‘Pete,” and only Miss Russell’s prompting from the ‘‘wings" kept him from a nervous breakdown.

Next Saturday, Janurary 5th, 1918, the First Section will be out as follows—10B, 1B, 11 B, 8 B, 9 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12—1G, 12 B, 12—2G.

—B 8266, Secretary.