---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '3382'
image: umpire_1918_006.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- New Years
- ' advice'
title: The Proverbial New Leaf
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE PROVERBIAL NEW LEAF

It is a common thing at New Year’s time to hear people talk of turning over a new leaf, making good resolutions, and wiping the slate clean, or in other words, begin again with a new start. That is one way to help blot out the black marks. of an unsatisfactory past.

It is a right thought and will bear fruit if —if the thought sticks long enough to bring action. We are all more or less given to thinking things that are not carried out to fruition, and its only when we make the thoughts stick that we accomplish anything worth while.

It will be remembered that primitive men once drew their thought pictures in the sand, and no doubt their skill and conception was crude at best. We also know that primitive men lived and fought for their scanty existence and died. Not having a substantial foundation on which todraw their pictures, those they left were so lightly imprinted that they were soon effaced by the tread of wild animals, and the rainstorms.

Passing on to the cavemen, we find that they carved their pictures upon the rocks with infinite care and patience and they left behind them carvings that all the changes of centuries could not erase. These pictures are all we have to tell us of the early history of the world. We can see that that which endured had a foundation of something substantial—of rock.

If we have poor drawings and soiled pages on our book of life, it would be well to turn over a new leaf and start on a clear, smooth, substantial backing that will endure. But it is necessary that we start the new page with infinite care and patience, and stick to it with whatever tools we may have, no matter how unsatisfactory the tools may be. They must be made to cut and sink in deep enough to leave an enduring impression. Unless we do that all other efforts will be of little avail. We must carve our good resolutions deep into the heart so they will endure the stress of storm for all time.