---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '3383'
image: umpire_1918_006.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' war effort'
title: The Federal Prison Labor Bill
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE FEDERAL PRISON LABOR BILL

No doubt it will be good news to the inmate readers of THE UMPIRE to learn that the prison labor bill recently mentioned in columns as having been introduced in Congress by Senator Hoke Smith, of Georgia, and Representative Charles F. Booher, of Missouri, has every chance of becoming a Federal law, if present indications hold true.

In a letter to the editor, Mr. Adolph Lewisohn, of New York, Chairman of the Legislative Committee of the National Committee on Prisons and Prison Labor, states the ob- ject which that body seeks to accomplish in the enactment of the bill now pending.

"Employment of prison labdr for the production of war supplies is the purpose of the bill. Many proposals for utilizing prison labor for war purposes have been made without thorough appreciation of the economic considerations involved. Scientific treatment of the question by the National Committee on Prisons and Prison Labor, including conferences held in Washington with the different departments of government concerned and the American Federation of Labor, have led to the introduction of the bill. The American Federation of Labor has from the beginning strongly supported the measure because its provides for the elimination of those forces of prison labor exploitation which have made our penal institutions sources of private gain.

“It is unnecessary to go into detail concerning the prison labor problems involved in such legislation when anybody interested may turn to the latest volume on practical penal problems— "The Prison and the Prisoner,” just off the Little, Brown press, and find modern thought concisely stated by recognized authorities whose views are indorsed by the National Committee on Prisons and Prison Labor.

“I wish, however, to reassure the readers of your publication that none of the fundamental principles of social reform have been ignored by the framers of the pending labor bill. The war emergency in this case offers no excuse for lowering the standards of prison labor, but makes imperative higher standards in order that the highest efficiency may be attained. In many states private contractors are exploiting prison labor for their own gain, but the legislation will make possible a reorganization of the prisons of the country so that the beneficiaries of the prisoners’ labor will be the federal government, the state, the county, the city, the prisoner himslf, and the prisoner’s family. The prisoner will help win the war, he will add to the national wealth, and he will assume responsibility for dependents who need no longer be cared for by means of private charity. A wage commensurate with his labor will make this possible.

‘‘Another essential of prison reform which is to be insisted upon is the employment of the prisoner in an industry which will be of benefit to him on his release from prison. A man’s work in prison is the first step in fitting a social misfit to take a man’s place upon his release.

“The passage of this bill by Congress will mean the culmination of nine years’ of labor on the part of the National Committee on Prisons and Prison Labor in the interests of prison reform based on scientific study of actual conditions. I do not believe anything more important could have been attempted in the penal field.

“It is not expected that anyone who thoroughly understands the purpose and meaning of the bill will oppose. The prison contractors who have in many instances employed the prisoners have always contended that contract convict labor would have to continue until a solution of the selling problem has been worked out. This bill adequately provides for a sufficient market for the goods produced.

‘‘As stated at a recent dinner given in Washington, we have been in a fight for better conditions for seven years. We do not feel that there need be any dispute over this legislation, but we intend to fight to the finish to abolish the old conditions of exploitation and to give our men at the front the support of every possible bit of man power in this country.’’

In scanning the list of names of the active members of the National Committee on Prisons and Prison Labor, we note the large num- ber of prominent citizens of New York State who have devoted their time and energies to furthering the interests of the imprisoned. To say the least, this is only another evidence of the splendid spirit and true-heartedness of the residents of the Empire State; which fact should be fully appreciated by all who in any way benefit by their excellent work for prison betterment.