---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '3386'
image: umpire_1918_007.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- money
- ' information literature'
- ' history'
title: Money
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MONEY

The earliest pieces of metal used as money went by the weight. The next step was to stamp the coins, so that they would not have to be weighed each time. First, only the sides were stamped, as in Greece and Rome; but this left the edges unstamped. Dishonest people were always clipping off small pieces. Merchants and banks refused to take the clipped pieces because they were too light. To prevent clipping, the edges were stamped—sometimes with a crown or star, sometimes with little ridges.

The next step in the development was the restriction of the right to coin. In the Middle Ages almost every nobleman in the land had the right to coin money. Many of the coins were debased—that is, they were actually worth less than the stamp said they were.

Today the money of the world is coined by the Government only. Some paper money, to be sure, is issued in the name of the na- tional banks, but it is printed by the Government, which also limits the quanity and places safeguards around its circulation.

Money, in general, is of two kinds, ‘‘convertible’” and “‘inconvertible;” in other words, ‘‘exchangeable for gold” and ‘‘not exchangeable for gold.”

During the Civil War the United States issued ‘‘greenbacks’’—pieces of paper which were called ‘‘five dollars” or ‘‘ten dollars,” as the case might be. There was no promise that the Government would redeem the paper with coin. Most of the paper money today says on its face that it is a promise, ‘‘payable on demand’’ in gold or silver coin, as the case may be. Gold pieces are accepted all over the world, because face value is their real value.