---
author: B-1381
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '3397'
image: umpire_1918_008.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE— Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B. 

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs. See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block. 

FOR SALE  12 string mandolin and case in good order. $6.00. B 3142, 5th Gallery. 

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—Children’s toys. Various kinds on hand, and made to order. B 3847, 7th B. 

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any design made to order by expert bead worker. B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

FOR SALE—Hand-made lace. Clover leaf pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block. 

PICTURE frames made to order at reasonable prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 8079, 1st Block. 

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates. B 8784, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs on hand. Special designs made to order by expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block. 

WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other small mechanisms repaired. Conscientious workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal. 

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furniture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All kinds of novelties for sale. B 8202, 6th B. 

FOR SALE—$12.00’s worth of steam engineer hand hooks in good condition. Will sell cheap. B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all complete with accessories. Will instruct purchaser to operate. B 6727. 12th Block.

B 2361, 11th Block, offers to furnish material to make bead purses, to good workers, as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants send number to 11th Block.