---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '3405'
image: umpire_1918_009.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- crime
- ' prison'
title: Crime Does Not Pay
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

CRIME DOES NOT PAY

There was released from the Federal prison at Atlanta, Ga., on Thursday last, Sam Tate, who at one time was reputed to be the cleverest counterfeiter in the world. Crafty and skillful to an unusual degree, he vied with the Government officials in the game of wits, and for a time he won. But like all such cases, there came the inevitable end when the heavy hand of the law reached out and seized the transgressor. There followed the usual process of trial, conviction and a heavy sentence, so that Tate on coming cut into the world again is without money, friends, or a home to shelter him in his declining years.

Atone time Tate possessed considerable wealth and had many friends, as the world goes; but it was not long after he got into trouble, when both money and friends melted away like the fog before the sun’s strong rays, and he was left to face his predicament as best he could. 

Tate now says that ‘‘crime does not pay; never will, Money may come easy for a while, but it goes quickly, and there is little enjoyment to be had from illgotten gain.”

Continuing his remarks he went on to say that at one time he had a large sum of money, yet to-day he is without a cent. To quote his own words, ‘‘there is no success in crime. I have seen hundreds, yes, thousands of the worst or best, if you want to lock at it that way, and the only successful thieves I have ever met were those who saw the folly of their ways before it was to late and turned to doing the right thing.

“My life is ruined. I have almost lived it out, but I would like to stay until I'm 125 just to live down my past and realize a little of all I’ve lost. And, boy tell them this: An honest dollar may be a man’s best friend, but a dishonest dollar is his worst enemy, and it applies to business men as much as it does to the professional thief.”