---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '3409'
image: umpire_1918_010.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: The Little Things That Win
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE LITTLE THINGS THAT WIN

We are taught that the fountain of Courage is within the soul, and that the activities of brain and body are the channels by which Courage pushes forth to victory. Our experiences would tend to confirm this as true, and further, that great success is made possible by doing the little things well.

If we continue to do the small things with care and patience, after a while our actions become almost automatic, so that one has to break into the orderly routine to effect a check or interruption in the manner of doing things. That is one reason why, when a man is in the habit of doing his work or conducting his business affairs honestly, it is easy for him to continue in that way of doing, and it requires a deliberate interference in his accustomed habit to do otherwise. And the same may be said of all our endeavors, in whatever way we may choose to go, be it either right or wrong, the little things we continue to think and to do soon become a power for good, or for evil, and for that reason it is our duty to see that whatsoever we do or say is for our success in life.

Success is a matter of individual effort in every line open to human activity. It is up to you to see that your name is listed among the successful, and the respected. It all depends upon yourself and no one else.

It is a great mistake to think that anyone can do anything for your permanent good, unless you nave it in your heart and mind to go the right way and live a respectable life, Co-operation is imperative if we look to others for a lift, and the greatest endeavor must rightly come from the one that is to be benefitted, otherwise you are chasing a rainbow that will end in confusion and dismay.

The proper thing to do is to begin with the little things, and begin them right. Never mind the big things, for they will follow as a natural sequence, and you will awaken some morning with success staring you in the face. Then the big things will come.

So get busy. Wait not for the big things, but just make the big things grow out of the lot of little things that come trooping along.

Good Cheer and Courage are indispensable in our march onward, and if they bear us company as we think and work, there is no chance for failure; quite the contrary, for they inspire to bring out the best that is in us—the qualities that win.