---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '3411'
image: umpire_1918_010.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' wealth'
title: From A Prison Cell To Riches
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

FROM A PRISON CELL TO RICHES

A western correspondent writes of a former prisoner whose good fortune has given him a place among the high and the mighty, owing to his determination to do right and his faith in himself. As the story goes, the former prisoner passed from a prison cell to the exalted position of ‘‘potash king of America,’’ and the possessor of a fortune estimated as close to $2,000,000, in the romantic life of Frank L. Hulen, owner of thousands of acres of highly productive potash swamps in Nebraska.

Hulen was in Denver recently and met his former jailer, Tom Tynan, warden of the state penal institution. Hulen has never forgotten the warden’s friendship, displayed when a parole was secured through Tynan’s efforts, and at a dinner given Tynan here, the m:n who once laid stones in prison garb, recounted his experiences. Hulen left Oklahoma in 1910, treking up through Colorado and then on into Wyoming. While prospecting for oil in the latter state he was arrested on a serious charge and brought to Colorado.

Later on Hulen was sentenced from Jefferson county, Colorado, to two years in the penitentiary. His faithfulness to duty and the thoroughness with which he performed the arduous tasks around the ‘‘stone pile” attracted Warden Tynan, who assigned him to clerical work in the prison office. Later Tynan secured his parole.

While waiting for trial in the county jail at Golden, Hulen had become infatuated with the sheriff’s daughter there, who frequently alleviated the pining of those in the custody of her father furnishing sweets and performing small kindnesses for the unfortunate inmates.

Following his release from the Canon City institution, Hulen went to Golden. Wetile attending lectures at the Colorado School of Mines, he was deeply impressed with the declaration of a professor in chemistry, who, in describing a sample of water sent from a lake in Nebraska for analysis, said that the sample showed traces of potash that indicated the possibility of immense wealth if the territory that produced it were developed.

Hulen quickly won the hand of Miss Dennis, the sherriff’s daughter, and the couple started for Nebraska. He built a hut on the edge of a swamp, and for six months the newly- weds underwent many privations. To the bride it was a scene of desolation, but Hulen saw visions of untold wealth.

He acquired as much of the territory as possible, of the swamp land, and evolved his plans for the manufacture of potash. When the British shipping blockade cut off the supply of German potash, Hulen was prepared to furnish Uncle Sam with sufficient potash to offset the loss of the Teuton supply. He had the potash, but was handicapped by a limited capital fcr putting it into marketable condition.

Followed many legal entanglements with Nebraska bankers, and many months of liti- gation, but Hulen won his fight with the capitalists and now controls approximately eighty-five per cent. of the potash output of the United States. He hasanimmense plantat Antioch, Neb., and is rapidly accumulating a fortune that may rival the wealth of a Car- negie or Rockefeller.