---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '3419'
image: umpire_1918_011.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- swords
- ' information literature'
title: A Notable Collection of Swords
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A NOTABLE COLLECTION OF SWORDS

The United States National Museum at Washington has recently received and put on exhibition a notable collection of swords, uniforms and miscellaneous relics of Major-Gen. George B. McClellan. These mementos were a gift to the museum from George B. McClellan, of Princeton University.

The nine swords are perhaps the most in- teresting feature of the collection, says an exchange. The most striking of these is a gold-mounted sword set with pearls, present- ed to McClellan by a number of citizens of Boston in 1863, in recognition of his services during the civil war. The scabbard is inscribed: “To Major-Gen. George B. MecClellan from many citizens of Boston, Feb. 5, 1863. Pro rege. saepe, pro patria semper.’’

Two swords in the collection were carried by McClellan in the civil war, a dress sword and a service saber.

The other swords commemorate his Mexican war service, one dress sword having been presented to him ‘‘by a number of gentlemen as a testimonial of their high admiration for his gallantry during the war with Mexico. First at the siege of Vera Cruz; second, the battle of Cerro Gordo; third, battle of Contreras; fourth, battle of Churubusco; fifth, Chapultepec; sixth, capture of City of Mexico.”

Another of the swords carried in the Mexican war is a service saber with a small piece of the hilt broken away. The donor of the collection writes: "A piece of the hilt of this sword was carried away by a bullet which slightly wounded Gen. McClellan in the hand.”