---
author: B-8266
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '3424'
image: umpire_1918_012.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' warden'
- ' entertainment'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

Last week’s meeting of the Board of Delegates was held on Friday, December 4, that date marking the third Anniversary of the Club. We might write at length of the Club’s activities during the past year, but nothing we might say would speak more eloquently than the following summary of the Club’s expenditures for the year of 1917. Our works shall speak for us.

Loans to 60 inmates; paroled or otherwise discharged $234.73 
Gifts to inmates, or inmates families; Xmas Gifts; etc. 96.11 
Gifts to Y. M. C. A. 75.00
Gifts to Red Cross 75.00
Gifts to Boy Scouts 50. 00 
Liberty Bonds purchased 250.00 
Burial of deceased inmates 120.00 
Supplies purchased for Club uses 201.98
Miscellaneous purchases 161.80 
Commissions to waste-paper collector 40.61 
Periodicals purchased for C. C. L. 93.11 
Kiddies’ Xmas Fund (approximately) 300.00 
Total 1698. 34

The first business of the meeting was the election of a Treasurer to succeed B 7983 departed from our midst. Three candidates’ hats were in the ring; namely, B 8802, 2740 and 5290. B 8802, receiving a majority of the votes cast, was declared elected to that honorable and (perhaps) lucrative position. There was absolutely no disorder at the polls, and repeaters were conspicuously absent.

A report of the Finance Commitee showed $48.76 expended to date for Xmas Gifts; $0.35 to the President for ribbon; $1.00 Loan to B 7627 at Gate. Application for membership was made by the following and accepted: B 7467, 5331, 8933, 8934, the latter donating $0.50 to the Club’s Treasury,

The Warden having accepted an invitation to be present, and assist in launching the Club upon a fourth years voyage, was asked to address the Delegates. We regret that an injured ‘‘wing’’ made it impossible for us to take notes of his remarks, so that we must trust entirely to memory; but we feel sure that we will remember some of the things he said much longer than we’d like to.

There were moments during his discourse when we felt immensely proud of ourselves, and inclined to point a scorning finger at some others we wot of; and the next moment a barbed arrow would be rankling in our own bosom, and we would be feeling so small that we could have left the Hall at almost any knot-hole: and would have welccmed an earthquake as a dear old friend. He spoke of the charities of the Club, and the much good it had accomplished, and assured us that though our reward might not be apparent to our eyes, it was none the less sure: and he emnphatically told us that long years of observation had shown him the folly of the man who made his living by trading upon the weakness of his neighbors. He might succeed in deceiving all men; even himself for a season but some day he would get ‘‘his,” and get it good. The only safe rule of Life; as the only honorable one, is ‘‘play fair.”

It was an exposition of the ‘‘Square Deal’’ which would have ‘‘Dee-lighted’’ Teddy; and the Delegates showed their appreciation by their close attention, and the ovation tendered him at the close; when he assured us that we could best thank him by our actions, now, and in the future: by being good, and “making good’’

ENTERTAINMENT

The Entertainment on Saturday, Jan. 5th the first of the new year, was a brilliant sue- Professor Weigandt, and his Ever-ready Band were in fine fettle (whatever that means) and enlivened the brief interval of waiting for Mr. Kraupa, with some excellent music. The Hall, decorated in honor of the Anniversary, resembled a Bazaar of All Nations with its variety of Flags and Banners. ‘‘Jimmy’’ the Old Master, officiating at the piano, made a perfect score, being particularly effective in the ‘‘pinches.’’ Miss Russell, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Kraupa, and “Pete” added to the gayty of the oceasion by making speeches of varying lengths, and successes, cne of which was perhaps the cause of Jimmie Double O-O going to sleep, and being removed from the Hall in disgrace.

The picture of the afternoon was of the wild and woolly West, being the ‘‘Gun Fighter” with Wm. S. Hart in the title role. The audience liked it well, and the career of tne “Killer” was followed with breathless interest. The scenic and cloud effects were alone worth the price of admissicn.

The first act cn the program was Mr. Walter Lawser, inareturn engagement. He was seemingly in even better voice than before, and sang “There's a Long, Long Trail, Mother Machree,” and other pcpular Ballads to the satisfaction of all. Mr. Harry Howell who did a monolog in costume, made a very pleasant impression, particularly his song-recitative ‘‘Somewhere in France.” The Lyric Comedy Four returned to a still greater triumph: ‘‘Age cannotwither, nor custom stale their infnite variety.” Their joking and singing were so much to the audience’s liking that it needed Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa both to rescue them, and everyone was exceedingly loath to see them go. Miss Russell then announced that Mr. Steve O’Rourke, lately of Ziegfields Follies, had consented to sing for us; she assured us that Mr. O’Rourke was very particnlar in his choice of audiences, and leaving us thus pleasantly flattered. yielded the stage to the gentlemen in question; who then. for fifteen minutes held us spell-bound with the magic of his voice. ‘‘The Little Grey Home in the West,” “I Hear You Calling Me;’’ and, in response to a determined encore, ‘‘Tommy-Lad” were his selections, each having splendidly adapted to his rich tenor voice. We are Mr O’Rourkes debtors for a very pleasant memory, and hope that he will keep his promise to return at some future time, and give us the pleasure of hearing him again. In token of our appreciation, Vice-President, A 8432, pinned the Club Button upon his lapel, making him an Honorary Member of the Club. Mr. O’Rourke returned a few graceful words of thanks, and expressed his pleasure in serving us. 

Next Saturday, January 12, (perhaps) the Second Section will be out as follows: 4 B,1 B, 4 G, 7 B, 7 G, 5 G, 5 B and 3 B.

B 8266, Secretary.