---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '3425'
image: umpire_1918_012.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates B 7386 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; necklaces for ladles Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6623, 7th Block. 

TYPEWRITING— Done at reasonable prices and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes estimates cheerfully given. B 8156, 6 Block.

TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per month. B 7065, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block. 

FOR SALE—Hand-made lace. Clover leaf pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block. 

PICTURE frames made to order at reasonable prices. Satisfaction guaranteeed. B 3079, 1st Block. 

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates. B 8784, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furniture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

FOR SALE—$13.00’s worth of steam engineer hand books in good condition. Will sell cheap. B 6450, 1st Block. 

FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all complete with accessories. Will instruct purchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.

FOUND—Gold fountain pen; between 3rd and 4th blocks. Owner can have same by identifying property. Apply to B 6465, 3rd Blk.

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish material to make bead purses, as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants send number to 11th Block.