---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '3426'
image: umpire_1918_013.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- nautical school
title: To Establish Nautical School; National Scope
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

TO ESTABLISH NAUTICAL SCHOOL; NATIONAL SCOPE

Late news reports from New York announce that a plan has been submitted to the U. S. Shipping Board to establish a nautical school of extensive scope in that state. It is understood that the scheme was received with every indication of approval by a majority of the Commission.

As contemplated this will take in the N. Y. state school-ship, Newport, and instead of graduating a small number each year, as at present, the new school will be able to turn out from eight hundred to a thousand men qualified to serve as navigators.

The idea, in brief, is to found what will amount to a merchant marine Annapolis. The need of qualified seamen is, of course, apparent in the present emergency, and even when peace has come there is the feeling that our oversea commerce will be conducted more largely under the American flag then at any time since the Civil War. As a consequence, any institution devoted to that thorough training of seaman which the state schoolship gives, is regarded by those interested in this institution as a matter of na- tional significarce.

At the present time the men on the Newport, have, as a result of co-operative arrangements with Columbia University, the use of the Columbia pool, gymnasium, and classrooms, while courses in navigation are in turn offered to the Columbia students, This ought to be an inducement to young men with love for adventure who are attracted to sealife.

The success of this merger inspired the merchant marine authorities to devise methods by which further expansion could be brought about. At the present time the appropriation is only sufficient to maintain an output of a hundred able seamen and navigators.