---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '3430'
image: umpire_1918_013.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- entertainment
- ' soldiers'
title: '"Smileage" Latest Word In War Phraseology'
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

“SMILEAGE” LATEST WORD IN WAR PHRASEOLOGY

The very latest word to be coined, owing to war conditions, is ‘‘smileage.” And for which there is good reason. Early in the mobilization scheme of the U. S. Army it was realized by the authorities at Washington that entertainment of a high character would have to be supplied the men in camp.

The rigorous routine of training, the sudden change from home life to cantonment made it necessary to give the men in training relaxation from camp duties.

As worked out, a plan of supplying entertainment has been perfected by the Military Entertainment Council, appointed by the Secretary of War, which is now offering to the public what is called “Smileage Books." These books, like mileage books, contain coupons. The coupons are good for the admission of any soldier or friends accompanying him to the ‘‘shows’’ that are to be put on in the sixteen Army cantonments and National Guard camps.

The books, countersigned by the Secretary of War, will sell at $1 and $5, the dollar kind containing twenty 5 cent coupons, and the $5 variety containing 100 coupons. Relatives and friends of the soldiers and the public generally will buy the ‘‘Smileage Books’’ and send them either to the soldiers by name or to the camps for general distribution, and the soldiers will tear out the coupons and see the shows ‘‘for nothing.”

The Government has already built sixteen theatres in which the shows wiil be presented. Performances will also be given in the Liberty auditoriums and in the Liberty tents, originally under the direction of the Chautauquas, all now under the management of the Military Entertainment Council. The programs will consist of some of the latest. Eroadway successes, played by “No. 1” companies, as well as the best offerings frcm the Chautauqua field. At times the soldiers will be given opportunity to put on shows themselves, many professional actors and performers in different lines being among the men.

During the week of January 28 an intensive compaign will be carried on throughout the country for the sale of the ‘‘Smileage Books,” which, however, will probably be offered for sale before that date. They will be in charge of local committees and will be on sale in department stores, drug stores and in other places generally frequented by the public.