---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '3434'
image: umpire_1918_014.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
- ' worry'
title: Drive Out Worry
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

DRIVE OUT WORRY

Many of us are too much given to the habit of magnifying the small mistakes and troublesome events that take place in our daily life, and making them assume proportions that are entirely out of proportion to the true state of affairs. The result is a considerable loss of energy that induces fatigue and depression to both body and mind.

It is a serious mistake to hold onto the errors and troubles of the past, for there is no benefit derived by so doing; but on the contrary much harm is done. Today’s troubles will be much easier to control if your mind is freed of past clouds, so that you can direct your thoughts on the task at hand.

It would be considered a very foolish thing to dose the body with poisons, even in very small quantities; but as a fact we feed the nerves and muscles poison every time we continue to worry over little troubles by turning them over and over in the mind until they become an obcession.

In all walks of life today the demand upon our strength is continuous and trying; so don’t upset your peace of mind and waste your energy oun unnecessary and injurious fretting over events that are past or unavoidable. Turn your mind to some task you wish to accomplish, and refuse to be upset or misdirected by trifles. Then when it comes to facing a really serious problem of any kind, the mind will be free to cope with the situation, and all your energies will be in condition to respend to the demand, whatsoever it may be.