---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '3435'
image: umpire_1918_014.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- obituary
- ' charity'
title: Loss of a Good Samaritan
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

LOSS OF A GOOD SAMARITAN

Late news reports contained the announcement that thousands of persons attended the funeral of Dr. Paul Kaplan, on the lower East Side, New York city, where he was known and loved by nearly everyone, for his great charity to those in distress and need.

At the time of his death, Dr. Kaplan was seventy years old, and reputed far and wide as the ‘‘good samaritan doctor of the East Side.’’ His sickness was due to a heavy cold contracted while administering to the needs of a family who were in distress, having been without food and heat during the recent cold weather.

Dr. Kaplan was born in Russia of poor parents, and when a boy he came to the United States to seek a home, which he finally did in Oregon. While there he founded the first Jewish communistic colony in the west, known as the “New Odessa.”

Later he returned to Europe and took up the study of medicine in Germany where he graduated with honor.

Practically all of Dr. Kaplan’s latter life was devoted to charitable work in helping the poor and distressed, a work that he loved, and he was never known to refuse assistance to those in need who came within his sphere. Always open to appeal, he was ever ready to get up at any hour of the night, if need be, to carry relief to some suffering unfortunate.

What a splendid conception of a life’s duty. His name should not only be engraved on a tablet of gold, but his memory should live in the hearts of his fellow men as one who lived the commandment to "love one another.’’