---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '3440'
image: umpire_1918_014.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Electrical Experimenter
- ' Northern Lights'
- ' electricity'
- ' telegraphy'
- ' telephony'
title: Northern Lights Troublesome
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NORTHERN LIGHTS TROUBLESOME

When the aurora borealis, or ‘‘northern lights’’ pay us a visit there is trouble on all the telegraph and telephone lines. The reason for this seems to be that the aurora borealis, which is really an unusual electric emanation from the sun, sets up abnormal earth currents. The strength of these currents has been measured many times and found to have a potential varying between 425 volts positive and 225 volts negative and a resistance of about 2,000 ohms. 

Donald McNicol, assistant electrical engineer of the Postal Telegraph Company, who has given much study to this subject, made an official report in 1892, quoted in the Electrical Experimenter, in which he described the effects of earth currents on the ten Atlantic cables then in existence. Most affected was that from Brest to Miquelon Island, and the disturbances were greater at the western than at the eastern end, so that often St. Pierre could send messages to Brest, but could not receive any.

Long cables were more effective then short ones, southerly ones more than northerly ones, and the abnormal currents seemed to travel mostly from east to west. Sometimes the earth currents were so strong that they injured the condensers. But they are most erratic in their nature and behavior.