---
author: B-8266
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '3449'
image: umpire_1918_016.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' library'
- ' reading'
- ' magazines'
- ' charity'
- ' advice'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Honor Club took an involuntary vacation during the past week, there being neither Entertainment nor Delegate Meeting held; and now with jangled nerves a-tune, we face with composure. the activities of the present week. The total lack of happenings leaves us with mighty little to write about, so we trust the members will bear this in mind, and not condemn too harshly the glittering generalities which follow.

We wish we could say to every one, ‘‘start the old grindstone whirring, and sharpen up your sword, the Government has accepted our offer of service, and the Boche, having heard the news, is mining the road to Berlin,” but just like George Washington, we scorn, to tell a lie, and we can only say that we don’t know what the future holds for the members of the Club, either collectively, or individually. We can only hope. Of one thing we are sure, there are but few members who are not anxious to serve their country in her need, and who do not pray diily that some means will be found of allowing them to do so. The man who is content to remain a burden to his country at this time, is a mighty poor specimen of manhood, and we think, deserves all he is getting. Personally we would like to see the Club enlist in a body, and then with “Rube” on a tall raw-boned war horse to lead us, sword in hand, or teeth, as circumstances might dictate, with ‘‘Berlin, or H— by Christmas’’ as our motto, we would win this war. In the mean time we can only obey orders and wait, doing what we can to help; and whatever the future brings, whether we be asked to dig trenches, or turnips, be sure we will do it with a will.

Now a word to those of our members who seemingly think the Club exists only for the purpose of giving an Entertainment, or Outing, on Saturday afternoons. They have a totally wrong idea of the spirit and purpose of this Club. It is organized for helpfulness, rather than amusement, and its very biggest reason for being, is that it should be means of fostering a spirit of co-operation between the Officials and Inmates; in the work which should be, and we believe is, the daily task of both; the making, and not the breaking, of men. It particularly irks us, to hear of Delegates being called all manner of names, such as ‘‘rats; snitches,” ete, for doing their duty, and reporting some flagrant vio- lation of the rules ¢n the part of a member, or members. Every fair-minded man must acknowledge that when a ‘‘kick” must be made, it is given, and received, with a better grace, when coming frcm a friend, than from an enemy; and that the fault of one, if overlooked, may lead to the unjust, though necessary punishment of the many. The Delegatesare there to see that no one violates a rule of the Institution, or Club, and they should be given loyal support, and not criticism; for what they do is in the interest of all. It is most unfair to ostracise a man for doing his duty, however distasteful such duty may be, and we are sure that all those who are in sympathy with the spirit, and purpose of the Club will not countenance such folly. We can never hope to govern ourselves until we have learned to obey. The spirit of obedience is one of the most valuable of traits, for he who really possesses it is fitted to command.

We would like to call the attention of members to the fact that the Club’s Circulating Library could accomodate a few more subscribers. We have literature to suit the taste of all; the week.y and monthly reviews for the student of affairs; ‘‘high-brow’’ publications for those Bostonians temporarily residing in our midst; for the frivolous minded, publications consisting of a moiety of pictures, and a residue of reading matter of the Laura Jean Libbey, and Ella Wheeler Wilcox brand. And last, but far from least, we have a Librarian who can hand out Magazines with a charm of manner, which often more than doubles their value to the recipient. A paltry charge of 2c a day is made, which should be but a mere bagatelle to our local “munition millionaires.”

Next Saturday, January 19, the Second Section will go out as announced in last weeks UMPIRE.

B 8266, Secretary.