---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '3454'
image: umpire_1918_017.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- labor
- ' war'
- ' patriotism'
title: The War and Labor
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE WAR AND LABOR

According to the opinion of Dr. Frank Crane, no class of people have so much at stake in the present war as those who labor.

Substantiating his belief he says:

“The American laborer is not wholly sordid. His aims are not only material. His goal is a spiritual one also.

“That is, he is not struggling merely for more wages. The sole o bject of his labor union is not just more food and clothes and leisure.

“He wants to be respected, to be a citizen, to have equal rights and privileges with the employers. He wants to be a man, and not a thing; a human being, and not a commodity; a soul, and not a chattel.

‘‘He wants power, justice, freedom, and all the other spiritual goods that human beings naturally desire.

‘‘In America, under democratic institutions, he is free to organize and agitate for these ends. He has a hand in moulding his government. His vote is as good as the capitalists. He is not battened down in his class, he is free to rise to any height if he has it in him. 

"For Germany to conquer, for her to be able to make peace before her military ambitions are permanently rencered impotent, would be to fasten upon the workman the nost odious tyranny. 

“Capitalism here may be bad, but capitalism plus Prussianism would be infinitely worse. 

“The German ruling class is today the greatest menace to the common man. It means special privilege carried to its most loathsome degree. It means adding to whatever evil there may be in capitalism the odious fiction of the superiority of the high-born, the insolenc: of military martinets, the brutality and inhumanity of a morbid egotism, and the divine right of kings.

“The president of a great labor organization did well therefore, when he issued a call to labor to celebrate the week of Lincoln’s Birthday as a Nation-wide Loyalty Week. 

This is not Wilson’s war, nor the Army’s war, nor the Politicians’ war; it is the people’s war.

“The labor leader’s sentiments are sound: Let us rally the forces of freedom that they may do their full part for the triumphant world struggle of to-day, so that justice, freedom, and democracy shall survive and become world-wide as guiding-rules of all peoples and all nations as well as in international relations. And thus making for a permanent peace and for universal brotherhood.' "