---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '3455'
image: umpire_1918_017.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- income tax
- ' war effort'
title: Income Tax Hits 6,000,000
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

INCOME TAX HITS 6,000,000

According to the government statistics, five hundred thousand individuals paid a tax upon their incomes last year. This year six million American citizens will be called upon to shoulder for the first time this new burden of taxation.

‘‘Shall we, however, call this a burden? Is it then a burden to support the great institutions in America that protect and shelter us? Can it be a burden to uphold the arms of our President in a cause that is just?

“It is true, of course, that we are carrying a great burden of taxation, but we are poor business men if we regard these taxes as money lost. They are but the premiums we are paying on the greatest insurance of all times—insurance against the conditicns now ruling in Russia. Insurance that will protect and preserve our families, our property, our lives, our ideals, all that we are and all that we hope to be. Think of Belgium systematically ruined, think of Poland devastated and laid waste, think of Armenia, a nation massacred and murdered by an ally of the Huns. Think on these things, and then remember that every dollar of taxes you pay into the Treasury of the United States places another barrier between your loved ones and such unspeakable horrors as these.

“The payment of the income tax is the present duty—the splendid privilege—of six million citizens.”