---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '3457'
image: umpire_1918_017.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- cigar
- ' smoking'
- ' war effort'
title: Are We to Lose The Stogie?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ARE WE TO LOSE THE STOGIE?

A wholesale dealer in tobacco of Cleveland, O., is authority for the statement that stogies soon will be no more. The war has knocked the stuffing out of them, or rather, it has taken the stogies stuffing away to fill cigars of more aristocratic shape. Profit is all but gone. Prices climb, but so also do the objections increase against paying the higher rate. Taken altogether, the chances for the stogie are as slim as itself.

As virtually all Cubans can roll cigars so was it once possible for many Americans besides professicnal cigarmakers to manufacture their own smokes. Hospitable folk of the rural districts thought it the fine thing to offer there guests cigars which had been made in the house. The stogie was the last of its kind which could be said to have an unprofessional origin, many thousands being rolled by women at their homes in periods of the day when household duties were light.

If now the stogie is to disappear, cigar making in this country will cease to have even the slightest of the amateur touch.

This vanishing is to be regretted, not simply because the stogie was a cheap smoke, but also because it was picturesque. It fitted a certain type of American face. It went with long chins, long legs, bodies without superfluous flesh. The man whose pockets were stuffed with stogies seemed to be armed against lonesomeness and the power of any one to ‘‘turn him down.” Smokers of timid spirit never affected stogies.