---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '3462'
image: umpire_1918_018.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- charity
- ' orphans'
title: A Noble Deed Well Planned
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A NOBLE DEED WELL PLANNED

A most gratifying piece of information comes to hand as we read that John E. Andrus, of Yonkers, N. Y., has recently founded an orphan asylum at that place in memory of his deceased wife; the value of endowment and grounds approximating $2,000,000.

It is declared that this is to be followed by several more millions of dollars to other worthy causes, among them the Surdna foundation, through which he expects to give to charitable causes a portion of his fortune estimated at from forty to seventy millions. In regard to which Mr. Andrus announces that he was simply carrying out plans that he and his wife had decided upon before she passed away.

“We always thought,” said Mr. Andrus, “that little children and old people were equal subjects for our loving consideration. I have concluded first to erect and endow in this city, on lands formerly owned by my wife, an orphan home for little children, the preference being given to those, if such there be, of soldiers who have given their lives for us and our country. As contemplated my plan will differ from the usual scheme of a large orphange. There will be constructed detached cottages to be given in charge of trustworthy guardians who are capable of replacing as nearly as possible, the absent parents. It is intended to arrange the endowment so as to eliminate the possibility of appealing for money to make up the usual annual deficiency so conspicuous in other institutions of the kind.”

It will be remembered that Mr. Andrus is a former Congressman and also a prominent church man, which would lead us to believe that he is one of the very few who practice what they preach in this age of gold worship and scramble for everything within grasp. And it affords us much pleasure to think that here at least, is one man of great wealth who can really measure up to the pressing need of the times, as a man who has performed a noble deed well planned.