---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '3471'
image: umpire_1918_019.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Harper's Magazine
- ' mine'
- ' war'
title: Springing a Mine in War
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SPRINGING A MINE IN WAR

The springing of a mine is one of the most deadly and insidious forms of attack in this present war. It is a fruitful cause of ‘‘nerves’’ to all those who are engaged in it.

Working down into the earth in total darkness, often right under the enemy position, never knowing at what moment discovery may come, and death from bombing or, worse still, from being buried alive, says Captain Arthur Hunt Chute in Harper’s Magazine. It is no wonder that those who are mining or countermining are subject to attacks of nerves.

I knew an officer who, while in the infantry, was noted for his sangfroid. He had been in the Yukon gold rush andlater through a troublous career in Mexico.

After he had been with a mining company for a month this devil-may-care adventurer was as shaky as an old woman. “It’s that working down in the dark and waiting for the foe that you can never see that gets achap,” he said.

Just before a mine goes up, if a premonition has been given, the feeling of suspense in the front line is like that on board a doomed ship. The order is given to abandon the trench, and in a panic every man rushes for safety in the rear. But not every man can leave. Sentries must still man the parapet; they remain at the post of duty till death. The chaps who did the Birkenhead drill, or the sentry who stood to his post in Pompeii, have nothing on the sentry on the front line who stands by his post of duty while the mine is being sprung under his feet.

On one occasion we were abandoning a trench where the explosion of a mine was iminent; it was pitch dark, and the night was perfectly quiet, when there came the dread premonition of a mine. The order was given for all except the sentries to retire, and in a panic of fear I rushed to the communicating trench.

There flashed before me the momentary picture of a sentry at his post of duty, standing on the rim of the fire trench with fixed bayonet, firm and imperturbable, gazing into the gloom of No Man’s Land. Under his feet were the rockings of an earthquake that soon should engulf him. But though the earth were removed his duty remained, and he as a soldier stood firm. A few minutes later, with a reverberating roar, he went up with the mine. The momentary and flashing glimpse of that gallant sentry remains for me my most heroic, soul enkindling memory of two years of war.