---
author: B-8266
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '3474'
image: umpire_1918_020.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' movies'
- ' Indian'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

The most important event in Honor Club circles during the past week was the Elec- tion held Friday noon, and we will say atonce for the benefit of those who did not wait up to hear the returns, that the Reform Party won a great and glorious victory. “Considering the scant time for preparation, and the necessity for secrecy—to prevent objectioable electioneering methods—it was a great success, and we believe that in every instance, the man best liked, and most respected by his fellows of the Block or Gallery, won; in some instances by an overwhelming majority.

The Honorable ‘‘Curley,’’ organizer of the scheme, who wore himself almost to a ‘‘frazzle”’ in the last few days of preparation, now wears a smile like that of a mother regarding her first-born, and the Honorable ‘‘Pete’’ has removed the warning finger from his lip, and has lost the air of mystery which so distinguished him during the period.

His Excellency, the President, was frankly pleased with the success of the experiment and in his ‘‘speech from the throne’’ at the first meeting of the new body on Saturday morning, reminded the Delegates that they were the free choice of the members, and that he expected them to work for the interest of their constituents; to work with their Overseers, and not against them; to help their fellow inmates, and not harm them and he announced emphatically that a ‘‘grafter" or a ‘‘knocker’’ would have short shrift. And we are going to interpolate here, that our seemingly easy-going President can be a regular Bluebeard when he chooses.

We can’t resist saying a word of warning to those apostles of preparedness who may start laying up a store of tobacco for ammunition for the next election. It will no use boys, only a waste of tobacco that would make Hoover weep, for the next election will be held after an entirely different manner.

The returns follows: Those marked with * were re-elected.

1 Block Left B 8271* 13 Votes 
2     "  Right "   7579 23 e Sarsis (To be appointed) A1 Left B 5708 19 Votes st Right ‘¢ BheT* 18 5 gD Left EH0DLE 15 G B Right ‘6263 6 o 6i 5 Left ‘¢ B8YT 9 & G Right ‘¢ 8700%* 14 £ T Left ‘4 808T* 32 o T Right e sl0 1 28 £ Rpaee Left ‘0 T567 6 G Bt Right ‘¢ 8884 3 ok Qi LS Left 7444 32 i SEad Right ¢ 8663 20 2 L ‘< 5401 * 20 o 1§ S ¢ 86T73* 48 i Pt €294 . 75 5

12 Block—1 Gallery, (To be appomted)

) —9 6 ¢

4 Gallery—Returns not in, owing to drifted roads.

5 Gallery Left B 8376 :2b Votes 5 = Rights 25816829 % 6 e Left BT Wl 3 4 6 o Right ¢¢ 8433 6 & it e Left SeSTATI =T s T & Right: ££:6238 5 =29 24

Some of our readers will be surprlsed at the small vote recorded for some of the successful candidates, but this is easily accounted for by the fact that the vote was greatly scattered, in some instances more than a score of men being voted for.

ENTERTAINMENT

The Entertainment of Saturday; the first in two weeks, was perhaps the more appreciated, and Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa, received an enthusiastic reception upon their appearance.

The first Act on the vaudeville program was Prince Eagle Eye, s full blooded member of our very first families who appeared in full regalia, feathers, blanket, etc., lacking only the tomahawk of tradition. Even as it was, as he bounded on the stage, voicing a “horrid war whoop,’’ we noticed some of our younger, and more timid members feeling nervously of their scalp-locks. His act included an exhibition of his mastery of a lariat; some very remarkuble dance-steps, which reminded us so vividly of life in the old tepee, that we could almost smell the camp-fires burning; and a weird something which he described as a song, but which we would have otherwise interpreted as a tribal call to a hot-dog dinner. He was very evidently the simon-pure article,and we extend him our thanks for his very interesting exhibition.

Mr. Marshall, announced by Mr. Kraupa, as “The Prince of Entertainers, and Entertainer of Princes,” and who lived up better to his ‘‘press-agents’’ statement than artists usually do; was the next on the program.

His “turn’’ was a melange of jokes, none of which were oid enough to be touched by the draft, some very clever impersonations; particularly that of an old miser, in the song “The Chink of the Miser’s Gold.” We consider Mr. Marshall a Royal entertainer, and hope for his return. Last, butnot the least, on the bill, came the Reese children, (violinists) appearing through the courtesy of the Gaiety Theater, Norristown, which once, and for all, clears up our doubts whether anything good can come from that Burg. They presented a duet number with violin; a similar number on the piano, and then with Master Rees at the piano, Miss Reese gave a violin solo.

They closed with a violin dance number suiting the action to the music. Theirs was a very pleasant act, and we regret that our entire absence of a musical ear prevents us from naming any of the numbers. It might have been Liszt, or Sarasate; Irving Berlin or Harry von Tilzer they played so far as we could tell, but whatever it was, it was good.

And we are all their debtors for fifteen minutes of pure harmony. We hope they will return at an early date, and give the First Section a chance.

The closing picture was the hitof the afternoon. It was called ‘‘A Self-made Hero,”’ and if the old adage is true about ‘‘laugh and grow fat’”’ the entire audience must have gained a total of at least fifty pounds during its showing. Speaking for ourselves, we didn’t eat a thing for supper after seeing it. Next Saturday, Jan. 26th, the First Section will be out as follows, 8B, 6B, 6G, 12-1G, 12-B, 12-2G, 10B, 11B,1B.

—B 8266, Secretary.