---
author: B-8266
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '3479'
image: umpire_1918_021.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' charity'
- ' goods'
- ' classifieds'
- ' entertainment'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The first regular meeting of the new Board of Delegates was held on Tuesday, the 22d, and a large amount of business transacted.

Perhaps first in importance was the admission of 38 new members to the Club, viz. B 8954, 6205, 8951, 8944, 8926, 8949, 8956, —15¢; 8959, 8960, 8955, —25¢; 8937, 10c; 5841, 8946, 8966, 8921, 8929—25c 8967, 8930, 8958, 8952, 7437, 7033, 8940, 8939, 8942 8945, 8947, 8950, 8936, 8968, 8962, 8933, 8943, 5143, 5340, 50c¢, 8931-10c, 8935, 8941-25c. A hearty welcome to all, and thanks.

The Treasurer’s Report showed a balance of $141.98 in the Club Treasury. The resignation of B 8016, 9th Block, accepted. B7664 and B8501, nominated and elected Representative Delegates, without opposition. A letter from Mr. Lafferty, of the Board of Inspectors (a copy of which is printed elsewhere) read, accepting an Honorary membership in the Club. The sum of $10 00 was voted to the family of the late Mr. Fairbrother, and a like sum to the families of all officer: of the Institution, dying in service, in the future. The repayment by B 7234 of a Loan of $2.00 was announced; as was a like sum, by B 5900. Bills paid were for Taxi hire, $1.00; John Wanamaker, Cord for stage Curtains, $1.50; Ballots, etc., for Election, $11,00; Central News Co. for Periodicals, $35.16; Loans made, B5592 $2.00; B5609, $2.00; B5160, $2.00; B8183, 75c. Paid to Overseers Death Benefit Fund, $10.00.

It was agreed that the circumstances of every inmate having a family should be quietly investigated, and help given if needed. These are parlous times on the ‘‘outside” for all those whose natural bread-winner is temporarily lost to them, in cold storage, as it were; and it is the purpose of the Club to see that wife, nor child, of any inmate shall not go cold, or hungry, or unclothed, while the Club has a dollar in its Treasury, or the means of raising one. There may be some of the inmate’s whose natural pride rebels at the idea of asking, or receiving charity. To them we will say that their secret will be well kept, none but the officers of the Club and themselves will learn of the assistance given, the names or numbers of those receiving aid will neither be published, nor mentioned. Be men, don’t let a false pride keep your wife, or children in distress, when help can be had for the asking A Committee of the Board of Governors will see every inmate having a family, and hope that every assistance will be given them in their task of seeing that no member of an inmate’s family suffers for the neccessities of life during this terrible winter. There are 1549 children credited to the inmates of this Institution and we want to see everyone of them well fed, well clothed, and happy.

It is with the same idea of helping the inmates, by providing them with a ready market for their work, that the Club has secured a down-town location for a sort of Honor Club Exchange for the disposal of the work of members. It is through the kindness of Mr. Kraupa, Mr. Dipple, and of course, the Officials, that we are able to take this great step in advance, and our best thanks are due them all. It is the hope of the Officers of the Club, that a ready sale will be found for all the various articles, useful and otherwise, made here; and should our selling venture prove successful, of which there is every prospect, the Club would be glad to start any member in the line of work he felt himself capable of doing, either purchasing his work outright, or selling it for him on a commission. Those members who have work on hand that they are unable to dispose of through the ordinary channels, should ask their Delegate tosubmit the same to the Purchasing Committee of the Board of Governors, who will judge the same upon its merits, as we don’t intend to run a junk-shop, and everything must pass ‘‘Curlys’’ eagle eye, who admits himself an expert in every line. If your work is good, you will be paid a fair price for it; one which will assure you a reasonable profit. The Club asks nothing but the satisfaction of having helped you, and will soak the Ultimate Consumer for the expenses of the work. Every effort will be made to quickly dispose of the goods, and it is our hope that steady, and remunerative work will be assured to all of our willing workers. N.B. Bead Flags are absolutely barred, we just can’t give them away. The following is a list of purchases to date: 

B 7388, 7th Block, 1 Humidor 			$6.00
  ''	''	''	   1 Inlaid Mirror	 	 6.00
  ''    ''  ''     1   ''   Jewel Box 	 6.00
B 6080, 12-2 Gallery, 1 Lords Prayer	 4.50
''6602, 6th Gallery, 1 Pincushion		 1.25
''8203  6th Block, 1      ''			 1.00
  ''	''   ''    1 Inlaid Jewel Box	 5.00
B 8699, ''   ''    1 Pincushion			  .75
''6452, 1st  ''    10 Watch Fobs		 5.00
''7978, 11th ''    12 Bead Necklaces	 4.50
''8811, 6th  ''   1 set of Toy Furniture 1.00
''5958, 10th ''	   4 Bead Watch Fobs     2.00
''8097, 10th ''    5  ''   ''    ''		 2.50
''8224, 6th Gallery, 1 Bead Watch Fobs	  .50
''5165, 5th Block, 5 Chains & 6 Fobs 	 4.75
''6697, 7th  ''    1 Hair Watch Chains	 1.25
   ''    ''  ''    1 Jewel Box			 4.00

B 6282,7th Block + dozen Companicns £ cosies o Inlaid Tea Trays

B 8156, 11th Block, 1 Inlaid Jewel Box 6.00 1635, 7th ¢“ 2 Wateh Charms .70 ¢ 7834, 9th ¢ 3 Hooks & 1 Shell 2525 ‘¢ 6567, 4th ¢“ 11 Rings & 1 Pin 4.05 ¢ 6343, 12-2 Gallery 7 Rings & 1 Tidy 1.55

‘¢ 6263, 5th Block, 4 dozen Birds 1.00 ¢ 8533, 11th “‘“ 1 set of Toy Furniture 1.25 FR270, 7th - ‘¢ 1 Shawl 3.00 “ 6697, ‘“ “ 1Jewel Box 4.00 ‘¢ 8248 10th ¢ 3 Rosaries 4.50 £4.8397 8th :¢‘ 1 Pincushion 3,00 ““ 6563, 5th Gallery, 2 Wool Winders 5.00

3.00 2.10

7th Block, 6 Monkeys & 1 Boat 1st ‘“ 6 Signet Rings

3847, 7241,

3133 86th ‘¢ 1 Coaster 2.50 ‘¢ 7664, 8th ¢“ 2 dozen Neckties 4.20 ‘¢ 7180, 6th ¢¢ 1 Inlaid Jewel Box 6.00 ‘“ 6449, 5th Gallery, 6 Signet Rings 2.10

(X3

3.00 6.00

8073, 11th Block, 1 Pillow Top

5735, 6th ‘¢ 2 Inlaid Tea Trays 7574, 11th 1 Pillow Top 3.00 7426, 12-1 Gallery, 6 Hand Bags 6.00

The First Section, all duly provided with tickets, appeared in force at the Hall on Saturday last, and as not a man of them asked to have his money back at the finish, we are forced to conclude that they liked the entertainment provided for them. The Professor, and his doughty Band started proceea- ings with a lively march number; and then the President made one of his infrequent, and forceful speeches, and told the boys a few things which he felt they ought to know: particularly a certain Block which shall be nameless. We feel sure that the Floor Decorator whose efforts on a preceding Saturday were so conspicuously successful will work only during Union hours in the future, and leave his ‘‘cud” at home. The opening Picture, was a five-reel Comedy, entitled "A Man of Might.” It had a (subdued) love interest, and a pletora of laughs, and thrills, and the audience found it very entertaining. The idea seemed to be that a diet of beans, joined to a little gentle exercise would enable the most timid of men to save his fiance, his fiance’s father, and his country in a crisis, by simply shrugging his shoulders, but alas, for us; the Picture gave us no hope of our ever doing it upon a soup diet. The Flynn Kids, courtesy of 3 $. Wolf, opened the vauleville program, and proved a delight to the ear, and eye. It would have taken the both of them together to have seen over the ordinary board fence, yet they had all the grace and charm of finished actors. Little Miss Fiynn's dancing, and Master Flynn’s singing of “Mr. Charlie Chaplin’’ costumred as that famous movie Comedian were the features of their “turn.” They made a most pleasing impression upon the audience, and we extend to them the sincere thanks of all who saw them, and the most cordial of invitation to return, and give those of our number who didn’t have that pleasure, a chance.

“Prince’’ Eagle-eye returned, and was even better than on his previous appearance particularly in the monolog portion of his act. We thank H. R. H. for his very successful effort for our entertainment, and assure him, that did we possess any portion of his native America, we would return it to him at once. We can clearly see the justice of his prior claim, for where as we came over on the Mayflower, or perhaps the next boat, his ancestors probably fell off the Ark. The Reese Kids also re-appeared, and to them, and to Miss Russell, we owe the most abject of apologies, for our grievous error of the past week, when we credited these interesting artists to the Gaiety Theater, when it should have heen the Garrick. It was a quite unintentional error, due to our relatively slight acquaintance with Norristown, the only time we saw that ‘‘burg" we were going sixty miles an hour, with a ‘‘cop” grasping at our coat-tails and entreating us in a hoarse voice to halt, and give him an interview, and we didn’t even see a theater, But what boots it all, anyway, the Reese Kids were good enough to face the boards of any theater, and we are their most obliged, with all of our fellows. Bates & Bagley, Comedians, courtesy of Ted Riley, Phila. Producing Co. closed the bill, and were very well received. They were in costume, as a bell-boy, and ‘‘coon’’ respectively, and their songs, jokes, and dancing were all good, and met with the heartiest applause. We would be glad to have them back.

Mr. Horstmann, and Mr. Lafferty, of the Board of Inspectors were present, and Mr, Lafferty consented, at the request of the President, to address the assemblage. He was given an enthusiastic reception, and his remarks were very much to the liking of his hearers. He assured us his entire sympathy with the Club, and its work, and promised us his cordial support in our efforts to make ourselves better men. We are glad of his encouragement, and thankful for his sympathy and we pledge him our utmost effort to make good. He said that all the Board of Inspectors expected of us, wasthat we should really try, and keep onr word to do better, for to paraphrase the words of a great Poet, “It is better to have tried, and failed; than never to have tried at all.” We hope that Mr. Lafferty will never have cause to regret the confidence he has placed in us, and we assure him, speaking for the Club, that we will, everyone of us, strive to continue deserving of his good opinion.

Our old friend Miss Angellotti returned to us on Saturday, and collaborated with Jimmy the local “Music Master" in accompanying the acts. We are glad to have her with us;and her return is only another proof of the old proverb, that “It’s an ill wind, nobody good.” 

Next Saturday, Feb. 2, the 2d section, will be out as follows, 7G, 5G, 5B, 3B, 4G, 4B, 

—B 8266 Secretary.