---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '3484'
image: umpire_1918_022.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- labor
- ' war effort'
- ' Evening Telegraph'
title: Mobilization of Labor
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MOBILIZATION OF LABOR

From late news reports we learn that the Government has adopted an extensive scheme of labor mobilization to be put into operation in the near future. The Evening Telegraph comments that it is the logical step before trying conscription, the necessity of which it may avert. The Federal Employment Service is being reorganized and expanded on an ambitious scale and the result should be highly beneficial to the workers, the employers, the Government and the nation at large.

A national labor exchange system adequate to the needs of peace times has been non-existent in this country, and the new machinery now being set up should be of permannent value. Such machinery, with modifications dictated by experience and by the change from war conditions to peace conditions, will help immeasurably in the future to stabilize the labor market, without, however, tending to depreciate wages.

Mobilization of labor is a problem of peace as well as of war. It means making labor mobile in the sense of equalizing supply and demand. This stabilizes labor, reduces the evil of seasonal employment and unemployment, diminishes the labor overturn which is so costly to workers and employers alike, and increases the general industrial productiveness of the country. Federal mobilization of labor should not end with the war.