---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3509'
image: umpire_1918_026.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Keep On Forging Ahead
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

KEEP ON FORGING AHEAD

It is generally understood that there is hardly anything worth while that can be accomplished unless we make a continuous effort to accomplish the object of one’s aim. One may recall to mind that as a child it was only after repeated efforts that success followed an endeavor to master some more or less intricate subject at school, and the pleasing: sense of victory as success loomed up on actual accomplishment.

Those who are really successful in life do not give up when their tasks become difﬁcult quite the opposite. They forge ahead believing that in applying interest in the accomplishment of a worthy object in the behalf of humanity the accomplishment justifies the sacrifice of personal comfort.

We do not mean to convey the idea that one should neglect their own welfare in an effort to help others, but that a fusion of interests can be worked out that would be of mutual benefit and as a well known writer worshipers—to spend their lives praising the all the while the development of their own careers as useful and worth-while citizens, expecting much of others, but excusing every fault in themselves—the world would be full of failures.

To be sure it is an easy thing to claim virtues in ourselves that are only shams; to encourage in our minds such thoughts as—if I were in the other fellow’s place, how keen at this or that. But when a real opportunity.comes running along offering us a chance to prove our power of appliction, we very often fail.

“In developing in ourselves the power of perseverance we must put aside those make-believe virtues and set out with a determination to succeed in the face of great difficulties, rather. than to be content always with the doing of those things which are easiest.

“The mere thinking that we will do a particular thing, or that we would do it under some other circumstances, does not mean at all that it is done. To think only, and not to do, will tend to weaken our character and power of perseverance. This not only applies to the larger obligations, but also to the important smaller duties which present themselves to be done every day.’’