---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3510'
image: umpire_1918_026.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Boston Transcript
- ' newspapers'
- ' editorial'
title: Fame Found in Trifles
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

FAME FOUND IN TRIFLES

It is awful not to be understood. Nobody knows that so well as the people who regularly write for the papers. Their best things generally are never appreciated, nor even mentioned, by the great public, while frequently the trifles that they toss off merely to fill up space are taken up and make a great hit, says the Boston Transcript.

Everybody knows the history of the way in which William Allen White won his national reputation. He had been whackmg away with his editorials in the Emporla Gazette for years, sweatlng blood and wasting the midnight kerosene in an attempt to wake up the community and win fame and fortune. He had put the best he had in him to articles whlch came out, and were spread before the commumty in double shaded type-—and which never, made a peep, as far as general appreciation was concerned. 

Finally he became all tired out, and resolved to shake the dust of Emporia from his feet for a month and go off to rest in order to achieve that blessed relief, he had to write four editorials and a lot of other stuff ahead to keep the page going while he was away. Of this, he made the very lightest and most perfunctory task he could. He rewrote four of his old articles and tossed off idly two or three others. Anything, he felt, would do. Just think; he scrawled it all down and hung the stuff up on a hook for the foreman to pull off as it was needed. At the bottom of the pile he put what he regarded as a particularly punk thing, an article which he headed "What's the Matter With Kansas?"—put it last, because he really intended to get back before the printers came to that, and to write something better in its place. 

But he found the vacation more alluring than he thought. He outstayed his time— and "What's the Matter with Kansas?" was printed. It was copied from one end of the country to another; it was read in Congress; it became the centre of controversy, even of political action, and it made White famous.