---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3512'
image: umpire_1918_026.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' Serbia'
title: Serbian Faith
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SERBIAN FAITH

There is infinite pathos in the words and acts of the members of the Serbian War Mission at the grave of Washington. Laying his wreath on the tomb of the soldier and patroit who prayed, in hunger and cold but not in despair, in the woods at Valley Forge, Dr. Vesnitch, the head of that mission, said: "With God's help we will triumph as he triumphed." If there are any people in the world who might be justified in applying to themselves the words that were spoken of Job of old, "Dost thou still retain thine integrity? Curse God and die," it is the Serbian people. They seem to be abandoned by God and men. They seem to be abandoned by God and men. But we see them, in the person of their official representatives, rejecting this counsel of desperation and expressing, though they have scarcely one foot of ground of their own in all the world to stand upon, a faith that justice and right will yet be done to them. 

"We have been crucified," says this leader of the gallant Serbs, "but we shall rise again." The spirit of these people is an example to the world, and especially to Americans, whose own homes and whose shrines are beyond harm's reach, but whose duty to strike for the great cause of right in which the Serbs have sacrified themselves in all the more imperative by reason of our very immunity.