---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3515'
image: umpire_1918_027.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- marbles
- ' information literature'
title: How Marbles Are Made
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOW MARBLES ARE MADE

Most "marbles" are made of clay. "Glass alleys," of course, are made of glass; while agate, to some extent, enters into the manufacture of special and finer "marbles."

First rolls of clay are deposited evenly in a trough, says Capper's Weekly, and a workman cuts them into cubes, according to the order. The cutting is done with a saw. Seven rolls of clay will, generally speaking, form over 200 little cubes: and it is from these cubes that the "marbles" are rolled.

When the cubes have been cut they are placed in a an ordinary tin pan and turned over to the workers, generally girls. A handful of cubes is picked up and these are placed one at a time, in a groved plaster-of-paris mould. The size of the groove depends upon the size of the "marble" to be made. When there is one clay cube in each groove a plaster oblong block is adjusted in position on top of the cubes and pushed forward and backward until the clay cubes become round and are rolled true. This operation takes but little time. The top block is lifted and the clay "marble," in its "green" state, is placed in a tray.

A worker who has acquired skill in her work can, it is said, make from 25,000 to 30,000 a day. "Marbles" are counted by weight also by the cubic foot. The small clay "marble," measuring nine-sixteenths of an inch in diameter, weighs 6 1/2 pounds to the thousand, and is colored at the rate of 200,000 every 8 minutes.