---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3519'
image: umpire_1918_027.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Eskimos
title: Eskimos As Seal Hunters
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ESKIMOS AS SEAL HUNTERS

The Esklmo method of hunting seals is a primitive calling improved to a fine art, writes a naturalist. When a seal is discovered the direction of the wind is at once noted. Then the hunter, keeping himself to the leeward of the seal, walks up to within about a quarter of a mile of it. Beyond this he begins to crouch and advances only when the seal’s head is down.

Now, as the seal is one of the most wide-awake of animals and has the habit of throwing up its head quickly every few seconds to guard against danger, it follows that the Eskimo has to be extremely alert if he would get his seal. When the seal’s head is down upon the ice its eyes are shut, and it is said that in these brief intervals it takes its sleep

The hunter, by carefully watching the seal’s movements, is able without much difficulty to get within about 20 yards of it, but at closer quarters he is obliged to employ other tactics. He lies down at full length on the ice. Then the real sport begins.

When the seal’s head is down the hunter, who keeps a keen eye on his prey, is able to approach still nearer by dragging himself forward on his elbows. This maneuvering continues for some time, until the distance between man and beast has been reduced to a few yards.

When near enough to make a sure shot, the Eskimo takes his bow and arrow from his side and sends a swift shaft through the head of its outwitted companion.