---
author: B-8266
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3522'
image: umpire_1918_028.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' music'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates, January 29, the following were admitted to membership in the Club: B 8975, 8971, 6282, 8953, 8979, 8963, 8961, 8964, 8968 8974, 8976, 8977, 8973, 8980, 8978, 10c; 8950 50c; 7959 $2.00. We admire the courage of the latter gentleman, as we feel sure The Income Tax Collector will be looking him up.

During the week, Loans of $5.00 each were made to B 7545 and B 5783. The Treasurer’s Report showed a Balance of $106.87 in the Treasury. This makes ours a Sinking Fund, in more senses than one, and we fear an assessment will have to be made in the near future; unless some new source of revenue can be found. Any member who wishes to become a statistican, a la Mr. Cattell; may become so with the least percentage of trouble by ordering a World Almanac from the Club, at 30c each; the Almanacs we mean, are worth 30c a piece, and not the members.

ENTERTAINMENT

Saturday’s show though a bit delayed in the starting, was one of the best of the season, and both Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa, deserve Carnegie Medals, for appearing at all, as do all our other friends who braved the dangers and rigors of the street to be with us on Saturday. It is reported that it is easier to cross the Rhine than some of the streets in this city; and that the most of them resemble those of a French village after the Huns have ‘‘peacefully penetrated’’ it.

The picture of the afternoon, was one that suited the audience to a T (-bone steak, we were almost guilty of saying) being a Wm. S. Hart feature; entitled The Square Deal Man; and not even ‘‘Teddy’’ himself could have led a more ‘‘strenuous life.” It was Border Life as the ‘‘movies’’ make it, and the average number of corpses to the Reel was six. The Mexican villian looked as villianous as any politician we ever saw, and the heroine would have added the last straw to St. Anthony’s burden. A very good Picture, indeed, Mr. Kraupa.

Miss Russell and Miss Angellotti, having arrived safely, the vaudeville portion of the afternoon’s program was staged; first act being Bates & Begley; the ‘‘Smoke,” and the “Bell hop” in a return engagement. Their singing ‘‘My Mind’s Made Up to Marry Caroline” seemed to be most appreciated by the audience, who doubtless admired their courage from having had experience with ‘‘Carolines’’ of their own. Any way it was a good act, and we are properly grateful to Messrs. Bates and Begley for their work.

It was at the close of this “turn’’ that our “watchful waiting’’ was rewarded, ard Mr. T,afferty appeared in the ‘‘offing’’ with the speaker of the afternoon, Mr. E. J. Cattell, City Statistician, who had kindly consented to address us. Mr. Cattell is a famous after-dinner speaker, and fully lived up to his reputation; about the dinner our lips are sealed but the speech was at least all right.

Mr. Cattell, was briefly introduced by Mr. Lafferty, who stated that he was glad to be with us again. Mr. Cattell spoke in a happy vein for some fifteen minutes, combining information, wit, and good counsel in the most charming manner imaginable. We are only sorry that every inmate did not get the chance to hear him, and we beg to tender him the most sincere thanks of all who heard him.

We are the more indebted to Mr. Lafferty, who was the ‘‘Deus ex machina’’ in the former instance, by his having secured for us the official War Pictures, which are to be shown here next Saturday, when we will be able to experience the thrills of war without having to dig a ‘‘darn’’ trench, which we believe is the reason why the most of usare a bit backward about enlisting. Speaking for ourselves we would much rather get a bullet, than a blister.

Mr. Stanley Henry, Singing Composer, appearing by courtesy of the McKinley Music Company, gave the second act on the program, singing several of his own songs, notably “The Fighting Navy of the Good Old U. S. A.” and ‘‘Giddy, Gie-up, We are On Our To War,” a “Rube Ballad.” The audience approved very highly of Mr. Henry’s efforts, and wish him all success.

Mr. Lou Ross, the ‘‘Irish Rabbi,”’ appearing through the courtesy of R. H. Cross, made a hit with his parodies on popular songs, his jokes, and ‘‘patter’’. His versiOn of “My Dream of the U. S. A”. and “They Go Wild, Simply Wild Over Me’’ was very funny, indeed, and we are very much in Mr. Ross’s debt by reason of him having given us some fifteen minutes of pure fun; and we extend to him, in the name of all those that did not get a chance to see him, the most hearty of invitations to return.

The Four Merry Youngsters; courtesy of Mr. Normand Jeffries, of the Keith Syndicate, closed the “‘Bill,”’ and were jest as good as their name implies. Their singing, both solo and quartetnumbers was excellent. The Solo, ‘‘Say a Prayer for the Boys Out There’’ appealed particularly to us, as suggesting to us a way to win the war. The dancing of the two younger members of the quartet would have been no discredit to “Castle House,’’ and we feel perfectly safe in predicting a brilliant future for these youthful performers. In the meantime let us hope that they will be able to come back, and entertain those who were so unfortunate to have missed seeing them Saturday.

Next Saturday, Feb. 9th, the First Section will be out as follows: 6B, 6G, 12B, 12G-1, 12G-2, 10B, 11B, 1B, 9B, 8B.

—B 8266, Secretary.