---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3530'
image: umpire_1918_029.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' technology'
- ' science'
title: Thinkers Will Rule After the War
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THINKERS WILL RULE AFTER THE WAR

In one of the reception rooms of a well known New York city club, a group of efficiency experts and scientific men were discussing the war as being the necessity that will bring about some startling developments, says a correspondent of that city recently.

If the sprinkling of progressive lights were not stamped by genius, it is probable that an ordinary bystander would have tapped his forehead knowingly.

One of them was telling about a scientist who is already telephoning to airplanes without wires. And another quoted a famous in- ventor who said that it would only be a short while until all telephone wires would be abol- ished as unessential.

“The fact is’’ he said ‘‘that telephone wires do not in reality carry our messages. Every scientist knows that. Back of all is the great process of thought which we are only beginning feebly to understand.

“The more we delve into this process of thought—whatever it is—the more we come to the conclusion that the material phenomena is the projection of thought. We know that every material thing comes from a thought or an idea.

“We are arriving at the conclusion that even space is thought, for we are annihilating space every day through a thinking process. It will not be many generations before every ship at sea is controlled by thought from shore. Our trains are going to be run without fuel, and we are going to grow gasoline just like we raise corn.’’