---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3535'
image: umpire_1918_030.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' editorial'
title: The Morale Sappers
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE MORALE SAPPERS

An agreeable by-product of the Wilson and Lloyd George declarations is a diminution, almost a cessation, of one variety of morale sapping. A gain for unity of Allied sentiment has been made. There is a clearer perception, if Germany does not alter on her own intiative, that the war must go on to a decisive result.

The record of the morale sappers is psychologically interesting. The first phase was that it did not matter who started tbhe war. Germany’s responsibility was sometimes admitted, but brushed aside. Then came propaganda to familiarize the public with the idea that the moral cause of the Allies was in some way defective—that under the pretense of solicitude for democratic civilization the Allies secretly cherished imperialistic purposes. Next it was said democracy required a negotiated, or deadlock, peace: that the objactive should be to establish a balance of power, with a Teutonic coalition counter-posing the Entente. As the Germans were not to be extinguished, they must not have their feelings hurt or be given excuse for future rancor. When the President said there should be “peace without victory,” his words, were ecstatically misinterpreted. Finally, despite the great frankness of the Allies in defining their war objectives, it became a regular industry to demand a restatement. Now that the President and the prime minister have deemed it worth while for practical reasons once more to define the defined, the dissatisfied discover that now the proposals of the Allies are good. Yet comparing recent statements and the statement of more than a vear ago no difference in spirit material diffierence in is discernible or any detail. Yet a programme held unthinkable in December, 1916, is perfection in 1918.

But if a man or publication arrives at the truth the path followed is of little concern, asserts a writer in the N. Y. Globe. The statements of Lloyd George and the President are highly gratifying to those who want a real peace and do not propose to relax their efforts until they get it. If also gratifying to those who hitherto have been displeased it is well to forget disagreements now irrelevant.