---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3536'
image: umpire_1918_030.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- ships
- ' salvage'
title: To Salvage Sunken Steamships
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

TO SALVAGE SUNKEN STEAMSHIPS

An industrial correspondent writes us that just as soon as it is known officially that German submarines have been rendered inoperative, then may we look for determined effort to salvage the treasure from some of the sunken steamships now lying at the bottom of the sea. Hundreds of these steamships and salllng craft, fishing smacks, trawlers and patrol-boats are resting now in comparatively shallow water. Some of them, the wrecking companies declare, can be raised simply by divers fastening chains to them.

It is claimed by salvage experts that by modern-known methods vessels can be raised that have gone down in over 300 feet of. water. The first try-out of the new methods which will be employed in this gigantic hunt for the Wealth that now lies in Davy Jones’ locker will be made at Lake Superior this coming spring, where a valuable ore-laden steamer went down 50 years ago. If it is successful, elaborate plans will immedistely be put into operation for mobilizing the necessary machinery to conduct the greater work in the war zones.

If success follows the salvage work it will eventually see its culmination in a grand effort to raise from its resting place the Cunard liner Lusitania, which lies in 300 feet \of water off the old head of Kinsale, Ireland. The scheme would be to lift the giant liner no more than a few feet clear of the bottom and then drag her in toward the Irish coast to a point where divers could work effectively.