---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3545'
image: umpire_1918_031.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Kansas City Journal
- ' Alaska'
title: Alaska The Haven of Wild Foul
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ALASKA THE HAVEN OF WILD FOUL

Until the acquisition of Alaska by the United States it was a wonder where certain wild fowl went when they migrated from temperate climes on the approach of summer as well as snowbirds and other small species of the feathered tribe. It was afterward found, observes a writer in the Kansas City Journal, that their habitat in summer was the waters of Alaska—the Yukon river and the lakes of that hyperborean region.

People wonder where the wild fowl come from. They see the sandhill crane, the wild goose heron and other fowl every spring and fall pursue their unwearied way, but like the wind, they do not know whence they come or whither they go.

Up on Golovine bay, on the north side of Norton sound, is the breeding place of these fowls. All the birds in creation, seemingly go to that country to breed. Geese, ducks, swans and thousands upon thousands of sand- hill cranes are swarming there all the time. They lay their eggs in the bluestem grass in the lowlands.

Myriads of robins and swallows are there as well as millions of magnificent grouse, wearing red combs and feathered moccasins. This grouse turns as white as snow in winter.

You can kill dozens of teal ducks or grouse as fat as butter balls in a few moments. The wild fowls and bears live on salmon berries and huckleberries, with which the hills are literally covered.