---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3546'
image: umpire_1918_031.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Yale Review
- ' Siberia'
- ' night'
title: Siberian Night Shadows
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SIBERIAN NIGHT SHADOWS

The particular journey herein recorded fell on a white night in June—one of those eerie. white nights against which the Russian or Siberian traveler carries a canny blne curtain, Olive Gilbreath writes in the Yale Review. 

Without these blueguards sleep is out of the question and the senses, pursued by the penetrating light, are as ragged as the beggars staring out of thestations. Verst after verst hour after hour, the plain unwinds endlessly, monotonously, like wool from a skein. A pale incandescence hangs over the earth, fringing objects ghostily. Trees blur in the half-light and grow phenomenally large izbas and windmills scrape the sky. A tremor of primitive terror runs through one’s limbs. One calls to the hills for deliverance—but there is not even a rise in the ground! With midnight springs up a delusive promise of respite from the light; a shadow creeps reassuringly over the earth, but it is the dusk and not the darkness. There is no reprieve. At 11 the sun dips below the horizon; at 2:30 it balances again like a replenished bag, spilling its orange and amethyst flood over the earth. The restless cycle has begun again and still the plain unwinds endlessly, monot- onously-—brightly now. At seven one reaches Nizninovgorod. If it is June the sun has been up five hours.