---
author: B-8266
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3548'
image: umpire_1918_032.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates on February 5th, the following applications for membership were received and accepted: B 8986, 8990, 8989, 7716, 8984, 8987, 8983, 8981, 8985, 8997, 8998, 8999, 8943, 8988, 9001, 9002, 8996, 8994-25c; 8982, 8993-10c; 9000, 15c.

A motion was made, and passed, that a letter of thanks be written to the Board of Parole for the clemency they have lately shown, in giving so ‘many of our members the chance of service they have sought. We hope their kindness will not be unappreciated. Mr. Cattell, the speaker of the previous Saturday, was unanimously elected to Honorary Membership in the Club; and a letter of thanks ordered written to Mr. Lafferty for his services in securing him to speak to us. It was unanimously resolved that a fund be raised, under the auspices of the Club, to help in the obtaining of a pardon for A-8432, our excellent Vice-President, whose long continued service to the State certainly deserves some such reward, and anyway, we feel that he ought to be released, and give someone else the honor of being the Oldest Inhabitant. During the week the following bills were paid: John Wanamaker, $4.80 for muslin and typewriter ribbons, and the following articles purchased from Inmates, B 6608, 2 pr. slippers $1.00; B 7102, 3 pr. slippers, $1.50; B 8575, 1 Toy Wagon, 75c; B 6964, 23 Watch Fobs, $11.50; B 8361, 1 Inlaid Box, $5.00; B 3079, 24 picture Frames, $6.30; B 6263, 12, Toy Birds, $3.00; B 7664, 9 neckties, $2.25; B 8040 1 Set of Toy Furniture $1.50; B 3079, Work on Carving, 30c; B 8361 11 School Companions $4.50.

ENTERTAINMENT

Both Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa did their best on Saturday to make the First Section forget the vagaries of old "Jupe' Pluve' " in presenting us with perhaps the worst weather of the season; by giving us so good a show, that not a member of the audience, but would have foresworn "Tea" and stayed on all night, "Looking, and listening," had the local "Gods" permitted.

The Professor, and his resourceful Rand saw that no one regretted the slight period of waiting, by serving us with their very latest brand of Music; until the time when Mr. Kraupa appeared, to a round of applause, which applause became a veritable storm when the title of the picture flashed on the screen, and the audience found that the ever delightful "Doug" Fairbanks was due to make them forget their troubles for the space of an hour or so. His picture, the "Matrimaniac" was the merriest of Comedies, with "Doug" performing "Stunts" enough to sate the most jaded of thrill seekers. Mr. Kraupa certainly knows the taste of his audience; and he made a great hit Saturday with both of his Pictures. The last was an uproariously funny farce, in which the Hero wears a wrist watch, and a handkerchief up his sleeve, and is yet a hero in spite of it. We have already noticed some of our younger element with a handkerchief up their sleeve, but the wrist watch is yet lacking.

Mr. Bob Vincent, Premier Banjoist, opened the Vaudeville Performance with a musical act which set the feet of the audience dancing. Mr. Vincent played both popular and classical tunes; a difficult—for the Banjo— selection from the Bohemian Girl was perhaps his best number: but the colored portion of his audience, at least, appreciated most his "Down South" jinglings. Mr. Vincent's is a style of music that has a particular appeal for the most of us and we are his debtors for a very pleasant quarter of an hour.

Mr. Lawerance Crane announced as the Irish Wizard, and a wizard he was, in very truth; and we wish with all our hearts that we could produce eggs from anywhere and everywhere with an equal facility. We tried hard to discover the secret but it eluded us; so we are going to ask Mr. Crane to please return and give us another chance, when we intend to watch more closely and hope to be more successful. Mr. Crane called a trio of daring spirits to the stage to assist him inhis experiments; namely, "D.C." ‘Chicken, "and "Williamsport, " and caused things to happen to these gentlemen which certainly must have led them to think themselves bewitched; we are sure that the whole of them were at least three shades paler upon leaving the stage than they were when they ascended it. Mr.Crane also presented Miss Angellotti with an egg without her having the least knowledge of the fact until after its consummation. Mr. Crane's act was one of the best we have seen in many a moon and we sincerely hope that he will be able to return to us at an early date.

 —B 8266, Secretary.