---
author: B-8266
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3559'
image: umpire_1918_033.jpg
issue: '8'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' war pictures'
- ' charity'
- ' patriotism'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the February 13, meeting of the Board of Delegates the following made application for membership in the Club, and were ac- cepted; B 8995, 9006, 9004, 8513, 9032, 9033, 9022, 9011, 9015, 9003, 9016, 9030, 9031, 9029 9018, 9007, 8908, 9005, 9034, 8991, 9012, 8902 9020, 9035, 9010—25¢; 9019—50c; 9013—o5c. 9025—10c: 9014—15¢; 9021—25¢. This is fine and large accession to the Club, and we extend the glad hand of fellowship to them all and express the hope that their stay with us whether long or short, will prove to their ultimate advantage, and that they early learn the best lesson man can learn, that by helping others, one best helps ones-self. The Treasurer reported, with fear, and trembling, a report showing a deficit of $6.90 in the Club’s Finances. The members will recall seeing on Saturday among the colored slides exhibited at the show, one showing the Cathedral at Arras after the bombardment: that is exactly the state the Club Treasury is in at present. The Club must needs go forth and pawn some of its numerous Banners, or hypothecate its Bonds, unless some of its ‘‘munition’’ workers loosen up, or its business venture succeeds.

Speaking of the above, it became an actual fact on Friday last, after being for some three weeks an irridescent dream. On that day the articles purchased were at last shipped out to Mr. Dipple, who has so kindly consented to act as Chief Engineer of the movement; and we hope to hear encouraging reports in a few days. Mr. Joyce, of the Public Ledger, perhaps our greatest humanitarian sheet, has volunteered his services as Publicity Agent, and we hope to see it launched with all ceremony. We feel that a vote of thanks is due Mr. Dipple, in particular, from each and every member of the Club, for his so generous action; for his work will not be light, and he has asked no reward whatsoever. Truly he is the salt of the earth.

We are pleased to announce that the fund raised under the Clubs auspices to help A8432, the Clubs Vice-President, to a Pardon, and Liberty, was most generously subscribed to, a total of $190.17 being given. We are sure that it is the wish of all that it will be instrumental in helping him to the freedom he has so long, and vainly sought.

Through the kindness of the Warden, and Inspectors, and the co-operation of all the Officials, practically the entire Inmate Body, 1360 men, by actual count, had the pleasure of seeing, on Saturday afternoon, the Official War pictures of the French War Commission to the U. S. These were secured for us through the efforts of Mr. Lafferty, of the Board of Inspectors, and every Inmate is his debtor for the rare treat of seeing France at War. We believe every man of the 1360 would have enlisted had the chance been given, after witnessing what our sister country, France, has done, and is doing, in the cause of Human freedom.

The Second Section called out at 12 M., filled the Hall in record time, and everything was in readiness when Mr. Lafferty, and the Warden appeared, escorting Mr. Helmus, of Washington, D. C. in charge of the Pictures.

After the Professor, and his Gallant Band had dashed off a patriotic number, followed, by the Wardens request, with the National Anthem, with everyone standing at attention, Mr. Lafferty introduced Mr. Helmus, whe spoke briefly of what he expected to show us, and then, a moment of darkness, and we were in France.

We saw Saturday how great was France’s task, how tremendous her burden, and we understood how much more we must do, or else see all the world bow the knee to a ruthless conqueror. We saw the entire resources of a Nation devoted to but one end, the waging of war, the efforts of a whole people, young and old, rich and poor, bent to the same purpose; an army which is a nation in arms; the same ‘‘poilus’’ looked out at us from the screen, who stood in the blood, and mud of Verdun during that terrible Spring and cried, “They shall not pass,” words which shall live forever in the worlds history, and not a man of us but would have been proud, and glad to have been fighting by their side, even through we knew Death waited us on the morrow, for what better death could a man die than this?

During an intermission in the second showing of the Pictures, Mr. Helmus read us a letter from a prominent Frenchman to a friend in this country, in which the spirit and sufferings of France, were most vividly portrayed. The prayer of the writer to America, was speed, lest the help we can give should come too late, and France be beaten to her knees, with her out of it England might be soon starved into submission, and we be left alone to reap the whirlwind.

Our own ‘‘Sammies’’ were shown us, ready to do their ‘‘bit’’ in the trenches, and we cheered them and fervently wished we were with them, even at the cost of digging a trench. We saw soup being served to the Hun prisoners, and the most of us instantly resolved, that should we be fortunate enough to go, we would die rather than be taken a prisoner. We saw guns which sitting in a back-yard at Point Breeze could kill 2 man in Manayunk, and all without the slightest trace of ill-feeling; we saw planes of all sorts, fighting, bombing, observation, and hydro—, and saw an actual aerial combat, with the Hun machine sent tumbling to earth; we saw in the chilly dawn, the ‘‘poilus’’ waiting the word to go ‘‘over the top,” and we saw them charge across ‘‘No Mans Land’’ in the dust and smoke of actual combat. But we saw only one thing that sent a quiver of fear through us, and that was a French General kissing a private upon whom he was conferring a decoration, upon both cheeks, we believe this to be the worst danger the American soldier has to face.

During the pause in the second presentation of the pictures, Mr. Helmus was summoned to the stage, and Mr. Lafferty, in the name of the Honor and Friendship Club, presented him with a beautiful Inlaid Box, drawn from the ample stores of the Clubs Q. M. G. Mr. Helmus expressed himself as being very greatly pleased with the gift, and in tender- ing his thanks informed us that we were be- ing greatly favored, in that only a few of the more prominent Clubs in Phila, had as yet been given the opportunity of viewing the Pictures. We are very much the debtors of Mr. Helmus, Mr." Lafferty, and all concerned for their efforts in having us shown how War,—not the Long Island, or Southern California brand—is really conducted.—B 8266.