---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3563'
image: umpire_1918_034.jpg
issue: '8'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- peace
- ' history'
title: Peace Congress of the Past
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PEACE CONGRESS OF THE PAST

It is declared by a well known writer that another peace congress comparable to the one that will follow this war, in the number of nations and great and conflicting interests involved, was that which met in Vienna following the defeat of Napoleon and his banishment to Elba. It is interesting, in the light of what must come, to recall some of the features of that memorable gathering at the court of Francis, in the Austrian capital.

Present at the deliberations were the Austrian Emperor, the Czar of Russia, the Kings of Prussia, Bavaria, Wurttemberg and Denmark, and nearly all the statesmen of prominence in Europe. The Duke of Wellington, Viscount Castlereagh, Lord Stewart, Count Clancarty and General Cathcart represented Great Britain. Prince Tallyrand de Perigord, the Duke of Dalberg and Count Alexis de Nogailles spoke for France. The Russian Czar and Prussian Kings were accompanied by their ablest advisers. Sweden, Norway, Portugal and all the minor German and Italian States were represented. Only the United States and Turkey, among the nations of importance, were lacking at the meeting.

For weeks the delegates did little but indulge in a succession of festivities. The Austrian people were ruined, yet the Austrian Emperor spent vast sums in the entertainment of his guests. Ludwig von Beethoven presented several new compositions during this period, and assisted in the great Mass which solemnized the anniversary of the execution of Louis XVI. Prince Matternich presided at the councils, but Tallyrand was the leading spirit of the congress called to remodel the map of Europe.

“It resembled a market of mankind,” says Drury. ‘‘The commission charged with dividing up the human herd among the kings was greatly troubled by the exigencies of Prussia, which demanded 3,400,000 additional subjects as an indemnity. The congress even discussed the quality of the human merchandise and gravely recognized the fact that a farmer Frenchman of Aix-la-Chapelle or Cologne was more than a Pole.” All the nations gained considerable acquisitions of territory, save England, which asked nothing on the continent, but gained the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon and other colonies.