---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3567'
image: umpire_1918_034.jpg
issue: '8'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- rumor
- ' war'
title: An Appetite For Horrors
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

AN APPETITE FOR HORRORS

A Boston writer avers thatanother development of war pyschology is the vitality of strange stories and rumors. All at once the public seems to have been thrown back upon the times before there were newspapers, and when the news simply ran from mouth to mouth in the tales that were told. Now people read the newspapers from end to end, and then go and listen to a lot of rumors and stories that are not in any papers. One would say that the things which are actually printed were sufficiently terrible, butitseems that they are not bad enough for the people, whose appetite for horrors and calamities for cruelties and crimes, grows by what it feeds on. Tumulty hung as a spy—that absurd invention seems to have been laid at rest by the comfortable presence of Mr. Tumulty himself on all sorts of public occasions and by the evidence of his continued faithful performance of his duties. But other tales, quite as extraordinary—tales which it would be base to put into print—still run their course.

The same condition prevailed in the Civil War, when thousands believed that the President’s wife regularly communicated military information to the Confederates, and when some believed that she had actually been executed as a traitor.

It seems that we cannot turn real violence and bloodshed loose in the world without generating in the people’s minds a great deal that has no existence anywhere else.