---
author: B-8266
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3588'
image: umpire_1918_037.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' charity'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the February 19th meeting of the Board of Delegates the following were admitted to membership: B 9048, 9039, 9038, 9044, 9042, 8969, 7069, 9027, 9023, 9041, 9043, 9045, 9037, 9040, 9046—10c; 5884—25¢c; 9036, 9047—25c. The Treasurer was able to make a more healthy looking Report, a Balance of $55.44 being found to be on hand; but what the Finance Committee did to that Balance shortly after its discovery would have made a German shed real tears of sympathy; it was "sunk without a trace.” A Resolution of sympathy with the family of the late Overseer, James McBride, was unanimously passed. A Resolution thanking Mrs. E. N. Bartlett, President of the local Society of the King’s Daughters, for the gift of Post-Cards to the Inmates on recent Holidays was presented, and passed. The Rev. J. F. Weinmann, City Missionary of the P. E. Church was present, by invitation, and made a short address, bringing us a fighting message of hope, and good cheer. He was given a rising vote of thanks, and a cordial invi- tation to call again. Receipts of the week, were—$18.85 from sales of articles purchased by Club; $80.30 from sale of waste rags;$8.00 from Circulating Library; $7.20 sale of World Almanacs; Donations $.85. Disbursements:— B 3079, work, $2.50; Widow of late Overseer McBride, $10.00; B 7204, car-fare to Harrisburg, $3.00; B 8219, Ladie’s Hand Bags, $28.00; B 7725, Ladies & Mens Slippers, $1.25; B 8488, Mens Slippers, $2.00; To Mr. W. S. Rodenbough, for engraving Loving Cups, $17.50; Subscriptions to Magazines, $35.88.

A special meeting of the Board of Delegates was held on Thursday February 21, for the purpose of electing a Treasurer in succession to B 8802, resigned by reason of the Rule passed at the Tuesday meeting of the Board, that no officer of the Club should hold any other position than such office, but should devote his entire time to his Club duties. B 8073 was elected to that office without opposition and made a graceful little speech of acceptance, and thanks, regretting his inability to do the usual honors and assuring us of his intention to be faithful to his trust —which we weren’t worrying about, as we know the Canadian Border is closed, and they’re using war-bread there anyway. A resolution was passed thanking the retiring Treasurer for his efficient services and regretting his decision to leave us. We are glad to be able to announce that the Clubs little business venture is making most favorable progress, and promises to be a real success. Through the kindness of Mr. Joyce, Asst. City Editor of the Public Ledger, a gratifying publicity was secured; the majority of the city newspapers featuring the sale in their news columns during the week, and commenting most favorably upon our attempt to provide a market for the work of our members. It was decided during the week that Mr. Dipple’s work in connection with the sale, deserved a greater reward than our mere thanks, and it was resolved that a commission of 10% upon all sales be given him, like everything else of the kind it will be passed along to the Ultimate Consumer. We know to what good purpose Mr. Dipple will use this money, and we wish him all success in the splendid work of reclamation he is doing.

After an absence of two weeks Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa, came back tous, bring- ing with them the best show of the season; one that couldn’t have been duplicated on the Outside for less than $2.00 a seat; and needless to say, they were welcomed back with acclamation. There was but a short interval of waiting, during which the Professor, and his popular Band tore off a little “rag,” and generally livened up things with a few patriotic numbers. Then Mr. Kraupa entered, wearing his famous smile, and closely followed by the bearer of the Magic Carpet, which was so soon to transport us all from the sorry realities of this life, to the golden Land of Make-Believe: which in this case wasn’t very far, as the acene of the Picture was mostly laid in Phila. It was a very good Picture, indeed, which Mr. Kraupa presented for our delectation, a delightful comedy, entitled ‘‘Happiness,” an Ince production, which speaks volumes in itself, and it kept the audience intensely in- terested until the very end, when the—in this case—unspoiled heiress was left happily married to the President of the ‘‘Soap-suds Trust."

Miss Russell was on hand for the opening of the Vaudeville Bill, and presented Allen & Kingsbury as the “head-liners;’’ and we really think they were the best in their line we’ve seen for some time; and we haven’t been here so long, either. It seemed to our humble self that they could extract real music from anything that could make a sound, from a cow-bell to a concertina, and the name of the musical instruments which they brought into play, was literally ‘‘legion." The comedy member of the team, was really funny, and some of our 4th Block members were seen to cast longing looks at the door when he pulled that ‘‘razor,” while several of our local I. W. W. members seemed to recognize that ‘‘bomb’’ when he brought it out, and turned a bit pale about the ‘‘gills,” but like most members of that order, it wouldn’t work.

The Four Merry Youngsters, who were seen here some Saturdays back, re-appeared to the very great pleasure of all. There was no doubt of the audiences liking of the work of these promising young performers, and their singing and dancing was loudly applauded, the duet by the two younger members of the team, ‘‘If There Ever Was a Pair of Beautiful Eyes You’ve Got ’Em,” and their dancing was particularly good, while the solo numbers of the two older members left nothing to be desired.

Bendell&Gallegher, Accordionist and Dancer, succeeded, and did magnificently, they were both masters of their art, and we know now where to look for a successor to the late lamented Captain Castle.” They were given a determined encore, and we extend to them the heartiest of invitations to return, and give the rest of us a chance.

Mr. Gould, Black-face Comedian, followed, and made himself ‘‘solid’’ with the audience at the start. He was a rapid-fire joker, and exceedingly nimble on his feet, doing a bit of “clogging,” and some ‘‘buck’’ dances, tothe great delight of the audience.

The Haney Children, who were a real treat, closed the bill, with a singing and dancing act, which we earnestly hope they will repeat for us in the near future, with all the charm, and grace of childhood, allied to the finished skill of the born artist, they were a real delight to the eye and ear, and every man ot us is strong for ’em. They sang "My Sweetie and Me’’ as a duet number, and ‘‘If You Saw All That I Saw Down In Arkansas,”’ and the ‘‘Dixie Volunteers" as solo numbers, and made a hit with all.

The entire bill was given through the courtesy of Mr. R. H. Cross; whom we believe is Miss Russells Asscociate in the Business, and our hats are off to them for their skill in picking real actors. — B 8266.