---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3591'
image: umpire_1918_038.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- patriotism
- ' editorial'
title: Patriotism and Christianity
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PATRIOTISM AND CHRISTIANITY

It is undoubtedly true that patriotism and Christian brotherhood are analogous. They seem to go hand in hand as it were. Men go into battle and give their lives for something higher than themselves, when duty to their country calls. Clearly it must be the ‘‘devotion of the spirit to something nobler, something greater than itself.”

“All the transforming influences of the world are unselfish,” says a noted writer, and there is not a ‘‘selfish force in the world that is not touched with sinister power,’’ and the bond of true brotherhood is the only element of things worldly that is entirely unselfish. Surely this is the great lever that may lead to things that are great, and the future looms up with vast possibilities for its communal benefits.

No thinking man will doubt that ‘‘we are in the world to do something more than look after ourselves. The reason that I am precud to be an American is because America was given birth to by such conceptions as these, that its object in the world, its only reason for existence as a government, was to show men the paths of liberty and of mutual serviceability, to lift the common man out of the paths, out of the slough of discouragement, and even despair; set his feet upon firm ground; tell him, 'Here is the high road upon which you are as much entitled to walk as we are, and we will see that there is a free field and no favor, and that as your moral qualities are and your physical powers, so will your success be. We will not let any man make you afraid, and we will not let any man do you an injustice.' Those are the ideals of America. We have not always lived up to them. No community has always lived up to them, but we are dignified by the fact that those are the things we live for and sail by America is great in the world, not as she is a successful government merely, but as she is the successful embodiment of a great ideal of unselfish citizenship. That is what makes the world feel America draw it like a lodestone; that is the reason that the ships that cross the sea have so many hopeful eyes lifted from their humbler quarters toward the shores of the new world. That is the reason why men, after they have been for a little while in America and go back for a visit to the old country, have a new light in their faces, the light that has kindled there in the country where they have seen some of their objects fulfilled. That is the light that shines from America. God grant that it may always shine, and that in many a humble hearth in quiet country churches the flames may be lighted by which this great light is kept alive.”