---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3595'
image: umpire_1918_038.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Literary Digest
- ' animals'
- ' opinion'
title: Animals Do Think
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ANIMALS DO THINK

"I am surprised that anyone should still hold to the old theory that animals do not think. That theory is smashed completely by the one fact that memory, which is conceded to ail animals by every one who knows: them at all, is defined as ‘the concious reproduction of a previous thought.” If they do not think, whence comes the previous thought.’ Either our scientific men who deny thought in the lower orders must agree that thought is common with these animals, or they must remodel the definition of memory.

‘‘How about the mare that broke through a barbed-wire fence and traveled a mile and a half to the home of my brother-in-law when she was sick, waking him in the middle of the night by pawing at his door, because her owner had taken her there a year before when she was sick as now? How about our own red cow with the lop horn, who learned to carry her bell so the clapper would not touch the bell while she made her way to the corn- field? How about the same cow, after trying to reach a choice morsel through the fence, stepping back to look the situation over, then getting down on her knees to run wrong, her head under the fence, which was on short post that keep it two feet off the ground, rolling to her side and kicking herself through below the rails to the garden? How about the mischievous horse of Henry Ferguson, in Minnesota, that would tease his mate to try and bite his knee, then either bump the nose of the biter with his knee or catch his rein in his teeth and yank on it till the mate threw his head up? Saw that done myself at least a dozen times in an hour.

“Think? I guess they do. Far more than some of our Congressmen seem to do," says E. C. Harriman in the Literary Digest. “They not only think; but they plan and scheme. I could cite a hundred instances that have came under my own observation which prove it. But Webster settled the the thought controversy by defining memory, so now let the wise men make a new definition or cry quits.’’