---
author: B-8886
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3599'
image: umpire_1918_039.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Christianity
- ' editorial'
title: Wants to Express Himself
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WANTS TO EXPRESS HIMSELF

Fellows I'm no orator, but I feel it my taken up before long, and a leading member duty to express my feelings in regards to the of the house of commons stated that the Petterment of mjs fellow inmates. Say fellows, did you ever stop to think why we're here? Believe me, I have been thinking quiet a lot about it, and thefmore I think about it the madder I get. If there ever was a fool, but I realize that he had more brains in his feet than I had in my head. A lot of fellows say that the temptations that confront me are too hard for me to resist them. If we were to put our trust in Jesus Christ we could face them.

Fellows, some men say that all things are possible. I'm of a different opinion. This is what I think is impossible. I say that a man can’t live a clean life without the aid of Jesus Christ. I know if I had heeded his call I wouldn’t be here today, for I find when we trust Him, he will always give us strength to meet the sins and temptations that compass about us. But if we decide to go through this world without his aid, we will be failures. 

How many is there in this place today that were serving Christ when they were arrested? I believe I would be safe in saying that there isn’t one. Sometime ago I was talking to a man in here in regards to his life on the outside. He told me how he was trying to live a clean life on the outside. And here is the way it was. He was going to saloons about three times a week and getting drunk, and having fights with the bartender, and the occupants. Say if that is serving Christ, I would like to know what serving the devil is. For my opinion of serving Christ is different than that. Today that fellow can’t understand why he is here. Of course we have a lot of fellows here that say they shouldn’t be. here, but it takes all kinds of men to make a world. Fellows, let me ask you a question, does it pay to serve Jesus? Why certainly it does. It certainly doesn’t pay to serve the devil. By serving him our life is full of grief and sadness. But when we serve Jesus it is full of joy and happiness.

Fellows, at one time I served Christ on the outside, and believe me they were the happiest days of my life. Then I fell and was not man enough to fight the sin and temptations that were before me, and from that time until a few weeks ago my life wasn’t very pleasant. Oh yes, I’ve had some swell times as the fellows call them. But what did they amount to. I certainly know what they cost me. There price was 2 to 3 years. That’s some price to pay for a few good times. Now fellows what are we going to do; are we going to leave this institution deciding to live a sinful life? If we do we certainly are going to land here again or else some other jail. But fellows, with the strength of God to back me up, I am going to try and serve him to the best of my knowledge, so that when I leave here I will be able to take my stand with the world.

I am sick of doing time; and I hope all you fellows will try and realize the kind of life you are living before long. Some of you may say, that if I take Jesus as my personal friend and Savior, the old bunch will shun me, and give me the ha, ha. Yes there is some that will. But those that do it are ignorant, and aren’t fit to mingle with. Fellows, there is a time in every man’s life when he is capable of deciding his fate. Won’t you let this be the time when you will decide yours? Don’t think about where you are today, but think of what course you are taking if you decide to go straight. You must always keep pushing ahead not drifting; for if we drift we may be cast upon a barren isle. So let us start today to live a better life. But fellows, don’t try and do it with your own strength, for if you do you will fail. So Jet us humble ourselves before our fellow men, and take Jesus as our personal friend and Savior. 

—B 8886.