---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3601'
image: umpire_1918_040.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad’’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. 

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery. 

TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs. See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—$50 English Banjo-Mandolin in leather case, with 6 sets of Mandolin-Guitar folios. Price, $25. B8662, 12 B-2nd Gallery. 

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also models and half models of ships, and toys. 

WANTED—1 bench clamp, 2 large hand screws, and 1 large jack plane. B 3847, 7 B. 

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B. 

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates. B 8784, 12th Block.

FOR SALE— Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for oil-painted Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, 7th Gal. 

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block. 

WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other small mechanisms repaired. Conscientious workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal. 

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

PICTURE frames made to order at reasonable prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs on hand. Special designs made to order by expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furniture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B. 

FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all complete with accessories. Will instruct purchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.

B 8361, 11th Block, affers to furnish material to make bead putses, to good workers, as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit hand bags in many different colors. Price $1. 00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE —Bead watch Fobs. Any design made to order. Also stock on hand. Work guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block. 

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames. All work guaranteed. B 8016. 9th Block. 

WANTED— One heavily unholstered rocking-chair. Price right. B 7959, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE—Four gold fish and aquarium. Cheap. B 5949, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit, $2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Block.