---
author: B-8266
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3610'
image: umpire_1918_041.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' movies'
- ' vaudeville'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the February 26, meeting of the Board of Delegates, the following were admitted to membership; B 9050, 5491, 9055, 9053, 7427, 9049, 9059, 9054, 8179, 9057, 9029, 6828, 9058; B 9062—25¢c. We welcome this lone Plutocrat to our midst, and we wonder how he managed to escape the Bond sellers, and Income Tax Collectors, and get in here with that quarter. 

The Treasurer’s Report showed a Balance of $80.99, and the new Treasurer’s face is wreathed in smiles. The resignaticn of B 8558, Delegate 12—1st Gallery was read, and accepted. B 8562 being later appointed to the vacaney. The thanks and best wishes of the Club were tendered to B 5757, Delegate, 6th Gallery; and B 5921, Delegate, 5th Block, leaving us on Parole; B 2740, and B 5165 were later appointed to fill the respective vacancies. A very sympathetic letter from Mr, Cattell accepting Honorary Membership in the Club was read, and ordered filed.

Expenditures of the week were; paid to B 7579, for Slippers, $1.00; to B 8415, Slippers, 75¢; to B 6282, Serving Trays, $6.00; Subscriptions to Magazines, $2.25. Receipts of the week; from Circulating Library, $8.25; Donations .55¢; from sales made through Mr. Dipple, $38.65.

The Board of Governors was reorganized during the week by the appointment of B 8436 to the vacancy created by theretirement of B 8361, whose increased, and increasing, business cares caused a much-to-be-regretted withdrawal from the affairs of State. Few members have done more for the Club, and the general welfare of the Inmates, than he, and we hope his eclipse will be but temporary. B 8436 was elected Chairman of the new Board, and entered upon his new duties with a vigor and earnestness of purpose which speaks volumes for his interest in the Club.

The First Section were royally entertained on Saturday afternoon at a Vaudeville and Picture Show, which was the equal of any seen here this winter, and which leaves us more than ever in Miss Russell’s and Mr. Kraupa’s debt.

During the short interval of waiting for the arrival of Mr. Kraupa, and the “fillums,” Prof. Weigandt led his Ever-Victorious Band through some musical mazes; and one of the Professors newest recruits, B 8932, a Wizard with the Trombone, an instrument whose intricacies we could never fathom, was led to the stage like an early Christian martyr to the lions, and surprised everybody by the excellence of his performance. It was whispered around on reliable authority that he had the contract to awaken the inhabitants of his old home town, whenever the factory whistle was out of order.

It was but a few minutes-later that Mr. Kraupa appeared with his assistant, and the precious films, and the Screen flashed into life, revealing to us the escapades and misadventures of ‘‘Madcap Madge’’ the Life of a Young Ladies Boarding School, and the despair of a tuft-hunting Mamma. It wasa very delightful Comedy, and kept the audience in a very contented state of mind from start to finish, being broken in the middle to permit the early precentaticn of the Vaudeville portion of the Show.

There were but three acts, but the bill made up in quality, for any lack of quantity, and was very highly appreciated by all who saw it. The first act of the afternoon’s bill was presented by ‘‘Professor” Douglass, Ventriloquist, who was a master of his art, and kept the audience in both mystified, and merry mood during the period of his ‘‘turn.”

The words he put in the mouths of his manikins, “Uncle Tom,” and “Trilby,” etc., were droll, indeed. Many of our members would have liked to have discovered the secret of how it was done, so that they could send their voice in to report to their Overseer, while they stayed out in the yard to see the ball games, but all their watching was in vain.

Mr. David Ellison, Contortionist, followed, and we feel morally certain that the mouths of some members of the audience are still agape with wonderment at Mr. Ellison’s performance. To see him tuck his feet into his floating ribs, and walk across the stage on his medulla oblongata, was a sight for Gods, and men; while his ability to transform himself into a flying-fish at will, was perhaps the most amazing performance of all. Mr. Ellison could never have the same difficulty we experience in the tying of a bow-tie; he would simply hang the thing over a chair, and tie himself around it.

Lorette, Juggler, closed the most entertaining bill; and was the greatest "hit’’ of the afternoon. In a comedy ‘‘make-up,’’ he did some juggling which causeda his delighted audience to applaud him to the echo. His work with the three bails was better than of any pawn-broker we know—and speaking sub-rosa, we knew ’em all—but the audience most appreciated his performance with some cigar boxes, the more so, as all the Tenth was there to see, and a gentleman was heard to remark that there wasn’t a man on the Block who could juggle them more successfully. We extend to him, and to the two gentlemen preceding him, our heartiest thanks for a most delightful hour, and the most cordial of invitaticns to return, and give those who were so unfortunate as to be unable to be present the pleasure of seeing them.

Mr. Kraupa mounted the stage for a few moments at the close of the act, and repeated his plea of the preceding Saturday on behalf of the Kiddie’s Xmas Fund. It is our sincere hope that every member will contribute to this fund according to his means; will show by the measure of his giving his appreciation of the work Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa has done, and are doing for us. It is the sole reward they ask, that we be as as generous as they, and remember our own, the little children whose lives have been darkened by our deeds, and help them to at least one Happy Day. It is a small thing that we are asked to do, in comparison with such as theirs, and and ‘‘cursed be he who first cries, hold enough.’’

The remaining reels of ‘‘Madcap Madge’’ being run off to a triumphant conclusion with everyone married who weasn’t already addicted, and the old homestead happily saved, Mr. Kraupa put on a finishing touch, a very merry Farce, entitled ‘‘The Bookworm Turns,” being a few hectic hours in the life of a studious, be-spectacled youth, who apparently read a book about as often as the average youth of his age rolls a cigarette, a maiden fair, an Athletic Instructor, and a bevy of fair co-eds, with some ‘‘Komedy Kops’’ filled in the back-ground, and made a picture which was really funny.

— B 8266 Secretary.