---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3613'
image: umpire_1918_042.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
title: Did It Pay?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

DID IT PAY?

One day several years ago, the general manager of a large business house was informed by one of his department chiefs that an office boy had been detected taking money from his desk,

The general manager did’nt seem in the least disturbed at the information, but he requested that the young man be sent to his office.

In the course of a few minutes the boy appeared at the g. m’s. office bearing a look of fright on his face.

Telling the lad to take a seat, the manager busied himself with some letters on his desgk, and after a while he beckoned the boy to move his chair closer.

Then began a series of questions to all of which the conscience-stricken youth gave ready response, explaining home conditions and other details that might enable his employer to see that his pilfering was not really due to a desire to do wrong, but rather from an impulse under strong temptation.

The boy was told to go back to his desk and act as though nothing unusual had taken place. This he did and continued his usual daily task uninterrupted.

In the meantime the general manager had sent for his assistant who had made the complaint and asked him just how the lad had fallen into the habit of taking the money.

“Why,” was the answer, ‘‘he has been carrying this on for some time. I’ve been missing small sums of money from my desk from time to time.’’

“So you’ve told me before,’’ said the g. m., “but what I would like to know is, how did he come to take these small sums in the first place?”’

“Well, I believe I can make that clear to you,’’ said the assistant. ‘‘The fact is, I always keep some small change on my desk for miscellaneous purposes, and the boy developed the habit of taking a little at a time until the habit mastered him.”

“That is what I expected to hear, the general manager. ‘‘Now suppose you send for his record and give me an account, so that I can see how the lad is rated.”

The records is the case showed that the lad had proved himself willing and obedient to instructions and in other ways had shown his capabilities. So it was decided to overlook the faux pas and give the youth another chance.

The wisdom of this step proved itself later as the boy climbed steadily upward, helped and encouraged by his employer, and after several years of road experience he developed into one of the most trusted and successful men in the corporation’s employ.

As a further proof of his fitness for responsibility it is said of him that today he is not only one of the most popular men in the trade, but he is always ready to help the unfortunate, and a dauntless champion of the erring worker.

Did it pay to give the misguided youth a chance to redeem himself? Well, the result would seem to answer the question without further comment.