---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '3626'
image: umpire_1918_043.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' shells'
title: Shells That Cut Wire
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SHELLS THAT CUT WRIE

A correspondent writes that there seems no limit to what the new shells can do. One of the latest shells has a sort of scissors attachment which, when released by the explosion, will cut through the strongest wire entanglements. Another releases a number of short chains when it explodes. These chains are sure to wreck anything they touch.

The scissors shell has an opening in the casting through which the cutting arms project. They are slightly recessed in order to avoid wind resistance. The arms are attached near the nose of the projectile. They are mounted on steel studs in such a manner that they can rock and expand in order to throw the free ends outward at the base of the shell.

The fuse is made in the ordinary way and behind itis a chamber for the explosivecharge. The projectile is fired just as any shell is fired. The explosion releases the cutting arms and they cut throngh any object with devastating force.

The chain shell is constructed similarly except that short chains are wound around the gaine and separated by disks which keep them in place until the projectile is emptied.

Sometimes the chains are weighted heavily at the ends. When the explosion takes place the chains fly out with fearful force and in addition to their high-speed forward movement they rotate rapidly. Needless to say, where they hit something there is nothing left.