---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3630'
image: umpire_1918_045.jpg
issue: '11'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- lecture
- ' war'
- ' soldier'
- ' patriotism'
- ' ESP news'
title: Splendid War Service in the Eastern State Penitentiary
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SPLENDID WAR SERVICE IN THE EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY

While the beautiful strains of the British National Anthem softly pleaded with Providence to watch and protect the empire beyond the seas and her beloved, a young Australian—a British officer—stood like a good soldier at attention while fifteen hundred inmates rose as one in recognition of his loyalty.

The thrills of patriotism undoubtedly ran through all during these few minutes—because the strains interpreted so much this Sunday morning. It was as if it brought a message from ravaged Belgium and bleeding France to a bigger brother on this side to come hastily to the rescue, before it was too late, and Captain David Fallon, M. C., was sent to bring the message, because he could tell of the necessity better than others. He had come fresh frcm the trenches; he had seen with his own eyes the cruelties of war; he had been in the thickest of the fights; he had listened to the pitiful tragedies of downtrodden, peaceful Belgium; and he had been mangled, and had suffered to do his bit for his motherland.

On his entry he was greeted with strains of the National Anthems from the Penitentiary Band under Prof. A. F. Wiegandt.

To Mr. Lafferty we once more must pay our tribute for the honor bestowed on us in here, when others seem to have forgotten us, in that he brought to us a while ago real pictures of the war in yonder ‘‘No man’s Land,” pictures that gave us a splendid conception of the enormity of this war, and what is really taking place across the sea and many a one left the hall that day with the determination to enlist for the cause as soon as released, and when Mr. Lafferty brought within these walls a real British soldier, fresh from the trenches to verify what we have seen in pictures, one must say that we are fortunate to have on the Board of Inspectors such a man of sympathy and good-will, and if such kindness and courtesy to convicts do not reach the best there is in man, then he is beyond redemption.

Clad in the khaki uniform of a British officer, Captain Fallon stepped upon the little platform, decorated with the emblems of Britain and United States, at his side appeared the President of the Board of Inspec- tors, Mr. Carver, who in a few selected words introduced the speaker, and then left him alone under the protection of two beautiful Old Glory’s that were raised on either side of him.

We wereall amazed at the ease with which he took his ovation, and the powerful control he had over his manner of speech as he went on to tell how the eall to arms had reached the shores of his peaceful country in the Antipodes, and how poor and rich, old and young threw away their plow and pen, and rallied to the colors of a country fifteen thousand miles away, a flag they dream of replacing once with one of their own, but which they now in time of stress would give their life to uphold.

In thousands they embarked for Europe, and those who have followed up the war from its beginning remember what this young Australian told us, how they were at once sent to the hottest of the fight down in the Mediterranean, where the Turks, aided by the Germans, were playing havoc with the British fleets attempt to break through the Dardanelles.

He told us how the shots and shells fell thick around them as they embarked in little boats ready to force a landing, and how they managed to get a foothold on the Gallipoly peninsula, how the steep and seemingly unsurmountable mountain ranges faced them, but how they obeyed the orders to attack, how they had to dig into the sides of the cliffs gripholes and footholes, and how they at last, with but their rifles and cartridge belts, succeeded to reach the top.

But the victory had cost the Union Jack many of their best men. He told us of the failure of this landing, and how they were ordered to retreat, in a true British fashion he told of the disappointment that were theirs, but loyal. to the orders of his superiors, they withdrew after having left behind them in the crevasses of the hills more than two thirds of their number.

Captain Fallon then brought us to the battlefields of France, —and now he pictured to us the scenes we have often read of but hardly believed, because of cruelties unheard of among civilized people, but here stood he and told us the same thing, how the Germans had run across the little peaceful Belgium, and how they were not satisfied with victory alone, but how they allowed their animal nature to control them, how they took the life of little innocent children, how they ravaged the women and then put them to death slowly by unheard of methods, how the lust of blood seemed to be uppermost in a nation of men we have learned of in school to be enlightened and human.

He told his own personal experiences from the trenches, how he risked his life many a time as a scout, how his English pluck saved him in tight moments, how he saw comrades fall around him, and how cruelly they were mangled.

He told of his scars, he pictured to us the noble and splendid work of the Red Cross Nurses, and how they had comforted him while he was in the hospital, and like all other young men he blurted out his love for them, and that he wouldn’t minded staying with them a bit longer.

His most thrilling stories covered the period he spent in flying over the enemies trenches, and how he brought down several of his opponents, but he told us also how a shot had hit his machine and how his pilot was forced to come down, but fortunately out of reach of the enemy. 

His right hand hung limp at his side, for it had bore the greatest brunt of his experience, it was paralized and with two fingers missing, a scar marked his face, and upon his body was fourteen other reminiscences of the war.

And as he could do no more actual fighting at the front, he volunteered to muster more men and more money for the successful carrying out of the war, and knowing of no broader field than these United States he came here to tell what he knew and what he experienced, and to bring to us the urgent appeal to wake up and do our best for the cause, that the brutality of the Huns might be stopped, that France might be given back her own, Belgium given back her homes, and peace and order restored throughout the world.

As he ended his lecture, he said his tribute to our President and to the Nation which came to the rescue, and he predicted that with this country’s aid the time would soon come when Germany would be crushed.

When he had finished his speech, Mr. Carver again mounted the platform and converted to him the thanks and gratitude of this Institution for the great honor and courtesy paid it.

He also told the Captain of the Club of ours, and how thankful and pleased its members were for this treat, and after having been announced an Honorable member, he was presented with a silken pillow cover upon which was hand painted the emblems of Great Britain and the United States.

Once more we had the pleasure to here the Captain speak, and now his thoughts for a moment seemed to have forgotten the miseries of Europe, for his words of thanks and gratitude to the Honor and Friendship Club and its members for this great honor bestowed upon him.

He told of the Merit cross handed by the King of England, and how he had been daily honored since he left the other side, but this token of appreciation pleased him most, and we believe it for he was seemingly moved, soldier though he was.

When he again had finished a rising vote of thanks was given him, and once more the strains of his fatherland floated through the halls of the Institution, and at once he came to attention, and stood thus with a smile upon his face.

When the Star Spangl‘d Banner followed the British Anthem, Captain Fallon once more came to attention in recognition of the tribute paid his own. Also we went back home for dinner after a most pleasant and interesting hour.

Considering it in place to remember at this time those who are responsible for this and similar treats given us in the past, the Honor and Friendship Club extends hereby to the Inspectors and to the Warden its thanks and appreciation for the interest they take in our Club, and for the chances given to it to help one another to make life here as soothing as possible, and thus stiring the best there isinus to a determination to lead a better life, when once more liberty is ours.

Through some unfortunate mistake Capt. Fallon’s name upon the silken tribute was misspelled, and thus it was held back to be replaced by another, but to show that the Club is awake to all emergencies, B 8361 at once stepped forward and handed the Captain in the name of the Club a most perfect and beautiful inlaid box, and thus further cemented his friendship for us.

On the top of the cover will be engraved on a silver plate the Captain’s name and a guitable memento of his visit to us.