---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '3640'
image: umpire_1918_046.jpg
issue: '11'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Collier's Weekly
- ' war'
- ' profiteering'
title: War Profiteers
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WAR PROFITEERS

Profiteering—that is, using the war for personal gain—has become a term of the greatest reproach. It is a fighting word everywhere. You can’t say a much more harmful thing about any man than that he is turning the distress of his country, says Collier’s Weekly, and the sacrifices that other men are making, to his own profit. The more he conceals his methods, the more pains he takes to pretend a public service, the worse he is. But there are other forms of profiteering besides money making.

Any man who uses the war for his personal advantage is a profiteer. Bernard Shaw spilling tawdry epigrams on the principle that boys are dying for, is as much a profiteer as the grocer who overcharges his customers. The employer of labor who attempts to enforce the ‘‘open shop,” and the labor union bodies who take advantage of war conditions to order strikes for a ‘‘closed shop” are equally profiteers. Any man who looks upon the war as an opportunity to increase his personal or political prestige, to promote the aims of sectionalism, to forward political ideas which the public would not accept in times of peace, to get the people of this country ‘‘out of step,’’ is a profiteer. The spite tax legislation of Claucde Kitchen is profiteering. The Presidential booms of half a dozen men in Washington are profiteering of a very bad and dargerous sort. Playing cheap politics, giving offices to incompetent men, refusing to give office to competent men in the government of the smallest village—these are all profiteering. Those who are engaged in it are referred to the familiar words of Mark viii :36.