---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3661'
image: umpire_1918_049.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- daylight savings
title: Daylight Saving To Save Millions
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

DAYLIGHT SAVING TO SAVE MILLIONS

The daylight saving bill which passed through its final legislative stage last Saturday, will become a law as soon as President Wilson signs the bill. It is estimated by experts for the Government that millions of dollars will be saved in fuel cost in the seven months during which period the standard time will be advanced one hour.

It will not be necessary, it was pointed cut to have lights burning in factories and places of employment during the period of the advanced time from March to October. This will affect a large saving in coal used for illuminating.

The bill provides that, at 2 A. M. on the last Sunday of March of each year, the standard time in each of the five zones in the United States shall be advanced one hour and at 2 A. M. of the last Sunday in October the standard time of each zone shall be retarded an hour.

The effect is to start all business activities an hour earlier and close the same an hour earlier than at present, This will give opportunity for recreation and outdoor work and activities long before sun fall after the close of business.

The plan was adopted last year in England, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Portugal and this year in Australia and Iceland.

The bill had the support of practically all the large industries in the country.