---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3666'
image: umpire_1918_050.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- New Era
- ' penal press'
- ' prison reform'
title: Paid? Yes! Settled? No!
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PAID? YES! SETTLED? NO!

When a man completes a term in prison, his debt to society is paid. His discharge is equivalent to a ‘‘receipted bill.” In return for the time spent in penal servitude the law grants him this certificate of ‘‘Settlement in Full,” avers the New Era.

“But,’’ declares the editor of the North American, ‘‘society has refused to acknowledge this receipted bill in thousands of cases. It would seem only just that the state which compels the payment of the bill should also compel the public to accept its receipt as valid.

“The state is concerned solely with seeing that justice is done at one end of the line. The other end of the line must be handled by an individual, who, though he has paid what the state demanded, usually stands alone— shunned, shamed, ostracized.

“We believe the day will come when all this will be changed.

“The last four years have provided many object lessons indicative of the unwelcome fact that civilization itself is not sufficiently far advanced to assume a haughty or unfriendly attitude toward those of its members who commit wrongs, which, when compared to the mountainous crimes of the immediate past, seem almost insignificant!

“The prison problem is big and real. It cannot be dealt with successfully from any other than a standpoint of constructive statesmanship and common sense. It is an economic proposition of the first order, and undoubtedly the time is coming when the state will pay just as much attention to helping men out of prison as it now gives to puttirg them in prison.

‘‘Punishment (with mercy) is just, but exactly as the state would punish a merchant for hounding a man who held his receipted bill, so must public opinion eventually ‘punish’ the state—by changing its laws—for mistreating men who hold its receipted bills.’’

“If a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such a one in the spirit of mercy; consider thyself, lest thou also be tempted.’’