---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3676'
image: umpire_1918_051.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- greyhounds
- ' information literature'
title: Remarkable Speed of Greyhounds
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

REMARKABLE SPEED OF GREYHOUNDS

Comparatively few people realize of what remarkable speed dogs are capable. The wolf can run between fifty and sixty miles in one night, and the Arctic fox can do quite as well, if not better. Nansen met one of these foxes on the ice at a point more than seventy miles northwest of the Sannikow tervitory which is 480 miles from the Asiatic coast.

Eskimo and Siberian dogs can travel forty- five miles on the ice in five hours, and there is one case on record in which a team of Eskimo dogs traveled six and one-half miles in twenty-eight minutes.

English setters and pointers hunt at the rate of eighteen to nineteen miles an hour, and they can maintain the speed for at least two hours. Foxhounds are extracrdinarily swift, as is proved by the fact that a dog of this breed once beat a thoroughbred horse, covering four miles in six and one-half minutes.

Greyhounds are the swiftest of all four-footed creatures, and their speed may be regarded as equal to that of carrier pigeons.

English greyhounds which are carefully selected and which are used for coursing are able to cover at full gallop a space between eighteen and twenty-three yards every second.

It is said that a hare at its greatest speed never goes faster than at the rate of eighteen yards a second. These interesting statistics fully prove the right of the greyhound to rank as the swiftest of the quadrupeds.