---
author: B-8266
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3681'
image: umpire_1918_052.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' movies'
- ' entertainment'
- ' baseball'
- ' patriotism'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Due to the failure of the notes to appear in last week’s issue of THE UMPIRE, the following is a report of the last two week’s business of the Club. New members admitted: B 9064, 9070, 9072, 9074, 9060, 9061, 066, 9073, 9052, 9024, 9015, 9003, 9069, 9079, 9086, 7476, 9071—$1.00; 9065—15¢c; 9067—10c; 9051 —25¢; 9068—10c; re-instatements: B7312, 5832, 7825, 7843, 6256, 6823, 8714, 7871, 8571, 8395, 8205, 5812, 7914, 8084, 6113, 8459, 7648.

The Treasurer’s report for the week end- ing March 12, showed a balance of $46.67 remaining in the Club Treasury, which is eminently satisfactory. Loans were granted to the following, in the amounts named: B 5268, 5079, 3142, $2.00; at Gate. $18.62 paid to Central News Co., for magazines. $3.00 to B 6282, for serving tray; $30.50 to B 5396, for ladies’ hand-bags; 50c to B 8612, for mens’ slippers, all to be re-sold; 15c to B 3079, for work done for Club; $9.40 to publishers for magazine subscriptions; money-order fees, 79c;one yard of white satin, $1.25; $3 60 to Thomas Price Co., for stationary for Receipts, approximate, from Library, $12.50; sales oervice, $12.25; caps, 95c; loan refunded, $5.00; donations, $1.60.

During the last week one dozen League baseballs were received by the Club, ~ gift from the Hon. John K. Tener, President of the National League, and a letter of thanks was written Mr. Tener, with an invitation to call, and witness one of our games, in the course of the summer. Mr C. J. St. George Joyce, Asst. City Editor of the Public Ledger, was unanimously elected an Honorary Member of the Club, as a slight token of the Club’s appreciation of his work in its behalf: namely, the splendid publicity secured for our recent attempt to provide a market for the work of our members: and the giving of a daily newspaper to the Club, to enable it to provide a Bulletin Service for of stirring events. Committees were appointed by the Chairman, at the Delegate meeting of March, 12, to provide ways and means for the members during the Outings of the Summer Season, as follows; General: A 8432, B 8266, 8073, 7444, 6263, 8897 7579; baseball B 7664, 8375. Anyone feeling himself an entertainer of sorts, long-distance running, walking, athlete, or clown, should apply to some one of the above named for a chance to prove his contention.

The Entertainment provided for the members of the First Section at the Hall on Saturday afternoon last was equal to any given this winter, and was highly appreciated by all those who had the pleasure of being present. The Picture of the afternoon was a Triangle film, entitled ‘‘Her Father’s Keeper’’ being a mixture of love, and high finance ith Wall Street for a background. “‘Si Stubbins,” announced as the original Barnum & Bailey “Rube,” was the bill opener, appearing in a bucolic costume of about the vintage of the Centennial Year. Mr. Starr followed with a reportoir song, which he ren- dered in a fine voice and manner; singing among others some late patriotic ballads: “Liberty Bell Its Time to Ring Again;” and A-M-E-R-I-C-A. Messers. Hart & Clark were next in a comedy act; appearing as a man-about-town, in a very mellow state, and a member of the ‘‘Finest,” with a duty to perform. It was an act redolent of old Erin, the songs which were interpolated were all reminiscent of the Green Isle: namely; “There’s a Town in Old Kilkenny,’’ “There’s Something in The name of Ireland,’’ and “My Rose of Old Erin.” Messrs. Hart & Clark made a very fine impression upon their hearers, and would be heartily welcomed back should they be able to return. It was with great pleasure that we welcomed back to us Mr. Devlin, so well named the prince of Entertainers. Mr. Devlinis certainly the Prince of Story-tellers, and we would love to have him play Scheherezade to our Sultan for Several Thousand and One Nights. Kubanoff the Man who makes the violin talk, who will be remembered as appearing the previous Saturday closed the bill, and was as great a success as before. 

—B 8266, Secretary.