---
author: B-7291
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '3682'
image: umpire_1918_052.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- lecture
- ' religion'
- ' temperance'
- ' music'
- ' Bible School'
title: Wednesday P.M. Bible School
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WEDNESDAY P. M. BIBLE SCHOOL

A largely attended meeting of Chaplain Jos. We'ch’s Bible School was held on Wednesday afternoon, March 13th, 1918, in the chapel. After a short song service and a cornet duet by B 7737, the Lord’s prayer was recited by the entire audience in unison.

Chaplain Welch then addressed the boys and, with his usual well pointed remarks warned them against the evil of intemperance when they go out, and especially if they go out on Parole. Our good friend Mr. Dipple was on hand as always. and after a brief address he read the lesson for the day from Mark 5-21 to 43. Mr. Dipple then introduced as the speaker for the afternoon the Rev. Jesse S. Lonsinger, Pastor of the Ontario Presbyterian Church of this city; Rev. Lonsinger certainly proved to be up to the high standard of all those who have preceeded him, as speakers at these meetings.

His topic ‘‘Breaking down the walls’’ was handled in a masterly manner, and he pointed out in a way that could not be misunderstood that, the only way to break down the Walls of Sin that surround us, is by accepting and believing in Jesus Christ as our Saviour. We all thank Rev. Lonsinger for his visit and extend to bim an earnest and sincere invitation to come in agair.

We also thank our Chaplain for the privilege of attending these meetings, and thank and congratulate Mr. Dipple for his interest in us and for the class of men he brings here to talk to us. The boys of the Episcopal Choir also deserve much praise for their fine singing.