---
author: B-7612
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3684'
image: umpire_1918_053.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
title: Annual Meeting of E.S.P. Ball League
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ANNUAL MEETING OF E. S. P. BALLL LEAGUE

The annual meeting of the E. S. P. Baseball League was held on the 13th and plans for the season of 1918 were discussed, approved and adopted. B 8728, as President of the League, called the meeting to order and after a few brief remarks he announced that owing to the pressure of business, he would be unable to continue as President of the League, and he therefore asked to be allowed to resign.

Pending the outcome of his request, B 7612 as Secretary acted as Chairman of the meeting, and ordered a vote upon the resignation of B 8728 as President, which was taken and accepted with regret. B 7664 was placed in nomination by the retiring President and elected by acclamation. On being notified of his election, he then in a neat little speech of acceptance, thanked those present for their confidence in him, and assured every one that he would do his best toward the welfare of the League.

The Warden has kindly consented to help in a material way, and if we all show appreciation we may have more.

A schedule has been arranged to include 72 games starting April 15, and ending September 27. Two weeks have been allowed for training, beginning April 1, each team to have 15 men. The opening games are Ninth vs. Cubs, Printers vs. Athletics. The managers, etc. are as follows: President, B 7664, Secretary, B 7612, Chief reporter and score-keeper, R 6680, Mgr. Cubs, B 7471, Printers, B 8814, Ninth 8430, Athletics B 8550. 

B 7612.