---
author: B-7291
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3689'
image: umpire_1918_053.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Bible School
- ' lecture'
- ' religion'
title: Wednesday P.M. Bible School
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WEDNESDAY P.M. BIBLE SCHOOL

The same large attendance marked the meeting of Chaplain Welch’s Bible Schoo; on Wednesday afternoon March 20th. The song service was first, and then the usual recitation of the Lord’s Prayer, followed by a responsive reading from the day’s lesson, Mark 6—1 to 31 by Mr. Dipple and the attending Chaplain Welech gave the boys some good sound common sense advice: let us hope they will follow it. Mr. Dipple then introduced Rev. Francis Behrens, saying “he wanted to get all out of him that he could while he was with us’ and we certainly did get it. Rev. Behrens is Pastor of the Fiftieth Baptist Church this city, but he is more he is a wonder. He held the rapt attention of everyone present up to his last word. In a beautifully told story of an acquaintance of his, the late Jacob Riis, of New York City; he told how Mr. Riis while sick in Denmark had been given up by all his physicians and how Old Glory, our own ‘‘Stars and Stripes" floating from the mast of a passing vessel had been an inspiration to him, and he longed for life again and finally got well. Rev. Behrens then drew a paralell saying that the Cross and its Sacred Victim, Jesus, should be an inspiration for all of us to look for a new and better life. Mrs. Frank Dipple was present with two lady friends, Mrs. C. Shindell of this city and Mrs. A. Hutton of Chambersburg. Last week B 7341 was not mentioned as taking part in the cornet duet; we beg leave to make the correction now. 

—B 7291