---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3694'
image: umpire_1918_054.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- enlistment
- ' employment'
title: Men of 45 Now In Demand
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MEN OF 45 NOW IN DEMAND

The managers of big business houses used to look upon the man of forty-five as a back number, says a commercial paper. Only younger men were looked upon with favor. Someone to put ‘‘life’’ in the business. The man in the prime of life found himself sadly discriminated against before he had had a chance to explain his qualifications; the youngster had a toe hold on the prospective job before he had said a word. Now all this is changed. It is the young man who is frowned at, the older man who is met with an air of kindly indulgence. This does not necessarily mean that employers have undergone any change of heart in respect to the relative usefulness of the two classes, but circumstances are different. Changing help is costly, and the business man wants satisfactory employees who have learned the details of the work to stay. There is no telling how long the young man may be able to stay; the Government may call him at any time. The older man is practically free from likelihood of military service.

Just now there is a strong sentiment that young men physically able and without dependents ought to be in the army or navy, and this is to the advantage of elderly men. Discrimination in Great Britian against younger men in the matter of civilian employment was a powerful conscriptive agency in the early days of the war. No young men were hired when the work could as well be performed by older men or by women. Actual shortage of young men for non-military work in both countries, of course, has helped to force the change of feeling.

The presence of more men with gray hair or no hair in stores and offices is attracting comment. Writers to newspapers express themselves as pleased with the services rendered by men of this class as contrasted with their younger predecessors. Employers say they do the work as well as or better than the youths—as why should they not?