---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3697'
image: umpire_1918_054.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- indigenous people
- ' '
title: Proud of Their Indian Blood
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PROUD OF THEIR INDIAN BLOOD

It is well worth while to give the Indian a square deal. He has proved himself capable of great things. Two presidents of Peru have been Indians. One of Mexico’s greatest presidents was an Indian, and Bolivia has at least one great Indian President. One expects them to excel in warfare. The Araucanian Lantare was the greatest military chieftain South America has produced, except San Martin, and we have had General John A. Logan and General Eli S. Parker. Numbers of our Senators and Congressmen have been proud of their Indian blood, and Thomas C. Moffet, who knows the red man well, says that ‘‘in a professional world today, on farms, among leaders in business affairs, the Indian, educated and Christianized, is taking his place; clever Indian lawyers are looking out for the interest of their tribes; capable Indian physicians are ministering to the needs of their own people; earnest Indian preachers and teachers are spreading among the reservations the seed of the Gospel Message; aggressive India agriculture experts are teaching the younge generation how to improve land crops; the new Indian is helping in the forward move ment activities of his country. The white man’s diseases and vices me cine, Christiar morals and faith can, if he so wills it, lift that burden and make his re., brother once again a free man.