---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3698'
image: umpire_1918_054.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Venice
- ' information literature'
- ' St. Mark''s'
title: The Bronze Horses of St. Mark
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE BRONZE HORSES OF ST. MARK

The history of the famous gilded-bronze horses of St. Mark’s coincides with man upheavels in the history of old Europe Thomas Coryate, who ‘‘set going for Venice the fourteenth of May, ano. 1608,” gives the story of them as he heard it from th Venetians of his day: ‘‘Some say that the were cast by Lysippus . . . about 300 years before Christ; some say that the Romans made them at what time Hiero, King of Syracuse, triumphed of the Parthians. It is ported that Tyridates, King of Armenia, stowed them on the Emperor Nero . . . and that Constantine the Great brought them rom Rome to Constantinople, and therehence they were lastly brought by the Venetians when they possessed Constantinople. So greatly did the Venetians esteem the four goodly brasen horses,” adds Coryate “that although they have been offered for their weight in gold by the King of Spaine, as I have heard reported in Venice, yet they will never sell them.”

Nearly two centuries after Coryate had ‘written his “Crudities,’’ ‘‘for the encouragement of Gentlemen and lovers of travel to undertake journeys beyond the sea,” the "brasen horses’’ of St. Mark’s were removed from Venice by Napoleon and placed on the arch of the Place du Carousel. Francis of Austria restored them to Venice in 1815 and there they remained all through the troublous times of the Italian War of Independence. In the year of 1917, in the midst of the tumult of war, the horses have returned to Rome, whence they are said to have started their peregrinations in the Third Century. AD.