---
author: B-8266
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3706'
image: umpire_1918_056.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' music'
- ' vaudeville'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the March 19th Meeting of the Board of Delegates the following were admitted to membership in the Club: B 9097, 9082, 9095, 8279, 9084, 9083, 9096, 9098, 9078, 9077, 9076, 9075, 9088, 7016, 9089, 9100, 9087, 9085, 9080— BOc; 5847—25¢; 9094—25¢; two re-instatements ‘B 5988, 7025—$1.00 and one resignation B 5987 who has wearied of the struggle, tempor- i arlly, at least. The Report of the Treasurer showed a Balance of $63.47 in the Club’s Treasury, which gives promise of the Club being able to purchase a flivver in the near future, and give its members joy-rides about the Institution. New Delegates from the 10th Block, B 8996, the 7th Gallery, B 9005, and the 5th Block, B 5165, were presented to the Board by the Chairman, A 8432, in a few short and mellifluous words, and were given an appropriate welcome. The Receipts of the week were approximately as follows: Library, $5.50; World Almanacs, 
.65; Donations $2.15; no correct report of sales for the week was at hand, but we can at least mention $2.50 as sure. Expenditures of the week were: B 6282, making bases for Cup Protectors, $2.50; B 5845, making Caps for Delegates, $1.00; Loans B 5293, $5.00; B 8570, $5.00; B 6765, to enable him to redeem Cornet sold to fellow Inmate' $20.00: Magazine Subscriptions, $1.10. The Wool fund closed with a total of $54.05 given which makes it as much a success as the Liberty Loan. 

The 1st Section was finely entertained at the Hall on Saturday afternoon, though the knowledge that it was seeing its last Show of the present Season would have been ordinarily sufficient to cast a gloom over any performance, but Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa, perhaps anticipating this, so filled our firmament with ‘‘Stars,” both screen and theatrical, as to quite dazzle our poor eyes and left us absolutely no time nor inclination for regrets. Following a musical number by Prof. Weigandt, and his potential warriors, the audience was entertained by B 7349, and B 8137, who with saxophone and accordion produced such harmony as caused them to be insistently encored by the audience. They were followed by B 8932 whose talents as a whistler are really remarkable. The Picture presented by Mr. Kraupa for our delectation was an Ince production, entitled The Clodhopper with Charles Ray in the title role. 

The bill-opener of the vaudeville was Mr. Scott Brown in a reportoire of songs. Mr. Alfred Burke followed with a singing and talking act which made a hit with his hearers; and was succeeded in turn by The Musical Roberts, who showed themselves possessed of areal musical talent, and dallied with more musical instruments than we had dreamed existed. Mr. Harry Rome, followed, delighting the audience with his songs, notably, “I Don’t Want To Get Well,” and “We’ll Hang the Kaiser Under the Linden Tree.” The Haney Kids closed the bill, and were even more egharming than before.

There were two or three pleasant little interludes during the vaudeville performance one of these being the occasion of what Miss Russell termed her annual speech. She told us of the pleasure she had gotten out of doing her little ‘‘bit” for us, and that she would have willingly done more, and assured us that we might count on her for the coming Winter. It was Mr. Kraupa’s turn next and he also did nobly; he read the returns from the Kiddies’ Xmas Fund Collection, being a total of $75.20, and though regrettlng that the boys did not do quite so well as last Spring, assured them of his entire satisfaction with their efforts to show their appreciation of Miss Russell’s and shis kindness. He also promised—Mr. Micawber like—never to desert us, and offered his services for any inclement Saturday afternoon during the Summer. It was then our esteemed President, the Hon. ‘‘Rube’’ came to bat, and made a ‘‘home run’’ in voicing the thanks of the members present. At the close of his little speech, the Vice-President, A 8432, moved that the audience give Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa, a vote of thanks for their good service, a motion which was seconded by B 8436, Chairman of the Board of Governors, and on being put to the question by the President, the entire audience rose to its feet as one man, voting its appreciation of so fine a work and friendship.

— B 8266.