---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '3709'
image: umpire_1918_056.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE "AD" COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come througk your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE when advertised goods are sold will be demed future of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. 

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block. 

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prices and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

TEACHING— Mandolin and Guitar; 50c p month. B 7065, 1st Block. 

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs. See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—$50 English Banjo-Mandolin in leather case, with 6 sets of Mandolin-Guitar folios. Price, $25. B8662, 12 B-2nd Gallery.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also models and half models of ships, and toys.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B. 

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block. 

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin. Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block. 

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

PUT YOUR order in now for oil- painted Easter Cards. Best work. B 7648, 7th Gal. 

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price, 76¢. B 5036, 6th Block. 

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S. and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call B 6450, 1st Block. 

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furniture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. Kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish material to make bead purses, to good workers, as agreed, and divide the profits. Applicants send number to 11th Block. 

FOR SALE—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit hand bags in many different colors. $1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery. 

FOR SALE-—Bead watch Fobs. Any design made to order. Also stock on hand. Work guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block. 

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames. All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block. 

FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting $2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and hair links made to go on end of fobs 50c. B6294,1st Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs on hand. Special designs made to order by expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block. 

LOSTT—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Gal.

FOR SALE-—Victor phonograph with horn and 38 records. Cheap. B 7073, 11th Block 

FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block. 

POEMS and short stories grammatically corrected and punctuated. Appropriate charges. B 7871, 12-2nd Gallery. 

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see my samples. Call and see my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,

FOR SALE—Two new beautiful gilt burnished picture frames. 16x20 all complete. Bargain to quick buyer. B 8557, 9th Block.