---
author: B-8874
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3711'
image: umpire_1918_057.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Judaism
- ' Passover'
- ' ESP news'
title: Jewish Holidays
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

JEWISH HOLIDAYS

The Jewish Inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary—some forty in number—kept the eight days of Passover in all conformity with the Law of Moses which bids all members of that race to remember annually with solemn ritual the Great Deliverance from the land of Egypt, and the bonds of the oppressor. Messrs. Berkowitz, Berman, Hemple, Joseph, Platowsky, of the B,Rith, were the committee in charge, and, as always, left no stones unturned to see that their unfortunate co-religionists wanted for nothing that was necessary to their observance of this great Feast. Through the kindness of our Warden Robt. J. McKenty, each man was allowed twenty pounds of matzos, or unleavened bread, for the period, as well as other necessaries, and services were held daily in an improvised Synagogue, at ten o’clock, morning, and from five to seven o’clock, evenings; with Rabbi Dr. J. Medoff officiating.

It has been for several years, in power or in captivity; a mighty nation or an outcast people; in Ghetto, and the pale, the palace or the prison, the Jew is faithful to the Law of his fathers, and rises superior to place and circumstance, and therein lies the secret of their indurance, for nations and peoples, like induviduals, must keep faith, or perish.

— B 8874.