---
author: B-8266
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3717'
image: umpire_1918_057.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' library'
- ' reading'
- ' entertainment'
- ' movies'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' minstrelsy'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meeting of March 26, the following applications for membership were made and accepted: B 9063, 9090, 9091, 9093. The Treasurer’s Report was read, showing a Balance of $66.14 in the Club Treasury. The resignation of B 8140, 3rd Block, from the Club was accepted.

The approximate receipts of the week were: Library, $4.00; sales of Inmates work, $40.45; sales of waste-paper, rags, ete., for quarter, $136.60; loan repaid by B 8646, $5.00. Expenditures: Loans, B 7270, 7912, 79138 $2.00; paid to Horlacher Auto Service for truck hire, $2.00; to Central News Co., for periodicals, $10.04; to B 7576, commission on sale of waste-paper, etc., $18.66; magazine subsecriptions, $23.65.

We would be glad to know just what’s the matter wich the younger element that they don’t volunteer more freely for the games to be held during the summer. We wonder if it would help any to have the potatoes fried for them in the Potato Race? Or must we offer a Pardon as a prize to the winners? We trust that each Block and Gallery will readily find enough gladiators to uphold its honor in these friendly games. Ask your delegate.

We are requested to whisper a word of warning in the collective ears of those Vandals who persist in mutilating the magazines rented them. through the Club’s Circulating Library. They must really try to rememn ber that the two-cent-a-day fee only entitles them to the reading of the magazine, and not to the permanent retention of any part of it that may strike their errant fancy.

In what was expected to be the last show of the present season, but which in the end was found to be so vuly so far as the vaudeville was concerned, as Mr. Kraupa—who with his usual modesty blamed it on the Hon. Jimmy-turn-the-crank, but we all know who was the guilty party—offered to provide two more movie shows before turning us out into the yard. Needless to say, his offer was accepted with enthusiasm. Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa fairly outdid themselves in the character of the acts and pictures furnished for our delectation. It was a long show, and a good one, and left no spectator in doubt as to whether he liked it or no. To cap the climax, as it were, Miss Angellotti appeared on the scene, and officiated at the piano with all her pristine charm.

Prof. Weigandt, and his indefatigable Band aided by some local talent, namely, B 7349 and B 8137 for whom the Saxaphone and the Accordion have no secrets, entertained the audience very successfully during the short interval of waiting. The first picture was a one-reel Farce, entitled ‘‘A Matrimonial Accident,” and we advise everyone to take out insurance against a possibility of such happenings at once. Then came the Feature, a five-reel Comedy, entitled, ‘‘An Even Break,’’ which was very well liked by the audience, their approval at times being almost of an explosive character.

Before the starting of the Vaudeville Bill, Miss Russell appeared before the curtain, and made a spirited little speech, as full of “pep’’ as Chili-con-carne; expressing her great pleasure at being allowed to do her little “bit’’ for us, but promised to do more during the coming Season should she be per- mitted to do so. She refused to take any credit to herself, saying that we owed most to H. Bart McHugh, whom we know as, perhaps Philadelpia’s most popular Booking-Agent, and Miss Russell’s staunch associate and when the British and the Irish really get together what chance has the rest of the world? We take thisopportunity to acknowledge our debt to Mr. McHugh, and assure the gentleman of our sincere appreciation of his really notably generosity, and wish all success to Miss Russell and he in their enterprise. May their shadow never grow less.

Mr. Kraupa also read to the Section the report of the Xmas Fund Collection, and spoke a few winged words, and then announced to a delighted audience—camouflaging himself, as it were, behind the Hon. Jimmy-turn-the-crank —that two more Movie Shows would be given, should permission be secured, As a curtain-raiser, his speech was certainly a success.

The first Act on the Afternoon Program was The Melody Fiends, being three gentle- man song-birds, bearing Mandolins, and chock-full of harmony. Their rendition of the songs ‘‘That’s the Kind of a Baby for Me,” “Soldier Boy,’’ and ‘‘The Long, Long, Trail’’ were given in such manner as to give them a determined encore, and the conclusion of the Act left everybody feeling that their title was well deserved.

Mr. Franz Meisel, Miss Russell’s talented “find,” was next to appear, and gave as fine a performance on the violin as on his previous appearance. His offerings, both grave and gay, met with the heartiest approval of the audience, and we are sure he could not have been received with more appreciation had he been in cultured Boston; good music is to us a rarity, and so doubly appreciated. We are very much in Mr. Meisel’s debt for the pleasure he has given us, and wish him all success.

Another of our favorites returned to us in the person of little Miss Adeline Bendon, whom we are honored by having as an Honorary Member of the Club. This dainty little Miss is perhaps the most charming “Juvenile’’ that treads the boards of any stage; and delighted us all with her singing of “Mary, You’re Just a Little Bit Old-Fashioned,” and ‘‘I Wish I was in the Land of Cotton Now,”’ and that old favorite of ours, O Johnny, O Johnny,” which Miss Bendon can sing with more expression than Blanche Ring, we wager. B 8361, who is one of Miss Bendons loyal admirers presented her through the medium of Miss Russell, with a Beaded Hand Bag, and she responded with a word of thanks, and a ‘‘God bless you,” which we feel carried more weight than any Bishop’s.

Miss Edith Ellison, Soprano of the Imperial Band of Woodside Park, followed and made a tremendous hit with fine singing. Miss Ellison sang two Numbers, ‘‘Child of My Dreams’’ and “The Sunshine of Your Smile’’ and then in a response to an insistent encore, with the most delightful of Irish Brogues “Somewhere In Ireland.” We beg to tender to Miss Ellison our most sincere thanks for her kindness in appearing before us; and we express an equally sincere hope that she will consent to sing for us again at some future day.

Then came the big feature of the afternoon, the Buster Brown Minstrels, courtesy of H. Bart McHugh; these young Misses seven in number, elad in real Buster Brown costumes; took the heart of the audience by storm, and earned round upon round of applause with their joking and singing. Their taste seemed to run to Southern Melodies; they opening with the ‘‘Dixie Volunteers’’ and proceeding with the "Sailing On The Henry Clay’’ and ‘‘I’m All Bound Around With The Mason-Dixon Line;” but the audience appreciated more the Parody on the famous Song, ‘‘There’l Be a Hot Time For the Old Men When the Young Men Go Away.” A ‘‘Buck Dance’’ done by a trio of the young Ladies was also loudly applauded. From first to last their act was a ‘‘Sure-fire hit;” and we are in. the young Ladies debt for a most delightful quarter-of-an-hour, and heartily wish they could come again to cheer us.

— B 8266, Secretary