---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3720'
image: umpire_1918_058.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' Forum'
title: The Light That Failed
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE LIGHT THAT FAILED

It isn’t anything unusual of late years to hear of money-mad young men who are bent on getting something for nothing, despite all that has been said and written advising the fallacy of such an undertaking. They come and go in varied numbers and our criminal courts usually form a fitting background of their closing career.

There is an old saying about a fool being born every minute, and from evidence easy to find, it would seem to be a near truth. Not only do the get-rich-quick-Wallingfords persist in their endeavors to consider the “world as their oyster,” but they do so love to top it off by crowing over their craftiness.

Such a young man was ‘‘the Wolf of Wall street,’’ as he loved to term himself, when he went to Wall street a few years ago, to ‘‘enter the gentleman’s game of sheering the lambs.”

Well, he has seen the folly of his ways at last, and as a writer in the Forum puts it, he is preparing ‘‘to write confessions that will inspire young men to do right.”

Telling of his interview with ‘‘the Wolf,” which took place at a Government hostelry where men are sent to ‘‘reflect on errors of the past," the writer goes on to say that "Lamar, clad in a blue crash uniform which was neat and clean, greeted him with a sweeping bow, and passed before him into a cheerless, barren room where the windows were high up in the walls and the only furnishing consisted of a deal table and some chairs. After discussion of the business in hand, the prisoner, who seemed troubled said suddenly:

“ ‘I am now on the shady side of life. I have had my day in court, and was constitutionally protected. The courts were fair with me and I was justly sentenced. When I come out I will be square; I will have paid the debt I owed; I have learned that everything concerning a man’s happiness comes from within, and that it s an inexhaustible source.

“ "There is no one I want to fight. When I am out, I shall go back to my home in New York, live quietly, and trouble nobody. Perhaps I shall evolve from my experience a book of confessions that will help and inspire younger men to do right.’

“ ‘As we stepped out from the gloomy re- ception room, where the guard had sat between us listening to what we said, into the corridor, Lamar shook hands cordially and walked briskly away toward the outer gates that opened to the cells.”

Thus the end of all wildeat schemes of immature minds. However shrewd and resourceful they may be, without proper training and control, they are bound to fail in the long run. Those who travel the ‘‘glittering path’’ are bound to pay the price.