---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3724'
image: umpire_1918_058.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' sea'
title: The Lure of the Sea
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE LURE OF THE SEA

There was a time when the spirit of adventure was alive within the heart of every American boy. The love of travel, of danger of new faces and new scenes carried him to the far corners of the earth and into the unbeaten paths of land and sea.

Later there came a time when the adventure of money-making absorbed the young American. He found in business, in office or store, or perchance in Wall street, the excitement he craved. And for more than fifty years the American adventurer of the old type has been a rarity.

The sea, whose lure to young America was once so strong, called him no more. The steamship does not present the romantic appeal of the sailing craft of other’ days. The stoker twenty feet beneath the surface of the water has not the outlook that once belonged to the ‘‘sailor before the mast.”

“To day it would seem that the sea is calling again—and young America must answer. For with the call of the sea comes the call of his native land.

America’s merchant marine must be manned if our ships are to carry food and munitions to liberty’s legions across the water. The great fleet that soon will find its way into the waters of the seven seas has need of 200,000 men. More than 80,000 of these with 12,000 officers must be found during 1918. And the entire number must be afloat by the end of the second year. There is need for every American who has ever had experience on the ocean. There isneed for every one who can become a sailor. And there will be need for cooks and cabin boys as well.

The new merchant marine will offer a place to every American youth in whose heart the love of adventure is implanted—and he will be rendering his country a vitally necessary service while searching out excitement and romance in the four corners of the earth.