---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3743'
image: umpire_1918_061.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' inside joke'
- ' baseball'
- ' poetry'
title: Let's Be Glad
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

LET’S BE GLAD

It always takes two to be glad.

Never forget that for one whole year you were a ten-year-old kid yourself. Yes, and most of us only remember the stone-bruise.

Don’t grouch. Smash a window or a chair, and get it over with. We wonder if the chap who gives this gratuitous advice ever heard of the First Block.

As we understand it, cigarettes are extremely hurtful to everyone except soldiers. Here’s another reason why our younger set should join the Army. 

Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. If that’s so we know a lot of people who will never make more than acquaintances.

“Curly’s” War Gardeners have petitioned the Government to be taken over as a body at the conclusion of the local planting season, and have offered, should their request be granted, to do all Pershing’s digging on the Western Front.

It is reported that Cap. Parker’s ball-players—who are practicing all over the lot, and sending cold chills down the backs of their prospective opponents by their expert volley firing-—have already decided just where they will hang the Pennant.

There is a rumor on the First Block that will not down, that a certain man-about-town did inveigle a well-known ‘‘Rube’’ into a “friendly” game of dominoes the other day, with the expectation of finding him an ‘‘easy- mark’’ but that the ‘‘Rube’’ turned out to be a Stinging Lizard, and the man-about- town lost everything but his job, ard is now on a still hunt for revenge.

The Ginger-cakes of the E. S. P.
Are as manna to my soul:
Sometimes I fear they’ll lure me back,
Should I go out on Parole.
The war-bread is a grievous thing;
The soup full oft they burn,
It’s the Ginger-bakes of the E. S. P
For which my soul doth yearn. 
The Ginger-cakes of the E. S. P.
They comfort me a lot;
At first I rebelled against my fate
But now I mind it not;
The pies that mother used to bake,
Are now but memories;
It’s the Ginger-cakes of the E.S. P.
—Have you an extra, please?