---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3747'
image: umpire_1918_062.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- France
- ' army'
- ' war'
title: Men Over Forty Among Bravest In French Army
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MEN OVER FORTY AMONG BRAVEST IN FRENCH ARMY

A correspondent writing from army headquarters somewhere in France, calls atten- tion to the splendid showing made by men past forty on the firing line. He says when it comes to heroism, ‘‘there is no question of being ‘to old at forty’ in the French army. This has been demonstrated time and again among the veteran regiments of the territorial army of France—the Second Reserve, the youngest of whose men when they were called to the colors in Alugust, 1914, had attained the age of 34, while the remainder ranged between that age and 41. Many of them, especially among the younger classes have since been transferred at their own request into the ranks of the active army, thus making the average age of these regiments much higher, while three years has been added to the age of all the men since they first put on their uniforms at their country’s call to arms.

“These territorial regiments, like our older comrades of the territorial army reserve— the third line—were not at the beginning of hostilities expected to go into the firing line with the younger soldiers of the active army and its first reserve. Since that time many things have changed and they have fought shoulder to shoulder with more youthful comrades and have proved themselves still to possess sterling value as warriors.

“The record of some of these regiments, entirely composed of men from Brittany, will serve to demonstrate how great is the part these soldiers of mature age have taken in the task of repelling the invader, in spite of the natural supposition that they had
passed the period of enthusiasm for deeds of valor.

“This regiment was mobilized together with the rest of the French forceson August 2, 1914. When the troops of the active army left to meet the invading Germans crossing neutral Belgium, this Breton territorial regiment was sent from its depots at Rennes and Saint-Malo to organize a garrison and possibly defend one of the sections of the entrenched camp encircling Paris. Four months it spent there digging trenches, fixing barbed wire entanglements, erecting gun emplacements and doing all the ardous labor connected with the establishment of strong military works.

“When the Germans had been driven back in the battle of the Marne they were placed in charge of a front line sector to the north-east of Rheims. Here they stayed . for twenty-eight months, constantly harassed by the enemy while they dug a great system of trenches, both of defense and communication, built blockhouses and concrete machine-gun positions, excavated rifle and grenade pits and generally organized the position.

“The greatest test of the soldierly qualities of these tough old warriors came when they were transferred to Auberive in March this year. They were attached to the famous fighting Foreign Legion and their duty was to do the pick and spade work aud keep the legionaries supplied with ammunition and food during the French offensive, which began on April 17, and at the same time to hold a line of trenches. When the Legion went forward on its victorious attack the Breton territorials were ordered to follow them up and extend the communication trenches and tracks across the conquered territory. They were not content with simply doing this very perilious work always under fire. They also took part by the side of the legionaries in the capture of Auberive, and a section of territorial grenadiers played a glorious role in the reduction of the small field fort of Vaudesincourt.

“Meeting a couple of these Bretons coming back with a batch of German prisoners, a French staff officer inquired of them where they had taken the captives and where they going, and received only a broad smile in reply. He was astonished at this apparent lack of discipline and was about to remonstrate when a German prisoner stepped forward and said: “Excuse me, sir,; but these men do not speak French. They are Bretons.” He gave the officer the information asked for and the convoy marched on.”