---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3755'
image: umpire_1918_063.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Egypt
- ' wheel'
- ' information literature'
- ' history'
title: Development Of The Wheel
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

DEVELOPMENT OF THE WHEEL

According to history the Egyptians are accredited the honor of first developing the wheel. With their tremendous job of building the Pyramids it is natural that they should be the first to invent skids and rollers. Then some genius found a way of attaching the rollers to the skids or platform and the first truck was born. Then came another genius who found a way of making wheels out of slices of tree trunks and of fastening these wheels solid to the axle, so that the wheels and axle turned together. The next step was to make the wheels loose on the axle, and this enabled the crude vehicle to turn corners.

The two-wheeled chariot, of which there is a record thousands of years before Christ, was among the first passenger vehicles. That it had spokes is proved in Homer’s Iliad— ‘‘Eight brazen spokes, the felloes were of gold secured with brazen tires all around, admirable to the sight.”

With the fall of Rome the wheel failed to develop for some hundreds of years. Then suddenly at the begining of the Seventeenth Century, both in England and on the Continent, many new types of vehicles, wagons and coaches began to appear. Oak was used as the spokes for the first wooden wheels. Elm was used for the hub, and an Englishman writes admirably of the early American buggy: ‘‘The four wheels were made so slender as to resemble a spider’s web.”