---
author: B-8266
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3758'
image: umpire_1918_064.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudeville'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

As there was no meeting of the Board of Delegates during the last week, the business is, naturally, mostly of a financial nature. Receipts of the Club in that period were ap- proximately as follows: from Circulating Library, $14.00; from sales, $5.25; commissions $0.90. Expenditures: paid to B 7648, for painting satin peices, $6.00; to Pres. R McKenty for paying fares of Minstrel Troupe, $2.00; to B 6567 for 11 scarf pins to fill order, $2.25; to B 5845 for making Delegates caps, $0.80; loan to B 7957, $2.00; magazine subscriptions, $6,00.

The Second Section had a very pleasant surprise on Saturday afternoon, when they came out expecting to find only Mr. Kraupa and Moving pictures—which was pleasant prospect enough—and withal, found in the course of the afternoon, that Miss Russell was on the job, as usual, and had provided a most excellent vaudeville bill for our further delight. Both Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa made little speeches, endeavoring to explain this; each blaming the other for the happy consummation; but they only succeeded in convincing us that we had two very good friends, indeed, and as modest as they are generous.

In the short interval that elapsed before Mr. Kraupa’s coming; and after the Band had regaled us with a fine musical number, torn off in Professor Weigandt’s best manner; B 8679 and B 8410 were induced to give the.audience an exhibition of their skill in the dance; and their efforts were so successful in reminding us of those dear old cabaret days, as to cause us to involuntarily look around for a waiter. The picture of the after- noon was a Triangle Film entitled, Madam Bo-Peep, and it was fine, arousing the audience to moments of wild enthusiasm as it neared its close. Mr. Kraupa has our taste in the matter of pictures gauged to a nicety, always giving us what we like; a mixture of high-society, so we can see how the other Half is supposed to live, and grumble there-at; and real Wild West, so that we can all be boys again at heart. Saturday’s presentation was just the right mixture.

Miss Angellotti gave us the second pleasing surprise of the day, by being present, and playing for the performers; relieving Jimmy our local ‘‘Music Master,” at the piano, where he has performed so well during the winter.

Mr. Bradley, comedian, opened the show very acceplably with song and dance. His topical song, relating the adventures of one “Bill Jones,’’ and his ‘‘Li’l ol’ Ford,” was very funny, and pleased the audience much. He closed with a patriotic number, ‘“What Will We Do With Him, Boys?’’ which leads us to suggest that we haven’t got him—yet. The discerning reader will of course understand that the ‘‘him’’ referred to is—Kaiser Bill, whom all good citizens hope to catch and whom all bad citizens dream of.

Miss Lillian Hale, the Girl from Dublin— personal direction of Miss Russell—was then good enough to yield to Miss Russell’s urging, and sing us an Irish song or two, and quite captured the hearts of her audience by her singing of “What else would you expect from a man named McCarty,’’ and others of like ilk. We are very much in Miss Hale’s debt for the pleasure given us. 

Mr. DeCano, and his trained dog Cora coming next on the program, made the “hits of the afternoon. To say Cora was well-trained is to put it mildly, she seemed possessed of a real intelligence, and Mr. DeCano is to be envied the possession of so valuable a “meal-ticket,” as he fondly named her. We feel sure that Cora was a better mathematician than many members of her audience, and for patriotism, she stands at the head of her class, hating the very name of Germany, as was proven to the entire satisfaction of the audience, when Mr. DeCano mentioned it in her hearing. We all hope Cora—and of course, her Master—will do us the favor of appearing again at some future day.

Baby Edna, the Infant Prodigy, foilowed, and made a very charming picture, in such style of dress as our grandmothers wore, as she sang her first number, "The Land of Long Ago.” Of her other songs, perhaps “Homeward Bound" was most appreciated by her hearers. Little Miss Edna, we tender to you the thanks of all, and with them our very best wishes for your success, and happiness. Mr. Proto, Violinist, closed the afternoon’s bill with a musical number, which was very well liked. His rendition of “There’s a Long, Long Trail,” and bis closing number, aspirited rendition of ‘‘Over There" were loudly applauded. We are glad Miss Russell refused to ‘‘come across’’ with that two dollars, and so kept him in the city to play for us.

—B 8266, Secretary.