---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '3761'
image: umpire_1918_065.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' games'
- ' score'
title: E.S.P. League Opens Baseball Season; Band Concert and Parade
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

E. S. P. LEAGUE OPENS BASEBALL SEASON; BAND CONCERT AND PARADE

Enthusiastic Opening of 1918 Season Ushered In by Music and Parade—Indications Point to Banner Year for League— Wealth of New Material Seen in the Line-ups

The official opening of the E. S. P. League took place on Monday afternoon amid elaborate ceremonies. To the strains of our famous band, headed by Professor Weigandt, the members of the four teams comprising the League, paraded around the entire Institution and finally came to a halt on their respective battlefields, whare the first game of the season was fought to a finish.

A member of the Board of Inspectors of this Institution, Mr. I. J. Horstmann, tossed the first ball over the plate on the Storehouse grounds, while Mr. Lafferty, aunother member of the Board, performed the same feat at the Garage grounds, and the games were on. Although slightly hampered by a lack of material, owing to the "War,” it is the belief of many that this season will see many a hard fought game in the E. S. P. League. Several of the old players have been ‘‘farmed out’’ and others were taken in the draft, but the wealth of new material that has arrived during the winter months may offset this condition and it is the belief of the writer that this year will see four strong teams on the diamond. "Chick,” the hustling manager of the Cub’s has quite a healthy looking aggregation and their playing on Monday gave signs of a promising ball team. The retired bead merchant, Barrington, who has taken over the Athletics for the 1918 season, seems to be a little weak on his pitching staff, but he claims to have several good men under observation and will spring a surprise on the League in the near future. Both the Printers and the Ninth have some very classy ball players on their roster but it is a little early in the season to make any predictions as to how they will shape up with the advent of real hot weather.

Now that the ball season is on it behooves each and every man, player or fan, to conduct himself in the proper manner while in attendance at the games. If the decisions of the “Ump’’ don’t suit you, just bite your lip and think it, don’t yell it, as that would only make matters more difficult and in the end you will gain nothing by it. The Pres. of the League will be found on either one of the two grounds, so if you have a kick coming, register it with Jake, that’s what he gets his salary for.

The following is the correct account of the initial games as seen through the eyes of "Scoop."

Several cleverly executed plays figured in the game at the Storehouse between the Cubs and the Ninth, which ended with the Ninth as the victor. The pitching of Harvey for the Ninth was a feature of the game and to him is due a great deal of credit for the final result, as the Ninth team is somewhat lacking in heavy hitters.

Chick had quite a number of rooters in the crowd and they did their best to pull the Cubs out of a tight hole on several ocecasions but the pitching of Harvey proved a barrier to all their efforts.

The score by innings was as follows—: : 1%, I8l E. Ninth 2:08320° 080 x5 5 1 Cubs OIS ORI =t 5 i

The game at the Garage grounds between the Athletics and the Printers was little less than a burlesque on baseball, as the Athletics made a very poor showing for their initial game of the season. Although their outfield played excellent ball the A’s could not see the horsehide when they went to bat and as a result the game ended without their having scored a run. It was a complete whitewash by the Printers and the rest of teams will certainly have to keep their eyes open when the knights of the ‘‘type and ink’’ are around as they appear to have a fast baseball aggregation in the Printing Office. B 7387 pitched the first half of the game for the Printers and the A’s had but one hit off him and fared little better off che delivery of B. 8810 who finished the game.

Charlie pitcted for the A’s and was hit frequently. The score by innings was as follows.

R H. E Printers A= ORAROEOS251 () 10 U Athletics OROE0R0S08 () & 0