---
author: Lend- A- Hand
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '3769'
image: umpire_1918_066.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- honor system
- ' prison reform'
- ' prison labor'
- ' Lend A Hand'
- ' penal press'
title: Honor System Makes Good
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR SYSTEM MAKES GOOD

A brief recently prepared for the Governor and the State Highway Commission of Missouri, preparatory to opening up road work by prisoners in that state, shows thal the honor system as applied in the ten states named, has been a success, despite the opposition of reactionaries.

Kansas: Honor camp of 25 to 30 men maintained for two years with but one escape during that time.

Oklahoma: Seven honor camps of 25 men each, in different parts of the state, established for over two years. Both long term and short term men are used; average of escapes less than three per cent.

Illinois: During the past four years this state has maintained five honor road camps of from 25 to 50 men each, with no escapes.

Colorado: Honor system is used exclusively in working 150 prisoners in five road camps: some of the camps are 300 miles away from the prison; percentage of escapes for bien- nial period is less than two per cent; 145 miles of road have been constructed in two years at a saving to the state of $465,000.

Arizona: Fifty prisoners maintained in camp under the honor system. Saved the state more than $30,000 on road construction in one year.

Massachusetts: Sixty prisoners areemployed in road building under the honor system, with no escapes since the system was inaugurated.

Montana: The honor system is used exclusively in working 250 men on roads, with average of escapes less than three per cent.

West Virginia: The honor system has been used successfully for four years in road camps. Statisties for past year shows a saving of 25 per cent. over work done by contract inother counties.

Wisconsin: Only two escapes within two years under the honor system, with 235 men employed in road construction.

Texas: Honor camp of 40 men was maintained for two years, with only two escapes in that time; 30 miles of road were constructed.

Oregon, Washington and New York arenot included in the list up for inspection, and all three of these states make just as good showing as any of the others. If success is measured only in percentage of escapes, then it can be said without possible contradiction that the honor system is a wonderful success.

More than 100 prisoners work outside our walls every day in the year (no gun guards) and during flax harvest there are barely enough men left inside to carry on the work necessary, kitchen, laundry etc. Of course there is an occasional escape but as a rule they are soon returned, especially if they commit more crime. If they continue in the straight and narrow, there is no great loss if they never come back. 

—Lend-A-Hand.