---
author: B-7387
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '3772'
image: umpire_1918_067.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Seen Through A Periscope
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SEEN THROUGH A PERISCOPE

The members of the Red Cross Auxiliary have organized a base-ball team, and while not members of the League, they have a mighty strong aggregation and are willing to accept games with any baseball nine that comes their way. Here’s a chance for the Washhouse.

War gardens are in abundance about the Institution and every fellow that has a few square feet of ground at his disposal is planting some brand of edibles. The spirit is fine fellows, but don’t let it wane under the rays of a torrid sun, as a number were inclined to do during the summer of last year.

Work will be started in the near future on the installment of a large wagon scale in front of the Storehouse. The contract has been let and the work will be completed by “home talent.” We trust that our friend the Storekeeper will hurry the project along and not hold up our ball games any longer than is absolutely necessary.

Postcards received from Frank Tees,; who in company with Frank Tucker, former employees of this Institution, but now with the Ambulance-Corps, ‘‘Somewhere in France,” state that they are both well and enjoying life in the Army. Both of these fellows have a host of friends who will be pleased to learn of their doing’s ‘‘Over There.”

“Jimmie’’ Johnson, the genial clerk in the front office, and who recently closed his desk to exchange his pen for a gun, is now stationed at Camp Meade, Md., and writes that he enjoys life in the Army. If ‘‘Jimmie” can send leaden pellets over ‘‘No Man’s Land’’ as fast as he could send his fingers over the typewriter, we feel mighty sorry for the enemy.

Capt. Vincent A. Carroll, of the 304th. Ammunition Train, stationed at Camp Meade Md., was pumbered among our visitors during the p.ast week, and shook hands with a number of his old clients. Capt. Carroll, will be remembered as a well-known member of the Philadelphia Bar, who recently embarked upon the Holy sea of matrimony, and the best wishes of all the boys go with him to his duty ‘‘Over There.”

Everywhere about the Institution one will see signs of spring housecleaning. Blocks and Galleries are busily engaged in the art of whitewashing. The Warden’s office is undergoing a thorough renovation and is being repainted. Even the league baseball that reposes on the mantlepiece received a new coat of gilt and its casing a coat of white lead. “Bill,” the smiling janitor of the Parole department has donned his dusting cap and is busily engaged in cleaning out the archives of that department. 

—B 7387.