---
author: B-8266
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '3776'
image: umpire_1918_068.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' vaudeville'
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meeting of April 9th, the following ex-members were reinstated B 6771, 5310, new members: B 7064, 9125, 9112; 9114, 9122, 9111, 9105, 9113, 9108, 9104, 9110, 6936, 9102, 9109, 9101, 9107, 9106, 9120, 9126, 9116, 9119, 9115, 9118, 9117, 9121, 6924, T064— 15¢, 9125—50¢, 9112—25¢;

Treasurer’s Report showed a Balance of $130.78 in Treasury on March 3lst. B 7784 new Delegate from 5th Gallery presented to the Board of Delegates by the Chairman, and appropriately welcomed.

Expenditures for week ending April, 13th, Magazine Subscriptions, $19.65. to John Wanamaker for Two Sets of Quoits,and Pencils, $5.55. Loan to B 7626, Receipts, Donations $1.05; Sales $1.00; Circulating Library receipts $6.25.

Now that the Season of shows has ended, and the Yard will be the habitat of the Club of a Saturday afternoon for the next few months, it behooves the members to be getting in readiness for such Outings. Let the Blocks and Galleries owning Flags, Banners, Gonfalons, etc., duly laundered, and furbished up, that they may not insult the breeze, as they proudly wave therein; and the members, personally, should do a few simple leg exercises to strengthen them for those few laps about the Institution; and there is an unconfirmed rumor that the First Block has been observed secretly drilling by moonlight, with the intent of carrying off first marching honors this year as last.

It is your cue when the bugle blows to fall in line at positions marked by your Block Number on the wall placards, and march to your cells in order. The honor of the Club is in your hands, and it is up to you to strenghten it, or weaken it, and we hope that you will choose to do the first.

To the First Section fell the honor of attending the last Show of the Season, and verily, it was some show. Mr. Kraupa had a War Picture, entitled ‘‘The Paws of The Bear,’’ which aroused the enthusiasm of the audience to a fighting pitch, and we don’t doubt won so potential volunteers for Uncle Sam; while Miss Russell had apparently combed the ranks of her Stars for material wherewith to brighten up an otherwise cheerless and depressing day, and before that show was over the audience had forgotten all about the return of Winter, and had Spring- time in their hearts, at least.

The Franklin Kids opened the bill with an Act which was really a ‘‘Headliner.” These talented children are certainly chips of the old block, as anyone who has seen Benny Franklin of Dumont’s Minstrels can testify, and the smallest Miss Franklin was really a whole show in her own person, and is the very incarnate spirit of fun. While her elder sister was a very excellent performer and pleased the audience with her singing, the Bill, it was the little maid who captured all hearts and whom we were exceedingly loath to see depart.

Mr. Riley, Comedian, followed with songs, and dance, and joking and was excellent in all lines. May Belle, who seemed possessed of a positive genius for extracting a high grade of harmony from the most unlikely looking instruments. In our opinion she could have rendered the “Angel’s Serenade’’ on an ordinary door-bell. Her singing of some ‘‘darky’’ folk-songs, to a banjo accompaniment was highly appreciated.

Mr. Oscar Kane, of the Bijou Theater, was next, and contributed a real novelty to the Bill; and one popular with the audience. The Hall was darkened, and ap- propriate Pictures flashed on the Screen, while Mr. Kane sang ‘‘Over There,” and “Homeward Bound,’’ the audience joining in the chorus. ‘‘Over There,” the boys didn’t find a bit difficult, and they sang it with a vim, but the chorus of ‘‘Homeward Bound’’ wasn’t so easy, and even our President had trouble with the tune, while ‘‘Pete’’ quit at the end of the third line, andsang ‘‘la-de-dah’’ from thence onward. We are in Mr. Kane’s debt for a very pleasing novelty.

Mr. Chas. Leonard, Comedian, returned to favor us once more with a collection of side-splitting jokes, and a song or two, and a recitation. Mr. Leonard, like olives, improves with acquaintance. The Jones Musical Family—as Miss Russell announced them, the whole darn family—Papa, Mamma, Miss Jones, and the Masters Jones, closed in a musical ‘‘turn’’ which included solo, duo, trio, and a grand finale 'in which all participated. Again it was the youngest member who appealed most to the favor of the audience, and the youngest Master Jones must have been pleased with the enthusiastic reception accorded his efforts to entertain us. But, indeed we liked them all, and would gladly have have heard them longer, had not Mr. Jones explained that it was imperative that they catch a train.

At the close of the Vaudeville Bill, Vice-President A 8432, read from the Stage, a Resolution of appreciation from the Board of Governors of the H. F. C. of the work of Miss Russell, and Mr. Kraupa, and presented them in name of the Club, with a Beaded Hand-Bag, and an Inlaid Humidor, respectively; each returning a few words of thanks, and an assurance of their continuing sym- pathy, and service; tho Mr. Kraupa tossed a orenade into our trenches by announcing that Miss Russell was thinking sericusly of accepting an Australian offer. Of course our loss will be Australia’s gain, but we don’t love Australia so much as that. Standing votes of thanks were then tendered to Miss Russell, Mr. Kraupa, Miss Angellotti, for her kindness in sacrificing her time to play for us, and to B 7251 (Jimmy) for doing the game thing; and then with everybody in the best of humors, it was agreed to call it a Day, 

—B 8266, Secretary.