---
author: B-6680
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '3778'
image: umpire_1918_069.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK 

Wednesday's Games

Printers vs Althetics
The Printers proved that they are some ball players by shutting out the Althetics, to the tune of 13—0 in a four inning game. Mack pitched for the Printers; striking out 8, walking none, allowing no hits. Charlie No.2 pitched for the Athletics, striking out 4, walking 6 and allowing 13 hits. Charlie was hit up for 3 doubles and 10 singles, and he surely was in poor shape. Feature of the game was Mack’s pitching and 2 two-base hits.

R. H. E. Printers 1480 JRE I ] v Athletics 000x 0 0 0
Umpire—Jimmy. 

Cubs vs. Ninth
In to-days game between the Cubs and the Ninth, the Cubs turned on the Ninth by a score of 9-2. Old Jim pitched for the Cubs striking out 10, walking 1, allowing 5 hits. B8900 pitched three innings for the Ninth striking out 1, walking 1, allowing 4 hits. Harvey then went in the box for the Ninth, striking out 6, walking 2, and allowing 5 hits. Feature of game was Pat’s home run and Chick’s 3 base hits, also Shud’s double play.

R: H. E. Cubs 311000202 9 9 0 Ninth 01000100x 2 5 2
Umpire—Jacoby. Friday’s Games

Printers vs. Athletics
Once more the Printers proved victorious over the Athletics. It seemed as though they could hit the ball when and where they wished, as they reaped 10 hits to the Athletics 3, and the score was 4-2 in the Printers favor. B 8810 pitched for the Printers, striking out 8, walking 4 and allowing 3 hits. The Athletics did some very poor fielding to allow the Printers to get as many hits. Charlie was in bad form. He struck out 4, walked none, but was touched up for 10 hits. Only feature of the game was a two base-hit by Himaulin in the 3d inning.

R. H. E. 
Printers 2 0 1 0 1 4 10 1
Athletics 1 0 0 1 2 3 1
Umpire—Jimmy. 

Ninth vs. Cubs 
To-days game between the Cubs and Ninth was something of a circus. For the Cubs it seemed as though they could not see the and made a couple of errors and one pretty bad over-throw that cost 2 runs in the 4th "frame." Mooney pitched 5 innings for the Cubs, striking out 7, walking 3 and allowing 4 hits. Old Jim then went in the box in the 6th and last inning, striking out 1, walking 1, allowing 1 hit. The Ninth held the Cubs to but one hit, one run, with two double plays to their credit, the score of 6-1 being in their favor. Features of the game were two double plays, by Clark in 1st inning and Andy in 2nd inning.

R. H. E. Ninth 1= 18153 2020 6 5 0 Cubs 1207080020 1 1 25

Monday’s Games

Printers vs. Ninth
Monday’s Game at Garage Grouuds. The Game between the Printers and Ninth was a swat-fest from the start for the Printers, they amassing 12 hits from Spookie’s delivery, while Mack who held the mound for the Printers allowed but 5 hits and compiled a record of 9 strike-outs, walking two. Feature of the game was Clark’s unassisted double-play in the 3d.

R. 18k, E. Printers 10610 8 12 0 Ninth O©I120 3 5 1
Umpire—Fred. 

Cubs vs. Athletics
Todays game between the Cubs and Ath- letics was the best game of the present season. The Athletics played Big League ball with three double plays to their credit, while the Cubs had one double, but their 3 two base hits made them the victors to the tune of 4-2.

R I5Es E. Cubs 100011100 4 T 0 Athl2sP S 0HS020-050-0-110 + 2 5 0 
Umpire—Joe Smith.

— B 6680. 

Capt. Parker’s Team Wins Again
On Saturday afternoon Capt. Dutton’s team went down to defeat before Capt. Parker’s Ball Tossers by the score of 17 to 5. The feature of the game was the hitting of McCaughan, McLaughlin and Fritz who each had 4 hits and the home run of Abe Schall.

The members of the League extend their thanks and appreciation to the members of Captain Parker’s baseball team for their kindness in permitting the E.S.P. League to use their gloves and bats. We will be pleased to reciprocate whenever they may afford the opportunity.