---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '3787'
image: umpire_1918_070.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Hog Island
- ' Philadelphia'
- ' employment'
title: Hog Island
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOG ISLAND

So many men from here have gone, or have, at least, expressed their intention of going, to Hog Island to work, that the following bit of information concerning employment, and living conditions at that great Government Plant, will undoubtedly be of interest to our readers:

“Every man must go through a careful examination, physical and otherwise, before he is put to work. He is made to undress to the skin, and given a bath, a haircut and a shave. He then goes to the doctor, who examines him thoroughly. In the meantime, his clothes have been washed and put through a rapid-drying process so quickly that by the time he is through they are given back to him, sterlized and perfectly clean. The wages are high, with extra pay for overtime.

“The new arrangements for housing the men are now under way. An industrial city will be erected within a mile of the plant and comfortable quarters will be given at a reasonable rate. At present there are barracks for something like 5,000 men. The remainder of the force live in Philadelphia and go back and forth on the ferries, motor busses, electric roads or trains.

“The army of laborers increases and decreases in size according to the weather and other conditions. I have before me the record of a day when 25,000 men were employed. At that time there were more than 3,200 carpenters, 2,000 pile drivers, 700 electricians and about 400 pipe-fitters and plumbers. There were about 11,000 common laborers.

"I had my lunch in one of the mess halls where these thousands of men are fed every day, and then went into the butcher shop and bakery connected with the establishment, and inspected the kitchen, where a dozen cooks in white caps and aprons were working at long ranges and great steam cookers.

“The mess hall is separated from the kitchen by a counter, and the men, having bought their meal tickets outside, come in single file. As each passes the counter he is given a tray much like the black tin waiter used in the restaurants. This tray contains his full meal, which he carries with him to one of the tables and eats at his leisure. There is no delay. The meals are hinded out so rapidly that one man is served every five seconds and several thousands are eating at one time. I examined a meal on a tray. It consisted of a bowl of soup from which the steam arose, a generous portion of fish, two mealy potatoes, stewed corn and pudding. There were also bread, butter and crackers. It looked appetizing and the price was 30 cents.

“A man can live here for $1 per day. This means 30 cents for each three meals and 10 cents per night for a bed in the barracks. If he wants to save on his meals he can make the cost even less. There are canteens and lunch counters where one can buy sandwitches or other snacks, such as a herring and crackers and cheese. These are sold at country grocery store prices.’’