---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '3788'
image: umpire_1918_071.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Seen Through A Periscope
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SEEN THROUGH A PERISCOPE

Capt. Dutton, is busily engaged in his off-hours in doing a little farming in Delaware County and if you want to hear ‘‘Al’’ talk, just say something about spuds or onions, and you will know all about the art of tilling the soil before he is through with you.

We have it on very good authority that “Bill” the smiling chauffeur has joined the ranks of the Benedicts. When pressed for a statement on this report he smiled and replied that it was true. Congratulations old man and may your voyage upon the seu of matrimony be a happy one.

The Red Cross Baseball nine handed a severe defeat to the ‘‘birds’’ of the E. S. P. Choir. It seems that the Nurses were in great shape and piled up a total of fourteen runs on the boys of the silver throats. This fast aggregation is anxiously awaiting a challenge from the ‘‘Washhouse.”

The residents of avenue 9 certainly do have their troubles. They recently secured a purchaser for the owner of a screechy graphaphone, and were happy in the thought that silence would again reign, when along comes the bugle squad to live in our street. Five bugles all going at once, make some sound.

Ed., the gardener of the Tubercular Ward deserves a great deal of credit for the fine showing he has made with his truck patch. Everything is in fine shape and the onions seem to leap upward over night. Small signs are posted in conspicuous places about the garden urging the inmates of the ward to be clean and not throw refuse about the yard.

Don’t you love to meet the fellow in the yard who always is suffering from a severe attack of the ‘‘lemme’s” and the ‘‘gimme’s.” If it doesn’t happen to be tobbaco, it is matches or ‘‘papers,” or some other thing that he is in need of. This kind of a pest in conjunction with the fellow who has left his smoking’s’’ in the cell, should be sent to some far off distant land, from which there is no returning.

To those who think that the fellows on "Cherry Hill’’ are not doing their "bit’’ towards winning the War, we would ask them to peruse the contents of the March issue of the “‘American Red Cross’’ printed by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Chapter, of which our Auxiliary is a member. The following is a clipping from a recent issue of the “American Red Cross.” ‘‘Anxiliary No. 169, consisting of prisoners of the Eastern Penitentiary, are turning out 500 pairs of socks and cleaning and soaking 3% bales of oakum daily. Their motto is: "All Red Cross work solicited.”