---
author: B-8266
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '3792'
image: umpire_1918_072.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' croquet'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Two ex-members, B 8300, and B 7940, were re-instated during the week, and one new member B 5795, admitted. Receipts for the week were; from sales $4.00; from Circulating Library, $2.00. Expenditures: B 8301, Loan, $5.00; B 5238, .Loan, $2.00; B 7890, Loan, $3.00; B 6817, Loan, $2.00; B 7100, Loan, $2.00;B 5502, Loan, $2.00; Magazine Subscriptions, $6.00.

The Croquet-grounds of the Club were opened during the week, with all ceremony, “Pete’’ tossing out the first ball, and missing every wicket; and from now on until cold weather comes again, the aged, middle-aged, and infirm Shut-ins of our number will be able to enjoy this pleasant and healthful recreation twice, or thrice a week. The younger inmates must remember that these Grounds are primarily for the use of the older men, and only after 10.30 A.M. and 3.00 P.M. will the younger element be welcome on these grounds. Anyone invading them before these hours will run a serious risk of being excommunicated.

The weather was the only fly in the ointment on Saturday last; up to the last minute it was uncertain whether the Hall, or the Yard would be the gathering place of the Club for its weekly half-holiday; but at 12 o’clock the President was definitely informed that Mr. Kraupa, and his warriors of the Film and Screen were coming in, with the intention of contesting the Championship of the Garage Ball-grounds with the Club gladiators, and hurried preparations were made to meet them.

It would have been a pallid afternoon, had not Mr. Kraupa and his associates of the Monarch Film Exchange, et al; enlivened it by their brave fight against overwhelming odds—we say overwhelming; for wasn’t ‘‘Jake” Umpiring, and wasn’t “Rube’’ playing first base, right at "Jakes" elbow, and—but surely it isn’t necessary for me to reveal the whole secret of our success.

Yep, the visitors were ‘‘slaughtered’’ to make an E. S. P. Holiday, but we are forced to admit that they died game; while even their wounded clamored for re-admittance to the fray, after their wounds, clothes, and tempers had been temporarily repaired at our Base Hospital. We particularly admired the nerve of one youthful warrior who made an involuntary slide to first, and rose with enough of that base adhering to prominent parts of his person to entitle him to the use of it—on the well-known principle that posession is nine points of thelaw—but the “Ump” obedient to ‘‘Rube’s’’ nod, ruled against him— you see, ‘‘Rube’’ was playing that base, and didn’t intend to be deprived of it, and the young man’s heroism was all in vain.

Mack opened on the mound for the H. F. C. All Stars, and scared Bins, of the visitors, into blundering into one of his inshoots, thus making him a present of first base, much to Rube’s disgust; Mr. Bins proved to be in the right place by stealing third on a wild throw, and Lynch, the third man up, brought him home on a ‘‘Sacrifice.” Lucky tried to make a start for the H. F. C. in its half of the inning, but went to sleep between 2nd and 3d and perished miserably. Mack repeated his offensive in the visitors half of the second frame and hit Swigert, first man up for the visitors, who brought in the second run, and seemed as proud of it as if it was the Kaiser. It was then that the H. F. C. boys woke up, and Barney lined out a single, which he quickly developed into a run; and that proved to be the beginning of the slaughter. Lucky looked upon Barney’s work, and found it good, and coming to the plate, in the 3rd, smacked the first ball squarely on John K. Tener’s signature, and knocked it over the 6th Block into the fountain, whence it was rescued by ‘‘Pete,” all wet and dripping; while Lucky make a leisurely circuit of the bases, stopping to chat with some friends en route. This quite broke the hearts of the visitors, and they never were the same again getting but one more run in the 7th round, when Steve, their redoubtable catcher, made himself solid with his friends by a brave attempt to stem the tide of defeat.

Meanwhile in the 5th, Mack not content with his batting laurels, became irritated when a ball passed him without speaking, and walloped the next one on the nose, nearly knocking it through the 6th Block roof, while he made a wild circuit of the bases, knocking over an innocent by-stander, or two, in his progress, but as the result was worth the damage, nobody complained. Feeling that he had done his little ‘‘bit’’ for “home,” and friends, Mack then retired, and Harvey took his place on the mound, and if any of the visitors should happen to go to France, they will be already familiar with a bombardment, for Harvey’s ‘‘barrage’’ was so effective that only one man succeeded in getting through for a run. ‘‘Murphy’’ tried his blandishments on him, and 1t is reported, offered him a free pass to.all the M. P. Theatres in town, for the rest of the year, if he’d let up a bit, but Harvey only grinned, and shot ’em over. They even tried the effect of "Charlie Chaplin” on 3d, in the hope that Harvey might be induced to laugh at a critical moment, and he did get a bit wild in the last inning, walking two, and having the bases full, but the last man up, fanned, and the casualty list was so frightful that it finished the game. Score 10—3.

Mr. Kraupa would’t talk for publication after the game, but he was heard to say something about sending some of his youngsters back to the bushes for further training. Better luck next time, Mr. Kraupa, and here’s hoping it will be soon, for it sure was an enjoyable afternoon.

—B 8266, Secretary.