---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '3793'
image: umpire_1918_072.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classfieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable priceé and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

TEACHING—Mandolin and Guitar; 50c per month. B 7065, 1st Block.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs. See B 8327 8th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B. 

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B. 

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin. Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block. 

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block. 

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S. and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call, B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni- ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B. 

B 8361, 11th Block, offers to furnish material to make bead purses, to good workers, as agreed, and divide the proflts. Applicants send number to 11th Block.

FOR SALE-—Fine line of womens’ mesh-knit hand bags in many different colors. Price $1.00. B 5396, 12-1st Gallery.

FOR SALE—Bead watch Fobs. Any design made to order. Also stock on hand. Work guaranteed. B 8096, 8097, 10th Block.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames. All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block. 

FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit, $2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse- hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs on hand. Special designs made to order by expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

LOST—Fountain pen Return to B8763, 6 Gal. 

FOR SALE—Violin. Good make. Terms reasonable. B 8098, 1st Block.

POEMS and short stories grammatically corrected and punctuated. Appropriate charges. B 7871, 12-2nd Gallery.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B, 

FOR SALE—Ladies’ bags;new style. Cheap. Also have a ladie’s guitar. B 5449, 1 Block. 

PUT YOUR order in now for Mother’s Day post cards. Painted on white satin, 15c each. No orders taken after May 6th. B 7648, 7 G.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen at 5¢ a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B. 

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821, 8th Block.