---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: ''
id: '3794'
image: umpire_1918_073.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' standing'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Ninth vs. Printers
The Ninth surprised the Printers by handing them their first defeat of the season in Wednesday’s game, and Harvey was the reason. He struck out 16 men, and allowed but three hits, and the Printers will probably mispell his name after this. Bobbie, who covered the mound for the Pressman had the ball under perfect control, but he couldn’t control the Ninth, who found him for 8 singles.

150 131 E. Ninth EOR2E0R0S 0N MEE3 8 0 Printers 0000100 1 2 1

Mack’s double play was a noble feature of the game, 2 baggers, by Johnny, Reds, Paddy, and Himmel.

Umpire—Jacoby.

Athletics vs. Cubs
The Athletics and the Cubs fought it to a tie Wednesday evening,and according to the claims made, the whistle saved both sides. Charlie No. 1 pitched the first 5 innings for the A’s, and walked 2, and allowed 3 hits. Saxophone relieved him but couldn’t improve upon his work. Mooney pitched for the Cubs, giving 3 free passes, and having 6 hits made off his delivery.

R. 5L, E. A’s 0300000 3 6 0 Bubs ¥210°0°0°0:0-1 3 4 0

The big feature of the game was Saxophone’s gallant attempt to hita passing aeroplane in the 7th frame.

2 baggers by Williams; Saxophone, 2;D.C. Strike-outs: by Moony, 5; Charlie, 3; Sax’ 3.

Umpire—Joe Smith.

Thursday’s Game
Cubs vs. Athleties Wednesday’s tie-game between the Cubs and Athletics was decided on Thursday evening, and the A’s proved helpless against the stone-wall defense of the former team; altho they reached the A’s pitcher for three 2-baggers, and five singles, not a man of them reached home-plate

R H: E. Cubs 280 100°1L 1 5 4 0 Athletics 000000 0 S 3 

2 Baggers by B. 8720-2 Baltimore 1. Struck out by Bud, 3; by Chick, 6, for Cubs; by Charlie, 4; by Banks, 1; for A’s Umpire—Joe Smith.

Friday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics
The Cubs administered another lacing to the A’s in Friday evening’s game. Saxophone, who covered the mound for the A’s, was in a generous mood, and walked 3, hit 1 and allowed 9 hits. As if it wasn’t enough to defeat any ball team, Banks, Josh and Lavender each helped out with an error, and there you are.

R. 15l E. Cubs 4120150 8 9 1 Athllse 1.0:1°0:271 5 7 3 8 

3 Baggers, by Chick and Louie. 2 Baggers, by Lucky, D.C., Baltimore, Josh, Williamport—2 Struck out, by Chick, 7; by Saxophone, 3
Umpire—Joe Smith.

Printers vs. Ninth
The Printers applied a handsome coating of kalsomine to the Ninth, on Friday evening, with the powerful aid of Jacoby, who allowed but 8 hits, striking out 7, and positively refusing to issue a free pass. pitched a good game for the Ninth, with 12 strike-outs, and but 38 hits to his credit; but “‘Rube’’ played first base again, and ‘‘que voulez vous?’’ as our Allies would say.

R sk E. Printers NS 02020 2 3 0 Ninth 000000 0 4 0

Umpires—Murphy and Bill McKenty. 

Monday’s Games

Ninth vs. Athletics
Monday’s game between the Ninth and Athletics surely was some slugging match with the Ninth’s 13 hits and the Athletics 11 hits, but the Ninth won out with a score of 8-7. Spookie pitched for the Ninth walking 1 and allowing 11 hits. Lavender pitched for the Athletics walking 5 and allowing 13 hits.

s Sl Ninth 004400 P B | Athletics 30130 Al 2

Umpire—Murphy. 

Printers vs. Cubs
Monday’s game between the Cubs and Printers went the full nine rounds for each team and wound up in a tie. Mooney pitched for the Cubs, walking 2, allowing 2 hits, and giving two free passes. Mack pitched for the Printers, walking 2, allowing 4 hits, and issuing one free pass.

RS HvE Cubs 0207021 020 0 GE0hE] <= 4 =¥ Printers OR0=0E9R0°01 = 080 1 S 2D

Umpire—Jimmy.