---
author: New Era
day: '1'
editor: ''
id: '3802'
image: umpire_1918_074.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- honor system
- ' prison labor'
- ' New Era'
- ' penal press'
title: Honor System Vindicated
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR SYSTEM VINDICATED

A radical innovation in prison routine has just been introduced by Warden Sam Morley of the Oklahoma State Penitentiary.

Thirty prisoners were assigned to work on the grounds surrounding the capitol building. They are engaged in plowing, filling and grading the grounds. They are working hard and faithfully eight hours a day. They work without balls, chains and guards. Many of these men are lifers, others are serving ten, twenty and forty years. Among them are men who were convicted of murder, highway robbery, and other crimes punishable by the severest penalties.

Warden Morley placed each man strictly on his honor. In reminding these men of the trust he was reposing in them, among other things posted up at their quarters is the following: "I am in hopes that all will work honestly and cheerfully. Since you are going to be under the surveillance of virtually every state official at the capitol, I want to see you make good. It means a good deal for you to make good on this occasion. One prisoner failing to do his duty might cause the entire camp to be criticised. I want you to prove to all that prisoners can be trusted and that they can and will render service as effectively as free men.”

How did these thirty men respond to the trust reposed in them?

The fact that the warden has just granted them still larger liberty by giving them the freedom of the capitol city from 7:30 to 10 o’clock each Saturday night is the best answer to that question.

For two and one half hours each Saturday night the men are permitted to do as they please. They may go to the theatres, ‘‘movies,’’ stroll up and down the streets, or go shopping without let or hindrance. They are not allowed to visit pool rooms, dance halls, hotels, rooming houses or places of questionable character, nor carry fire-arms nor use intoxicating liquors. 

—New Era.