---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: ''
id: '3806'
image: umpire_1918_075.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' news'
title: News And Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

The Post Office Department has ruled that chickens may be sent thru the mails. Gee!

3776 men will be the quota of this State in the Draft call to be made next month. Wonder when they’ll get round to us.

Repeated earthquake shocks shake up all Southern California. We’re waiting to hear the “wets’’ claim it’s because Los Angeles went ‘‘dry.”

Charlie Chaplin has been drafted, and will probably be called in June. Well, if the Huns do. anything to Charlie, we’re going to get real angry at them.

From an American soldier’s letter to his mother—‘‘I had a bullet in my side, and one in the back, but I did not fall until the battle was over.” Somebody please read that to the Kaiser.

Belgium is breadless, and all shipments of wheat to our Allies have been suspended for ten days while 3,000,000 bushels are being rushed to that starving country. Well, they can have our share.

British pull off a Hobson stunt, and bottle up the German submarine bases, by sinking some half dozen hulks in the channels leading into Zeebrugge and Ostend. The British lion seems to be waking up.

Ohio orders all vagraants, and tramps, arrested on sight, and unfeelingly put to work. The horrors of the Inquisition were nothing to this. We can see Weary Willie cutting Ohio off his visiting list.

The War Department has put the German prisoners-of-war, held at Forts Oglethorpe and McPherson, in Georgia, to work at building roads. Which is almost enough to make us wish we were a German prisoner.

40,000 men are wanted at once for the Marine Corps, its enlisted strength having been increased to 75,500; at the same time the Navy personnel is to be increased to 223,000. How would you like to have your choice?

Practically all Steel Companies raised the wages of their employes 15 per cent on April 15. Average pay of a common laborer isnow 38 cents an hour. Don’t you think you could bear the disgrace of being a C. L. for such wage?

“Germans strike hard at American Front” — News item. And did we strike back? Oh! no, certainly not! We turned the otber cheek, as is evidenced by the dispatch going on to state that our loss was about 200, to an estimated German loss of 400.