---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: ''
id: '3814'
image: umpire_1918_076.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate meeting of April 23, the following were admitted to membership in the Club: B 9127, 9129, 9130, 9131, 9132 9133, 9134—10c; 9135, 9138, 8427, The report of the Treasurer showed a balance of $170.08 in the Club Treasury. The resignation of B 5165 as Delegate for the 5th Block, accepted with regret. B 8976 was appointed to fill the vacancy; and B 7998 appointed for the 7th Gallery, and B 5936 for the 12-1 Gallery during the week. Receipts for the week were, from the sale of waste rags, $38.37; from Circulating Library, $8.25; Donations, $5.10; Sales of muslin for caps, T5c; Expenditures: Horlacher Auto Service, for bringing Mr. Kraupa to Institution, $1.00; Central News Co. for Periodicals, $2.63; B 3079, for work, $4.20; Loan to B 6469, $5.00.

The boys of the First Section had their chance in the Yard on Saturday, and the weather being on its good behavior, they had a very pleasant afternoon’s outing. Vice-President, A 8432, was Grand Marshal of the parade, and the Order of the Day was “twice around,” and a gallant showing the boys made; from the Officers of the Club, in full regalia who headed the line, followed by the Band, by “Curly’s” ‘Invincibles,” in full panoply of war, then the Croqueteers, and following, the Blocks and Galleries in order, with the 1st Block acting as rear-guard, but if good marching counts for anything in the Club’s young life, those boys will head the line next time, for they marched as tho that causeway was the road to Berlin, and they had a pressing engagement with the Kaiser. All the while the Band tooted its loudest, the Bugle Corps blew itself black in the face; the Warden viewed the marching column with a proud, and proprietary smile from the “Reviewing Stand,” and what more could you ask to make it a Perfect Day?

Base—Ball
Mr. Kraupa, and his ball-tossers of the M. P. Industry were with us again, and it was whispered, were looking for revenge, if that was what they took home with them, we don’t yearn to revenge ourselves on anybody at all. We hesitate to speak of the Score, as we don’t care to be thought absolutely heartless, but in strictest confidence, and without thought of levity, we will say that it was something like 13 to 1, and that in 5 innings.

Rube held down his old job as First base-man, but Jake took an active part in the game, officiating in left field, leaving the Umpire’s job to “Curly’’ who dealt out an even-handed justice which should keep him in Fatimas for months to come. The E. S. P. came first to bat, and after the smoke had quite cleared away, it was discovered that we had 4 runs to our credit. In the visitors half, Mangold came first to the bat, and lined out a grounder which Jake seemed to be chary of accepting, presenting Mr. Mangold with 1st base; Herb following, shot two window-panes out of the Garage with one ball, and Harvey, to save that useful building from entire destruction, turned him over to Rube’s care: only to cruelly nail him a second later at 2d, a little habit of Harvey’s of which he seems unable to break himself. Klang was also passed on to Rube, and stole 2d, but Haws, next man up, busted one on the trade-mark, and it sailed gracefully over the wall, and ‘‘Curly’’ said ‘“You’re out!” just like that; and they all were.

The only difference between the first, and second innings was that the E. S. P. improved on their first performance, and made 6 runs, and after that it was all over but the condolences. Mr. Kraupa was forced to turn away, he couldn’t bear to witness the slaughter. It was in this inning that Rube distinguished himself by sending up an ‘‘observation balloon’’ that brought in a run, and proved the beginning of one for his very own, but that was his last contribution to the glorious victory, after that he whiffed with a mournful regularity that must have been highly gratifying to Herb, the visitor’s pitcher.

With the score standing at 10—0, some compassionate ‘‘bleacherite” yelled ‘‘Give them a chance,’’ and Harvey was taken out; having done his deadly work, and Bobby took his place on the firing-line, while the boys slowed up a bit, only amassing two, or three more runs, that they might keep from entirely stagnating. In our half of the 3d, no runs were made, an inadvertence which no one seemed able to explain, and the visitors came to bat with high hopes that our winning streak was over. But alas! for the vanity of human wishes, this was real, and not ‘‘reel’’ life, and virtue didn’t get a thing. Doyle popped out ‘‘pronto’’ Jake to Rube, Sam sat down on orders from Curly, Starkman started, but was ‘‘pinched with the goods’’ by Rube at first, and Curly haughtily waved him back to the trenches. Curly had a way with him Saturday, that the visitors found very compelling.

The visitors came to the bat in the 4th, with a ‘‘do or die’’ air, that threatened trouble for us, but see what happened. Mangold broke the ice with a ‘‘one reeler" which looked as big as a “feature’’ to him, Herb tried hard to start something, but Curly coldly told him he was ‘‘Out;’’! Klang slammed one up ageinst the wall, but Harvey was on the job, and picked it off as neatly as tho it were a ripe tomato, Haws was now wise to this three-cushion carom effect, and bounced one off the wall, that scored Mangold, and saved the day, if not the situation. With the E. S. P. feeling thoroly satisfied with its work, and the visitors happy that they had escaped the threatened disgrace of a kalsomining, the remainder of of the game was on the ‘‘Batter up!, batter out!’’ order. The visitors never rallied again.