---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: ''
id: '3816'
image: umpire_1918_077.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Ninth vs. Athletics
Wednesday’s game between Ninth and Athletics was a swat-fest from start fo finish, the Ninth amassing a total of 16 hits out of 28 times up and so startling the A’s by their extraordinary show of activity, that they conceded them the game, their only show of annoyance being a double play by Williamsport and another by Saxophone, which netted them 2 runs.

R. H. E. Ninth 3013100 8 16 1
A’s 110000 2 4 1
Umpire—Murphy. 

Printers vs. Cubs
If to err is human, then the Cubs in today’s game showed themselves very human guys indeed; for the most of the Printers runs were made on errors, and free passes, which were issued almost on demand by Mooney and Bud. ‘‘Jake’’ distinguished himself by intercepting a hot liner and catching Andy asleep off 3rd. Results, one double play for “Jake.’’ Barney did the same thing in the Tth. when he captured Bud’s pop-fly, and assssinated Slick on hls way to 3rd.

R. ek E. 030 4 3 0 QUL () oe2 5 3
Printers 00 0 1 Cubs 0000 
Umpire—Curly. 

Tuesday’s Game

Cubs vs. Printers
The Cubs and Printers settled Monday’s tie on Tuesday evening. In what was a most exciting game, the Cubs finally triumphed, and left the Printers disconsolately contemplating a 6-2 Score which wasn’t in the Printers favor. Mooney pitched for the Cubs, striking out 10, walking 4, allowing hits, and 2 hit by pitched balls. Mack pitched for the Printers, striking out 6, walking 1, allowing 8 hits.

Cubs Printers 
Umpire—Jimmy. 

Thursday’s Game

Cubs vs. Printers
Thursday’s Game between Cubs and Printers was devoid of exeiting incidents until the fifth round; the score being 5 to 1 in the Printers favor, at the beginning of this phase of the battle, and when the smoke cleared away it was 8 to 1 in favor of the same parties. 'Tis a simple tale; Baum cleared a trio of loaded bases with a two-bagger; Mack brought Baum home with one of the same, and what was left of the Bear-cats took to a tree for the remainder of the game. Sheean’s double-play in the 4th. was the only redeeming feature of the Cubs game; Mooney hit the bat almost every throw; Chick and Slick, seemed to be thinking of something other than base ball, and Lucky said, ‘‘I pass’’ before the cards were half dealt.

R. H. E. Printers 010160 SESIORS]! 
Cubs 1000000 g
Umpire— Murphy. 

Friday’s Game 

Athletics vs. Ninth 
The A’s surprised everybody, including themselves, by taking Friday’s game from the unsuspecting, and over-confident Ninth, and it is rumored, will now retire on their laurels. They made as many as 6 runs in one inning, including a home-run which makes Louie solid with the manager for the rest of the season, This had no more than happened when Williams lined out a two-bagger which brought in as many runs and he also has visions of a Big League career. The best the Ninth could do was a three-bagger by Spookie, who struggled heroically to stem the tide of defeat, but as his comrades persisted in dying on almost every base, hie could do little but play pall-bearer.

iR H. E. A’s 31600x 10 9 0 ‘Ninth 012300 6 4 2

Monday’s Game

Ninth vs. Cubs
The Cubs had the Ninth beaten to a frazzle before the first two innings of Monday’s game had ended. Chick’s two-baggers, and Bud’s pass, in the first marking the first Casualty for the Ninth; while in the second frame, Bud, Andy, and O’Neill, with Lucky’s strategic assistance, piled up three more runs, and it was all over but the shouting. The Ninth staged a last-minute rally in the 6th, when Johnny, and Harvey got a run each, by the valor of Red; who doubly distinguished himself by batting a thousand; 3 times at bat and 3 hits, being his record for the game.

R. H E. 
Cubs 1300010 5 6 2 
Ninth 0000020 2 6 0
Umpires—McGonigal and Count.