---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: ''
id: '3822'
image: umpire_1918_078.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- criminality
- ' war effort'
- ' recruitment'
- ' editorial'
- ' prison'
title: An Issue With A Certain General
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

AN ISSUE WITH A CERTAIN GENERAL

A certain General of our Forces—who shall be nameless—has intimated, not too delicately, that ex-convicts are not wanted in the U. S. Army. Seemingly, it is the opinion of the gallant officer, that an ‘‘ex-con” is a cross between a horrible example, and a contagious disease, and to be avoided with all care. That to rub shoulders with such is to be contaminated, and that after messing with an ‘‘ex-con’’ one would feel an uncontrollable impulse to rush forth and steal the regimental Standards, or assault the Officer of the Day.

We don’t like to pose as a prophet, but we’re willing to wager our next quarter’s salary, that enough “ex-cons’’ will fight, and die for their country before this war is thru, to make a very respectable sized army, and one which this gallant officer would be proud to command, if the experience of the British, and the French with such as we, is of any moment.

The men who in the small hours of the morning, when a man’s courage is at it’s lowest ebb, as is asserted by Napoleon, can cheerfully face the possibility of meeting a large Irish patrolman, filled with beer, and a sense of duty, and carrying a 45, and a hickory club; aren’t going to shrink from meeting a Hun armed only with a bomb, a saw-tooth bayonet, and utterly lacking in the moral support afforded one by the consciousness that one’s cause is just.

The General seems to be committed to the theory of  "once a criminal, always a criminal" and heartily in agreement with those who regard the wrong-doer as both incorrigible, and incurable, and perhaps contagious; and is quite out of sympathy with the more modern, and humane idea that crime is in most cases a disease quite possible of cure; a mental fault that can be remedied by the right treatment: and what better cure could there be than service given to one’s country, with the gain in courage, and self-respect that must come thereby.?

The man who has fought, and bled, and suffered in his country’s service, isn’t going to go back to his old system of living off that country when his war-service is done—not if he’s any sort of a man at all. He’s rather going to be proud as a peacock of what he’s done, and anxious to keep on doing his little bit to make that country a little more prosperous, and glorious than before. Why should a man’s past be remembered against him in such hour as this, when cowards be- come herces in the twinkling of an eye, and weaklings are made strong over night, and the spirit of sacrifice, which makes men, is in the very air?

May we venture to recall to the distinguished Officer, in closing, the words of Pericles to the Athenians, spoken centurles ago, yet just as applicable to-day.

“Even those who come short in other ways may redeem themselves by fighting bravely for their country; they may blot out the evil with the good, and benefit the State more by their public service than ever they injured her by their private notions.”

But then the brave General isn’t Pericles.