---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: ''
id: '3823'
image: umpire_1918_078.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
- ' duty'
title: Duty
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

DUTY:

We don’t know who it was that invented Duty, but whoever it may have been, they certainly had the right “dope’’ on human nature.

We are all interested in anything we can’t understand, and we’ve made a fetich of the mysterious, and intangible thing called Duty thatwillpersistthroughout theages. Whenever it is mentioned in our presence we immediately fall down and worship it, with the utmost enthusiasm, and an air which says ‘‘Just see how fond we are of doing our duty!” and know ourselves a hypocrite the while.

No matter how disagreeable a task may be; whether it’s the weekly serub, or the Saturday bath, let some smooth-tongued artist with the English language come around and ‘‘con’’ you into the belief that it is your duty to do that little thing that a moment before looked so distasteful, and you fall to, with a gusto which is only approached when you're mixing a milk-shake. It’s that magic word Duty that does it.

Some conscientious ‘‘cop’’ feels it is his duty to investigate your actions of a rainy midnight, and some few days or weeks later you are standing before a righteously gloomy Judge who feels it his duty, and tells you so, to give you five, ten, or twenty years, and proceeds to do so with a hearty good-will that makes you long for a fire-extinguisher to abate his zeal. Last, but not least, we feel it our duty to assist in the waging and winning, of this war; though it is apparently everybody else’s duty to prevent us. Goodness knows who’ll win.