---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: ''
id: '3827'
image: umpire_1918_079.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' inside joke'
title: Seen Through A Periscope
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SEEN THROUGH A PERISCOPE

The writer of this column being ‘‘submerged’’ during the past few weeks wasunable to notice anything new on the horizon, but has now come to the surface once more, and hence the following:—

The beams for the new wagon scale have arrived and the work will be started in the very near future. The work will be completed by home talent under the direction of a mechanic from the Fairbanks Company.

It is reported about the Institution that our old friend ‘‘Larry’’ Redmand has fully recuperated from a serious attack of illness, and that in the very near future he will be back on the job, looking after the residents of avenue 7. ‘‘Welcome Home, Larry.”

Several of the fellows who had gardens on the Seventh Block have met with a sad reverse and were compelled to tear down the much ‘‘worked at’’ garden patches as it is to be used for other purposes. Why not make application to Curly for a job, fellows, as he is in need of several first-class men.

“Bill” the chauffeur, has made application to the Government for a position in the automobile repair dept., of the Army. All will be well, until they put “Bill” driving a pie wagon or something pertaining to eats, and then we can see where ‘‘Bill” gets shot at sunrise, as he certainly does love to devour the sweet stuff.

Chief Yoeman Balfour, U. S. N. R. F., son of the late Inspector Robert A. Balfour, was noticed on the ball grounds the other afternoon, accompenied by our friend “Bill.” Mr. Balfour was greatly pleased with the playing of the local boys, and said that he thought he could use several of them on his team at the Navy Yard. “‘All in favor please stand up.’’

“Joe’’ the much annoyed ‘‘Postmaster’’ in our village, was the victim of a suave confidence man on a recent date and by his sad experience he is just five dollars out. We were very sorry to learn of ‘‘Joe’s” misfortune, and while a “Ways and Means’’ committee tried to show him several ways of reimbursement, ‘‘Joe” would not take any chances, and has given the-five-up for good.

Mystery surrounds the loss of about three inches of trouser legs in the Parole Dept. One of the officials of that Dlept. donned his trousers on a recent date, only to find that another pair had been left in their place, which hardly covered his ankles. Obedience to a strict code of decency caused him to retire to the rear and send out.an S. O. S. call for “‘Bill’’ the Janitor, who merely looked, laughed, and said, ‘‘Great Day.”