---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: ''
id: '3829'
image: umpire_1918_079.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- letter
- ' war'
- ' overseer'
title: Untitled
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

The following is a letter received from Frank Tees, one of our former Guards, who is now on the battle-front in France, in company with Frank Tucker, who is also, “‘Somewhere in France:”

Somewhere in France.

Have been under continuous shell fire from the 25th of March till the 2nd of April and when I say under it I don’t mean 1 or 2 miles away. When they explode 1 or 2 houses away from where they stand I call it pretty close don’t you? We have been followed kack and lost a great deal of our personal stuff; also our kitchen which on account of a bum wheel we had 10 leave tothe Germans discretion. We have been spattered with piecesofshrapnel and debris from exploding shells. Gee it was great and exciting. My application for a transfer to the tanks didn’t go as they would not leave me transfer since this excitement. I am perfectly satisfied with this branch. Can you imagine being under shell fire for Easter Sunday and not egg shells either. The French brought down 38 German planes on Easter Sunday night and I saw one fall. He controlled his plane, till his wings burned; then he took a vertical plunge to his death. We have acquired the art of ducking when we hear the whistle of an arrive, which a Boche snell is called, and when one comes every one ducks.. The shells leaving from the German lines are called departes. Have thought of you and often wished I was under the dome in your dining room with something to eat with you. Well you know what more could a fellow wish for. 

—Frank.