---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: ''
id: '3830'
image: umpire_1918_079.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' joke'
title: Let's All Be Glad
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

We are all ready for the first chap who mentions strawbarry short-cake in our hearing. It’ll be nothing less than an hospital case.

A fish diet may not strengthen the brain, but we have almost daily evidence of the fact that it certainly is strengthenlng to the imagination.

We are told that work is the greatest blessing in the world, and yet we know men right in here who would walk ten miles. to keep from being so blessed.

“Where’s George?” a fond mother was asked. ‘‘He’s getting married this afternoon,’’ mother replied, ‘‘and he’s upstairs in bed now while I crease his trousseau.’’

The way of the world is to consider you guilty until you have been proven innocent, and afterwards to retain a sneaking suspicion that the proof was forged.

The time when remorse bites the deepest, and when we’re really sorry for what we’ve done, is when we hear the twelve o’clock whistles blowing outside the walls, and think what they used to mean to us.

Hubby—“This soup seems very thin. What did you use for stock?’’
Wifie— “Why you see, Mr. Hoover advises us to use the water food has been boiled in, so I used the broth from the boiled eggs.”

R.L.M. has solved that pinochle problem to his own, and everybody else’s satisfacticn. You bid 37, instead of 35, and you immediately make it. He says that his first trial of it, proved it to be ‘‘just as easy.”

Famous loans we have met.
The makin’s.
Half-a-pound ’til the fifteenth.
Our new suit ’til after the Board meeting. 
The Liberty Loan

Tom Collins is telling this one: -
Tom— (severely) "And What was your business?’’
New arrival—‘‘I’se de manager of a laundry."
Tom— “And What was the name of thls laundry?’’
N.A.—“Lizy Ann. She’s mah wife.”

We inspected the domains of the Chiet Gardener the other day, and had a plot offered us, wherewith to dally, but our editorial back ached at the very thovught and we’re going to keep on letting the other fellow raise the beets, and blisters, while we rely upon the generosity of our Constant Readers for our summer squash, and salsify.