---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: ''
id: '3834'
image: umpire_1918_080.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor League
- ' sports'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the April 30th. Meeting of the Board of Delegates, the following were admitted to membership in the Club: B 9140, 9141, 9143, 9144, 9146, 9147, 9148, 9139, 9151; re-instated: B 8896, 8684, 7453. The Report of the Treasurer showed a Balance of $202.45 in the Club Treasury, a fact which speaks well for the incorruptible integrity of the Custodian.

Receipts for the week, were: Sale of muslin for Caps, $.30; Donations; $1.00; from Circulating Library, $5.75. A donation of $1.00 was made during the week to the Kiddies’ Xmas Fund, by B 7307. Expenditures: to B 7576, commission on sale of waste rags, .80.

Old J. Pluvius threatened disaster for a moment to the Saturday afternoon Outing of the Club, and the 2d Section was lightly besprinkled during their trip about the Institution, but the old gentleman relented when he saw what a good time everybody was going to have, and reserved his efforts till the morrow.

Immediately upon disbandment of the Parade, the athletic contests were staged, and furnished much amusement, both for contestants, and spectators. ‘‘Legs’’ made a first-rate Master of Ceremonies, and expendad enough breath, in command, and argument to have convinced the Kaiser he was in the wrong, and won the war, if it had been put into the right channel. B 8932 officiated as Starter, and never did a Coney Island ‘‘barker’’ work harder, or was heard farther than he.

The 50 yd. dash came first on the Program and ended in a dead heat between B 8061 and B 9066, the later winning by a "neck" in the run-off. In the 100 yd. sprint which succeeded, B 8277, after being ‘‘pocketed’’ for half the course, took advantage of an opening, went thru like a rabbit, and had crossed the finish-line before his fellow runners had missed him. A Match Race between Red, the Boiler-house ‘‘fire-alarm’’ and Barney, whose lifework is stealing bases for the Printers. Their first essay was a fizzle; Red developed a spavin, and folding up like an accordion, while Barney ran a race with himself, but this didn’t prevent him from beating Red on the second attempt tho that persevering person pursued him right up close to the finish-line. The Spoon & “Egg’’ race, which came next, was most amusing; under the impression that real eggs were to be used, these to become the spoils of the winner, there were a number of entries, and tho the enthusiasm of some was dampened when it was discovered that the ‘‘eggs’’ were made of yarn, enough remained to make it merry for the spectators. It needed several attempts to finish this race successfully; B 9066 who seemed at first an easy winner, was found to be disqualified, somebody ‘‘snitched,” and it was found that he had cemented his ‘‘egg" to the spoon with chewing-gum. This naturally didn’t “go’’ with the Judges, and it was run over, all entrants being searched for chewing-gum, and molasses; B 9921 being finally adjudged the winner, after terrific disscusion, and threats of an appeal to the Supreme Court, or some such Tribunal. The Potato race was a mad scramble, being won by B 9022, who must have thought the ‘‘potatoes" were edible, so wondrously did he slide to and from his home “port.” The Bag Race after being apparently won by B 8959 was found to be a ‘‘flivver,” when it was discovered that this gentleman’s bag was more of a dressing gown, being without a bottom. On a second attempt the same gentleman won, this time “on the level.” The Fat Man’s Race, between B 8564, Al, the Biggest Thing in Captivity; B 8992, ‘‘Virginia’’ George; and B 8271 “Dandy’’ Davis, used up enough ‘‘steam’’ to have taken six Transports to Europe. Al after a gallant start fell behind in the “quarter,” and remained permanently in the ‘‘half’’ George finishing a good length ahead of Davis, whose alibi was a “sore knee,” you know him, Al! The Three-legged Race which followed was between three teams, B 9022-8956; B 9066-8398; B 8817-9021; and team No. 2 won, after an awful struggle down the course, and are no doubt applying for arnica at this moment. 

The Standing High Jump soon narrowed down from ten competitors to two, B 8430, Red; and B 8363; Red winning by cleaning the bar at 3ft. 4in. which leaves the world’g record absolutely unendangered. The Running High Jump speedily became a three-cornered contest, between Red, Brooks, and 8363 when the bar reached 4ft. 3in., action, shedding cap, coat, and shoes, but failed to clear it, Red fell down next, and when we say fell down, we mean it literally, he came down, on his last attempt, with a crash which made some of the more timid members fear for a moment, that the Germans had reached Philadelphia. Brooks, B 7935, the winner, then attempted to beat his record of 4ft.9in. but slipped on a banana-peeling at the critical moment, and failed— we but give his ‘‘alibi,’’ as he gave it us— The Shot-put closed the day’s exhibition of manly strength, and skill. There were many entries in this, but few were chosen for the finals. B 5779 gave it a start with a put of 24ft.5in, which was quickly run up past the 30ft. mark, then B 9055 stept up, and shot the pill 37ft.5in, so startling Chick, B 7471, that he gave it a mighty heave, and only the quickest action by the ‘‘back-stops’’ prevented Mr. Bailey from losiug a corner odf his valuable green house. The distance was found to be 38ft.2in, and we would suggest to Chick, that the Germans might be able to use him in the long range bombardment of Paris. This completed the day’s events, and left everybody feeling in the best of humors, both ‘‘sports’’ and spectators. 

—B 8266, Secretary.