---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: ''
id: '3836'
image: umpire_1918_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game
The Printers had the Indian sign on B 8810, the Athletic’s pitcher, in today’s game; and those who didn’t get a hit, got a free pass;in the 5th after the Printers had gathered in 3 runs, in that single session, Lavender went in and tried to stay the tide of defeat, but was touched up for 3 hits which resulted in 2 runs; but he made up for this by the way he lifted the sphere over the 6th Block for a home-run. Jake, pitching for the Printers, was in most illiberal mood, only permitting 6 hits, and shutting down on free transportation entirely. The feature of the game was the ‘A’s casualty list at first, and second.

Wednesday’s Game
The Cubs succeeded in beating the Ninth to it, by 2 runs and 1 error in today’s game. The Ninth’s defence must have left the Institution, as the Cubs collected 7 runs from only 8 hits, which looks good, or suspicious, according to your sympathies. Chick and Lucky, distinguished themselves by repeatedly bringing home the bacon for the Cubs. The Ninth rallied nobly in the 6th. Larry hit a “homer,” but it was a useless effort. The next frame left them with a goose-egg; and it was another lost cause.’

Thursday’s Game
The lowly A’s somewhat surprised the Printers in today’s game, by tying up the Score in the 5th inning, thru Baltimore’s taking a chance and stealing 3d base, and home. The Printers immediately got busy, and Mack and Benny each scored a run; while in the next inning, after the A’s had fatally flivvered, Baum scored Bobby and Stump, and came home himself on Mack’s sacrifice; and here the game mercifully ended.

Friday’s Game
Harvey, pitching for the Ninth in today’s game, had perfect control of the ball, but couldn’t control the Cub Batsmen, they nicking him for 8 hits, and incidentally, the game. It wasn’t until the very last inning that the Ninth succeeded in digging up the lonesome tally that saved them the disgrace of a kalsomining; Johnny got a single, and the Manager, in a brilliant moment, put Red in as a pinch-hitter, and he beat out a three-bagger, and brought Johnny home. Sheean was the bright, particular star of the Cubs, with a homer in the 6th, which scored Lucky, and made the watchman in the 5th Block corner think a German plane had dropped something.