---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: ''
id: '3838'
image: umpire_1918_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' music'
title: Orpheus Visits The E.S.P.
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ORPHEUS VISITS THE E. S. P.

The Orpheus Club paid its annual visit to the Institution, Monday evening, and sang for the benefit of the Inmates, who always look forward to their coming with a pleasant anticipation of a delightful heur of song.

Their first Number was a war Song, with Mr. Joyce taking the principal part; next “De Sandman;’’ then the ever popular ‘‘Road Mandalay.” Their next Number was a Laughing Song which made a tremendous hit with their hearers, and resulted with an encore. Next was ‘‘Hark! The Horn Awakes the Morn;” followed by “Swing Along’’ a Song they sang on their first coming here, and which has remained a favorite ever since. The seventh Number was ‘‘Hail! Land of Freedom;’’ then a quartette of Popular War-Songs, ‘‘There’s a Long, Long Trail; Over There; Keep The Home Fires Burning, and Pack up your Troubles in Your Old Kit Bag, and Smile, Smile, Smile;” and Mr. R. D. Woodruff, the Leader asked the Inmates to join in the Choruses, he leading the 4th and 5th Blocks, while the Warden lead the 1st Block to a triumphant conclusion, and Mr. Drayton, and Mr. Waters, lead on the 7th. with such success as to lead to repeated calls for a speech, and the giving of three cheers for the. entertainers. Then came the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner,’’ with everybody standing Attention, and so ended a Perfect Day.