---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: ''
id: '3840'
image: umpire_1918_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: The Frying Pan.
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE FRYING PAN.

If you don’t like the decisions of the “Umps’’ keep your mouth shut. If you don’t, you may get thirty days on the bench.

Did you write that letter home to your Mother? If you didn’t, drop this paper, grab pen and ink and send it off at once. Don’t be a slacker.

Don’t think that you own the croquet grounds and have the privilege to ‘‘sleep on it.” Play a game or two and then give somebody else a chance.

The officers of the British Recruiting Mis- sion paid a visit to this Institution on Friday and interviewed a number of British subjects who are desirous of enlisting in one of the Allied Armies.

Chick, the affable manager of the “Cubs’’ is now practicing on the art of dough-slinging.” Chick expects to be an expert baker in the Army in the near future and wants all the knowledge in that line he can acquire.

“Bill’’ donned his sailor uniform on Sat- urday morning and looks fine in the garb of “Uncle Sam’s’’ fighting men. He has been rated as a first-class yeoman and is connected with the Coast Accounting Dept. at League Island.

The out-door sports which “Curley” advocated several months ago have met with full approval and under the able management of the present Board of Governors of the Honor and Friendship Club this healthful recreation is meeting with great success.

If all reports are to be regarfed as authentic the Culinary Dept. is sadly in need of an employment agency, in their endeavor to keep that most important part of our village in operation. ‘‘Cooks and Bakers may came and go, but the Pot-Pie goes on forever,’’

Death laid its heavy hand on the house of “Curley’’ last Thursday evening, when his pet Canary passed into the Great Beyond without a murmur. The funeral was held the same ‘evening and the feathered one now reposes on the bed of the Schuylkill.

“Jimmie’’ Johnson, a former official of the Parole Dept., who is now stationed at Camp Meade, Md., writes that he will be forced to undergo a minor operation in the very near future. ‘‘Jimmie’’ has a host of friends who will be sorry to learn of his indisposition, and we earnestly hope thathe shall have a speedy recovery to perfect health.