---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: ''
id: '3843'
image: umpire_1918_082.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Journal of Prison Discipline
- ' Pennsylvania Prison Society'
- ' Bilibid'
- ' prison reform'
- ' prison labor'
title: Is Bilibid the Solution?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

IS BILIBID THE SOLUTION?

The Pennsylvania Prison Society, in its latest Journal of Prison Discipline, suggests sending penologists and particularly legislators, to Bilibid. It is of the opinion that after observing practical achievements in prison work they might be more competent to introduce the proper system in America.

Where is Bilibid? ‘‘Take the train for San Francisco, engage passage on some leviathan of the deep and get off probably at the second station which is Manilla. Thence it is a short excursion to Bilibid, a trip taken by twenty thousand visitors in a single year, not to mention those who take involuntary trips thither,’’ says the Journal.

“Forty buildings, seventeen acres of ground; 2,800 prisoners there; as many others in prisons elsewhere in the islands but all co-ordinated under a central administration. The great aim is to prepare inmates for 'honorable positions in the community after their release.' The men work and play.” Here are some of the industries in Bilibid:

1. Manufacture and repair of carriages, wagons, carts, trucks, trailers, etc.

2. Household and office furniture made of mahogany and other native beautiful woods.

3. Concrete work, construction of buildings.

4. Rattan and bamboo furniture. The famous fan-back chair is made there.

5. Hand-wrought articles in silver, gold and other metals; shellwork, horn specialties.

6. Tailoring; service uniforms.

7. Steam laundry. All the work for the inside and a ‘‘considerable civilian trade.’’

8. Embroidery, lacemaking, crochet organized for the female department.

“Output per annum $350,000

“Profit for the Government $100,000

“There are two penal colonies on large tracts of land, one of which the 1,200 colonists practically have a government of their own.

“The San Remon Farm is where the non- Christian prisoners from Moroland are confined,” continues the report. ‘‘These war-like people have admirable qualities when treated properly, and three-fourths of the inmates are at work on the extensive farm without the presence of an armed guard. Here is found the modern prison of the Orient. ‘Built of reinforced concrete, with grilled walls, dormitories, shower baths, and with every modern feature for the comfort, health and reformation of prisoners confined there, it has proved a wonderful educational institution for the Moro.” The entire credit for this building and the admirable system is due to the genius and sagacity of the former governor, General John J. Pershing.’’