---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: ''
id: '3845'
image: umpire_1918_083.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News And Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

17,623 men are to be called from this State in the next Draft quota. Better be lookin’ up your number.

British lose in excess of 250,000 to date in the great battle, and are crying for men. And we’re so darn willing.

Nicaraugua has declared war against Germany. It’s going to filter into the Kaiser’s head some fine day that he’s getting himself disliked.

The Right Rev. Denis J. Dougherty, Bishop of Buffalo, named as successor to the late Archbishop Prendergast in the Diocese of Philadelphia.

Sauerkraut is to invade fashionable circles, and be known there as ‘‘Liberty’’ cabbage. Which doesn’t help us any; we always identified it by its odor.

Wife says Navy is too safe for husband; insists on his joining the Army. To an unprejudiced observer it seems that someone dosen’t like somebody.

The German name for the large tanks is "Sturmpanzerkraftwagen.” No Sammee is ever going to try to pronounce that, they’ll simply take it—for granted.

Americans suffer heavy gas attack. Germans send over 15,000 shells of mustard gas in one evening. We didn’t know that conditions in France were so much like home.

Camden ship-yard builds a ship in 27 days, breaking all world records. And we always thought that Camden was a place where some Philadelphians went to sleep o' nights!

One of our Marine companies at the Front loses 21 killed, and 140 wounded, out of a total of 250, in the argument with the Teuton as to who shall inherit the earth. Can you conceive of anything mere satisfying than to be an Irish-American, and a Marine?

Liberty Loan oversubscribed a billion and a half, approaching a total of $4,500, 000, 000. Philadelphia goes $65,000,000 over its quota. Some 17,000,000 individuals subscribe (including some of us). And we helped do it. Every State in the Union exceeds it’s quota.

The 104th. Mass., Regiment is the first American force to be decorated as a body. It received the Cross of War for its bravery in repelling the German attack on Apremont Wood. Does the Krench General, in such case, kiss the Colonel only, or the entire Regiment, we wonder?