---
author: B-8266
day: '15'
editor: ''
id: '3853'
image: umpire_1918_084.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' sports'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meeting of May, 7, 1918, the following were admitted to membership in the Club: B 9166—$2.00; 7600, 9158—10c; 9159, 9156, 9165, 9169, 9149, 9152, 9155, 9167, 6878, 8225, 6266, 9154, 9164, 9145, 9142, 9157, 9163. The Report of the Treasurer showed a Balance in the Club Treasury of $145.26.

A Resolution of the Board of Governors, that the Interest accruing from the Liberty Bonds held by the Club, be re-invested in War Savings Stamps, and a further sum of $1.00 weekly be devoted to the purchase of such Stamps, was unanimously approved. So do we do our little bit for Uncle Sam, and reap our little reward of four-and-a-half per cent for doing so. Receipts of the week were: from the Circulating Library; $8.25; from Donations, $2.20. Expenditures: Loan to B 8226, $3.00; Subscription to Sunset Maga- zine, 75¢; Money Order Fees, 83c; War Sav- ings Stamp, $1.00.

The weather, Saturday, was all that could be desired, and the 1st Section had no complaint coming on that score. It wasn’t hot enough to sap the energies of the athletically inclined, neither was it so cool as tointerfere with the strategy of the champions of the chess, and draught-boards, who thickly infested the ground. Even His Excellency, the President, was heard to exclaim ‘‘Perfectly corking weather’’ as he missed his second chance at a wicket on the Croquet-ground—tho why he shou!d have blamed it on the weather, beats us.

The Grand Marshal, A 8432, sniffed the breeze on starting, and announced that he felt fine, and that twice around would do nicely, to the great disgust of those Sons of Rest who believe that marching isn’t good for the jaw-muscles. His Excellency, the President, with his Staff, was on the reviewing Stand, and applauded vigorously the fine appearance of the 1st Block, as it swung past in almost perfect unison; tho he was seen to roll his eyes, “and groan at what followed.

The Athletic Sports next engaged the attention of the boys, and were the cause of a great deal of amusement. There were four entries for the first event up, the 50 yard dash, and the result was a close finish between K. C.,B 8960, and Abe, B 8679, the former being adjudged the winner by aneye- lash; which seems to prove the Judge the real old eagle-eyes. The 100-yard sprint was next on the program, and necessitated two heats from there being an over-supply of ambitious ‘‘talent.” B 9021, Slow-foot Pete, won the first heat, but was easily out-distanced by B 7551, the Allentown Rabbit, in the finals, and sic transit gloria mudi! The next event was the always funny fat-men’s race, and Dandy Davis’s sore knee having disqualified him, the race was narrowed down to Virginia George, and Al, our Captive Colossus; Al took a practice run over the course, and smoothed out the bumps as effectively as any steam-roller, and made a flying start, but something happened to a suspender button, and fearful of a resultant catastrophe, he slowed up, and George was an easy winner. Al’s only hope of winning glory lies in our instituting a pie-eating contest to be decided on a capacity basis. Then came the Bag Race, in which B 9022 carried off the honors after galloping down the course in a manner which proved him to be first cousin to a grasshopper. The next was a special straight-away between B 7721, Shanty-town Barney, and B 7425, Williamspot, result, Barney was left at the post, and lost with perfect ease. There were five entries in the Potato Race, and it was close from start to finish; if the ‘‘potatoes’’ had been French-fried the contestants wouldn’t have struggled harder to secure them; B 8398, the Unterrified Champion of the 4th Block, winning; tho closely pressed for the decision by B 8999, the Pittsburg Kid, who was all dolled up like a circus horse, and seemed to think the judges should have givem him the decision on ‘‘point.” Six entered for the Spoon Race, but B 8959 backed-out when it was found that the ‘‘eggs’” which were to be carried were but a paltry imitation of the real article, and wanted to know ‘‘what the spoon was good for?’’ The Race was won by B 8398, after a whispered conference with ‘‘Dude’’ his trainer, who evidently had inside ‘‘info’’ on just how to manipulate the thing.

The High Jump was a three-ring Circus in itself; B 7039, Gordon, took a header over the bar, turned a front flip, and came up still smiling; B 8760, Rooney did an ‘‘Annette Kellerman’’ which won applause from the crowd, finishing with the most difficult of front hand-springs; and B 7825, ‘‘Jake,’’ did a Yiddish somersault over the bar at 4ft. even. Brooks, B 7935, won this event by clearing the bar at 4 ft. 6 inches. The Broad Jump finished the day’s sports, being won by Rooney, B 8760, who managed to cover 14 it 8 inches, without using his wings.

We haven’t any ‘‘dope’’ on the ball-game which followed, our only sight of the same being a fleeting vision of Rube at the bat, but we feel perfectly safe in asserting that he at least, struck out. We must regretfully call the attention of the chap responsible for the purloining of an H. F. C. catcher’s glove, and the substitution of an old one in it’s place, to the fact that he is expected to return it at the earliest possible date. The H. F. C. is generous, and long-suffering, and all the other adjectives, but we are positively not in the market for a trade, as that party will find, if he doesn’t ‘‘come across.”

—B 8266, Secretary.