---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: ''
id: '3859'
image: umpire_1918_085.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

British losses for one week total in killed, 5,666; wounded and missing, 36,046. And we can only give our dollars.

American soldiers will go sockless during summer months, in order to harden their feet. This would be hard on some of our local ‘‘silk-stocking’’ boys.

Germans are busily massing men, guns, and ammunition in preparation for a resumption of the great ‘‘drive.” And Kaiser Bill still holds the reins, and sits in the driver’s seat.

One of the defendants in the I. W. W. trial at Chicago asks a postponement on the plea that he had broken his arm in rolling a cigarette. Our imagination is to weak to picture what real work would do to a chap like that.

Capt. E. R. Breese, Marksmanship Instructor in the National Army says that gray-eyed men make the best shots; gray-blue being second, and blue third; then hazel, brown and black, in order. Please, Mr. Baker, our eyes are gray.

70,000 horses were killed for eating purposes in France during the last year. 2,000 donkeys, and mules, and 300 horses are being killed daily at the present time. Which, added to those we’ve consumed, explains the high cost of horses.

The Fourth of July is saved from being the date of the Willard-Fulton fight, the same being definitely declared off by Col. Miller, its promoter, who said the public was “aunsympathetic.” And nobody has offered a word of protest to their fighting the Huns.

Congress is considering the raising of the draft age to 40 years. Which means we may have to answer some embarassing questions, and then get a neat little blue card which is exchangeble for one rifle, and one suit of khaki. Everybody write to their Congressman at once.

Aerial mail service established between Washington and New York. President Wilson cancels, and autographs first stamp, which is sold for the benefit of Red Cross. John Wanamaker first purchaser of stamp in this city. Local landing place in Bustleton. If that mail-man should drop a bag of mail, would they all be ‘‘dead letters.”