---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: ''
id: '3861'
image: umpire_1918_086.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- criminality
- ' editorial'
- ' Frank Crane'
title: The Born Criminal
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE BORN CRIMINAL

Dr. Frank Crane asserts—and has the powerful support of William J. Burns—that there is no such thing as the born criminal, and we, who meet scores of supposedly born criminals every day, are heartily in agreement with the gentlemen that there ‘‘aint no sich animal.” Born fools is the way we would put it. Every time we take a half-hour off, and dispassionately consider our own past career, we feel a wild, and increasing desire, to havesome tall, muscular, large-footed party kick us where the kicking is most good, and we don’t doubt that there are those of our readers who have felt the same way.

Environment, association, even reading, may make the criminal, but the idea that there are persons who are doomed from their birth, to a life of lawlessness is perfect bosh. It’s being born lazy, and the failure of your fond, but misguided parents to sweat it out of you with the bed-room slipper, or the razor-strop, that makes men criminals. It seems to be the highest ambition of the modern youth to wear a ‘‘sport-suit,” and adorn a street-corner, and the greasy pair of overalls, and the full dinner-pail which brings the Saturday pay-check doesn’t enter into his scheme. He’d rather keep some pool-room, or cigar-store proprietor from feeling lonesome during the day, and then walk eleven miles thru back-alleys, or over muddy roads of a pitch-dark night; and come back totown in the cold grey dawn about three jumps ahead of a posse of irritated farmers, armed with shot-guns, and loud, harsh voices, and with about $3.46 in his jeans to tide him over until the next night when he will probably repeat the stunt, and keep on repeating it until one day he hears the Judge say, wearily, three to ten, or seven to twelve, or some such numbers, and knows himself retired from circulation for the nonce. All because some loud- mouthed companion had told him that he was fitted for something better than chaperoning a wheel-barrowful of bricks up a long-narrow plank for about $3.50 for an eight-hour day; the ‘‘something better’’ usually consisting in shinning up a porch-post about 1 A. M. while the L. M. C. kepta perfect watch below —for his own safty.

It’s all wrong. Born fools, born weaklings, born idlers there are, but born criminals? No!" And every one of the aforementioned is possible of change. No fool there is but can be divorced from his folly, no weakling but can be made strong, no idler, but may with the proper incentive become the most industrious of men. It is shown here every day: men come here whose hardest work on the outside had been in the lifting of a tall glass, or the knocking on a back-door, or the holding out a hand, palm upward, ona street- corner, and in here, with the goal of freedom in view, they become such marvels of industry, as would have made them rivals of John D. Rockefeller had they done the same thing outside.

Eliminate booze, give every boy a thorough schooling; find the thing he likes best, and is best fitted to do; and teach how to do it; and see that he gets his chance at it; and in a decade the so-called ‘‘born criminal’’ would be almost as extinct as the antimacassar; a small town lock-up would hold them all. Of course, while human nature remains what it is, the crime passionel we will have always with us, but that is beside the point; which is, that it is the joint failure of parents, and society, in their treatment of the youth that mostly makes criminals, and not any hereditary predisposition to such life.