---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: ''
id: '3865'
image: umpire_1918_087.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' baseball'
- ' war'
- ' The Umpire'
title: Seen Through A Periscope
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

SEEN THROUGH A PERISCOPE

At a recent meeting of the Baseball Managers it was decided to change the name of the Ninth Block team to ‘“Yanks.’’ This is sure a fighting name and it behooves the members of that team to live up to the same.

The members of Capt. Parker’s base-ball team are very anxious to get a game with one of the teams in the E. S. P. League. It’s up to ‘‘Pete’’ to have this battle arranged and give the local talent a chance to show just what they can do. Get busy, “Pete’’, and fix it up.

‘‘Jimmie’’ Loan, who left the employ of this Institution some time ago to accept an advanced position ‘‘Somewhere in Jersey”, writes that he likes his new position and is getting along fine. ‘‘Jimmie’s” host of friends will be pleased to know that he is making good in this new undertaking.

Letters arrive every day from ex-grads., who are now with the National Army in France. John W. McKenty, our Parole Officer, recently received a letter from ‘‘Somewhere in France’’ that contained a beautifully pressed flower, which had been picked by one of our men in the fields of battle-torn Belgium.

Mr. Gillespie, the Master Mechanic, informs us that the Storehouse ball grounds will not be ready for use for several months to come. This is indeed depressing news for the ball players who were in hope that the new scales would be quickly installed, but something went wrong and we shall have to wait.

In a recent letter from Frank Tees, who is with the American Army ‘‘Somewhere in France,’’ he states that the UMPIRE has reached the “Western Front’’ and that while a terrific shell fire was in progress he was quietly reading a copy of the “Ump.” The world is small indeed when all is taken into consideration.