---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: ''
id: '3872'
image: umpire_1918_087.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- inside joke
- ' poetry'
- ' joke'
- ' gossip'
title: Let's All Be Glad
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Just what are you going to put in that War Chest?

If “pull’’ counts for any thing, our Dentist should be able to get anything he would like to have.

We would like to call the attention of the proper authorities to the fact that some of the watch-dog’s voices need training.

First Seaman— “What’s the wriggling ob- ject off there near the horizon?’’
Second Seaman— “Guess it must be a nervous wreck.”

We regret to state that there are men in this Institution, to whom the phrase, ‘‘Hats off! The Flag goes by!” doesn’t mean a single thing. It’s proven every Saturday.

It is said that the people of Berlin must go thru six Bureaus in order to buy a bag of coal. Personally, we’ve gone through at least as many bureaus without getting the wherewithal to buy a bag of peanuts.

When we think of the difference between our own Three-Sixty a year, and that Dollar a-Year wage of Schwab, Vanderlip, Ford, et. al., we swell visibly. But when we begin to compare results! That’s when we shrivel up!

Our Stenog’ says that a man deserves to be a door-mat, who will sign himself, ‘“Your humble and obedient servant;” and after hurriedly reviewing our correspondence for the last six months, and deciding that nothing personal was intended we heartily agreed with him.

There is a report current on the 11th Block that a certain War Gardener, who is more bookish than bucolic, planted his onion-sets upside down, under the impression that the tops were the roots thereof; and that after the recent rain, only by the most desperate efforts did he succeed in reversing them, before they had gotten beyond the reach of digging.

If you want another chance; 
If you’d like to go to France, 
Follow, when the Flags advance; 
See the Board!
If you’ve gotta make a ‘‘kick’’ 
Don’t hang back but do it quick; 
There’e a chanch you’ll turn the trick; 
See the Warden! 
If you’re pale about the ‘‘gills’’ 
Got the ‘‘scratches” mumps, or chills; 
And you feel you need some pills, 
See the Doctor!