---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: ''
id: '3876'
image: umpire_1918_088.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' sports'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the May 14th meeting of the Board of Delegates, the following were admitted to membership in the Club—B 9171-25¢; 9176-10; 9161, 9153, 9128, 9172, 9183, 9174, 9179, 9173, 9180, 9181, 9182, 9175. The report of the Treasurer showed a balance of .35; Collection to purchase American Flag for 11th Block, $6.65, from Circulating Library, $5.75. Expenditures—1 Doz, basedalls, $1.00; War Saving Stamps, $1.00; 1 American Flag $6.50. Two new Delegates were appointed to fill the vacancies during the week, B 8398 for the 5th Block; B 5165 for the 6th Gallery. A Gift of one Dozen baseballs received from Mr. Connie Mack of the Athletics, and we are properly grateful to that gentleman for his generous action.

The boys of the Second Section found a real Tailor-made Day awaiting them when they issued forth for their bi-monthly Outing, on last Saturday afternoon. Sun and wind were mingled in just the right proportions, and with feet all ‘“fussed up’’ by the inspiring music rendered by the Professor, and his indefatigable Band, the Aides had some job in persuading ‘‘Pete’’ to quit, for he showed symptoms of wanting to march all afternoon. The 4th Block, as a reward for their good work on their previous appearance, had the place of honor in line, and we warn the 1st Block that it is going to have a worthy rival in its campaign to win the Tea-wagon that Curley intends presenting to the best; marching contingent of the Summer. After the parade had successfully wound itself up into a ball, with the Band at the center, and was disbanded, the boys gathered to watch, and participate in, the Grand Carnival of Sports, as some past Circus employee was heard to name it. There was plenty of fun in this, and almost enough peanuts to go around.

The 50 yds. dash had so many entries as to necessitate the running of three heats, and a final to sift ’em out. After much excitement, and many false starts, B 8963 (West Indian Cliff managed to fall over the finish-line a winner. The 100 yds, had four entries, Slow-foot Pete (B 9021); K.C. (B 8960); Rag-time Lee (B 9066); and the Allentown Rabbit (B 8631), last week’s winner; after a bitter struggle K.C. won out. It was then that challenges flew thick andfast, and next week there’s sure to be something doing in this event. It was at this moment that His Excellency the President put in his appearance, cuddling a Mysterious Bundle to his bosom; after a whispered conference with ‘‘Pete,’’ the Announcer megaphoned the glad tidings that a Peanut Race would be substituted for the Potato Race, with real, live, hump-backed, double-jointed Virginia tubers as victims, and nothing barred except gouging. To judge by the number of entries for this race, one who wasn’t in the ‘‘know” would have thought them Pardons! By a process of rejecting all the long-fingered en- trants the number was gotten down to 14, —the course holds but twelve, but two others managed to “horn in,” and they were off! What made it so attractive was that the winner was to keep the peanuts, and the seramble that ensued would have made Von Hindenburg laugh. It was a ‘‘dead-heat’’ between B 8817, and B 9022, and Rube had to be called in todivide the peanuts. Coney Island Eddie lost his voice after engineering this race, and Curly had the megaphone wished upon him, with the direction of affairs. His method of starting the Fat men’s Race reminded us very much of drop-the handkerchief, but it certainly worked, A “dark’’ horse appeared to fight for honors with those old foes, Virginia George (B 8992) Dandy Davis (B 8271;) Elephant Al (B 8564;) in the person of Hen Halley, (B 8132,) who turned out to be a camouflaged Comet. The Race was postponed a few minutes while Al changed shoes—thus looking out for the needed alibi—and then Curly cleared the track with a bellow which made the spectators think something had escaped from the Zoo, and they were off. George hit the cinders first, closely pressed by Davis, who in turn was jammed into the wall by Al this"caused George to rebound, and in doing so, he struck the Comet between wind and water, startling that gentleman so that he made a wild leap toward the finish-line, and safety; and crossed the same an easy winner. But Curly couldn’t see it, and declared that it would have to be run over, thus showing himself to be quite heartless. Virginia George made loud, and spirited protest “You know, I’m from the 3d Block, and my ticker is on the bum, etc, etc,” and fimally won Curly to his point of view.

The Games were concluded with the high jumping, which produced a varied lot of talent, ranging from those who could about jump a board-bill, when the land lady’s back was turned; to those capable of jumping a seven- rail fence with a bull-dog after them. Inch by inch the bar was elevated until the contest finally narrowed down to following four lineal descendants of Steve Brodie; B 8679, the Kangaroo Kid; B 8132, Henry the Eight; B 7935, the Educated Flea; and B 7788, the Donegal Leaper; each man cleared the bar until Henry tried to go to sleep on it, and it broke in twain; loud calls for string, no string forthcoming. Someone said ‘‘Legs’’ had an old pair of shoe-strings; he did, but they were in his shoes. Five minutes intermission while an attempt was made to have him donate them to the Club; finally on Curly’s promising him a new pair of shoes for them, he got generous, and the bar was repaired. The Kangaroo Kid was the next to lose out, leaving the battle to Lavender, and Brooks, and to the surprise of everybody Lavender soon disposed of Brooks, by clearing the bar at 4ft. 11 in. It is understood he will train for the Marathon Races after this cruel war is over.