---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: ''
id: '3878'
image: umpire_1918_089.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- war effort
- ' prison'
- ' ESP news'
title: Prisoners Pledge $120
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PRISONERS PLEDGE $120

Spirit which led workmen in the repair shop of the General Electric Company to hand his tools to the only one of their number who did not pledge money to the War Chest explains the $10,231,987 total reported for this and Montgomery Counties at yesterday’s meeting of War Chest workers. The campaign will continue until Wednesday at least, while industrial firms will be canvassed until the last one has been seen. This indicates that the quota of $20,000,000 for the five counties, Philadelphia’s share of which is already over-pledged, will be exceeded.

J. W. Lucas, for the industrial employes’ division, submitted an incomplete report for $343,666,96. Of this $315,000 came from Baldwin’s Locomotive Works. He told of the action of workmen at the repair shops of the electric company. The workman in question was ‘‘seen’’ by the men themselves, and when he refused to give even a nominal sum of twenty-five or fifty cents a month, his tools were taken to the door of the shep and he was told to ‘‘get” and not to come back.

Inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary showed a similar zeal for the War Chest in a contribution by the Honor and Friendship Club of the institution it was for $120, to be paid from the club treasury. The treasury is filled by dues of a very few cents a month from the inmates. A resolution wasadopted in making the pledge and was read to the War Chest workers at the Bellevue-Stratford by E.J. Lafferty, captain of the team for Old York Road, but a member of the Board of Inspectors of the Penitentiary, It follows:

Their Resolution

Their Board of Delegates of the Honor and Friendship Club of the Eastern State Penitentiary.

Be it hereby resolved that we, the board of Delegates, ete., being debarred by our past follies from doing that which we would most wish to do, that is to take our place in factory, on the farm or on the firing line and to do our little part in preserving that liberty which is perhaps most dear tous, who have forfeited it; and who would willingly and gladly work and and fight and die for the country of our birth or our adoption; whose heart’s desire it is to prove by service and sacrifice that, though we have lost much we have not yet lost that love of country which is our enduring heritage, and do here by authorize to be paid as the contribution of said Honor and Friendship Club to the War Chest of Philadelphia and vicinity the sum of $10 monthly so long as the need for such contribution may exit.

The resolution is signed by ‘‘A 8432, Chairman’’ and ‘‘B 8266, Secretary.’’ The first is a life prisoner.

The contribution was made after Warden ‘Bob” MeKenty explained the War Chest to the men.