---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: ''
id: '3879'
image: umpire_1918_089.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- poetry
- ' patriotism'
title: What Have You Done In Freedom's Noble Cause?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WHAT HAVE YOU DONE IN FREEDOM’S NOBLE CAUSE?

What have you done in Freedom’s noble cause?
Where were you when the world in chaos raved?
These are the words the world some day shall ask
Of you, my friend,—what shall your answer be?
A blush of shame,an earthward bended brow?
A shunning of the patriot’s searching eye?
A cowardly withdrawing from the voice that asks,
“Pray, what did you do to save the stars and stripes?’’
Or a bold eye with concious pride a flame,
Meeting the other’s stern gaze unafraid?
A heav’nward tilted chin, bespeaking mind at ease,
Meeting that mighty question unashamed?
And you speaking in answer to that voice,
Though in the trenches, amid shot and shell
On No-Man’s Land, Huns I have not fought,
Nor drenched with my life-blood our allie’s soil.
Nor gave a limb, nor show I can those wounds,
A warrior’s pride; nor the medallion bright,
Received for deeds heroic on the battlefield
In fealthy done to our beloved flag.
But what I could, such have done, thank God!
Such as my hard earned savings could produce;
I gave the money earned with blood and sweat,
In solitude—and helped to win the war.
Boys, tho you be not called upon to yield, 
Your young life’s blood on the embattled plains;
Yet know, each cent you give for our great Cause,
A pearl shall be to grace chaste Freedom’s crown.