---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: ''
id: '3881'
image: umpire_1918_089.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game

Athletics vs. Yankees
The A’s win a game once in ‘‘so often’’ and unfortunately for the Yanks, to-day happened to be that ‘‘so often’’ date. Nobody can say that their victory was due to any generesity on the Yankees part, for those interesting invalids did their durndest. Williams, Bud, and Paddy pulling off double-plays, and Doc’ nobly sacrificing himself on Costello’s alter of necessity, but the A’s were out to win, and so refute the base slanderers who say that they have forgotten how to do that little thing, and so Mooney, and Saxaphone, did a little double-playing of their own while Frank held the Yank’s down to 5 hits.

152, H. E. A’s @Al b g atai@se 11 2 Yankees1 0001101 4 5 1

Wednesday’s Game

Cubs vs. Printers
The Cubs got next to Mack’s delivery in to-day’s game, and after Slick, Lucky and Willie had collected two-baggers, and practically everybody else had garnered a single, the Printers consented to admit themselves beaten. They can’t blame D. C. for their losing for he was as liberal as possible with passes to first—some of the fans wanted to know if he was working for the Printers— but the Cub defense was like the Allied Line, it would bend badly, but wouldn’t break. Only three got thru.

Ry S HEeE ) Cubs AR ISOS0E530) e Ll Printers IROR0SIROED S S ()

Friday’s Game 

Cubs vs. Printers 
The Cubs were ‘‘Lucky’’ in to day’s game and succeeded in putting it over on the Printers to the tune of 6 to 4. The whole game was a personal battle between Lucky and Jacoby to see who could most disfigure the score-card, and Lucky won despite Jaccby’s ' two home-runs. D. C. pinched for the Cubs stricking out six, walking three, allowing 11 hits, and 1 hit by pitched ball, while Jacoby for the Printers siruck out 12, and also allowed 11 hits, and 1 hit by pitched ball, and why both teams didn’t win we can't discover. 

1 E. Cubs OEOEIEEE2E(E3 et 11 1 Printers. 6§ 6 300010 4 11 2