---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: ''
id: '3884'
image: umpire_1918_090.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- New Era
- ' penal press'
- ' slacker'
- ' prison'
title: Now Many of Us Are The Prison Slackers?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NOW MANY OF US ARE THE PRISON SLACKERS?

In the following article the Editor of the New Era explains what a prison slacker really is. How many of them have we here?

A prison slacker is a walking politician who spends most of his time preparing “plausible’’ excuses for being exempted from work.

A prison slacker is one who constantly ‘bombards prison officials with petty tell-tales and magnified gossip of little truth and less importance, in order to promote his own welfare and for the sake of personal gain.

A prison slacker is a ‘‘moocher’” who constantly attempts to live at the expense of others, who could purchase the little luxuries of life, but refuses to spend the money.

A prison slacker is a man who hustles to the doctor early in the morning and complains of every imaginable ailment in order to escape work for the day.

A prison slacker is a beggar, who under the pretense of poverty and ‘‘necessity’’ solicits contributions for tobacco, books and various supplies from liberally inclined correspondents who often can ill afford such donations.

A prison slacker is a person who heedlessly violates prison rules that seriously jeopardize the welfare of the entire prison community.

A prison slacker is amoral coward who is afraid to assume the responsibility for his own mistakes.

A prison slacker is a despicable character who clips women’s names anda photographs from newspapers and magazines, and wilfully plays upon their sympathies, imploring them through misrepresentations to send him money he does not need. 

A prison slacker is that individual who always blames some one else for his downfall.

A prison slacker is a mistake in mud mixing—a specimen of manhood who is always down and out, an excuse of a human who will trim his best friends—a has-been who can never get anywhere because of his moth-eaten ideas and age-worn theories.