---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: ''
id: '3887'
image: umpire_1918_091.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

America will have 1,000,000 men in France by July 4th; double that number by Christmas, and after that something’s due to happen.

The Germans are reported to have a total of 3,600,000 men on the Western Front, 1,900,000 of whom are massed in preparation for the final drive. Backwards?

Major Lufberry, greatest of American flying men, meets his death in an aerial encounter with Hun flyers on the Western Front. Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori.

“Why limit the Army to 5,000,000?" asks President Wilson, in a New York address on the opening of the Red Cross Campaign for $100,000,000. Yep, make it 5,001,400, Mr. President.

Villa is again doing business at the old stand. Report has him threatening Juarez with a large force under his personal command. And we thought him safely in the “Movies.”

The cost of the U. S. for the coming fiscal year will be in excess af twenty-five billions, or more than two hundred and fifty dollars for every man woman and child, in the country. And where our two hundred and fifty isgoing to come from we don’t know.

Five hundred leaders of the Sinn Fein Party, arrested and deported from Ireland, in order to prevent a threatened uprising, including a prospective landing of German troops. Funny the Irish couldn’t be satisfied with a public quarrel, but should need to start a private one.

Sproul and Beidleman were victors in the May 21st Primaries for the Republican nomination for Governor and Lieutenant-Governor, respectively; while Judge Bonniwell leads the Democratic ticket. And Curly will be buying cigars for the remainder of his stay.

American troops now hold 15 miles of Front, in four different sectors of the line; at one point where the German push has been the hardest. This is a greater length of line than is held by the Belgian Army. Well, we’ve passed little Belgium, at any rate.

The aerial mail service between New York and Washington, via this city, is a marked success. The average time is slightly in excess of three hours, thus bettering by more than two hours the fastest express time. This is fastrr than we would care to have a letter of ours travel. We're afraid the sentiment might cool.