---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: ''
id: '3900'
image: umpire_1918_092.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Immates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. 

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block.

TYPEWRITING—Done at reasonable prlces and work guaranteed. B 7695, 6th Gallery.

TEACHING—Mandolin and Gultar 50c per month. B 7065, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—One clarinet and mandolin. Will sell reasonable. B 6452, 1st Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price, 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Patriotic watch fobs of U. S. and allied nations. Samples on hand. Call, B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furniture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames. All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.

WANTED——Shears and scissors to sharpen at 5c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821, 8th Block.

FOR SALF—A good strong rocking-chair. Going out soon. B 8043, 6 Block.

FOR SALE—Violin, $3.50. B 9057, 10 B. 

FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451, 1st Block. 

FOR SALE—Lady’s guitar. B 5449, 1st B.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent opportunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Century style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-cards; 10c and 15c each. Also oil-painted sacred hearts; 5c each.

FOR SALE—Victor talking-machine with 50 records. Price $8.00. B 9043, 11th Block.

FOR SALE—An accordion in the best of condition. Almost new. Double keys. B 5318, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—1 Reever’s oil painting outfit, $2.00. Also watch fobs 50c each, and horse-hair links made to go on end of fobs 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Block.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob of any design for $56 a dozen. Call and see my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B, 

FOR SALE—Birds, males and femajes; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block. 

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alse models and half models of ships. B 3847, 7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms, birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.