---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: ''
id: '3902'
image: umpire_1918_093.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war chest
- ' war effort'
- ' ESP news'
- ' patriotism'
- ' boxing'
- ' parade'
title: '"War Chest" Week A Great Success- Inmates Give Nearly Four Thousand Dollars'
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

"WAR CHEST" WEEK A GREAT SUCCESS—INMATES GIVE NEARLY FOUR THOUSAND DOLLARS

The Warden and Officers joined in the War Chest ranks by subscribing one day’s pay from each month for a year, beginning July 1st.

The First Section of the H. F. C. came out to the Yard on Saturday afternoon May 25th. 1918, without any man of them having the remotest idea of what was in store for him: they expected a Parade—and they had one; to take part in some athletic sports, and perhaps see a ball game; but they did not dream that before the afternoon was over, a majority of their number were to prove that though they may not at present, at least, fight their country’s battles, they could stand behind those who are fighting a battle which is ours, as much as all the world; and by lit- erally giving till it ‘‘hurt,’’ did all that they could do in the furthering of the great Cause of human liberty. 

They did their "bit’’ that day, and in the days that followed while Curly’s great War Chest ‘‘drive’’ was in progress; and proved themselves American to the core, by an example of unselfish sacrifice which, were it universally copied without these walls, would go far towards the winning of this war.

Every man of them knows that it is only by such giving that we, who may neither fight nor work for the country that we love better than life itself, can do it service. Certainly no finer thing has ever been done within these walls than the giving, of that afternoon, and the succeeding days; and the givers have surely earned all honor, have shown themselves Americans, and men; have shown themselves to be worthy of a better giving; of the giving of a real service, perhaps of life itself, to that Country for whom they are now doing all that is possible, under the circumstances, for them to do.

It must have been inspiration, that bright idea of Curly’s on that Saturday morning, that the members of the First Section be allowed to make individual contributions to the War Chest, and in so doing prove themselves Americans by both word and deed. Before Curly was half through his. explanation, the Warden had grasped the idea, and was telling him to go ahead; and the results of that permission are known to all.

The Parade was no more than disbanded, when a table was secured, and Curly mounting it, summoned to his aid B 9098, of the Bugle Corps, who sounded ‘‘Assembly.’’ The boys thought Curly was preparing to run for Lieutenaut-Governor, or some such office; and when he had properly aroused their curiosity by megaphoning a few aimless remarks into the surrounding atmosphere he revealed to them his real intent, which was that the Inmates, prevented by circumstance from doing that which they would most wish to do, could at least do the thing at hand, give their mite to the filling of the War Chest that was to provide for the needs of our Soldiers and Sailors; and just to start things, as it were, he dropped in $25. 00 with a resounding thud; a sum which was to be duplicated several times before the ending of the Drive.

B 9131 and B 8101 were the first to follow the good example set, with an equal sum, which was likewise duplicated several times before the finish, and from then on until the final ‘‘drive’’ on Tuesday afternoon the giving never ceased while the opportunity existed. It came in large sums; fifty and one hundred dollars; it fell to so small a sum as two cents which was all the giver had, and which really counted as much as the others’ hundreds. Liberty Bonds and War Savings Stamps were given—all was fish to Curly’s net—and not content with giving once there were many who came back and gave the sum they had held out for a possible need. It is seldom indeed that so supreme an example of unselfishness is given in such place as this.

The appearance of Warden Robert J. McKenty in the Yard in the course of the afternoon was a signal for an outburst of applause, and a unanimous demand that he say a few words to the boys. Mounting the ‘‘platform,’’ the Warden spoke feelingly of what was being done; of what a fine and wonderful thing it was, and how the generous spirit shown had touched, tho it had not surprised him—you see he knew his boys—and then went on to tell of how the outside world was giving, and cited, as an instance, the case of “Bill,” our chauffeur, who was leaving on the next Monday morning for the Training-camp, and eventually for France, leaving behind him a wife, and small child, and a good position. He said he knew what they wanted to do the manlier thing, to take their place with their brothers in the trenches that keep the world safe from the Hun, and he
hoped to see them all given the chance, and that before long, and retired under cover of the applause provoked by this statement. 

It was shortly afterward that Curly commandeered the peanuts Rube had provided for the Games, and a good-natured scramble followed as he flung them by handfuls among the crowd; sports were forgotten in the excitement of this new thing, and self-sacrifice . was the order of the day. The Thousand Dollar mark was passed shortly before the blowing of the bugle, and it’s sounding found Curly still busy at his post calling out sums and donors’ numbers to a corps of clerks. 

The E. S. P. lovers of the manly art of self-defense had a real treat at the conclusion of Monday’s Special Outing for the 2nd Section, and the Gift-bearers of Saturday. During a recess in the War Chest Drive the Warden decided his boys were more deserving of a little harmless recreation in order to work up an appetite for that Memorial Day— Dutch Cake. By way of variety, a set of six ounce gloves were produced, and a couple of local light-weights were enticed by Curly— they didn’t need much enticing—to enter a hastily formed arenain frontof the Speaker’s table. They were, Gordon, B 7039, and that versatile athlete Barney. They boxed three fast two-minute rounds, with the Warden refereeing, and Curly piaying the double role of time-keeper and ‘‘ticket-taker’’ and charging the spectators anything from three to five dollars a round, according to the apparent prowess of the "victims."

The next match was a real “‘swat-fest’’ between our well-known “Doc’’ and the newcomer in our midst, B 9163. They mixed it “up pretty lively for three altogether too short rounds. The first round was abdut even, with each man apparently feeling his opponent out—in fact, ‘‘Doc’’ felt for his opponent several times without being able to connect. They seemed to have found one anothers weak points, for in the next round “Doc’’ stopped several straight-armed jabs Curly’s generalship, then the Donors, then with his nose, while "Yank" had the pleasure of being on the receiving end of a number of short jolts to the ribs. The Warden called “time’’ a little prematurely on this act, thus giving Curly an opportunity to extract a few more shekels, —Harry, please  take notice—from the crowd, while the boxers were getting their wind for the final round. This round was a pippin, they both mixed it up to the delight of the ring-side patrons.

The Second Day’s Drive

When “Curly’’ had lookt over the total of Saturday’s giving, and recovered from the attack of smiles that immediately set in, he was at once anxious to try his luck with the 2nd Section, and see what they wished to do for the boys who are fighting their country’s battles. It wasn’t hard to gain the Warden’s consent to a half holiday Monday. With the 2nd. Section, came out those members of the 1st. Section who bad contributed to the Fund, and these formed a separate section at the head of the Parade, armed with the ‘Banner bearing in bold letters, WE GAVE $1062.80 TO THE WAR CHEST. WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE? If they could have guessed what the 2nd. Section would do that afternoon, they wouldn’t have felt so cocky, for the Boys of that section quite demolished the record made on the previous Saturday by subscribing a total of more than eighteen hundred dollars to the Fund. The Red Cross workers headed the Parade, under Curly's generalship, then the Donors, then the Blocks, and Galleries of the 2d Section in order; and a fine showing they made. 

The Parade over, Curly mounted his rostrum, called the "boys" to attention, and asked them to notice what their fellows had given; and he assured them that they had his permission to surpass it if they could. 

Curly started things going again with another Twenty-five, and they came right back at him. Dollars were soon dropping into the Chest at a rate which promised to fill it in short order; it remained so all the afternoon.

Mrs. Smitherman of the Urquhart Red Cross Auxiliary appeared on the scene in the course of the afternoon, and after watching the proceedings for some time was induced to say a few words to the men. Escorted to the platform by the Warden, she spoke in the highest terms of praise of the wonderful work that was being done, and finally became so enthused over our giving as to herself add $68.80 to our Fund. Mr. Harry L. Jenkins was also present, and helped us out with a gift of $20.00; Mr. Gailenbach also contributed $5.00 in our name; ‘‘Bill McKenty, not content with fighting for his country, also fought for us to the tune of $5.00; while ‘‘Johnnie’’ helped us out with a dollar, and the Warden, determined that little Jimmy O—O’s name should be on that Roll of Honor, put down a dollar in his name, as he did also for others who were themselves unable to give; the Chaplain gav: $5.00 to a Cause which brings back old memories to him. Prof. Weigandt gave $15.00 to the Cause, and to help us.

But the heroes of the occasion were ‘‘Barnesy, B 7307; “Yorky’’ B 5165; and ‘‘Bobby’’ B 5023; who proved themselves to be the best of Americans, and the truest of patriots by giving all their hard-earned savings of years within these walls to a cause which they felt to be greater than their need. ‘‘Barnesy’s name leads all the rest in so far as amount given is concerned, while the two latter were the proud possessors of Liberty Bonds, and these they gave also to the tune of three apiece, besides giving all the ready cash they were possessed of, confident that the future would take care of itself, and that they would not lose by giving to such acause as this. One after another, Curly called them to the platform, and explained to the “boys’’ the measure of the sacrifice that they had made, and verily they had their reward, for with the exception of the ovation tendered Curly in the Hall on Tuesday morning, few Inmates within these walls bave so received—and so earned—such applause as was given them by their fellows. They were cheered to the echo by the “boys,’’ atribute which almost brought the tears.

At the conclusion of the boxing-bouts—a full account of which will be found elsewhere— the few remaining minutes of the afternoon were devoted to resting after the strenuous giving of the two days before going home(?) to that perfect rest that comes from the Red Cross workers headed the Parade, under knowledge of a good deed ‘well done.