---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: ''
id: '3907'
image: umpire_1918_095.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' patriotiism'
- ' war chest'
title: War Chest "Fillings"
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WAR CHEST “FILLINGS”

And just how much of that War Chest did you fill?

Our sole regret is, not that we haven’t but one life to give for our Country, but that Curly didn’t ask for two ‘‘Dutch’’ Cakes, instead of one. 

Dynamite was once used in an attempt to extract money from Russel Sage, we are informed; but without success. What a pity Curly never had a chance at him.

It is a serious matter for an epidemic to break out in a prison, but when it happens to be an epidemic of giving, as on this occasion; it isn’t many who would wish to be immune.

“My hat is off to the Boysof the E. S. P.,” remarked one of the ladies of the visiting War Chest Committee, as she watched Bobby “who is ‘‘doing it all” drop a Liberty Bond into the War Chest.”

Three cheers and a tiger for Barnesy, Yorkie, Bobby, Reddy Jake,and Schwartzy.! ! They are going about the Yard looking like pluckt eagles; each wearing the smile-that- won’t-come-off. We wish we may be able " to bear our future honors as modestly.

Fred the carpenter said, “five times five for mine, Curly,” This caused Curly to call for three cheers for Fred, who called out ‘‘I’m not buying cheers, but will give twenty-five more if you’ll do the same, and then we will “cheer for each other;” and immediately there was another fifty in the War Chest.

We must beg leave to correct that Bulletin reporter. We did not pay $4,000 for 1,400 “Dutch Cakes.” We like ’em but not that ‘much. We gave $4.000 to the men who are doing the work that we would gladly help in doing, and are denied the giving of such help, so gave we what we could. The ‘‘Dutch Cakes’’ were but the reward of Curly’s “nerve’’ and the virtues of the rest of us.

We don’t know his name, or his number; " but we do know that his voice sounded good to us, When we overheard him say to the Warden. “Warden, I’m broke, but I go out on Tuesday, and I wish you would let me give two dollars of my Gate money.” You may equal this spirit, but you can’t beat it. Most of us feel just that way,and still they insist on Keeping us here, instead of putting us on the job of licking the Kaiser.

Now just take the cases of Lefty and Steve. Lefty’s bank-roll amounted to twenty-seven cents; Steve was more prosperous, and could possibly be termed a moneyed man, he having at least twenty-nine cents to his credit. Did they give? They did. Each came across with ‘‘two bits,” next month they will each chew postage stamps instead of tobacco. If that isn’t giving until it hurts, what is it? And echo answers not one darn word.