---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: ''
id: '3908'
image: umpire_1918_095.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- poetry
- ' letter'
- ' Jane Gates'
- ' Honor Club'
- ' gift'
title: 'Mrs. Jane Gates "Little Mother" Of The Honor & Friendship Club: An Appreciation'
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

TO MRS. JANE GATES 
“LITTLE MOTHER” OF THE HONOR & FRIENDSHIP CLUB 
AN APPRECIATION

O Little Mother, were these blooms undying, 
They would be even as your good deeds are; 
Your words that give new courage for the trying, To be faithful to our Star: 
To that white Star of womanhood, 
Whose thought and motto is "Do Good.”

Heavy freighted is each bloom we send you,
With deep and heart-felt gratitude of ours; 
To you,and that bright presence that attends you, 
More odorous than these flowers: 
To vivify the darkened soul, 
And point it to a better goal.

O Dear, and Little Mother of our hearts,
Be pleased to take the little gift we send;
You’ve healed so many of our wounds, and smarts, 
Have caused so many too-proud knees to bend; 
The blossoms that we give to you, 
Are but a memory of your due. 

To the Members of the Honor And Friendship Club:

I cannot find words in my puny vocabulary to thank the members of the Honor and Friendship Club for the lovely basket of flowers they so kindly sent me. I could not keep back the tears, I was so impressed. Our lives are all Crucified between smiles and tears, and tears for many loved ones of my own, make my sympathy for you all deeper; I wish I cculd do more, but: since I can’t, I earnestly pray that the Great and truer. Comforter may bring the balm that no earthly hand can give. 

LITTLE MOTHER.