---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: ''
id: '3910'
image: umpire_1918_095.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war chest
- ' patriotism'
- ' editorial'
title: The War Chest in Safe Hands
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE WAR CHEST IN SAFE HANDS

The War Chest saves and serves. bt saves your money and mine. It saves valuable energies by devoting them to one big drive instead of to many little ones. It saves the wear and tear on the willingness of the solicitor and the good nature of the solicited. To be sure, in these crucial hours nona must resent being asked for anything, for whatever we do to help our country is done to help ourselves. The drain on income rears a barrier before our own threshold against the red-handed and black-hearted Hun. But it is to the public advantage that the heavy extra taxes that war imposes should be collected with as little fret and friction as possible. Therefore, this enterprise is committed to the furtheranee of men of affairs, men who are accustomed to cutting out the ‘‘excess baggage’” in their own buisness. All the steadfast house to house and office to office canvassing by volunteers, who go unrewarded except by the virtuous sense of duty done, is hard work; but it is work that is made easier when you and I meet their patriotic spirit half way at least. Experts have on the worth of the claims presented. You and I can give to the War Chest in the full assurance that there is no graft. By every contribution we support not merely the list of charities named but the morale of the men at the front, behind whom we stand inflexibly for freedom.