---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: ''
id: '3913'
image: umpire_1918_096.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- letter
- ' war'
- ' war effort'
- ' prison'
- ' enlistment'
title: They Give Their Money and Offer Their Lives
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THEY GIVE THEIR MONEY AND OFFER THEIR LIVES

In the effort to serve the Country, and help our men to consecrate themselves to a new life, the Chaplain opened a correspondence with the heads of the Government. The following letters will indicate their personal willingness to aid us, and the technical legal difficulties:

THE WHITE HOUSE 
WASHINGTON 
Personal December 21, 1917. 

My dear Sir:

I have your letter of December 19th, and, by the President’s direction, I am bringing it to the attention of the Secretary of War.

Sincerely yours, 
(Signed) JOSEPH P. TUMULTY, 
Secretary to the President. 
REV. JOSEPH WELCH, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

WAR DEPARTMENT 
THE ADJUTANT GENERAL’S OFFICE 
WASHINGTON 
December, 27, 1917.

REV. JOSEPH WELCH,
Moral Instructor,
Eastern State Penitentiary, 
Philadelphia, Pa.,
Dear Sir:

Your letter of the 19th instant, addressed to Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Secretary to the President, has been referred to this Department for consideration. With reference to your suggestion as to the placing “in the military service of those confined in a penitentiary, I am directed by the Secretary of War to advise you as follows:

Section 1118, U. S. Revised Statutes, prohibited the enlistment in the military service of certain persons, including deserters and those who had been convicted of a felony. That portion of the section relating to the enlistment of deserters was modified by an act of Congress approved August 22, 1913, and in line with the spirit of the act, the War Department is doing everything it can to save to the military service deserters and others convicted of minor military offenses. However, the portion of the law referred to which precludes the enlistment of persons who have been convicted of a felony is still in force, and necessarily precludes favorable action on your suggestion.

Very respectfully, 
J. S. JONES, 
Adjutant General.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER 
HARRISBURG
March 26, 1918. 

REV. JOSEPH WELCH,
Moral Instructor,
Eastern State Penitentiary, 
Philadelphia, Pa. 
My Dear Mr Welch:

I have had the matter to which you refer in your letter of March twenty-second under advisement with the Attorney General of the Commonwealth, ard I shall again urge him, if possible, to find a way to do the thing you have in mind.

I believe with you that some good could be accomplished and the cause of good government made more secure if heed were given to your thought, which is in harmony with my own.

Very truly yours, 
M. G. BRUMBAUGH.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER 
HARRISBURG 
April 8, 1918. 

REV. JOSEPH WELCH, 
Moral Instructor, 
Eastern State Penitentiary, 
Philadelphia, Pa., 
My dear Mr Welch:

Upon receipt of your letter of March twenty-second I communicated with the Attorney General of the Common seeking his legal guidance as to whether or not the proposition you announced could be carried out. Under date of March twenty-eighth Mr. Brown acknowledged the letter and said that the matter would have to come up in the regular way before the Board of Pardons at its next meeting.

In the meantime I learn that he, the Attorney General, communicated with the President of the Board of Pardons, Hon. Frank B. McClain, Lieutenant-Governor, and Mr. McClain in his answer to the Attorney General under date of March thirtieth called his attention to the great protest that went up a year ago when the United States Government made a similar proposition, and doubts whether the military service would profit by the release of criminals for military service.

He is, however, of the opinion that the prisoners could be used for public works conducted by the Commonwealth and I am taking up that matter with the Attorney General again as I have in the past, to ascertain whether it is possible under the laws of this Commonwealth to do this. My judgment, therefore, would be that if you wish to push this matter further astatement addressed to the Board of Pardons, giving your interpretation of the matter would be of weight when they take it formally under consideration. Very truly yours, 
M. G. BRUMBAUGH.

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY 
REV. JOSEPH WELCH, 
Moral Instructor
Philadelphia, Pa.
April 12th. 1818. 

His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR, 
MARTIN G. BRUMBAUGH, 
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. 
My Dear Governor:

I have received your favor of the 8th inst., and appreciate very highly your sympathy with the purpose in view. I understand the scruples of the Lieutenant-Governor, but am convinced that they are not necessarily an obstacle to his co-operation. The condition of the country and the state of mind of our people have changed very much since the time referred to by the Lieutenant-Governor.

A section of the Revised Statutes of the United States, does forbid the employment of a felon in the military or naval service. But it has been ruled by our Courts, that a Pardon re-instates the possesor in his position and privileges, as though no fault had ever been committed.

In a correspondence that I had with the Sec’y of the Navy, he expresses himself as willing to receive a former member of the navy, pardoned of a criminal sentence, while absent from his ship, subject only to his going before a Court Martial to answer for ‘‘absence without leave’’ from his ship.

It seems to me, that in the present situation of the country, we ought to use all available ‘‘manpower,” as it is termed, that we can find. I would have the men selected by our Prison Authorities, confident that they would rate with the average of those now serving.

We are receiving an equal number into the Prison,with those discharged. The labor spoken of, can be rendered by those not fit for army or navy service.

Very respectfully yours, 
JOS. WELCH., 
Moral Insturctor.