---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: ''
id: '3915'
image: umpire_1918_097.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK 

Tuesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics
The Athletics thought they had the game cinched by pulling off 4 runs in the 2nd, inning and so startled the Cubs that they almost took to the tall timber; but in the 6th inning they rallied sufficiently to hammer out 4 hits, which produced 3 runs and left them in possession of the ‘‘bloody’’ field.

Cubs vs. Printers
Monday’s tie-game between the Cubs and Printers was played off today, and what the Cubs did to those Press-men was a shame. The Cubs had to use a cash register to add up their runs, and almost wore outa dozen balls; and half of them are suffering from sore feet from their frequent trips around the bases. It was more of a casualty list than a score.

Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Cubs 
The Printers were out for revenge in todays game and touched up the Cub’s pitcher, B 8707, for five singles, wheedled 6 free passes out of him, while one bold spirit permitted himself to be beaned that he might reach 1st, base, but with all that they only got 5 runs. 

Yanks vs. Athleties 
The Yanks found Willie and Frank for one 3 bagger, 8 singles, and 9 free passes with one Warrior hit by pitched ball, and managed to amass 6 runs from this total; while the A’s were forced to be content with a measly 2 runs. 

Friday’s Games 

Athletics vs. Yanks 
The A’s were too strong for the Yanks in today’s game and batted Bud all over the lot in the first three rounds, getting two doubles, 9 singles, and two victims beaned, for a total of 9 runs. Larry was then called upon to stop the massacre but was himself hit up for a homer, a double, and two singles which produced 2 runs, there was no stopping those A’s. 

Athletics vs. Yanks 
The A’s won a hotly contested game off the Yanks today by a score of 3 to 1, altho but two of these were earned as Slick the “Ump” got rattled, presented the A’s with a run and then quit; while Bobby went in and called them for the rest of the game. 

Printers vs. Cubs 
It was a close contest between the Printers and the Cubs in today’s game: a pitchers battle until the last inning, when the Press- men nosed out the Bear-cats by a margin of the Press-men, lining out a 2 bagger which brought in 3 runs.