---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: ''
id: '3919'
image: umpire_1918_097.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Maud Ballington Booth
- ' prison'
- ' war effort'
title: Prisoners and the War
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PRISONERS AND THE WAR

Should carefully selected men from our State Prisons be sent to defend the Liberty at the front? This is a question that is receiving considerable attenticn at present, and one that the ‘‘Little Mother,” Mrs Ballington Booth has especially voiced in and out of prison, for the last few months. The other day Mrs. Booth was favored with an interview by the President of the United States, the Secretary of War, Mr. Baker, and other Statesmen, at Washington.

Mrs. Booth found the President intensely interested in the subject, deeply moved when he was informed about the splendid work hundreds of prisoners are doing in support of the Red Cross, local patriotic funds, ard the purchase of War Stamps and Liberty Bonds. Mrs. Booth pointed out that there was a mass of opinion favorable to the drafting of men from the prisons, and that in respectof health, capacity to work, discipline and patriotism the ‘‘boys’’ were especially qualified to form a clever fighting force on the other side of the Atlantic. Mrs. Booth said it was no part of her idea that the prisoners should leave their respective prisons and form a special regiment, but that they should be merged in the various divisions of the Army. Their identity would not be known in the battle- field although on their service flag they would be honored and remembered in the prisons from which they had been drafted. The President expressed his pleasure at the report. The difficulties were naturally discussed with Secretary Baker, and it is a satisfaction to Mrs. Booth, that every known fact and argument in support of the proposition has been laid before the President and his advisers, and she is confident that the subject will now be seriously and fully discussed.