---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: ''
id: '3921'
image: umpire_1918_098.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- June
- ' editorial'
title: June
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

JUNE

Perhaps we should have written a sermon, or a treatise, or an essay on right thinking, or living; but we’re going to write a rhapsody instead, and our theme is June. June, the month of roses, and sunshine, and orange- blossoms; of stone-bruises, and green apple pains. June, when the water in the “Ole swimmin’ hole’’ is just right, and there’s a hurdy-gurdy on every block.

June, when cherry-pie succeeded to strawberry-shortcake in celler-way, and Automat, and the old ox-heart tree in the calves pas- ture is a seventh heaven till the limb breaks. June, when you go strolling with your best girl in the gloaming, and—mystery of mysteries—no matter which way you go, you invariably end at a soda-fountain, or an ice-cream parlor, thus proving that there is an as yet undiscovered force more powerful than gravitation. June, when moonlight is more dangerous to the youthful bachelor than dynamite to the ten-year-old, and twice as fazal; when the casual passer-by of the park bench is interested in observing Johnny with both arms busily protecting Marie from the attacks of au infuriated glow-worm. June, when the Family Picnic, and the Ice-Cream Festival are abread in the land, and the cry of ‘‘Kill the umpire!” rings joyously from every vacant lot.

June, when the click of the lawn mower is the eve’n-song of the suburbs, and the hammock creaks beneath a double burden June, when it is the small boy’s pastime, and delight to gallop down the middle of the broad highway, ankle-deep in yellow dust, and leaving a smoke-screen behind him which would make one of our destroyer squadrons blush for it’s efforts. June, when you sit on the porch-steps in the velvety dusk, while a whip-poor-will is calling from the orchard, or the phonograph next-door is playing the End of a Perfect Day, and you reach out, and grope for ‘‘Somebody’s’’ hand, and are met half-way—June, and what do you know of it?