---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: ''
id: '3922'
image: umpire_1918_098.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Memorial Day
- ' holiday'
- ' parade'
- ' army demonstration'
- ' ESP news'
title: Memorial Day at the E.S.P.
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MEMORIAL DAY AT THE E. S. P.

It was marked by ‘‘everybody out’’ for the first time in the Institution’s history on a Holiday; that everybody had a good time goes without saying. Rain in the morning hours prevented the festivities planned for that portion of the day, but the afternoon’s pleasures fully made up for any loss incurred. There was a Parade, which was a Parade, with Scotty’s ‘‘Black Watch’’ stepping proudlv to the music of the Band, and Curly’s Red Cross Warriors doing their utmost to emulate if not surpass them.

But the notable event of the day was the visit of Lieutenant Clark and his Alien Squad, and their drills, tableaux etc; given for our benefit. The Warden introduced the Lieut- enant to us; not forgetting a few generous words of praise for ourselves anent our recent gift to the War Chest. The Lieutenant expressed his great pleasure at knowing of our self-sacrifice, saying, "It shows truly that you are more than alive, and that with you, your country still comes first: that you still ring true when put to the test. I have with me today what we call the camp Dix Alien Squad. composed of 15 men, and a Sergeant, all enemy born; but today soldiers of your Uncle Sam, and true-blue Americans. They represent ten different Nationalities, and almost as many different religions; proving that neither religion nor birth really matters compared with love of country.

I have also with me, members of the various organizations who are co-operating with our Army to make a successful finish of the work in hand. I know you men would be more useful were you in some branch of the Service, and I sincerely trust the day may not be far distant when you, too, may have your chance.

The Lieutenant blew his whistle, and there stood forth as fine a looking body of men as any Army could boast of. Again the whistle shrilled, the men ranged themselves along the wall, the sergeant stepped forward and saluted saying, ‘‘Sir, Squads formed;’’ the Lieutenant returned the salute and called “Number One.” Number One man stepped forward, a husky Dutchman from Holland; Numbers Two a Turk; Number Three and Four, both German; Number five a Greek; Number Six an Austrian; Number Seven an Assyrian; Number. Eight an Russian Jew; Number Nine an Italian; Number Ten an Austrian Jew; Number Eleven an Serbian; Number Twelve an Austrian; Number Thir- teen an Hungarian; Number Fourteen an Austrian; Number fifteen an Italian.

The Sergeant then put his men through the Manual of Arms; then commanded ‘‘Stand at Ease’’ while Lieutenant Clark again used his whistle. At the first blast two Red Cross Nurses stepped forth; then two Knights of Columbus; next two Salvation Army Lassies; then Two Y. M. C. A. Workers; then two Ladies from the Hostage House at Camp Dix; then two Boy Scouts in full uniform; thus giving us a full representation of all the adjuncts of our Army. The last time the whistle sounded and they marched forth from our midst leaving us wishing very much that we might follow them to the facing of such task as theirs.