---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: ''
id: '3926'
image: umpire_1918_099.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

War Chest Fund in Philadelphia District over the $20,000,000 mark. And we helped fill that too.

32 Boche aeroplanes shot down by American flyers, to date. Seven of our own planes lost. We call that about the right proportion.

Huns are said to be planting Bear Traps in No Mans Land. Here is a chance for us to retaliate by planting some Skunk Traps in the same territory.

Hun Drive apparently stopped for the moment. British, French and Americans holding on all Fronts. And they’re not holding hands, either.

Charles W. Fairbanks, Ex-Vice President of the United States dies at Indianapolis, age 66 years. There’ll be many a quart of buttermilk drank in memory of him.

The Red Cross has its hundred million and more, and now the Y. M. C. A. is out for a hundred million. But it’s no use their applying to us, we're busted.

One Million Youths who have reached the age of 21 since June 5th of last year, will be registered on that date, ready to be called into their country’s service. Are you among that million?

Supreme Court decides Fedaral Child Labor Law of 1916, forbidding inter-State shipment fo products of Child Labor, unconstitutional. “Let them have a long, long playtime, Lord of Toil, when toil is done.

Five monster U-boats off coast. Ten ships sunk with the loss of 58 lives. American Destroyer routs one in spirited fight. Better say your prayers, boy, before going to bed, for the Schuylkill is rather handy.

New York in darkness. Coney Island and Broadway White Light dimmed by order of police for fear of U-boat Raiders This should make New York safer than ever, for many a gallant craft has sunk on the Great White Way.

Men who can sing are much desired in the Army and Navy to liven up the Boys. Wish they’d draft a few of our "Song Birds’’ out of here. We have some ‘‘Nightingales” we could spare very easily.

Ireland is called upon to furnish 50,000 volunteers at once, and from two to three thousand monthly henceforth, to escape conscription. Will the Irish refuse this opportunity to get into a first-class row?