---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: ''
id: '3936'
image: umpire_1918_100.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
- ' games'
- ' sports'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate Meetings of June 4thand 11th, the following were admitted to membership in the Club: B 9206—10c; 9207, 9231, 9236—25¢; 9122, 9224, 9233, 9232, 9228, 9208, 9230, 9226, 9227, 9234, 9238, 9237, 9203, 9229, 6103, 9168, 9199, 9124, 9213, 9215, 9221, 9197, 9225, 9223, 9200, 9205, 9218, 9220. The report of the Treasurer showed a balance of $51.12 in the Ciub Treasury. The appointment of B 8669 as Delegate for the 9th Block, and B 7021 as Delegate for the 6th Block was announced. B 8261 was elected Assistant to the President, as a slight token of the esteem in which he is held by the Club for his arduous and continuing labors in behalf of it, and his fellow Inmates.

Expenditures are for the three weeks from May 25 to June 15, inclusive. War saving Stamps, $3.00; The Walter Jacobs Co. Music for Orchestra, $6.00 (this covered by collection); Standard Jobbing Co. 6 doz. Sweatbands, $2.70; B 8048 Loan, $3.00; Taxi-hire, peanuts, etc. $1.75; B 6605 Loan, $10.00 (secured on Commission credit); B 8179 Loan, $3.00; To War Chest Fund $10.68(this in the name of those Inmates, willing but financially unable to do their ‘‘bit’’); B 7991 Loan $5.00; to Institution, replace unpaid contributions to Music Fund, $0.70; B 8517 Loan $1.00; Johnson & Prince, for 3700 Mimeographed Letters, $15.50; B 6103 Loan, $2.00. For Articles purchased to be re-sold by the Club, B 7978, Necklaces, etec., $13.30; B 6343, Flag Pins etc., $2.94; B 5165, Watch Fobs etc., $7.80; B 7610, Flag Pins, etc., $8.25; B 7576, Commission on Sales of Waste Paper, $6.63: B 9075 Making Caps for Officers and Delegates, $9.20: B 7241, Rings .75; B 8997, Picture Frames $8.60; B 7546, Flag Pins, $2.97; B 6449, Rings $4.20; B 8714 Watch Fobs, $1.75; B 7634, Flag Pins, $5.00; B 7598, Daisy Chains, $2 10; B 8989, Pin-cushion, 40c; B 8380, Watch Fobs, etc., $3.65; B 8936 Swivels, 90c; B 3079, Picture Frames, $6.00; B 8045, Loan $4.00; Strings etc, for Orchestra $7.74 (covered by Collection).

Receipts for same period: From Circulating Library, $24.00; Donations, $2.10; Sales in Library, $1.50; Sale of waste paper etc., $66.36.

Last Saturday’s half-holiday was the second under the “Everybody out!” ruling, and passed off just as pleasurably as the first. There was not a sign of disorder among the nearly fourteen hundred nen out; all were on thair best behavior, seemingly determined toshow the Warden, and the Board of Inspectors just how deep was their apprecia- tion of their action in giving the entire House a weekly half-holiday in the open air, and how sincere was their resolve to justify by their works the confidence reposed in them.

It was a magnificent day for parading with just the right mixture of sun and breeze to make a man feel glad he was alive, and not a German; and the boys made a fine appearance in the line,that double it’s usual length, wound twice about the Institution, with Flags and Banners waving proudly in the stiff breeze, while Prof. Weigandt, and his Bandsmen,and the Bugle Corps, and Curley ‘s dcum, with his fife artists waked all the echoes of tha Institution,and set them flyin .

The Militant Section of the Parade; Curly’s celebrated E. S. P. Volunteers, awakened much favorable comment as they swung along, each man with one eye on his neigh- bor, and the other on Curly; and each one moralily certain that everybody was out of step but he —yes, they looked fine; and their General had good reason to be proud of them as they wheeled smartly into ‘‘Parade Front’’ before the Reviewing stand, and stood stiffly at “Attention’’ while the Color-bearers went down the Line with the Standards, then to swing back into column formation, and follow Old Glory as gaily, and as gladly as they would follow it on foreign battle-field. If the Kaiser could but have seen then, and marked the do-or-die; and we-wonder-if we’re-doing-it-right and will-Curly-be-pleased expression on their faces, he would nave undoubtedly have called the war off, and tried for a job on the. Chautauqua Circuit, but more’s the pity he couldn’t see them, and Curly with all his genius didn’t think of having a photo made, but we hope he’ll take the hint, and rectify this omission. Anyway, they looked the veterans of two weeks that they really are, and if there were Curly kept them carefully camouflaged—there, we vowed we’d never use that word again.

And after the parade, there was amusement tor all tastes. For the studious plenty of quiet nooks wherein to loaf and invite one’s soul; for the conversationally inclined comrades enough; and there were the games enough for all, and of a variety to suit all tastes. Croquet, Chess, Checkers, Dominoes, Quoits, an exciting game of ball in one section of the Yard, with an aura of frenzied fans imploring Kelly to ‘‘clide,’’ or chanting in chorus, “Kill the Ump!” while a Cabaret Show with all the vicious features eliminated was in full blast in another corner, where tuneful tenors, etc., thrilled the audience with their versions of the latest songs, patriotic songs, with everybody joining in the Chorus, and Masters of the Dance, and Dancing Masters, exhibited their skill to cheers and hand-clapping. Certainly it was a large afternoon.