---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3940'
image: umpire_1918_101.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

And now the Hon. Reuben C. is out on the trail, and we expect to hear of his return almost any day with a delinquent P. V. or two, in his train.

Mr. Abe Shaw, Jr., succeeds as Librarian, and is prepared to furnish anything from Plane Trigonometry to ‘‘Ten Acres and Liberty,” with equanimity, urbanity and despatch.

Mr John W. McKenty attended the meeting of the Pardon Board at Harrisburg two days of last week, and strove valiantly to grease the ways for some of our applicants for freedom. And he was successful in bringing home the bacon in several instances.

Mack, erstwhile director of our Red Cross work. descended on us Sunday in full uniform of the Ambulance Corps, and announced that he would be sailing for the ‘‘Other Side’’ on Tuesday, and that also about that date he would be wearing the chevrons of a Sergeant. Berlin papers, please copy.

Mr. Joseph Ursenbach has left the classic shades of the Library for the wider sphere of activity implied by a clerkship in the Parole Office, where he is seen every day patiently practising that smile wherewith the veteran clerk is prone to speed the parting guest.

Mr. E J. Connolly has passed from the comparative obscurity of the Parole Office to bask in the fierce white light which beats upon the Front Office, where those who retain pleasant recollections of his justly famous smile may find him any working-day between the hours of 9 and 4.

Prof. Weigandt, for some nine years Musical Director, and Conductor of the E. S. P. Band, will be leaving us on the First of July, and there is a deep and abiding gloom about the purlieus of the Band Room, for when will they look upon his like again. Patient, considerate, helpful in ali that the word implies, and a master of his art, he will be missed by all.

Messrs. Bendel, Fairman, Pierce, Goldsmith and Jas. Collins, of the D:y Force, and Messrs. Nugent, Irwin, Clothkerty and Tweed, of the Night Guards, are back from a ten-days vacation. and report fish and mosquitoes biting equally well, and that spy-hunting was never better. None of them report any U-boat captures, tho one gentleman reports seeing one, but as this was at 3a m. of a ‘‘wel’’ morning— well, it may have been something eise.