---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3941'
image: umpire_1918_101.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK 

Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Athletics
The A’s started off finely, by collecting a full house; i. e. a brace of two baggers, and a trio of singlesoff Bobbie’s delivery in the 1st inning; but this pace was to swift for their nerves, and they at once went to their old and safer plan of gathering a basket-full of goose-eggs; while the Printers recovering from their surprise, attacked fiercely in the 5th and 6th innings and succeeded in recover- ing all the ground lost, and a liittle more.

RS H. E. Printers 0000120 3 3 0 Athletics 2000000 2 5 2 

Cubs vs. Yanks 
The Cubs went on the rampage, and the Yanks were utterly unable to hold them down; they solved Harvey’s curves, and hung the Indian sign on him for fair while the Yank’s defence was about as effective as mosquito-netting against sixteen inch shells; results, a score of 7 to 3 in favor of the Cubs and a Committee of Investigation sitting on the Yanks.

R. H. E. Cubs 30004 7 i/ b Yanks 200001 3 2kl

Friday’s Games

Printers vs. Athletics
The A’s used up two twirlers in trying to stay the triumphal march to viectory of the Printers in today’s game, but to no avail; the Press-men made ‘‘pi’’ of all their efforts, and quit wearing the large end of an 11 to 8 score. The game was featured by a home-run by Williamsport, and double-plays by Kelly, Jack, and Lavender; and kept the fans in a frenzy of excitement.

H. E. Printers Sy 8 Al skl 8 ) Athleties 1000002 3 5 3

Bobby was on the mound for the Printers striking out 9, walking 2, allowing 5 hits. Frank was taken out at the end of the 4th inning after striking out 3, walkirg 4, beanning 2, and allowing 7 hits. Lavender then went to the rescue of the A's, striking out 1, walking 1, and allowing 1 hit.
Two-baggers—Jacoby, Stump,.and B 9234.
Umpire—Hook.

Cubs vs Yanks
The Cubs remembered the combination, in so far as Harvey was concerned, and slammed the pill all over the yard, reaching him for 6 hits, and free transportation for 3. D. C. was a bit wild, but the Yanks seemed unable, or were too much the gentlemen to take advantage of the fact, and D. C. was right there with a free pass for almost anyone who asked, but most got off at the flrst station refusing to ride further at the gentlmen’s expence.

R. H. E. Cubs 04123290 6 6 2 Yanks 000011 2 3 3

Three bagger —Dock 
Double-play—Mally. 
Umpire—O’Brien.

Monday’s Games

Printers vs. Yankees
The Printers seemed to hit the Yank’s pitchers almost at will in today’s game, altho the unforunate Yanks used up three of them in their attempt to stop the ‘‘Presses;’’ while Jacoby pitched a water-tight game for the Press-men, and was never in danger from the first inning when the Yanks managed to grab off the run which saved them from a superior brand of kalsomining.

Printers 0004410 9 13 3 Yanks 12002080 xSl BEeA(

Double—play by John.
3-bagger— B 8812.
2-baggers—Bobbie, Jacoby, Baum, Johnny and Bud. A
Struck out by Jacoby, 7; by Spookie, 3, Bud, 1; by Saxophone, O.
Umpire—O’Brien.

Cubs vs. Athletics
Cubs 1 0 2 2 0 2