---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3942'
image: umpire_1918_101.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- prison administration
- ' retirement'
- ' welcome'
- ' ESP news'
title: A Tribute, and a Welcome
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A TRIBUTE, AND A WELCOME

It is with sincere regret that we chronicle the retirement to private life on July 1st, next, of Mr. Peter Enckler, Deputy-Warden of this Institution. Connected with the Eastern State Penitentiary in varying capacities for the space of some forty-two years, he has in that time earned and kept, the liking and respect of all who knew him, and takes with him into his well-earned rest, the sincere good-will of both Officers and Inmates.

He has borne the burden of a difficult office equitably and well, and his record of service is free from any stain, or suspicion of stain of injustice, or oppression. Hehas tempered ever an even-handed justice, with an abiding mercy, and the trembling culprit at his judgment-seat was ever certain of being given the benefit of the doubt, and equally certain of the square deal. We are sure that we do voice the sentiments of all in wishing to him, long years of peace and contemtment in the knowledge of a task well done.

Of his successors, Capt. W. N. Souder, and Mr. Robert L. Myers, little need be said, as the gentlemen in question are well and favorably known to all, and no dread of any impending revolution hangs like sword of Damocles above our nightly pillow. We know that under their joint, and kindly guardianship the E. S. P. will continue to pursue the even tenor of it’s way, progressing always to a far-off goal; and we are all sincerely anxious to help them to the attainment of that successful administration of which we feel them to be deserving,—and just &s the Curtain drops, let us whisperin the audience’s ear that the new Second Deputy-to-be looks real nifty in his new nniform.