---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3946'
image: umpire_1918_102.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Thomas Mott Osborne
- ' prison reform'
title: Abolishing A Scrap Heap
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ABOLISHING A SCRAP HEAP

At a recent meeting of the War-Work Council of the Unitarian Church held in Cambridge Mass., Lieut.-Com. Thomas M. Osborne, late warden of Sing Sing, now of the Portsmouth Naval Prison, said: ‘‘I took command of the prison on August 1st, 1917, and we held a meeting of the prisoners that night. I told them that the Secretary of the Navy had sent me up there to help turn that place from a scrap-heap into a repair-shop. The Secretary’s last words to me before leaving Washington were: ‘Now remember one thing—go slow, Unfortunately I could not. The boys wouldn’t let me. Before a week was out they had decided to form a branch of the Mua Welfare League When I went there, there were 304 prisoners, 170 in the main prison. There were 160 guards for the 170, forty of them on duty at a time. We have now 1,814 persons in the main prison and only ten guards at a time. Since I have been there 538 men have been returned from the prison to the service, an average of about two a day. So I think we are conserving the best in the country. Of the 538 only twelve have been returned to prison.

“Many people say, ‘Of course you find the material at Portsmouth very different from the material at Sing Sing.” Not at all. It is funny how much alike it is. They are precisely the same human beings down at bottom. Some old acquaintances of mine have turned up. But as a rule the former activities of the boys at Portsmouth have been honest, while the former activities of the men at Sing Sing in the main have not been honest. Down at the bottom human nature is the same. It does not make any difference whether you classify. them by ages, or whether you classify them by former occupations, you find precsiely the same variety of human nature. Any system which does not allow for the individual difference will be certain to be a failure. That is the tragic failure of the old prison system, that it treated every man alike except those who were able to pull strings of some kind or get special favors. It treated every man alike and had a theoretical man, for whom the system was intended, who never existed.