---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3948'
image: umpire_1918_102.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' war effort'
title: Why Not Utilize Prisoners?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WHY NOT UTILIZE PRISONERS?

At the time of the last census one hundred and eleven thousand persons were confined in penal institutions in the United States. As population has increased, the number is doubtless larger now. A great majority of these prisoners would fight for the United States as readily as men outside.

A great majority would gain self-respect and courage and hope from theidea that they were doing something to help win the war.

Prisoners by and large, have been one of our notable failures. We have punished them for a fault and generally turned them out in a condition where they were less competent to avoid faults than when they went in. The common effect of prison regimen has been to mark men off and shut them out from their fellowmen. This war raises the gregarious instinct, the impulse to fellowship, to its greatest height.

Prisoners are entitled to take their share in the common lot and participate consciously in the fate of their country. They are entitled to feel that they are doing something to help win the war. Wherever it can possibly be managed they should be put at work that has a tangible connection with the war.

President Wilson has approved and even urged a proposal to employ prison labor at the Atlanta Penitentiary in making cotton duck for the use of the Army. The prisoners should always be employed in useful, educational work —free from the stupid exploitation of the old lease—and—contract prison —labor scheme—goes without saying. Now especial effort should be made to put prisoners at work that directly suggest helping to win the war.