---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3949'
image: umpire_1918_103.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

21 vessels sunk to date of June 18th by U-boats off the Atlantic coast. Which means we must add 21 more toour building program.

General Leonard Wood may lerd an American Expeditionary Force to Siberia. Is this another way of giving him the cold shoulder.

Red Cross calls for 20,000 nurses for Army and Navy hospitals in United States and abroad. Do we hear any response from the 2nd Block?

German newspapers promise that their U-boats will bombard American ports in the near future. Is Philadelphia a port in the German estimation?

Since the crucifixion of two American Soldiers by the Germans in the Toul Sector, our boys are shooting their Huns first, and accepting their offer to surrender afterwards. And we don’t blame them.

Another year of War Bread certain. There will be no food to waste for some time to come, says Food Administration, despite promised wheat crop of 930,000,000 bushels. Goed Night!

Exemption from Draft refused miners. There are now 24,000 less mine-workers than at the beginning of the war. This speaks well for their patriotism, but locks bad for the public—and us.

American losses in killed, wounded and missing are now averaging in excess of 100. Total to June 16; Dead, 3,192, wounded, 4,547; missing 346. For German losses to same date add naughts to suit taste.

An English anthropologist has discovered that the human face is changing it’s shape. In strictest confidence we will say that we are not displeased to learn this, we have been dissatisfied with ours for many years.

A wealthy young man in Syracuse N. Y. was arrested for idling in War-time. He informed the Court that he had never worked, did not consider it necessary to work, and would not work. He got six months at hard labor. If they’ll do this to the Idle Rich, they'll probably electrocute the poor ‘‘hobo.”

200,000 young men who are physically unfit for active service at the Front will be drafted fcr laber. 9000 have already been called out to work in the spruce forests of the West where lumber is being prepared for the Aviation Service. It looks like a hard summer for idlers and slackers.