---
author: B-8266
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3959'
image: umpire_1918_104.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Receipts of the week were: from Circulating Library sales, $5.25; other sales, $7.75. Expenditures, Tape, .66; Subscription to Sporting News, $2.00; B 6263, Toy Birds, $4.00; Rogers, Thurman & Co., swivels, $9.26; B 8045 Loan, $3.00; John Wanamaker, check-books, typewriter ribbons, and oil, $3.15; B 7419, swivels, $1.00; B 5988, Inlaid Humidor; $8.00; War Savings Stamps, $1.00.

The Saturday half-holiday went off as successfully as any American sixteen-inch shell, and if there were any lurking glooms about the E. S. P. they never survived that afternoon, with it’s Pee-rade, and Ball-game, and Outdoor vaudeville show, staged with stay-at-home talent.

The parade was some six blocks long, twice as musical, and three times as military, even the non-volunteer head of it stepping out with a care-free abandon which indicated an entire absence of either sore, or cold feet, and would have utterly disheartened any spy who might have been watching, and those pro-Germans who prefer to stand and look on while the good American marches, why even the ranks of Germany could scarc refrain from cheering as that colorful procession passed. We regret the use of so harsh a word as pro-Germans, but what else can they be? They won’t march, they show in many instances an entire indifference to the fact that ‘‘the Flag goes by,’’ and when one stands on the side-lines, and doesn’t root for the home team, he musn’t object to being classed as favoring the enemy.

There was a ball-game of course,—we didn’t see it, but we heard it’s echoes, and games of other and quieter sorts, and how anyone can become excited over the winning of a game of chess, we can never hope to understand, the winning of another ride on a merry-go-round would excite us mcre,. But the feature of the afternoon was the open-air vaudeville show staged at the Store House grounds, where obedient to the tinkle of a piano, our colored comedy artists, sang and danced, and cake-walked their way to a triumphant finish to a Golden afternoon.

There was a real ‘‘cake’’ for the cake- walkers, cleverly camoflaged to both audience, and recipients, as a loaf of war-bread, but anyone could see by ‘‘Bill’s’’ handling of it, that he intended to sleep that night with it under his pillow. Some half-a-dozen sons of Italy gave an exhibition of the national game of Morrs, and the audience is still wondering who won, and finished by dancing the tarantella or some such dance. D. C. sang ‘‘I’m All Bound Round with the Mason- Dixon Line’’ at the request of the Warden, who was an interested and pleased spectator, and almost moved the Southern element in the audience to tears by that yearning note he managed to insert therein. Everybody was sorry when the bugle sounded the “Assembly’’ and rising to their feet at the Warden’s call, sang with a will, the first verse of ‘‘My Country ’Tis of Thee,” and so ended a Perfect Day.

—B 8266, Secretary.