---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: ''
id: '3960'
image: umpire_1918_104.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brﬁshes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING — Done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821, 8th Block.

FOR SALE—A McFarlana banjo, with case and instructor. Willsell reasonable. B6451, 1st Block. 

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent opportunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Century style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALF - Watch fobs 50¢ each, and horse-hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Block.

TRY ME and I will make you a perfect fob of any design for $5 a dozen. Call and see my samples. Expert worker. B 8936, 1st B,

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. able. B 6523, 7th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also models and half models of ships. B 3847, 1st Block.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting of beads. ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms, birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price. 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid. $1.00 B 3070, 1st Block.