---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3962'
image: umpire_1918_105.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

Mr. ‘“Jimmy’’ Johnson, late of the Front Office, now of the National Army, ran up from Camp Meade, and paid the Institution a short visit, on Sunday. Jimmy said that he expacted to adorn the guard-house on his return—No, you’re wrong, he only expected to lose his train, and so be forced to overstay his leave.

Mr. ‘‘Johnny’’ McKenty, and Mr. Joe Ursenbach came stealing in at 3.30 a.m. one night last week —no you’re wrong again, it was a P.V. they had, and not a ‘‘bundle.”

Cap. Parker took a night off last week, and is reported to have gone to a Show We would advise some of his colleagues to “go thou, and do likewise,’’ if the mere seeing of a Show will make anyone look as chipper as he did on the ensuing night.

Prof. Weigandt left on Monday morning to take up his duties with the Steel Company’s Band at Bethlehem. And for once in our lives the most of us are willing to take ‘‘something just as good.’’

The Hons. Bob, Rube and Jim, are said to be planning a short ‘‘session" for this week. The Hon. Bob is frankly out for revenge, and the R & J combination are wonlering just what sector he is going to attack.

Mrs. Bartlett, Mrs. Simonin and Mrs. Gates, of the Kings Daughters are going away for their summer vacation. Their Monday visit will be their last until after September first. They will be missed by many, even for so short a period.

Miss Elsie McKenty is acquiring a reputation as a Bond saleswoman, and is about due for an Honor Flag, or something, from Mr. McAdoo. She has sold 48, and is said to have a line of talk already prepared for the next Drive, which will make the most miserly of men, yell, ‘‘Don’t shoot! please, I’ll come across.”

Messrs. F. Kelly, McGrane, W. Myers, Hincheliffe, McDonald, and Duff, of the Day Force; and Mssrs. Colflesh, Lentz, Andrews, and McCaughin, of the Night Guards, are expected back from their ten-day vacation to-day —that is, if a submarine. didn’t get them.