---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3963'
image: umpire_1918_105.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK 

Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Yankees
The Printers rose up and smote the Yanks under the fifth rib in today’s game, removed their quivering hide, and hung it on the Garage door, and did other things to them which it would be impolite to mention. Their bag was 1 home run, 1 three-bagger, 8 two-baggers, 10 singles, and 3 passes, for which they received 12 runs. Spookie must have been up nights to read pacifist literature.

Athletics vs. Cubs
The Cubs gave the A’s a battle up to the very last inning in today’s game, which left the A’s one run to the good. The Bear-cats seemed unable to realize that even the powliest wom will turn if to long trodden upon, and we venture to predict that the A’s are tired of being used as a punching-bag, and are out for blood and fur. The Cubs could get the hits, but their runners would get side-tracked.

Thursday’s Game

Athletics vs. Cubs
Slim, manager for the Cubs, protested Wednesday’s game ¢n the grounds of the Umpires of that day’s failing eye-sight, and and in the play-off the Cubs justified their managers faith in their ability to see a loop-hole, and crawl thru it, by winning thru the medium of an error, and a couple of free passes.

Friday’s Games 

Printers vs. Yankees
The Printers did to Bud in today’s game about all a positively brilliant imagination could compass. They had the fielders tongues hanging out befcre the game was half over, and they kept the air so filled with balls that our militery men were able to get some excellent practicein the art of dodging. Jacoby was a bit wild at times, but no more so than his comrades, and the Yanks infinitely preferred his brand of wildness to the other.

Athletics vs.Cubs
The A’s were out for revenge in today’s game, and only the fact that D. C. got des- perate in the 6th and drove the ball into the dim and middle distance for a homer, saved them from the most artistic of kalsoming; but we are assured by the A’s manager that this is only delayed and not abandoned.