---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3965'
image: umpire_1918_105.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- gift
- ' prison administration'
title: Good-By, and Good Luck
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

GOOD-BY, AND GOOD LUCK

On Saturday noon, last, all those Officials, and Guards, of the Institution, who could be spared from their duties gathered in the Center, for the purpose of saying ‘‘good-by,’’ and the presentation of a material token of their sincere regard for the retiring Deputy- Warden, Mr. Peter Enckler.

This token, which took the form of a beautiful I. O. O. F. Emblem, fittingly inscribed, was presented by Warden RobertJ. McKenty, as spokesman for the donors; and he paid a splendid and deserved tribute to the man in his presentation speech. He spoke feelingly of his many years of unremitting service, and of the high esteem in which he was held by all, and then placed the Emblem in his hands as the tangible and imperishable evidence of that regard.

The recipient was so overcome by emotion as to be unable to respond in words, and was compelled to ask the Warden to voice his thanks, and deep appreciation of the gift.

Then came A8432, Vice-President of the H.F.C.bearing the gift of the Inmate Organization; a fine Inlaid Humidor, filled with his favorite brand. The speaker was a bit choked up himself—for he,of all the inmates,best knew the man whom he was thus honoring—but was able to put in words the sincere and abiding regard in which the retiring Official was held by the entire Inmate body,and how sincere was their regret at losing him.