---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3969'
image: umpire_1918_106.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' slacker'
- ' editorial'
title: Our Brand of Slacker
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OUR BRAND OF SLACKER

The prison slacker—whom to our sorrow we have always with us—is one whose single, and dominating idea is self; and who is utterly uaregardful of his duty to his fellows, and to society. Such are usually artists in the art of "getting by’’ with the least possible expenditure of time—they usually count on putting in six-months of a ten year “bit” —and enargy, and their like can be found any day between the hours of 8 00 and 4.30, Somewhere in the Yard, usually propping up some portion of the wall, retaining to a bored, and inattentive audience—should the audience escape, they sometimes have been known to keep on talking to themselves—hcw the D. A., or the “Cops’’ had ‘‘framed them up,” and the full details of the big ‘‘job’’ they ‘‘pulled off’’ back in 94, or just what changes they would make in the running of this place were they the Warden; or how quickly they could win the war were they President Wil- son, or the Kaiser; and they always end their “moving’’—some of them would make a paralytic take up his bed, and walk—tale, with a request for the loan of the makin’s, or a match, or something. You all know them.

It is the prison slackers profound, and in-eradicable belief that rules are made for the other fellow to observe, and not for him, and therefore he goes ahead and blithely breaks them, quite careless of what effect such performance would have, should it be discovered —and it always is—upon the privileges of hundreds of his fellows, who are trying conscientiously to deserve the tiust that has been reposed in them. There is no thought in their alleged mind but the gratification of self, and mostly, should they be caught, they are too cowardly to take the consequences without squealing, but usually try to implicate as many of their comrades as possible, in the hope that in numbers there will be safety for themselves, and, of course, they were the tempted, and not the tempter; and equally, of course, they were quite ignorant of the fact that they were doing wrong, forgetting—or ignoring—the fact thatignorance is no excuse in the eyes of anyone; and then, should they ‘‘win out’’ they go forth and boast of how cleverly they pull:d the wool over the Officials eyes.

The prison slacker usually writes home as often—and sometimes oftener than—as permitted. and to a wife, or mother, who is perhaps supperting a family by taking in washing, recites a terrible tale of privation, and begs for just a dollar to save him from self- destruction, and the poor, deluded woman generally puts off the buving of a new dress till next vear—when he’ll be right there with the same request—and sends it; ignorant of the fact that she could render a real service to humanity, and the E. S. P., by telling him to go ahead, and do it.

The prison slacker is the man who side- steps an opportunity to work, and make a little money. with an alacrity which borders on the marvelous, who has a chronic ‘‘pain in the back" which forces him to lie recum- bent upon his bed. and smoke innumerable cigarettes. to snothe his permanentlv shattered nerves, —they were shattered back in ’98, when he did six months on the stone-pile—while he reads some form of light literature, or who sunshimselfalldayinthe Yard, where his consent can be easily won for a game of checkers,or dominoes,but who balks at any real exertion like croquet.And usually when the time comes for his leaving or any sudden need of money arises, he takes up a collection among his charitable,and gullible fellows,or hits up the H. F. C.

He is the chap who wants to see the Warden,or the Deputy,or the Doctor,every day—if he can’t see them,he’ll write them interminable letters-—and recite some tale of woe,or ask some impossible thing:and then howls like a coyote,and talks rapidly about injustice,and oppression,and partiality,if all he asks isn’t at once given him.

There have been many methods proposed for the suppression of the prison slacker,but nothing has yet been found that will do the work without hopelessly messing up the place. A light sprinkling of paris-green might be efficacious.