---
author: Mc., E.
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3970'
image: umpire_1918_106.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' war effort'
- ' enlistment'
title: One "Knock," One "Boost"
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ONE “KNOCK,” ONE “BOOST”

The subjoined communications will speak for themselves. Comment is needless; except to say that they represent two diametrically opposite views of ourselves.

To the Editor of THE BULLETIN.

Sir: Mrs Ballington Booth, President of the Nationai Volunteer Prison League, suggested that the inmates of the Eastern Penitentiary be allowed their freedom to serve in the U. S. Army. This sure is a fine idea to allow a gang of former crooks of every distinction to associate with the men of our army. Mrs. Booth also claims that in years to come when these men are asked what they have done for their country they will feel ashamed and will be ecalled slackers. Just imagine a man trying to shame a convict.

May I offer a mild suggestion? Why not close up all the police stations so that the manufacturers of jimmies, sand bags and other instruments used in the gentle art of burglary do not starve? Our army was made for men and prisons for convicts. 

E. Mc. 

(Army regulations prevent the enlistment or drafting of convicts, so Mrs. Booth’s plea is of no avail.)

To the Editor of THE BULLETIN.

Sir: In reply to “E. Mc.” on the subject of convicts in the Army I wish to say that it was with utmost regret that I read such an article written by an American citizen or soldier. I am ashamed to know we have such narrow-minded men living today in this great crisis of the world. There is not one living soul good enough to condemn another. There is many a man behind prison bars to-day who has no right to be there. But because he did not have the politics and money, he is there. Others there are who have their freedom, but are not fit companions to stand beside many a prison man. In the Bible it reads: ‘‘rather one sinner who hath repented, than ninety-nine just men.”

Many sacriflces have been made by the men at the Eastern Penitentiary, such as sending money out for Liberty Bonds, W. S. S. and in helping to fill the War Chest. If those splendid men are not good enough for our men in the Army or Navy, or factory, then their money certainly ought not be good enough. 

CONSTANT READER.