---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3973'
image: umpire_1918_107.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

Coldest June 23rd on record. Snow up- State, and trout streams frozen—and me too.

Congress prepares for 8 more yearsof war, and makes appropriations on that basis. At that rate we may get in it yet.

900,000 Americans now in France. They hold 38 miles of Front, in six different Sectors, and are expanding daily. We’re going over!

Austrians defeated by Italians, on the Piave, with loss of 40 000 prisoners and immense booty. And somebody said those “Wops’’ wouldn’t fight.

Philadelphia Food Acdministration requests that every day be made a fish dav. We implore the local Administration to turn a deaf ear to this plea.

220,000 men to be called for service between July 22d, and 25th. Pennsylvania’s quota to be 11,700, to be sent to Camp Lee. Did anybody say “Here!” Inmates of Wisconsin State Prison at Waipun, donate $195.10 to the Smoke Fund for our Boys in France. This is just a gentle hint to Curly to start something.

The next Liberty Loan will probably be offered in October, and it is expected will be for $6,000,900,000, at the same rate of interest, 419% as the last loan. Better be saving your money boys.

The principal feature of the Nation’s Independence Day celebration will be the launching of 89 ships, of a total tonnage of 439,886 dead-weight tons. There’s a splash that will be heard in Germany.

Henry Ford, at the request of President Wilson, accepts Democratic neminaticn for Senator from Michigan. If Henry can ‘‘speed up’’ the Senate, he wiil acenmplish more than any other mortal man ever did. Government will control labor sunply after August 1st; factories not working on Army or Navy jobs will not be able to secure workers. What are we working or? Will we be able to secure any recruits after that date? 

A German Officer taken prisoner by the Americans says Germany is now using all her criminals in the ranks upon the Western Front, and that these released criminals form 20% of the storming battalions; 10% of the Infantry, and 5% of the Artillery. Shouldn’t birds of a feather fight together.