---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3974'
image: umpire_1918_107.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- poetry
- ' patriotism'
title: Independence Day
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

INDEPENDENCE DAY

Oh, rouse you now to the sound of drums,
And prove you true when your hour comes.
In your country’s hour of utmost need,
Answering not to the call of greed.
Giving ungrudgingly all you should,
Of gold, or service, or own hearts bloods.
If you do this, you shall do well,
And your children’s children the tale shall tell.

The olden tale, they tell it still: 
—And where’s the heart that does not thrill?—
Of hale beneath the gallows-tree; 
Deaf to the fife’s insulting play, 
And crying, ‘I regret to-day,
I've but one life to give to thee,
My country!”’

If you shrink from the cost, however great,
You are not worthy your high estate.
The sword you have drawn shall set men free;
And how well you have chosen your sons shall see.
So count not the cost till the task be done:
And look not back till the fight be won;
Lest the flame on your altars sink, and die,
And your freedom be but a livng lie.

There’s Lawrence on his bloody deck;
His good ship but a shattered wreck: 
Fast in the foeman’s grip.
Woundod and dying, as he knew;
Yet still to duty, staunch, and true:
His last word, ‘‘Don’t give up the ship!’’ 

Will you give less than your fathers gave? 
Will you do less than your storied brave?
Is the question that waits your answer now, 
That you’ve put your hand atlast to the plow? 
Shall Freedom now have a newer birth,
Or perish forever from off the earth?
Will you be freeman still, or slave?
Oh, answer as befits the brave!

In your hour of doubt—and be sure 'twill come— 
When you say ‘‘What avails it all that we’ve done?’”
Let Paul Jones answer you aright; 
Scarce could he strike an answering blow; 
Yet called to surrender. answers, ‘‘No!
I have not yet begun to fight!’’