---
author: B-8266
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3980'
image: umpire_1918_108.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' croquet'
- ' library'
- ' reading'
- ' books'
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the Delegate meeting of June, 25th, the following were admitted to membership in the Club: new members; B 5191-25¢; 9137-10c; 9170, 9217, 9210, 9246, 9249, 9241, 9245, 9211, 9240, 9242, 9243, 6267; and re-instated, B 7722, 8494. The Treasurer’s report showed a balance of $14.39 in the Club Treasury. Miss Sarah J. Davault was unanimously elected to Honorarv Membership in the Club. The appointment of B 9122 as Delegate of the 8th Block, and the dismissal of B 5936, Delegate for the 12-1 Gallery, for neglect of duty, was announced.

Expenditures for the week were as follows: repairing eye-glasses for B 5355, $1.25; Tobacco, for preservation purposes, $.85; War Savings Stamps, $1.00

Receipts of the week; from Circulating Library, $5 25; Sales, 
.70.

The Croquet Ground is in the best of shape these days, and the aged and infirm, and for a goodly portion of the day, the young also, exercise skill and patience in endeavoring to coax a maddeningly obstinate ball thru an always elusive wicket. But it’s good exercise for both muscles, and temper at least.

A collection has been taken up for the purpose of purchasing a new set, and this will soon be added to the present outfit. There are persistent rumors, which will not down, that the President has challenged the Vlce-President to a game, on the coming Fourth, no holds barred; with the Chairman of the Board to hold stakes.

The H. F. C. Mandolin Orchestra is proving a success under B 7065’s (Pottstown) skilled leadership, and promises to become a very popular feature. Mornings they make life around the Croquet Grounds one grand, sweet song; while the afternoon finds them at the back of the 11th Block soothing the proud souls of our military with some soft, sweet refrain.

May we be pardoned for again calling the attention of the newer Inmates to the fact that the best current Magazines can be obtained from the H.F.C. at a cost of 2c. per day. There's a wide range of choice, and the wants of all can be satisfied, from those lovers of the penny-dreadful, to those who read Coke on Littleton, and like it. Just send for the Librarian if you are interested, and he won't be more than 10 minutes answering your call, he's that kind of a guy.

Saturday was a fine day for a half-holiday, and everybody enjoyed themselves greatly, that is, everybody but a few slackers, whom the President, to his great regret, was forced to intern for the afternoon. It was a very necessary disciplinary measure, as, if the thing had been allowed to continue there would have soon been no parade, but all spectators; and it is to be distinctly understood, that only sickness, or manifest infirmity will excuse a member from not marching. All able-bodied members are expected to be in line, or they will be interned.

After the parade disbanded, the usual games of ball were gotten up, and continued during the afternoon, with musicat intervals by the band; while ‘‘Pete’’ secured some performers, and pulled off a bit of our-door vaudeville on the Band-room steps. B 7725 gave his justly celebrated imitation of a lo- comotive going thru a tunnel in the ‘‘Black Hills,” to a delighted audience, while the versatile B 8389 rattled the bones to the Queen’s taste, and other amatuers sang and janced and twanged the responsive strings.

The half-holiday passed all to quickly for its beneficiaries, and the bugle seemed to blow surprisingly soon, for with musie, and games and congenial company the time ‘‘do fly.”’ Mr. I. J. Horstman, of the Board of Inspectors, was present and made a tour of inspection with the Warden, and expressed himself as delighted with the conduct and demeanor of the men. Among other visitors, were noticed the Wardens brother, Mr. Thos. McKenty, and Mr Kraupa, and some friends.

—B 8266, Secretary.