---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: ''
id: '3982'
image: umpire_1918_108.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE "AD" COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of "Ad" column.

FOR SALE— Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING— Done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821, 8th Block. 

FOR SALE—A McFarland banjo, with case and instructor. Will sell reasonable. B6451, 1st Block.

BE AN expert stenographer. portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Century style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block. 

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50¢ each, and horse- hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Elock. 

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block. 

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block. 

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting of beads. ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms, birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes sale. Price. 75¢. B 5036, 6th Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25¢ a set or $2.75 per dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid. $1.00 B 3070, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack. cost $1 50; price 50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal

FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman Reception necklace different colors, beautifully designed. B 8936 1st B