---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3985'
image: umpire_1918_109.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' holiday'
- ' July 4th'
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: The E.S.P. Celebrates
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE E. S. P. CELEBRATES

The Fourth was a gala day at the E. S. P for —we believe—the first time in its history. Instead of being relegated to a cell, and it’s purlieus, where even the most perfervid patriotism is bound to suffer, the freedom of the yard was ours for the entire day, with amusements galore, and an opportunity to effervesce within reasonable limits.

Almost all that goes to make the Fourth a glimpse of Paradise for the small boy, and a terror to parents was ours, with the pos- sible exception of peanuts, and pink lemon- ade, but very few regretted their absence— they were to busy enjoying themselves to have any regrets. There were Parades — count ’em—two of them, and each one a quarter-mile long, and almost three times as noisy; there was a speaker of the day, with nothing missing but the ice-water pitcher; there was music ’til one just couldn’t make one’s feet behave; there was ball-games, and all sorts of games, and singing, dancing. on the “green;’’ and the martial touch need- ed in these stirring times of war was added by the E. S. P. volunteers who marched, and counter-marched, and evoluted in general to the Queen’s—and Curiy’s—taste.

And as an absolutely unique feature for a Fourth of July celebration, neither the hospital, nor the jail claimed a victim in the whole course of the day; which was some record for a community of more than fourteen hundred souls, as the Warden observed, with a natural pride. 1400 men, of all sorts and conditions, with perfect freedom of action, not a blue uniform in sight, nothing but their own sense of what was fitting and proper, to restrain them, and not even an argument! A fine record, indeed. 

After the morning’s Parade had been successfully disentangled after winding twice about the Institution; Generalissimo Curly, a sembled his veterans in Store house Square and proceeded to put them thru a course of sprout, which a few weeks previously had left the majority of them quivering wrecks, but which today hardly sweated them. Thars were a few, a very few, who were almost resolved to their original elements by the strenuous fifteen minutes of setting-up exercises, a stout warrior in our immediate front must have lost fifteen pounds in the process, but he stayed with them to the bitter end.

Frank’s Italian squad carriea off second honors, and we feel sure that if the Austrians on the Piave could ever see them coming, as they crossed that parade-ground on Thursday, at the double, with fire in every eye, they would make a break, for home, and safety. Company 1, the ‘‘Heavy Artillery,” B 5795, Commander, and Company 2, B 8676, commanding, made an excellent showing; while B 8588, with the awkward squad esssayed a few evolutions, and tied his men up in such a knot as required the combined efforts of the Generalissimo, and all his staff to disentangle. But it really was an inspiring scene, to see a company of men who a few weeks ago walked like Turks with weak backs sweep onto that field go thru the evolutions demanded of them with a snap that our Sammies might envy, and then forming ‘‘Company Front’’ before the Reviewing Stand, salute, and move off, to be instantly replaced with ‘‘something just as good.”

All this while the non-militant section was having it’s ball-games, and other diversions, with frequent intervals of music, while scores of the more somnolent merely embraced the opportunity to loaf in the shade with a congenial listener while they settled the war to their own satisfaction at least. There were probably more conversaziones running in all points of the Yard during the day, than there are in New York City at any given period; the grand, old out-door sport of ‘‘tell your troubles to your neighbor" was in fullest swing.

In the afternoon, another Parade washeld, with all the eclat of the morning’s—and perhaps a little bit added— and after it’s conclusion, the Generalissimo staged one of his justly out-door showsin Store-house Square for the delectation of his embryonic warriors; while the base-ball fans hurried to get up a game, and checker, and chess, and croquet, and quoit, and domino, etec., champions challenged all and sundry to try and pluck their laurels. 

There was music, and song, and dance, in endless variety, until the Warden appeared in the offing, escorting the Speaker of the Day, State Senator Tustin, of this city. The Senator made an inspiring fifteen-minute address, with the war, and our relation to the same as his theme, and pointed out to us the fact that tho we might seem to only stand and wait, yet we might be helping to win. He told us some interesting facts about Uncle Sam’s gigantic efforts in preparation to overwhelm his ruthless foe; and in particular described how our troops were being transported to France in relative safety; but a natural fear of the Censor prevents our retailing this secret. He appealed to us to do what lay in our power to aid, and asked that we particularly endeavor to conserve sugar, at least until October, and we feel sure that every man in his audience at once resolved to cut down his consumption to two lumps a day.

The troops were then put thru their paces for the edification of the distinguished visitor, who expressed himself as being both pleased and astonished to see such measure of preparedness, and ventured to hope that we would some day be given the chance of service that we so clearly deserved.

Mr. E. J. Lafferty, of the Board of In- spectors, appearing on the scere at this moment was called upon to sayv a few words, and responding, praised us until the majority of his hearers were blushing hotly, and wishing they had done still a bit better. His message of sympathy, and understanding, and good-cheer was received with such a spontaneous outburst of cheering as evidenced very plainly the regard in which the gentleman is held by all the inmates,

Next, three young ladies, whom we can only name as McKenty Kids, they being the daughter, and wards of the Rev. Thomas McKenty, were induced to sing for ue, and gave a very pleasing version of “We’ll Never Let the Old Flag Fall,” answering a determined encore, with “Keep the Home Fires Burning.” Then Master Robert McKeniy 3d, was moved to sing his own private version of ‘‘Over There,” which added. still further to the audience’s delight, and it was then when everybocdy weas in the best of humors that the Warden seized the opportunity to thank us for the splendid order maintained during the day, and proposed as a fitting finale that we all sing the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner,” which was done at once, with enthusiasm; the Warden’s last words, as the bugle sounded ‘‘Assembly’’ were, that did we but know the words, it would be a most appropriate thing to sing the “End of a Perfect Day,” andnot a man but agreed with him.