---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3986'
image: umpire_1918_109.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- music
- ' concert'
- ' ESP news'
title: Tuesday's Musicale
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

TUESDAY’S MUSICALE

The Concert of Tuesday evening, July 2d, was but added evidence of Mrs. Jane Gates’ continual thought for us, and was most deeply appreciated by all who had the pleasure of hearing it—which was nearly the entire population of the E. S. P.

To the trio of singers, Mrs. Frederick Ai- ken and Mrs. Richard McGarigle, sopranos; and Mrs. Anna B. Smith, contralto; and to Miss Margaret Strehle, accompanist; and last, but far from least, to the little ‘‘Mam’ selle,” we are indebted tor a Golden Hour which will long remain a pleasant memory to us whose pleasant memories are all too few.

The majority of the numbers rendered were classical, but none the less appreciated, as evidenced by the frequent applause; while at least once, a highly popular note was struck by the giving of ‘‘Carry Me Back to Old Virginny’’ which demanded, and received an instant encore, and led to the 1st Block’s giving their own version of that ever-popular melody, to the delight of the visitors. Mrs. Aiken’s ‘‘Cuckoo” song, also was a decided hit, while a little later on the audience joined in with a vim in singing the Choruses of “There’s a Long, Long Trial,” and ‘‘Keep the Home Fires Burning.” But perhaps the most striking feature was the singing of the Marseillaise in the original by little Miss Jane Gates. She sang the immortal hymn to Freedom, as tho inspired; and tho but few understood the words, the spirit which flames therein was sensed by all, as was readily evidenced by the applause.

At the conclusion of the Concert, A 8432, Vice-President of the Honor and Friendship Ciub, presented to Mrs. Gates, a beautiful Inlaid Box: made, and given to the Club by Barnes, B 7307, for that purpose, as an earnest of the good-will of all the Inmates.