---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3990'
image: umpire_1918_110.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
title: Keeping On
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

KEEPING ON

If Browning had written nothing save “Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came,’’ he would yet command the gratitude of all those who have known the black moments in the battle of life—the moment when His Honor says “Ten years,’’ for instance. It is easy for those possessed of vigorous will and courage to push on, however difficult the way, if there are glimpses of the distance hills bright with sunlight—which put in plainer English, means that the day isn’t so far distant when you’ll be paying an Income Tax—, or if stars look down on the hardships of the journey— which you can understand as meaning that she has promised to be something more than a sister to you, and you’ve really something to work for; but still to the best and bravest the black hours come when there is no vision of escape from failure, no hope of final achievement; when you expect any minute to hear Fate—or Rube—knock at the door. 

The road to that Dark Tower grows more and more grim, the landscape more and more desolate, the loneliness of solitute more and more oppressive, and at the end the names of the daring adventurers who have lost the fight, and are back ‘‘finishing it up,’’ make the place one vast misery of failure. Ranged all along the hillside they stood, those who had lost the battle. 

“And yet 
Dauntless the slughorn to my lips I set
And blew. ’Childe Roland to the Dark 
Tower came.” 

When ali seems lost, it is the valiant soul that takes a new lease of courage from apparently overwhelming disaster, and sounds the note of triumph in the end.

What shall a man do when all that he has done seems worthless, when faith scems to fail, and hope dies, and the dread of final and overwhelming failure encompasses one like a cloud? Ressurect the long-buried “jimmey’’ and a pair of ‘‘sneaks,” and go forth and do something he will spend from seven to ten years in regretting? not so. it is the moment of supreme peril, for the devil’s best weapon is despair. It is the supreme test of character, the moment which tells whether faith is but a matter of sunshine, of prosperity, of happiness, or has become an unshakeable foundation fer the building of a new life. That hour is the supreme test of the man; if he loses out, we get him back, if he wins, he may go to Congress, and be disgraced forever.