---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3991'
image: umpire_1918_110.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' honor system'
- ' prison reform'
- ' agriculture'
title: The Prison Farm
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE PRISON FARM

The practicability of the prison farm has been demonstrated by the success of the experiment at Great Meadow, in Washington County. During the three and a half years of his wardenship there, William J. Homer, who introduced the honor system in the State, has had uader his charge more than two thousand prisoners. Six hundred are now on the farm. More than fourteen hundred have been paroled, of whom fewer than forty have been returned to prisons. The number of escapes and attempts to escape has been less than one-half of one per cent— 11 out of a total of 2,095 prisoners, to be exact. Several hundred former prisoners of Great Meadow are working on farms in the neighborhood, for there is no prejudice among the farmers of Washington County against ex-convicts.

Three thousand and two of the 4,852 in- mates of all the prisons in the State, accord- ing to the last report of Prison Superintendent Riley, were committed between the ages of sixteen and thirty years, and 1,021 between the ages of thirty and forty, making a total of 4,023—an enormous percentage of the whole number—at ages at which new vocations may readily be learned.

The experience of a penologist is that agriculture is one of the most useful occupations to be taught boys and men who may have been led into crime in the cities, where the same temptations to which they succumbed before await them on leaving prison. One of the objects that the Commission on Prison Reform is working for, is the acquisition of land in the vicinity of Auburn, and of all the other prisons and reformatories in the State, where the inmates may be instructed in farming. Aside from the prison farm of eleven hundred acres at Great Meadow, New York has already purchased eight hundred acres of land for the State Industrial Farm Colony, and is planning a State reformatory for misdemeanants on a farm, while the city of New York has purchased six hundred acres for the City Reformatory for Misdemeanants, and eight hundred acres on which the home for inebriates committed from the city will be situated.

Throughout the United States the idea of outdoor work forinmates of prisonsis spreading. Massachusetts has a State farm of several hundred acres for tramps and vagrants, and is planning a prison farm to replace the present State institution at Charlestown. New Jersey has purchased a thousand acres of land on which a structure will be erected to replace the State Prison at Trenton. Pennsylvania has acquired five thousand acres for a central prison toreplace her two State institutions, the Eastern Penitentiary and the Western Penitentiary. The new House of Correction for the District of Columbia is on a thousand acre farm at Occoquan, Virginia. Ohio has voted to abandon the State Prison at Columbus, and has appointed a commission to secure a site for a farm prison in its place. The State Prison Board of Indiana is planning to lease between five hundred and one thousand acres of land adjoining the present prison at Mich- igan City, with a view to abandoning that structure within a few years for a farm reformatory.