---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '3994'
image: umpire_1918_111.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
- ' ESP news'
- ' prison labor'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

American troops take over the policing of Panama City and Colon to prevent election disorders. And ‘‘Spiggotyland’’ still revolutes every twenty-four hours.

American Army now 2,500,000 strong. Will be 4,000,000 by Jan.1. 1,010,115 men now in France, 273,372 of whom went over during June. Berlin and Vienna papers please copy.

The State of Missouri has purchased a 457 acre farm, five miles east of Jefferson City, for $97,000. Prisoners will work the farm, producing food-stuffs for the prison population.

Organ-grinders classed as non-essential workers by local Magistrate. Must work or go to jail, he says. We would like to have that Magistrate pass upon our phonograph-winders.

British losses for June total 141,147. Dead: officers, 816; men, 17,494; wounded and missing: officers, 3,916; men, 119,218. We wonder if the Kaiser still speaks of it as a contemptible little army?

Lt. Mills breaks aerial mail record by flying from Philadelphia to New York, an airline distance of 92 miles, in 47 minutes. This is to fast for a bill, and too slow for a proposal.

“Bill,” the Institution chauffeur, answered the call of Uncle Sam, and left for Camp Meade, on Sunday night last, there to begin training for the march to Berlin which every good American looks forward to.

Government takes over Express Companies, and will operate them as a whole under the name of the American Railway Express Company. The Government seems to be taking pretty nearly everything that’s been left out.

Our local Generalissimo reports that the drillers improve daily, and that he would back them to go ‘‘over the top’’ with a like "number of any of the Allies. But what is agitating the minds of his ‘‘soldiers” is, will rations be issued, or no, and if so when?

Private Clarence Kelly, of Oil City, Pa., led the rush into a German machine-gun position, and himself accounts for six of the enemy. Corporal Christie Collopy, of Sprlpg City, Pa., kept his group under cover while he went out alone with hand-grenades, an.d routed an enemy patrol. Pennsylvania breeds them just like that.