---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: ''
id: '4002'
image: umpire_1918_112.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' parade'
- ''
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Receipts for the week were, $5.75 from the circulating Library; no exact report of sales was obtainable at present writing.

Expenditures of the week, were, B 8380, Watch Fobs, $1.80; B 8543, re-fund of money for articles sold in the Library, and credited by mistake to the H. F. C. $1.25; B 8462 flag pins, $7.00; War Savings Stamps $1.00.

The Saturday half-holiday came and went leaving a deep feeling of contentment in it’s train, at least among those who had the pleasure of participating in the good time that was had. We regret that there should have been some who were of necessity de-barred from the Outing, but the entirely reasonable regulations made for such occasions must be observed, and they have but themselves to blame, they had warning enough.

It was a bit warm for parading, but the torrid rays which wilted the collars, and frzzzled the temper of his colleagues, seemed to have no effect upon Vice-President A 8432, our local “Iron Man,’’ who never faltered in the twice-around schedule, and was with difficulty restrained from making a third at- tempt to beat Edward Payson Weston’s record for the mile-walk. Perhaps it was the Bands for playing such inspiring airs under the efficient leadership of our ‘‘Signor Antonio,” for with it in the lead crashing out the latest martial music, and Pottstown’s Mandolin Club in the center, as tuneful as a thrush in a hedge after a thunder-shower; and Major-General Curly’s combination Fife, Drum, and Bugle Corps playing rat-a-plan, and tootle-oo at the head of the Militant Sec- tion of the Line, those with an ear for music certainly got an ‘‘earful.”

Perhaps it was the music; perhaps it was the contagious example of the E. S. P. Volunteers, who stepped out like the veterans— of six weeks—that they are, and from their do-or-die air, would have charged the whole Hun army had it appeared in the offing, and then trusted to Curly to get the Warden’s forgiveness for mussing up the roadway, but the whole line showed a marked improvement in marching, and straight backs, and straight stepping was the rule, and not the exception as heretofore. The most of us are not so far gone that we cannot recognize a good thing when we see it.

After the disbandment of the parade, the Generalissimo gathered his ‘‘vets’’ about the Store-house steps for a season of the ever- popular out-door vaudeville, which ranges widely from leap-frog to ‘‘high’’ opera, in D. C’s very best manner. While on the Garage grounds the fans gathered to see the White Hopes, and the Black Diamonds battle it out for base-ball honors. Alas! the Black Diamonds turned out to be but ordinary coal-dust, for their opponents had their number from the opening gun of the engagement, and when the smoke of the battle had cleared away, and the bases were freed of the many who had died thereon, the casualties were found to be 12 to 6 in favor of the pale-faces.

The Croquet-grounds attracted it’s devotees all afternoon, and by-the-way, at the risk of trial for lese-majeste, we’re going to call His Excellency, the Presidents, attenticn to the fact that those wickets were made to be driven thru, and not at. He lost a perfectly good game by refusing to believe this, altho even his opponent was at pains to point out to him that hitting the wicket didn’t count anything. A new Set has been ordered, with a delightfully shiny set of balls, and here’s hoping his eye will improve then.

During an intermission in the caberet show the Hetman stretched his trooper’s legs with an impromptu parade from the Store- house to the Garage, and back, the most prominent feature of which was the Warden as Drummer-boy. The ‘‘Boss’’ seemed to be right in his element, and made the boys step out lively; perhaps in his mind’s eye was a vision of himself leading a regiment of “ours’’ across the Rhine, while the Kaiser and Von Hindenburg fled for their lives.

N. B. If the members wish to aid the finances of the Club, they will, while preserving all waste paper and rags, also keep the metal tops of the talcum-powder containers, and give them to their Delegates. The Club could use them very handily, and such action would be much appreciated by it’s Officers.