---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '4004'
image: umpire_1918_113.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' prison'
- ' baseball'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

The Hon. R. C. McKenty is away on a little ‘‘tour,’’ the results of which will prob- ably soon be seen arriving.

The Board of Inspectors held a meeting, Wednesday of last week, but we didn’t even get a snap-shot of it.

Mr. Clarence M. Kratz, our Chief Clerk, has taken a cottage at Collegeville for the summer season, and the fish are reported to be leaving the Perkiomen.

Another Sunday visitor was Mr. Kraupa, who needs no other introduction. He said he was sorry it hadn’t rained Saturday afternoon, for it deprived him of an anticipated pleasure.

Courtland Butler, of the Parole Department is about to be called to the colors, and has been caught practicing bomb-throwing with a filing-cabinet. Medals will look good on ‘‘Court.’’

Mrs. William Greeby, and children, were among Sunday’s visitors to the Institution. The lady who is the wife of night-guard Greeby, and the sister of Deputy-Warden Robert L. Myers, was shown the place, including the war-gardens, and was charmed with the visible evidences of industry and order.

One of Captain Dutton’s men is telling a moving tale of a fish that escaped him by climbing a tree, and refused to come down to all his coaxing. We’ll bet anything this happened after closing hours.

It was just after hearing this that Capt. Parker took a night off but whether he saw the same fish, or no, remains a mystery as we go to press.

Montana’s penitentiary at Deer Lodge has a baseball team that defeated a champion- ship nine from a neighboring town. Warden Clancy recently described a critical moment ‘in the game: 
“The score was 7 to 4 against us in the ninth inning. We had three men on base. As Rough-House Burns stepped to the bat a happy thought occurred to me. ‘Rough-House’ I yelled, ‘you have just thirty days more to go. If you don’t send that ball over the right-field fence I will make you serve your full term.’ The ball went over the fence, the three men hopped the bases, Rough-House made his homer, and the game was ours.”