---
author: The Evening Bulletin
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '4007'
image: umpire_1918_113.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- obituary
- ' Annie O. Fassitt'
- ' prison reform'
title: Mother of 1,000 Boys is Dead
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MOTHER OF 1,000 BOYS IS DEAD

The mother of a thousand bad boys is dead.

And her family of adopted soms in the Eastern Penitentiary, Moyamensing Prison and in regenerated life will all try to ‘‘do-a little better’’ for having known her. New that she is gone they must justify her faith in them.

Mrs. Annie O. Fassitt for thirty years visited ‘‘her boys’’ in the city’s two prisons weekly. She treated them as if they were adopted sons. Recently her health began to fa.l and her visits fell off. Yesterday she died at 220 S. 20th st. Philadelphia.

There will be no family council of the ‘‘boys,’’ no formal resolutions of regret, no honorary pallbearers. She will get her silent tributes in silent places.

The big boy who never had a chance, the fellow who never had a real mother before, the high-spirited boy who made a mistake, the boy who never knew the reward for being good, the thousand boys on prison cots vouch that she was a ‘‘regular fellow,’’ that little old woman in black. That is her reward for a lite’s work. The forty or more times she gave a Christian burial to destitute prisoners, the times she got discharged prisoners jobs, the old-fashioned presents she took inside the prison walls by scores are the heritages which ostracized humanity will treasure in memories of the little old women in black.

Mrs. Fassitt was eighty-two. Before her marriage she was Miss Annie Adenheinier, a member of an old New Jersey family. Warden McKenty and the Rev. Dr. Floyd Tomkins were close friends. Her husband, Horace Fassitt, who died in 1902, was a merchant here. Three adult grandchildren and ‘‘her boys’’ mourn for her.

— The Evening Bulletin.