---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '4010'
image: umpire_1918_114.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- home
- ' editorial'
- ' mothers'
title: Going Home
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

GOING HOME

There is no thought which touches our heart more deeply than the thought of "going home." After two, or five, or ten, or fifteen years spent in trying to find out who is your favorite Overseer —which generally means the one who ‘‘feeds” the best— and alwys when you’ve found him, he quits, or his fired, and it’s up to you to move again; why, the thought of going home has an appeal no artlst could paint.

You think of one of those comfortably stout mothers, the kind who wear a blue-checked gingham apron, and are usually floury to the elbows, waiting at the door, in the mellow glow of the lamplight, and you ean almost smell that delicious odor of fried chicken, and waffles which is almost certain to greet the returning wanderer. You go tearing the long, dusty road from the station at a 2.40 gait, and kick the front gate off it’s hinges—no time for opening it—and dropping your suit-case on the family cat who has come forth to meet you, you fall on that broad and forgiving bosom, and shed the first real tears you’ve shed since you tried to impress the Judge that you were entirely innocent. And in about a minute you whisper in her ear, “Ma, if you love me, lead me to it!” and then in two minutes you are compelled to use both hands, would you keep your plate clear, and three hours aftetward Ma is applying a mustard-plaster where it wili do the most good.

True, this picture doesn’t always run true to form, there are poor unfortunates who are met at the door by a tall, and angular step-mother with iron-gray hair, who gracefully waves a kettle of boiling water over your head, and whose only greeting, is, "Sic'em, Towser," but, thanks goodness, such occurrences are rare, and the usual homecoming replete with a vast joy which often repays in fullest measure the rigors of the time of separation.

It is the thought of going home that makes the heaviest burdens bearable the most crushing defeats but a spur to further effort; the most complete surrender of price to humility, of ease to labor, a price gladly paid for a happiness which is priceless. Waking and sleeping we think, or dream of that day to come when the gate shall open for us, and we shall go home, to find the understanding which all the world else denies us, to exchange the harsh voice of an often unsympathetic Overseer for a voice which is musical with love, and faith, and peace. To hear no more, when your head aches, and that tired feeling overcomes you, the curt advice to ‘‘take a pill,” but rather to feel a aoft, cool hand upon your heated brow, while a voice murmurs, ‘‘Lie down, dear, while I make you a nice cup of coffee,” and you retire into the cool gloom of the parlor, and stretch out on the sofa for a pleasant afternoon. Home is the only place where you are really appreciated at your true value. Imagine Harry, or Joe, or Bill, telling you that! You can retire into a cool gloom, alright, but there won’t be any sofa to stretch out on!

The joy of going home is not all ease and comfort, that we know are waiting there; some of us have long exchewed ease and comfort. and prefer a brake-beam to the softest of easy-chairs, but it is in the peace which flows from love, the stillness, the perfect calm which is so grateful after the years of storm and stress; the clear atmosphere in which all the dust of our petty strivings are laid, and we see the end of it all before us.

At the end of the road is home. Happy the man who finds it.