---
author: Joliet News
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '4011'
image: umpire_1918_114.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- pardon
- ' parole'
- ' enlistment'
- ' war effort'
- ' Joliet News'
- ' penal press'
title: What Illinois Has Done
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WHAT ILLINOIS HAS DONE

A few days ago the second contingent of “Honor Men’’ from the Illinois State Penitentiary were released on parole in order that they might do their ‘‘bit’’ toward making the world safe for democracy. They left immediately for ‘‘Somewhere in Illinois’’ where they will be employed in munition plants and other manufacturing establishments engaged in making of war supplies.

One week ago the State Board of Pardons and Paroles announced that carefully selected men who possessed mechanical training would be allowed additicnal goed time for services in munition plants. The decision followed a special session of the board at the state institution during which time an inquiry was made into the records of a number of the men.

Warden Murphy: announces that the third contingent of the "Honor Men’’ will be released on parole to-morrow. They also will leave for “Seomewhere in Illinois’’ to work in munition plants. Secrecy is being main- tained regarding the location of the plant in order that the paroled men will be kept from temptationand possible pro-German influence.

During the conference of the State Board of Pardons and Paroles last week it was decided that between 50 and 75 of the inmates of the Illinois State Penitentiary gave promise of making good under parole for war services, with possibilities that this number could be materially increased. All of the men were given heart to heart talks by the members of the board and were shown that an opportunity such as possibly would never come in their lives again had presented itself—an opportunity of again taking their places in the world, while at the same time working in the interests of humanity.

Good wages are assured to all of the paroled men who are secured employmentin the munition plants and other manufacturing establishments engaged in the making of war supplies. They will be required to abide by the usual rules of the parole system making monthly reports as to the amount of money they have earned, what portion has been saved, and that expended has been vsed properly and that they have not frequented saloons or other places where they might be under evil influence.

In the munition plants the ‘‘Honor Men”’ will be under the protecticn of the parcle officers and at the same time will be looked after by the secret service operatives of the goverment, a large force of which is maintained in all of the plants. Thus they will be carefully guarded and will have an exceptional opportunity of making good. 

The releasing of ‘‘Honor Men’’ for work in munition plants and manufactuing establishments engaged in the production of war supplies sets a new record in the United States. For this reason the experimentis being watched with a great deal of interest. 

Because of the extra incentive offered to make good—that of service to their country in the greatest crisis in the history of the world— Warden Murphy and the members of the State Board of Pardons and Paroles are confident that the best of success will result. 

It is expected that the experiment will attract the attention of many of the other leading states of the nation and that many hundred of men will be released for important work. 

—Joliet News.