---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '4015'
image: umpire_1918_115.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' prison'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to date in killed, wounded, and missing, total 11,221. That’s not so many, considering what we’ve done.

Schuylkill County has only 95 prisoners in the jail, as compared with 250 two years ago. Why not an honor flag for Schuylkill County?

A corn crop of 3,161,000,000 bushels is predicted by the Government experts. And so perishes our last hope that war-bread will cease to be.

Prisoners in the State Penitentiary at Deer Lodge, Montana, have agreed to make socks and sweaters for the soldiers if the Red Cross will provide the materials. Any more recruits?

One meatless week a month to be inaugurated in Germany on August 1st. This isn’ta very cheerful way of celebrating the fourth anniversary of the war.

The biggest feature of the Fourth of July in Paris, was the opening of the Avenue Wilson. And the best Teddy could do was to have twins named after him.

Count Von Mirbach, German Ambassador to Russia, murdered in Moscow. Germany will “avenge’’ his death. The luck still seems to be with the Kaiser.

Lightless nights will begin again about July, 15th. Use of electricity to be restricted on the first four nights of the week. Don’t anybody look our way.

Here’s the record of the Michigan Pen, in war work: Red Cross, $500; Liberty Bonds, $9,000; War Chest $1,200; War Savings Stamps $4,100. Guess we’d better change the subject.

Lt. Col. John C. Groome, late of the Pennsylvania State Police, goes to France to take charge of the Military Peolice for Pershing. If the State Police were going with him we would be really interested.

A new disease called Spanish Influenza is sweeping over Europe, and Germany in particular is said to be suffering greatly from this new plague. Strange how unsympathetic we feel!

German newspapers report that the people of the United States are living in their cellars on account of the terrible destructicn wrought by their airplanes. The Germans must be descended from Ananias.

Hundreds of thousands of Catholics give the new Archbishop of Philadelphia, the Most Rev, Denis J. Dougherty, an enthusiastic welcome upon his arrival to take charge of his new See. We feel safer now that we've a shepherd.