---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '4018'
image: umpire_1918_115.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- inside joke
- ' joke'
- ' gossip'
title: Let's All Be Glad
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

Who wouldn’t be a gold-fish weather.

Go across or come across. If you can’t do the first, you can perhaps do the second.

The world owes you a living alright, but you’ve got to hustle to collect it.

This war will have accomplished something worth while at least, if it makes cabbage and corn-bread fashionable. 

Strange how our thoughts keep going back to those happy days of childhood when we were allowed to lick the ice-cream dasher.

That Jersey chap who invented a ventilator for shoes did an entirely superflous thing. We’ve been wearing ventilated shoes for the past two years.

Inmate—who has just found a small piece of wood in his frankfurter— ‘“Say I don’t mind eating the doggies, but I rather draw the line at the dog-house!

Sympathetic visitor, to ‘‘Pete’’—after hearing about his 22 years— “My poor fellow you’ll be glad when your time is up, won't you?”
"Pete,” — “Not particularly.”

A hobo who got a job with a farmer during the busy season, worked until half-past nine, then had his supper. and went to bed to be called at 3 a. m. to begin the new day. He ate a hearty breakfast, then started upstairs, saying, “This is the best place I ever worked; two suppers in one night, and back to bed again.”

Our favorite—
Flower, Forget-me-not.
Hymn, Take me as I am.
Song, Where do we go from here? (also Curly’s)
Rumor, We’re going over.
Hero, Ourself.
Gem, Jim Jam.
Detestation, The Kaiser.

We wonder why Jack at the bat, 
Oft lines a foul one out 
like 
that. 
Maybe the next one he will miss, 
And then he slams one just
l
i
k
e
this.