---
author: B-8266
day: '17'
editor: ''
id: '4022'
image: umpire_1918_116.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' games'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES 

At the Delegate meeting of July 9th, the following were admitted to membership in the Club. B 9273 25¢; 9275-15¢; 9262, 9263, 9255-10c; 9274, 9250, 9251, 9261, 9254, 9270.

The report of the Treasurer showed a bal- ance of $57.49 in the Club Treasury. Among the changes in personnal, was the re-appointment of B 5936 as Delegate for 12-1st Gallery; the resignation of B 8700, Delegate of the 6th Block, and the appointment of B 8783 to fill the vacancy; the resignation of B 7579, Delegate of the 1st Block, and the appointment of B5336 to fill the vacancy; the resignation of B 8898, 5th Block.

The receipts of the week were, from Circulating Library, $6.50; from Sales, $1.00; Dondtions $0.85.

Expenditures: B 8517, Loan at the Gate, $1.00; John Wanamaker, Croquet Set, bats, Rubber Quoits, $10.50 (7.20 of this expenditure covered by collection); Harlacher Auto Service, $0.50; War Savings Stamps, $1.00.

The Delegates have introduced a new joy into life in the E. S. P. by forming a drill-squad, and starting out to acquire merit in that line, and they are now becoming one of the high-lights of the Institution. Every so often, one of the Military Companies come marching by their drill-ground to pause, and look, and then turn away in uncontrolable grief. The strongest men seem to be unable to endure the sight without weeping. But the Delegates go grimly about their business of learning how to ‘‘hay-foot, straw-foot,” while the drill-master rages, and the spec- tators imagine a vain thing, for they can see that they are progressing and soon they will be able to keep step without their feet, and change the same without falling down, and then will come their reward.

All Saturday morning it seemed certain that J. Pluvius had turned pro-German, and had determined to spoil an E. S. P. holiday but the prayers of some fourteen hundred petitioners must have availed much, for he relented just in time for the boys to come out on schedule time, and tho it seemed for a time as tho they might be driven back again, as the paraders were lightly be-sprinkled all the while of their passing, and some of the finer plumaged birds lookt a bit bedraggled before it’s ending; yet nothing came of it, and before the afternoon had ended the sun was out and shining.

The Yard was necessarily a bit damp, and standing games were popular, but the most of the boys managed to pass an agreeable afternoon, nevertheless, the day for music, at least out-doors, and the Band retreated to the shelter of the Band-room where they discoursed popular airs during the afternoon; while the Mandolin Club, thought discretion the better part of valor, and chose to await a more propitious day, and the piano didn’t appear until nearly the close of the festivities.

The receipt of a new croquet-set added zest to the interesting game, and the President retrieved a damaged reputation by giving the Vice-President a deserved walloping; there were a new set of rubber quoits to toss and some new bats to swing, and of course, a ball game was had which must have ended to the satisfaction of all concerned, as no score seemed to have been kept, and then there was the Bulletin board, filled with fruitful subjects for discussion, and if anybody had any kick coming about the spending of the afternoon they kept it very much to themselves.

—B 8266, Secretary.

Treasurer’s Report for the 3rd Quarter, April 1st, to June 30th, 1918.

RECIEPTS

Balance on hand April I, 1918 $130.78 
Contributions and Repayments 71.23 
Commissions and Sale of Goods 23.925 
Sale of old paper and ete. 106.38 
Magazine Subscriptions 92.60

Total $424.24

DISBURSEMENTS 
Gifts, Donations and Charities $85,95
Paid for Magazines 93.19
Purchase of goods from Inmates 141.09
Purchase of goods supplies 57.36
Miscellaneous Expenses 28.81
Thrift Stamps 5.00
Cash on hand June 30th, 1918 13.54

Total $424.24