---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '4026'
image: umpire_1918_117.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' ESP news'
- ' war effort'
- ' printing'
title: '"Go-Bang" From Prisoners to Soldiers'
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

"GO—BANG” FROM PRISONERS TO SOLDIERS

Our soldier boys at the front and at the cantonments are in need of amusement while off duty and this need is being met by the patriotic efforts of a great many of the country’s leading citizens and especially by the the women of the nation.

Prison Inspecton Carver started the ball rolling here by inducing the board of inspectors to furnish material for the making of five hundred ‘‘Go-Bang’’ games; the equipment necessary for playing the game consists of a board somewhat similar to a checkerboard with the exception that the board has a good many more squares; also a set of disks somewhat like checkers but smaller, half of them red and the other half purple.

“Curly’’ started things going with a bang in here and when the print shop boys and the Red Cross got busy, the five hundred were soon completed. At the bottom of each board is printed, “Presented by the inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary.”

Below is a copy of one of the letters received, which explains itself:

THE NATIONAL LEAGUE FOR WOMAN’S SERVICE 

“For God—For Country—For home” New York City. 

To the inmates of the Eastern State Pen- itentiary

Gentlemen: —

The Soldiers and Sailors Canteen of the National League for Woman’s Service beg to acknowledge with pleasure the receipt of 5 boards and bags of ‘‘Go—Bang.” This interesting gift to our eanteen is the more especially appreciated as being the free will offering of men who are doing and have done their ‘‘bit’’ by giving what they would to comfort and encourage our boys at the front.

I am very cordially yours. 

MRS. GEORGE C. ARCHER. 

July 15th. 1918.