---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '4030'
image: umpire_1918_117.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' war effort'
- ' agriculture'
- ' roads'
title: Prisoners Are Employed at Farming and Road Building
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PRISONERS ARE EMPLOYED AT FARMING AND ROAD BUILDING

Howard Heinz, food administrator for Pennsylvania, in a letter to the county food administrators, directs attention to the advisability of employing county jail prisoners wherever possible at various kinds of labor, thus releasing men for military or other essential service. The State Board ‘of Public Charities has sent forward to Mr. Heinz a report showing most gratifying results from the working out of this plan, which is operating under the act of the legislature of June 17, 1917.

In many counties, a large part of the jail population is profitably employed, as the following statement demonstrates:

In Beaver county prisoners are employed in farming and street work.

In Berks county they are farming a 12-acre plat of ground, raising vegetables.

Blair county prisoners are farming six or eight acres, raising produce for jail purposes.

Cambria county employs its prisoners at farming and road building.

In Delaware county they are working on the country almshouse farm.

Thirty-five prisoners in Luzerne county are at work at the county farms or employed at woodchopping for the benefit of the mother’s pension fund.

Schuylkill county is using them for farm work at the almshouse, and on a seperate plat general produce is raised for the jail.