---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '4034'
image: umpire_1918_118.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' prison'
- ' editorial'
title: Just Remember
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

JUST REMEMBER

There are those of our number who complain of public injustice, and it’s neglect of the interests and welfare of the prisoner, and never remember that they once formed a more or less prominent part of that same public, and never took even an academic interest in the prisoner, unless they happened to be a ‘‘professional,” and then only how best to keep from being one. But did they do or say anything that might lead to the bettering of our lot? Did they ever make any protest against the common attitude toward the prisoner, and the ex-prisoner? Never a word, never a protest! They were not interested then.

There are also those of our number who spend a large portion of their time in howling about the hardships of prison life, and never remember that prison conditions are largely of their own making.

Prison conditions will never be made better while an overt feeling against all discipline persists; while the Officials are regarded as one’s natural enemies, to be deceived to the top of one’s bent; while the sole idea is to put in the time, and do as little work as possible, and let the future look out for itself; to think only of one’s self, and adopt the same attitude toward your fellows. We, the prison population, can do the most of all toward the bettering of prison conditions, and we can do so by making the best of a bad matter; by sinking self, by an absolute determination to regenerate yourself, and help a little in the regeneration of our perhaps weaker brother, and the soonsr we recognize this fact the better.