---
author: The Corrector
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '4035'
image: umpire_1918_118.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' wages'
- ' The Corrector'
- ' penal press'
title: Prisoners Paid $1.50 a Day
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PRISONERS PAID $1A.50 A DAY

Kentucky will pay its priconers who work on the road $1.50 a day in place of $1, as a result of the highly suecessful experiments during 1916 and 1917. A recommendation for extending the system is made by Nat B. Sewell, state inspector and examiner, in a report just made to Governor Stanley, and he also urges employment of several hundred more prisoners and increasing the price paid for the labor.

In spite of the experimental nature of the work and the fact that conditions in some counties were very unfavorable, the state made a net profit of $600. Fewer guards and better business organization will, according to the report, greatly increase the profit of the state from this labor, even at the low price of $1 a day.

Other reports made to the national committee on prisons and prison labor show that the war is resulting in a greater use of prison labor in road building all over the United States. Nine additional prison road camps will be established in Missouri, where the price of the labor of the prisoners isfixed at $1.50 a day and where the men work without guards. The state highway depart- meant reports that the percentage of escapes from honor road camps is less than that over the walls at the prison. Prisoners cannot be supplied to private contractors.

Military roads are being built in Ohio by the aid of convict labor. Fifty prisoners from each of the state prisons have been organized into emergency squads to rush to completion the National Highway in Muskingum County, so that road may beused extensively for the transportatlcn of army motor trucks and other military supplies. The number of prisoners will be doubled as the work proceeds.

Governor Cox expects the use of convict labor to lead to a boon for good roads in Ohio. In aletter to the national committee on prisons and prison labor the statement is made that the road contractors gave up their contracts in compliance with a war emergency request so that the state could rush work with convict labor. Private contract convict labor is prohibited, but the state may employ prisoners in road building. The men regard detail to this work as an honor.

The committee, which is working for the most efficient utilization of this labor from its war bureau in Washington, is anxious to prevent exploitation of these men even though the state may employ them in the war emergency. In this connection, it has gone on record in favor of paying a wage to the prisoner, a procedure which also protects the standards of free labor and private industry. —The Corrector.