---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '4038'
image: umpire_1918_119.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

American casualties to date: Dead, 4,703 wounded, 6,111; missing and prisoners 633. It’s a price we’ve got to pay.

President Wilson will take no vacation this year. He will be kept too busy to leave. So will we.

Gen. Crowder calls 7000 more draftees, and 399 cooks to the Colors. Will Mr. Stackhouse, and his men, volunteer?

Lt. Quentin Roosevelt downs his first enemy airplane. Fancy we can hear Teddy saying “Bally.” and ‘‘Dee-lighted.”

The German meat ration will be cut to six ounces after the 1st of August. Well there’s at least one place we wouldn’t rather be.

Canada, which has already sent 400,000 to the the firing-line overseas, is about to send another 100,000. The Maple Leaf refusesto ‘‘fall down.”

British Recruiting Mission receives authority to enlist all colored British subjects between the ages of 18 and 45. Do we hear any response from toe 1st, and 4th?

Haiti declares war on Germany, making the twenty-first nation at war with the Hun. Surely the Kaiser must discover soon he is disliked.

President signs Wire Control Bill, empowering him to take over for the pericd of the war, all telegraph, telephone, cable; and radio lines. Wish the Govt. would take us over for the period of the war.

Pennsylvania’s Reserve Militia, consisting of three regiments of infantry, and a squadron of cavalry, goes into Summer camp at Mt. Gretna. War is mostly what Sherman said it was.

Coal Administration orders coal supply of breweries to be cut off. After their present supply is used up they will be compelled to close. Which is a erime, or a blessing, according to the point of view.

Government control of the tobacco industry, and the rationing of the same is a possibility of the near future. The Government seems determined to make life not worth the living outside the army.

Germans start their new offensive on a 65-mile front on the Marne. They make but little progress. Americans take two towns, and Crown Prince’s army is being fought to a stand-still at all points. It seems all we can do is, sit on the side-lines, aad yell ‘‘Hold 'em."