---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '4042'
image: umpire_1918_119.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' joke'
- ' inside joke'
title: Let's All Be Glad
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

LET’S ALL BE GLAD

We had to come here to learn that pie is not a not a necessity of life.

The local work or “‘fight’’ order is going to save the State a large sum on mattresses
and pills.

Someone—who should have known better —told us that turnip tops were more or less edible. Less is right.

We have a perfectly good excuse for not going to war. No, you guessed wrong, we're afraid of getting sea-sick.

Our Overseers are very patriotic. The most of them will spend their vacations in making a war-garden hump itself.

Nowadays they operate on boy’s heads to make better boys of them. That wasn’t the end they used to operate on.

Visitor (in green-house) —Do you happen to know to what family that plant belongs?”
Henry—‘‘That plant don’t belong to no family. That plant belongs to the E. S. P.”

Overseer— ‘‘I see that some Broadway swells never wear a suit more than once.”
Inmate—"Well, neither do we; only it’s a longer once."

Our idea of a cheerful soul is the man who can get up in the middle of the night, step on a carpet-tack, and immediately legin singing ‘‘Brighten the Corner Where You Are.”

The traveler who had stopped at a negro cabin in Georgia, watched a pickaninny gobbling up a large piece of pie. ‘‘Some eater, that boy of yours,” he remarked to the proud father. ‘Yas-sah,” agreed the old man, ‘‘he shorely kin eat. Once he git his uppah lip ovah ah piece o’ pie, it am his pie, boss; it am his pie!”