---
author: A-8432
day: '24'
editor: ''
id: '4047'
image: umpire_1918_120.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' funerals'
- ' finances'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

A special meeting of the Board of Delegates was held on the 16th day of July.

Meeting called to order by Vice-President, A 8432.

The Vice-President placed before the Board of Delegates the special business of the day.

The resignation of the Secretary, B 8266, was read.

Motion made by B 8663, and seconded by B 3571, that the Secretary appear and state reason for resigning. Motion carried.

Motion made by B 8663, seconed by B 8273. that the Board accept the resignation of B 8266 as Secretary of the Honor and Friendship Club. Motion carried by unanimous vote.

Motion made and carried that the Board of Delegates adjourn.

The following business was fransacted by the Honor and Friendship Club for the week ending July 23, 1918:

For War Saving Stamps $1.00 
From Grant & Co. 20.50 
Commission to Grant & Co. 4.10 
To B 5318 for hand-bag work 1.00 
Collection for Mandolin 2.15 
Donation to H. F. C. 0.25 
Subscriptions for Magazines 7.00 
Sale of rags 109.00 
Commission on rags to B 8974 10.09 
For the burial of five Inmates 100.00

Total Expenditures for the week ending July 23, $116.19 

Total Cash received from sales etc, ending July 23, $138.90

It seems rather strange, that so little attention is given to the activities of the Honor and Friendship Club, by its members, and the work that is carried on. In the above report appears an item for the burial of the five deceased members of the Honor and Friendship Club.

What does that mean to the average man?

Just this much: That the Honor and Friendship Club stands as a barrier between deceased members and the Anatomical Scciety where formerly the deceased inmates were taken. Now they are at least assured of a burial befitting the Handy Work of The Almighty.

The Honor and Friendship Club has abolished the Anatomical Society in so far as this institution is concerned. In its stead a Christian burial by one of the Honorary Members of The Honor and Friendship Club, Mr. Bradley of the City of Philadelphia.

The very ties that bind its Honorary members and The Honor and Friendship Club together assures us that our deceased members are cared for and given a decent burial with no more hopes that if they are so unfortunate as to have no relatives that, they will not go to the Anatomical Society but a burial that their own people would bestow upon them.

2000 N. 20th St., 
Phila., July 11th 1918.

To the members of the Honor and Friend- ship Club:—

It is with great pleasure and sincere thanks that I wish to acknowledge my election to honorary membership in the club. I am very much interested in its work and sincerely hope it will continue to grow in usefulness and service. Withall good wishes for future success I am,

Yours sincerely,

SARAH J. DAVOULT.