---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: ''
id: '4051'
image: umpire_1918_121.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

The new Sox and Underwear Shop is making very favorable progress under the expert management of Mr. Hornberger. fifty to sixty dozen pairs of Soxs are being turned out daily; while the new motor-driven machines are at last in operation, and turning out underwear of the best quality. These machines are the last word in efficiency, costing some $665.00, and going about their task with an entire disregard of the operators leelings—or fingers.

Corporal Jimmy Johnson dropped in from Camp Meade, one day last week, and reviewing the E. S. ‘‘Army,’’ pronounced it almost the equal of the National bunch. He introduced it to some ot the newest wrinkles in warfare, and regretted that it’s circumscribed area of operations forbade his accepting a commission in the same.

The affable Mr. Morey, of the Bake-house precinets, reports a huge saving in bread since the action taken by the inmates to that end. The saving has averaged several hundred loaves daily, and we should now be able to look Hoover himself in the eye without violently blushing.

Messrs. Collis, Mahery, Hornberger, Mahedy and Patterson, are expected back tomorrow from a ten-days vacation, mainly spent, we believe, in comflict with the irrepressible weeds for control of a Victory Garden. They are expected to report large gains in tan and avoirdupois.

Col. E. S. Dalrymple,—arbiter of the destinies of the 1st Block—and wife, spent the week end at Atlantic City, and report seeing no U—boats, but plenty of souvenir merch: nts in the offing. Anyway ‘‘Dal” couldn’t be sunk without a trace, and his bulkhead protection is so perfect that it would take at least three torpedoes to do the job.

Capt. Al. Dutton is away on his vacation, which we are credibly infcrmed is being spent at Sewers Inlet. This is a strange body of water to us, but we can readily believe that the view from his rocking-chair on the back-porch, at sunset, with the mosquitoes biting freely, is something immense.