---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: ''
id: '4053'
image: umpire_1918_121.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' letter'
title: A "Letter" From "Over There"
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A “LETTER” FROM “OVER THERE”

Dear J-----

Just a line to tell you this is the life, and you can bet I’m enjoying every minute of it. I’ve been right in the thick of it for the last few weeks, and say, J---, you’d call me a liar if I teld you how many Boches I’ve got. If they were worth a dollar a-piece-which they ain’t-I’d be a rich man now. And excitement! Say, we used to think a ball-game between the P------ s, and the N----h with the score a tie, the bases full, and two men out, was exciting, but it’s just a pillow fight compared with this. Why, say, J----, there must be at least sixteen airplanes overhead right now, shooting, and dropping things, and you’d think it was hailing by the bullets rattling on my helmet; and say, J-- --, there’s more gas in the air than there ever was in the Y----- on Saturday afternoons; and shells are ltustin’ all around, so thick that I have to stop every so often and brush the pieces of shell off the paper so I can see what I’m writing. Say, J----- , if you were here you’d be scared to death, but I guess you know me, alright.

And the nights! Say, do you remember how I used to rave about the b.bs? Well, they ain’t nothing compared to them German airmen for a pest. Were you ever on the Jersey side, and spent a twilight hour with the mosquitoes? Well, the Boche is just so, only worse. They come buzzing around at all hours cropping Bombs, and monkey-wrenches-and sometimes the whole works when our guns get in a hit-drop ’em in your bed, in your tobacco, in your boots if you’re so foolish as to take ’em off; and say, J----, you ought to be glad you got nothing but b. bs. to bother you, for them bombs are bad!

I’ve gotta go out now for a minute, cause a sheli n 13 just come in, so no more till next time,

From you old pal,

G---------