---
author: B-9080
day: '31'
editor: ''
id: '4056'
image: umpire_1918_122.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' prison reform'
- ' editorial'
title: The Scrap Heap
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE SCRAP HEAP

Much has been said and written of late years to establish the fact that society does not gain by the present system of handling men who violate the laws.

Graduates of the reform schools take post-graduate courses in the larger schools of crime—the state prisons—and often return when one would suppose that they had completed their education, yet society did not wake up to the facts of this economic waste— not to speak of the infinitely greater loss of the moral effect— until recent years.

First the immoral environment of the homeless child; next the institutional life of the orphan, then the almost inevitable result, the prison. Of course food and shelter were provided which society seemed to feel was all that was required.

Former prison methods only hardened the hearts of the prisoners so that when they were released they naturally drifted back to their former associates among the out-casts.

That the law-breaker deserves the maledictions of society to some extent can not be denied, but should he be subjected to years of prodding and humiliation while in prison to break his spirit and fill his heart full of revengefulness and bitterness? Society now answers, No: and the fruits of this answer are being gathered.

The Eastern Penitentiary recognizes the fact ‘‘that a man is a man for all, that’’ and that what a man thinketh in his heart, so is he, and has put before us prisoners a chance to think elevating thoughts by treating “us as men. Illiterates are taught to read and write and thereby to get the thoughts and ideals of the worlds great thinkefs; vocational training obtains; good books are at hand; and the privilege of athletic games out in the sunshine and fresh air in evidence every day except Sunday.

The latest innovation is that the cells are open all day giving the men the great privilege of the yard and the men are organized into companies for physical development under army discipline.

Think of the men who in former years had to spend all their weary time in a narrow cell, their muscles withering up for want of exercise, their lungs narrowed down to short pants, their bodies wasting away for need of sunshine and pure air, and their hearts and souls famished for a little show of human kindness; compare their deplorable conditions to the present day, and look up.

Back of all this great change is the spmt of it and when such a spirit is shown us, shall we appreciate it and make good?

When men’s bodies are in good condition, their minds and thoughts are brighter and healthier, so instead of men having to go from here to the scrap heap, they now have the chance to make men of themselves under happier conditions. How about it, shall we all show our appreciation by co-operation and make it a go? Everybody boost and do his bit for the good of all.

It’s an inspiration to go out in the yard and see the host of men go through the figures of organized calisthenies and military maneuvers. It also has its humorous side in watching the awkward squad. Narrow chested men with bay windows are becoming chesty and normal amidships. The crooked are being made straight and re-formed. Their mouths are turning up at the corners. The Doector has a smile that won’t come off, except an occasional fear that he might loose his job.

Who knows but that Uncle Sam will be glad to welcome us to help take the conceit out of the Hun; who can say--with the world on fire with the hell of war--that we may not be called upon to do our bit. Who can predict anything sure while these great changes are making history so fast. Can we not express the spirit of the times in honor and friendship?

It is now up to us. Placed in a position where it means so much to us, our manhood is at stake. There is not an old timer in this prlson today who knows prison life as it has been but feels encouraged to attain to higher ideals and who does not heartily respond to the call for cleaner and better living.

The law has set us down as criminals; well don’t get distressed, we’re caught, but how about the fine sense of honor of the men who for years contributed to the death rate of the country by adulterating food products or the fellows who manipulate the stock market to their financial gain and various other schemes whereby they rob their neighbor. The shape of our heads and the trend of our aspirations are not differant from theirs.

These changes in prison management are the result of higher ethical standards all around and no doubt the war has opened men’s hearts to the bigger things in life than mere gain as co-operation in a great cause. has brought the high and low together for a common purpose.

But, no matter what the basic reasons are we fellows have to thank with our whole hearts the powers that be for this great opportunity to make this prison a better place to live in, by everybody boosting for the common good.

— B 9080.