---
author: New Era
day: '31'
editor: ''
id: '4059'
image: umpire_1918_122.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- New Era
- ' penal press'
- ' prison reform'
title: Improved Penal Conditions
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

IMPROVED PENAL CONDITIONS

As I look back I see the prisons as they were twenty-two years ago, dreary hopeless places, most of them, where men served long cruel sentences without the hope of parole, and compelled to work at heavy uncongenial tasks under the pressure of the contract system, with rules, senseless and soul stultifying, which arenow happily relegated to oblivion

I am glad the work began in the days that our ‘‘boys’’ were still called ‘‘convicts.” Then Prison Reform was an unpopular sub- ject, and the world was prejudiced and unsympathetic. It was truly pioneer work, and, we had the glorious privilege of championing the cause of those who then could not speak for themselves. There were no prison papers. No prisoners could send out messages to the press. They had no voice with which to make their needs felt, their wrongs heard or their tribulations known. As the years have passed and owing to the officials, and many earnest friends who have arisen to help, I have had the joy of seeing the dark clouds of hopeless despzir dispelled, anc a new day dawn of hope and happiness for the boys who have learned to look up and hope.

Our prisons are immeasurably better than they were, so much so that no comparison is possible. But, they can become so much better, that they shall be known as the threshold of a new hope, and a stepping stone to better things in the life of every man who comes under their influence. I need hardly say that the life and conduct, the spirit and work of each man, will tell as much in the attainment of these ideals as the work and wisdom of our wardens and others who are looking after their material welfare in the prison world. 

—New Era