---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: ''
id: '4060'
image: umpire_1918_123.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to date: 12,239, dead, 4510; wounded, 7,035; missing and prisoners, 690. But we seem to be getting our quid pro quo, alright.

Arriving at the Front without artillery, an American unit attacks German position with rifles, and capture 2600 prisoners, and 72 guns. And they probably could have done it without rifles, too.

Death of Lt. Quentin Roosevelt confirmed. German aviators drop notes back of Allied Lines, saying fall had killed him, and telling of his burial with full military honors. Dulce et decorum est por patria mort.

Soldiers at Camp Grant, Rockford, Ill., who have been shooting at targets in the form of German soldiers, have turned the targets around, and are now firing at their backs. Sort of adding insult to injury, as it were.

The work or fight order is interpreted to include ball-players, and is also likely to include the movies. Well, Walter Johnson’s arm, and Theda Bara’s eyes would make an excellent battery, we think.

Germany has called another million men to the colors. Boys of 16, 17, and 18 are being sent to the Front. Will it reach a point where our boys will have to carry a stick of candy with which to quiet the prisoners.

Major Theodore Roosevelt, Jr. is wounded by a machine-gun bullet in the knee while leading a charge on a nest of machine-guns. Are we going to let the Roosevelt family fight this war for us?

Ganerals Pershing, Bliss, and March; and Admirals Sims, Rodman, and Straus, are made Knights of various Orders, by King George. We're likely to have a few Dukes in our army before we get thru with the Germans.

Secretary of War, Baker, will ask for army of 5,000,000 men this year, when Congress re-assembles in August, and will also ask that the age limit for the Draft be raised and lowered from 19 or 20, to 40 or 45. 2, 000,000 men to be called to training camps in Septeber. We’re still waiting Mr. Secretary.

U-boats sinks U. S. cruiser San Diego, off Fire Island, N. Y., but most of the crew are rescued. Tug-boat, and four coal-barges are sunk off Mass., coast, and a fishing schooner off the coast of Maine. Does Ger- many expect to win the war after this manner?