---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: ''
id: '4061'
image: umpire_1918_123.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prisoners
- ' war effort'
title: Why Not Enlist Prisoners?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WHY NOT ENLIST PRISONERS?

An editorial in the New York Evening Post of recent issue, under the above caption, among other things says: ‘‘Should a prisoner be allowed to fight for the United St'ates? This question is being discussed by prison reformers all over the country. More than that, the topic is uppermost in nearly every prison, penitentiary and house of detention.”

The Post then quotes from Doctor Kirchway, former Acting Warden of Sing Sing, who had just completed an inspection of New York and Pennsylvania penal institutions, as follows:

“The men responded spontaneously and well to all the patriotic appeals. The reason is clear. Whatever appeal recognizes them as citizens, men who must take hold of the national problem with the rest of us, grips them, because they have keenly felt the degradation and loss of citizenship.

“They have been told that they were no longer part of the common life; no longer wanted or needed. The slightest thing that intimates their fellowship awakens the most pathetic enthusiasm.

I think the Government might well modify its attitude toward the eagerness of prisoners to serve the country. The Army is the greatest socializing influence we have. The inmates need it as the country needs their rehabilitaticn. In the Army they would be among all classes and conditions of men. It would not be difficult for officers to create a sentiment of perfect fellowship and democracy without separating soldiers into those who had done time in prison and those who had not; rather let the distinction be given those who demonstrated their bravery, self-sacrifice and real devotion to the country and the fighting unit.

“As long as men are kept together as ex- prisoners, or criminals, their service to their country becomes less of a redeeming feature. The men ought not to feel that they are to have a chance to make good merely as a body of criminals. A prisoner in the Army takes upon himself the duties and opportunities for service of a normal man. The Croix de Guerre of a reclaimed man ought to show no reservation. There would be no better opportunity of humanizing or socializing the criminal class than by getting them into the Army.”