---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: ''
id: '4069'
image: umpire_1918_124.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- parade
- ' army'
- ' ESP news'
title: Military News
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MILITARY NEWS

Saturday’s parade demonstrated that the military drills and athletic exercises kave accomplished much in physical efficiency of the inmates as well as to make the parade well worth looking at. Instead of the disorder as a result of lack of training— like the German army in retreat—the men hold their heads up and their chests out, keeping step with the band like old soldiers. The E. S. P. ‘‘reserves’’ is organized as follows.

Commander in chief,
Warden R. J. McKenty.

Rev. Joseph Welch Moral Instructor. 
Colonel Number B 8361 
Lt. Colonel 8266 
Adjutant 8676 
Aide-de-Camp B 8264 and B 9152 
Regimental clerk Number " 8543 
Athletic instructor 9001 
Color bearer 8736 
Sergeant major 7426 
Bugler 8736 
Captain, Co. A 8264 
Lieut. Co. A 9001 
Captain, Co. B 8943 
Captain, Co. C  8567 
1st. Lieut. Co. C 8556 
2nd 6704 
Captain, Co. D 8587 
1st. Lieut. 8705 
2nd. 8588 
Captain, Co. E 7959 
1st. Lieut. 7773

Each Captain-is responsible for the men under his command at all times.

Of course once in a while a man has to be brought to the knowledge that they are under discipline; they would have to learn that in the army. A case in point is that of a man who didn’t want to drill, the other day because it was too warm and he was getting too tired; his commanding officer told him that the yard was getting dusty and that he had better get a broom and sweep up some, that might give him some idea that one has his duties in life whether in here or out. A slacker in here gets about as much honor as he does outside.

But the great point is that of the psychological attitude of the men since this out-door training has been instituted; students of human nature, psychologists, penologists and even criminal court judges might see many things here that would change some of their pre-conceived ideas regarding men.