---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-8266
id: '4070'
image: umpire_1918_125.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' obituary'
- ' funerals'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

“Men may rise on stepping stones of their dead selves to higher things.”
Tennyson 

The weather man kept his promise to the H. F. C. 

Well proud need be our President, with chest expanded to the limit reviewing the parade of the Honor and Friendship Club with much pride, standing beside our genial Warden, on the reviewing stand, and in hearing of the pleasant comments of the visitors, in their remarks of the H F. C.

Well proud of the Honor and Friendship Club need he be, as they stand behind him to a man, and let the ‘‘Kaiser’’ say a word for Rube and his H. F. C. members will have the second battle of “Verdun.’’

Tony says that he and his band, is well proud to escort and play for the Honor and Friendship Club’s Parade on Saturdays. During the course of the afternoon’s concert by his band they rendered Tony’s masterpiece, which he has been working on for some time, entitled ‘‘The Magicof McKentyville.” The composer was greatly applauded by the men.

Our ever popular Vice President and Board of Governors were in evidence all during the afternoon in the yard and ever ready to help in the making of the afternoen as pleasant as they could.

Through the recent death of John J. Bradley. Sr., Honorary Member of the Honor And Friendship Club, we have lost another of our best, honest and valued friends.

For years Mr. Bradley performed the sad duty of the burial for all our members, giving each and every one a decent and honorable burial and keeping their bodies from the Anatomical dissecting table and ‘‘Potter‘s Field" Conscientious in the performance of his duty, Mr. Bradley soon gained the respect and affection of all. We deeply deplore and mourn his death, as it means a loss not only to his family, but to every member of the H. F. C. ‘‘He Was Our Friend.” ‘‘Vale.”

July 29th 1918.

A regular meeting of the Board of Governors was held this day and the following business was transacted.

The Chairman called the meeting to order, the following being present. A 8432, B 8762, and B 9017. 

The secretary then read the minutes of the previous meeting. Motion made by B 8762 and seconded by B 9017 that the minutes be accepted. Motion carried. The secretary then read the Representative Delegates report Motion made by A 8432 and seconded by B 9017 that the Board accept the report of the Representative Delegates. Motion carried. The Secretary then read the communications of the week. Motion made by B 9017 and seconded by B 8762 that the H. F. C. purchase the mahogany table which B 7674 offered to sell to the H. F. C. Motion carried. Motion made by B 8762 and seconded by A 8432, that $2.00 be paid to B 7241, for the articles the H. F. C. purchased from him. Motion carried.

Receipts for the week ending July 27th were as follows.
Circulating Library Sales. $4.50
Donation to the H. F. C. $0.25
W. S. S. $1..00

A loan of $5.00 was made to B 6109 at the gate, by order of the President. He was injured while at His work at the Navy Yard.

Moved by B 9017 that a Committee of four be appointed, as an athletic committee for to devise ways, and means, for all future athletic events. Motion made by B 8762 to ammend the resolution making the secretary of the H. F. C. the Chairman of said committee. Motion made by B 8762 and seconded by A 8432 that the resolution be adopted. Motion carried. Motion made and seconded that there being no further business the Board adjourn. Motion carried.

July 30th 1918.

A special meeting of the Board of Governors was held this afternoon at 1.00 P. M. to take action on the death of Mr. John J. Bradley, Sr., an Honorary Member of the Honor And Friendship Club.

On Motion duty made and seconded, the secretary was instructed to write a letter of condotence to the family of Mr. Bradley in behalf of the H. F. C.

On motion made by B 8762 and seconded by B 9017 the President was authorized to purchase a suitable floral design with the H. F. C. letters upon it, to be presented to the family of the deceased.

Motion made by B 9017 and seconded by B 8762 that the president attend the funeral of Mr. Bradley as representative of the H. F. C., motion earried.

Motion made by B 8762 and seconded by A 8432 that the Secretary draw up a set of Resolutions and present a copy of the same to the family of the said Mr. Bradley and they be pringed in the UMPIRE. Motion carried.

Motion made and seconded that there being no further business the Board of Governors adjourn. Motion carried.

July 30, 1918.

A special meeting of the Board of Delegates was held this day at1.00 P. M. to take action on the death of Mr. John J. Bradley, Sr.

The Chairman A 8432 called the meeting to order and the roll call showed all the Delegates present.

The Chairman A 8432 then addressed the Board and stated what action the Board of Governors had taken in regards to the death of Mr. John J. Bradley.

Motion made by B 2740 and seconded by B 8663 that the secretary draw up a set of Resolufjons in behalf of the H. F. C. and send a copy of them to the deceased family. Motion carried.

Motion made by B 8271 and seconded by B 2740 that the Board of Delegates wear a black ribbon for the period of 30 days in memory of Mr. Bradley. Motion carried.

The Chairman then placed before Board the vacancy which Treasurer.

Motion made by B 2740 that an election of a treasurer take place to fill said vacancy. Seconded by B 8663. B 8501 was placed in nomination by B 2740.

Motion made by B 2740 and seconded by B 3998 that the nomination be closed. Motion carried.

Motion by B 8087 that the election of treasurer be unanimous. Seeonded by B 3998. Motion carried.

The Chairman then asked the Sergeant at Arms escort the new Treasurer to the table and in a few fitting words tendered the office of treasurer to the new Treasurer.

Motion made by B 8271 and seconded by B 3998 that B 6093 be admitted to the H. F. C. Motion carried.

Motion made and seconded that the Board of Delegates adjourn. Motion carried.

July 31, 1918

A special meeting of the Board of Governors was ealled by the Chairman this afternoon at 1.00 R. M. to take action on the death of Overeeer Martin Tucker who died on the 31st inst.

On motion duly made and seconded the Secretary was ordered to write a letter of condolence to the family of the deceased, in behalf of the H. F. C.

On motion made and seconded the President was appointed a committee of one to purchase a floral design, with the H. F. C. initials on it, and present it to the family of the deceased.

On motion made and seconded the President was appointed to attend the funeral of Mr. Tucker as the represenative of the H. F. C.

Motion made and seconded that there being no further business the Board adjourn. Motion carried.

WHEREAS:

In the wisdom of the Almighy, He has deemed it fitting to take one of our Honorary Members, JOHN J. BRADLEY, SR., from this earth.

We, the Officers and Delegates of the Honor And Friendship Club, ot the Eastern State Penitentiary in fitting spirit, do give expression to our appreciation of the kindly interest always given both the Club and members by Mr. Bradley.

RESOLVED:

That in his death our Organization of which he had been an Honorary Member, and had been connected for the past few yearsloses an efficient and faithful Member, the Church and community a consistant Christian and good citizen and his family a devoted and loving father.

Be IT FURTHER RESOLVED:

That the commemorating the goodly interest of the late John J. Bradiey, Sr., the Honor And Friendship Club shall purchase a suitable floral emblem, and present the same to the family of the deceased, with the condolence of the Officers and Members of the Honor And Friendship Club, and that a copy of these resolutions be sent to the family of the deceased.