---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-8266
id: '4073'
image: umpire_1918_125.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' obituary'
- ' overseers'
- ' library'
- ' books'
- ' reading'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

Mr. Thomas Parker, Jr. son of our own amiable and efficient Captain Parker, of the Night Watch, has joined the Student’s Training Camp at Fort Sheridan, Ill. in preparation for a Commission in the National Army, and the Cap’s pride in the future General Parker is visible at thirty paces, and who can blame him?

Mr. A. Shaw, Jr., our new Librarian, who has introduced such order and system into that haunt of real culture, as would turn a modern efficiency expert green with envy, reports the accesion of a number of new books to the Library shelves, and with a supplemental Catalog, nearly ready for issuance, those of our number, who, like the Athenians of old, crave always some- thing new, will be able to have their wants gratified in the near future.

We are able to view the approach of winter with equanimity when we contemplate the piles of coal which grow daily about the Institution. All available space is being used to store this very necessary. adjunct to our comfort during the days when we move the bed up against the radiator, and if a local coal famine this winter it will not be the fault of the Prison Administration, we’ll warrant. Everything is full, or in process of being filled, except the bath-tubs, and some of our number are said to favor their use.

It is with unfeigned regret that we chronicle the passing of Mr. Martin Tucker, an Overseer of this Institution for many years, and at the time of his being stricken with a mortal illness, guardian of the 3d Block corner.
We did not have the pleasure of personal accquantance, or contact, with the deceased, but we ean say truthfully, that none name him but to praise, and that his loss is deeply felt by both Officers, and Inmates. The one, mourn a good comrade; the other, a staunch friend, who ever dealt justly; and of whom no word of criticism ean be truly spoken. Four of his fellow Officers. Messrs. Collis, Smith, Mahedy, and Sullivan were amcng the pall-bearers at his interment on Saturday morning, when the the floral offerings of the Honor and Friendship Club, and the Third, and Sevzanth Blocks, had honcred place among the many such tributes, and gave mute expression fo the sincere esteem in which he was held by his former charges. May it be truly said of him, as of Dunean the King, ‘ After life’s fitful fever he sleeps well.”