---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-8266
id: '4075'
image: umpire_1918_126.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
title: Discipline
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

DISCIPLINE

The discipline of life, which most of us resent as a perfectly unwarranted interference with our lives, liberties, and our ancient and inalienable right to do as we darn please is really, were we but wise enough to see it, the only way to happiness.

A man buys his freedom by restraint, self-denial, and work. Temperance in all things, should be named the first cardinal virtue. It isn’t the ball-player who tries to stretch a three-bagger into a home-run, and perishes at the plate, amid the groans of the disapointed fans, who becomes the idol of the multitude, but the old reliable player who neglects no reasonable chance, makes a specialty of touching each base as he passes it, and obeys orders.

The art of self-denial; the thinking first of the other fellow, is a very necessary virtue, indeed. Some of us go blithely ahead in our chosen course, ready to trample down all who oppose us, confident that our way is the best way, thinking only of our own good, and end by finding ourselves, like the traveler in the dessert, in the middle of a vast solitude, with ever man’s hand against us. We are become a hissing, and a by-word for selfishness, and we can’t understand it at all, for our ideas of our own importance was such that we never dreamed but that our own little world would recognize it, and standing respectfully aside, look admiringly while we swept triumphantly up to the finish line, trailing clouds of glory as we came, victor, as it were, by divine right.

And they are always virtuously surprised and indignant when some little sawed-off runt, who, in their eyes has never possessed either brains or refinement, is summoned to the front on the annual field day, and has a real silver medal pinned to his perspiring bosom, amid the Banzais of the multitude.

They simply can’t understand it. Failing, or not wishing to remember, that the little runt who kept so assidulously in the background and shunned the lire-light as tho it were a disease was always busy, and that in doing things for others, and without any thought of a possible reward.

As to work we realize how distasteful any discussion of this subject must be to a number of our readers, and will simply say this much, that the man who shys away from work, generally eats at the second table, after all others are thru and that is hardly our definition of happiness.