---
author: N. Y. World
day: '7'
editor: B-8266
id: '4076'
image: umpire_1918_126.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- shipyard
- ' employment'
- ' wages'
title: The Biggest Shipyard
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE BIGGEST SHIPYARD

It is the largest shipyard in the world, as big as any five yards in this country at the outbreak of the war. It covers 860 acres.

Fifty shipyards will extend a mile along the river. Seven piers will have a total length of one and two miles. Each pier will accommodate four of the large ships at once.

A total of 1,000 shops all over the country employing 350,000 men, have been mobolized to fabricate the parts of the vessels. They must turn out 75,000,000 feet of lumber, 406,000 tons of steel, 570 boilers, more then 500,000 horse-power of steam turbines besides steel shaftings, propellors’ anchors and other fittings.

The shipyards will handle 400 freight cars aday. About250 carsof construction material have been handled each day in the building of the yard. The average time a car has been in transit has been twenty days, so that for four months several thousand loaded cars have been rolling steadily toward Hog Island.

About 300 cars will be required for the transportation of materials inside the yard

The yards have seventy-two miles of track.

There are more than 20,000 parts to each ship. All these must be assembled.

There will be twenty-five acres of covered buildings. There are 22,000 employees and will be 29,000. Five thousand men now live in barracks.

The weekly pay roll is now $750,000—

Each noon hour 16,000 men are fed by company in a great mess hall. There are consumed daily 12 steers, 150 bushels of potatoes;15 bushels of onions, 12 bushels of carrots, 1,500 gallons of coffee, 3,500 pies, 900 pounds of butter and 7,500 pounds of bread. The water system has rapid sand filters of a size sufficient to serve a city as large as Minneapolis. The electric power 28,000 horse power, consumed is approximately equivalent to that used by the City of Providence.

The sewerage system will be sufficent to care for a city of 30,000 persons.

A fire department at the plant has ninety uniformed men and modern engines. The military police, including a large mounted force, number several thousand.

There is a base hospital under Dr. Thomas Darlington, former health commisioner of New York city, with five emergency hospitals. Dentist work twenty-four hours a day in eight hour shifts caring for the teeth of employees.

Ships are being built! 

—N. Y. World.