---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-8266
id: '4079'
image: umpire_1918_126.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- employment
- ' Prisoners'' Relief Society'
- ' reintegration'
- ' prison'
title: Prisoners' Relief Society
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PRISONERS’ RELIEF SOCIETY

While war times have made it unusually easy for released prisoners tosecure employment, the Prisoners Relief Society, of Washington, D.C., is still looking after the welfare of those who require assistance either before or after leaving prison. The Society has on its list railroads, manufacturing and mevcantile establishments all over the country, who are willing to take former prisoners on their payroll. Earl Dudding, founder of the Society, has placed 5,000 ex-prisoners during the last three years.

The Dudding system is different from that of the commercial employment agencies. Men about to be released from prison are given blanks to be filled out, one by themselves and the other by the warden. Following the receipt of these blanks thorough investigation is made to assure the Society that the man is on the square. This investigation and the information furnished by the man himself, usually discloses some line of work for which the applicant is best fitted. Letters are then sent out to all the concerns listed as willing to take such men and who employ men of the class of the applicant. The return mail usually brings from one to three or four opportunities for honest employment, so that when a priscner is given his release from the prison and steps forward again a free man. he is given at once full instructions how to proceed to the place where he is to receive employment. Thus he goes directly to his new work, and there is no chance for him to be blackmailed, as are so many ex-prisoners, by men who know their records and who extort money from them under constant threat of exposure. There is nothing left to expose. The employer knows all about it and doesn’t care.