---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-8266
id: '4080'
image: umpire_1918_127.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' ESP news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to date killed, 5,628; wounded, 7,732; missing and prisoners, 764. It is a goodly toll, but the staying of the Hun tide is worth it.

Honduras declares war against Germany making the twenty-third nation to become really peeved at the Kaiser. It begins to look as tho this scrap was open to all comers, with the apparent exception of ourselves.

The Fourth Liberty Loan drive for an as yet unannounced sum will be made during the three weeks from September, 28, to October, 19th. Which leavesus all plenty of time in which to procure the wherewithal to buy a Bond.

The Envoys of the Allied Powers are driven from Russia by the Bolsheviki, who are apparently on the point of going over to the Germans. Well, there’s one consolation, at least they won’t have far to go.

Lawyers, barbers, chauffeurs, actors, and all circus employees, and attendants, which includes ‘‘fakers’’ are expected to come under the provisions of the work or fight order at an early date. And, oh,' but we,re sorry for the first named.

24 Philadelphia boys were among the crew of the freighter Tippecanoe when it was sunk off the coast of France by an enemy submarine, but only one life was lost. Which was one too many.

One piece of Victory pie is now allowed to be served in restaurants in addition to the two ounces of bread allowed to each patron. And so is life on the outside made once more worth living.

We regret to report the continuing illness of Mr. Yarnall; the serious condition of our ex-Deputy, Mr. Enckler, who at once more in Hospital, and the absence from his post of Mr. Tucker, guardian of the 3d Block corner, from the same cause.

Americans keep right on winning and it’s now only a question of days till the Kaiser discovers we have an army in France. They whip the Prussian Guard, advance two miles in one day, capture so much enemy ammunition that it takes them three days to shoot it off—-from one-time enemy guns, of course— take thousands of machine-guns, and hundreds of prisoners. And the order of the day is ‘‘Banzai’’