---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-8266
id: '4089'
image: umpire_1918_129.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' war'
- ' prison'
title: A Drum Beat
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A DRUM BEAT

The E. S. P. Volunteers were out on Saturday afternoon in fullest panoply of war, acting as escort to a ‘‘captured’’ Kaiser; whom they afterwards hanged in effigy with all ceremony and contumely, to make still more effective an E. S. P. Holiday.

The interesting replica of his Germanic— and Satanic Majesty, stuffed with excelsior, which beats blood-and-iron—and with a cabbage-head camouflaged to look so nearly like the original, beneath the (tin) helmet, as would deceive any admiring Hun, was triumphantly escorted about the yard in a cart, under the close guardianship of the ’‘Mulli- gan Guards,’’ organized, and armed for the occasion with staves and agriculturial instruments, as tho the captive were some new form of potato-bug which had been captured in the Colonel’s War-Garden, and was being put on exhibition before being exterminated.

A scaffold had been erected on the Store- house grounds, and upon the disbanding of parade, a drum-head court-martial was at once convened, and the captive put on trial on charges of inciting a whole nation, or nations to riot, and other charges as described in a Bill of Indictment presented by B 8264, who acted as Judge-Advocate of the Court.

City & County of Philadeiphia
State of Pennsylvania

A True Bill of Indictment

At a special session of the Grand Jury convened by authority of the Military Tribunal before whom this acticn is triable, evidence was submitted to the effect that one Kaiser Bill, alias “Me und Gott;’’ alias “The Baby-kiiller; alias Assistant Big-and-Little Devil;’’ alias Bad Bill from Berlin, etc. did on a certain day of our Lord, 1914, felonious- ly, and with malice aforethought murderously precipitate a peaceful world into such a war as Sherman couldn’t have described; and further:

He has, for the past four years, been the chief devil of a band of murderers, who have ravished helpless women, bayoneted helpless babes; murdered old men, and young chiidren on a pretext of military necessity, and that:

He has within the present year, so extended his operations as to include those who are our friends, and brothers; has thru his agents, murdered American wounded; crucified American prisoners, and further:

Has violated every existing law of warfare, as well as of humanity; has fired upon and murdered, Doctors and Red Cross nurses on their errands of mercy ; has sunk hospital ships, and bombed field-hospitals; and the greatest crime of all, has been proven to be the father and protector of six of the greatest yellow streaks known—and unfavorably—to history; with other high crimes and misdemeanors too numerous to mention.

“Gentlemen of the court, you have heard the charges. You know the evidence. What say you, Guilty or not Guilty?”

The yell of “Guiity,” and ‘‘Hang him!”’ which went up from that bunch of Volunteers would have convinced the most dull-witted that the Kaiser didn’t have a friend in that assemblage; and it was easily apparent that his doom was sealed.

“Kaiser Bill, stand up!”

Business of cowering victim being assisted to his feet by the Colonel, and the Lord High Executioner.

“The sentence of the Court is that you be hung by the neck until you are dead, and it is the hope the Court that your inhuman soul may find repose upon the hottest gridiron in the hottest corner of your Great Accomplice’s domains. Executioner, do your duty.

Without benefit of clergy what benefit of clergy had the men, and women, and children of the Lusitania? and amid the wild cheers of the spectators, the trap was sprung, and the body of the world’s greatest criminal, the magnitude of whose offenses against law and order makes us hang our heads in variest shame of our inefficiency, shot thru, to hang quivering, a target for the jeers and missiles of the spectators. As a rehearsel of the execution the Volunteers hope some day to pull off in Berlin, it was most successful. 

Mr. Lafferty, and a friend, Mr. Grier, appeared during the afternoon, andreviewed, the Volunteers, who covered themselves with a rich cast of glory by the precision of their evolutions. Mr. Lafferty made a short address, saying that he was sure that all this preparation would not go for naught, but thatscmeday every man present might be on the firing-line doing his "bit" for this country, which, statement brought forth a storm of applause. We feel sure that if his was the dispensation, it would not be long until we were fighting