---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-8266
id: '4091'
image: umpire_1918_129.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

Warden Robert J. McKenty; wife and Miss Elsie McKenty, are spending a few days at the Delaware Water Gap, in search of coolness and the quiet life; while Mr. John W. McKenty has lost himself for ten days in the whirling tides—human and otherwise— We don’t doubt that a coat of tan will sit as admirably upon our Warden as does his uniform; but we would respectfully advise the Hon. ‘‘Johnny’’ to wear a sea-anchor when bathing.

Mr. Larry Redmond, one-time playful Cerberus of the Seventh Block, was in looking us over on a day of the past week, and reports a hope of being back on the job in a month or so. Which news is not unwelcome.

Our Star Reporter hath it, that Mr. Yarnall is safely recovering from his recent illness; that Mr. Whittaker’s defeat by the heat wave of the last week was but temporary; and that Cap. Dutton, whose mysterious indisposition so svon following a vacation, is unexplainable except on the assumption that he mistook a toad-stool for a mushroom, or vice-versa, is back on the job after an absence of two nights; which leaves the In- stitution practically in statu quo.

Messrs. G. B. Snow, of the United States Marines, whom the Germans so affectionately (!)term ‘‘Devil dogs;” and who is still suffering from a wound received in France; and R. E. Adams, and Frank Durkee, of the U. S. Navy, were Saturday visitors to the Institution, and gave it as their opinion that this place was far superior to the trenches as a place of residence, but signally failed to convince us of the truth of this assertion.

The Hon. Robert L. Myers has his hands full these hot days acting as Grand Outer and Inner Guard to the Ice Wagon. The barred zone he throws about this very necessary vehicle and it’s coveted contents could well be copied by our artillery commanders for us in France. No foe, however ingenious, has yet succeded in passing it.

That riches have wings is an accepted axiom, but friend Goldsmith has been heard to state in no uncertain terms that transfers are also possessed of some such aids to locomotion, and cites a recent breathless two-hour pursuit of an elusive specimen on a recent date, as supporting evidence.