---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-8266
id: '4094'
image: umpire_1918_130.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' parade'
- ' army'
title: Blow, Bugles, Blow
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

BLOW, BUGLES, BLOW

An unfortunate circumstance forced this out of our last issue, but better late than never.

The E. S. P. Reserves were out in force, and full panoply of war on Saturday, and made a fine showing. If Kaiser Bili had ever had chance to give them the north-to-south there would have been peace before sun-down. Their marching quality improves daily, and they already possess the erectness, and elasticity of step of real veterans. Those few weeks of drill and exercise have already gone far toward making real upstanding men of quite a number of our broken-down ‘‘sports,” who aforetime would have shuddered at the very idea of walking a block in the hot sun, and can now drill for an hour or so without a murmur.

The Commander-in-chief and Warden, Mr. Robert J. McKenty, with Mr. Lafferty of the Board of Inspectors, and Mr. Milton F. Gentch, of Boston, Mass. reviewed the “troops’’ in the course of the afternoon, and were delighted at their martial appearance, and the precision and snap with which they performed their varied evolutions the colored company, in particular, brought forth salvos of applause from the spectators by their splendid work, which easily marked them as being the corps d’elite of the E. S. P. army.

We are violating no confidence when we say that Mr. Lafferty intends to have in during the week, Mr. Brooks, President of the Massachusetts State Broad of Parole, for the purpose of showing the gentleman what we can do in the way of preparation for the service we all look forward to, and we feel sure that we are going to earn the gentleman’s good opinion.