---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-8266
id: '4095'
image: umpire_1918_130.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- letter
- ' war'
- ' The Umpire'
- ' ESP news'
title: A Word From France
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A WORD FROM FRANCE

We are indebted to Mr. Walker, of the Fifth Gallery, for the following extracts from a letter from one of his former charges who is now serving his country on the fields of France.

“I am sure we will win this war, but it is very hard to set any particular time; but I doubt that we will get back home this year.

We are all giving a good account of ourselves, and I am sure that the Germans are all heartily sick of their bargain long, long ago. Was very glad to see a copy of the Old Umpire again. That was once my favorite Four thousand bucks is some coin, believe me; under the circumstances.

Well, Bill, you know me, and I always told you that I for one wouldf surely go if I ever got a chance. I am cooking now for my Company. This country over here is fairly healthy. The climate is very much like the Pacific North-West.

Good for the old Gallery, she made one fine showing ( In the War Chest drive. Ed. ) and it won‘t be forgotten, either. There are five or six Philly boys in my company, and a few old Inquirers, or any Philly papers would go good as the dickens. We get the base-ball scores, right along via wireless. I see old Philly is still in the first division, anyhow.

Gee! But I‘d like to get back for the World Series. I have seen several of the boys from our old gang, and they are all making good.

Well, Bill, tell em the Gallery, and the Umpire are on the Western Front, anyhow, and sticking, too. So long, and good luck.