---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-8266
id: '4099'
image: umpire_1918_131.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

American losses to date, killed, 7,091 wounded 9,973; missing and prisouers 873. We will allow you to add up the total, dear readers.

Gen. Ferdinand Foch, Commander-in-chief of all allied armies, is made a Marshal of France. A deserved reward.

Our own General Pershing is given the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor at the hands of President Poincare. Tlhis is the highest honor in the gift of France, and we feel it to be deserved. This conferring of Orders will go on until the Kaiser gets the Order ot the Boot.

Germans sink another Hospital Ship, the Warilda, making eleven such ships to date The Germans apparently proceed on the theory that a wounded enemy is far more dangerous than an un-wounded one.

United States, and Japan will send a joint expedition of 20,000 men to Siberia to protect military stores, and give moral support to the Czecho-Slovaks. The Bolsheviki threaten a declaration of war, in such case. Rescuing Russia is about as thankless a job as trying to rescue a would-be suicide.

John K. Tener resigns as President of the National League, giving pressure of Government employment as his reason. Our own League is due to lose a President, but not for a like reason.

The Government Labor Bureau will bring thousands of workmen from Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois, to relieve the labor shortage in Philadelphia. Why go so faraway for labor? Like Barkis, we’re willin’.

September 5th, is expected to be Registration Day for the 18 to 45 men under the new Draft. And after that, little blue card will be as Mary and her little lamb, inseparable.

Knights of Columbus will raise a fund of $50,000,000 with which to carry on their war-service work abroad, and in the training camps.

The Reading Railway is now employing women as track-hands for the first time in it’s history. From now on travelers via the Reading needn’t worry about the paucity of scenery.