---
author: B-9017
day: '14'
editor: B-8266
id: '4107'
image: umpire_1918_132.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' proverbs'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

“No man is good but as he wishes the good of others, no man can be good in the highest degree, who wishes not to others the largest measure of the greatest good.”
JOHNSON.—

Acquire the habit of keeping cheerful and boost instead of fault finding.

Beware of the fellow who makes promises which never materializes.

We Hooverize is the bye word but we don’t sneak around the back door and fill our stomachs and then shout from the house tops that we Hooverize. At present we do Hooverize, the back door having been closed

The H, F. C. has installed an open air reading table, with all the latest magazines of everv discription, for the use of its members. This is a privilege of the H. F. C. extended to its members only.

Through the generosity of Mr. Edward Kraupa, who devotes much time to the H. F C. and its members in supplying them with motion pictures and other entertainments during the winter months, has donated to the H. F. C. this past Week a scenic curtain for the stage in the auditorium; Thanks Mr. Kraupa we appreciate your kindness.

During the past week, we have received cards of acknowledgment and thanks from our letters of condolence to the members of the families of the late John J. Bradley and Martin Tucker.

Receipts for the week ending August 10th, were as follows. 
Circulating Library Sales. $3.50
Donations to the H. F. C. .95

Expenditures for the week ending August 10th, were ‘as follows. 
War Chest. $10.00
W. S. S. 1.00
To B 7599 for Watch Fobs. 3.50
To B 8764 “              “and flags. 3.22
To B 8156 for Refinishing Inlaid Table of the H. F. C 1.00

August 5th, 1918.

The regular meeting of the Board of Governors was called to order by its Chairman, B 8436, on the 5th of August, 1918 at 1 P. M.

The minutes of the preceding meeting, July 29, 1918, was read and approved.

Application of B9041 to be remstated in H. F. C. was approved.

The purchase of ten watch fobs from B 7599 at $.35 each was approved.

On motion by B 7591 the sum of $3.22 was ordered paid to B 8764 for the ten watch fobs and eleven flags purchased from him some time ago by the H. F. C. was adapted

On motion by B 8501 the ‘‘D’’ was removed from the paddle of 8472.

B 9017 Secretary.