---
author: Simonin, Eugene B.
day: '14'
editor: B-8266
id: '4108'
image: umpire_1918_132.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- letter
- ' Eugene Simonin'
- ' war'
- ' Honor Club'
title: Untitled
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

Lieut, E. B. Simonin France. 
A. P. O. 702 A. E. F. France. 
July 22, 1918,

No. 9017 Secretary,
Honor and Friendship Club,
Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia Pa.

Mr. Secretary, and Members:

It has been a long time since I had the pleasure of talking to you all, just about a year ago today, and although you have not heard from me, it has not been because I have forgotten you. I have never forgotten the honor you bestowed upon me that day by electing me an honorary member to your club and you will be interested to learn that I have worn the button on numerous occasions. In fact it has been worn under several very interesting conditions, most notably one day when I flew from X—to Y—. So you see that little button you presented me with that day, has been worn in full view of the front as I promised you it would be. However as yet I have not had anyone ask “how long I had served.” As I was saying, it is just about a year ago when we were together up-stairs in the assembly room, and I had the opportunity to tell you what I had seen at the front. The week following I returned to France and remained with the French Army until September, but I did not return to the Front. It was then I obtained my release and joined the American army, Aviation Service. The rest you know. I so appreciated your recognition of my commission which account I read in the “Umpire.”’ I am now in the Infantry, detailed on special duty with the French, but hope some-day to return to the Front, so as to be able to tell you the same things of our own army when I return, that I related to you of the French. May that day soen come when I shall see you again. My best wishes to you all,

Eugene B. Simonin.