---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-8266
id: '4111'
image: umpire_1918_133.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- labor
- ' prison labor'
- ' war effort'
title: Would Use Convict Labor in War Work
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WOULD USE CONVICT LABOR IN WAR WORK

ELBERON, N. J., Aug. 10.—The first war work meeting of the National Committee on Prisons and Prison Labor, held today at the country place of Adolph Lewisohn, President of the committee, heard recommendations that prisoners be used to relieve the labor shortage in war work. The suggestion that America follow the example of Great Britain and France in employing convicts was made by Judge W. H. Wadhams of New York Court of General Sessions, and by Governor Walter E. Edge.

Judge Wadhams said that the use of crimnals in such work would require careful discrimination; confirmed offenders being kept in jail, while first offenders or those whose criminality had been indirectly caused by environment were given opportunity to help win the war. He said 150,000 persons were in jail, and that the census of 1910 showed that 468,277 persons were yearly released. He disclosed that a bill, approved by the War and Navy Departments and the President, was pending before Congress providing for the equipment of prisons so the inmates could turn out war supplies.

The Judge, recently back from over-seas, said England’s prison war workers were making many kinds of supplies for the army and fleet. He said that in Missouri a beginning had been made in employing convicts, the Governor commuting sentences so prisoners could serve part of their terms in munitions factories, He urged the creation by Federal authority of a State special service board, or the use of the present draft machinery, before whom men recommended by Wardens could appear for test of their value in war work.

I am cognizant of the objections of free labor to any plan which would put convict labor into competition with it,” said Governor Edge, ‘‘but this is farthest from our thoughts, and in fact a very remote possibility. Labor is so scarce, due to the drain upon the country’s man power, both for military and industrial purposes, that the mere suggestion of such competition in any circumstances appears absurd.

“Care is being taken that no step in the establishment of the State service system in New Jersey is repugnant to the sacred principles of free labor, but I feel that the demand for labor is so extraordinary, not only on account of the war, but on account of the rapidlv growing industries of our State, that convict and institutional labor of all sorts can be easily absorbed without any conflict with free labor. Moreover, the development of the State service system will have such a beneficial and restorative effect on the character of the criminal classes that the prevalence of the latter must in time be reduced to a minimum.’’

Methods of assisting the passage of laws in other States to back up the “‘work or fight’’ order were considered, and means of helping in waste reclamation work by gathering waste materials through country organizations were discussed. Other speakers were Mr. Lewisohn, Mrs. John H. Flagler, Chairman of the Committee on Education, and Dr. E. Stagg Whittin, Chairman of the Executive Committe.