---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-8266
id: '4114'
image: umpire_1918_133.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

Cap. Dutton has acquired a couple of novices in his Squad: Gentlemen, Mr. Scott; Mr. Bower.” The gentlemen will—it is rumored—on the completion of their nov- itiate take the names of ‘‘Great Scott!’’ and ‘“Right Bower.”

Our Chaplain’s seven-day-a-week devotion to duty is so well known that his absence for a day—and portions of others—last week was the cause of more remark than a three-alarm fire. But happily the indisposition was but temporary, and he was soon back on the job again.

Since the expert Mr. Armstrong hastaken charge of the Bakehouse, there has been a noticenable improvement in the staff of life whereon we lean. It is rumored that he stays up nights to see that it rises properly; and up days to see that it stays risen.

Mr. John Gillespie is back from a vacation spent at Wildwood, N. J. and brown as a berry, too. He reports that the only alien enemies he saw were sand fleas and real-estate agents, ahd John knows how to deal with thery.

The Hon. Bob Myere gave the E. S. P. Volunteers a taste of real trench warfare on Thursday last, and sickened not a few of these erstwhile happy warriors of the wie militaire, when he rushed everthing from corps d’elite to the reserves into battle with the 12th Block stone-pile. There were blistered hands, and sore backs belonging to the “army’’ when it retired that night, but “Bob’’ had won his battle with the stone-pile, and was content.

Mr. Mc Laughlin, whose presence at the Front used to be the equivalent of a mat with "Welcome" on it, has been moved to the 3d Block corner, and we expect to see the Hospital records show a marked improvement under the heading of cheerfulness.

Mr. Cleeland is back from his vacation, and with him has returned the good cigars, which were presumably on their vacation, also.

In the local version of ‘‘Casey at the bat,” it is reported that a strike was made, and that genial officer doesn’t deny the soft impeachment.