---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-8266
id: '4116'
image: umpire_1918_134.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' criminality'
- ' prison reform'
title: Now And After
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NOW AND AFTER

The world’s idea of a criminal is that he is a thing apart, to be guarded and kept, and interned as often as possible, apparently on the theory that he will bite the very hand that feeds him at the earliest opportunity, and only by long continuing confinement can he be tamed to a point where it would be safe to allow him the freedom of the streets without the strictest police supervision.

He apparently loses all economic value in the eyes of the world once he is behind the bars; and it is entirely the world’s persistence in this unlightened attitude toward him that keeps him from having an economic value. Nobody is going to buy a horse that everybody damns, no matter if they see him with their own eyes trot a mile in 2.06, or better. No one wants to employ a man upon whom society has put a brand of dishonesty. And we all of us know how quick society is to put this brand on a man—Jersey justice is justly or unjustly famous—and how slow it is at taking it off.

And in doing this society is really cutting off it’s own nose to spite it’s face, to use a coarse but true metaphor. It is supporting the convict, and ex-convict, in practical idleness instead of giving him a chance to support himself. Economieally speaking, it would be far cheaper in the long run to keep him in jail than to let him out, unless something practical is done for him once he gets out. There is no creature among the maimed, the balt, and the blind so helpless as the ex-convict. To them every man’s hand isstretched out in sympathy, while every honest man’s face is set as flint against the ex-con. Just try standing on the corner of Eighth & Mar- ket witha tin-cup, and a sign saying "Please help an ex-convict,” and see what happens. You’d get more days than pennies.

Until very recently it was the common practice in this country to hound the criminal after he had served his sentence; and the better methods are beginning to prevail this praetice still persist in degree. The old adage ‘‘Once a criminal, always a criminal,’’ which is about as logical as saying ‘‘Once a Democrat, always a Democrat,”” is still applied. In some sections of the country the ex-convict is given ‘‘hours to leave.” He is hunted from pillar to post as tho he were rather a contagious disease than a man, and good stout walls and bars the only cure.

When a man leaves these walls he has presumably paid his debt to society, and his account should then be crossed off the books.

But nothing of the sort occurs: society simply makes a liar out of him from the start; because if he tries to get a job, he well knows that if he admits that he has ever ‘‘done time’’ it will queer him. He will be passed up by everybody who knows him to be an ex-convict. And when he finally does succeed in getting honest work—if he should hold out that long, and is prosperous and happy, nine times out of ten along comes another “ex,’’ or some unconvicted detective or policeman with the soul of Iscariot, and an alleged mind, and betrays him to his employer, who holding up hands of holy horror shooes him from the premises. Is it any wonder that he goes back to crime?

Give us a chance for our white alley; give us the beneflt of the doubt; let the dead past pury it’s dead. Don’t try to force us into keeping on paying a debt that we have already squared. A ‘‘square deal’’ is all that we ask of society, as it is all that society has asked of us.