---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-8266
id: '4121'
image: umpire_1918_135.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
- ' paper'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

Convicts are being used in the delivery of ice. Which reminds us of the fact that there is a shortage of this particular kind of labor in Philadelphia, and that we are handy, and willing, and—oh, what’s the use?

The War Department has ordered a 15% cut in the size of daily papers, effective Aug. 12th; and 20% cut in the size of Sunday papers, baginning Sept. 1st. As the UMPIRE is neither of these we don’t pretend to know what’s going to hapgpen to it.

The Food Administration is shutting down on ice-cream, partly because of a threatened ice-famine. There soon wont be a single reason why we should want to be out.

In the year ending July, 1st. Mr. Hoover says that we have sent abroad to our Allies; more than a third of a billion bushels of cereals; of which in excess of one hundred and fifty miliion bushels was wheat, this latter, literally saved out of our own mouths. Are you saving to contribute your part to this year’s quota?

All heat records in the history of the United States Weather Bureau were broken during the past week; the thermometer passing the hundred mark over the entire country, with 114 for the highest record. We were positive that it touched 140 in here one night last week.

Captain Sarret, of the French Army, carries to a successful issue, his project of dropping from a moving airplane with a parachute. He dropped 800 yards with an umbrella 12 yards in diameter, and landed safely. Which means that one of our local in- ventors will have to turn his thoughts to the invention of a non-refillable tea spoon, or some such article.

An American woman has founded an order of Godmothers to ‘‘take an individual and parental interest in the soldiers, sending letters to them and little gifts of remembrance. and keeping track of them thruout the war.” Now, can’t we enlist?

The Food Administration asks that the Amercian public eat more beans, as there is a large surplus which threatens to go to waste upon the adveunt of the new crop. Bring ’em along; we can dispose of a few bushels.

American losses to date, are; killed, 7,952 wounded, 11,200; prisoners, ard missing, 1534. The results speak for themselves.