---
author: B-9017
day: '21'
editor: B-8266
id: '4125'
image: umpire_1918_136.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' baseball'
- ' women'
- ' Second Block'
- ' '
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

“Look not mournfully into the Past; it comes not back again. Wisely improve the Present; it is thine.
Go forth to meet the shadowy Future without fear and with a manly heart.”
Longfellow.

The Saturday afternoon Holiday in the yard under the auspicious of the H. F. C. was the most enjoyable of the season. The weather-man favored us to the extent of having given us a cool day for our outing.

The parade spoke volumes for the H, F. C. and its members, who were lead by the H. F. C. Band and its able leader B 7621, playing all the latest hits of the season which put new life into the men marching.

During the course of the afternoon there was a Ball Game for the admirers of the game and the fans were much in evidence, by their rooting for their favorites in the game. The Chess and Checker contest was a long drawn out affair and hotly contested for.

There was music by the H. F. C. Orchestra and its able director ‘‘Dutch’’ drew quite a crowd to their section of the yard. The Band Concert by the Band proved such a success and attracted the largest crowd, was the attraction of the afternoon. Had our former band-master been here to witness the concert and seen our Leader B 7621 wielding the baton so valiantly, he would have envied him. The Band these days is keeping up with the principles of the H. F. C and is giving the best music possible, to the agreatest enjoyment to the greatest number.

During the afternoon ‘‘Rube’’ our President would be seen here and there, making possible the enjoyment of each and every member. How few there are of us who realize the many personal sacrifices the President makes for our welfare, so we may get the greatest enjoyment out of the yard privilege.

Our friend Deputy Warden Souder was much pleased, for the good order which is maintained in the yard by the H. F. C. and its members, as he pays us a visit whenever he is able to in the yard and helps to keep things going.

It is said that women are made to bear the greatest hardship in this war by the ziving up of their sons, fathers, and husbands, that they may fight to win the war. Few there are of us within these walls whose thoughts turn to the members of the Honor and Friendship Club on the Second Block and their activities in helping to win the war in the name of the H. F. C. Few of us realize how hard these members have worked in the interest of the Club and to make a showing. That they are 100% members in deeds 18 well as words.

Every one of us men can get a lesson out of what the girls have done and are doing. Work we all must. The result of work is success. Success is achieved desire, success is never luck. To succeed in an undertaking we must work mentally or manually.

Work is the foundation of all success. We cannot succeed without trying. In such a case, trying is effort. Effort leads to enthusiam, ardent zeal and repetition. Add patience and constant work and you will soon have success. Without work we could only look for retrogression, misery, degradation and a sorrowful world. The successful person is the working person.

The girls have set the example for work, patience and success. Day and night they have worked hard to make some boy who is fighting somewhere: remember he is not forgotten by those at home and that they think of him even though within prison walls.

During the course of a few weeks ninety sweaters have been knitted and ready for shipment by the members of the Second Block. Can anyone say these members of the Honor and Friendship Club are not making good and will not make good upon their release by such work as they are doing.

And in their work there seems to have entered competition. One member B-8642 having won the competition, having knitted fifteen sweaters herself, one who has done as this. member has done, is sure to win success and make good. Here also is a lesson for us all. This member applied to the Board of Parole for release and was refused; did not come back sullen, crying, and admit defeat, but worked all the harder in knitting the sweaters for the boys who are fighting, although deprived of the privilege of going into the world and joining the army of workers. The day will soon come when success will release you from this shut-in world of ours to go forth to new successes.

The Honor and Friendship Club extends their sincere thanks to Miss Snyder, Mrs. Treher and Mrs. L. Boal, the matrons of the Second Block for the greatkindnessextended to the members of the H.F.C. in theircharge and their interest in them and their welfare.

Every member of the Honor and Friendship Club extends their sincere thanks for the wonderful work the members of the Second Block have performed and given to the H. F. C. for Uncle Sam’s fighters. Proud we are of you all.

I take the liberty of calling you friends, thougb I never had a chance to speak to you or see you personally. But there are tragedies in human life which when experienced incom- mon, make all the participants automatically friends, according to the unwritten law of the human heart.

There is not one of us who is not heartily sorry for the mistakes of their lives. There is an atmosphere of human kindness and sympathy in here of which the outside world has no idea, and which illuminates thedreary dungeon as a ray from heaven. Keep up the work, remember you are by your work and through the H. F. C. helping win the war by equipping Uncle Sam’s fighting forces. Let your thoughts continue to be with the boys in the trenches as they no doubt have been while you were industriously knitting. 
—B. 9017 Secretary. 
August 12, 1918. 

The regular meeting of the Board of Governors was called to order by it’s Chairman, B 8436, on the 12th of August, 1918, at 1 P. M., in the office of the Honor And Friendship Club, on the 11th Block. 

The minutes of the preceeding meeting of August 5th, 1918 were read, and approved. There were four memberspresent, one absent The report of the Representative Delegates was presented and read, and on motion accepted. 

The following application for membership were presented, and on motion accepted. B 2591-50¢, B 6093, B 7521-10c, B 7781, B 8073 B 9298, B 9299, B 9302-10c, B 9393-25¢, B 9304 Application made by B 8632, for a loan of $10.00 on his release. After investigating the case and having interviewed the man, it was found that he really did not want any aid on his release. The Club having offered him his ticket to New York, but he insisted upon having the money. After discussion the loan was refused. 

Communications received during the week were as follows.

Letter from John Wanamaker.

Card from Mrs. John J. Bradley and Family.

Card from Mrs. Jane Tucker and Family.

Letter from Lieut. Eugene B. Simonin. U. S. A.—France.

Letter from Mr. John J. Bradley.

Letter from former B 6005 enclosing a check for the amount of $15.00 part of the loan made him on his release, by the H.F.C.

On motion the letters of Messer. Simonin and Bradley, Mrs. Bradley and Mrs. Tucker were ordered spread on the minutes of the meeting. On motion Mr. John J. Bradley’s offer was accepted in the burial of our deceased members, the secretary being instructed to write Mr. Bradley a letter, notifying him of our acceptance of his offer.

On motion made and seconded, B 8501 was instructed to visit all new men, upon their transfer to the various blocks ahd galleries, and talk to them and inform them as to the Honor and Friendship Club, it’s purpose etc.

No further business being present, the motion to adjourn was moved by B 9017. Carried. 

B 9017 Secretary.

The First Block dipt deep into their collective and individual pockets and produced the wherewithai to purchase a fine floral offering to grace the bier of “Tommy,” B. 6401, whose demise occurred during the past week. He was at one time a ‘‘runner’’ on the First, and won the good opinions of all by courtesy and kindliness.