---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-8266
id: '4126'
image: umpire_1918_137.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- minstrelsy
- ' Curly'
- ' entertainment'
title: A Minstrel Show And A Parting "Guest"
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A MINSTREL SHOW AND A PARTNG "GUEST"

The E. S. P. Volunteers bade farewell to their Colonel, B 8361, better known as Curly, on Saturday afternoon with elaborate ceremony, the performance being staged on the Store-house grounds; and to use a popular phrase, a good time was had by all, “Curly” included.

A staging had been erected facing the reviewing Stand,’’ and after the Colonel had led his potential warriors on their last march around the walls of the local ‘‘Jericho,’’ which on the morrow were slated to ‘‘fall down’’—for him—and had duly reviewed thesame, ranks were broken, and the ‘‘Army’’ seated its-self on the ground facing the stage, while hundreds of the other inmates occupied every point of vantage; and the Visitor’s ‘‘Gallery’’ had it’s array of dignity and beauty, including Warden McKenty, and members of his family, C. Stuart Pat- terson, Esq., and Mr. Kraupa, et al, and last, but far from the least, the Colonel.

It was then, for his-the Colonel’s-and the audience’s delectation, that Messrs. Barrington, and Garnette, staged their justly celebrated All-E. S. P. Minstrel Show; which, it is reported, will shortly go on tour, starting with the 2d Block. From beginning to ending the performance was nothing else but excellent, and reflects the greatest credit upon all concerned.

The opening number was a grand chorus by the entire Company, the rich, and in some instances, startling color scheme of the costumes forming a blaze of color under the August sun. Baldwin, Interlocutor induced the End Men, Bones, alias “D. C.”’ and Tambo, in private life known as Brooks, and then Van sang of ‘‘Back Home In Indiana, until we could almost hear the sy camore leaves rustling ‘‘on the banks of the Wabash, faraway.” After a rapid-fire exchange of repartee between the Interlocutcr and Bones, the latter was ‘‘punished’’ being made to sing ‘“Whose Little Heart Are You Break ing Now? and for an encore, the famous ““Prison Blues,’’ the Colonel’s own-and favorite composition,—which was heartily applauded. More jokes; and then Billy Haskin consented to tell the audience all about his ““Little Grey Home In the West,’’ the location surprising everyhbody, as all had thought him hailing from Grand Street. Still more jokes, ana we believe it was here that Bones informed an interested audience how a ‘‘skipper’’ sandwich is made in the E. S. P.; followed by the Interlocutor’s giving a truly marvelous exhibitions of his powers as a whistler. We feel the Railroad Administration is wasting a lot of steam when it might be using him. Then he Bones, and Tambo, sang some nonsense verses, which made a hit, with the audience.

It was now that a halt was called in the merry-making, and the really serious portion of the afternoon’s performance staged. The Colonel was summoned to the Stage, and there received an ovation from the aud- ience which must have gone far toward compensating him for the two years duress.

“Jake,” B 9181, came forward, and voicing in a few earnest words the gratitude and esteem of the “Volunteers,” presented him, as a slight material token of the same en- during regard, with a fine gold signet-ring. It was probably the first time in the Colonel’s strenuous life when he was at a loss for words; he could only manage a few words of appreciation and thanks, instead of the fine burst of oratory which past performances ‘had led everybody to expect, and then Barrington, B 8550 completed his discomfiture by coming-forward, and presenting him in the name of the Officers of the ‘‘Army,’’ with a silver medal, fittingly engraved, as an earnest appreciation of his services. They were fitting gifts, and a well-earned tribute to one who had wholeheartedly devoted himself during the years of his stay among us to striving to make life easier and better for his fellows, and whose reccrd in helping others while at the same time helping himself, has certainly never been surpassed within these walls. The best wishes of the more than a thousand friends that he has made will follow him where ever he goes.

The performance was resumed with Van singing the ‘‘Dixie Volunteers,” with the company illustrating it with a variety of military evolutions we hope the ‘‘Army’’ will never attempt, if it wishes to get home for supper. It was immediately after this that the juvenile member of the cast, Master “Bob’’ McKenty, Jr. locking excessively martial in khaki, standing at ‘‘Attention’’ with drawn sword, sang ‘‘Over There’’ to the entire satisfaction of everybody, himself, and his grandfather included. Baldwin followed with a dramatic recitation which left no doubt in the audience’s mind as to his ability as an actor. His rendering of the Italian dialect poem, ‘‘One leetla Rose" was all that could be desired of the most critical audience.

Now "Pahson’’ Tambo, with Ludicrous “busisness‘‘, sings ‘‘Revival Days‘‘ and in so-doing‘‘ revives‘‘ for the day whatever drooping spirits there might have been in the audience. A dancing contest followed between Bones, Chatham, Perry, and ‘‘String bean‘‘, which was left a draw, as the judge apparently decide which was the better contortionist, and following this the entire company joined in singing Good-by, Good Luck, God Bless You as a grand finale, and two hours of hilarious fun had ended.

At the conclusion of the Show, the Rev. Dr. Van Pelt, colored Chaplin of the Trenton State Prison, who chanced to be an Institution visitor, was introduced by the Warden, and spoke in heartiest appreciation of the scenes he had just witnessed. He was followed by the Warden, who commended the splendid way in which every inmate was living up to his opportunities, and expressed a hope that there would be no slacking up in such efforts.

Chippie Patterson, in response to insistent demands from his ex-clients, then made a little speech, in which he made the Warden squirm by his hearty commendation of his work in the re-making of men, and-but that’s enough; it was an exceptional occasion, and farewell, and an E.S.P. Holiday long to be remembered.