---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-8266
id: '4127'
image: umpire_1918_137.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS 

Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, President of the H. F. C. etc. and wife, are spending the former’s vacation period at Atlantic City, and if we are to believe the evidence of a post-card we have seen, the Hon. Rube, is trying hard to eclipse Annette Kellerman in the ‘‘Australian crawl.”

Deputy-Warden Souder is also spending a few days in the same Philadelphia suburb, and we hope is having a nice time, as we have no evidence to the contrary. We trust that no shark, or ‘‘sub’’ crosses the path of our amiable Deputy.

Of the activities, and whereabouts, of the other vacationists, the Messrs. Beecher, Campbell, Sherman, McGrath, and Willoughby, we hear only rumors which forces us to believe that they have gotten as far from this madding crowd as possible. We’ll wager anything that ‘“Uncle John’s’’ real vacation will begin when he returns to a Block void of all that used to make life so interesting.

To Messrs. Gassenmeyer, and Moore, who are due to shortly follow in the foot-steps of the above, we are sure that we are going to bring real happiness by the assurance that report hath it, that clam diggers were never so plentiful, nor so active, as now; and that, tho the Navy may have commandeered all the field-glasses yet a false mustache will serve at close quarters.

The E. S. P. Volunteers have a new Colonel in the person of B. 9131, otherwise, “Jake,” who looks even more Napoleonic than his predecessor, the lamented ‘‘Curly.” There is a pleasant rumor about that he is sericusly considering the idea of issuing rations at an early date.

The E. S. P. Base Ball League, better known locally as the “Coal Dodgers’’ have acquired a new President in the person of B 9152. The Hon. “Jack’’ announces that his players, at least, will obey the ‘‘work, or fight’’ rule to the letter, and that no World’s Series is contemplated.

Mr. John Myers our genial pilot, received a telegram Monday announcing that his son J. Ellwood, of the A. E. F., has been severely wounded. We hope he recovers, and remembers who did it.