---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-8266
id: '4134'
image: umpire_1918_138.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- crime
- ' demographics'
title: From A New York Report
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

FROM A NEW YORK REPORT

‘‘Reporters, authors, baseball-players, and horseshoers apparently are in a eclass by themselves, so far as criminal tendenciesand subsequent convictions are concerned. The report reveals but one each as having strayed from the straight and narrow, while three publishers, ten pressmen, and sixty-five printers got into trouble and eventually landed in the courts. Three lawyers and an equal number of clergymen also were careless enough to figure in the report.

“While county clerks reported 67,969 convictions in courts of special sessions in this State last year, the figures, large as they may seem, are nevertheless lower by 1,423 than those of the previous twelve months. Records in the State Prison Department show 6,980 persons under lock and key in January, 1916; 6.517 on the same date in 1917, and 5,916 the flrst of this year. Improved industrial conditions as well as a tendency on the part of the courts to place persons convicted on probation have played an important part in bringing about this decrease.

Out of the 67,969 persons convicted for one crime or another 64,243 were males. Of the 7,930 persons convicted in courts of record, 2,881 were married, 5,084 were natives of the United States, 7,440 could read and write, and 7,274 claimed to be of temperate habits, and 2,902 had been convicted previously.

“In glancing over the report one learns that forty-eight butchers must have done something more than cut meat, that eleven actors played roles that furnished a judge for an audience. Twenty-nine bookkeepers were convicted, 100 carpenters, 6 cashiers, 231 chauffeurs, 418 clerks, 73 cooks, 7 dentist, 17 stenographers, 165 farmers, 2 ice-dealers, 12 insurance agents, 1,575 common laborers, 10 nurses’ 20 musicians, 15 photographers, 202 salesmen, 26 soldiers, and 105 waiters.”