---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-8266
id: '4135'
image: umpire_1918_139.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

The United States will put an army of 3,200,000 in France by next Spring, and win the war next year, says General March. But will the General please tell us if he is going to put us in?

Pennsylvania is called upon to furnish 83, 250 workers at once for her industrial establishments. The Dept. of Labor announces a labor shortage of a million men. We could easily remove that 250 from Pennsylvania’s quota.

The Entente Allies continue to advance on the Western Front, with the American eagle screaming in the van, capturing thousands of prisoners, and many guns. The Crown Prince is bravely leading his troops—backward.

Lt. Rene Fonck, of the French Service, is now the premier Allied ‘‘Ace of the Air” with more than sixty victories to his credit. He downed 3 Hun planes in 20 seconds, and six in one day. We got away to a late start, but we’ll beat even that record.

American losses to date; killed, 8,402; wounded, 11,947; missing and prisoners 1964; or a total of 22,318. “The last full measure of devotion.”

The Government commandeers the country’s entire wool supply for the needs of the Army, Navy, and Red Cross, of whose needs it is still hundreds of millions of poundsshort. Civilians—and us—will be forced to wear shoddy. Which same will be no change for us.

The sales of War Savings Stamps, Thrift Stamps, etc. up to August 1st, amounted to some $572,000,000, Pennsylvania’s share of this was a little in excess of $40,000,000. We haven’t had time to tabulate our share.

The World Series will start Sept. 4th, which means that there will be no use asking for a pardon on that ground. Draft Boards will not interfere with the players. Neither will our Boards.

More Draft slackers have been caught in Philadelphia than in. any other city in the U. S. Moyamensing is over-crowded with them. The river is near, why not drown a few? And, too, the E. S. P. isn’t over-crowded with ’em.

Twenty-five Indians from the Carlisle School are at Hog Island being taught the ship-building trade. ‘‘Me help build heap big canoe, and make whole world Democrat Party-!