---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-8266
id: '4146'
image: umpire_1918_140.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for adventisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to netify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING — Done at reasonable rates B 7386, 8rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8821, 8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Block.

FOR SALE-—Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack, cost $1.50; price 50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.

FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman Reception necklace different colors, designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tables, jewel-boxes, trays, clamps etc. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Slide Trombone and instructor, also Violin and instructor; both reasonable B 3552, 4 Block.

WANTED—To buy a good Bead Loom for bag and necklace work; also rocking-chair. B 9251, 5th Gallery

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furniture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames. All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block.

LOST—On Croquet Ground July 2nd. a pair of Spectacles. Will finder please return to B8068, 5th. Gallery.

FOR SALE—One Ladies size Guitar. reasonable. B5949, 12th.-2 Gallery.

FOR SALE—A McFarland banjo, with case and instructor. Will sell reasonable. B6451, 1st Block.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent opportunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Century style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post-cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Also models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms, birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00 B 3070, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Good Violin, reasonable. B 8108, 1 Block.