---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-8266
id: '4147'
image: umpire_1918_141.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Journal of Prison Discipline
- ' crime'
- ' criminality'
title: A Criminal Code Jumble
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A CRIMINAL CODE JUMBLE

The strangest criminal code in the United States is brought to public attention in the report of William E. Mikell of the University of Pennsylvania, who points out the urgent necessity of revising the code in that State.

“Viewing the code as a whole,” he says, “there is an utter lack of principal in the grading of crimes as felonies or misdemeanors, either according to the moral heinousness of the offence, or the severity of the punishment.” For instance: ‘‘Bigamy, with its attendant disgrace and illegitimacy, is a misdemeanor, while embezzlement by a servant is a felony at present in Pennsylvania. For a clerk or an agent to embezzle— by the code called larceny—is a felony; for a banker, trustee or guardian to embezzle, is only a misdemeanor. ‘‘Administering a narcotic with intent to commit larceny, is a felony; assault and battery endangering the life of an infant, is a misdemeanor. Blackmailing is only a misdemeanor, while receiving stolen goods is a felony. If one in the heat of a fight, intending to disable or maim his antagonist should cut him ever so slightly he is guilty of a felony, but, if he on purpose and of malice aforethought by lying in wait, shall unlawfully cut out the tongue, put out an eye, cut off the nose*** or cut off any limb of his victim, he commits only a misdemeanor.

"If the driver of a public ‘coachee’ by ‘wanton and furious driving or racing’ unintentionally breaks a chicken’s leg he may be punished by five years imprisonment, the, same punishment provided for attempedrape for mayhem, for counterfeiting, and for robbery; but if the driver of a taxicab is guilty of the same assault on a member of the feathered tribe he is not even indictable. If the driver of this ‘coachee,' while so driving, should accidentally inflict the slightest personal injury on another, he would be liable to greater punishment than if he deliberately stabbed that other with intent to maim him, thus doing him serious bodily harm.

The above represents some of the most glaring and interesting defects in the code. “But the writer has by no means exhausted them,”’ says the Journal of Prison Disipline. “There is a great need for a complete re- vision of the Pennsylvania code. It is a jumble of inconsistent theories; a great many sections are badly drawn; others are obsolete; many are inconsistent, many are in conflict.”

However, it is noted that Governor Brumbaugh has appointed a special commission for the revision of the code. Before long we may see Pennsylvania coming forward with new ideas in dealing with criminal law.