---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-8266
id: '4150'
image: umpire_1918_141.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Labor Day
- ' holiday'
- ' parade'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' band'
- ' music'
title: The E.S.P. Makes Holiday
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE E. S. P. MAKES HOLIDAY

The H. F. C. and the E. S. P. Volunteers united in making Labor Day a Great Day in the annals of the E. S. P. From 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. there was something doing all the time, and the members of the two local “Unions’’ —fraternal, and military—had the time of their Institutional lives.

Of course there was a parade, two of ‘em, to be exact; in morning and afternoon, with more than a thousand men in line, and the militant section looking fit to take any trench which Colonel ‘‘Jake” might point out to them, Their Cammander-in cheif, and Warden, Robert J. McKenty, reviewed them and tried hard not to look too pleased with their appearance and demeanor, we believe had he followoed his natural impulse he would haveordereda ‘‘Dutch-cake’’ for every man, on the spot, but he thought of peaches, and refrained. True, the ‘‘Carabinieri’’ rather startled their Colonel by scme form of ‘‘minuet’’ step they had apparently invented for the occasion, but their dereliction, if it could be called such, was quite eclipsed by the gallant appearance of the colored “troops” who swept past the reviewing stand, moving as one man, and whose perfect exhibition of military technique caused the Colonel’s chest to swell visibly, while we don’t doubt Pershing would have said, could he have seen them, “Send ‘em on. They’re Just what I need.”

The morning was given up to Athletic sports, but the afternoon witnessed the climax of the day’s events, in the giving of an open-air Minstrel Show, which left a rich harvest of smiles and good-feeling behind it. Messers. Barrington & Garnette’s All-Star- likewise All-E. S. P.-Minstrels gave a performance on the Store-house grounds which surpassed both their previous efforts in both quantity and quality, and covered both Manager, and Director with imperishable glory, as the greatest since Hammerstein.

More than a thousand ‘‘warriors’’ and hoi polloi were massed about the improvised stage, when the Troubadours hove in view, escorted by the E. S. P. Band, and arrayed in such color combinations as would have struck even a blind man with awe. Marching on the stage, they seated themselves while the Band played an opening number, and then at signal for the Opening Chorus, a madley of popular airs, which were quickly followed by an Orchestral Overture, and then a long sigh of content went up from the eagerly expectant audience when Mr. Interlocutur, otherwise Eddie, turned to Bones, sometime "D. C." and fired the opening pun—we mean gun. It wasn’t the audience’s reception of his efforts, which caused the Interlocutor to ask Van to sing “I’m Sorry I Made You Cry,” but rather a desire to please which led him to next call upon Bones, after a cross-fire of repartee, to sing “Mama’s Blues,” which must have been located entirely above the neck, as Bones’ feet were certainly as merry and prone to jig as ever. ‘‘Blues’’ seemed to be a favorite with the performers, the Pro- gram including also the “Tishomingo Bules’’ sung by Tambo, alias "Dude,” and the “Prison Blues’’ released by Bones from an apparently over-burdened system.

The Minstrels rested after the fifth number, while Tony and his music-makers obliged with a trio of musical numbers given in their very best style, which reminds us so vividly of Willow Grove, and Sousa nights; and then the program was resumed by the Interlocutor introducing himself as the man who could tell just what we would do to the Kaiser when we had caught him under the Linden tree, after the list of proposed and terrific punishments, in which the E. S. P. “Army’’ figured largely, had been run through to the audience’s huge delight, some more singing was had, and then Eddie showed his histronic ability by a rendition of the closing scene of "Justice’’ harrowing up the audience’s feelings to suchapoint as required all Van’s efforts in the “Dixie Volunteers’’, aided tho he was by an “awkward squad’’ which would have caused a drill-sergeant to have gone off, and regretfully hanged himself, to calm. Next the “Reverend-for-the-occasion’’ Brooks, sang ‘‘Revival Days,” with all the funny ‘‘business’’ appertaining thereto, which was followed by the dancing contest in which D. C’s nimble and uncontrollable feet made him a not-too-easy winner, as his competitors came near to realizing the druggist’s phrase of ‘‘something just as good,” and the performance closed with the singing of “America’’ by minstrels, audience, and all.

It was a goodly Show, and Managers and players are to be highly complimented, and we are sure that we are voicing the sentiments of all the Inmates, when we tender them our sincere thanks for the very great pleasure their work has given. The Warden and members of his family. and a party of visitors, were appreciated lookers-on at our efforts to make the Holiday a real one, and we think not a one of them but will agree with us in saying that our efforts were almost entirvely succesful, and we are equally sure that the Warden feels justified of his wisdom in permitting us the larger measures of freedom on such days; as the result of such course was plainly apparent in the happy faces of the crowd,and in fact that tho there was no visible form of restraint no better behaved as- semblage could not have been found within the limits of the U.S. on that day. The Warden was clearly proud of his boys, whose only possible work at present is that odd preparation against the day of service which we all hope is some day to come, and for which he is working so earnestly. This was the only thought that could mar an otherwise perfect day, that we were but celebrating our will to labor, and not the thing itself, but next Labor Day, perhaps?