---
author: ''
day: '4'
editor: B-8266
id: '4152'
image: umpire_1918_142.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' editorial'
- ' war effort'
title: To Work or to Fight
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

TO WORK OR TO FIGHT?

Whether we work, or fight is of course the question that is now agitating our to-willing bosoms. Whether somebody, with our entire good-will and consent, ‘‘puts a musket on our shoulder’’ and marches us off to help teach the Hun that he must henceforth do his safe-cracking at home; or whether we remain safely attached to our knitting, as at present, with only a wistfull glance permitted now and then in the general direction of a shindy which would delight the soul of an Irishman, and us. 

We have some hundreds of men all drilled and ready to assist in the task of ‘‘strafing’’ these super-yeggs, and our supposed knowledge of such tactics should be invaluable in combating the Hun method of warfare. On the old principle of setting a thief to catch a thief, wouldn’t we have the best chance of netting the Clown Prince, or some other one of the Six Yellow Streaks, with their pockets full of loot, and think of our righteous indignation should such delightful thing happen. Think of the self-satisfaction with which we could point to the fact that we never used an army to help us replevin our neighbors possessions.

Why, the proof we could thus obtain that we were so much better than we had thought ourselves, as measured with these royal burglars and petty larcenists, would probably be the saving of more than half of us; we would be ashamed to belong longer to a profession so disgraced.

And there’s work, the very thought of which was once distasteful to a number of us, and now has an appeal which is a daily torment. It is not the high reward of such endeavor, tho dollars and cents are not yet despised by us, but rather the fact that we can feel ourselves for once in our lives as being really of use in the world, in fact, we can almost acquire that indispensable feeling which is supposed to be the sole prerogative of the master workman. And possessing this feeling, which we have longed for, lo! these many days, we, whom only the “cops’’ had seemed to desire, and are now sought after by the great of the earth. why, what could minister more to the selfrespect which shall be our saving than this? To be a community need, instead of a pest to be interned on the slightest occasion who would lose such opportunity to impress upon a hitherto doubtful world that he is some man, and that only their shameful lack of perception, and his innate modesty, prevented their sometime recognition of the fact. Let us work, orfight; either will be the saving of us, for who would descend to meaner things and practices when one has had one’s day of glory as soldier, or workman. Trust us not to so dim the only halo weare likely to wear.