---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-8266
id: '4159'
image: umpire_1918_143.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
- ' Philadelphia'
- ' baseball'
- ' prohibition'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

Pennsylvania will celebrate Hero Day in memory of her sons who have died on the battle-fields of France, fighting for country and world-liberty, on September 13th, Gen. Pershing’s birthday. Friday, the 13th, and yet we wouldn’t call it an unlucky day.

The U. S. now has some 273 planes in service in France, and 3000 pilots to man the same. Gen. Pershing asks for 25,000 planes, while the Air Board program calls for 250 squadrons of 21 planes each by July 1919. This reminds us strikingly of the difference between our own purpose and performance.

$300,000,000 will be Philadelphia’s quota in the Fourth Liberty Loan. Twice as much as was asked in the last Loan. We shall certainly do our best to contribute our mite to the supplying of this sum; and the slogan of the moment should be ‘‘The E. S. P. expects every man to do his duty.

The first Draft call for September will be for 186,773 men, to go to the training camps between August 30th, and September 6th. Pennsylvania’s quota will be 6000. Well, our hat is still in the ring.

The first three games of the World’s Series will be played in Chicago, starting September the 4th. An extension of 15days on the ‘‘work or fight’’ order has been granted the players by the Draft Administration. No, we’re not thinking of going.

Americans losses to date, killed, 9,147; wounded 13,376; missing and prisoners, 2,607, total 25,130.

Just for example: an American soldier "Over There’’ stops sixteen machine-gun bullets with different portions of his anatomy, and insists upon going on fighting. The only way to stop ’em, is to yell ‘“Kamerad!”’ real quick.

The country will go ‘‘bone-dry’’ on July, 1st, 1919 as provided for in the Prohibtion Bill now on the eve of being passed by Congress. The manfacture of beer and wines will cease after the First of May, 1919. After July, 1st, next, there will be some of our number reconciled to staying here.

A pound of pork now costs $8.40 in Austria-Hungary, while eggs are 40c each. They sometimes cost more than that in here, as the Hon, Bob, will tell you.