---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-8266
id: '4165'
image: umpire_1918_144.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates B 7386, 3rd Block.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8321, 8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c each, and horse-hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack, cost $1.50; price 50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.

FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman Adoration necklace different colors, beautifully designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tables, jewel-boxes, trays, clamps etc. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Slide Trombone and instructor, also Violin and instructor; both reasonable B 8552 4 Block.

WANTED—To buy a good Bead Loom for bag and necklace work; also rocking chair. B 9251, 5th Gallery

FOR SALE— Pincushions children’s furniture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All klnds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B.

PICTURE framing of mission wood and any dimension. Also inlaid and overlaid frames. All work guaranteed. B 8016, 9th Block. Typewriting. Composition if desired, reasonable rate, B 9091, 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Complete set of silver tools and 1 pound of silver, very reasonable. B 7722 11th Block.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms, birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00 B 3070, 1st Block.