---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-8266
id: '4166'
image: umpire_1918_145.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' registration'
title: To-morrows Duty
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

TO-MORROWS DUTY

For the benefit of to-morrow’s registrant’s we print the following resume of the twenty questions contained on the registration cards, and which will be asked by the registrar.

Question No.1 - Name. Name must be given in full, first name, middle name, last name.

Question No.2 - Your permanent home address. This means where you have your permanent home now, not the place where you work, or the place where you were born, unless that is your permanent home.

Question No. 3 - Age in years. Give age in years only, not additional months and days.

Question No.4 - Date of birth. If you don’t remember the year, say ‘‘on my birthday this year I will be - - years old.

Question No.5- White?

No.6- Negro?

No. 7- Oriental?

No. 8- Citizen Indian?

No.9- Noncitizen Indian?

No.10- Native-born United States citizen?

No.11- Naturalized citizen of the U.S.?

No.12- Citizen of the U.S. by fathers naturalization? Which you are if you were under the age of 12 at the time of your parents naturalization.

Question No.13- Alien declararant? Which you are if you have taken out your ’’first papers’’.

Question No.14-Aliennondeclarant? Which you are if you are of alien birth, and have not taken out your first papers.

Question No. 15- If not a citizen of the U. S.,of what nation are you a citizen, or subject?

Question No.16- Present occupation? This means your present trade, occupation, or employment.

Question No. 17- Employer‘s name?

Question No. 18- Place of employment? (This is easy. Ed.)

Question No. 19- Name of nearest relative? If married, and wife living, give her name;
If single, or wife dead, give name of nearest blood relative; If no relatives give name of nearest friend.

Question No.20- Address of nearest relative? Give number and name of street first, then city or town, then county and state, or R.F.D. number first, then Post Office, then county and State.