---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-8266
id: '4170'
image: umpire_1918_145.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

To-morrow, September 12th, is Registration Day in this Institution, as on the outside, for all those between the ages of 18 and 21, and 31 and 45, a total, as we are credibly informed of about 800 within these walls. Personally, we’re going to register, and our attitude towards a war, which to judge by the welcome extended us might have been run by the Y. M. C. A. promises to undergo a vast change.

The ‘‘Princess’’ Theater, on the 2d Block, is approximately complete, and will be opened with all due ceremony in the near future. In only one thing will it be different from the ordinary run of theaters; there will be no ‘‘Johnies’’ hanging around thatstage door.

Doc’ Hassell is away on a vacation. We traced him as far as Harrisburg, but there all trace was lost, and it is believed that he has withdrawn into the mountains of the central portion of the State, and will there perfect a new pill, in the form of an oblate spheroid, which will look like an orange, taste like an orange, but will do the work of a ten-inch shell.

There is a delightful rumor about, that George Eels will erect, or have erected, for his feathered proteges, a dove-cote of imposing proportions, Gothic architecture and sixteen entrances. This seems to us to be too many entrances—or exits— as it would take at least eight men to be sure of getting the material for one pigeon-pie.

Deputy-Warden Souder is back on the job after a two-week vacation which leaves him looking as fresh as the proverbial daisy. There is none of that jaded and world-weary look whlch so often distinguishes—and discovers—our local returning ‘‘tourists,” and we are inclined to believe that our Deputy is more of a sedate and home-loving body than most.

Mr. Edward Kraupa was on hand Saturday afternoon prepared to rush a battalion of pictures to our aid should J. Pluvius see fit to invade our territory, but the barometer’s sudden change to ‘‘fair,” left his a non-essential industry to the day’s happiness. We honestly believe that man likes to be bothered.