---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-8266
id: '4173'
image: umpire_1918_146.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- NY Herald
- ' prison labor'
- ' war effort'
title: Prison Labor in War
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

PRISON LABOR IN WAR

The question of utilizing convict labor to further military preparation has been the subject of discussion among those men who occupy themselves with problems of sociology,

Leaving aside the question of the competition with free labor which always rears its head when the matter is mentioned there is no reason why large bodies of ablebodied men should be allowed to remain idle at a time when the shortage of labor is a serious menace to the cause for which the nation is fighting. These are fateful days, such as the country has never known before. We are just beginning to realize that if we are to win the war everybody must lena a hand. At the front young men are fighting and dying; our women are nursing the wounded and closing theeyesof thedying. Here, although too remote from the battlefields of France to visualize the horrors of war, men, women and even children are making munitions, organizing relief through the Red Cross, the Young Men’s Christian Associations, the Knights of Columbus and kindred organizations knitting socks and sweaters and selling thrift stamps. It is no longer safe to loaf.

To exempt criminals from jail in factories and on farms while every one else is at work is worse than absurd. It is direct encouragement to those slackers who would rather go to prison than fight and are quite ready to commit any crime that will secure for them a welcome period of rest behind jail bars.

. NY. HERALD.