---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-8266
id: '4177'
image: umpire_1918_147.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war effort
- ' prison'
- ' ESP news'
title: With Fife and Drum
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WITH FIFE AND DRUM

The Volunteers have chipped in and are buying themselves a handsome American Flag for their very own; beneath whose folds they hope to march in future, maybe to Berlin, maybe just around the Institution.

Tuesday’s Competitive Drill furnished some suprises for both Judges, and spectators. The crack colored troops who everybody sup- posed would carry off first honors with Com- parative ease were hardly in the running thru one man’s mistakes; and Cap Jess’s Company A. won firstprize, a box of cigars, while Wingie’s awkward squad, and the Italian ‘‘Carabinieri’’ divided second prize, a similar box, between them. We would advise Bunny to get busy and smoke out a slacker, or two, if he hopes to smoke up.

Colonel ‘‘Jake’’ who set himself back for two boxes of cigars, and said it was worth it, was delighted with the splendid work of his men, and will probably dig up real Perfectos for the next Competition. He was particu- larly pleased that there were absolutely no casualties, tho such was threatened when some envious spectator called out an order which tied A Company, which was just then going thru it’s paces, into a double bow-knot. If Cap. Jess had found thatparty he would have figured in the day’s casualty list, all right.

The Muster Roll follows: Company A. 42; Company B. 40; Company C. 95; Company D, 25: Awkward Squad No. 1 ( white ) 25; Awk- ward Squad No. 2 (colored ) 24. Official Staff 26; and a Mascot, Captain Bob McKenty 3d.

And by the way, did you know that the Hon. Bob Myers was nowa Brigadier-General? Sure, he is; and after this, if you are a member of the military and hepinches you for any major or minor dereliction, be sure and demand a court-martial, and see what happens.

Visitors who cannot pass any point in the yard without running into squads of men feverishly drilling, are puzzled to account far it, and have heard to wonder if they had’nt gotten on the wrong car and landed at Camp Meade, instead of the E. S. P. but it’s all perfectly natural, we want to fight, or if we can’t do that we want to work, and if drilling is going to put us one step nearer to that much-wished for goal, then drill we will and with a will.