---
author: B-9017
day: '11'
editor: B-8266
id: '4181'
image: umpire_1918_148.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

On Saturday last a gentleman of the olden days, who heard that things were being done differently within these walls from the way in which similar things were done in the days of his youth, sought the opportunity to pay us a visit, and on being admitted within the gate' by the courtesy of our Warden, he at once thought that he had arrived at the wrong establishment.

The President of our Club, who had gathered about him several friends, came to witmess our Saturday festivities, took the gentleman in hand and assured him that this was not a military cantonment, although ‘the Parade was just about to pass. The remarkable precision on the part of all the men on parade caused many pleasant comments, from those gathered about the President while he was reviewing the procession. The Band ‘‘did itself proud" by playing the latest patriotic and popular hits in passing.

The freedom of the yard was a great surprise to our friend, who noticed how remarkably every man behaved, each having his particular interest or pastime which absorbed his whole attention, there being very evidently no feeling of suppressing supervisiocn and on the contrary everything conducive to enjoyment. Many men were interested in the Ball Game which on several occasions became quite thrilling; our. friend was particularly pleased to see that the older men, near his own time of life were well provided for on the Croquet Grounds, and when he learned that this particular pleasure was afforded them daily he thought it was ‘‘just great.” The Band Concert and the renderings of the Orchestra led by ‘‘Dutch’’ (not German), were quiet pleasing. In many quite corners were to be seen Chess and Checker Champions. Again our friend noted the appreciation displayed by men who enjoyed the use of the Open Air Library.

Our visitor felt as did all of us, when the Bugle sounded for the return to our quarters that the pleasant afternoon had passed all too quickly.

In passing toward the gate he was told of the wonderful work done by the Inmates of the Second Block in knitting sweaters and that they were continuing in that estimable work.

He departed feeling that he had spent a most profitable afternoon having found an object lesson not to be learned from books but well worthy of study, as attaining toward the uplift of character. 

September 7, 1918. 

The regular meeting of the Board of Governors was called to order by its Chairman B 8436, on the 7th of September 1918, at 9 a. m,

The minutes of the preceeding meeting, August 27, 1918, were read and approved.

There were five members present, one absent.

The Secretary then read the report of the Representative Delegates, and upon motion the report was accepted.

Application for membership of B 9315 was received and approved

The following communications were received during the week: From B 6042, requesting a loan, so as to enable him to retain an attorney to present his case before the Board of Pardons. After discussion the President agreed to take up this matter and do what he could for this man.

From B 8820, requesting a loan of $6.00 on his release for necessary expenses. After discussion the loan was refused and the Secretary instructed to write a letter to Mr. Votaw.

From B 6788, requesting a loan of $5.00 on his release to be used for necessary expenses. After discussion the loan was refused, and the Secretary was instructed to write a letter to Mr. Votaw.

From B 7970, requesting a loan of $5.00 on his release, for necessary expenses. Upon motion the request was laid on the table.

Upon motion duly made and seconded B 9129 was removed as Delegate of the 5th Block, for neglect of duty and violation of H. F. C. rules.

On motion duly made and seconded War Saving Stamps purchased by the H. F. C. are to be converted into Liberty Bonds on the Fourth Loan.

On motion made and seconded, the Secretary was instructed to write a letter of thanks to Overseer Sullivan for having had the H. F. C. flags washed and for other courtesies extended the H. F. C.

After discussion it was agreed that the Military men be given the preference of leading the Parade on Saturday afternoons.

On motion made and seconded all men physically able will hereafter be compelled to enter the military service or be denied the, Privelege of the yard, except under charge of an Overseer.

After discussion and on motion made and seconded, all entertainments both in the Yard and in the Assembly Room will be held under the auspices of the H. F. C and the discipline maintained by the delegates of the H. F. C.

On motion duly made and seconded the President was requested to place before the Board of Inspectors the matter of the erasure of the H. F. C. monogram from the paddles of certain members.

Receipts for the week ending September 7th were as follows:

Circulating Library Sales $4.75 
Sale of paper 67.00 
Disbursments for week ending September 7th were as follows: W. S. S. $1.00 
To B 7978, (For beaded necklaces) $13.00
To B 7648, (For paint used Curtain in H.F.C. Assembly room) .77
For War Chest 10.00
Century Flower Shop(Floral Designs) 20.00 
H. H. Battles (Floral Designs) $20.00 
To A 8432 (Refund for cigars for Labor day Events) 1.50 
To B 8974 (Commission on paper) 6.70 
To F. C. Kenyon (100 feet Cotton Rope for curtain) .50 
To Henry M. Taws (Water Color Paints for Curtain) 2.03 
To B 8380 (For Daisy Chains) 2.00 
To John P. Horlacher (Taxi Service) .50
To W. S. Rodenbough (For Engraving) 6.25
To H. A. Weymann & Son (For strings for Orchestra) 8.00 

B 9017 Secretary