---
author: B-8266
day: '11'
editor: B-8266
id: '4182'
image: umpire_1918_148.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Frank Tees
- ' war'
- ' letter'
title: Our Private Communique
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OUR PRIVATE COMMUNIQUE

We present the following with the remark that the writer, who enjoys the best wishes of us all—seems to have a perfect passion for Boch equipment, and the German army— what’s left of it—will be going home in a barrel before the winter’s over, if it sticks around where he is. Editor.

Somewhere in France August, 14, 1918.

Dear Brother:—

Well, we have had a chance to see over in the Germanh lines as we have advanced considerably. We have souvenirs galore, enclosed you will find the epaulets of a Boches coat. Will send you a German fatigue cap as soon as I get a chance. The sights I have seen on this trip are worse than any I have seen so far. The prettiest sight I have ever seen was a barrage at dawn. Tell Anna we saw a German battery abandoned in haste. All the guns are named and one was named Anna, another named Elsie. We have been quite busy and have had not much time to write. Tell the Editor of the UMPIRE I asked for him. These epaulets were not bought by me but taken right out of German trenches by myself. Received more papers from you, thanks. The write up in the UMPIRE was fine. Give the boss, an epaulet with my compliments. The one with the white edging around it came off a dead German, so give this one to the boss. Tell the boss, and all the men around the place I was asking for them, I am in good health right now. Well be good, and everything is going fine herenow. They are staggering the Boches with offensives right now. The only reasons for the lapse in my correspondence is lack of opportunity, because of moving, or unsettled conditions.

Sincerely Your Brother

Frank M. TEES