---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4183'
image: umpire_1918_149.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

The Officers who acted as Registrars for the Institution on Thursday last, were entertained at a ‘‘banquet’’ on the 2d Block, which, to judge by the menu, would have meant more to us than the thanks of Congress. Mr. Clarence Kratz, made an excellent toast-master, and is said tohave been really witty in the clinches.

Just to show what good food—and grape- juice (?)—will do, Mr. Crawford, seated near “Bill’’ Bailey, asked, as he deftly abstract- ed his neighbor’s ice ‘‘If I should be ‘‘pinched” for this, would it be for larceny by Bailey?’’ Eh, what!

Two new—and additional—boilers, and a blower are being installed in the fire-room, and thus our fear that the coming winter may be what is popularly known as a ‘‘hard”’ one, is a bit mitigated; for who cares so long as there’s steam in the radiator?

Somebody—we suspicion Doug’, who claims to have lost an open-face shirt in the calamity—must have left a match in their shirt-pocket, or why else should the 2d Block laundry have taken fire on an evening of last week to the eternal detriment of the interior, and roof thereof? The loss wasn’t great, and the danger still less, but the re- markable thing was that so small a precent- age of the inmates should know of it until the morrow, altho city fire-engines were called in to help the local ‘‘fire-laddies” in the extinguishing.

Sergeant ‘‘Jimmy’’ Johnson, once of the E. S. P, now of the U. S. Army, dropt in from Camp Meade, on Saturday, and swapped experiences with his one-time workers. Jimmy, in a pessimistic moment, stated that unless the War Departnent relented pretty soon, he would probably be a general before he got to Germany.

Messrs Clair Reynolds, Thos L. Kisler, Wilbur Hitcheock, U.S. Navy, and Earl Hitchcock, U.S. Army, were Sunday visitors to the Institution, being shown the midway, etc, by the versatile Overseer of the First Block. “Dal’’ ought to start a sight seeing Bus his efficiency as a guide warrants it.