---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4184'
image: umpire_1918_149.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Daily Eagle
- ' prison'
- ' war effort'
title: A Good Plan
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A GOOD PLAN

The Brooklyn Daily Eagle, setting forth the results of a recent interview with the head of New York City’s Corrections Department, Hon. Burdette G. Lewis, and Miss Katharine B. Davis, Chairman of the Parole Commission, quite correctly sums up the situation when it quotes Dr. Davis as saying:

“Personally I should very much like to see the law and the Army Regulations modeified so that men of suitable age who can pass the physical examinations and whose character is such, in spite of their crimes, that they are not likely to bring disgrace upon the uniform, should be allowed to serve.

“Would there be any possible way of framing a law so that as applied to men now serving terms only such would be considered as could present a certificate from the Warden, resident physician, or other heads of institutions, stating that from their experience with the man his moral character was such as not to make it likely that he would disgrace the uniform? If the government would receive them they could enlist in separate companies under their own officers who know them and how to handle them*** A law could be framed permitting the various penal institutions of the country to furnish one or more companies, and these could be made into a regiment. This would avoid the difficulty of associating prisoners with other soldiers. Strict dicipline could be enforced by officers who are familiar with that kind of man. Give the regimenta fancy name (as the Russian women have done in the ‘Command of Death’) like the ‘Legion of Redemption’—prisoners are sentimental creatures. This would appeal to them and they would volunteer, I believe. The well- known French ‘Legion’ has always been largely recruited with men ‘with a past.’ I understand they are now distinguishing themselves at the front.”

Shorn of any sentimentality, but based wholly upon a love of country and devotion to their flag, the intelligent, patriotic prisoner needs no further incentive than the opportunity to see service under his flag. He needs and will gladly welcome an opportunity to serve his country and in that service seek redemption, vindication, and death if need be to atone for his mistakes of the past. He patiently and hopefully scans the horizon of bars and walls for the opportunity.