---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4186'
image: umpire_1918_149.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: Over The Wall
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OVER THE WALL

War has brought about a reduction of about 40% in the prison population of Pa. says Bromley Wharton, in a report to the State Boapd of Public Charities. In a number of Counties prisoners are being employed in cleaning court-houses, and similar work, and in others are employed in farming, and roadmaking etec. Do we “also serve, who only standand wait?’’

Prisoners awaiting trial, and those convict- ed of misdemeanors, as wellas inmates of reformatories, jails, and asylums, other than felons, will be treated by the draft boards as absentees, says Gen. Crowder. Absent in body only, not in spirit.

Number of men registered in State on Thursday last is estimated at 1,145,000 while the total for the country will approximate 14,000,000. will Berlin and Vienna papers please copy?

Pershing starts his “drive’’ with First American Army, and wins splendid victory, wiping out the St. Mihiel salient, releasing some 250 sq.miles of French territory from the Hun, taking in excess 0£20,000 prisoners, and many guns. We advance to German border, and Metz is within range of our big guns. We’re off.

President Wilson orders Bridgeport strik- ers to return to work, or be barred from all employment for the duration of the war, and refused industrial exemption. These are the dollar-an-hour patriots.

Philadelphia Shipyards need thousands of men says Schwab. Hog Island will soon be turning out two ships a week, andit is expected to increase the output to three. And did you say you needed help, Mr. Schwab?

Goverment agents report a probable saving of 413,000 barrels of gasoline thru the general observance of autoless Sunday. Doc’ claims to have saved a barrel of this.

Government’s war expenditures in August breaks all monthly records by more than $100,000,000., amounting to $1,764,000,000, or an average of nearly $60,000,000 a day. On one day, August 29th, $176,000,000 was paid out. This leaves us, with a modest expenditure of 67 cents during the same period looking like a piker.