---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4188'
image: umpire_1918_150.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
- ' opinion'
- ' war effort'
- ' prisosn'
title: What Next?
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WHAT NEXT?

Well, we’re registered now, and the question naturally arises, what do we do next?

Get ready to go and fight? He would be of sanguine temperment indeed, who would look forward to this, for to expect a general jail delivery for any such purpose is the purest folly: Uncle Sam hasn’t arrived at such straits yet, and isn’t likely to; desirable as such might be our viewpoint. The prejudice against us as a class, on the part of the morally healthy is much too strong to be overcome in a day, however great may seem to be the emergency, and we must reconcile ourselves to slipping into the service individually, as we are released, and give up the dream of enlistment as a body.

But our chances of being permitted to serve in the ranks of labor are most decidedly better, and it is to the attainment of such goal as this that we had best devote our efforts, instead of straining after the unattainable. The labor army is just as important to the country as the fighting army, and we would be rendering no lesser service with hammer, or shovel, then with rifle, or grenade. While the possibilities of regeneration for ourselves are rather the greater; for it isn’t so much the fighting habit we need to acquire, it’s the working habit, which is to so large a percentage of our number a total stranger, in some instances about as welcome as a mad-dog.

It is impossible for the student of history to forget that it was the Civil War that was largely responsible for the letting loose of a flood of tramps upon the country. Thousands of young men becoming enamored of a life of hardship and adventure during their years in the army, declined to settle down to the dull routine of civil life, and took to the road instead; and history has the well-known habit of repeating itself. The soldier life may be harmful as well as benificial; it depends entirely upon the individual, and the spirit of adventure thus roused, may o’er-master the spirit of discipline, and our last state, be literally worse than our first.

But the man going forth from here to a life of disciplined labor, well-paid for his efforts, sustained by the knowledge that he is of vast importance in his little world, a return to idleness made impossible by his being subject to an almost military discipline, and a governmental control which says that he shall work, or somebody will know the reason why, that man has every chance of making good. He couldn’t lose out if he tried, With his old and treacherous friend J. Barleycorn, practically sure of elimination in the very near future, which makes him doubly safe, and absolutely no place to run to, what the deuce is there left to do but either stay on the job, and get the work habit, beyond the possibility of a cure, or come back to Camp McKenty for an indefinite stay, and we’re afraid we couldn’t guarantee a welcome in such a case. He would be foolish, indeed, who would throw away so splendid an opportunity of rehabilitation, and the winning to an honorable position in life, and to every man who registered last Thursday, we would say, better use every endeavor to get next to a real job, for there lies vour best chance of service, and your real opportunity.