---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4192'
image: umpire_1918_150.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- war effort
- ' Liberty Loan'
title: The Fourth Liberty Loan
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN

The campaign for the Fourth Liberty Loan, to bear 4% per cent. interest, begins September 28, and closes October 19. The result of the loan will be watched with keen interest in Europe, not only by our Allies in the war against the Teutonic powers, but by our enemies. It will be regarded by them as a measure of the American people’s support of the war. The Germans know full well the tremendous weight and significance of popular support of the war by the people at home backing up the army in the field. As the loan succeeds, our enemies will sorrow; as it falls short, they will rejoice. Every dollar subscribed will belp and encourage the American soldiers, and hurt and depress the enemies of America.

The loan will be a test of the loyalty and willingness of the people of the United States to make sacrifices compared with the willing- ness of our soldiers to do their part. There must be and will be no failure by the people to measure up to the courage and devotion of our men in Europe. Many of them have givenup theirlives; shall we athome withhcld our money? Shall we spare our dollars, while they spare not their very lives?

The Fourth Liberty Loan will probably be for about $5,000,000,000 and it will be followed in Januaay or February by another campaign for a similar amount, while in May or June the Sixth Loan for another $5,000,000,000 or more will be offered.