---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4199'
image: umpire_1918_151.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prison
- ' ESP news'
- ' war'
title: With Fife and Drum
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WITH FIFE AND DRUM

The ‘“Volunteers’’ paid such tribute as was possible to the heroic soul of France, on Lafayette Day, by a short Parade, and salute to the Tricolor. The column moved frem Headquarters to the Garage Grounds, shortly after one o’clock, and there formed a hollow square facing the Colors of France, and the United States, all standing at ‘‘Attention’’ while the Band played the National Anthem.

In the absence of the Commander-in-chief, Deputy-warden -and Brigadier-General-R.L. Myers, reviewed the marchers, and voted it well done. 

And it was while passing the Reviewing Stand, that a newly entered recruit in the awkward squad whose ideas as to the identity of Lafayette were apparently abithazy, was overheard to remark to his neighbor, "Gee; is that Lafayette? He don’t look a bit like his pictures, does he?"

It was on the following Saturday morning, that Colonel ‘‘Jake’’ paraded the Volunteers for the edification of the Rev. Father O’Shea, the local Catholic Chaplain, and a brother priest, who had expressed a desire to see the ‘“troops’’ in action. The various companies were put thru their paces for the visitor’s benefit, and acquitted themselves so well as to win merited applause from the reviewing body. The Fathers said that it was a splendid innovation in the life of the E.S.P. and one calculated to do an immense amount of good.

The ceremony of Presentation of the colors was held Monday morning in the presence of the entire regiment, when the fine American Flag purchased thru the generosity of ihe body of the Volunteers was formally presented to the regiment, and accepted by the Colonel. It is a beautiful banner, 6x10 feet in size, with staff and eagle complete, ard tke Regiment is justly proud of it

The Colonel has appointed an Entertainment Committee, in the persons of Jerry, Barrington and Garnette, whose onerous duties shall consist of providing the best possible amuse mant feature for holidays, and field-days of the “troops’’. Their already signal success alongsuch lines while still in an unofficial capacity, should be sufficient guarantee of a continuing reign of jollity.

Our one great need is now a drum, thatwe may complete our fife-and-drum ccrps, ard so leave the Band untroubled with it’s pacifist ideals. We have the drummer, but the drum is lacking. Any local, or outgcide philanthropist reading this, whose heart is in the cause of preparedness, could greatly help us prepare for that eventual day of service we hope to see, by helping us to the possessicn of a drum, not a largedrum we believe snare-drum to be the proper title- but a drum, a litte drum.