---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4201'
image: umpire_1918_152.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' letter'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The are times and seasons in the lives of clubs or any other organizations in which men gather themselves together, as in the lives of men, when it is wise to consider our reason for being in existence and the ap- proach of the Autumn with it’s preparation for a change of plan from that suited to out- door attractions to that providing for in-door entertainment calls us to a sort of mental stock-taking.

The object of the Ionor and Friendship Club is already stated when the title is men- tioned, but to the men who are continually being added to our number, in order that such friendship may be created as will assist in the promotion of the spirit of honor, it is essentially the desire of the Club to extend a most hearty welcome, a man to man welcome which will direct the attention of the newly arrived to those things which will be the greatest advantage to him, in his progress amongst his fellowmen, for it is at this period when man feels the need of readjustment of his whole self that he appreciates also the need of human fellowship.

It is therefore our sincere purpose to ex- tend the hand of welcome to each new arri- val and to help him, as far as lies in our power to make his new start in life, which is the object of his being here.

The heavens have surely shown favor to the H. F. C in providing wonderful weather every Saturday afternoon throughout the summer, to which rule last Saturday was no exception. The great attraction was the Minstrel Show, about which the men gather- ed thicker than bees in a bee-hive. Amongst the many numbers on an interesting program there rang into our heart several old time songs, such as, ¢‘Till the Sands of the Desert Grow Cold,’”’ ““‘Somewhere a Voice is Calling’’ and ‘‘Dixie Volunteers.’’

Music was in the air, from the Band to the lonely Accordian in the ‘‘Italian Quarter.”’

All the games were proceeding as usual.

The regular meeting of the Board of Dele- gates was held this afternoon at 1 p. m. The Vice-President, A 8432, occupied the chair.

Roll Call showed 28 Delegates present and one absent.

The minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved.

The Report of the Board of Governors was read.

The Report of the Treasurer was read, showing a balance in the Club’s Treasurer of $92 12, and the same on motion approved.

The Report of the Representative Dele-
gates was read and approved.

Applications for membership were pre- sented and on motion accepted, B 9006, B 9182, B 9319, B 9320, 9322, B 9324, B 9326, B 9327, B 9328, B 9329, B 9332, B 9333-50c. B 9334, B 9345.

Moved and Seconded that B 8384 and B 8318, delegates of the 5th Block, be given a rising vote of welcome, as new delegates. Receipts for the week ending September 14th, 1918 were as follows:

Circulating Library Sales $5.25

From Mrs. Keene for sale of articles

1.50

Donations to H.F.C. .50 Disbursements for the week ending Septem- ber 14th, 1918 were as follows:

John McBoyle (For pulleys for assembly

hall) 1.00 To the Thos. Price Co. (For stationery) 5.83

Philadelphia, Pa., September 9, 1918 The Honor and Friendship Club, Eastesn State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pa., Gentlemen:—

I desire to express to you my appreciation of your kind gift, Permit me to assure you that it is with reluctance that I accept it. I have always felt the desire to render any service within my power to the Honor and Friendship Club, and it gives me pleasure to watch your development and growth along the lines of usefulness, which you have undertaken to accomplish.

With best wishes for your success,

I am, Sincerely Yours,

BART. J. SULLIVAN.