---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-8266
id: '4203'
image: umpire_1918_152.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (%)

TYPEWRITING —Done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block. *¥

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered. B8939, 8th Block. Cell 22

FOR SALE —Watch fobs 50c each, and horse- hair links made to go on end of fobs, 59 for 50c. B6294,1st Elock.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Music Rack, cost $1.50; price 50c B 8632, 12th 2nd Gal.

FOR SALE—Addolorata tion necklace different colors, designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Entire stock of tables, jewel- boxes, trays, clamps etc. B 8156, 11 Block.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni- ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th B. Typewriting. Composition if desired, reason- able rate, B 9091, 11th Block.

FOR SALE—Complete set of silver tools and 1 pound of silver, ery reasonable. B 7722 11th Block.

WILL DISPOSE of entire stock consisting

of beads, ladies’ beaded hand bags, looms, birds and cages. B 8023, 1st Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.756 per dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1.00 B 3079, 1st Block.

LOST—On Croquet Ground July 2nd. a pair of Spectacles. Will finder please return to B8068, 5th. Gallery.

FOR SALE—One Ladies size Guitar. reasonable. B5949, 12th.-2 Gallery.

BE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op- portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen- tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post- cards; 10c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. able. B 6523, 7th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B. All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes, Tables, ete. reasonable. 9005, Tth Gallery, FOR SALE—Victor Machine No 4 brand, new and a few new records. $10°00 B 9041 11B Birds For Sale—male and female also cages. B 9070 7th Block. ; Performers Wanted. Dancers, Singers, etc., who would like to help entertain their fellows. Please see B 9131 118

All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes, Tables, etc. reasonable. 9005, 7th Gallery.

Birds For Sale  -- male and female also cages. B 9070 7th Block.

Performers Wanted. Dancers, Singers, etc., who would like to help entertain their fellows. Please see B 9131   11 B.

Price

Prices reason-