---
author: B-7401
day: '25'
editor: B-8266
id: '4207'
image: umpire_1918_154.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- carrier pigeons
- ' prison'
title: Carrier Pigeons
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

CARRIER PIGEONS

Before the telegraph, the wireless and the airplanes were invented the carrier pigeons werevery valuable servants in war time, when they would carry messages of information back to their home quarters on small pieces of paper fastened under the wing or to its feet. The feet were then bathed in vinegar to keep them cool, lest the bird should stop on the way to bathe. When the pigeon was set free, it rose high in the air, made oneor two circular flights, and then darted off like an arrow in the proper direction.

They are known tohave covered athousand miles and their wonderfulinstinct to findback home at such a distance is yet an unexplain- able mystery to science.

But there is one kind of Carrier pigeon, generally known today as ‘‘stool pigeon”’, that has neither feathers, wings nor beak, that can earry information any distance de- sired, and its feet need not be bathed in vine- gar before starting it off; nor need risks be, taken in fas#ening written messages to it; it never fails to reach back home, and it has a most wonderful power to change its coat according to conditions, that its distinctive mark as a ‘“Carrier’ need not be detected.

But the secret of this ‘‘birds’’ instinct has long ago been unraveled, and found to lie in the training received from the mother bird.

As it generally carriesbut messages of evil and betrayals, it isa very unpopular bird, glu- tinous, selfish, and most dangerous.

One finds it in theinstitutions for the deaf, and for the blind, under the sacred roof of a convent or church, among the gick and dy- ing in hospitals; in homes for the aged, and the poor, and in countless numbersin allwalks of life, but in most cases one can avoid com- ing in closer contact with it; but when such a stool pigeon makes its nest in a penal insti- tution, and there permitted to fly and carry its messages of betrayal at will, then it is time to hunt it down and exterminate it.

The owners of such birds are known as a type of their own, and are generally disliked by their neighbors, but as they have grown into the habit to rely entirely upon inform- ation brought them by their stool-pigeors, they are more to be pitied than censured,

But it surely is an injustice to the noble family of doves to have given these feather- less “‘birds’’ of prey the name of a pigeon, when they by right should have been classi- fied with the rats and reptiles.

B. 7401