---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-8266
id: '4208'
image: umpire_1918_154.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- honor system
- ' The Inner Voice'
- ' penal press'
- ' prison reform'
title: Making Scientific Farmers
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

MAKING SCIENTIFIC FARMERS

Berkely, Cal. —The United States govern- ment is doing the biggest piece of construc- tive work in the nation at its military prison at Leavenworth, Kan., was the declaration made by August Vollmer, Police Chief of Berkley, who has just returned from a visit to the institution.

Instead of the old system of confinement for military prisoners Chief Vollmer says Colonel Sedgwick Rice, the commandant, has turned the 1,500 or more men out on 6,000 acres of land owned by the government and is teaching them scientific farming and other trades. ,

Doors on the cells of the military prison know no locks. Good behavior and excellence in work and drilling graduate the men from the prison army into the regular army as fast as they show their worth.

““The fact that there has never been a single man who has returned to Leavenworth after being sent out on this scheme of pro- bation proves the worth of the honor system as instituted by Colonel Rice,”” says Chief Vollmer. ‘‘Men are taught seventy-five or more trades, and those inclined are taught scientific farming. Everything taught is by the most modern methods.

"Some men are out in a few months after they are sent to Leavenworth; others, of course, stay for the whole of their term. The men are divided into classes, segregated according to their mental, physical and other qualifications. A complete sociolegical and psychiatric examination is conducted as soon as a man is sentenced. Every possible bit of information concerning his habits, life re- latives, education, etec. is obtained.

"After this is all obtained and he is put through the Binet-Simon test. he is classed according to groups."

"Without doubt this is the biggest step forward in criminological work in the United States, and a move towards a sane and more constructive way in handling men who come within the clutches of the law."

— The Inner Voice