---
author: ''
day: '25'
editor: B-8266
id: '4212'
image: umpire_1918_155.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- proverb
- ' joke'
- ' riddle'
- ' inside joke'
- ' gossip'
- ' children'
title: Hits or Fouls
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HITS OR FOULS

Deeds, not words count in everything but a telegram.

——

"I thought you were going to give up us- ing tobacco?"

"Why, SoI did. I'm not using tobacco. I’m only smoking a cigar that Stump gave me."

——

If you do things for other people you’ll respect yourself. If you do things for yourself, other people will respeect you. What’s the answer?

——

A scientific magazine informs us that spiders are particularly fond of the culex lectularii, better known locally as the fes- tive b. b., and lose no opportunity to snare and devour them. Any spider without a home for the winter will find a welcome and free quarters at C. 29, 5 G.

——

Retribution is something which we are very sure is going to overtake the other fellow-never ourselves.

——

It was one of our never Italian citizens, who, when Registrar-for-the-day Mr. Butler asked him had he ever been natural- ized, thought hard for a minute, and then breaking into smiles, answered rapidly.

"Sure, Boss. I know whatta you mean. Scratch-a-da arm. Doctor do eet when I come een last-a week."

——

It was another Job's comforter who tried to cheer us up the other day by reminding us of that old gag that adversity tries us, and shows up our best qualities; and we had to remind him, haughtily, that it wasn’t ad- versity that tried us; it was a country judge, and he showed up all our worst qualities.

——

Jimmy O-O was showing a disposition to pick up that 3d Block cat by the tail.

"Mustn’t do that." announced Nurse.

"W’y not?’’ says Jimmy, "will it come oft?"

——

Wish we could be as optimistic as the Irishman who, when he was informed that he had the gangrene, remarked, "Praise the Lord it’s the right color, anyway."

——

A friend remarked to us the other day that he was a great sufferer from dyspepsia, and when we asked him why he didn’t take something for it, he said it wasn’t he who had it, it was his Overseer.