---
author: Frank M. Tees
day: '25'
editor: B-8266
id: '4220'
image: umpire_1918_156.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Frank Tees
- ' letter'
- ' war'
title: Untitled
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

Somewhere in France August 26th, 1918.

Dear Brother: -

I am in fine condition at pres- ent, we just came out of an attack and as we were attached to a division of Chasseurs or attacking troops we saw some action. We advanced some. About 20 kilometers. Our division took near 1000 prisoners. So as you see we didn't have much time to write. When you dont hear from me for two or three weeks you always know we are moving about or in attack. We worked harder in this last attack than in any since we have been over here. The boys are sure on the jump, and what made it harder the roads are all broke up from shell-fire and traffic. But out side of a few broken springs we came out 0. K. We were for a time in a village that was practically leveled by shell fire. But we managed to find a couple of rooms with a portion of the second story fioor over them and made our quarters there. Now that our division has been relieved and we are back in in reserve for a week or two we can write more frequently. This town we are in has a few civilians but the majority of the inhabit- ants have gone away on account of the Germans being so close at one time. But not now. The people have left quite a few furnishings and if we want a table or chair we just go from house to house and get one, This town has not been damaged so far. We have quite a number of Boche helmets, over- coats, bayonets, machine-guns, rifles, and numerous other things but too large to send. I am on kitchen duty now. Tell the boss and the family I asked for them, also give Elsie one of the buttous I sent for being so faithful and for selling so many Liberty Loan Bonds. I think she deserves it, Thanks for the UMPIRES and tell all the men that I asked for them. This time I didn't have my clothes off for three days and the roads are continually filled with dust and are fierce. Well, as I have no more to say, I will close hoping to hear from you soon.

Sincerely Your Brother,
FRANK M. TEES