---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-8266
id: '4222'
image: umpire_1918_157.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' Jimmie O-O'
- ' children'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

The regular base ball season of the E. S. P. League wound up in a haze of coal-dust with the Printers, and the Cubs running almost neck and neck; and now these doughty war- riors are contending in a series of seven games for the championship of the coal- bunkers. Two games have been played at date of this writing, one resulting in a tie while the other was won by the Printers by a 7 to 2 score. Itisrumoredthatsnow-shoes will be worn by the fielders of both teams in the future, as two men were nearly lost in a coal bunker during Friday’s game.

-- 

We beg to introduce to our fellow denizens of the E. S. P. the following gentlemen who have consented to keep watch and ward that no impertinent mice or men disturb our nightly slumbers: Messrs, Esher, Shields, Regan, Mullin, Coward. Welcome to our city, gentlemen, and don’t forget that the watch-word is "Step softly."

--

The Institution sick-list at this writing includes Messrs. Taylor, Yarnall, Redmond, Hunsberger, Encklar, and Rutledge. We wish all these gentlemen a sure recovery and a speedy return, for like Coleridge, we like best the ‘‘old familar faces,’”’ and find it hard to reconcile ourselves to working over- time to win an Overseer’s confidence only to have him to get sick, or go off to war.

--

Little Jimmy O-O has left us, and the place don’t seem the same lacking his child- ish voice, and presence, reminiscent to so many of the little one, or ones who await their home-coming.

Men whose crimes have caused communit- ties to shudder were the best of play-fellows to him, for he played no favorites, and thought no more of kicking the Hon. Bob on the shins than he did of pulling the bair of the least of us. To us, a prison of which we would gladly be quit; to him, the E. S. P. was but a huge play-house filled to overflow with good playmates who could always be relied upon from the Warden down, fo drop whatever they might be doing, and harken to his imperious demands, and it is our hope that he who saw it, and the inhabitants thereof, only with the innocent eyes of child- hood, from which all dark and ugly things are hidden, may never come to know it in all it’s sad reality.