---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-8266
id: '4228'
image: umpire_1918_157.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
title: Over The Wall
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OVER THE WALL

Vaccination with a newly discovered serum is said to be a an almost positive preventive of pneumonia, which promises to lesson the Spanish influenza scourge, which is now ra- vaging the army encampments, by elimin- ating the pneumonia end of it which has been the cause of many deaths. Present Arms! boys.

***

Fourth Liberty Loan campaign opens with six billion dollars as the goal. Philadelphia’s quota is $600,000,000, of which $33, 000,000 was subscribed on the firstday. Alaska was the first to report it’s quota as having been subscribed. We haven’t heard yet what quota Miss Elsie has assigned us, but what- ever it is we’ll meet it. 

***

Bulgaria, her armies thoroly beaten on the Macedonian front, asks an armistice, with a view to negotiations for a separate peace. The armistice is refused, and she is inform- ed that she must entirely disassociate her- self from the Central Powers before negoti- ations can begin. Is this the "little rift within the lute?"

***

Allied troops advance steadily on all Fronts, with our boys doing their share. The Ameri- can bag for the week totals up about ten thousand prisoners, some hundred guns, and about a hundred square miles of territory. In the last offensive the Americans are re- ported to have fought like wild cats. Just such a fight as we would like to be in, and still the Government insists on keeping it private.

*** 

American losses to date: dead, 13,145; wounded 20,913; prisoners and missing, 4,994; total, 38,862.

***

President Wilson names Saturday, October, 12, the four hundred and twenty-sixth an- niversary of the discovery of America, as - Liberty Day, and hopes that everybody will celebrate it by buying a Bond. Do it, and make Germany sorry Columbus ever tcok that little trip.

***

Gen. March, Chief of Staff, says that we now have about 1,750,000 in France. 313, 000 were transported overseas during the month of August. By next summer he hcpes to have 4,800,000 in France, with a reserve of a million at home, It will be "good night" for the Kaiser then' particularly if we are included in this total.