---
author: The Corrector
day: '2'
editor: B-8266
id: '4230'
image: umpire_1918_158.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- The Corrector
- ' penal press'
- ' crime'
title: War and Crime
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

WAR AND CRIME

A most remarkable phenomenon in con- nection with the present world war is the decided decrease in crime, evident in those countries involved in the conflict. Some are inclined to the opinion that the cause of the decrease isdue to the fact that so many young and able bodied are at the front. To assume that is to cast a stigma upon the flower and youth of American manhood. The real cause is the psychological and temper- amental nature of the youth of America.

Youth is ever inclined to adventure, risk and romance, but especially so in the United States. Where is the youth or boy with real red blood in his veins who is not thrilled by the works of Alexander Dumas, Sir Walter Scott, Fenimore Cooper and other writers of works of romance, chivalry and adventure? The American youth particularly is influenced towards a reckless and adventurous career, both by hereditary and immediate pre-natal influences. Many of the young men of America and particularly those of Chicago are descendants of parents migratory in habits, having drifted here either from scme eastern part of the country or from Europe and hence their offsprings are of similar disposition. ‘ ;

Of recent years all outlets for the exuber- ant and healthy adventurer havebeen closed. The west all settled and civilized and even Alaska and the frozen region of gold seeking and romance:—‘‘The last frontier’’, as Rex Beach terms it, settled with cities and dotted with scattered villages, there remained until the outbreak of the war no vent for the pent up energies of the venturesome American. The voung American who as a boy ran away to scalp Indians and was promptly brought home from the suburbs by a policeman and who in after life found an opportunity to ad- vance civilization and at the same time in- dulge his exuberant disposition in the then undeveloped west as trapper, miner, pioneer, scout,cowboy, ete. —finds his occupation gone. Many finding no legitimate and legal mesans of excitement become contaminated and in- fluenced by vivid accounts ccntained in yellow journals of railroad robbers and autc- mobile bandits. Unaware of the misery and humiliation entailed by a life of crime, some attempted imitation of those of wkom they read.

The outbreak of the war has provided an opportunity for adventure combined with the highest and noblest incentive, viz: patriotism The adventurous spirits have found tkeir place in the ranks and hence one of the causes of the decrease in crime of violence.

The Corrector.