---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-8266
id: '4238'
image: umpire_1918_159.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- soldiers
- ' war'
title: Can You Make It
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

CAN YOU MAKE IT

This is a story for men who are goinginto the army, either by enlistment or in the next draft.

_ Will you make a model soldier from a phys- ical standpoint?

Oh, yes, you probably will get past the examining boards all right, but that isn’t the question.

If you can meet the following requirements you will be up to the standard for a model soldier:

Chin yourself 10 times.

Jump eight feet from a standing position.

Jump 4 feet 2 inches high from a standing position. '

Put a 12-pound shot 33 feet.

Climb a 20-foot rope in 15 seconds.

Dash 50 yards in seven seconds.

Run a mile in six minutes.

Lift a 60-pound weight over your head with one hand.

Sit up from a supine position with a 20- pound weight suspended from the back of your head.

This series of tests was prescribed by Capt. Roard E. Nelligan, director of athletics and representative of the War Department com- mission on training camp activities at Camp Devens.

Each man in camp is required to perform eight of the nine stunts before obtaining a positive mark for his unit. By these tests Capt. Nelligan was able to determine the athletic caliber of the men under hisdirection.

Here’s what he says about it:

’’Besides showing the excellent physical condition of the soldiers, the test demonstrated the value of a sound,athletic training in equip- ping a man for military service.

”’When some of these men came to camp they could hardly raise a 60- pound weight from the ground, let alone lifting it above the head with one hand, and they would be gasping for breath after 1unning & Lblcck.

But fresh air, clean living, nutriticus food, hard work, exercise and, last, but not least, athletics, have brought about a marvelous change, and now the majority of these men are almost perfect specimens of American manhood.’’