---
author: Pioneer
day: '2'
editor: B-8266
id: '4240'
image: umpire_1918_160.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' theater'
title: Honor and Friendship Club
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR AND FRIENDSHIP CLUB

A Postponed Meeting of the Board of Gov- ernors was called to order by its Chairman, B 8436, on September 27, 1918, at 130 p.m.

The minutes of the preceding meeting of September 21 st were read and approved.

.There were four members present and one visitor.

Thefollowing communicationswerereceived during the week:

Frem B 6366, requesting a loan of $ 5.00 on his release for necessary expenses. After discussion the Secretary was instructed to write a letter to Mrs. B.K.Bartlett, request- ing her to look into this man’s case.

From B 8832, requesting a loan of $2.00 on his release. After discussion the Secretary was instructed to write a letter to Mr. Votaw requesting a railroad ticket so as to enable this man to go to his home in Binghamton, IN=TY '

From Mr. Albert-H. Votaw, Secretary of the Pennsylvania Prison Society,

The Report of the Tresurer was read and accepted.

The Report of the Committee of one (B 8501) appointed by the Board of Governors at its meeting held September 7th was read and accepted. This appointment was for the purpose of investigating the condition of the Circulating Library.

On motion duly made and seconded B 7978 of the 11 th Block was recommended for the appointment of Sargeant-at-Armsin place of B 7898, pardoned.

On motion duly made and seconded, B 7633 of the 3 rd Block was recommended for the appointment of Delegate in place of B 5598 paroled.

All regular business having been presented the meeting was open for general discussion and the gratitude of the members of the Honor and Friendship Club was expressed through their Board of Governors, to Mr. A. H. Votaw, who was present, for the handsome way in which the Pennsylvania Prison Society, of which Mr. Votaw is Sec- retary, has supplemented the work of the Club in assisting its members in getting a start in life on leaving these gates.

On motion made and seconded, the follow- ing resolution was adopted: Whereas, Mr. Albert H. Votaw, as Secretary of the Penn- sylvania Prison Society, has on many oc- casions used his efforts to assist discharged members of the Honor and Friendship Club, and has helped them in gaining a new start in life, and Whereas, he has helped create public senti- ment in favor of the new penalogy which the great state of Pennsylvania has neglected so long, therefore be it Resolved, that we, the Members of the Board of Governors of the Honor and Friendship Club, do this dayelect Mr. Albert H. Votaw

an Honorary Member of our organization, to express in the highest degree our grati- tude for his service to us and our fellow- members. :

On motion, made and seconded, a resolu- tion was adopted, making Nathaniel S. Yaw- ger, M.D., Consulting Neurologist to the Eastern State Penitentiary, an Honorary Member.

On motion adjourned.

The following are the receipts for the week ending September 28th, 1918:

Circulating Library Sales $ 4.25

Sale of Rags and Paper 194.93

Disbursements for the week ending Sep- tember 28th, 1918.

War Saving Stamps $ 2.00 Thrift Stamps 3.00 Loan to B 9142 1.65

To B 8974, (Commissionon Paper and Rags) 19:19

The Auditorium has been renovated, new scenery having been provided, so that the whole appearance is very like a ‘‘real thea- tre’’ on the outside. A new ventilating sys- tem has been constructed, so that over-heat- ed atmosphere will not be a detriment to our theatre goers during the coming winter sea- son.

A very interesting discussion was brought up at the meeting of the Board of Governors, when Mr. Votaw, who was paying us a visit threw light upon some of the facts pertain- ing to the men whom the H. F. C. has sent to him for assistance, upon their release. Although a very busy man, he always takes time to personally interest himself in each individual case. He was greatly impressed by the way in which he could trust these men. During the past two years he has noted a remarkable change in their character as compared with former years, which has been brought about by the awakening of a sense of responsibility, resulting from the personial interest which Warden Robert J. McKenty takes in them, with an idea of pre- paring them for future usefulness, and their responsiveness to this treatment. Through the untiring efforts of the President, Reubin C. McKenty, the H.F.C. has to a large ex- tent helped the Warden in the bringing about of these changes with the approval of the Board of Inspectors. This has been noted by the officials as well as by the general pub- lic.

Mr. Votaw called our attention to many in- stances which surprised him beyond words to express, proving the worthiness of those whom he has been able to assist: to quote an example, one of our former mem- berssought Mr. Votaw’sassistance, requestiug a loan to tide him over for a week, promising to return the sum the next week at a fixed hour Mr. Votaw was in doubt when the man went so far as tofix the hour for the return of this money, Butafter a heart to heart talk the

money was given the man, and in the press of business the incident was forgotten. It was with pleasant surprise therefore that at the exact time fixed, the man appeared at Mr Votaw’soffice and kept his promise by paying the loan. The weather conditions of Saturday afternoons throughout the summer have favored us remarkably, to such an extent that we have not missed a single Saturday in the yard, But we are prepared through the kindness of Mr. Kraupa for the oncoming of inclement weather,