---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-8266
id: '4243'
image: umpire_1918_161.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
- ' Spanish Flu'
title: News and Comment
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

NEWS AND COMMENT

A special Committee of the General Staff of the Army, sitting in Washington under the chairmanship of General Kerr, is considering the problem of the prisoner, and how he may best be given achance tofight. We’re afraid it’s no use, we’ll be too old by the time of the next war, and our time will be up, anyway.

--

Germany, Austria, and Turkey, make a joint appeal to the Allied Governments for a suspension of hostilities, that a general peace may be negotiated. The suggested terms are the restoration and indemnification of Belgium, self determination for the Russias, and autonomy for Alsace-Lorraine; with the return of the German colonies. Wilson, speaking for the Allies, is expected to refuse and insist on the elimination of the Hohen- zollerns as a sine qua non of peace.

-- 

Ferdinand, Czar of Bulgaria. abdicates his throne, and leaves the country, and his son the Crown Prince Boris, succeeds.

He will probably be the first one of the monarchs of the Central Powers to appear on the vaudeville circuits.

-- 

American losses to date: dead, 13,651; wounded, 24,030; missing and priscners, 5,401; total, 44,042.

--

Perhaps the greatest explosion this country ever saw, occurred last Friday at the Gil- l23pie Shell-loading Plant at Morgan N.J., cofnpletely wiping the plant, with the near- by town of South Amboy off the map, in- curring a loss of life variously estimated between 25, and 50, with 150 injured, and a property loss of $30.000.000. Hope the Gov- ernment won’t turn this into a shell loading plant.

--

Philadelphia, and in fact the whole coun- try, is in the grip of the influenza, with a total of nearly 1500 new cases daily in the city at this writing, and nearly 1500 deaths daily. Two out of every three men in the training camps are affected, and there, too, the mortality is large. Hele’s an alien enemy that should be interned at once.