---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-8266
id: '4244'
image: umpire_1918_161.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' Spanish Flu'
- ' parade'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Theregular meeting of the board of Delegat es. was held October 1st Vice President A 8432 in the chair. The Roll Call showed 30 Dele_ gates present and 5 abscnt. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and ap- proved. The Report of the Board of Gov- ernors meeting, held September 30th and October 1st. were read and approved. The report of the Treasurer was read.showing a balance on Septemper 1st. 1918 of $92.12. ang the report was accepted. The report of the Representative Delegates was read and ac- cepted. Applications for membership were read as follows: B. 7545. B.6316= 10 cents-

B. 6385, B. 6815 10 cents. B. 7759, B. 7794, B. 7929, B. 8457, B. 8729, B. 8677, B. 9071 B. 9023, B. 9297 25 cts. B. 9295 B. 9345 B. 9343. B. 9344, B. 9350, B. 9353 10 cts.

B. 9354. B. 9355, B. 9356, B. 9357, B. 9359 15 cts. B. 9361, B. 9369, B. 8873, B. 5383.

The applications as a whole were approved A vote of thanks was extended to Sergeant at Arms B. 8673 who is about to be released on parole, for his devotion to duty. There being no further business, the meeting ad- ourned. '

The regular meeting of the Board of Gov- ernors was held on the 30th of September.

There were four members present.

The minutes of the proceeding meeting.

September. 27th. were read and approved.

The following bills were authorized to be

paid:

Wm. H. Hoskins Co. for office supplies

$3.20 To B 8974 Commission on paper and rags

$19.20 To B. 6153 Rubber & metal. 825 To B. 8786 1.25 To B. 8436, For beaded Hand Bag 6.00 To B. 6198, For Loan, 0.50 To B. 8402, For services rendered. 2.00

The following are the receipts for the week ending October 5th. 1918

Circulating Library Sales $6.25 Six Hand Bags. 4.50 Donations to H. F. C. 1.55

The influenza epidemic having put a tem- porary ban on all in-door gatherings the Saturday half-holidays of the H. F, C. and the Volunteers must necessarily be spent in the yara until futher notice. which we trust will happen soon, as it is hopeless to expect the long continued run of pleasant Saturday afternoons to continue much longer, now that the melancholy days are here. But at least,

(Continued on page 4 )

(Continued from page 1)

last Saturday was an ideal day, and every- body but the sick was out to enjoy it. But two of the higher officers of the H. F. C. were onhand to chaperone the boys, being the venerable Chairman of the Board of Govern- ors who practically had risen from a sick- bed to perform that pleasing duty, and the Treasurer, who seems immune to all earthly ills; the rest were interned by reason of var- ious ailments. But Col. Jake inall the glory of a new uniform (?), andlacking only a sword to be a facsmile of Napoleon, amply made up their absence, and led his veterans in a charge around the Institution in such wise as to winthe encomiums of the Comander-in- Chief, and Reviewing Officers.

Following the parade’s disbandment, a Minstrel performance was staged by the Entertainment Committee—Count, Jerry, and George— which proved to be the best which has yet graced the locel season. The singing was good, the jokes were reasonably new, and sparkled very effectively in the outer air’ and the audience, in no very criti- cal mood, gave generous appreciation to their

efforts. Leading off with a medley of popular—and

patriotic—songs by the entire Company, the leader Van, next announced an Overture by the Volunteer Orchestra, who acquitted them- selves very well, indeed. this followed by a

rapid interchange of persiflage between the interlocutor, and the End Men, who were D. C. as bones, Herb, featured as String-bean and resembling one in everything but plum- age; Brooks, and Ducky, completed this in- teresting quartette of fun-makers,iwho were just as funny as they lookt; D. C’ s Big Ben waist-watch making quite a hit with his dis- eriminating audience but we’re afraidthenew
fashion wont take. Van opened the ball by singing the inter-

esting ballad ‘““When 1 Fight My Way Back To Carolina’’, and did nobly, then followed some fun with the end-men, and Frenchy, B 8963, entertained us with a spirited version of ‘‘Paul Revere,’’ then Brooks, B 7935, attired in the nearest approach to a Palm Beach suit we’ve seen in two years, sang, ‘““‘After you’'re gone’’ but without pointing out anyone in particular; and Harris obliged with ‘‘That Boy of Mine,’’ then the versatile “‘String-bean’’ showed himself a master of magic by transferring an article from one receptacle toc another and back again by the mere power of words, and all in full view of hisaudience whose mystification was complete.

Van, B 9084, obliged once more with that touching little ballad, ‘‘Good-bye, Mother Machree,’’ and then came a spirited conver- sazione between D. C. and the excellent ‘‘String-bean’’ which was quite the hit of the afternoon, and demanded an encore. Frenchy then sang a tender little ditty which bore his ‘‘moniker,’’ and Joe, B 8886 render. ed ‘“‘Turn Back the Universe’’ in the most approved manner, but without any signs of

having his wish granted. Then the Colonel mounted the stage and summoned ‘‘Dude’’ for a farewell appearance, he being sched- uled to leave on the morrow. Jake spoke of his ability as an entertainer, and asked him to give the audience a last song, and in response he sang the ‘‘Jazz Band’’ song to the very great pleasure of his hearers. D. C. followed with ‘‘Daddy Mine,’”’ and then came a dancing contest between Chatham, B 8915, and D. C. in which more steps were exhibited than there are in the Washington Monument. Then came a duet in whlich ‘“‘Dude’’ re-appeared with D. C. and the twain sang ‘‘Homeward Bound.’’ very appro- priate, in view of the circumstances of the one. The show closed with a grand Chorus by the entire company, but the audience had fled before the anticipated collection could be taken up.