---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-8266
id: '4245'
image: umpire_1918_161.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' war effort'
- ' Spanish Flu'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

It is the wish of Mrs. Simonin, of the King’s Daughters, that her friends and proteges in the Institution should not con- strue her continuing absence as being due to any forgetfulness on her part of their needs or interests. It is the stress of the war work in which she isnowengaged that keeps, and must for some time continue keeping her from seeing us; and we, without cavil, wil- lingly yield precedence, and resign her to such task as this. :

The one-time Band-room, between the 11th, and 2d Blocks, has been meta-morphosed: into an Emergemcy Hospital for influenza patients, and some dozen or fourteen beds have been installed. There has been no deaths in the Institution from the malady at this writing, but several are ill with this latest malady, and the Administraticn are taking no chances of being caught unprepar- ed by a possible epidemic. We are not sure of the identity of the nurses in this new hospital, but the locality speaks for itself.

Major Horace Phillips, M. D. lately Con- sulting Alienist to the Institution, ncw of the U. S. Medical Corps, was an Institution visitor during the last week, dropping in from Camp Dix, where he reports the in- fluenza epidemic as raging furiously. The Major lookt so very classy in his uniform, and our own Doc’ wore so martial an air, that for the moment we had hopes.

We are informed by our Star Reporter of the visit of an officer of the U. S. Quarter- master&Generals Department, during the last week, who inspected ths Institution with a view to initiating it’s inmates— cur expectant selves—into Government woerk. We are a bit uncertain as to just what will be done, but we are practically certain that something along such lines is going to happen if this war continues; and inasmuch as it is authoratively announced that tbe same scale of wage will be paid to us as paid to outside labor, we hope that the day of realization will soon come. If we can’t be dollar-a-day patriots, we can perhaps be the dollar-an- hour kind, tho at some loss to our self-respect.