---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-8266
id: '4246'
image: umpire_1918_162.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
title: Your Batting Average
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

YOUR BATTING AVERAGE

On another page of this ‘‘standard sheet” will be found the batting average of the players of the local League, for the season just closed. And all this causes us to rise modestly in Sur place, and remark in latest tones ‘“What’s your batting average?”’ What has it been; what is it now; and what is it going to be? You’ll be going to the bat in the real game of life some day, perhaps in the near future, and just whatpreparation have you made for it? How many books dealing with your line of endeavor have you read? How much have you practiced? How many hours have you given to study, now when you have so much time that you really don’t know what to do with it? Have you batted .225 in the Study League, and 400 on the Cigarette Smoker’s team? Do you stand hignest as workingman or checker. player? You’ll find it will all count some day, when you’re facing that greatest of alj pitchers, Life, with Time for an inexorable umpire. It depends largely upon whatyou’re doing now whether you make a hit, or a home-run, or just ‘‘fan’’, and sneak miser- ably back to the bench, while the bleacher- ites howl ‘I told you so!’”’, or ‘‘Quitter!”’ and the old folks try to hide the shame that is theirs. It’s entirely up to yourself, you hit 1000, or hit the skids, you can vary this a little by hitting the booze, but the end remains the same; the umpire remarks ‘“‘you’re out!”” and you generally are—for good.

You have the best of chances for practice in here, if you only could be made to see it. Get busy and acquire that keen eye, and that wallop in the old arm that will let no oppor- tunity get past, and when your chance comes spit on your hands, and come to the plate smiling, and all the home-folks will be there to cheer you on, and the grand-stand, and ‘the bleachers, packed with a mob, some hostile, some indifferent, but all ready to be ‘‘shown’’, and generous enough when you

prove you’ve got the ‘‘goods’’. Life may wear a terrifying aspect, and Time may call a strike, or a few balls on you while you’re getting ready, but that can’t worry you for you know you can knock the stuffing out of that ball whenever you want to, and you take a firmer grip on the old bat, and Life lets one go, and you slam it where it will do the most good, and the next thing you know you’re sitting on third, or maybe back at home-plate, and you see the old folks weep- ing for joy, and little brother standing on his head to fittingly celebrate it, while the crowd yells it’s approval, and the ‘‘glooms”’ mutter ‘“We didn’t know he had it in him”’, Oh, the rewards of success are sweet. It’s the Ty Cobbs of life, who gather it’s roses, It’s worth all the effort and the hard work involved to have the band play ‘‘See the Conquering Hero Comes’’ every time you heave in view.

But you’ve got to play the game hard and straight, would you fatten your batting av- erage. You can’t expect to hit the ball, and hit the booze, at one and the same time and ‘‘Dutch courage’ never yet made a brave man out a congenital coward, and no game was ever won in an easy-chair or in bed. If you would see your name in the.300 column, you must_let no opportunity for im- provment escape, get out early in the morn- inn, and practice, and lubricate that good old arm with a little midnight oil, and you’ll be surprised at the improvement. It won’t be long before you find yourself up among the leaders. Just what is your batting aver- age?