---
author: B-7401
day: '9'
editor: B-8266
id: '4247'
image: umpire_1918_162.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- ambition
- ' editorial'
title: Ambition
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

AMBITION

A great many people think that ambition is something which is born within us,-which is not subject to improvement,— and that it is something which takes care of itself if one ‘‘happens’’ to have it.

Few realize that ambition is a passion that responds- very quickly to cultivation, and that unless it is constantly taken care of and educated it will die away like a plant without water.

If we have certain faculties and do not keep them sharp, defined, and well exercised they will become dull, and lose their pcwer altogether.

Our ambiton cannot be expected to. re- main fresh and vigorous through years of inactivity or indifference.

If we allow one opportunity after another to slip by, and make no attempt to grasp them our inclinations will naturally grow duller and weaker.

If a biographical X-ray were taken of the many men in here, see how great a waste of possibilities of use- fulness and achievement would be found.

The reason for this great army of failures lies in the fact, that they have neglected getting into a stimulating, encouraging en- vironment,— or because they were not strong enough to rally under depression, discourag- ing, or vicious surroundings. To weak to resist the downward-dragging tendencies about them, and drifting with the stronger current while ambition was neglected and became powerless..

So many are satisfied with living in a dor- mant state,— a hand to hand existance,- con- tented with drifting along the easiest way, - making no sacrifices,— taking no chances,— following the crowd, and not before reach- ing middle life do they wake up, as frcm a sleep, und realize their possibilities;- zrd this generally frem the reading of scme in- spiring, stimulating book ; by a good sermon, or lecture,— or the example of a friend.

No matter how independent, strong-willed and determined may be cur nature, we are always more orless influenced by our sur- roundings,— we naturally follow the examples about wus, and fall or rise according to the strongest current in which we live.

Ambition is contagious, so we should seek those who are -trying to do something, and be something in this world,— pecple ¢f high should keep close to those who are in earnest; honest with themselves, and look ahead,— and we will catch their spirit, —~and the ambition in us w111 grow, and bring success.

B.7401