---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-8266
id: '4252'
image: umpire_1918_163.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- joke
- ' poetry'
- ' inside joke'
title: Hits or Fouls
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

ITS OR FOULS

Of course you have a little Bond in your home.

--

Did you ever guess that you can get a still earlier start by knocking at the door of opportunity?

--

"Colonel" Jake says this war is not the most fearful struggle the world has ever seen, He says he once saw two Jew "stick- ups" trying to get a scotchman’s pay-envelope.

--

Brother Campbell is certainly one kind- hearted man, he overheard a fellow saying that he was leading a regular dog’s llfe, and Joe went right off, and got him a couple of dog-biscuit.

--

There’s at least one thing you should always put off until to-morrow, and that is to do the thing you shouldn’t do.

--

Scientists tell us the human race is mov- ing steadily toward a goal of perfection, but there are some right in here who think every time they look in a mirror that that goal has been reached. 

--

"Whoa!" cries Tony, "this won’t do at all. You're three bars ahead of the rest of us."

"Don’t I know it!" replies the new recruit, "I told you I could play to beat the band!"

--

We’re wearing our last year’s suit in here alright, but not even for our. Allies sake would we continue to wear it should we be freed.

--

A good many of us in here seem to be more interested in getting our "bite," than in doing our "bit."

-- 

We don’t have to listen to Jerry’s old organ;
Tho on the Fifth Block we have a trom-
bone, 
We’re safe out of range of Bill Barnes, and
his cornet,
But we can’t get away from the darn
graghophone. 
With it’s old broken records, it’s out-of-date
records.
It’s worn-out records that nobody’ll own.

--

"Wingie" — to disheartened new recruit — "You’re a fine soldier. Here I've taught you everytting I know, and you stand there and don’t know nothing!"