---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-8266
id: '4256'
image: umpire_1918_163.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- prison administration
- ' warden'
- ' opinion'
title: The Prison Warden
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE PRISON WARDEN

The task and opportunity of a real warden is one of the greatest that can be offered to a man. What, therefore, should be his quali- fications before being appointed? Do we

~ take for president of a college or principal

of a high schoola man of no previous ex- perience in education? Do we select as sup- erintendent of a hospital a man knowing nothing of disease? Do we place at the head - of a great commerial enterprise a man who has never studied business? A competent warden must be an efficient manager. He has a comprehensive system of industries to supervise, producing several thousand dollars worth of commodities each year. A competent warden mustbe a good psychologist.

The very lives of from 1,000 to 1,500 men are influenced, and often dominated, by him,

The competent warden must be a good social worker. He must understand con- siderable about the causes of poverty and crime and their remedies.

The competent warden must be a good director. He must be a good disciplinarian.

Such a man will know how to reward as well as to discipline. The competent warden must be a good financial manager. Large sums of money are entrusted to him. He must run his prison economically, but must not stint when it is necessary to be liberal.

The competent warden in most modern prisons must know considerable about agri- culture, about foresty, about dairying.

The competent warden must have consid- erable knowlege of architecture. He must be a builder, a sanitarian. He must be ingen- ious in devising modern methods of housing inmates. He must know how to use inmate labor with profit to the State and with pro- fit to the prisoners. The competent warden in a dozen different ways not yet mentioned must be efficient.