---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-8266
id: '4262'
image: umpire_1918_165.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
- ' Spanish Flu'
- ' Philadelphia'
title: Over The Wall
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OVER THE WALL

Germany declares her acceptance of Presi- dent Wilson’s peace terms as outlined in his 8th, and asks armistice, and Peace Commission. Allies are expected to insist on unconditional surrender. We really think the Huns are going the French one better in the art of camouflage.

--

President Wilson marches at the head of the American division in the Liberty Loan parade in New York, on Saturday. Soldiers of twenty-two nations take part in the de- monstration. If parades will win this war, she's won.

-- 

One-third of the PHiladelphia District's quota of $500,000,000 had been subscribed up to Saturday night. With only six days remaining this means we'll have to hustle. 

Just between ourselves, you've bought yours haven't you?

--

American losses to date: dead, 16,769; wounded, 26,952; prisoners and missing, 5,656; total 59,377.

--

U-Boats have once more appeared off the North Atlantic Coast. A freighter is fired upon, but escapes byreason of superior speed.

This, of course, is meant to frighten us into accepting that peace offer.

--

After an intensive bombardment, lasting eighteen hours, American troops, Pennsylvania regiments in the lead, smash the Kriemhild Line, in the Argonne Forest, and break thru the forward defences. Those opera lines will be rag-time when we get thru with them. 

-- 

The back-bone of the influenza epidemic in the city has apparently been broken. The number of new cases is decreasing daily, but all saloons and places of amuse- ment, ete, will remain closed until the. death rate has gone back to normal, which means about 500 weekly. - The death rate for the Prisoners from the House of Correction, and the Camden County : A majority of the mines have closed down by reason of the epidemie, there being more than 11,000 Now, don't feel bad if you didn't get it, you've still a chance. And think of the Doctor's feelings if you did!