---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-8266
id: '4268'
image: umpire_1918_165.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' Spanish Flu'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

When we contemplate the influenza situd- tion on the outside, and then turn our gaze inward, we hurriedly knock wood; for it seems to good to be true. With but one death directly traceable to the epidemic at date of writing, and but a slight increase in the sick list; while the death rate-has absol- utely declined, with but one death in a two- weeks period, we feel that large gobs of credit should go to some person, or persons for this admirable handling of the local sit- uation. Whether Divine Providence, the Board of Inspectors, the Warden, the Doctor; or our own careful (!)selves, certainiy some- body deserves Honorable Mention, and to make sure of playing no favorites we men- tion them all, and the intelligent observer can pick his hero and preserver. The inten- sive quarantine which was at once put into effect at the first warnings of danger; the embargo upon all local in-door assemblages; the general use of the fresh-air cure, allied to powerful preventive doses of serum, have been amply justified by results, and unless the unforseen happens, we’re going to come thru the epidemic almost unscathed. Knock, Knock! i

We regret to chronicle the death of Mr. Hines, of the Institution force, who died Friday morning, of the influenza. Mr Hines, was at the time of his being takenill, guard- ian of the 1st Block corner, and a kindly and efficient officer, who dealt justly with all; and his untimely taking off is regretted by both the inmate body, and his fellow’ of- ficers. We are sure we speak for all in tendering sincerest sympathy to the bereaved family.

The embargo on Sunday services still held good on Sunday last, and the men remained in their cells, but the Chaplain, Dr. Welsh, visited each Block during the morning, and unaided, delivered a short message of cour- age and good-cheer, whose leit-motif seemed to be ‘“Heold on!”’ ° We had hoped to see him take the place of the Choir on the Center in the afternoon, but the morning’s strain on his voice had been too severe, and lacking Harry Myers, no acceptable substitute could be found.

Life gives you no rainbows until you have scattered the sunshine of a few smiles over the mists of your tears.