---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-8266
id: '4269'
image: umpire_1918_166.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
- ' advice'
title: The First Timer
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE FIRST-TIMER

Do you remember when you were a "first- timer?" -We’re speaking to the "old-timer' now— And do you remember just how bad- ly you felt about it? Didn’t you hold up that good right hand, and swear "Never again!" in accents which would have made the most astute of observers, the most suspicious of wives, believe in your absolute sincerity an didn’t that feeling grow weaker day by day till it finally died of lack of nourishment, and didn’t you learn all the hundred different, and infallible ways of beating the game, and " then go out and try to beat it, and didn’tyou slip up in some totally unexpected way, and then when you’re back as a ‘‘second- timer’’, and have figured out to your own satisfac- tion just what screw it was that was loose in your calculation, and resolve that it couldn’t possibly happen again, and didn’t it happen again, and again; until at last you arrived atthe point where you werequite resolved to ‘make one more ‘‘big touch’’ and then retire on your laurels, and didn’t that ‘‘big touch”’ always elude you until once more the Man from Headquarters touched youon the shoul- der, and shortly afterward, a Judge, whohad grown slightly weary of your changing coun- tenance —which the afternoon papers usually featured as being the hang-dog one of the typical criminal-retired you from active cir- culation for a term of years, which left you a firm believer in the adage that lightning never strikes twice in the same place, be- cause you knew then that it didn’t need to. It was right after this that you took ‘“What’s the use?’’ to be your motto, and your slogan, wasn’t it? Now don’t tell us we’re wrong, after we’ve thought it all out . so carefully. Was it on your second, or third conviction that the Chief, or the ‘‘dicks 7 or the D.A., or the Judge, or scmebody with an equal chance and determination to work your ruin, ‘‘framed you up?’’ Both
times, you say. Well, we thought as much.

And of course they never let up on you for a moment thru all the succeeding years, but hounded you from pillar to post, or rather from prison to prison, with a terrible pertin- acity which no effort of yours could defeat.

And didn’t you swear to take a terrible revenge when you were free again, and tell everybody whom you could back into a cor- ner how you were going to make Edmond Dantes look like the Father of the Prodigal Son, and then you actually went out, and in trying to rob his Honor’s' hen-roost, got a doseof rock-saltshotintoyou that wouldhave indefinitely preserved a whale. You know you did, we can see it in your eye.

We have meta ‘‘first-timer’’ now and again’ who would admit in a confidential moment that he was guilty, of course, only technically so, of the crime as charged; but we have never yet had the satisfaction of hearing an ‘‘old-timer’’ make such admission. They are always the victim of adverse cir- cumstance, —which is a euphuism for bad luck— or ‘‘an enemy hath done this’’; a par- ticularly malignant and potent enemy who pursues them from one prison to another, and lies always in wait without the walls, ready to hound them back again immediately upon their release. And they are so help- less; so ready to take it ‘‘lying down’’, so unable to defend themselves against the in- fernal machinations of the police, whose one purpose in life. were we to believe them’’ is to see that the prisons of the land are kept always filled to capacity. And they come back to the old home as readily as the Early Christian martyr sought the stake. and like the E. C. M, aforesaid, could sing while doing so, tho sometime it would be a ‘‘hymn of hate’’. And they never once got wise to the fact that they were the prize ‘‘boobs’’. of Christendom, and the really charitable thing to do would be to take them out for an early morning swim, with a cannon-ball-tied to their neck,

We started to talk about the “first timer’’ but it’s too late. now —it almost always is— and we can only hope that in the E. S. P who enjoy such distinction— we’re of the goats, unfortunately— read the above care- fully, and remember that any Judge who sees you come back for a second dose— we tried ours four times— is certainly justified in as- suming that you like it, and acting accordingly.