---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-8266
id: '4282'
image: umpire_1918_167.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Spanish Flu
title: An Influenza Note
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

AN INFLUENZA NOTE

The inﬁuenza yclept Spanish, and certaln- ly an alien enemy, has appeared in our midst, with a score of eight at this writing, and we, personally are making a more or less gallant fightagainst it’s insidious approaches.

We’re the Doc’s pills, and fervently hoping they won’t live up to their taste and
appearance; we're taking the Warden’s advice, who says get plenty of sleep, plenty of fresh air, plenty of exercise, and don’t over- eat; we’re taking the Hon. Bob’s treatment,
who seems to lean to a policy of internment; ey we’re taking in fact anything and everything which may possibly be helpful in the fight, including the remedies suggested by our friends, which we are working thru at the rate of two or three a day, and hope to fin-ish before Xmas if the influenza holds out.

We came home (!) Saturday evening to find Steam a somewhat timid, and retiring —very much so- visitor to our little flat, but our welcome was so warm as to soon put him at his ease, and we have hopes of inducing him to stay all winter, particularly as he doesn’t eat much. We’re chummier now than a pair of long-lost brothers, and we feel that his companionship is helping us greatly.

Of the various remedies we have had sug- gested to us the ones we take a real pleasure in passing on are first; eat hearty, which is easy if the Hon. Bob will but look the other way; then there’s the mustard plaster treat- ment as prescribed by our old friend Doug’, which we feel sure would have been vastly helpful if we hadn’t got hungry the first night and ate the darn thing up; but the real gem is a remedy suggested to us by a das- tardly assassin masquerading as a friend, who told of the wet sheet treatment. We tried it. We rose up in the small hours and immersed a sheet in cold, cold water, aud we disrobed, and wound the seeming twelve- yards of it about our palpitating form, and only the interposition of Providence saved us from having more than a few fingersand toes frost-bitten. As soon as we are suffi- cientlyrecovered we are going tomake a modern Christian martyr of the advisor, no matter where we cross his trail. Our parting advice to all present and potential sufferers from the disease is, don’t worry, the worst is yet to come.