---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-8266
id: '4284'
image: umpire_1918_168.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The embargo on all in-door meetings due to the influenza epidemic, prevented any meeting of the Board of Delegates being held during the past week. The following appointments were made; B.8266, to be Secretary protem, in lieu of B.9017, resigned. . B.7018, to be Typist, to fill vacancy; and B.5336, to be, Sergeant-at-arms, to fill vacancy.

Expenditures for the week were: Loan to ‘B.8673, $5.00: W. S. Stamps. $1.00; to War $10.00; to Mrs-* Runge, torelieve a case ofdirestneed. $25.00; and last, but far from least, a $100.00 sub- ‘scription to the Fourth Liberty Loan.- This seems likely o be the last Loan; the Loan that will bring victory, for which we pray daily, and which we know is sure, and the H. F. C. intends to be in at the finish, If the last hundred dollars is going to win this war, we would like very much to provide it.

Receipts for the week were: fromecirculat- ing Library sales,  .25; sale of cloth for caps $.20.

The Weather Man was once more moved with pity for the poor prisoner, prevented by the epidemic threat from having any in- door shows, and after a threatening morning relented sufficiently to furnish a very pass- able afternoon for our benefit. True, there was a slight sprinkle of rain for a few min- utes, but this came when it was positively needed to damp down the rapidly mounting enthusiasm of the ‘‘fans’’ which had almost reached the boiling point, and these cooling drops had a very beneficial effect, and un- doubtedly enabled them to see the game thru without an explosion.

The ball game in which the Delegates and Minstrels united to defeat the Military, and after a terrific struggle echoes of which still linger in the Yard, succeeded in their nefar- ious —from the military view-point,— de- sign, was easily the whole show of the after- noon. If the players had been on the Other Side, they would have gone half-way to Berlin for half the effort expended; and if the Liberty Loan Committee needed noise to boost the Loan, it made a great mistake in not securing our services.

The case of the Military was hopeless from the first, when Colonel Jake - was very suc- cessfully ‘‘thimble-rigged’’ in the toss for position. The Colonel lockt sadly at the coin as it lay in his opponent’shand, and murmur- ed ““It’s heads, you win’’, and it wasn’t till fifteen minutes afterwards that he discover- ed that the penny had heads on both sides, and was kept for just such purpose. As the Colonel remarked after his disillusionment, ‘How could you hope to beat a gang like that?’’ and it really turned out to be impossible, tho fromno faultof the umpire, who verilyshowed himself the ‘‘bravest of the brave’’ by his decisions. But no one can say but that the Army fought well, and literally died in the last ditch, as it wasn’t until the last inning that the fortunes of the day were finally de- cided. This inning sent a majority of the spectators into hysterics, and was productive of the only casualty of the day, which, as mostly happens, was an innocent(!) bystand- er, who happening to pass second base in the heat of the conflict madethe most spectacular and-from the Doctor’s view-point- successful play of the afternoon stopping a ball without using either feet or hands, tho hav. ing his right optic changed from Alice blue to fast black in the operation. As he was assisted from the stricken field, he washeard to murmur, ‘‘They shall not pass’’ he appar- ently thinking it another example of German frightfulness, but we’re inclined to think it an accident. The real frightfulness lay in the score, which was 13 to 15 in favor of the Delegate-Minstrel team. The Colonel re- fused to accept this verdict as final, and is determined to stage a’'come-back next Sat- urday, and we look forward to seeing some intensive drilling this week