---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-8266
id: '4285'
image: umpire_1918_168.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- charity
- ' war effort'
- ' ESP news'
- ' warden'
- ' ambulance'
- ' letter'
title: Untitled
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

October 5th. 1918 

Warden Robert J. McKenty
The Eastern State Penitentiary, 
Philadelphia Pa.

My dear Warden McKenty:

In accordance with my conversation with you, I took the question of Ambulances up with the Red Cross Headquarters and they confirmed my statement to the effect that there are two kinds of Ambulance, which takes care of two people, price $620. 47 each. The other, a much larger Ambu- lance, costing $2,400 cash.

In the course of the discussion in regard to the Ambulance question, the suggestion was made by Headquarters that it would be a fine thing for the Eastern Penitentiary to give a Ford Ambulance, and also a Kitchen Trailer, which is very much needed, in fact much more than the Ambulance. A Kitchen Trailer costs $785.00.- If you should decide to give a Ford Ambulance, and a Kitchen Trailer, if you will notify us what kind of a plate shall be put on each, we can arrange to have it done, and you can send the money to cover thém.

A Ford Ambulance at $620.47, and a Kitchen Trailer, at $785.00 make a total of $1405.47, and would come well within the amount. of money that has been raised. Will you kindly let Mr. Stotesbury, or myself know your wish in the matter?

With keen appreciation and congratu- .

lation on the work of the men at the Peni- tentiary, I am, .

Very sincerely yours,

J. B. Townsend

Executive Director.