---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-8266
id: '4287'
image: umpire_1918_168.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of ““Ad”’ column. :

FOR . SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, Tth Block. (¥*)

ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var- ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand- ruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray treatmeénts for facial defects of any descrlp- 5 tion, B 6533, 7th. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors toﬂshax_‘pen at 10c a pair. Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS—repaired and covered Bg8939, 8th Block. Cell 22 .

LOOK—First-class pin-cushion shoes for

sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block. FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman Recep- tion necklace different colors,

beautifully designed. B 8936 1st B. :

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni- ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All klnds of novelties for sale. B 82083, 6’ch B4

Typewriting. Composition if desired, reason- able rate, B 9091, 11th Block.

EE AN expert stenographer. Excellent op- portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen- tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post- cards; 10¢c and 15¢ each. Also oil-painted sacred hearts; 5c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes.. Prices reason- able.. B 6523, 7th Block.

BOATS—Sail-boats made to order. Alsc models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes, Tables, ete. reasonable. 9005, 7th Ga]lery Birds For Sale—male and female alco cages B 9070 7th Block. _ TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per dozen. Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1. OO B 3079, 1st Block.

CLOCKS, WATCHES——Repaired, bought, and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery.

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Belts, Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools; Flag Pins, Shields Humidors, trays, Typewriter and Desk. B 8023, 1st Block. :

TYPEWRITING—Personal

and business

letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, also corrected at reaqonable rates. B-8993, 10th Block.

EXPERT BEAD WORKERS WANTED— ‘ Also Hardware, Locks, Hinges, ete. forsale B 9152, 11th. Block.