---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-8266
id: '4288'
image: umpire_1918_169.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' war effort'
- ' news'
- ' Spanish Flu'
title: Over The Wall
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OVER THE WALL

President Wilson rejects Austrian peace offer. Says offer of autonomy comes too late, and demanads freedome for all subject races. 

This sounds the death knell of the dual monarchy. And so few mourners will go about the streets!

--

German armies are withdrawing from France, and Belgium. Brussels being evacuated Americans advance steadily on the Meuse. Battle fleet of 140 planes raid German lines, and communications, bring down 12 Hun planes, and return without losses.

At this rate the war will be over before we get our chance.

--

The fourth Liberty Loan is oversubscribed.

A billion and a half being subscribed on the last day. Over 20,000,000 people are supposed to have bought Bonds. PHiladelphia subscribes it's quota, and an Honor Flag is raised at Broad St, and S. Penn Square at 9.30 Saturday night. We certainly did our best to make the thing a success.

--

One of our new bombing planes carrying seven men, and five guns, flies from New York ot Dayton, at an average speed of nearly two miles a minute. Fast time, but we belive we could improve on it, if we were givent he chance to fly from here to Dayton.

--

American losses to date, dead 18,530; wounded, 30,110; prisoners and missing, 6,004; total, 54,644. A heavy score, but if consolation is needed, look at the results.

--

The influenza epidemic still prevailes in the city, and practically the whole country.

Altho the number of new cases is decreasing, the deaths in the city for the past week numbered 5,720 of which 4,596 were directly due to the epidemic. And so to those who might contemplate leaving we say that it won't be safe for a little while.

--

American soldiers taken prisoners by the Germans are being forced to work in the gun department of the Krupp Works at Essen.

Well if those boys run true to form we'd hate to own the machinery in the Gun department of the Krupp Works at Essen.