---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-8266
id: '4292'
image: umpire_1918_169.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' Spanish Flu'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

Depleted as were the finances of the inmates by the late Ambulance Drive, and considering the almost entire lack of opportunity for the replensihing the exhausted purse, yet a most remarkable response was had to the appeal for subscription to the Fourth Liberty Loan. Stockings which no one had supposed contained a "sou markee" were emptied, with the result that Miss Elsie McKenty reports subscriptions of $1100, and the Chaplain $400, which shows conclusively the pocket-book is concerned. but there were also a number of bonds purchased especially where thru other agencies of which we have no report, and the combined sum is sufficient to cause us to "report with pride" and demand an Honor Flag as the very least a grateful Government can do.

--

The October meeting of the Board of Pardons has been once more postponed, this time indefinitely; and those of our number who had feared being forced out into a world where the epidemic lies in wait for the unwary victim can rest secure for a yet longer period.

--

Chaplain Welch, whose motto during an epidemic is "Business as usual" was on duty sUnday, as substitute for the interdicted Sunday visitors, and acquitted himself well. He toure the Institution, with a Quintette of Colored Warblers, who reinforced his message with song, and spoke briefly to the denizens of each Block, and Gallery. Scotty's basso profundo caused us some little inconvenience, we rising hurridly from our couch to close the window under the impression that a belated thunder-storm was approaching.

--

Mr. Gillespie reports the repairs of the 2d Block as being completed, and all trace of the recent conflagration eliminated. THe Laundry is once more functioning, and Doug's shirts are being returned with regularity and despatch. The Princess Theatre only awaits the passing of the epidemic to feature a grand OPening, with favors for all.,

--

Mr. Bradley, late of the Night Hawks, has been transferred to the Day Force, and we believe will for a time act as guardian of the First Block corner. Mr. Bradley's motto in this capacity will be that of the French at Verdun, "They shall not pass."