---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-8266
id: '4294'
image: umpire_1918_170.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- crime
- ' editorial'
title: The Old and The New
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE OLD AND THE NEW

The criminal has injured society. It is therefore entirely right and proper, in the eyes of those who are believers in the old methods, that he should in turn suffer an injury to be inflicted on him by society. ~ This injury inflicted on the criminal by “society to repay him in some measure- generally about twice over-for the injury inflicted on society by him, is delicately called punishment, never by any means, revenge.

This injury, or punishment, is presumed to be proportionate to theinjury he has done: ‘‘an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.’’ This is pleasingly termed ‘‘fitting the punishment to the ecrime’’ and there are about as many fits as there are judges, and fearful and wonderful tailors some of them ‘are. For the theft of a loaf of bread induec- ed by ungovernable hunger, one is often fit- ted with a full suit of infamy, while the wrecker of a thousand lives thru financial methods highly approved of in Hades, is pre- sented with a coat of whitewash which will pass in any company.

The community should spend it’s days, and even sit up o’ nights to hate the crimi- nal because of his crime, and in all casesthe ratio of forgiveness should be directly pro- portionate to the wealth and influence of the offénder. This extraordinary gratification of a healthy (!) sentiment is called ‘‘satisfying the sense of retributive justice ’’.

This hatred and fear of the criminalshould be encouraged at all costs, and any loose stones in the highway, and all decayed veg- etables, are very acceptable media of ex pression of this sentiment, to be used when- ever possible by the rising generation, which use should inculate in their gentle bosoms a healthy respect for the law, and a hatred of _ the law-breaker which will remain their pleasing heritage thru life.

Such injury inflicted on the criminal by the hatred of society will, or should, awaken in his breast a fear of society so great that he will not venture to repeat his crime, and this fear willat once extend to his fellow members of the eriminal class, so that they will, seeing, tremble, and at once shedding their coat of many colors, don the drab garments of respectability, and in the twinkling of an eye become staid and respectable mem- bers of society. Thisis;euphuistically known s ‘‘the protection of society by the deter- rent power of fear, ‘‘fear, being of course, the greatest of earthly forces, and love but a synonym used by poets to describe a dis- ease youth and spring, and whose out pour- ings would have aboutas much deterrent effect upon the criminal as a gentle spraying with lavender water. This is the philosophy of the stone age, when might was right, and every mans hand was against his neighbor. It is absolutely and irremediably wrong, and cannot be de- fended, modified, amended, or amelioated, but should be destroyed root and branch, and in it’s place should reign the new gospel of reformative justice, and preventive wis- dom, leavened with a love of humankind which will not see the meanest of men suffer without effort to regenerate and save. Of this we hope to speak next week.