---
author: B-7291
day: '23'
editor: B-8266
id: '4295'
image: umpire_1918_170.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' mechanics'
- ' editorial'
title: Deserving Prisoners
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

Editor ‘‘The UMPIRE’’-

I have noticed all summer much space in your columns devoted to baseball, and the Honor and Friendship Club’s outings, also of the E. S. P- Volunteers; all quite right and no doubt interesting. And now I would like to inquire ifiit would not be fair to say a good word just once in awhile about a little army in here that is quite overlooked never praised, unmentioned. There is no Colonels or Brigadiers among them, none of . them belong to the silk collar crowd, and I mean the little army of workers under Mr. John our respected master mechanic. These are the worth-while prisoners in this institution, the men who are really behind the Warden. Carpenters, Painters, Plaster- er’s, Brick-layers and Stone-masons, Tin- smiths, Machinist’s, Box-makers, Black- smiths, not forgetting Mr. Joe Roddy’s force of Plumbers and Bradley the sky-light man. Everyday during the week and week in the year, these prisoners can be found at their various occupations, but no one seems ever to notice it or say a good word. There are no drones in this little army. Just take a stroll around to the rear of the boiler-house and see what is going on just at present, and this is only one of the many jobs Mr. Gillespie’s men have done. These men have demonstrated the fact that they are mechan- ics possessing both brains and ‘skill in their respective lines. It never costs anything to say a kind word sometimes, or to give a little deserved praisé, and we all know it encourages a fellow to receive a kind word and to feel that your efforts are appreciated. So give these workers the credit and praise due them, for above all /they are the men who really count in this institution, they are the Deserving Prisoners. B 7291.