---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-8266
id: '4305'
image: umpire_1918_172.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' baseball'
- ' charity'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The embargo still holding, no meeting of the Board of Delegates was held during the past week. The following -appointments were made; B. 8880, to be Delegate for the Tth. Gallery, to fill vacancy; and B. 8532, to be Delegate for 5th Gallery, to fill vacancy.

Receipts of the week were $5.50 from Circulating Library. Expenditures of the week were:Loan to B. 7068, to relieve family needs, $10.00; first instalment on purchase of $150.00 worth of Liberty Bonds, $15.00; John Wanamaker, thread, and machine oil, $.91; war Saving Stamps, $1.00.

This $150.00 subscription to the Fourth Liberty Loan is additional to the $ 100.00 worth of Bonds purchased outright the preceding week. It was on Friday, when it seemed possible that there might be a failure of the Fourth Loan, that a special meeting of the Board of Governoers was held, and the purchase of a couple more fifty dollar Bonds, on the instalment plan, decided upon. Sat urday morning when the success of the Loan
still hung in the balance, another meeting was held, and it was decided to metaphorically mortgage the house and lot, and buy another Bond, also on the instalment plan. The outside public might be slackers, but we were not going to have that added to our list of titles, and practically every dollar in the Club Treasury was handed over, and a portion of our future revenues of no mean size, will not be lost for want of a dollar while our credit,is good. We swell with a truly pardonable pride when we consider what we are doing with our slender resources. We have been investing a dollar a week in War Stampes for many months, the interest on the Bonds we now hold is invested in such Stamps; a monthly contribution of ten dollars to the War Chest is being paid, and has been pledged for the duration of the war; and individually or collectively, we're ready to work, or fight.

Saturday’s outing was featured by a disastrous defeat of the Army, the Officers of the same playing the Officers of the H. F. C. re-inforced by some alien talent and, the resultant score being 6 tol in favor of the H, F. C. and the alien talent. Whether this was due to the absence of hte Colonel, who was confined to his quarters suffering from a collision between serum and cigarettes, he having tried an injection of the one, while learning to smoke the other, and the results surprising everybody but the Doctor, we are not sure, but certain it is that the army was ambushed and not until the next to the last inning when it's leaders learned sufficient of the wisdom of the serpent to make D. C. an officer-for-a-day, and install him in the pitchers box, did the slaughter cease, but it was then to late to retrieve the fortunes of the day. His Excellency, the President of the H. F. C. distinguished himself by cover- ing first, second and third base at one and the same time, while the latter only was supposed to be his bailiwick, while thru some wizardry of the score-keeper, he is credited with more hits than times at bat. Pete also. made two hits out of three times up, but the Committee in charge had unfortunately neglected to pro. vide a bicycle, and he died en route to first. It was a great game and the Army demands a repetition.