---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-8266
id: '4307'
image: umpire_1918_172.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

‘Notice for advertisements must come through your

Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMFIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of ““Ad” column. 3

FOR SALE Clothes—brushes hair- brushes

and shoe-brushes, with inlaid- backs 35c( to.

$1.50. B 138l, Tth Block.

ELECTRIC TREATMENT—For all the var- ious forms of Alopecia(falling hair) Dand- ruff etc. High-Frequency and Violet Ray

treatments for facial defects of any descrxp- "

tlon B 6533, 7th. Gal.

WANTED—Shears and scissors to sharpen Satis. guaranteed. B9019, 10 B.

UMBRELLAS— repaired and covered. B8939,

at 10c a pair.

8th Block. Cell 22

LOOK—TFirst-class pin-cushion shoes for

sale. Price, 75¢. B 7021, 6th Block. FOR SALE—Addolorata Roman Recep- tion necklace different colors, beautifully

designed. B 8936 1st B.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni- ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. Al kinds of novelties for sale. B 8208, 6th B.

Typewriting. Composition if desired, reason- 3

able rate, B 9091, 11th Block. BE AN expert stenographer.

tury style. B 8501, 6th Block.

BIRTHDAY and scenery oil-painted post- e Also oil-painted

cards; 10c and 15c¢ each. sacred hearts; 5¢c each. B 7648, 9th Block.

FOR SALE_—Inlald boxes. Prices reason- able. B 6523, 7th Block. : : BOATS—RBail-boats made to order. Also

models and half models of ships. B 3847,7B.

All kinds of polishing done, Inlaid Boxes, 9005, Tth Ga]lery' i

Tables, ete. reasonable.

Birds For Sale—male and female alcc csges‘

B 9070 7th Block.

TRAY HANDLES—25c a set or $2.75 per Also tray frames, hand inlaid, $1. 00_~

~dozen. B 3079, 1st Block.

CLOCKS, WATCHES—Repalred bought -

and sold, by B 8907, 5th, Gallery.

CLOSING OUT—Beaded Bags, Fobs, Be]ts. Patterns, Jewelers Jig Drill, Tools; Pins, Shleldq Humidors, and Desk.

B 8023, 1st Block.

TYPEWRITING—Personal and letters, stories, dramas, photoplays, ol“‘ corrected at reasonable rates. Block.

EXPERT BEAD WORKERS WANTED- Also Hardware, Locks, Hinges, etec. forsa]e B 9152, 11th. Block. .

FOR SALE One stocking machlne a

ribber 140 needle machines brand new wil sell cheap B 7965 7 Block ' FOR SALE—Banjo and Case, Instruc 01a ‘extra set of strings $6.00 B 6919 12 B 2

Al

Excellent op- : portunity to learn Isaac Pitman’s 20th Cen-

Flag trays, Typewrlter:

B,8993, 10th _