---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-8266
id: '4309'
image: umpire_1918_173.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Spanish Flu
- ' ESP news'
- ' war'
title: Home Runs
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HOME RUNS

Any danger of a serious local outbreak of influenza is now believed to be past; the few cases that yet adorn the Hospital, we are inclined to think are lingering there in the hope of more ice-cream, oranges, etc; while the Doctor’s gait has slackened from an un- even gallop to a leisurely trot. While the death rate in the city without, mounted until it broke all previous records, we re- mained in comparative safety, with a total of but three deaths to the month, about the normal rate, while the sick list was but slightly swollen. After this showing we’ll take any pill Doc’ Hassell chooses to inflict upon us. We hope to see the embargo upon visitors, assemblages, etc, lifted in the course-of the week; and we are sure we are voicing the general sentiment of the inmate body in extending the heartiest thanks to the Board of Inspectors; the Warden; the Doctor, and others, for the precautions taken, and their wondrously successful efforts in safe-guarding our health. We all hope we are ready to die, and yet somehow we shrink from it.

--

The Staff of the Parole Office, have shown a truly wonderful perspicacity in their deal- ing with the epidemic. Mr. Johnny McKenty saw it first, and is now safely convalesent; Mr. Cort’ Butler adventured next, and, it is said, makes a very interesting invalid; and Mr. Joe Ursenbach is in receptive mood, and said to be only waiting the others return, to tackle it.

--

Also the Captains of the Night Watch: were wise enough to try the instalment plan of having it. Cap. Parker succumbed to it’s blandishments, and then came back to duty, withonly a slight loss of avoirdupois, and an interesting paleness of countenance to show for it; and then Cap. Dutton set out to get rid of some of that vacation tan via the same interesting method.

--

Mr Frank Herkness, lately of the 12-1st Gallery, is Mr. Willoughby’s successor on theé 1st Block, and one would be well advised to have one’s draft cardalong when visiting in the vicinity. And by the way, "all the darkies am a-singing, My Old Kentucky Home, GOOD NIGHT;

--

American losses to date;.killed, 19.985; wounded; 34.521; missing and prisoners 6.272; total, 60.778.