---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-8266
id: '4311'
image: umpire_1918_173.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' Spanish Flu'
- ' war'
title: Over the Wall
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OVER THE WALL

By a new ruling of the War Department enlisted men can obtain commissions without the need of going thru an officer’s training camp. Special army boards will pass upon their qualifications. You need to step lively these days would you escape Old Man Opportunity.

--

The Influenza lid is lifted in the city.

Saloons, theaters, and moving-picture houses will re-open Wednesday. The epide- mic is practically at an end locally, with a total of deaths to date, of 11.245. In New York there has been more than 12.000deaths to date; while in the training camps the total is im excess of 14.000, more than have been killed in the war. increase in the coal regions, and in the wes- tern part of the State. Pacific Coast, and in San Francisco all are ordered to wear masks a la E.S.P., old style.

Here’s hoping our ban will be banished soon.

--

We didn’t take those three shots of serum, tho strongly advised to do so; and now we rather regret it. marked improvement in the morals of the Institution, as we ecan only acount for on the supposition that the serum was good for moral as well as purely physical ailments. Can it be that a universal panacea has been discovered that will cure all mental, moral, physical and financial ills? Just to show what effect it has, His Excellency the President of the H. F. C. hasn’t lost a game of dominoes since taking, and neither by the same token, has Doug’ won one!

--

We are doing no lessthan justice in calling the attention of our fellows to the self-sacrificing labors of our number: namely, B.7386, of the Doctors Staff, who has literally proven himself the Friend of his kind during the influenza scare; and has worked almost day and night in the furtherance of curative and preventive measures. Being due to be set at liberty in a few days, he has,we are in- formed, voluntarily offered, as one thoroly conversant with the work, to remain and help until all danger shall be past. such unselfish devotion we bow humbly, and the voice of persiflage is stilled.