---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-8266
id: '4313'
image: umpire_1918_174.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
title: The New Way
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE NEW WAY

In last weeks issue of our standard sheet we had our fling at the old methods of pen-
ology, and had a very pleasant time in voice- ing our sincere opinion of the same: we now
blithely turn to consider the newer methods. 

The cardinal principle of the same is the dictum that society should punish the criminal, not to hurt him in retaliation for the hurt that he has given, but to reform him. 

In other words thebrick that he has thrown isnotreturned him as of yore without the precaution of wrapping it in a handkerchief, rather is it kept sorrowfully in his view as justification for all the unpleasant proceed- ‘ings, while he is being reasoned with, which process of reasoning may extend over many years should the subject prove more than ordinarily difficult to convince that it ismuch easier to go with the crowd than to push thru it, and that as long as the great major- ity of men are resolved that honesty and decency shall be the rule of life, it is purely waisted effort to attempt to live otherwise.

The second principle isthat the punishment should be fitted, not to the crime, but tothe criminal. Whichis perfectly just, since prob- ably no two crimes were ever committed under the same circumstances. Some are the result of passion; some of direst need; . some out of a youth’s revolt against the tameness of life; some from pure thought- lessness; some because of a weak-kneed ~ yielding to the urging of others; few indeed, are the crimes of calculation, and for such we hold no brief, but for all others there is
a cure to be found were it but sought dili- ‘ gently. Remove the moving cause, and you . must necessarily removethecriminal. Study the man in relation to his deeds, and not his deeds in relation to the man. The third principle of the new method is : that the community should not hate the . criminal (do we hate our sick in body?) but
should we wish him-well, and its treatment of the criminal should be an expression of the spirit of curative mercy, and not that of vindictive justice. Aund we feel like saying ““Ha! Ha! Ha! right out loud at this point, ‘because this is where the new system falls down the hardest, in spite of all that its ex- ponentscan door say. Society, which means the average man, and woman, does have an instinctive hatred and fear of the criminal which it will take generations of teaching to eradicate. How often have we seen a night- capped head disappear under the covers when we walked into the bed-room at 1 a.m. 

We never have been welcomed, and we fear we never will. All short story writers to the contrary. 

And lastly, society should depend for its protection, not on the deterrent power of fear, but on the inspiring power of hope and love. And here is the solution. When the brotherhood of man is real, and not a catch-word of the ports, when a cop willloan you a dollar when you're broke, when a startled house-holder will rise froma warm bed in the middle of the night to get an in- truder a cold snack, and then dismiss him with his blessing and a ‘‘saw-buck’’, and the promise of a job if he will come around in the morning, instead of rising with fire in his eye, and chasing him into the arms of a cop, or the next county; when His Honor will patiently listen to, and believe your laboriously framed excuse, instead of inter- rupting you before you’re half thru, with the diplomatically phrased remark thatyou’re a liar, and handing you ten years with about the same unction that Salome handed over J. Baptist’s head on a platter, why, it will then be only a question of time until crime becomes as extinct as thedodo. Butwe have no hopes of living to see it.