---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-8266
id: '4314'
image: umpire_1918_174.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- war effort
- ' prison labor'
title: A Gentle Reminder
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

A GENTLE REMINDER.

Onthe outside the cry isfor men, moremen. on the inside the cry is for work, more work; in some cases we will admit, a very feeble crying, and only to be heard in the silent midnight hours, but nevertheless a ery, and one that should be heeded. Nothing can ex- plain away the fact that we need work, for many reasons, beside the patrioticimpulse to be of service in anational crisis, and the fact isequally plain that our services are urgently needed, and what remains but to get to- gether? The easiest thing in the world, were a little common sense but used. There are two walls that must be surmounted; a wall of stone, and a wall of prejudice, and of the two, the latter is far the more for- midable: but as Horace Greeley said of the pother about the resumption of specie pay- ments, ‘‘The way to resume, is to resume’’ so the way to utilize prison lsbor, is to utilize it in the best- way possible at the moment, and improve matters as you go along.

Load those of our number who wouldn’t be injured by exposure to the air, into a truck,
and shoot them down to Hog Island, or up to the Frankford Arsenal ~we believe it has a wall around it, so it might be more accept- able to the Mrs. Grundy’s— and let us really do our ‘‘bit’’ and then shoot us back again at night, all pleasantly a-flutter with the knowledge ‘‘that somethingattempted. some-

thing done, has earned a night’s repose’’, - ‘and with our pockets all a-bulge with hard-

earned dollars, and doughnuts, and milk- bottles, and Uneeda biscuit, and other SPOLIS OPIMA; or fire about a million yards of cloth in here; give us all a needle, and some thread, and arnica for the inevitable punc- tures, and not a man of us but would guaran- tee to turn out a uniform a week, and who can doubt but Americans would be found brave enough to wear them.

We’ve given all the “dough’”’ we’ve had in hand, or in prospect, and we’d like the opportumty of making more, that we can enjoy again that pleasant feeling of being a cross between a patriot and a millionaire philanthropist that is ours when we have tossed our last dollar into the war- -pot.