---
author: Crum, M.L. (Major M.C.)
day: '30'
editor: B-8266
id: '4324'
image: umpire_1918_175.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Go-Bang
- ' war effort'
- ' letter'
title: Office of the Surgeon Camp Meigs, Washington D.C.
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OFFICE OF THE SURGEON,
CAMP MEIGS, WASHINGTON D. C.

October 21st, 1918.

Inmate B 9152

The Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia Pa.

My dear Sire: --

I am in receipt of your letter of October 18th, conveying the advice of the gift of a number of games of "Go-Bang" for the HOstpital at this Station. This opportunity is taken of thanking you and assuring you of their acceptance with due appreciation.

The spirit depicted in your letter is most commendable. It is inconceivable by a red-blooded American, regardless of his social position, that anyone can be content to allow this war to pass with all its activities and immense incentives to patriotic endeavor while he remains negative. No doubt this sentiment burns in the hearts of many similarly situated as yourselves. Society is complex. Penal Institutions have, or should have, ceased to be as a means of punishement -- rather, they should be the factory of rehabiltiating men from wrecks. If there is to be no forgiveness, no restitution, repentance must be love's labor lost. The spirit exhibited by you and your fellows is an exhibition of real patriotism, for you are doing your bit by the only means at your command, and will no doubt, be recognized as such. 

Again thinking you, I am, 

Yours very truly,

M. L. Crum 

Major, M. C.