---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-8266
id: '4326'
image: umpire_1918_176.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Ban upon all local assemblages, still holding, it was impossible for any meeting of the Board of Delegates to be held during the past week,and conduect of the affairs of the Club have been necesarily left entirely in It was thought best to fill the office of Secre- tary, filled pro tem. by B. 8266, and a Com- mittee was thereby appointed at the Oct. 21 meeting of theBoard of Governors to make the votes of the Delegates, and on this being done it was found that B. 8265 had been elected to the vacant office.

Appointments for the week were: B. 9323 to be Delegate, 12-1st Gallery, vice B. 5936 removed. The following were admitted, or restored to membership in the Club: B. 9368- 25cts. 9381-25cts. 8371-25¢ts. 9382-25¢ts. 9362- 10cts. 7633; 9365; 9366; 9380; 9378; 9088; 7929; re-instated, B. 8705; 9038.

Expenditures of the week: Thrift Stamps, $1.00; Loan to B. 8642, $5.00; Loan to B. 7959, $5.00; Theatre Magazine, 1 yrs. subscription $3.50 Flowers for late Mr. Enckler, $12.00.

Receipts of the week were: from Circulat- ing Library Sales, $7.25; from donations, $1.25 fromsales by courtesyof Mrs. Bartlett, $22. 05.

Another successful Saturday afternoon’s outing in the Yard, and no hint of ill weather to mar, So passes a Spring, Summer, and fall season, without an afternoon being lost by reason of foul weather; verily some record for the H. F. C. Were our ego like to the Kaiser’s we would probably pause here and make some world-thrilling remark anent our own particular ‘‘Gott,”’ and his favors to us, but being of somewhat humbler temperament we will merly point out the coincidence, and leave it to our intelligent readers to figure out the why and wherefore of our being so favored. We would ask our esteemed President if he was acquainted with the Local Weather Man, did we not feel perfectly assured that the Hon. Rube would never condescend to stoop to bribery to gain his ends.

The day was featured by an open-air min- strel performance, which was easily the best offered us this season, as it was probably the last, as we are hopeful of being permitted to give an entertainment in the Hall on the coming Saturday. Our local Troubadours seem to improve with age, contrarywise to their jokes, and they were at their best on Saturday last; especially the inimitable ‘‘String-Bean’’. whose ‘‘business’’ was so mirth provoking as to cause even the writer, who was in a more than ordinarily villainous mood, to grin broadly at unexpected moments.

The program of music, songs, jokes, repartee, and farcical ‘‘business’’ was widely varied, and exceedingly well rendered thru- out; both song-birds, and joke-smiths being ‘String Bean’’, in the best of form, and the audience showing it’s appreciation of their efforts, by almost continuous laughter, aud frequent and voci- ferous applause. Messrs. Frenchy, Van, Harris, and Joe. were the bright, particular stars of the song-birds, tho D. C. mentioned something about a ‘‘Little Lump of Sugar Waiting Down in Dixie’’ with tears in voice; while he, and the ‘‘String Bean’’ had every- thing their own way as the fun-makers of the troupe. D. C. as a duellist was equal to that German long-range gun which was the only way the Huns could reach Paris, and the tho armed with a razor which would have frightened a Filipino, wisely declined the combat. The latter as a ‘‘heathen Chinee’’ could have washed any- body’s shirt in the audience at double rates.

We are very much indebted to Messrs, BarringtonGarnette, Count et al. managers;to the musicians and most of all to the per- formers for their eminently successful efforts to entertain us, and help us for the moment to forget a war-and-influenza racked world, and dwell, for a time at least, in an empire of pure fun; and we do here-with extend to them the sincere thanks of all, for- their very arduous labors in our behalf.