---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-8266
id: '4327'
image: umpire_1918_176.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- charity
- ' ambulance'
- ' ESP news'
- ' war effort'
title: The American Red Cross
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE AMERCAN RED CROSS NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS WASHINGTON, D. C.

October 21st, 1918 

Mr. Charles Scott, Jr., Manager, 
Penna. Division, A. R. C., 
1601 Walnut St. Phila., Pa.

Dear Sir:—

Your letter of October 12th to the Bur- eau of Purchases in regard to the donation from the Eastern Penitentiary has been re- ferred to this deﬁartment which handles all correspondence in regard to contributions restricted to specific purposes.

We note that the Inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary have collected $1,405.47 which they wish to donate to the Red Cross for the purchase of one Ford Ambulance and one kitchen trailer. While we would greatly appreciate this giftand could arrange for the proper marking of the kitchen trailer and the ambulance, we could not comply with the request that these machines be placed on ex- hibition for the men of this institution to see,

We have received to date over $600,000 designated for ambulances. A great many of the contributions carry with them requests to have the ambulances exhibited, and we have been forced to advise the donors that an exhibition could not be arranged. You are undoubtedly aware that freight facilities are being taxed to the utmost and, to comply with this particular request, might necessi- tate our complying with many others. We would suggest, therefore, that you discourage the contributors in the idea of attempting to have the articles exhibited.

Yours very truly,

(Signed) L. J. Hunter, Deput Comptroller.

--

THE AMERICAN RED CROSS PENNSYLVANIA-DELAWARE-DIVISION

October, 22, 1918

From F. Corlies Morgan.

Subject Donation from the Eastern Penitentiary.

Attention of J B. Townsend—Exec. Director. 

Replying to yours of the tenth concerning the desire of the Inmates of the Eastern State Penitentiary to have on exhibition the ambu- lance and kitchen which they very generously donated to the Red Cross, I am enclosing herewith a copy of a letter today re-ceived from National Headquarters. 

I regret very much that it is impossible for us to comply with Warden McKenty’s request, but think he will understand our po- sition in the matter and will be satisfied with this decision of National Headquarters. We will, of course, be very glad to have the proper plates placed on the ambulance and trailer and we have at the Division a large sized map of the kitchen trailer which we would be glad to have sent to the Pen. for exhibition if the Inmates so desire.

If there is anything further which I can do in the matter, please advise me. 

Very truly youres, 

(Signed) F. Corlies Morgan

Acting Division Manager.

--

AMERICAN RED CROSS SOUTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA CHAPTER

October 24th. 1918

Warden Robert J. McKenty

Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia, Pa. 

My dear Warden McKenty:

I am enclosing copies of two letters received this date with regard to the exhibition of the motor ambulance and kitchen trailer, and I regret that it is not possible to exhibit them as hoped for by you.


The Acting Division Manager, Mr. Morgan, suggests that he has alarge sized map of the kitchen trailer, which could be sent to the  Penitentiary for exhibition. If you would like this done kindly let me know. 

Very sincerely yours, 

J.B.Townsend
Executive Director

This is regrettable, but we attach no strings to our gifts. ED.