---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-8266
id: '4337'
image: umpire_1918_178.jpg
issue: '44'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
- ' prison'
title: The Sentenced
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE SENTENCED The moment the prison doors close upon a man, he immediately begins scheming for. liberty. How to get out, and either go thru the same routine once more, or become the respectable member of society his mother always believed him to be, is the one thought that occupies his mind. All else is subordinate. He obtains all the privileges, and comforts his money, or superior intelligence entitles him to, according to his belief and settles back to his long job of prying those gates ajar. He does a little work when the boss is looking his way; he goes to church of a Sunday, and sings lustily, and perhaps he goes to school, and learns to his amazement, that two and two really make four, and that a cash-register can be beaten by a good mathematician. He tries to impress the officials of his real sincerity of purpose by an exhibition of industry, ambition, kindness, generosity, solicitude for his fellow prisoner; and he is repentant as the day is long. He takes a cell companion, some poor devil who has lacked such early advantages as himself. and he helps him to the extent of his powers.He makes a man out of some very poor material. He teaches him perhaps to read and write. He shares with him the little luxuries that he obtains and is in all things an influence for good. And to those whom he has injured in the outside world, he makes such restitution, and atonement as may be possible, and promises more. He saves his money and bears proudly a bankbook as evidence of the same. Does he do all these things? Gentlemen, we leave it to you.