---
author: B-7401
day: '13'
editor: B-8266
id: '4368'
image: umpire_1918_183.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Go-Bang
- ' letter'
- ' war effort'
title: Office of the Surgeon
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

OFFICE OF THE SURGEON, S. A. T, C., PURDUE UNIVERSITY, WEST LAFAYETTE, IND; OCT. 30, 1918. THE INMATES OF THE EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY, PHILADELPHIA, PA. Dear Friends; I am in receipt of your letter and the "Go Bang" games. I sincerely appreciate the spirit in which your offering is made. I doubly appreciate the gift, owing to my being a Pennsylvania man and having been born in Philadelphia. It is a known fact among soldiers that Philadelphia is the greatest city inourcountry for the various big-hearted assistance given to soldiers at various camps and those passing thru that city. My greatest regret for you is that you are unable to accept service in the field. It is a mistake that any red-blooded American should be deprived of the opportunity to make good in this war, merely on account of some error or Judgment. I feel that the day is fast approaching when many errors of human nature that are now Classified as criminal will be looked upon in the real light of a disease and treated as such to the betterment of all mankind. Hoping that the light of reason may soon dawn and the ban removed that prevents you all joinging with us, and believing with Bobby Burns that "A man's a man for a' that.", and with renewed thanks, I am Yours, HARRY BRADY Cap. M. C. U. S. Army.