---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: ''
id: '4381'
image: umpire_1918_186.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' opinion'
- ' Germany'
title: The Reaping
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

THE REAPING Never was the truth of that dear old proverb "As ye sow, so shall ye reap." better exemplified than in the case of William Hohenzollern; ex-Kaiser; ex-Baby-Killer; ex-senior partner in the exclusively German firm of "Me und Gott." He sowed hatred and suspicion between nations, and has reaped a detestation which is universal, embracing even his own people. He sowed a worldwide death and devastation, and his reaping has been terrific, and is far from being ended. He introduced to an incredulous, and horrified world, mass-murder by submarine; by Zeppelin, and airplane; by poison gas, and liquid fire. He destroyed the sanctity of hospitals, and hospital ships: for to him there were no sick; no wounded, there were but enemies to be destroyed. He taught the world that the most solemn of treaties were in his sight as scraps of paper, and that where his armies held sway the word "non-combatant" had no meaning; and his fiendish inventions and innovations he's recoiled upon his own head, and the heads of his people. If ever the results of wrong thinking were made clearly manifest it is in the case of him, who thought to make Germany supreme among the nations, and has humbled her to the dust. He had thought to achieve worldwide dominion for himself, end such fame of Caeser's, Alexander's, Napoleon's, and others of such ilk, and lives to see himself classed with Nero and Jack the Ripper. He thought to scale the utmost pinnacle of human grandeur, and win immortal renown, and he finds himself hurled into such abyss of shame as only the mind of a Dante could conceive; overwhelmed by such weight of human obloquy as no written word could picture.His was a selfish ambition, and he has reaped to the uttermost the fell reward of selfishness. He sought, not the good of the German nation, but the aggrandizement of himself, and family; and with him the house of Hohenzollern as a ruling family has ceased to be, and the German nation must bear his sins even unto the third generation. His was not such ambition as the Great Henry's, the good Henri IV of France, whose wish it was that every family should have a fowl in the pot, but his desire was rather, that every princelet of his House should wear a crown, bloodstained, if need be, but yet a crown; lording it over conquered peoples, by right of birth alone; and all satraps to himself, as King of Kings. But there exists always nemesis for such as he; always there comes the inevitable ending to the scheming; and Truth is exalted from the scaffold, while wrong is curled headlong from a bloodstained throne to perish with his worshipers. So it has ever been; so must it ever be. Only the right endures. "Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it: except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain." This is one of the few texts we remember, and have tried out, and how true it is, how applicable to the case in hand. William Hohenzollern's attempt to build a world-empire on a foundation of ruthless might; cemented together by the blood and tears of nations; heralded by a savage oppression, and cruelty which would have warmed the cockles of a Caligula's heart: attempting to cram down a world's unwilling throat, the long-ago exploded doctrine that might is right; and that weakness, in nation, or individual is a crime, and the natural lot of such is to serve the stronger. He would have had the German race of supermen, with the Hohenzollerns, as their God-like heads; and all the rest of the world hewers of wood, and drawers of water to the same, and against an egoism so rampant; a vision so perverted, the whole world rose in rebellion; "the stars in their courses fought against Sisera", and a God who is slow to anger, as He is certain of judgment, has written, "finis" to the story of a bloody and deceitful House.