---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: ''
id: '4428'
image: umpire_1918_195.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Strasbourg
- ' Germany'
- ' clock'
- ' prison'
title: Two Clocks
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

TWO CLOCKS. There is in the cathedral at Strasbourg France a wonderful clock that draws the attention of all visitors to that grand city along the Rhine, Among its performances are the following :—It teils the hour, half hour, and quarter hour, and the bells that records the flight of time are struck by automaton figures. A youth strikes the quarter, a mature man the half hour, and an old man, representing the figure of Time, the full hour. This clock tells also the times and seasons of ecclesiastical events as far as they associated with astronomical phenomena, and it gives the phases of the moon, and equation of time. At noon a cock, mounted on a pillar, crows thrice, when a procession of the apostles comes out and passes in-view of the Saviour among them Peter, who, shrinking from the eye of his Lord, shows by his embarrassed demeanor that he has heard the crowing of the cock, and has fully understood its meaning. Among the movements of the automatons is that of a beautiful youth, who turns an hour glass every fifteen minutes. There is also-a celestial circle or orrery that shows the motions of the heavenly bodies.— It is claimed that this celebrated clock at Strasbourg was made by a convict, an old German watchmaker, who was serving a life term in a prison, located not far from the great cathedral overlooking. the banks of the Rhine. ‘he cathedral had then no time piece fitted in to its architecture, and after encouraged and assisted by friends this convict set about constructing this marvelous piece of work, and when he had it completed arrangements were made for his~ pardon which was granted him by Wilhelm the first, he was released and given the permission to superintend the installation of the clock.—Many hundred have done their time in here and walked out without knowing the history of the clock in our tower, that has struck for them their hour of release,—and many are yet in here who do not know that it was made by B 1381 "Jake" as it might interest' some of the readers to know a little about its dimensions we here give a correct "statement from the builder, who is yet with us, and who lives on the 7th block. Size of dial facing East 35 inches, Size of dial facing South 3 inches, Pendulum 42 inches, Weight of interior works 400 pounds, Weight at end of cable, of striking works 600 pounds, Weight at end of cable, of time works 250 pounds, The two cables carrying weights, are 5-32 inch, in diameter and have a fall of twenty feet, Weight of striking hammer 2 pounds. Almost every day one can see "Jake" take a trip to the tower to oil or wind his handiwork, for though the counting of time by this clock of his does not mean anything to him, he does not want it to hold back a minute for the other fellow. —