---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: ''
id: '4442'
image: umpire_1918_198.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- labor
title: U.S. Labor Chiefs Halt I. W. W. Move
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

U.S. LABOR CHIEFS HALT I. W. W. MOVE Laredo, Tex., Nov.. 15—An attempt by Mexican delegates to the Pan-American labor conference to have adopted a resolution aiming at the release from prison of Industrial Workers of the World, today brought forth an attack on that organization by American labor leaders who defeated the scheme by amending the resolution. The opposition to the Mexican resolution was led by Charles H. Moyer, who, as president of the Western Federation of Miners, several years ago had associated with him as secretary of that organization, William D. Haywood, now secretary and treasurer of the I. W. W. who is serving sentence under the espionage act. Samuel Gompers, after the resolution had been introduced, drew out the fact it was intended to aid imprisoned Industrial Workers of the World, and at once the executive council of the American Federation of Labor attacked the movement, which was warmly defended by some of the Mexican delegates. Moyer, now president of the Mine, Mill and Smeiter Workers, previously had taken no part in the conference proceedings. He arose to answer a statement by a Mexican delegate that the I. W. W. had convinced many Mexican workmen that the American Federation of Labor fought the Haywood organization merely because the two organizations were seeking the same end by different means. ‘*My name is Moyer," he said, "Remember that name and go back to Mexico and tell them what I say. Twelve years ago, Moyer, Haywood and Pettibone were on trial for their lives, and although we were not affiliated with the American Federation of Labor, that organization contributed the funds which enabled us to prove our innocence and saved our lives. "Pettibone died, and on his deathbed he gave thanks to the American Federation of Labor for the help it had given him. Moyer lived and served and has tried to be true to the organization to which he owes his life. He is now paying part of the debt he owes them. Hay wood was false; he started at once an organization to undermine his benefactors and to injure his country. I warn you to go back to Mexico and tell the miners that you have learned from Moyer to. look and be careful, and when you find a man representing the I. W. W., to know he is there, not to organize you to better your conditions, but he is doing there what he is trying to do in the United States, to organize you to destroy you."