---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: ''
id: '4466'
image: umpire_1918_202.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' war effort'
title: Reflections
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

REFLECTIONS It is interesting to know just what we might have accomplished had we been given an opportunity to go to the front during the war. Prison inmates are more or less divided into three classes the world over, namely: Good—Bad—and Indifferent, but no matter to which class a man may ally himself when the call to show his patriotism comes he forgets all else, all that has caused him to be mean, selfish and undesirable vanishes and in its place abounds a desire to atone for the mistakes of the past. Just allow that little spark of patriotism to ignite and soon it he comes a raging flame that quickly burns its way to a place on the worlds Roll of Honor. To those who were given the chance to fight the Hun, comes story after story of heroic deeds. It is not the purpose of the writer to dwell upon what prisoners have done at the battle front but to show the remarkable decrease in crime in. England where prisoners were liberated and given a chance to make good. Quoting from a report of the prison commissioners of England and Wales we learn that in 188 prisons the following decreases occurred in the prison population. Daily average 1914 1918 Convict prisons 2704 1893 Local prisons 14852 7385 Detention 171 70 Reformatories 81 43 The report states that in 1908 one person out of every 175 in the community was or had been in prison, in 1918 the number had fallen to one in every 271, and since the war started it had dropped to one. in 1127. The great decrease during the war is attributed chiefly to the call on the manhood of the nation, and the diversion of many persons from idle and unprofitable lives, with endless opportunities for crime, to find useful employment while in many cases intense patriotism had led persons not only to abstain from evil themselves, but to do good work by their example and encouragement to others. Twenty years ago there were 20,000 youths between 16 and 21 in prison annually and now there are only 4000 while owing to the efforts of the aftercare societies between 70 and 80 per cent have been saved from a life of crime. Is this not a boost in favor of giving the prisoner a chance. Many former Inmates of prisons have made good in every sense of the word. By acts of heroism, self-sacrifice and gallantry.— Not a few have been advanced in the service and many have been decorated with the cross of honor.—