---
author: Latimer, Rev. Thomas
day: '25'
editor: ''
id: '4484'
image: umpire_1918_205.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Christmas
title: Christmas
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

Glory To God In The Highest Follow The Star As The Wise Men Did And It Shall Bring To You Great Peace OF Mind Exceeding Joy And Good In All You Do Christmas By Rev. Thomas Latimer At last the day has arrived. The day of good cheer. The Merry Christmas day. Expectancy has been upon its tip toes for weeks. The question on many lips, what will I get, has been answered. To some disappointment, to others satisfaction. "Just what I wanted!"Bundles have been unpacked. Packages have been opened. The myserious has been revealed. The eyes of both young and old glistens. Santa Claus bestows upon many the presents incident to the occasion.That little child coming down the stairs in the early morning, in his nighty, "couldn't wait until dressed," its first glimpse of the Christmas tree, loaded with its tinsel and glass ornaments, the many gifts all arranged in order at the base of the tree, from dear old Santa, "everything I wanted," the vision of the Yuletide at once. Doesn't take much to satisfy a child; to cause a sunbeam to illuminate its little face. Gifts from papa, mama and all the family.It's blessed to receive. It's more blessed to give.Jesus was right. What's it all about anyhow? The smiles, the good cheer, the sunshine, the gifts?—Ah! Jesus was born today. All Heaven was searched. An angel wouldn't do. It must be my Son, saith the Father.So Jesus, God's best and choicest gift was given. The act was contagious. The world caught the idea. Gift giving became the order of the years, and so we have Christmas, a day of giving.The wise men gave their gold, frankincense and myrrh. Wise men and women too, are still giving, and will until time is no more.How about your gift?—At liberty—out of work, rent due, sickness at home. No Christmas for me. Oh! Yes there is. In prison, no money, no chance to make a present, to give something. Oh, yes there is. What?—Yourself. You make your own Christmas present today. Jesus was given,--a gift. Make to Him a present, this day, now, yourself.—He doesn't want your little money. He wants you, your life, your talents, your heart. You can make for yourself the happiest, the most blessed Christmas of your life. Give to Him what He came into the world to save,--your soul. Heaven's interested. Joy bells will ring.The angels are attention. Happiness is at your elbow. The Father's hand is extended. Come Home. Say, "Merry Christmas" from a heart surrendered to Jesus, the great Christmas gift. It's your privilege. No ornamented tree on the first Christmas morning. No stocking hung p at the fireside. No pretty toys—but an angel chorus song at His birth. A beautiful star hung in the sky. Shepherds beheld it and wondered. A stable a poor place to be born in. Cattle under the same roof, but Heaven overheard. All Heaven sang that morning, as the greatest gift was given. How about acceptance? It's yours, "without money and without price."There's a song in the air!There's a star in the sky!There's a mother's deep prayer,And a baby's low cry!And the star rains its fireWhile the beautiful sing.For the manger of BethlehemCradles a King –