---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: ''
id: '4491'
image: umpire_1918_206.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Christmas
- ' charity'
title: Giving
volume: V
year: '1918'
---

GIVING Nineteen hundred years ago when the wise men made their pilgrimage toward the star in the East which was to guide them to the birth place of their future King, they did not think that their journey would have been complete without taking with them some token of their love and adoration and so they took gold, frankincense and myrrh as the most valuable gifts to the one adored. All down the centuries to this time it has become a universal custom that giving marks the attitude of human affections at Christmas time, and the spirit of love dominates the human heart. The man in prison is impelled by that same spirit of love to make some sacrifice, even though ever so slight, for the dear ones from whom he is separated by prison walls, and though outside the walls the merry shoppers are busy purchasing the many gifts they wish to bestow, the prisoner is busy at work on some simple token which he can make with his own hands and which will show to his loved ones that he has the Christmas spirit in his heart and that his heart is not dead to the finer things in life. There is in the hearts of all men admiration for unselfish and heroic qualities in others, going to show that in themselves are remnants of the same good characteristics. Very few men are totally without friends, and it is that friend's faith in him that inspires in him the desire to live up to that faith. It has always been true that the one who gives a gift is made happy by doing so and because he wants to make someone else happy he himself has been made happy. The widow's mite brought more happiness to her out of her poverty than millions can bring to the man of wealth who founds a university. So it follows that the spirit of giving may only have a pleasant word or smile, yet it has its reward.