---
title: The Superintendent Speaks
author: Joseph R. Brierley 
newspaper: Eastern Echo
year: 1966
issue: Fall
page: 3
tags:
  - 10th Anniverary
  - Grumpy man in tie
layout: item
---

In 1956, when THE EASTERN
ECHO was conceived—when it was
born—I was here as a member of the
Institution staff. During the past ten
years, I have watched it mature with
mixed feelings and some apprehen-
slon. My fears were based upon my
reasoning that the magazine was &
potential tool in the hands of the
criminal; a tool to be used by him
against society after his arrest and
incarceration, such as the jimmy bar.
the shiv and the gun.

Furter, 1t was my feoling that the
ECHO would provide inmates with o
media_that conld b used primarlly
26 a gripo sheet In lashing out at the
Instiution and the correetional sye
tem whieh housed him, with un
Justifod attacs

My feslings were bused solely upon
my training recelved n the old days,
before the formin of the Bureau of
Correction; traiaing which was llmit-
o4 to strict securlty and custody. The
treatment_toola, then, were clube,
Fortunately, T underwent a perlod of
transition along with the forming o
the Bureas of Correction by lesie
ton 1n 1952 and. with the appoint-
ment of Arthur T. Prasse as its
Commissioner.

T was aware at that tme, the
Pennsylvania penal system In_the
early 1800s, waa the world's Teader
In penclogy. Obviously, there was a
lageing bohind perlod: but, under
the  progressive leadership of Com-
missioner Prasse, we are sgain the
eader.

In Tooking back over the past ton
years, T can remember polnting with
oride o some of the &

o the articles contained In the
ECHO. There aro two fn particiar
that come 1o my attention now. by
way of example. Ono of the artcles
o which I refer was entitled “Reha-
biltation via Conseration,” author
e by Francis Murphy and Johnny
Bowers, both since departed. The
article dealt with the suggetion that
Drisoners could bo used to restore the
malng arows of Central Pennsylvania
by implementing strlp mining pro-
cesses. 1 telt the article was very
logteally concelved and 1 sl sticks
in my mind, today. The other article
that siways fmpresses me, Is INSIDE

NFORMATION. It haa always been,
to me, the central part of tho maga-
Hine—sort of a sub-aditorial—which
humorously sume up all the data that
s omitted from the other sections of
the ECHO.

Foll 1966

The Superintendent

1 recall partiuiarly one statement.
about the roaches. .. whien were
supposed to be gelting searce around
the nstitution. The author of the
artlele, at that tme, wrote it {n
satire.” A dlstingulshed _pencloglst
trom England was visiting the instl-
tution and was taken by the abiity of
the fnmate author to poke fun at
himself and his iving conditions.

Although 1 am well aware that we
il not be able o please all peoples
With our sdminiatrative polites; nor
wil the ECHO be able to please all
peoples with sl of their articles and
Iasues, wo feol sure that the progress
which has been made by the various
adltors and thelr stafle—in spite of
having to work at times with various
limited conditions—has cortalnly dls-
pelled all previous negatlve thoughts
concerning this_particular_type ot
publication. This fact, alone, 18 &
recognized hallmark of mature
srowth.

wADbDmoOwn

It is my fesling that the ECHO,
during the past ten years, has con-
tributed vitally not only o maay In-
mates tn this and other Institutions,
but to outside readers, as well. T now
encourage you to continue your pro-
fram of mproving upon present
standards and_exhort you to trive
constantly to malatain a very objec-
ive approach o content in all areas
of tntereat.

To the fnmate members of the
various Penal Press publications, and
especialy to one of s top leaders,
THE BASTERN ECHO, on the oc
caslon of thelr Tenth Auaiversary, 1
wish to extond my sincerest and best
Withes for continued success 4 50U
strive to produce a protessional-type
Dublication And a8 You endeavor (o
make sigaifcant contributions to th
important penological media

Josaph R. Baiorley

3
