---
title: Minor League Softball Champs
author: 
newspaper: Eastern Echo
year: 1966
issue: Fall
page: 34
tags:
layout: item
---

MINOR LEAGUE SOFTBALL CHAMPS

Front row: Robort MeSwaln, Bosie Wright, Willam Smith, James Land, Froderick “Goodie” Goodman, . Gantoral, Russell Fiefter, Billy Carter. Middie fow Frank

Darrow. Edward Brewer, Hobby Lockner. Back row.

aniel Willium, Sidies Price, Dave Haan. Steve

David Dietenderfer, John MeCandloss, Donald Weathers, Joseph Sinclal, Ronald Jackson

THE CHAMPION VIKINGS!

The Vikings came on strong in the second b

tically airtight with Bosie Wright to be the anchor man with an exeeptional glove. MeSwain at short, Cantoral at 2nd, and Smith at first provided Eddie Brewer with considerable sup- port. Brewer who was n real work horse on the mound pitched every game. While many expocted him to wilt from the amount of pitehing he did, he simply went on winning and became the league’s only thirty game winner, Tt will be diffuclt for anyone else to compete with him when it is time to vote for the most valusble player. Goody encountered many problems_putting this_team together and credit should be given for his fine job of buil p club. Credit due also to Robert *Pinkie” Pincavitch who joined the team late in the season and caught many impor- tant. games for then.

METS

The merger of the two leagues proved to be a dis- aster for the Mets. The first half was all Mets who ran away from the rest of the league and finished the half with a six gume lead. When the Meis became affiiated with the Braves of the Cuban league it provided that they send their better players 1o the parent Braves, As u result the Mets lost their entire infield, two thirds of their outfield, and their number one piteher, Walkie Talkie. Walkic posted an impres- sive 7.2 record with a number of saves to his credi before moving on to the Braves team. The Mets wers able to play respectable ball through most of the sec- u

ond half before slumping badly towards the end of

the season and into the playoffs. The one bright spot in the overall season was Winnie in left field who paced the attack at an ineredible clip to finish the season with a gaudy 586 batting average to lead the Ieague in that department,

PHILLIES

The Phillies after a pathetie first half were able to field a very respectable club in the second half, Willie Billingsley, the owner, never stopped trying to make his club a contender. His biggest steal was in abtaining “No No’” Smith to handle the pitching

ores. As we all know, **No No”" has probably won more games here than uny other pitcher, career wise.

s pitching as expected strengthened the club eon- siderably,. however hie Joined the team so late that the team ¢ffort to overhiul the front running Vikings was in vain. John Hughes at shortstop covered a lot of territory and took many potential hits away from the enemy.

LYNX

The question of what happened to the Lynx has stumped all of the players and fans alike. As a first ofher club in

half team they held their own with an

league. The second half was story, however, Ovner *C at times even felding u team. The turnover of per. sonnel was o great that often it could not be deter- mined exactly who were members of the team, *Hill- billy”? pitehed many fine games only to see his efforts squandered by costly errors and futile base running. He deserved i better fate,

Eastern Echo
