---
title: Concert Band Commended
author: William Berg
newspaper: Eastern Echo
year: 1966
issue: Fall
pageNumber: 28
tags:
layout: item
---

Concert Band Commended

1t has seldom been the pleasure of the reviewer to_experience as enjoyable @ program s the one offered by the institution band on November 15, 1966,

This ensemble under the able direction of its leader, Robert Barelay, Music Dircetor, produced, in this writer’s opinion, 4 tonal quality and beauty of sound not often heard at a concert in an institution setting.

To begin with, the band performed as o unit. There were o noticeably missed cucs; the various sections came in precisely; and the coda executed as required. Whatever flaws appeared, can be attributed mare to imperfect acousties and ampliication th faulty playing or poor musicianship,

Probably more ontstanding than the instrum and voeal versutilty displayed was the range and un. wsualness of the program itself. Mr. Barelay dared to tackle musical works more adaptable for symphonic groups and carried them suceessfully. The writer must admit that he was apprehensive because of th

nature of the program selections and the limitations imposed by the available instrumentation, but his fears soon proved to be unfounded once the bund emonstrated its sure-fire proficiency.

The concert was a stunning success and proved

once again that spirit, determination, and skill

overcome a dearth of instruments and personnel by—William Berg

Director of Treatment (EDCC)

Eastern Echo
