---
title: Success of Honor System at Bellefonte
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
year: 1916
volume: 5
issue: 1
page: 1
tags:
  - 
layout: item
---
SUCCESS OF HONOR
SYSTEM AT BELLEFONTE

Also at Honor Road Camp at Parkdale,
Colorado

Our wide awake contemparary, Good Words,
makes mention of the Bellefonte construction
camp and says that in a recent number of the
Journal of Prison Dascipline and Philanthropy
there was a description of the new penitentiary
now under constructicn by the inmates at
Bellefonte, Center County, Pennsylvania.

The prison is being built on'an immense farm
of 5200 acres, bounded on one side by a beau-
tiful mountain to its first ridge Thereisa
stream of water large enough to generate pow-
er for electric lighting and vther purposes, while
the springs from the mountain side furnish an
abundant supply of pure drinking water. There
is an absence of walls and no armed guards
while the constructicn work is under way, over
400 inmates being employved. The attempts
at esca; e have been remarkably rare.

The Honor Road Camp at Parkdale, Color-
ado, is also very successful.  Accorcing to the
Yellowstone Journal, hére is a camp in exist-
ence over two and a half years with but one
violation of its rules and that the theft «f a
p 'ckage of tobacco. The punishment for this
offense was to return to the State Penitentiary,
and the deprivation of out door employment
and also by the fact that the individual h:d
thereby become ‘‘an outcast in the eyes of  his
fellow prisoners.”’ It must be understood that
of the population of se\enty five, fifty there,
are burgulars and robbers. ‘

We wonder if these facts were known to the
members of the American Prison Association
meeting at Oakland, California, in the month
of October, when they heard an attack upon
the extension of the honor system in state pen-
itentiaries, delivered by Judge Frick of the
Utah Supreme Court.
