---
author: null
issue: 1
layout: item
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags:
- null
title: Kirchwey Now Warden
volume: 5
year: 1916
---

KIRCHWEY NOW WARDEN

Osborne Retires As Warden Of The
N. Y. State Prison

According to latest reports Thomas Mott

Osborne decided early in November to retire
from the wardenship of Sing Sing on December
1, but when the Westchester Grand Jury Dbe-
gan its investigation, the Warden believed as
the result of a conspiracy against him, he de-
termined to stay and fight for vindication.
It was learned recently that before Super-
intendent of Prisons Riley sent the charges to
District Attorney of Westchester County that
things were not as they should be in Sing Sing.
Warden Osborne had written friends that he
had started prison reform in Sing Sing and was
ready to step down. : j

With his fellow-reformer, Dr. George W.-
Kirchwey, holding the reins at Ossining, Mr.
Osborne spent Sunday resting'in his home at
Auburn, preparatory to coming to New York
next week for the preparation of his defense
against the charges, of perjury, malfeasance
and personal immorality handed up by the
Grand Jury of Westchester last week.

In the meantime friends of Mr. Osborne in
New York City, have completed plans for a
great meeting of the prison reformer’s sup-
porters in Carnegie Hall this week. A group
of prominent New Yorkers who have taken
charge of the defense report innumeréble/
offers of ascistance, moral and financial,
all partsof the city and many
States.

Warden Kirchwey has take

from
from other

n up his duties as

warden and will carry out the reforms in-
augurated by Mr Osborne. After the New
Year’s dinner, Warden Kirchwey made his

first Addres\ to the prisoners, telling them that
he was in sympathy with modern methods of
prison management and that they would be
granted privileges in accordance with their geed
behavior and discipline. The prisoners séemed
pleased with his statement and he was 61\ eRn a
round of applause.