---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_022.jpg
---
GOOD EYES AND STEADY HAND

There has been a great variety of reports
about the ‘‘good Germans'’ and the ““bad Ger-
mans’’; but the fact that the “good Bravar-
ians’’ do not harass their enemies unnecessarily,
and are known to exhibit a friendly attitude
when duty is not exacting active hostilities,
has recently been told by a wounded French
soldier returning from the trenches. The fol-
lowing account of the ‘“‘gocd Germans,”” who
have discovered a way to lessen the disagree-
able form of warfare, reminds us of the excell-
ent marksmanship of Daniel Boone, in pioneer
days. The correspondent of a well known paper
says: ‘‘A German priest visited the war-front,
where he met a Bavarian infantryman sitting
in a deep hole.

The soldierasked the priest for the lcan of his
field-glasses. He then asked him to enter the
hole and watch him catch a French cuirassier.
While the priest looked, a French officer fcll
from his horse. The Bavarian descended from
the tree and caught the horse, which was on
the point of running away. In the meantime
the priest attended to the Frenchman, whm
the horse had dragged a short distance.

“Pastor, have no care,”’ the Bavarian said;
‘‘I have not hurt him.”’

In fact, the Frenchman was only unconscious.
The priest then learned how the Bavarian had
fired. The bullet had struck the heavy cuir-
assier-helmet, and the man was knocked un-
conscious.

“In order to perform this’’ the Bavarian
sharpshooter added, ‘“one must have a safe
hand and good eyes.”’
