---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1008'
image: umpire_1916_022.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' Germans'
title: Good Eyes and Steady Hands
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

GOOD EYES AND STEADY HAND There has been a great variety of reports about the "good Germans" and the "bad Germans"; but the fact that the "good Bravarians" do not harass their enemies unnecessarily , and are known to exhibit a friendly attitude when duty is not exacting active hostilities, has recently been told by a wounded French soldier returning from the trenches: The following account of the "good Germans," who have discovered a way to lessen the disagreeable form of warfare, reminds us of the excellent marksmanship of Daniel Boone, in pioneer days. The correspondent of a well-known paper says: "A German priest visited the war-front, where he met a Bavarian infantryman sitting in a deep hole. The soldier asked the priest for the loan of his field-glasses. He then asked him to enter the hole and watch him catch a French cuirassier. While the priest looked, a French officer fell from his horse. The Bavarian descended from the tree and caught the horse, which was on the point of running away. In the meantime the priest attended to the Frenchman, whim the horse had dragged a short distance. "Pastor, have no care," the Bavarian said; "I have not hurt him." In fact, the Frenchman was only unconscious. The priest then learned how the Bavarian had fired. The bullet had struck the heavy cuirassier-helmet, and the man was' knocked unconscious. "In order to perform this" the Bavarian sharpshooter added, "one must have a safe hand and good eyes."