---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1011'
image: umpire_1916_022.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- technology
- ' music'
title: Electrical Music
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ELECTRICAL MUSIC One of the latest wonders of the day is electrical music, which was demonstrated to a large audience of men of science in New York recently, by the inventor, Lee De Forest, who has discovered musical possibilities in his "audion" the device which made feasible telephonic wireless conversation with Paris. By pressing a button an electric lamp is made to sing like a bird, the tone being regulated by the resistance of the lamp and by the induction coils. No serious effort seems yet to have been made to fit the device for producing real music. The inventor explained: "The notes that you hear tonight will resemble more those of the flute or reed instruments. I have not had the time in the laboratory to prepare the other methods in a form suitable for demonstration." Between the production of melodious tones and the elaboration of an instrument capable of performing music there is a wide gap, as Dr. Thaddeus Cahill discovered in working out his remarkable invention the telharmonium. To bridge the gap required years of patient experiment and skillful construction in his Holyoke factory. He began where Mr. De Forest does, with the electrical production of beautiful tones, but the mechanical problem involved in producing a true musical instrument proved to. be extremely complicated and difficult. Mr. De Forest thinks that the audion offers a short cut, but that is still to be seen. Perhaps only musicians realize the complicated nature of even a very simple piece of music, or the extent to which the pleasure it gives depends upon minute difference of tone quality and fine shade of expression. And not even the musician, unless a student of acoustics, comprehends the number and the subtlety of the complicated series of vibrations on which tone depends.