---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1018'
image: umpire_1916_024.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- charity
- ' letters'
title: Expressions of Gratitude
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

EXPRESSIONS OF GRATITUDE. The following letters were received by the committee that had charge of the Children's Xmas Fund, and are fully expressive of the sentiments of the recipients of gifts from the "Big Brothers" of Cherry Hill. Dauphin, Pa., Jan. 3, 1916. To the ‘Big Brothers' of Cherry Hill. Dear People: We wish to thank you all for the nice Christmas presents you sent us. Wishing you a Happy New Year, we remain. Sincerely Yours. Myrtle, James, Hazel, Viola and Clyde W— Philadelphia, Pa., Jan. 11, 1916 "To The Big Brothers of Cherry Hill." I thank you very much for the doll my daughter received and she also thanks you many times as it was a great surprise to her. It is a beautiful doll and she is much pleased with it. I remain, Yours Truly Mrs.— Susquehanna, Pa. Dec. 28, 1915 "Big Brothers" of Cherry Hill, Dear Sirs: I received your gifts sent to little Joseph, and wish to thank you very much for them. I also wish you a Happy and Prosperous New Year. Mrs M.— Dauphin, Pa., Dec. 30, 1915 Dear "Big Brothers" We thank you awfully much for telling Santa Claus to remember us on Christmas, it made us all so happy and dear mamma cried. Mamma told us when we said our prayers at night to ask God to bless the "Big Brothers" of Cherry Hill. We thank you awfully much. Mamma is helping us to write this letter to you, and we send our love and kisses ***** to all. Hazel, and Viola— Phila., Pa., Jan. 16, 1916.Dear Warden McKenty. I want to express to you and through you to the "Big Brothers" of the E. S. P., the warm thanks of the managers of the "Sheltering Arms" Mission, for the most welcome and useful Christmas presents you have sent to the children and mothers; also your favor with wishes for the New year. The spirit of the "Big Brothers of Cherry Hill is the only one which will give peace and happiness in a world where there is so much sorrow and distress. Thanking you and wishing you all a Happy New Year, I am. Very Sincerely Yours --- President Phila., Pa. Dec. 26, 1915 "Big Brothers of Cherry Hill" Dear People:— Your gift came to hand today and I feel I can never fully express my thanks, for this kindness which you have bestowed upon myself and little ones. It has scattered the gloom which has surrounded us, and at last shows forth rays of sunlight, which now enter our home, which is our only comfort. From this gift I shall properly clothe my little ones, so they can attend both Sunday and Public Schools and save their health. Again thanking you for this brightness to our hearts, I earnestly pray our Father in Heaven to bestow his blessings. on each and every member of this uplifting Club. I remain Truly Yours. Mrs. L--.  Phila., Pa., Dec. 30, 1915. Editor of THE UMPIRE, Dear Sir: Owing to the fact that I was unable to contribute toward the Children's Christmas Fund, and had broken the rules of the H. & F. Club, I requested that my name be withdrawn as a member of the same, and I did not expect that my family would receive anything from that source. You may imagine my surprise to receive a letter from home stating that the children had been remembered with a number of useful presents by the "Big Brothers" of Cherry Hill. My children have written me expressing their thanks for the same to which you may please add my own. May the New Year bring you all the brightest prospects for the future. Very sincerely yours, B—Dec. 26, 1915"Big Brothers" of Cherry Hill. Dear People: Your package at hand Xmas day, and I feel words can never fully thank you for the kindness, which you dear people bestowed upon this home of sadness and sickness. Just this happiness given to my little ones and seeing their joy, lightened my heart for a while, for Xmas was very sad to me, as my dear mother was lying low with pneumonia and I with my feeble health and worries am doing my utmost to bring her to health again. I care not for myself, but for those I love. Now that my loved one is absent, I am striving hard to keep hunger and sickness from my door, but it has found shelter here and my efforts seem in vain Trusting God in Heaven will care for us all, I leave it all to him, again thanking you for the kindness and asking our Father in Heaven to bestow his blessing on "The Big Brothers of Cherry Hill" and give all a bright and happy New Year. I remain, Truly Yours. Mrs.—