---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1020'
image: umpire_1916_024.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire Ad Column
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN There is no obligation attached to the "ad" service of this paper, but notices for publication must come through your Overseer. FOR SALE—Ladies' hand-crocheted Irish linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies' hand crocheted. French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On: sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx) LOST—Fountain pen. If found please return to 1st Block Overseer. FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hairbrushes and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to $1.50. B 1381, 7B. (a) OIL: PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood, any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49) FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates, etc., framed. Send your number with request to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (52) FOR SALE—Dainty silk or velvet pin cushions gaily trimmed, in all colors; 25 cents each. B 7237, 6B. (52) FOR SALE—8 pictures 20x24 inches, and 36 Passe Partout pictures. Price reasonable. B 6303, 9 B. (52) FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all for $3. B 5808, 1B. (1) TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3 B. FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20 pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700 pieces, One magnificent collection of violin solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7G. (8) FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown wool on frame 7x2) ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391, 7G (4) WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry made to order, also fine engraving done. Work first-class, B 7945, 7G.  (2) FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes of superior workmanship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable prices. B 6270 5th Gallery (3) FOR SALE—Oval frames with raised convex glass for Lorillard's coupon enlargements, $1 25 Enlargements made and framed $2.50 B 7243, 7th Block (3) FOR SALE—New accordion, Italian model $6 50 also Bottle with Cross enclosed © beautiful Curio. $1. 00 B 7794, 10 Block (3) FOR SALE—Guitar in good condition $1. 50 B6294, 5th Gallery. (3)FOR SALE—One spring rocking chair, in good | condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3)FOR SALE—A pair of Canaries already mated up and a breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th Gallery (3)FOR SALE—Violin and bow, Strad model, $2.50, Going out. B 5517, 7G (5) FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass and wood, different sizes, also painting done to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5) FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also. toothpicks and stick pins at reasonable prices. Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722. 7G (5) FOR SALE—3 fine singing canaries, pair now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage— all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680, 7B. (5) FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric, or crepe paper, all colors, 25c. B 6894. 12 B. (5)