---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1023'
image: umpire_1916_025.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- alcohol
- ' temperance'
- ' navy'
- ' war'
title: Hobson Would Build Navy With "Drink Money"
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HOBSON WOULD BUILD NAVY WITH "DRINK MONEY" Says That Fleets Costing Not Less Than $175,000,000 Could Be Easily Raised Captain Richard P. Hobson, "Hero of the Merrimac" came to, Philadelphia Saturday, to begin a series of addresses in this city under the auspices of the Anti-Saloon League.Captain Hobson wants a fleet in Atlantic waters superior to Germany's, one in the Pacific greater than Japan's and a combined fleet superior to Great Britain's navy. "Cut out drink and build a great American navy—greater than any other Power." And "we can have it," he asserted, "if we put an interpal embargo on drink and spend the money now poured out of bottles for naval armament." His building program is as follows: Four superdreadnoughts, three battlecruisers, five scout cruisers and four torpedo boat destroyers and a corresponding number of submarines for" each capital ship. He would spend $5,000,000 on aeronautical equipment and mine sweepers, mine layers, fuel and supply ships and other auxiliary boats. The program, Captain Hobson said would cost not less than $175,000,000, but this sum could easily be raised from money now paid out for drink, without an additional economic strain on the country. He had figures to show that the elimination of alcoholic liquors for a year and the direction of his money into the Federal Treasury the naval appropriation for the next 100 years would be provided for. Captain Hobson advocated an army of 750,000, with an enlargement of 1,000,000 men. He favors a reduction of term of army service to one year.