---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_022.jpg
---
ELECTRICAL MUSIC

One of the latest wonders of the day is elect-
rical music, which was demonstrated to a large
audience of men of science in New York recent-
ly, by the inventor, Lee De Forest, who has dis-
covered musical possibilities in his ‘‘audlon’’
the device which made feasible telephonic wire-
less conversation with Paris. By pressing a
button an electric lamp is made to sing like a
bird, the tone being regulated by the resistance
of thelamp and by the induction coils. No
serious effort seems y et to have been made to
fit the device for producing real music. The
inventor explained: ‘‘The notes that you hear
tonight will resemble more those of the flute or
reed instrumer ts. | have not had the time in
the laboratory to prepare the other methods in
a form suitaple for demonstration.’’

Between the production of melodicus tones
and the elaboration of an instrument capable
of performing music there isa wide gap, as Dr.
Thaddeus Cahill discovered in working cut his
remarkable invention the telharmonium. To
bridge the gap required years of patient experi-
ment and skillful construction in his Helyoke
factory. He began where Mr. De Forest does,
with the electrical production of beautiful tones,
but the mechanical problem involved in produc.
ing a true musical instrument proved to- be
extermely complicated and difficult. ;

Mr. De Forest thinks that the audion offers
a short cut, but that is still to be seen. Per-
haps only musicians realize the complicated
nature of even a very simple piece of music,
or the extent to which the pleasure it gives de-
pends upon minute difference of tone quality
and fine chade of expression. And not even
the musician, unless a student of acoustics,
comprehends the number and the subtlety of
the complicated series of vibrations on which
tone depends.
