---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_023.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

- Prof. Milton C. Whitaker, of Columbia
University, acts inthe capacity of advising
chemical engineer to many of the big industrial
plants scattered over the county. The Euro-
pean war has stopped sc many of our chemical
imports that Professor Whitaker is to head a
special chemical engincering department at
Columbia, to train chemical experts.

B

Justice Day, of the United States Supreme
Court, is a man of small stature, a writer-in
“Everybody’s’’ observes; while his son looms
high evenamong six-footers. Recently the son
came into the Supreme Court room. Seizing
the opportunity, Justice Holmes jotted down
a note on a piece of paperand passed it along.
When it reached Justice Day, he read: ‘‘My,
the boy’s a block off the old chip, isn’t he,
Day?”’

S

Dr. Dudley A. Sargent, head of the physical
department at Harvard, and also head of one of
the largest schools in the country for physical
training for women, believes that the feminine
movement is a first class emotional outlet for
women. Formerly washtubs and spinning
wheels were an emotional outlet for the gentler
sex, but now, he believes, they get rid of their
emotional overflow by jumping fences and
campaigning for votes on the street corner.

&

Charles P. Steinmetz, sometimes described
as the world’s greatest electrician, in an inter-
view in ‘‘Collier’s’’ says that the most impor-
tant electrical and industrial problem of to-day
is ‘‘the transportation of electricity.” ‘“The
United States,’’ he says, ‘‘should be covered
with a mesh of power-transmission lines.”” The
lines, he thinks, will eventually be as perfectly
co-ordinated as are our present systems of rail-
ways, which make travel easy to every pait of
the country.

*

Senator Borah of Idaho, tells this story of
how a psychologist and mediumistic professor
was received in a small town in this State:

The professor was talking to a young society
bud about the possibilities of the journeyings
of one’s soul. ““Why, my dear voung lady,”’
he declared, ‘‘it is possible for you in your
sleep to travel to other planets in the middle
of the night.”’

“Oh, Professor!’’ she cried in evident alarm.

‘‘Not in my nightgown!”’

S5

Congressman Stephens, of California, is an
ultra- enthusiastic lodge man. He was in San
Fiancisco attending a State Masonic doings,
when the earthquake mussed things up. All
the other Masons were for catching a train
and fleeing to some place of safety, but
Stephens said naw, naw, they would go over
to the Masons Temple and finish their exercises.
Part of the temple was caved in, but they
found a room with the walls still standing and
went ahead with their ritual until soldiers came
and chased them away 4
