---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1047'
image: umpire_1916_028.jpg
issue: '6'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire Ad Column
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN There is no obligation attached to the "ad" service of this paper, but notices for publication must come through your Overseer. LOST 1 woolen glove, black with red band. finder please return to B 6092. 6 G. (6) FOR SALE—Ladies' hand-crocheted Irish linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies' hand crocheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx) FOR SALE—Clothes ‘brushes, hair brushes and shoe brushes with inlaid backs: 35cts. to $1.50. B 1381, 7B. (**) OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood, any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49) FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates, etc., framed. Send your number with request to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (52) FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all for $3. B 5808, 1B. a) TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3 B. FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20 pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700 pieces, One magnificent collection of violin solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173 7 G (3) FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown wool on frame 7x2 1/2 ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391, 7 G. (4) WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry made to order, also fine engraving done. Work first-class. B 7945, 7G. (2) For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workmanship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery (3) For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex glass for Lorillard's coupon enlargements, $1.25 Enlargements made and framed $2.60 B 7243, 7th Block (3)For Sale—New accordion, Italian model $6.50 also Bottle with Cross enclosed beautiful Curio. $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block (3) For Sale—Guitar in good condition $1. 50 B 6294, 5th Gallery. (3) For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in good condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3) For Sale—A: pair of Canaries all ready mated up and a breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th Gallery (3)FOR SALE— Oil paintings on canvas, glass and wood, different sizes, also painting done to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5) FOR SALE—Fancy German rings; also tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices. Work guaranteed. B 6254, B7722, 7G (5) FOR SALE—3 fine singing canaries, pair now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage— all for $6, cost $10. 60. B 7680, 7 B. (5) FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric, or crepe paper, all colors, 25c. B 6894. 12 B. (5) FOR SALE E —Fancy hand painted post dads done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo enlargements in crayon 8 B. B 6829 (6) FOR SALE Violin in good condition, instruction book and 4 violin folios, all for $3. 50. Going out soon. B 7663. 12 G, (6) FOR SALE—Combination jig saw, for scroll work, or small furniture, cheap. B 7784, EG. (6) FOR SALE—Scarfs and throws of Germantown wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107, 7 B (6)