---
author: B-6863
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1064'
image: umpire_1916_032.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- parole
title: The Man on Parole
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE MAN ON PAROLE The Board of Inspectors, and the Board of Pardons at Harrisburg, last month granted pardons to 11 men who had previously been paroled from this institution. This is the largest number of paroled men who have ever been pardoned from this prison in one month. This action on the part of our Board of Inspectors should receive the unreserved commendation of every one. It compares favorably with the liberal actions of the Board in granting so many paroles in the past few months. In order that all may better understand the law relating to the pardon of paroled convicts, a copy of Section 13 of Act 275, passed by the State Legislature in 1909, is given as follows: "If it shall appear to either of the Boards of Inspectors, upon an application by a convict released on parole, that there is a reasonable probability that such applicant will live and remain at liberty without violating the law, and that it will be to the advantage of such convict that he or she be released from the terms of his or her parole, it shall be the duty of the said Board to recommend to the Governor that such convict be pardoned absolutely." It will be noted from the above, that the paroled convict must make application for pardon. However, this application should not be made immediately on receiving parole. The Board of Inspectors must watch the conduct of the paroled men for such time as may be necessary to enable them to form their judgment regarding the future actions of the man. The time required by the Board to come to a decision regarding the "reasonable probability that each applicant will live and remain at liberty without violating the law," will no doubt vary with each case, but the Board must reach a decision, favorable or adverse, in the case of each applicant, before the maximum time shall have elapsed. Besides believing that the applicant will remain a law abiding citizen, the Board of Inspectors must be assured that the pardon will work to the advantage of the convict. Unquestionably, the parole believes he will be benefitted by a pardon; otherwise, he would make no application. To most of us, it would seem that the applicant was the best judge of this matter; however, there are some unfortunates who have never learned to stand alone; others cannot stand prosperity. In both these cases; a guardian or sponsor becomes necessary and is of real value to the man on parole, for he not only gives good advice, but assists in freeing his client, when unjustly accused of: other crimes. Under these conditions, it is believed that every man of average mentality, paroled from this institution, can earn the right to a pardon and be actually pardoned, provided he leads a clean, sober life, and ‘is industrious and law abiding on parole. B 6863