---
author: B-8432
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1066'
image: umpire_1916_032.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' program'
- ' '
title: H. & F. Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

H. & F. CLUB NOTESBy A 8432, B 7927 Last Saturday being a holiday no entertainment was giving. This week the 6th Block and Gallery, and 12 Block 1st and 2nd Galleries go out, the new program by "Troupe No 3," is as follows. 1—Overture (Selected) By H and F Orchestra: 2—Handy andy Co. (Comedy Sketch,) by 7369 5509. 3—Old Black Joe Co.(Song and Nonsense,) by 7725 6476 6807 6961 5832 6260 7863 4—Ventriloquist By 7294. 5—Musicial and Specialty gymastic act By 6650. 6—Selections By (H and F Orchestra.) 7—Comedy Sketch (The Suffragette) By 7478 6692. 8—Musical Specialty By 5463 6327 6975 76°35. 9—The Doctors Boy, (Comedy Sketch) By 7601 6784 76C9 7462 7195 7805. 10—Vocal Selections, By the H. and F. Club Quartette. 11—Selections, By H. and F. Club Orchestra. 12—March; Exit, the H. and F. Orchestra. The entire program is full of songs and music from start to finish, with surprises and plenty of fun thrown in, and the various talent participating certainly deserves a great deal of credit, as the present show is with a doubt the best so far this winter. The orchestra has also been practicing very hard under the supervision of our very able "Musical director" B 6252 and have added quite a number of new pieces, to their already large, repertoire they have also received several new musicians into the orchestra which has made a wonderful improvement, and have been extremely fortunate in securing the services of Mr. Sam McKenty, who has volunteered to play the ‘Trap drum," "Base drum" and the several other instruments which go with his particular position. And take it from us Sam can drum and "then some," he sure can put it across, when it comes to handling the sticks, and will make you all sit up and take notice, the next time you attend an entertainment. The entertainment committee is now getting "Troupe 4," together and would like to hear from anyone, who can sing a song, recite a piece, or do an act of any kind, if you think you have something good, send your number in let them give you a try-out.