---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_023.jpg
---
IN LIGHTER VEIN

“Do vou ever wake up vour wife getting in
late nights?””

“Never.”’

“How the deuce do you manage it?”’

‘‘She is never asleep.”’

S

“So,”” said Rob, “your engagement to Maud
is broken off, is it? Why I thought she just
doted on vou.”’

“So she did,”’ answered Tom,
father proved to be an antidote.”’

& ;

Wife (angrily:) Just look at the time! This
morning you got home at 2 o’clock, and here
it is again after midnight.

Husband: Well, you know, m’dear, it's
against my rule to come home twice the same
day.

“‘but her

S
Pretty Cashier: You might give me a holi-
day to recruit my health. My beauty is be-
ginning to fade.
Manager: What makes you think so?
Pretty Cashier: The men are beginning to
count their change. "

K

Old Lady (having run upon a street fight;)
Dear, dear! Can you tell me what’s going on
up there, my man? :

Noncombatant: Ho, nufink, mum, only the

loke wot works the steam roller wants us
coves to call 'im a chaufteur.

“Do you believe that there is really some-
thing which can invariably tell when a man is

. )”
lying:

“J] know it.”’

“Ah, perhaps you have seen one of the in-
struments.”’

“Qeen one? I married one.”’

=

“John” demanded the wife of her intoxi-
cated spouse, ‘‘how did you get that gash on
your forehead?”’

“Guess I must ’a’ bit myself.

«Bit vourself!"” scornfully. “How could you
bite yourself way up there?”’

“Guess I must 'a’ stood on a chair.”

S
Mrs. Browning had a new servant girl name-
ed Annie.
“Annie,”’ said the mistress, ‘‘did you put
the clothes in soak?”’
“0Oi did not,”” answered Annie; ‘‘did you

want me to, Mum?”’

“Why, certainly,”” was the reply.

“Vety well, Mum,’’ said Annie.

About two hours later Annie presented her--
self ‘to her mistress.

“Oi hev put thim clothes in soak, Mum,’
she said, “but the pawnbroker wud give me
only chew dollars on the whole outfit. Here be
th’ money, Mum, an’ its sorry Oi am thot ye
bees so harrud up.”’
