---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_006.jpg
---
GOVERN YOURSELF

The subject of self-control is well presented
in the following article from the New Era:

‘“The best governed city is the cleanest, and ~

its people are the healthiest and happiest. It
1s the s<ame with the individual. The object of
government is to get people to be clean and
right, and, if possible, each one to govern him-
self.

To govern oneself, good judgment and a cer-
tain amount of executive ‘ability are essential
at the outset. One must stop and think before
acting rashly. This soon becomes a habit that
stands one in good stead. One must be able to
consider things wisely. He may not be able to
do this at first, but if he persists earnestly,
wisdom will come to his assistance. Trying to
exercise good judgment, is the way to attain
that quality. It developes it. Practice observ-
ing foolish acts of others and their following re.
sults, then avoid duplicating them. Learn to
examine both sides cf a question that presents
iteelt to you. Put yourself in the other fellow’s
place before you condemn him. The habit of
considering things seriously brings about a
thoughtful attitude, and nearly all wrong-doing

comes from thoughtlessness. A man may plan

a crime, but he will not commit it, if he thinks _

well over the probable consequences. So that
among the most deliberate sinners, thought-
lessness is a prominent tr.it.

Theiefore, rule yourself calmly and judici-
ously at all times. Why run to ask for the judg-
ment of another before you have at leist tried
to judge the proposition vourself? It
time to do so, whereupon you ca. compare
your self judgement with his and sec¢c wherein
you failed. There is a profit in knowing that.
All this self-training and self-ruling brings up
very naturally as to the accumulation of good
horse sense. Itit is well to imitate those who
do better and get on better than vourself, but
beware of imitating their faults. Shakespeare
said, “Assume a viitue if you have: it not,”’
which is clever, but in-doing so one ‘is liable
to get tangled up with some pet vice that be-
longs to manyia virtuous one. By always try-
ing to improve upon vourself, you get into the
habit of properly ruling yourself. Many very
desirable things: then follow. Among others,
vou get eut of prison, and STAY QUT.”
