---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '1107'
image: umpire_1916_038.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' National Geography Society'
title: The French "Pittsburgh"
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE FRENCH "PITTSBURGH" An interesting account of Lens, toward which the French recently made a tremendous drive on their way northeastward in the direction of Lille, forms the subject of the primer on war geography issued by the National Geography Society :— "Lens is a strong iron and steel center. Its great iron foundries supplied considerable part of the French trade in peace times, and its engineering works ranked high among similar industries. There is also a large factory for the production of steel cables among its establishments. The place is not upon the tourist's map of France, however, for it is a strictly modern business town, and, before the Germans lines passed over and beyond it, was full of restless energy, of the unlovely noise and grime of factories, and of the unattractive commonplaces of labor and commerce. "The region all around is an industrial one. Through this district of the department of Pass de Calais run large coal fields. Lens is one of the centers of coal mining. The town is situated thirteen miles north-northeast of Arras, around which later place the French and Germans have been fighting with increasing bitterness for months. It is connected by French line railways with Arras and St. Pol and Bethume, in the south-east and east, and with Lille, twenty-five miles to the northeast. Lille is a railway center and a manufacturing town of first importance. Lens had just before the present war a population of 28,000. "Lens has had an eventful history, as all those cities have had which are scattered through the important northern and northeastern parts of France. Its grounds were frequently fought over during the wars of the fifteenth, sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. The outstanding occurrence in its military history was the great battle fought in its neighborhood by the French and the Spaniards in 1648, in which Louis 11 of Bourbon, Prince of Conde, gained the victory for the French.