---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '1110'
image: umpire_1916_039.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- humor
- ' hearsay'
title: Just Mere Mention
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

JUST MERE MENTION Mr. E. St Elmo Lewis who resigned his position with the Burroughs Adding Machine Company to become general manager of the Art Metal Construction Company was, a few years ago, an office clerk. Mr. Lewis is now considered one of the best business writers in the world. ***It is said that ex-Congressman and ex-Mayor John F. Fitzgerald of Boston, did not get his nickname "Honey Fitz" because of his smooth Ways in politics or sweet even disposition while campaigning and otherwise vote hunting. Long before he was singing "Sweet Adeline" everywhere on all occasions without the least provocation, when rag-time and coon-songs were popular, he used to sing an old cake-walk melody that had something to do with the words "Ma Honey" in the chorus. ***Those who have read "Richard Carvel?' know that fencing plays a prominent part in Winston Churchill's first big novel, and experts agree that what he wrote about it is technically perfect. This is because that sturdy author's favorite amusement and exercise is fencing. When he was a student at Annapolis he excelled in it and nothing pleases him better now than to take down a pair of foils and have a friendly go with some one who is skillful. Whenever he is writing he goes about it as though he were a factory employe, starting in every morning at eight o'clock and working until one. He is as careful to beat his writing at eight o'clock sharp as any industrious mechanic is about being at his bench on time. But after he has put in five ‘solid hours of writing, if he can have someone join him for twenty minutes or so at fencing, he is perfectly happy. ***A Member of Congress made a speech on a particularly dreary subject one afternoon. Dry "as the subject was, however, the man spoke in impassioned tone, pounded the table, waved his arms like semaphores, and carried on generally. One would have thought he was pleading to save the only son and sole support of a widowed mother from being shot at sunrise. When he had finished, the emotional member happened to take a seat near Representative C. B. Smith, of Buffalo, N. Y. and he asked what he thought of the speech. "It was all right," Smith replied without enthusiasm. "Now, tell me the truth," persisted the other member. I should like your frank opinion.""Well" said Smith, "you know I used to be a newspaper man, and a long time ago I found that it was unwise to. place a seven-column headline on an unimportant Because then there's nothing bigger to use. when something really important happens. It's the same way, I look at it, with speeches."