---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '1111'
image: umpire_1916_039.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- wonders
- ' geography'
title: An Unusual River
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

AN UNUSUAL RIVER Westerners tell of the queer behavior and changes of course indulged in by the Missouri River, and Texans aver that for pure cussedness and general fickleness no stream of water can approach the Rio Grande. There is, however, a stream in New England, where of the rest of the country hears little, which should, in plain justice, be accorded a place in the list of queer behaving bodies of water. This is the North River in Massachusetts. It has its source in a pond near Hanson, whence it proceeds in a tortuous course to the sea at Scituate. Now the distance, by air line, from Hanson to Scituate is only ten miles; but by the North River it is forty. New Englanders aver that, when the tide is coming in, the North River runs upstream, and not only that, but the upper part of it, which is fresh water, also runs up. Thus; this queer stream presents the strangest spectacle of a fresh water river proceeding up hill. The North Rivers' claim to eccentricity is, not, however, limited to this fact. It is so crooked that it doubles itself. At one spot near Hanove this river, by accomplishing three loopes, moves toward the sea for a distance of only fifty feet, and wanders about for a distance of fifteen miles in doing it. In November, 1898, the North River got very cantankerous. It moved its mouth three miles to the Northward, thus making a present to the town of Marshfield, of a deep hard or. In so doing it killed three men and converted about two hundred thousand acres of good meadow land into a saltmarsh. Historically, the North River is of note as being the scene of the last Indian raid on the coast settlements.