---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_024.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘“ad” service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer. = : - .

FOR SALE—Ladies’ hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro- -
cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On:
sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx)

LOST—Fountain pen. If found please re-
turn to 1st Block Overseer.

FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. ()

OIL: PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood,
any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)
FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (62)
FOR SALE—Dainty silk or velvet pin cush-

ions gaily trimmed, in all colors; 25 cents each.
B 7237, 6 B. : (52)

FOR SALE—3 pictures 20x24 inches, and 36

Passe Partout pictures. Price reasonable.
B 6303, 9 B. (52)

FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all
for $3. B 5808, 1 B. (1)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable ﬁrﬂates.
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin

solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
G 4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
(2)

For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery 3)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargments, %1 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.:0 B 7243,
(thiblocls S8 T S i SN

For Sale—New accordion, Italian todel $6 50
also Bottle with Cross enclosed * beautiful
Curio. $1. 00 B 7794, 10 Block - (3

For Sale—Guitar in good condition 7$1. 50
B 6294, 5th Gallery. . i)

For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in g»o‘d ‘1'
condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3) _'

For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mated
up and a breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th
Gallery sl Neihos

FOR SALE—Violin and bow, Strad model,
$2‘-':.),,',)_'.,..,.G,“ing out. . B 5517 7G. (5)

FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass
and wood, different sizes, alsu painting done
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings;also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722. 7G (5)

FOR SALE—=3 ﬁne singing Vcanvaries, pair
now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680, 7B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric,
or crepe paper, all colors, 25¢c. B 6894. 12 B, (5)
