---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '1120'
image: umpire_1916_041.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- music
- ' concert'
- ' Philadelphia'
title: Greatest Musical Event In American History
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

GREATEST MUSICAL EVENT IN AMERICAN HISTORY Takes Place at' Academy of Music in Phildelphia, Where Mahler‘s 8th Symphony Was PerformedOne of the greatest musical events in history, took place at the Academy of Music in this city, on Friday night last week. The occassion was the production of Gustav Mahler's Eight Symphony, with Leopold Stokowski as conductor. Those who were under his splendid leadership in the stupendous undertaking, were' the Philadelphia Chorus of 400 voices and a Childrens chorus of 150, the Mendelssohn Club, the Philadelphia Choral Society, and Fortnightly Club of "400 voices, and the Philadelphia Orchestra composed of 110 players and eight soloists; making a total of 1068 performers of which 958 were singers. This delightful event will go down in history as one of the occasion that help to make Philadelphia and its ‘music* loving citizens famous. Mr. Stukowski has been very desirous of presenting this beautiful symphony since 1910, when he was admitted to the rehearsals at Munich, in that year. "I have often wondered, says Mr. Stokowski, just what would be the sensations of the first white man who came suddenly face to face with the great Falls of Niagara. Undoubtedly some thing of the same feeling of awe—the flashing insight into infinity—I felt before this mighty art-work a Mahler." The performance at the Academy, was presented for the first time in this country; the last previous production being at Berlin, on May 171912. In all, but three times in its history. Lack of space in these columns prevents adequate description of this musical marvel being given, and it is said that never before has there been assembled at one time and place such a large gathering of well known musicians and music loving people as were present at the Academy, on this occasion. "To Leopold Stokowski, as a premier conductor, the musicians and the splendid chorus, is due unqualified praise for the successful production of this notable work of art. "Two years of incessant ‘labor has been rewarded with a deserving tribute of praise and appreciation from all who were in attendance. At the close of the magnificent performance, there occurred a demonstration of enthusiastic approval from the audience that is seldom experienced by anyone in this great world of ours. Mr. Stokowski has proven his right to the title of Premier Conductor, by the production of this master-piece of art.