---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_025.jpg
---
THINKS IMPRISONMENT IS
PUNISHMENT ENOUGH

Warden McKenty Says Kindness Will

Lessen Criminal Tendencies

These were some of the ideas expressed by
Robert J. McKenty, Warden of the Eastern
Penitentiary, at a large meecting of the Wo-
man’s Club of Bala and Cynwyd, held recently
in the Cynwyd clubhouse.

In addressing the assemblage the Warden
said:

“You can kill criminal tendencies in a man
with kindness when the use of brute force only
makes him worse. Most keepers of prisons
think a prisoner should be punished in addition
to his imprisonment. I think imprisonment
itself is punishment enough.”’

Mr. McKenty, who invited his hearers to in-
spect the penitentiary at any time, discussed
penology from the standpoint of the human-
itarian. In his remarks he paid a compliment-
ary tribute to ex-Warden Osborne, of Sing
Sing Prison, and told of an incident that oc-
"~ curred a short time ago in that connection. He
and Osborne had a discussion at the Contemp-
orary Club, regarding McKenty’'s methods.
Another man, a friend of Osborne, joined in
the chat. So Warden McKenty invited them
to visit the kastern Penitentiary. They came
the next day, hut said they were in a hurry
and could only stay a few minutes.

‘‘Nodody can get out of here without the
permission of the warden,”” McKenty told
Osborne and his companion, “‘and you fellows
are going to stay until you can make a thoro
inspection and see how well things are run
here.”” And he made them do it.

‘I heard a minister remark once,’”” Warden
McKenty added, ‘‘that the slums inevitably
lead to the penitentiary. I was raised in the
slums and I guess he was right, after all, be-
cause I got to the place finally, although not
in the way the minister meant.”’
