---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '1139'
image: umpire_1916_043.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' Varna'
- ' wonders'
title: The Fine Seaport Of Varna
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE FINE SEAPORT OF VARNA Varna, the latest port city to feel the burdens of war, Bulgaria's Black Sea port, is thus described in a war primer issued by the National Geographic Society:—"Varna is the first seaport of Bulgaria. It is situated in the north, near the present boundary of Rumania, on the Bay of Varna, a capacious, sheltered inlet of the Black Sea. It is connected by rail with all of the important regions of the country which it has long served as principal outlet. It possesses an incomparably finer harbor than Dedeagatch, the Aegean port of Bulgaria, from whose development so much future advantage is expected. It lies within easy steaming distance of Russia's naval port Sevastopol, being about 300 miles distant. "The port is the third city of the Kingdom, tanking after Sofia and Philippopolis, and it has been strongly fortified. It has played an important part in Burgaria's military history, as the chief point in the so called ‘Varna quadrilateral' which formed the basis of Bulgaria's defense toward the north and east before the loss of Dobrudja to Rumania after the Treaty of Bucharest. The quadrilateral was composed of Varna, Shumla, Rutschuk and Silistria. Silistria is now well within the Rumanian frontier, close upon the Danube. Rustchuk, Shumla and Varna now form a triangle of fortresses, stretched along the northeastern Bulgarian frontier. "Varna is 325 miles by rail east-north-east of Sofia, the capitol. It is connected with Rustchuk, in the northwest, and with Sofia, west, by trunkline railways, while branches connect it with central and southern parts of the Kingdom. The railway from Rustchuk was opened in 1867, and with its coming began the city's prosperity. Borgas, south of Varna, has given it strenuous competition during recent years. "The city is built on the hilly northern shore of the bay, which besides offering peculiar facilities for defense, makes it very picturesque. At its foot, the River Devna cuts through the mountains to the sea, and all around the hills shut in the valley and the port. Despite considerable modern effort at improvement, the city plainly shows its age, and its irregular, ill-paved streets, lined with outworn buildings, breathe the peace of a forgotten valley. Several industries, however, have penetrated to the city, and modern restlessness and modern smartness stands just before, as the prosperity of the Kingdom and of its first port grows. Varna has a population of about 38,000.