---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '1159'
image: umpire_1916_046.jpg
issue: '11'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- football
- ' advice'
title: Just Had To Win
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

JUST HAD TO WIN At one of the practice games of a well known football team, a big tackle had been brought over to the field from one of the tryout teams, to have his first "go" with the "big ones." He entered the game and succeeded well until the other side had the ball. Then he failed in what was expected of him. He failed to "break through." The coach at this point stopped the game and stepped over to him and said: "What is the trouble? Why don't you get through?" he said. "The man opposite me is not playing fair. He is holding me," said the tackle. "If he holds you again I'll put you off the field!" flashed back the coach.To be sure, as the tackle said, it is against It is when we permit the mind to wander the rules to hold an opponent unless he has the back to past illusions or difficulties, that a ball, but the coach wanted results and not excuses. His position was that a man ought some how to break away; that no man must let himself be held. Which is true. No one ought to let himself be held. Though the excuse may be excellent, a player who permits himself to be held is put out of the game as effectively as though he were off the field. Those who accomplish things worth while in this world of strife, are those who will not let themselves be held back. Though there may always be things enough to impede them, which might furnish excellent ground for excuses, they simply should not allow the mind to harbor the idea of an excuse for being held.