---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_026.jpg
---
CONSCIENCE AND THE MAN

Not long ago an inmate of Sing Sing prison
who was implictily trusted, managed to elude
detection and make his escape. This man had
friends in “‘the big city’” (N. Y.) who furnished
him with money, clothes and an automobile to
make good his ‘‘get-away’’ from the State.

He was told that all: he had to do was to

jump aboard and make the best time possible

to a distant city in the West, where he could
take on a new birth of freedom. At this point
of his adventure something happened. His
conscience began to prick him. I reminded
him that his escape would have a serious re-
flection on those who were still behind the stone
walls, and especially the Mutual W'el,flare
League, who would be mistrusted because of
his action. Nor mould it stop there; it would
include the entire number of prisoners which
he had left behind in his selfish disregard of
their interests and privileges. Findally the
“heart burning’’ became so strong that Tony
Mareno passed up the chance and apparent
prospect of liberty in a distant city, and re-
turned to the prison, giving himself up to the
authorities who had trusted him.in the past.

One of the most encouraging circumstances
in connection with this affair -was its apparent
lack of peculiarity. The prison from which he
escaped undoubtedly holds many other men,
who under similar circumstances would do the
same thing he did.

This opens the way for us to point out the
fact that it is a serious error to assume that
because a man is lodged in jail, that he has
forfeited all that is good or honorable. Far
from it. Because his normally good resolu-
tions were broken down, or that a host of heart
trying circumstances had temporarily warped
his mentality from its normal trend of thought
and sense cf reason and propriety, it does not
by any means follow that his integrity also
died, and that his sense of shame was forever
paralized.

The time.for such reasoning has past, as has
- the days of the ‘‘strong arm,’’ the. club and
silence. Modern thought has advanced a the-

ory that a prison is for regeneration as well as
for incarceration. Iron bars and stone walls
do not a prison make—at least they do not
bar the mind and heart from high aim and no-
ble impulse. The era is now at hand where
the enlightened administrator of a penal insti-
tution believes it to be his duty to send forth
better men into the world, where they may re-
habilitate themselves. N
