---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '1204'
image: umpire_1916_052.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- baseball
- ' gossip'
title: Echoes Of Baseball
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ECHOES OF BASEBALL We are glad to hear that so far this season Joe Oeschger, of the Phils, has shown a fine fast ball. It is reported that the Phils will use Cravath in right field next season. We print the rumor for what it is worth. They say that Jack Nabors is so thin that he never bothers using a key to his room, but crawls in and out via the keyhole. From recent reports we learn that Joe Tinker is so busy fining and suspending his players that he has little time for managing. It is reported that Frank Baker has fully recovered from the injuries to his hand, and has started to hit them in his old time form. Pat Moran immediately put his big squad of pitchers on a diet of raw meat, on hearing that Bennie Kauff had joined the Giants. It is said that the players have the movie fever. When Joe Bush wanted a new ball he -called to the bench, "Throw me anew roll of film.Some one wispered that manager Mack was anxious to suppress the news that he barred golf on the trip, lest he be dropped from membership in his own club. Some one said that if owner Weeghman, of the Cubs, can get his army of stockholders to attend games at his park he will make more money in 1916, than the Du Ponts. No one questions that Bennie Kauff is an amazingly clever ball player, but so far his phiz cannot be discerned on any of Uncle Sam's two-cent stamps. The thoroughness of Manager Mack is shown by the fact that he has Kid McCoy training with the team to help infuse the fighting spirit. It is reported that Ira Thomas is having no trouble to get into shape. After a week of hard work he has dropped from 231 to 230½ pounds. He is confident of being down to 229 by the time the season starts. No doubt Weldon Wyckoff will welcome the infielders and outfielders when they arrive on Monday. The Mack pitcher says he wants a chance to greet somebody who isn't after his job. They say that Catcher Murphy is on record as saying that a pick and shovel at $2.00 per days looks better to him than a big league job if he has to come south every year by the sea sick route.