---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_026.jpg
---
LINCOLN'S FONDNESS FOR BOOKS

On the twelth of this month there will be
celebrated the anniversary of Abrahamn Lin-
coln’s birth. It recalls to mind the estimate
of a prominent author who is justly keen

in praise of the “‘intellectual giant.”” Dilating
upon Lincoln’s mental  development the
writer refers to his predilection for

books, and goes on to say that he was one of
the most prefectly developed men intellectually
and morally which this country has produced.
He had the power which is the highest end of
education—that is, the power to think out to a
logical conclusion the problem which life
brought to him, and to express these conclu-
sions in language which the simplest could
understand, and which at the same time was
distinguished in style and most effective in con-
vincing and moving men.

In the description of Lincoln’s fondness for
books we read that ‘“‘The Bible, ‘Aesop’s
Fables’, ‘Robinson Crusoe’, Pilgrim’s Pro-
gress,’” ‘History of the United States,” and
Weens’ ‘Life of Washington’ comprised the
store of reading matter in the community in
which he lived, and when young Lincoln had
exhausted this he began to borrow from a dis-
tance. He once told a f{riend that there was
not a bouk he had not read within a radius of
fifty miles of his boyhood home. Thecharacter
of the book seems to have made little difference
to him. The legends say that he walked as far
to get a treatisc of law as to get a volume of
poetry or biography.”’

He did not simply read the books; he ab-
sorb them, copying long extracts, making them
literally his own—something which he could
and did recite as he followed the plow, and
which furnished him material for the long dis
cussions he sought with every passing neighbor,

“When his boyhood was past and he had
entered upon that career of Jack-of-all-trades
which he was forced to pursue until he was
nearly 25 years old, hecontinued to read much
in the intervals of railsplitting, flatboating,
storekeeping, acting as village postmaster and
deputy surveyor. In this period of life he
made a through and critical acquaintance with
Shakespeare and Burns. It is rarely ineeed
that is found so well versed in
Shakespeare as Lincoln was. He¢ could quote
pages from many of the plays and had a "very
clear and intelligent opinion of the meaning of
difficult passages. ' He was foud of seeing the
plays acted, and while in Washington as Presi-
dent of the United States, never missed a Shake-
speatean play if he could help it. Often he
sent for the leading actor after it was over
and discussed the arrangement of the play,
amazing his auditors by his knowledge.””
