---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '1218'
image: umpire_1916_053.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- King's Daughters
- ' notice'
- ' pardon'
title: The Mission Of The King's Daughters.
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

The Mission of the King's Daughters.For some time past the members of the Prison Chapter of the King's Daughters have delt that the prisoners do not correctly understand their mission. At the request of the President this explanation is sent to "The Umpire" that all may have the opportunity of learning the true nature of the work. The King's Daughters are permitted by the Warden to visit the prisoners with but one object in view; to bring cheer and courage into lives that are of necessity for a time cut off from comradeship with the outer world, and to help them believe that even within prison walls faith and hope can gain entrance. It is nor in the power of the Kings Daughters to seek to obtain pardons, or to interfere in any way with the discipline of the prison. The words are written only in a spirit of kindness, and with a sincere desire to correct a misunderstanding and also with a wish to assure the prisoners that the work is for the furtherance of the rules and regulations prescribed by the Warden and officials of the prison, and cooperation in all that will tend to bring about a truer understanding by the prisoners, that all things may work together for good.Mrs. Robert S. BrighChairman of the Correspondence Committee of Prison Chapter of King's Daughters.