---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '1221'
image: umpire_1916_054.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' prison'
- ' prison reform'
- ' mail'
- ' letterss'
title: Unlimited Mail Once More
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

UNLIMITED MAIL ONCE MORE A subject that is receiving much attention of late and which seems to be winning stronger support from many sources, is that of unlimited mail for the men behind "grey walls." So far as we are able to see there is no substantial reason why this privilege should longer be withheld from prison inmates of good deportment. A prominent writer recently commented on this subject in one of the periodicals in which he says: "There seems to be an idea that if a prisoner is allowed to communicate with the outside world, something wrong will result. In most prisons an inmate is permitted to write a letter only once a month. He can, however, receive what ever mail is sent to him providing it is proper mail for him to receive." We note the word proper. If that means simply communications of immoral or degrading character, we say all right and well. So be it. But if its meaning is stretched so to cover the censors particular attitude of mind toward an inmate we believe it to be a decided injustice to the prisoner, to say the least. "In the past, prisoners mail has been known to have disappeared without apparent reason for such occurrence." In one instance this condition continued until the matter was taken to court where it was promptly decided that "mail sent to prisoners was as legally inviolate as if addressed to a free man. But the writing and mailing of letters—excepting as stated—is still held in obeyance in most penal institutions. Continuing the writer goes on to say, that so far as he is able to find out, there is no law in the United States that forbids a prisoner the free use of the U.S. mails. "Unquestionably the with holding of mailing privileges from prisoners is a refinement of the old-time idea of punishment, repression and suppression, and the belief that any man who communicates with the outer world is going to do so for reasons of contumacy, conspiracy and contravention." Undoubtedly this attitude of mind toward prison mail was held by many, but as we are now approaching a new era of betterment in prison conditions and privileges, let us hope that one of the first matters to be corrected in the immediate future will be that of unlimited mail.