---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '1230'
image: umpire_1916_055.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- humor
- ' hearsay'
title: Just Mere Mention
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

JUST MERE MENTION Cornelius Vanderbilt is industrious and inventive as well as wealthy. He has worked out plans for the improvement of locomotive machinery. Vesta Tilly, popular favorite of the vaudeville stage, has never appeared on the stage in feminine attire. At five years of age, as "Tiny Tilly," she made her debut in the full evening dress of a man, and sang songs. Since then it has been man's dress exclusively that she has worn before the footlights. In private life, she is Mrs. Walter de Freece, wife of her manager. It is said that Howard Lindsay, stage manager of Margaret Anglin, is one of the best informed men in the country on things theatrical. Strangely enough, he prefers to talk and write of architecture. If the movies ever should crush the legitimate drama, Mr. Lindsay could stage cities as well as he now stages plays. And speaking of movies, he took his turn at directing in them, too. The retirement of "Buffalo Bill," who can no longer shoot as straight as he could, recalls his own story at the expense of a French Count who came to hunt on his cattle ranch. "What luck?" asked Colonel Cody, when the Frenchman returned empty-handed. "Vair good," exclaimed the Count, smiling with pleasure. "Ze bairds were too difficile, but of ze wild cows and calves you will find seven dead near ze water-hole Robert J Burdette when a boy was lecturing his younger brother, John, one evening about sleeping with his mouth wide open. "Johnny," said Bob, "you will never live to be married if you sleep with your mouth open. You'll die of consumption if you don't stop." But you sleep that way sometimes," replied John. "Yes, that's true," replied Bob; "but whenever | find myself sleeping that way, with my mouth open, I get up and shut it" Ed. Crillo, a well-known writer, used to play poker, and when he played he became completely engrossed in the game. One evening he was playing on the top floor of a Washington building, when a fire broke out. Somebody in the card room saw the ho ewagon backing up out in front, and remarked: "There seems to be a fire here pretty close." "Yes" murmured Grillo. "It's your deal." A few moments later the door opened and an excited colored attendant said: "Gempmen, y'all bettah git out. Th' buildin's on fire." Grillo turned upon the man rather savagely and commanded: "You shut that door, and keep the smoke out o' here, or I'll break your neck!"