---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '1243'
image: umpire_1916_057.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Pancho Villa
- ' Mexico'
- ' war'
title: Villa Eludes U.S. Troops Under Colonel Dodd
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

VILLA ELUDES U.S. TROOPS UNDER COLONEL DODDOutlaw Chief said to have leg amputatedFrom Columbus, N. M. it was reported that hopes of the American cavalrymen under Colonel George A. Dodd, of finding Villa among the snow-clad slopes of the Continental Divide are based on the discovery of the track of carriage wheels in a mountainous waste near here.These, it is believe, may have been made by the vehicle which carried away the injured leader. Even since they defeated the Villa commander at San Geronimo ranch with heavy losses last Wednesday, the American cavalry msn have searched ceaselessly for the bandit leader; but up to late no definite information concerning his whereabouts has reached this camp.Villa has disappeared in a way which, considering he relentlessness of the American pursuit, seems mysterious. The American troops have not encountered any natives who will even admit they have seen Villa. Every gorge, canyon, trail and watering place in the mountainous passes in this vicinity, is being watched by American air scouts or searched by cavalrymen in hope of discovering the bandit's hiding place. The aviators also are keeping the column informed as to the movements of the scattered remanents of the band. Hope is expressed that one of these, at least, may attempt to rejoin their chief and thus lead the American forces to his hiding place.Latest reports from Mexico state that Villa has lost a leg, according to a dispatch received by the War Department from the municipal president of the town of Chihuahua, who reports that Villa was so badly wounded in the surprise attack recently made on the constitutionalist garrison at Guerrero that amputation of the limb was necessary.