---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '1248'
image: umpire_1916_057.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- news
- ' navy'
- ' war'
title: Safety For U.S. Lies In Big Ships
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

SAFETY FOR U.S. LIES IN BIG SHIPSIt Would be a "Bloodless Victory" In Case of War Says RooseveltWith the statement that dreadnoughts have won the greatest victory of the European war, without firing a shot, Assistant Secretary of the Navy Roosevelt faced the House Naval Committee. With enough dreadnoughts, he said, the United States would win a "bloodless victory" in a war. "Today the United States is richer and weaker than ever in its history, in comparison with other Powers," Mr. Roosevelt said, explaining that the nation has great potential resources, but a "handful of an army" and a Navy weaker than several Powers for immediate defense. By keeping the foe's fleet off the seas, Mr. Roosevelt said, the British dreadnoughts had attained the aim for which they were built.That there is a possibility, at least, of this nation becoming involved in war with a victor in Europe was asserted by Mr. Roosevelt. He pictured disaster in a war with a fleet twice as strong, expressing belief that the United States fleet would be wiped out, the Panama Canal and United States possessions lost and the nation "bottled up" and open to invasion. In reply to a suggestion that European belligerents will be exhausted at the close of the war and be little inclined to continue arming, Mr. Roosevelt said:"It is entirely problematic. But judging by history, the best guess is that they will continue."Mr. Roosevelt explained that the recommendation eight ships immediately represented his personal views, and not those of the Department.