---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_027.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

Cincinnati gave a warm ~welcome to James
Whitcomb Riley, the Hoosier poet, recently
when he passed through the city on his way
South for the winter. Among other displays
of affectionate regard, five thousand children
from the public and parochial schools assem-
bled in Music Hall and sang and recited some
of Mr. Riley’s verse.

2%

‘A famous and oracular Spaniard, Baltasar
Gracian,’’ says ‘‘Collier’s Weekly,”’ ““writing
on worldly wisdom, has declared that a man in
the zenith of his development may be known
by the purity of his taste, the clearness of his
thought, the maturity of his judgment, the
firmness of his will.”” To this enumeration of
fine qualities the writer adds: ‘‘“That man we
believe to be at his highest point who, upor’l
attaining the top of his ambition (or upon not
attaining it), sees the true value of all mun-
dane ambition and turns his energies toservice
and self-sacrifice.”’

g

Senator Moses Clapp, of Minnesota, loves to
tell a good story, which is much to the pleasure
of his friends. He relates this one abouta pair
of Swedish constituents who keep bachelor
quarters in a houseboat. One of the pair
awoke one fine morning to fin that their home
had broken loose from its mooring and had
drifted down the river a few miles. In great
excitement, he awoke his companion.

““You, get up!’”’ he yelled. “We ain’t here;
we ain't here, I tell you! We ’bout four miles
from here!”

S

The much talked of Senator from Ohio,
Burton, said to be the most solemn of Senators—
with the sole exception of his colleague, Sen-
Pomerene—was s‘tf'olling along a Washington
thoroughfare one morning past a musical con-
servatory where some well-intentioned voung
woman, whose folks have money, was evidently
endeavoring to learn to sing. '

Burton listened to the weird sounds ema-
nating from the place, and then, with a cad
shake of his head, observed sympathetically:

““There is, indeed a lot of trouble in this old
world, isn’t there?’’

H

‘Representative Martin B Madden of I!linois,
is a_.connoisseur of art, and has the walls of
his office covered with fine etchings and en-
gravings. Not long ago he went to a little art
shop and left ‘an order for a small engraving of
“Apollo and the Muses ”’ - The clerk said they
would order it. In a week Madden went back
and the clerk informed him that there wasn't
any such picture.

“Why, ‘Apollo and the Muses’ is well known
the world over,”” said Madden; ‘“‘of course
the e’s such a picture "’

“What’s that title again?’’ acked the clerk.
“Ajollo and the Muses’? Oh-h, I thought you
ordered a picture called P..ul i the Museum.”’
