---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '1282'
image: umpire_1916_062.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- whatsbeingread
- ' criminality'
- ' prison reform'
title: The Prison Problem
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE PRISON PROBLEM The well known author and writer, H. Addington Bruce, recently contributed a very interesting article on "The Prison Problem" to a well known contemporary, from which we select the following extracts for perusal of our readers: "Varied as are the immediate causes which lead men to commit acts bringing upon them the penalty of a term in prison, their criminality is always the result of some wrong mode of thinking. "And if they are to be induced to abandon their criminal ways, so that upon their release from prison they can be trusted to lead noncriminal lives, this can be effected only by subjecting them, while in prison, to influences which shall correct their wrong mode of thinking. "Their prison life that is to say, must be educational. To be truly educational it must in the first place involve a real effort to get at the mental processes of each individual prisoner, and ascertain just why he thinks wrongly and acts criminally. "A preliminary effort of this sort is the more necessary since recent scientific research has made it certain that, while most criminals are wholly the product of improper training, some are so constituted physically that good training will not of itself reform them. "A certain proportion, indeed, have a defective brain organization. Their deficiency in this respect may be so extreme as to render lifelong custodial care imperative. "Others are handicapped by minor physical defects such as defects of nutrition, circulation, dental troubles and eye troubles. These, by causing brain weakness and nervous strain, interfere with their ability to think normally. "Consequently a through medical and psychological examination is indispensable to ascertain the presence of any exceptional conditions calling for correction by other than purely educational means. "Also an examination of this sort is of value as a weeding-out process to ascertain what prisoners should be segregated for custodial, rather than educational treatment. The hopelessly defective criminal must not be left to hamper the reformation of the great majority, who need only be trained in healthy habits of thought. "The prison problem, let me repeat, is essentially a mental problem. The modern prison should be above everything else an educational institution."