---
author: Our View Point
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '1285'
image: umpire_1916_062.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' prison reform'
title: Get Wise!
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

GET WISE! If things keep on as they have been going for the past few years, it will be much easier for an American citizen to go to jail and stay there than it will be to keep out of jail. Every now and then some individual or some clique bobs up with a brand new plan for turning some of us into criminals. The number of new ways for getting a man into jail is surprising. Wisconsin has its "eugenics," which makes it a felony for a couple to marry without undergoing a physical examination. The Illinois legislature, at its present session, will gravely consider the passage of a similar criminal statute. Other states are being asked to pass laws making it a felony for a citizen to have liquor in his home, even for medicinal purposes. One state has a law against dancing the tango. The state of Indiana's anti-cigarette law has never been repealed, and the state has as a result, several hundred thousand perfectly good citizens who could be arrested and sent to jail any day. The question is never asked whether the supposed offenses against the community are as bad as the penalties inflicted. There seems to be in the air a mania to find new ways of imprisoning American citizens, and yet, is there anything that can be as bad for the individual or the nation as a man in jail who can possibly be kept out? —Our View Point.