---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '1287'
image: umpire_1916_063.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- humor
- ' hearsay'
title: Just Mere Mention
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

JUST MERE MENTION John Muir, the noted American naturalist, is a Scotchman by birth. He is an ardnet advocate of national parks. The Muir Glacier, in Alaska, is named after him to commemorate his discovery of it. Doctor John H. Finley, Commissioner of Education for the State of New York, is a great believer in the royalty of labor; he says we ought to have a new dictionary and new poets to glorify the motorman and the district nurse. Since the death of Vice President Sherman many stories have been told to illustrate his unfailing good humor and his democratic, unassuming tastes. Late one night, when he was stopping at one of the big hotels in Washington, he telephoned down to the clerk's desk for ice water. He waited sometime; but there was no response. He called again with the same result. At last he grew impatient, took an empty pitcher, and, dressed in his pajamas, went downstairs for the water. After that the hotel service was excellent. Senator Boies Penrose of Pennsylvania is a confirmed bachelor, and one reason for his lack of interest in matrimony is his complete absorption in politics. Once a close friend advised him to marry. "Do you think it would help the organization in Pennsylvania?" asked Penrose solemnly. "Of course it would. It would make you happier and more contented, and you would do more brilliant work." "Then I'll do it," agreed Penrose. "I'll make any sacrifice for the good of the party." "Good!" said the friend enthusiastically.? "But hold on," added the Senator. "The committee will have to select the woman. I'll marry anybody who meets the approval of the State committee." When Ear! Godwin was traveling through West Virginia, during the last presidential campaign, for the purpose of writing articles on political conditions in that State, he dropped off at a promising town and went to call on the postmaster. Soon after the conversation began a big man rushed in and shouted: "Bill Jones wants five dollars for his vote!" "That's an outrage!" yelled the postmaster. "We never paid him more than three dollars before in all our lives. However, compromise with him for four dollars." "Doen't the opposition ever send detectives here to get onto the way you fellows buy votes?' asked the amazed Godwin. "Yes," said the official. "They sent six detectives down here last election day. "What did they do?" inquired Godwin. "Oh," said the postmaster in a bored manner "they got arrested for carrying consealed weapons"