---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '1297'
image: umpire_1916_065.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Pancho Villa
- ' Mexico'
- ' war'
title: Close Call For General Pershing's Escort
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CLOSE CALL FOR GENERAL PERSHING'S ESCORT Failure of Attack on U. S. Commander Due to Delay of Outlaws According to a report from General Pershing's Headquaters camp in Mexico, a band of outlaws, some mounted, some on foot concealed in the dense growth of mesquite by the roadsides, opened fire on the flying automobile squadron constituting General Pershing's escort, and then attacked the truck train bringing up the rear of the column. The officers ordered the rear trucks to form a hollow square and, lying flat in the sand, the troops of a white regiment poured lead into the mesquite, firing at the flashes made by the attacker's rifles. The firing lasted 30 minutes. The bandits shot low, sending many bullets under the trucks, kicking up dust or flattening against the iron wheels. Harry Gosnear of the autotruck train, a resident of Philadelphia, got a bullet through his hat but, there were no casualties. The darkness prevented our troops pursuing or determining what the Mexican casualties were. General Pershing had passed the scene of attack scarcely half an hour when the attack occured, thus escaping what seems to have been a planned ambush. It was about 9 o'clock in a half moonlight when the first shots passed between the windshield and seat of the first car. Captain T. E. Dood, of Aurora, IIl., had charge of the truck train, and with Lieutenant A. R. Christie, of East Orange, N. J , directed the counterattack. The scene of the attack is nearly 600 miles from the New Mexico border, and within a short distance from Carranza's troops U.S. officers consider the encounter significant.