---
author: B-7685
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '1302'
image: umpire_1916_065.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' music'
- ' baseball'
title: Music And Parade Opens Baseball Season Of 1916
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

MUSIC AND PARADE OPENS BASEBALL SEASON OF 1916 Enthusiastic Parade of the E. S. P. League Clubs and Band—This Season Expected to Prove Banner Year for the League The 1916 baseball season was officially opened here last Wednesday—thenceforth to be persued without let or hinderace until next September. The League officials, manager's, player's umpires down to the ball chasers, were released from their cells early, they then proceeded to the Storehouse, where they formed in line, behind our famous E. S P. band, headed by Pref. Weigandt. Before the parade started. A committee representing the Sporting Goods Department of Snellenberg and Co, made the presentation of a Loving Silver Cup and a handsome pennant to B 5881 Manager of the champion Ninth Block team of last season, after a word of thanks, the band and the teams following in the order they finished in the race last season, marched around the entire institution» the Ninth and Cubs dropped out of line at the Storehouse grounds and the Printers and Shed marched to the Garage ground, after the teams indulged in a short practice the Umpire's called play and the season's race was opened with a victory for the Ninth over the Cubs, while the Printers defeated the Shed in their initial combat. Without a doubt the season new opening will be a success. The manager's share that belief, and ever the more conservative fans, or at least a considerable number of them, ate inclined to be decidedly optimistic over the outlook. There has been strengthening moves galore. Beginning with the Shed, they are much stronger than last year and with the addition of another dependable twirler they will be a hard team to beat. The Printers have strengthened in all departments, they have a strong staff of pitchers, also a good hitting team and it will be had to keep them from the top. The Cubs with the "Iron man" of the league, will loss of yaller, however be very much in evidence with veteran players and Boyd and Moon ding mound duty The Ninth with the loss of such stars as Freddy and Locke, also the services of Lefty in the near future will not be as strong as last season champs, although "Peter Stevens" the hustling manager has a bunch of finds built up around his last years team and is again predicting he will win the pennant. With last years weak teams strengthened (Continued on fourth page) Baseball Opening (Continued from 1st page) and the strong one's weakened the fans can look for a much more exciting and interesting race, as every team will have to be reckoned with, it remains to be seen how they will finish when the curtian drops.—-B 7685