---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_028.jpg
---
SUNDAY HAS PURITANIC
IDEAS ABOUT AMUSEMENTS

Bitterl'yiv At'tacks ‘The Theatre, Dancing
' And Card Playing

“Billy’’ Sunday addressed a large audience
at the tabernacle in Trenton N. J. recently
and said, “that if he had followed the advice
of Thomas Keene, the tragedian, and had gone
on the stage instead of the pulpit, he would
have been a great hit.’

Keene wanted Sunday to be his underbtudv,
but Sunday decided to throw his life with God,
in the afternoon and at night he qpoke on
“amusements,” and it was a knockdown and
drag-out affair. The theatre, cards and danc-
ing came in for a severe denunciation, and the
efforts of the preacher convinced those present
that the stage had lost a great artist.

Sunday recently refused an offer of $100 to
speak for 20 minutes on ‘‘Preparedness.”” The
offet is understood to have been made by a
New York theatrical man. ‘

Mr. Sunday’s sermon was the same for both
the afternoon and evening services. The con-
ventional forms of amusements—the theatre,
card-playing and dancing—were particularly
scored, although the preacher seemed to feel
that he was going the limlt. The first to
receive the attention of the evangelist was the
theatre He referred to the large salaries that
actors get, and said some of them received $100

a night. ‘‘But just as soon as a preacher gets
a fairly large salary,” he shouted, "‘he is a
grafter.”’

. Card playing was the next of the so-called
amusements that received the attention of the
“When [ talk to you about card-
playing,”” he said, "I am trying to pound
through vour head that every pack of cards is
but another stepping stone to hell. I have just
as much respect for an old gambler who will
bet his last sou as the women who sit around
in their homes and play cardsfor prizes. They
are degenerate as the gambler in the gambling
hell. They aught to be put in the calboose
with the rest of the bunch.”

Dancing received a lacing from the preacher.
He said that every good man and woman car-
ricd in his or her breast the same passions that
bad men and

evangelist.

women carry. The dance, he

said, is the dry rot of society and it is immoral
