---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '1326'
image: umpire_1916_069.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Catholicism
- ' religious service'
- ' music'
title: Catholic Easter Service
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CATHOLIC EASTER SERVICE Once more the glorious light of an Easter morning opened the day for Catholic mass with all its attendant splendor and solemnity. Never before has this beautiful service been celebrated at this institution with the degree of excellence that distinguished that ceremony on Sunday last. On entering the Chapel attention was immediately attracted to the altar with its ornate candelabra and banks of lilies, roses and carnations in profuse array, such as would delight the eye and heart of the spiritually minded. Peter's mass in D. was sung with splendid effect by members of St Edmunds Catholic choir and other visiting talent, who generously offered their services to aid the inmate choir, and perfect the singing. The excellent training of the choir was due to the masterful efforts of Prof. Joseph Welsh, who was unspairing in his determination to attain perfect unison and harmony in the singing and orchestral effects. The mass was sung by the Rev. Father Michael A. O'Kane, S.J., the Rev. Father Jos. L. Healy, S. J., assisting in the service, with acolytes, all in full vestments. Following the communion, FatherO Kane, who was at his best, in spite of the incessant labors of Holy week, preached an excellent sermon, which strongly appealed to all present. Besides the male members of St. Edmund's church choir the singing was made perfect by the voices of Mrs. Katharine C. Slack, Mrs. Vollker, Mrs. Mary Walker, Mrs. White, Miss Mae Killion, Miss Eleanor Welsh, Miss Sarah Skinner and Miss Anna Strian. At the close of the service, Father O'Kane expressed his appreciation and thanks to the visiting talent, the orchestra and inmate choir, for their fine singing and musical perfection. All previous records for attendance at Mass was passed on this occasion, there being present over seven hundred and forty inmates besides a number of the American. Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners. The unusual fine floral decorations for the altar was due to the liberal contributions of Catholic Lady friends, the Century Flower Shop, and to a number of inmates who generously offered the flowers sent by their friends to add to the decorations.