---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_028.jpg
---
FRIENDSHIP

Dear Brother Members:

If there is any one feeling that is universal,
that feeling is the need of friends. How well
we know that, to be friendless has always
been accounted the most pitiable of condi-
tions.

Friendship is among the common things of
earth and yetit is of the finest. Because it
has inspired the most heroic deeds it has fig-
ured greatly both in history and fiction. Be-
cause it is tender, and the dearest possession
of the heart, and we all know it has been
praised in the songs the human heart holds
dear. Itisa feeling that comes from within,
not from without. To have friends you must
be one: he who is to be your friend must feel
the desire in vou as well as in himself.

The icicles hanging side by side in winter
would generate no friendliness, even though
the warm sunshine melt them both and they
drip together into a common stream. There
are two elements that go to the composition of
friendship, one is Truth. A friend isa person
with whom I can be sincere. Before him, I
may think aloud.

The other element of friendship is Tender-
ness. When a man becomes dear to us, we
have touched the goal of fortune.

Let us fully realize what the two letters H.
& F. on our buttons mean, and be true to the
obligatien which we took when we” became
members of this Organization. Be sincere in
your efforts to uplift your fellowman, and let
our club prove to be an Inspiration and a Help
to the one who seeks to find the most of the
best in life—Honor and Friendship.

‘“As I travel the pathway of life I find
At various turns of the road,
The strong arms of a comrade kind
To help me onward with my load;
And since I have no gold to give,
And love alone must make amends,
My only prayer is, while I live—
God make me worthy of my friends.”’
I3 6447, Vice-President,
Honor and Friendship Club.
