---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_028.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad” service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer.

LOST 1 woolen glove, black with red band
finder please return to B 6092. 6 G. (6)

FOR SALE—Ladies’ hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro-
cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On
sale in storeroom for B 7032 2B, (xx)

FOR SALE———CIothes brusheq mhéll‘ Abrrushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs, 35cts. to
$1.50.. B 1381, 7B. )

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood,
any §ize, reasonable price. B 7730 IOB (49)

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (52)

FOR SALE——Mandolm and sheet music, all
for $3. B 5808, 1 B. (D

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rate<
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—10 violin follos 1st wviolin® 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin
qolo% 600 p1ece% at $1.50 B /1/‘3 7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—~Scarf; made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $!.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
7 G. (4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repalred, ]ewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
ﬁrst classi B 7945 7 G. 2)

For Sale—lnlald boxe% of supenor workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery @)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon cnlargments, $i 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.20 B 7243,
7th Block (3)

For SalejNewﬁaitccordlon Italxan model $6 50
also Bottle with Cross enclosed beautiful
Curlo $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block 5 (‘3}

For Sale—Gmtar in good condition $1. 50 |
B 6294, 5th Gallery. (3)

For Sale—One spring rocklng chair, in ngod
condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3)

For Sale——A pair of Canaries all ready mated
up and a breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th
Gallery 3)

FOR SXLE Oll pamtmge on canvas, i glass
and wood, different sizes, also painting done
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)

FOR SALE:F;ncy German silver rings; also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722. 7G ()

FOR SALE—3 fine <singing canaries, pair
riow breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
.111 for %6 cost ‘fElO 50. B 76‘%0, (B (5)

FOR SALE——Fancy shades made of cembrlc,
or crepe paper, allcolors 25c. B 6894, 12 B, (5)

FOR SALE Fancy hand pamted post Cardb
Photo
n : 3 | (6)
F()R SALE—Vlolln in good condxtlon in-

struction book and 4 violin folios, all for 853 50,
Going out scon. B 7663. 12 G. (6)

FOR SALE-—Combination jig saw, for scroll
work, orsmall furniture, cheap. B 1784 EG. (8)

FOR SALE—Scarfs andthrows of German-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107,
7B ; (_6)

done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c.
nlargementq in cravon. 8 B. B 6829
