---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '1365'
image: umpire_1916_073.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- baseball
- ' ESP League'
- ' score'
- ' game'
title: 'Wednesday''s Games: Printers 6--Cubs 1'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK Wednesday's Games Printers 6—Cubs 1 The Printers won their sixth consecutive game by defeating the Cubs by the score of 6-1. Slim, (""The War Horse"") was again the victorous twirler, allowing the Cubs but four hits, walking 3, and having 8 strikeouts. Boyd did the mound duty for the Cubs and with the exception of one inning, pitched good ball. He having allowed 8 hits, stuck out 8 and passed four. The Printers were the first to score, getting the first run in the the 3rd inning, but the Cubs came back and tied in the 3rd, and for a few minutes it looked as though the Cubs would take the lead Jordan drove a long fly into the 5th Block corner that looked good for a home run, but Otto shattered all hopes by making a clever catch. In the 5th inning the Printers cinched the game by scoring three more runs. Boyd be came wild passing Otto and Buck and filled the bases by hitting Slim with a pitched ball. It was then the ""Barry"" of the game was pulled off by Jordan, who after fielding Hagy's hit, stood holding it as if spellbound and watched two of the runners romp over the home plate; and left Hagy reach first in safty. Another run was scored this inning when Jacoby singled scoring Slim. The last two runs were scored in the sixth when Mac singled, Buck walked, Slim sacrificed scoring Mac, and Hay put on the finishing touches by clouting a two base hit scoring Buck. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs     |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 4  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 6  | 8  | 0  |
Two base hits— Hagy; Fats; Buck; BlinkNinth 7 Move to Hasten Rebuilding of Navy Loose fielding characterized the Shed play and the Ninth treated Smithy's team to a coat of whitewash by a score of 7—0.Herb the Ninth pitcher was in good form allowing 4 hits, fanned 9, walked 5 and two hit by pitched ball. Williamsport, in the box for the Shed was given the rankest kind of support.He was found for 6 hits fanned 4 and passed 2. Hump, got a home run in the fourth inning when he lifted the ball over the 12th Block. Better fielding and more timely hitting was the feature of the Ninth's attack.Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Ninth |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 | 1 | 7  | 4  | 1  |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0  | 6  | 0  |
Home Run—Hump.Three base hit—Bill.Doubles—Williamsport; Stump; Smithy.Umpires Mack and Marty

Friday's GamesNinth 12 —Shed 1The Ninth won from the Shed by the score of 12 to 1 in a game that was minus all the essentials of a good ball game. The heavy hitting of the Ninth and the pitching of Mac were the only redeeming features of the game. This was Mac's first game with the Ninth and he made a fine showing against his former team mates allowing only 3 hits and having 12 strike outs and walked two.Williamsport pitched for the Shed; but was replaced in the 7th inning by Logan who allowed 6 hits in two inning.Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 3  | 2  |
| Ninth |   | 1 | 0 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 5 | 2 | 12 | 14 | 0  |
Home runs—Mac; Williamsport.Doubles Yellow 2; Chick; Pet.Umpires—Andy and Miller

Printers 1 —Cubs 11After winning the six straight, the Printers went down to defeat, before the timely hitting of the Cub machine by score of 11—1.Boby, on the slab for the Cubs, had excelelent control and several times averted disaster. Big Slim, started for the Printers, giving way to Hagy in the fifth frame, who failed to stop the onslaught of the Cub batsman. A line drive by Otto, in the fourth inning coupled with a steal at third by Buck, Chalked up the long tally for the Printers.Jacoby and Jordon felded spectacularly in the infield. Barney, and Otto, contributed the star catches in the outer garden. The game was marred by a shower, and several erratic decisions by the umpire. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs     |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 5 | 11 | 7  | 1  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | x | 1  | 5  | 0  |
Two base hits—Taylor; Ginger; Jack.Umpire—Jack. 

Monday's GamesNinth 5—Shed 4The Ninth again won from the Shed by the close score of 5 to 4.The Shed has signed up several new players and are showing better form. Jimmy Winters the Sheds new pitcher was in the box and was touched up for 3-hits, striking out 6 and walking 3. Williamsport is becoming quite regular with his home runs.Score by innings follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 5  | 1  | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 2 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 3  | 1  | 0  |
Home runs Williamsport; 7471. Umpire Andy

Printers 0—Cubs 12Heavy hitting by the Cubs, coupled with first class pitching by Boyd, spelled defeat for the Printers by the score of 12—0.Boyd on the mound for the Cubs, was master at all stages of the game, allowing but 3 hits walking 1 and fanning 9.Big Slim was found for 18 hits fanned 6 and walked 3. The fielding of Jacoby, Jordan, Albie and Taylor and the wonderful pitching of Boyd featured.
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs     |   | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 1 | 3 | 3 | 12 | 18 | 0  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0  | 3  | 3  |
Doubles Jacoby 2 Mack, Jordan Boyd, Yellow 3, Reds, Whity.Umpires Mack and Jack

Bakers 10—Cooks 2In a game marked with heavy hitting the Bakers slaughtered the Cooks, the final score being 10 to 2. Jacoby, in the box for the Bakers, proved he still possessed a very dangerous wing, allowing 7 hits, struck out 11, passed 5 and one hit by a pitched ball.The Bakers fell on the curves of Banks the Cooks pitcher finding him for 18 hits. He fanned 8, passed 2, and one hit by a pitched ball. Hump, started at first base making a fortunate one handed grab.Hagy and Big John, won the honors with the stick, both credited with a home run, Jordan featured in base-stealing. Umpire—Mack.