---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_029.jpg
---
PLANS FOR GREATEST
RESEARCH SHOPS IN WORLD

Improved Machinery Will Do Work in
Few Hours That Formerly
Took Weeks

In claimed that the U. S. Navy possesses
the most effective torpedo in the world, and
an aeroplane engine that is said to represent
the very last word in engine construction of
that kind is a promise of the near future, and
plans and specifications have been made for the
greatest research laboratory in the world, where
work that now takes months to accomplish can
be finished in as many days. This interesting
announcement was made at a meeting of the
Naval Consulting Board, held in the New York
Navy Yard recently. It was the most import-
ant meeting that the board has yet held, and
among the official documents submitted to its
members for their study and instruction were
the correct designs of some of the: latest and
powerful warcraft in the navies of the warring
Powers of Europe. How these plans came into
the possession of the board was one of the
many secrets that the members refused to
divulge. It was admitted that the foreign
plans showed many improvemeuts in . warship
construction and armament that up to a short
time ago were mysterious so far as the Amer-
jcan navy was concerned.

Plans recently approved by the President

and worked out by a committee of the board

for the mobilization of the industries of. the
country, were explained by Howard E: Coffin,
the in\entor,while Mr. Edison submitted the
final and complete plans and specifications for
the great laboratory and experiment station,
which it was unanimously voted tocommend to
the favorable attention of Congress.

The plans for the propesed laboratory and
experiment station were submitted by Mr.
Edison, and were declared perfect in every de-
tail, as it was possible to make them. They
call for a series of 23 splendid buildings, and in
each and every one of them every inch of space
is accounted for. Even the machines, the tools
and other equipment are provided for in the
plans. The blue prints numbered more than
100 and were each.a yard square.: ‘',

~The principal buildings  provided for. in the
scheme are the administration, the chemical
and physical laboratory, the machine shop,
.the erecting shop, the forge building, the
foundry, the pattern and cdrpenter bu1ld1ng,
the sheet metal shop and the powerhouse. The
buildings range in height from two to four
stories. The preliminary cost for the propoqed
experimental station Mr.
$1,509,000. When compreted in-all details thé



final cost will be between $4, 000,000 and $5,000,
000. :

Mr. Edison is quoted as saying that “‘in the
course of a conversation with anadmiral of our
navy, the officer told me about a certain style
of gun carriage he wanted built. It required
a vear to build that carriage, he said. From
the description he made to me I believe we
could build such a carriage in the laboratory
we have proposed in about 72 hours.”’
