---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_029.jpg
---
TAKEN AS CROOK PROVES
A MUCH SOUGHT HEIR

The report comes from Chicago, that a well
dressed young man, apparently a strangerin
that city attracted the attention of a couple of
detectives in the buffet of the Great Northern
Hotel recently. His hat was of the latest style,
his suit up to date, his scarf expensive.

‘] saw that same fellow on State street yes-
terday ,”” said one of the detectives. ‘‘I think
we had better look him over He does not
seem to be doing anything. Maybe he is a
dip.”’

At the Detectlve Bureau the young man said

his name was Kieth Edward Dalrymaple. He
told a well-connected story. A few days ago
he said he came to Chicago from Detroit. Be-

fore coming to Detroit he worked in depart-
ment stores of Buffalo and New York.

““I might as well tell you I ran away from
home eight years ago,’” he told the detectives.
“‘I went first to New York. My home was in
Siloam Springs, Ark. My father lived there
and afterwards moved to Port Allegheny, Pa.
I have not heard from him in years.”’

An examination of the records of the detec-
tive bureau did not show that Dalrymaple had
any police record. Then the detectives looked
through circulars and posters, asking for a
search for various missing persons. -Allat once
there ay peared a picture of a young fellow on
a circular asking for the finding of Keith Ed-
ward Dalrymaple, heir to an estate worth $400, -
000, left by his father, a successful speculator
in oil properties. From the circular there ap-
pearcd to be n6 doubt that this was the same
young man.

“Worth &HOO 000 and we picked h1m up a
pickpocket,’” said the‘ detective. ,

It certainly is lucky for me that you did
arrest me, +aid Dalrymaple. *That circular is
dated four years ago. I suppose Eha'r the search
hasbeeén made all’ this time. 'I’Il" go to P01t
Alllegheny, ds soon as | can get there.’

“‘What are you going to do \\1th all that
money?’’ 'he was asked. :

““OH. I dont know. DI’ll work. I think I’ll go
into the automobile business ac I have always
wanted to run my own car. Now [’ll have a
Shante 2 heteplieds i 7 = R i
