---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '1392'
image: umpire_1916_077.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- baseball
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK Tuesday's Games Printers 13—Ninth 2 Misplays were largely responsible for the Ninth defeat at the hands of the Printers. Hagy, preformed in real ‘Alexander' style, holding the Ninth to 3 hits, while his teammates were pounding Charley for 16 hits. The heavy artillery of the Printers hammered Charley hard; being replaced by Mac in the 5th frame, who tried hard to win a losing game. Slats, the first string catcher for the Printers, played a good game at the initial sack. Clever fielding by Jacoby and Jack former Shed manager featured. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Printers |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 13 | 16 | 1  |
| Ninth    |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 2  | 3  | 0  |
Home Run—Lefty.Doubles—Hagy 3; Slats; Jim; Buck. Umpire Jack. Cubs 4 —Shed 3 In a pitchers battle the Cubs won from the Shed by the score of 4 to 3. Moony of the Cubs struck out 14 of the 24 Shed batters that faced him, and did not allow a single hit, but walked four. Logan for the Shed allowed only two hits, walked 2, and three strike outs. The game was well played throughout, but many poor decisions by the Umpire tended to lessen the interest of the game "Happy' of the Shed, started the spectators in the 6th inning by successfully stealing home. Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs |   | 2 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 2  | 2  |
| Shed |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 0  | 1  |
Umpire—Andy.Wednesday's Games Printers 3 - Shed 2 It looked as though the Shed was going to break its run of defeats by beating the Printers. The Shed scored its first run in the 2nd inning, and the score remained 1 to 0 until the 7th; then Jimmy Winter pitching for the Shed, weakened and walked 6 men, forcing in 2 runs, then Slats of the Printers singled scoring another; totaling three. The Shed scored another run in the 8th, but was unable to overcome the lead taken by the Printers. Big John (7976) pitched a no hit game for the Printer's had 8 strike outs and walked 2.

Jimmy for the Shed walked 10, struck out 3 and allowed 3 hits. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 2  | 0  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 3  | 3  | 1  |
Two base hit— Hagy. Umpires—Slim and Andy. Ninth 10—Cubs 2 Harvey's contingent of baseball players, the Ninth block team, assaulted the fast Cub team and took them into camp by a score of 10—2. Mack was in the pitcher's box for the Ninth and showed mid-season form allowing 4 hits, 6 strike-outs and passed 1. Albie and Boyd for the Cubs, were touched for 12 hits, fanned 12 and walked 2. Boyd started strong, but the Ninth got after him in the sixth, and pounded him for 6 runs, enough to win the game. Petrillo and Bobby starred in the inner garden. Taylor and Walter led in batting for the Cubs, while Chick, the Ninth third baseman, featured the game with a home run, a double and two singles in 4 times at the bat. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R  | H  | E. |
| Ninth |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 6 | 2 | 10 | 12 | 1  |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 3  | 4  |
Home run—Chick.Three base hit—Mac. Two Base hits—Lucky, Chick, Stump, Mac, Fingers, Ginger, Boyd, Taylor. Umpires Mack and Marty. Friday's Games Printers Printers 5—Shed 4 The Shed again met defeat at the hands of the Printers, by the score of 5—4. Logan started the game in the box for the Shed but was replaced in the third inning by Banks, who took hold of the game when the score was 2—0 in the Printers favor, and three men on base. He walked the first man up forcing in a run and scored another on a hit. The Shed scored 2 runs in the 3rd by heavy hitting, and finished strong in the 8th by scorng 2 more runs. Slim on the mound for the Printers had 7 strikeouts' walked 5 and allowed 8 hits Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 4  | 8  | 1  |
| Printers |   | 1 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 8  | 1  |
Two base hits—Slats 2; Bucks; Evans; Bill Umpires Mack and Andy Ninth 10—Cubs 7The Ninth piled up a commanding lead over the Cubs, in the first three innings of the game, and won by the score of 10—7Bobby did not prove effective, and was relieved by Boyd in the fourth frame. 9 hits, 9 strikeouts, and 6 passes were recorded against them. Harvey's choice on the slab was Mack, who was found for 10 hits, 6 strikeouts, and passed 4.The feature of the Ninths attack was the fielding of Carrol and Pettrili; while Chick led at bat.Taylor and Albie played well for the Cubs. Scored by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 7  | 10 | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 4 | 1 | 3 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 10 | 9  | 0  |
Doubles—Charley; Lucky; Carrol; Chick 2; Mack; Taylor.Umpires—Slim and Harry.

H. F. C. 15—8 BlocksThe Honor Club won its opening game by winning from a picked team by the score of 15—8.Williamsport on the mound for the Blocks was touched up for 18 hits and walked 13.Charlie for the Honor Club carried away batting honors, hitting a 1.000 0ut of five times at bat. Rube had a single, and double and walked twice out of five times at bat. 7470 pitching for the Honor Club allowed 5 hits and walked 13. Both pitchers seemed to have trouble in finding the plate. H. F. C. 15—8 BlocksThe Honor Club won its opening game by winning from a picked team by the score of 15—8.Williamsport on the mound for the Blocks was touched up for 18 hits and walked 13.Charlie for the Honor Club carried away batting honors, hitting a 1.000 0ut of five times at bat. Rube had a single, and double and walked twice out of five times at bat. 7470 pitching for the Honor Club allowed 5 hits and walked 13. Both pitchers seemed to have trouble in finding the plate. Bakers 8—Cooks 7The Bakers again put it over on the Cooks last Saturday, by the score 8—7.Big John did the twirling for the Bakers, while Blackie performed for the Cooks.Chick easily featured the game, with 3 doubles and a single in five times at bat.Umpire—Mack.