---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '1395'
image: umpire_1916_078.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' criminality'
- ' '
title: Crime As A Disease
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CRIME AS A DISEASE There is a strong indication that the thinking public is considering a change from the present unstaisfactory jury system of trial of criminal cases to a more up to date and scientific way of handling the same. In a recent article in one of the leading periodicals, Dr. Victor C. Vaughn, Dean of the Medical School, University of Michigan, expresses his view on the subject in which he says: "Did you ever hear of a doctor sending a sick man to a hospital with instructions that he be kept there six months or ten years and then discharged as cured? "What would you think of a doctor who would send a patient to a hospital for one, ten or twenty-five years without medical attention from him or any other doctor? "Then why should judges send men to prison for from one to fifty years and immediately feel at liberty to wash their hands of the whole thing? The criminal is a sick man, the prison is his hospital and the judges who sentence him is his physician. A judge has no more right to hold himself unaccountable for a criminal's recovery than has a physician a right to send a patient to a hospital for a certain length of time, and then completely neglect him. "When the criminal judge is off the bench his place is in the prison studying the sick man and the effects upon that patient of the treatment he has ordered It should be within the province of that judge-physician to change the treatment when he considers a change advisable "In the trial of criminals the jury system has proved a failure; instead of a jury, criminals should be tried by a bench of three expert criminologists. There should be special institutions where criminology is taught, and where all lawyers, desiring to fit themselves for criminal judgeships, would be compelled to spend time in study to become expert modern criminologists They must regard the criminal as a sick man. He must be studied psychologically. "I would have all prison pardon boards abolished. It is the man who has sentenced the prisoner who is the best judge as to whether the prisoner is sufficiently recovered to merit a parole or a pardon. I would have all prison sentences indeterminate. A prisoner should be kept in the penitentiary until the trained criminologist says he is ready to be released."