---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '1396'
image: umpire_1916_078.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: The Value Of Time
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE VALUE OF TIME Some one has said that "life is a series of guesses." Perhaps that may be true; but there is one point in life in which a "guess" plays no part, and that is in "making good." In youth the future to us was a world unexplored, with no time limit. But after forty-five the scene changes, and we look into the future though wiser eyes, for time has caused boundry lines to arise. In looking back we see opportunities missed—we recall things done which we ought not to have done—and things left undone which we ought to have done. Perhaps we may add long hours and intensified labor which proved unavailing, though to our credit.At this period we are at the crest of the hill, and the game may be said to behalf over. In order to win from now on we must capitalize the furture with experiences of the past, and we cannot afford to put off until to-morrow the things that should be done to-day. No opportunity should be allowed to slip lightly by; for there is a time-limit and every day, hour, minute, is lessening just that much, our chance of totaling up a good score in the great play of "making good." We can't afford to lose any more of the precious minutes, hours, or days; we must make sure that all our time will count. The year with its three hundered and sixty-five precious days—the most valuable days of our life—slips by and we cannot bring them back. So we must know that they all count in the summing up. On close observation, we will find that a large percentage of life's failures is due—not to lack of ambition, hard work, or ability, but rather to each man's ignorance of the value of time.