---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_007.jpg
---
WHAT WE LOVE IS OURS

Charles Grant Mdler

Thisis a world of beauty, not to those who have

money to pluck and wear its roses, but to those

who have sou's sensitized. to the sweet odors.
With love of the beautiful in, man-and in
nature none can be poor; wnthout it none can
be rich. ‘ , L
Happmess is not carried in the pocket but
in the heart. Iy
The millionaire may make hlS thousand-acre
park in the rich valley and by ‘a fiction of the

law- call it his own; but it all is the front vard:

of the poorest squatter in the rudest cabin on
the rugged hillside. '
The one who has paid for it owns it? No!
It is most truly possessed by the one who
most enjoys it. :
What can a beautlful park mean to a man
whose heart is smothered in a money-bag?
And to him who loves the trees, the brooks,
the hills, the sky, what matters it who holds
the title? Why, Adam and Eve never had a
deed to Eden!
Descendants of theirs today hold deeds, but
not possession. It was not the land itself
which was taken away, but the power to enjoy

What we love is ours—and nothing more.
We can truly possess nothing that we sacri-
fice to our own selfish purposes. It isonly to
the man who is poor that wealth glows like a
bright star in the night. The law of recom-
pense always isin force. Itis only when dark-
ness shrouds the world that we can see the
light of a million others.

" Did we not learn in bathco<‘ that the bub-
ble is brilliant only until. we grasp it?

The gems in the, fine lady’s hair and at her
throat sparkle not fur her eyes, but for the
She owns only some costly
stones —never the priceless light that dances
in them. This priceless treasure is only for

~ them who love it, and for them it is scattered

broadcast at their very feet in countiess my-
riads of frost flakes on the brown winter earth

" and in the morning dewdrops in the summer

. grass.

1 possession end.
. then these stinging serpents of vice will creep,
| into the heart and make it their abode.

What we love we own—and there our real
If our love be greed and iust,

But
to the soul where love is pure all in the world
that is good and sweet flies straizht and swift

: as homing doves.

Yes, what we love is ours, and in the same
degree as we love, we own. All that is worth

+ while in the world we mav own, if we will.
