---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '1413'
image: umpire_1916_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' prison'
- ' women'
title: Opening Of Whelen Memorial Home For Women
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

OPENING OF WHELEN MEMORIAL HOME FOR WOMEN The opening of the Mignonette Violett Whelen Home for Girls, at Baring street on Friday last, was due the splendid efforts of a group of Philadelphia ladies who have labored earnestly for the past fifteen years to help the unfortunate women who have served a_ prison sentence. The Door of Blessing, as the Memorial Home is known, opens its doors to the women who has fallen, and will aim to give her a "square deal'? and save her from "dope" and the "old pals.'? The work has been carried on in temporary homes in the past and many inconveniences interfered with the results desired. The home, which was dedicated at Baring street; has been bought through the efforts of Miss A. M. Dupree, a prison worker who has helped many inmates of this institution, with the co-operation of the officers of the Door of Blessing. The home is dedicated to the first president of the society, who died about six years ago. "We aim to give a practical lesson in what a home should mean," said Miss Dupree in telling of her plan of regeneration for the unfortuuate girls. There is nothing of the institution type about the home. It is furnished like the residence of a family with moderate means. The smiling woman in charge, Miss Gertude Brown, is not called a matron, because it was explained, matrons have charge of prisons. Instead she is known as the house mother. During the last year only 14 of the 92 girls who found shelter at the former headquaters at 33rd and Wallace Street, returned to their old haunts.