---
author: B-5602
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '1414'
image: umpire_1916_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES The second section of the H. F. C. were given a little surprise, as well as exercise, on Saturday afternoon last, by having the privilege of another parade of the club around the institution. The line of formation was as follows. B 8158 American Flag B 7963 H. F.C. Penant. A 8432 Vice president-Chief Marshall. Club officers B 6393-7933, Aides, Representative. Delegates B 7819-5602. Prof. Wiegandt and E. S. P. Band. H. F. C. Baseball Team. B 6252 and H. F. C. Orchestra carrying the huge American Flag. B-7195 the H. F. C. comedian who was in line as the H. F. C. Baseball Nine’s Mascot.

Third 9th, 10th, 12th, block first and second galleries.

The parade formed in front of the Industrial Building, and to the time of excellent music by the band, and four abreast marched north to the Brown St. wall, thence to Corin- thian Ave., to Fairmount Ave., to 22nd St. to the Garage grounds when after a few selec- tions by the Band under Prof. Wiegandt, it dispersed and the members sought the best points of vantage from which to witness the game. The game was full of life, and the spectators were kept in an uproar from start to finish The number of brilliant plays were few, but ludicous ones numerous. But with all it was a creditable game, going the alotted nine innings. The Umpire was fortunate enough to b able to return to his block safe and sound, and with a smile. B6765 then sounded the assembly call, and then the fall in. falling into line two abreast and headed by Bugler B 6765, and Drummer B 7478 the members returned to their blocks in an orderly manner. The at- tention of all members is again called to the orders regarding profane or indecent language, it will not be tolerated, or any violation of the rules of the Club, or the Institution, show that the members one and all appreciate a good thing. Avoid ‘‘knocking’ Boost instead. So now heads up, eyes to the front, step lively. Watch where you step, but be sure it is in the right direction so that we may perhaps enjoy still more and greater privileges. What do you say? it’s up to you. Next Saturday May 29th the 4th 5th and 7th blocks and 5th and 7th galleries go out.

Mr. Dipple visited quite a few of the H. F. C. boys last Friday he was wearing the Club button and says he hopes to do more than ever for the H F. C. boysin the near future.

—Rep. Del’s. B 5602—B 7819.