---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '1417'
image: umpire_1916_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK Tuesday's Games Printers 4—Shed 5 The Shed has finally ridden itself of a "Jinx" that seemed to have followed them since the opening of the season, and they took the Printers in to camp, in a game that was well played throughout. Much credit is due to the Sheds new Manager Matlac, who has been untiring in his efferts to build up a better team. Jimmy Winters pitched a fine game for the Shed and had the game in hand at all times; he allowed 4 hits, walked 3 and struckout 7.  Charley for the Printers also pitched good ball, he gave the Shed 6 hits, walked two and struck out 7. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 5  | 6  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 4  | 2  |
Two base hits—Jacoby; Big Bill; 7078Umpires Slim and AndyNinth 9—Cubs 8The Ninth made it three straight victories over the Cubs by winning a close game, 9—8. Boyd, pitching for the Cubs was steady in the pinches, but the loose support behind him was turned into good advantage by the Ninth. Charlie, started for the Ninth but was derricked in the fourth stanza, yielding to Mac. Albie made the sensational play of the season, when he knocked down a line on drive by Chick, making a triple play assisted by Taylor, who also fielded well. Pettrili led the Ninth's attack with a double and a triple. Walter clouted the ball, for the circuit in the sixth frame. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 3 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 8  | 4  | 1  |
| Ninth |   | 1 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 1 | 9  | 8  | 1  |
Doubles—Charley; Pet. Triple—Pet.Home Run—Walter.Mack; Taylor.Umpires—Marty and Collins.Wednesday's Games Printers 4—Ninth 1 The Printers slipped another one over on the Ninth, winning by the score of 4—1. By heavy hitting the Printers took the lead in the 2nd inning scoring two runs. In the same inning Mac made the only tally for the Ninth, when he connected with one of Hagy's shoots for a home run.

Charly and Mac done the pitching for the Ninth; Charley allowing 8 hits in 5 inning and Mac 2 hits in 2 inning.Hagy on the mound for his team, pitched an excellent game, having 9 strik outs and giving only three hits.Jacoby took batting honors having 3 hits and a walk out of four times at bat. Score by inning as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 10 | 0  |
| Ninth    |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 3  | 0  |
Doubles—Baum; Jacoby; Buck.Home run—Mac.Umpires—Slim and Andy.

Cubs 7 —Shed 3In a game remarkable for its listlessness, the Cubs defeated the Shed in the first game of the first game of the present series by the score of 7 to 3.Williamsport, Banks and Winters for the Shed, were hit frequently 10 hits, 7 strikeouts and 5 passes were recorded off the trio.Mooney, on the mound for the Cubs was touched for 6 hits, while he fanned 7 and walked 3. The inner works of the Cubs held togather well. A long drive over the fifth block netted Jordon a four-bagger.Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H  | E. |   
| Shed |   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 3 | 6  | 0  |   
| Cubs |   | 0 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 7 | 10 | 1  |
Home run—JordanThree base hit—Barney. Two base hits—Albie, Pidge, Jordon.Umpires Andy and Marty.

Friday's GamesCubs 4—Shed 2The Shed was nosed out of another game in the last inning of play, when the Cubs got on to Big John's curves and scored 3 runs, on 4 hits and a walk in this inning.Bobby pitching for the Cubs allowed 4 hits struck out 6 and walked 3.John allowed 8 hits, struck out 3 and walked 2. The feature of the game was a home run drive of Culp over the 5th Block roof. Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 4  | 1  |
| Cubs |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 4  | 8  | 1  |
Home run—Culp.Two base hit—Jordan.Umpires—Marty and Andy.

Ninth 4—Printers 1 Superior and more timely hitting on the part of the Ninth team gave them a victory over the Printers by a score of 4—1.Mac, for the Ninth pitched consistent ball, fanning 8, and passed 1.Slim, twirled a good game fanning 11, and walking 1. The Printers scored their lone tally on a bad throw to third by Lucky.Charley the new manager of the Ninth played a brilliant game. Lucky made a slashing hit over the 6th Block roof for a homer. Score by inning as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Ninth    |   | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 4  | 1  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 4  | 0  |
Home run—Lucky. Doubles—Hump; Jim.Umpire—Mack. 

Monday's Games Printers 3—Ninth' 0In one of the best played games of the present season, the Printers won from the Ninth by the score of 3 to 0.The feature of the game was the phenomenal pitching of Hagy; who allowed neither a hit or run during the eight innings, he retired the side by striking out each batter. Having a total of 13 strike outs.The Printers scored their three runs in the first inning, when they got 3 hits and a base on balls of Charley; Mac then took, allowing only two hits, having 6 strike outs and walked three. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Ninth    |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0  | 0  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 5  | 2  |
Doubles—Jacoby; Slats.Umpires—Mack and Frank.

Shed 4—Cubs 3An opportune three-bagger in the fourth inning by Logan with two on base, score tied, enabled the reorganized Shed team to defeat the Cubs 4—3.Bobby and Boyd, twirled for the Cubs fanning 5 and passed 3.Banks and Spitz' preforming for the Shed fanned 1 and walked 4.Stump, Spitz and Morgan fielded in great shape for the Shed, while Taylor and Walter did the honors for the Cubs.Evans a new recruit caught a good game for the Shed.Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 4  | 0  |
| Cubs |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 4  | 0  |
Umpires—Slim and Andy. 

Bakers 8—Cooks 5In a game that was devoid of heavy hitting, the Bakers defeated the Cooks by the score of 8—5.Jim, did the twirling for the Bakers while Banks and Jordan presided for the Cooks.The only event worthy of note was a pretty catch made by Morgan.Umpire Mack.

H. F. C. 10—Blocks 6In a game of comedy baseball the Honor Club again won from the Blocks by the score of 10—6.Big Slim and Rube were elected to do the twirling for the Honor Club and Mooney for the Blocks. The pitchers on both sides were hit quite freely and it was a game of hit and run through out.