---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_030.jpg
---
THOSE WHO TRY AGAIN

Now and again we hear much discussion
about the man who strides up the aisle of a
mission and hesitatingly gives his confession.
Perhaps he is converted on the instant; is
given a bath and a new suit of clothes, and
becomes a new man from that time. But of
the many lapses from grace we hear compara-
tively little, because they are not considered
to be in any way helpful as food for thought.
But to the average man, who is fully aware
how frequently he fails and sins against the
right, is it not some comfort to know that ev-
ery man can not be immediately translated
from the ‘‘down and out’ chap to a sincere sin-
ger of sacred song?

Not long ago a man ended his life at a mis-
sion in this city, because he had stumbled and
fallen in his endeavor to overcome his beset-
ting weakness from time to time.

If all men let a single smash-up or a series of
disasters floor them permanently, most of the
world’s work would be at a stand still. Some of
the foremost leaders among the captains of in-
dustry are those who went down struggling,
continued to resist and then arose, fighting all
the way, to regain the top rung of the ladder
again.

Long deferred hope takes a stout heart to
bear up against. In this case the unfortunate
man had been waiting many weeks for a letter
from his wife, that did not come.. Possibly
that would have been the means of lifting him
out of the slough of despond in which periodic
inebriety had plunged him. Perhaps she had
grown weary of his many promises to reform.
IEven though such might have been the case,
the letter might have applied just the leverage
sufficient to lift him above his lower self, away
from the down-dragging clutch of his baser
appetites. When one knows what strange mir-
acles of moral regeneration are wrought, one
hesitates 1o declare any man irredeemably
“down and out.”” It isnot for the man himself
to apply that stigma to his own being. It is
not true that the real heroes in lifes struggles
are not those who cucced, bu: those who try,
‘lry again?
