---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '1434'
image: umpire_1916_083.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- stunts
title: A Few Amusing Stunts
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

A FEW AMUSING STUNTSJust stick a pin into the floor so that the head is just visible and have someone stand with one foot on each side of it, heels together. The idea is to pick up the pin without bending the knees. Most people can stay in this position long enough to touch the fingers to the floor, but it is quite difficult to perform the necessary movements in extricating the pin.A rather well-known but very amusing trick is to stand with the right shoulder and right foot against the wall, then raise the left foot and try to stand on the right alone. Try closing the fingers of one hand loosely over the thumb and then putting the fist in the armpit. Next slide the thumb out and try to replace it without moving the hand. Though this is perfectly possible, the peculiar little strain on the wrist is very unpleasant. Have somebody start from the wall, measure out five of his shoe lengths and stand facing the wall with his toes at this point. Then tell him to fall over till his hands touch the wall. When he is in this helpless position tell him to assume an upright position without moving his feet. A person with feet small in proportion to his height has an advantage here of course, but no one will find it easy to rise and the experimenter's struggles are usually ludicrous in the extreme.