---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_030.jpg
---
GIVE IT A TRIAL

It was a wise observer who said: ‘‘If you
are in a hurry don’t get behind a lame man,
but hitch your chariot to a star.”” Watch out
for the sneerer and the sccffer. Seek the man
who believes in things that are good, and who
is endeavoring to make the best of opportunity
by trying to make everything else better by
kind words and deeds

Let us step into the sunshine for a littie
while. This is not such a bad old world after
all. You may have had hard luck for a time
back, or perhaps hard blows and ill health had
followed on your trail; but don’t let that take
the starch out of you. Just open up yourac-
count book and see if the credit doesn’t over-
balance the debit.

A little more to the point, be frank with
vourself and see how much of the debits may
be charged to your own fol'ies; say, a lack of
{oresight, overreaching selfishness, extrava-
gance, stupidity, failure to profit by advice or
to learn by experience.

Go a little further into the self-examination
process, and see if the blame for vour troubles
or failure is not all pretty much your own
fault. Above all, don’t be disgruntled because
some one who you thought unworthy has done
so much better in life than yourself. Rather,
think of those who are even less well off than
vou are. Your case must be a very hopeless
one indeed if you are last in the lire f ui for-
tunates

Much that seems dark can be changed, ‘f
vou will it. Happ'ness is frem withi , not
from without. No greater cheer can be had
than that which comes fo looking on the bet-
ter side of things, right thii king, gocd con-
science and right living.

Step out into the open of good endeavor sun-
shine and feel the warmth of its inviting glow.

At any rate, give it a trial -
