---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: B-7413
id: '1445'
image: umpire_1916_085.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' news'
- ' women'
title: Muncy's New State Industrial Home For Women
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

MUNCY'S NEW STATE INDUSTRIAL HOME FOR WOMENThe ceremonies attending the laying of the cornerstone of the new State Industrial Home for Women at Muncy, Pa., on Saturday last, was of special significance to the Women of the entire state, who have united through their clubs and civic organizations in the movement to have such a home established in Pennsylvania. Nearly every organized body of women in the State was active in the campaign which resulted in the Legislature passing the act authorizing the construction of the institution, which will mark a new step in penology in the State. The object of the home is to assist women having served a prison sentence, by giving them an opportunity to begin life anew under the most favorable conditions. The home is situated just across the Susquehanna River from the town of Muncy. The site includes 500 acres on a plain between the river and the Bald Mountains. The women will be housed in cottages, which will be grouped around a central administration building. Each group will be a unit, with its own matron and heads, and with its own cottage interest. The administrative officials of the home will all be women. The board of managers, appointed by the Governor, will consist of six men and three women.