---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_031.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

John Drew is one of the very few actors who
look exactly the same off the stage as when
before the footlights. In fact, he has reached
his dressing room many an evening just in time
to dab a bit of color on his cheeks to counter-
act the ghastly effect of the lights before walk-
ing on the stage. Sometimes, as he has walked
on, removing his gloves he had been wearing
when he reachcd the theater and had no time
to remove them before making up.

o

Charles Francis Adams, II., d en’t look like
a business man; he doen’t act like one. He
gives you the impression that yachting isabout
the only thing worth while. He learned all
there was to iearn about American yachting,
then he went over to England and other for-
eign countries and studied their craft, customs,
tricks and everything else connected with it.
Yet Mr. Adams might be considered some-
what of a business’ man since he is a director
in forty-one financial institutions, including
the McAdoo Tubes in New York. He is also
treasurer of Harvard University.

5

“By’’ Newton, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, used to be aviation editor of a New
Yoik paper, and thinks nothing of going up in
a balloon or aeroplane so high that a State of
the Union looks no larger than a parcel post
stamp '

When he first started into the newspaper
bu-iness, Newton had a harrowing experience
that might have dullcd the journalistic ardor
of a lesssanguine spirit. He was sent out to—
interview a certain Mr. Doe in regard to some
new scientific discovery.

After a couple of hours he found the Doe
houze and rang the bell.

“Mr. Doe in?”’ he asked the woman who
came to the door. '

‘“Yes; he's in,” laughed she gayly—“in his
grave these three yeurs.” '

S

Ira Smith, one of the clerks at the White
Hou-e, is another Carnegie medai-less, unknown
hero. Purt of Smith’s job isto sort out the
mail ea. h day, and this includes the opening
of all express packages. 1f somebodv were to
send an infernal machine to the President,
express prepaid, Smith would be .the man
kil'led. Yet he goes about his task every mor-
ning with a light heart and opens up b xes of
unknown ¢ ntents, whistling softly at times,
and with apparent'y no thought of the morrow

There is one thing that probably gives him
courage to perform his duties—the fact that
there has not been, in so far as anybody there-
abouts can recall, a dangerous package re-
ceived at the White House. Infernal machines
sent to the President a‘e jolly, hair-raising
things to read about, but they are sent only in
Welsh rabbity dreams. Even if one were sent,
the only man it would hurt would be Smith.
the hero of this paragraph.

