---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '1472'
image: umpire_1916_089.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- baseball
- ' game'
- ' score'
- ' ESP League'
title: 'Wednesday''s Games: Cubs 5--Ninth 3'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEKWednesday's Games Cubs 5—Ninth 3 The Ninth were unable to hit Boyd, the Cub pitcher, at the right time and lost by a score of 5—3. Boyd, pitched for the Cubs and turned in his usually strong game fanning 6 and walking 2. Charlie was hammered for 9 hits, while he fanned 4 and walked 3. The Cubs displayed some fast fielding, coupled with good team work at critical stages of the game. Bobby fielded spectacularly for the Cubs making a fortunate running catch, receiving loud applause. Jack Taylor won the batting: honors, with 3 hits in four times up. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 3  | 4  | 0  |
| Cubs  |   | 2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 9  | 0  |
Doubles—Hump; Barney. Triple—Jordan. Umpires—Mack and Andy. Printers 5—Shed 3  The Shed again fell victims to the heavy hitting Printers, by the score of 5—3. The game was featured: by ‘sterling fielding on both sides and was interesting throughout. Slim on the mound. for the Printers, was in fine form allowing only two hits, and ten strike outs to his credit. ig John did not fare quite so well, as he was touched for twelve hits and had only two strike outs. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H  | E. |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 12 | 0  |
| Shed     |   | 1 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 2  | 0  |
Two base hits—Hagy; Slats 2; Jack. Triples—Hagy; Banks. Umpires Slim and Frank. Saturday's Games Honor Club 10— Blocks 2 The Honor Club had an easy victory over the Blocks, winning by the score of 10 to 2. Big Slim pitching for the Honor Club allowed 6 hits and struck out 7. Charley for the Blocks was touched for 10 hits and struck out 11. The game was featured by the many brilliant plays of Barney for the Blocks. Umpires Slim & Harry. Cooks 16—Bakers 3 The Cooks won Saturdav's game, by good clouting and the inability of the Bakers to hit Big Doc safely. Big Doc, for the Cooks was master at all stages of the game, fanning 8 while he issued but one pass.Bobby was found for 18, hits, while he fanned 9 and passed 5.Banks and Big Bill captured the fielding honors while, Dick, Morgan and Jordan led at bat. In the absence of Mack, Slats officiated as umpire.

Monday's Games
Printers 3—Shed 2With the jinx still working against them, the Sheds were defeated by the Printers, 3—2.Printers started off well, scoring a run in the first frame, when Hagy's triple brought Baumgartner across the plate.Slats, went the full distance for the Printers, and fanned 6, while he walked 2.Moony presided for the Shed, fanning 11, and passing 5.Baumgartner, the Printers 3rd. sacker played a good game at the difficult corner.Ragged fielding characterized the Shed play. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 2  | 5  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 8  | 0  |
Two base hits— Sox; Jim, Buck.Triple Hagy.Umpires, Sifton and Frank.

Cubs 7—Ninth 3
The Ninth lost to the Cubs by the score of 7 to 3. In the first six innings of the game it looked like an easy victory for the Ninth; the score being 3 to 0 in their favor. But the Cubs rallied in the 6th, getting 5 hits and scoring 7 runs off Mac before the side was retired. He then gave way to Charley who finished the game. Boyd was on the mound for the Cubs allowing 7 hits and had 6 strikeouts. Mac had 5 strikeouts and was touched for 7 hits. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 7  | 8  | 1  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 7  | 3  |
3Doubles,—Mac, Jordan and 8175.
Umpires Slim and Andy.