---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '1481'
image: umpire_1916_091.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ''
title: Interesting Information
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING INFORMATION According to a recent ruling of a State court, woman's special fancy to live on a certain street or in a particular town is no excuse for refusing to accompany her husband to another place where he may obtain employment. A baby was born at Hoboken, N. J., recently which, though perfectly formed, was only nine inches long and weighed only 27 ounces. This is said to be one of the smallest babies on record, but physicians say that it is normal and that it will live. A terrific explosion ocurred a few days ago in the Atlas Powder plant located at Mount Carbon, W. Va. Upon investigation it was learned that a drop of sweat, falling from the brow of a workman onto a pile of cotton saturated with nitric acid, caused the catastrophe. When a prominent married woman of Wrightsville, Pa., was arrested a few days ago on a charge of shoplifting she confessed her guilt, but offered the novel excuse that she stole in order to get even with one of the clerks in the store with whom she had once had trouble. When a Jury in San Francisco freed a woman, on trial for the second time for having wounded her husband in a quarrel, Judge F. P. Dunn declared that "if some of the feeble women who go around shooting men would turn their weapons on some of our feeble minded jurymen, they would be better off." Through the use of a transmitting relay and a recently invented receiving machine, a private wireless station, located at the Great Lakes Naval Training school in Chicago, has attained a speed of 200 words a minute. Up to this time 30 words a minute has been considered a fast record. A Delaware farmer has built a cylindrical barn, 73 feet in diameter and 74 feet high. With the exception of the dome-like roof which is of wood it is made entirely of concrete. There are no posts, beams or other supports. It consists of a huge chamber below and a loft above which has a storage space for 800 tons of hay. While being taken to an asylum, a Wellington, N. J., lunatic sprang away from his captors and leaped into the Hackensack river. Being unable to swim he could have drowned had it not have been for the quickness of Miss Constance Copp, an appropriately girl detective, who leaped into the water and succeeded in bringing the man to shore.