---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '1503'
image: umpire_1916_093.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' game'
- ' score'
- ' baseball'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK Tuesday's Games The game between the All Stars and the Black Demons was won by the latter, the score being 7 to 5 in their favor. Boyd was on the mound for the AllStars during the first 4 innings and held the Black Demons to 2 hits and 1 run. He was then replaced by Mac who walked the first three men facing him and Jordan cleaned the bases by making one of his costomery home runs, giving his team the lead 5 to 3. Hagy came back with a home run in the same inning tieing the score; which remained a tie until the 8th inning, when the Black Demons, by heavy hitting scored 2 more runs which won the game. Slim pitching for the Black Demons had 4 strike outs and allowed 4 hits. Mac for the All Stars struck out 5 and allowed 7 hits
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| B.D. |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 7  | 4  | 1  |
| A.S. |   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 9  | 2  |
Home runs, Hagy and Jordan Triple, 8175. Doubles, Charley, Lefty, Williamsport and Morgan. Umpire, Mac. Cooks 6—Bakers 4 The Cooks put another crimp in the Bakers aspirations as leaders of the culinary department, when they again defeated the latter by the score of 6—4. Big John for the Bakers, fanned 7 and passed 3. Banks twirled for the Cooks fanning 5 and walking 2. Jacoby and Jim fielded well for the Bakers while Big sill and Morgan did the honors for the Cooks. Umpire—Mack. Wednesday's Games Cubs 10—Shed 3 In a farcical contest the Cubs assaulted the apathetic Sheds 10 runs to 3. The Shed team was a bit wabbly in the field and were credited with several misplays.Bobby pitched a strong game for the Cubs, fanning 7, walking 1 and 2 hit by pitched ball. Blackie was wild and lad poor support; he fanned 2 and issued 7 passes. Bank's home run and the fielding of Taylor and Albie featured the game. Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| B.D. |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 7  | 4  | 1  |
| A.S. |   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 9  | 2  |
Umpires—Slim and Andy.

Printers 2—Ninth 1The Printers won a hard fought game from the Ninth by the score of 2—1.It was a pitchers battle from the start, between Jacoby for the Printers and Jimmy Winters for the Nitnth.The Printers took the lead from the start and managed to hold it to the finish; but things looked doubtful in the 6th inning when the Ninth had a man on 2nd and 3rd base with only one out; but Jacoby tightened up and kept them from scoring. Jimmy for the Ninth allowed only 1 hit and struck out 5, Jacoby allowed 2 hits and struck out 10.Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Ninth    |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 2  | 2  |
| Printers |   | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 1  | 1  |
Two base hits—Sox; Jim, Buck.Triple Hagy.Umpires, —Fred and Frank.

Thursday's Games Cubs 5—Ninth 4The Ninth was again nosed out of a victory by the Cubs, who won by the score of 5—4. The Ninth led, -1 — 0 until the 5th inning, it was then a slump was started by Charley, who made a wild throw to 2nd allowing the Cubs to score. Jimmy Winter then loosened up and allowed the Cubs 4 hits, this being the only inning he allowed any hits; but they were costly, netting the Cubs 5 runs.The Ninth came back strong, but the best they were able to do was to score 3 more runs.Boyd struck out 7 walked 7 and allowed 3 hits. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 4  | 3  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 4  | 3  | 3  |
Doubles, —Williamsport; Lucky.Umpires Fred and Andy.

Printers 6—Shed 5The Printers won an uphill game, defeating the Shed by overcoming a three-run lead in the sixth inning, the final score being 6—5.Moony got by the fifth inning, but in the sixth blew up and four runs were registered off him. He fanned 7, passed 7, and 3 hits by pitched ball.Slats, for the Printers fannen 4, and passed 3. He was ably supported by some fast fielding at critical stages in the game.The inner garden trio, Hagy, Jacoby and Baumgartner played brilliant ball. Mickey, the Shed shortstop fielded well and led his team at the bat.Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H | E. |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 3 | 1 | 6 | 4 | 3  |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 3 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 5 | 1  |
Two base hits—Bill; Micky.Umpires Marty and Sifton.

Friday's Games

Ninth 4—Printers 2In a hotly contested game, the Ninth won from the Printers by the score of 4—2. Hagy on the mound pitched a fine game, striking out each man that faced him in the 1st, 2nd and 5th innings, having a total of 14 strike outs, and allowed 6 hits. Mac also pitched good ball fanning 11 and allowing 6 hits. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 2  | 6  | 3  |
| Ninth    |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 6  | 0  |
Two base hit—Mac; Hagy; Wmsp't; Hump. Three base hit—Charley.Umpires—Fred and Mack.

Cub 5—Shed 1With Albie pitching in championship form, and the rest of the team giving him fautless support, the Cubs defeated the Shed by a 5—1 score. The Cubs star held the Shed to two lonesome hits, while he fanned 10, and passed 2. Matlac derricked Blackie in the first frame, being replaced by Moony, 7 strike outs and 1 pass were recorded of the pair.The Shed registered their lone tally when Reading stole home in the 7th stanza.Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs |   | 0 | 2 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 6  | 3  |
| Shed |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1  | 2  | 1  |
Umpire—Harry and Marty

H. F. C. 5—Blocks 4The tie game of two weeks ago, between the Honor Club and the Blocks, was played off on Saturday afternoon and it resulted in a victory for the Honor Club, who won by the score of 5—1.Mac was on the mound for the Honor Club and had 8 strike outs and allowed 3 hits. B 4765 pitched for the Blocks, and had 4 strike outs and allowed 6 hits. Umpire—Slim.