---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '1507'
image: umpire_1916_094.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- kindness
- ' advice'
title: Kindness Never Wasted
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

KINDNESS NEVER WASTEDThat a kind act or deed is never wasted though results may not always be immediately apparent, was again manifested in a instance that recently transpired in an adjoining state. It seems that over thirty years ago a man named Terry, then postmasters of a small town in New York State, was on a train when he saw the conductor about to put a young fellow off for not being able to pay his fare. The party in question protesting that he had either lost his pocket-book or that something had taken it; but to all his pleas the conductor remained obdurate. Seeing that the young man was evidently sincere and distressed in his plight, the postmaster advanced the necessary amount of the fare and the journey was continued, much to the relief of the discomposed traveller who insisted on having the name of his benefactor. Time advanced and the incident had all but passed from the memory of Mr. Terry, when he recently received a letter containing a ten dollar bill, with a note explaining that the sender had reckoned up the interest on the memory advanced which then amounted to the enclosed sum. The writer also explained that he was prosperous business man and had always remembered his friend and that had he at any time been in need, his welfare would have been seen to. Here we have a good example that even the smallest act of kindness has a marvelous way of returning to bless the doer. Little deeds of love are bound to accrue interest produce a good harvest.