---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_031.jpg
---
IN LIGHTER VEIN

. ‘Jigg's wife speaks ten languages.’’
“I move we adopt resolutions of sympathy
and send them to Jiggs.”’

S
“Tom out of work again? Why, [ thought
he had a steady job?”’
‘‘Oh, the job was steady; Tom wasn’t.”’

5

‘I can tell you,’”’ said the accurate man,
“how much water goes over Niagara Falls to
a quart.”’

““How much?’’ asked his skeptical friend.

‘““Two pints.’’

’

.
“You are very beautiful,”’ said a young man
to his sweetheart. \ .
“‘Ah well,”’ she answered, ‘‘beauty, you
know is only skin deep.’’
“Well,”” he replied, ‘“‘that’s deep enough for
me. I’m no canibal.”’

o

Mexico has not been forgotten by the Balti-
more American even in the turmoil of European
conflict.

“So Carranza at last has taken up his resi-
dence in Mexico.”’

‘““Yes, and don’t you forget he’s got a Villa
outside, too.”’

s

A retail dealer in leather goods, doing busi-
ness in Baltimore, wrote to a firm in Southern
Massachusetts ordering a big lot of merchan-
dise. The firm wired him:

*‘Can not ship your order until the last con-

- signment is paid for.”’

b

“Unable to wait so long,”” telegraphed the
leather merchant. ““Cancel the order.” -~

5

“Yes,”” said the man who had been traveling
in the wild West, *‘I saw three trains held up
one night.”’

“Heavens!’’ exclaimed the innocent bystand-
er.

‘““Was any one hurt?”’

““No,’’ said the traveler, as he reached for
his hat. ‘“They were held up by woman in a
ballroom.”’

S

The farmer’s mule had just balked in the
road when the country doctor came by. The
farmer asked the physician if he could give
him something to start the mule. The doctor
said he could, and, reaching down into his
medicine case, gave the animal some powders.
The mule switched his tail, tossed his head and
started on a mad gallop down the road. The
farmer looked first at the flying animal and
then at the doctor.

“How much did that medicine cost, Doc?’’
he asked.

‘Oh, about fifteen cents,’’ said the physician.

“Well, give me a quarter’s worth, quick!”’
And he swallowed it. ‘‘I’ve got to catch that
mule.”’ N
