---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '1515'
image: umpire_1916_095.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- facts
- ' Philadelphia'
- ' trade'
- ' prison'
- ' industry'
title: Interesting Information
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING INFORMATION During last year and a half 670,443 horses and mules have been shipped from the United States to Europe for the Allies. These animals have brought good prices to their owners—upwards of $200 each, it is stated. Gilson Willetts, who wrote the first picture play serial ever known— "The Adventures of Kathlyn," does all his work in utter seclusion, locked doors, disconnected telephone and sandwiches to nibble while he works, instead of stopping for lunch. Delaware is to have a new highway which will extend the entire length of the State, from the Maryland boundry to the Pennsylvania boundry, and which will open up a large extent of country that has not as yet known the benefits derived from good roads. Denmark has this year introduced the twenty-four hour system of keeping time. This does away with the necessity of using A. M. and P. M. to distinguish the hours of day and night. One o'clock P. M. is to be 13 o'clock, and so on up to midnight, which is to be 24 o'clock.Vessels flying the flag of 16 different nations, exclusive of the Stars and Stripes, are now in this port. Within the last week more than 20 nations have been represented in this harbor by steam or sailing craft. Probably at no time in its history has the port of Philadelphia harbored vessels of so many different nations. The largest shipment of Sugar ever sent from the United States in one lot left the Federal Sugar Refining Company's docks at Yonkers in the steamship Eastgate. The cargo, which is bound for Europe, consists of 154,200 bags of refined granulated, valued at more than $1,000,000, and establishes a new high record. The purchase was made by the British Commission. More than 600 prisoners are at work on the penitentiary at Rockview, in Centre County, which when completed will cover an area of five and a half square miles and will take over the inmates of both the Eastern and _ the Western Penitentiaries. The machinery install alled in these two prisons will be portable and will be removed later to the Rockview institution. The Baldwin Locomotive Works recently received an order for 70 Locomotives from the Lehigh Valley Railroad. The contract involves $2,800,000, the engines costing about $40,000 each. Forty are for freight use and 30 for passenger use. The Pennsylvania and other roads are said to be in the market for a large number of Locomotives, the orders for which are expected to be placed in a short time.