---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '1531'
image: umpire_1916_097.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEKTuesday's Games Ninth 9—Printers 0 The Printers showed a reversal of baseball form in today's game, the Ninth shutting them out 9—0. The Printers lacked the essential bang, and the passes were liberal, while wild pitches helped. The Ninth bunched their hits off Slim, and forced his retirement in the seventh frame, and then continued their attack against 6982 and Hagy. Eleven strike outs and 7 passes were recorded against the Printers trio. Mack the Ninth pitcher, held the Printers to 3 hits, while he fanned 9, and passed 4. A fast triple play by the Printers featured the game. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Ninth    |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 9  | 7  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0  | 3  | 0  |
Triple—Chick. Two base hits—Jacoby; Charley. Umpires—Marty and Collins. 

Cub 5—Shed 9The Shed won their first game under the new management of Anderson; defeating the Cubs by the score 9—5.The game was a slugging match from the start, there being four home runs throughout, three of which were credited to the Shed batters.Bobby on the mound for the Cubs was touched for 11 hits and strike outs 3. Banks pitching for the Shed held the Cubs to 4 hits, and struck out 6. Moony for the Shed took batting honors having 3 hits out of 3 time at bat. Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 4  | 0  |
| Shed |   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 3 | 0 | 2 | 9  | 11 | 1  |
Home runs—Banks; Jordan; Evans; Moony. Doubles— Moony 2; Blink; Jordan; Mike; Sox; Evans.Umpires, —Fred and Andy.
Thursday's GamesPrinters 3—Cubs 2A well-played nine inning game, which was played in the record time of 45 minutes, was won by the Printers from the Cubs 3—2.The game developed into a pitchers' battle, the pitching of Hagy and Boyd, was distinctly encouraging, both pitching airtight ball. Saul crossed the rubber in the 7th frame, with the winning tally, when Baumgartner sacrificed. Hagy fanned 6, passed 1, and hit by pitched ball. Boyd fanned 8 and passed 1. Baumgartner's running catch was coted the fielding gem of the game. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs     |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 5  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 8  | 1  |
Doubles, —Hagy; Jacoby; Baum.Umpires Fred and Andy.

Ninth 8—Shed 2The Ninth and Shed gave a fine exhibition of base ball during the first 5 innings of play, the score being a tie at two runs apiece, but Moony was unable to hold out, and the ninth hammered out 6 runs in the 6th and 7th innings brining the final score 8 to 2. Moony was touched for 8 hits and struck out 9.Jimmy Winters fanned 10 and allowed 4 hits Chic took batting honors, having a triple and 2 doubles out of 4 times at bat. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 4  | 1  |
| Ninth |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 4 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 8  | 8  | 1  |
Two base hit—Mac; Chick 2; Sox; 7078.Triples—Chick; Williamsport.Umpires—Frank and Lefty.

Friday's Games

Ninth 7—Shed 2Moony's unsteadiness with poor fielding by the Shed team at critical times, and some exceptionally timely hitting by the Ninth, enabled them to win by the score of 7 to 2. Moony was replaced in the 7th stanza by 5 Banks, 8 strikes outs and 6 passes were recorded off the pairMack was pitched the full game for the Ninth, had excellent control, and was never in difficult, fanning 9, and passed none.Inability to hit with men on base proved costly to the Shed. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H | E. |
| Shed  |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 4 | 3  |
| Ninth |   | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 7 | 8 | 1  |
Two base hits—Wmsp't; Mack.Umpires—Fred and Frank.

Printers 2—Cubs 1Costly errors, coupled with their inability to land safely on Jacoby's shoots, caused the Cubs defeat, losing to the Printers by the score of 2—1.Jacoby pitched a fine game for the Printers allowing only 4 scattered hits and having 11 strike-outs.Boyd for the Cubs also pitched a good game but was given poor support, he having allowed 7 hits and struck out 9.Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs     |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 4  | 6  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 7  | 0  |
Doubles—Jordan; Walter.  Umpire—Mack and Andy.

Bakers 10 - Cooks 3
The game between the Bakers and Cooks resulted in a victory for the latter, by the score of 10-3. 
The playing was loose on both sides at times, but the Bakers made up for their slugging, getting 11 hits.
Big Doc struck out 11, and walked 6. 
John fanned 8, and passed 3.
Umpire—Jacoby.

Monday's Games

Cubs 4—Printers 2The last of a series of games between the Printers and Cubs resulted in a victory for the latter, who won by the score of 4 to 2. The managers of both teams were the opposing twirlers and both pitched a good game. Boyd allowed 5 hits, struck out 6, and walked 2. Hagy allowed 7 hits, struck out 9, and walked 2. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 2  | 5  | 1  |
| Cubs     |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 7  | 1  |
Triple—Jacoby.Doubles—Boyd. Umpires—Fred and Andy.

Ninth 8—Shed 3The Shed team offered feeble opposition to the hard-hitting Ninths who defeated them 8 to 3. Jim Winters for the Ninth was in fine shape, and with good support in back of him, the Sheds were helpless.Winters allowed but 2 hits, while he fanned 5, and passed 6. Herb for the Shed gave 7 hits, fanned 5, and walked 3. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 2  | 1  |
| Ninth |   | 1 | 0 | 4 | 2 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 8  | 7  | 0  |
Doubles— Mac; Winters. Umpires—Slim and Frank.