---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_032.jpg
---
H. & F. CLUB NOTES |

By A 8432, B 7927

Last Saturday being a holiday no entertain-
ment was giving. This week the&th Block and
Gallery, and 12 Block 1st and 2nd Galleries go
out, the new program by ‘“Troupe No 3,” is
as follows. '

1—Overture (Selected) By H and F Orchestra-
2—Handy andy Co. (Comedy Sketch,) by 7369
55027.
3—Old Black Joe Co.(Song and Nonsense,) by
7725 6476 6807 6961 5832 6260 7863
4—Ventriloquist By 7294.
5—DMusicialand Specialty gymastic act By 6650.
6—Selections By (H and F Orchestra.)
7—Comedy Sketch (The Suffragette) By 7478
: 6692,
8—Musical Specialty By 5463 6327 6975 76 5.
9—The Doctors Boy, (Comedy Sketch) By
7601 6784 76C9 7462 7195 7805.
10—Vocal Selections, By the H. and F. Club
Quartette.
11—Selections, By H. and F. Club Orchestra.
12—March; Exit, the H. and F- Orchestra.

The entire program is full of songs and
music from start to finish, with surprises and
plenty of fun thrown in, and the varivus talent
particapating certainly deserves a great dcal
of credit, as the present show is with a doubt
the best so far this winter. ,

The orchestra has also been practicing very
hard under the supervision of our very able
““Musical director’”” B 6252 and have added
quite a number of new pieces, to their already
large, repertorie they have also received sev-
eral new musicians into the orchestra which
has made a wonderful improvement, and have
been extremly fortunate in securing the ser-
vices of Mr. Sam McKkenty, who has vclun-
teered to play the ‘“‘Trap drum,’”’ ‘‘Base drum"’
and the several other instruments which go
with his particular position. And take it from
us Sam can drum and ‘‘then some,”” he sure
can put it across, when it comes to handling
the sticks, and will make you all sit up and
take notice, the next time you attend an en-
tertainment.

The entertainment committe is now getting
“Troupe 4, together and would like to hear
from anyone, who can sing a song, recite a
piece, or do anact of any kind, if yot think
you have something good, send your number in
let them give you a try-out. :
