---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '1554'
image: umpire_1916_101.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Mexico
- ' war'
title: War With Mexico Almost A Certainty
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

WAR WITH MEXICO ALMOST A CERTAINTYImmediate Mobolization of National Guard Ordered by the President.—Caranza Issues Manifesto to have U. S. Troops Withdrawn from Mexico.A call has been issued by President Wilson, to all national guard organizations in the Union to assemble for immediate service in Mexico.Secretary Daniels has also ordered the Pacific fleet to proceed at once for Mexican waters and await developments. Four warships and a number of destroyers will also be rushed to Mexican ports on the Atlantic side, so that the navy will be immediately ready for the opening of hostilities. Washington is now the scene of intense excitement and it is considered that every honorable means have been exhausted to avoid war with Mexico. Action was participitated by a dispatch from General Funston, stating that matters were beyond further control and that forceful steps were necessary.Secretary of War Baker announced that the national guard would be sent to the borders as fast as assembled in accordance with the wishes of General Funston. Some national guard troops will be detained at the border states as a precaution for emergencies and as a nucleus for drilling raw recruits for army ex-pansion. Telegrams have been sent to the governors of the various states calling on them to have the state trips assembled at a mobolization point for muster into the service of the United States. Every state in the union is effected by the call for troops and it is expected that over 90,000 men will soon be ready for immediate service. It is not expected that over two-thirds of the estimated number of state troops will respond to the first call, owing to various causes. From the latest report the call for troops seems to have met with quick response from all over the country, and the national guard of this state, New York and New Jersey, are nearly ready for immediate service. From General Pershines Headquarters, near Colonia Dublan, Mexico, is learned that the civilians of all the Mexican border towns are being armed by Carranza garrison commanders in hourly expectation of hostilities being declared. It is not expected that Lower California will take part in the war according to the statement of Esteban Cantu, governor of that territory.