---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '1558'
image: umpire_1916_101.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEKTuesday's GamesNinth 7—Shed 2The Ninth defeated the Shed in a slow and listless game by the score 7—2. The Ninth scored 3 runs in the 1st inning off Miller who was replaced by Banks, who finished the game, allowing 5 hits and strucking out 6.Mac on the mound for the Ninth had the game well in hand at all times, allowing only two hits and fanned 11.One of the Shed fielders mysteriously disappeared in the last inning and was replaced by "Pollock Adam."Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H | E. |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 2 | 1  |
| Ninth |   | 3 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 7 | 8 | 1  |
Home run—Wmsp'tTwo base hits— Winters; Chick.Umpires—Fred and Andy.
Wednesday's GamesNinth—Cubs 0The Cubs-Ninth game developed into a close pitchers' battle, the final score being 1—0, in favor of the Ninth.Both Albie and Mack distinguished themselves, pitching in airtight fashion.The Ninth scored when Mac crossed the plate in the fifth frame, on Mack's sacrifice fly to deep center. Albie had 13 strike-outs, while he passed 1. Mack fanned 12, and walked 1.Barney's work in the outer garden was the feature in the department. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 6 | 0 |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 0 |
Doubles—Chick: Pettrili. Umpires Fred and Frank.
Printers 4—Shed 4.The Printers after getting a lead of 4—1 over the Shed, were treated to a surprise, when the Shed scored 3 runs in the 6th and 7th inning, tieing the score, which remained 4—4 until the end.Big Slim pitching for the Printers, pitched a good game, allowing only 3 hits and struck out 8, but he became careless in the 7th inning and allowed Banks to steal home, which tied the scoreBanks on the mound for the Shed struck-out 7 and allowed 6 hits. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 4  | 3  | 3  |
| Printers |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 6  | 1  |
Doubles—Hagy; Banks.Umpires—Slim and Andy.
Thursday's Games Printers 9—Shed 5 The Shed started after the Printers in whirlwind fashion, scoring 8 runs in the 1st and 2nd inning, but were unable to hold the lead losing out by the score of 9—5. Banks lor the Shed, pitched good ball until the 5th inning, then the Printers got their heavy hitting machine working and seored 7 runs, Banks then gave way to Moony, who fared little better, their being 7 hits recorded? between the pair, and 4 strike-outs. Big Slim was on the mound for the Printers, allowing only 3 hits, and struck out 7. The game was exciting and was marked by many disputes over decisions rendered by the Umpire. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 9 | 7 | 4 |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 3 | 2 |
Home run—Jack Doubles—Banks; Slats; Stump. Umpires Slim and Andy. 
Saturday's GamesHonor Club 5—Blocks 1The Honor Club had little trouble in winning from the Blocks by the score of 5 to 1. Mac for the Honor Club was touched for 4 hits and struck out 7.Billy for the Blocks allowed 6 hits and struck out 3.Rube was the star in the field.Umpire—Slim
Cooks 11—Bakers 6 The Cooks again took the Bakers into camp, the final score being 11 to 6. Banks and Blakie pitched for the Cooke, fanning 7 and walking 3. Big John for the Bakers, struck out 7 and passed 2. Chick's home run featured the game. Umpire—Jacoby.
Monday's GamesPrinters 5—Shed 1Unable to solve the shoots and curves of Slats, the Printers' utility man, the Shed fell an easy prey to the Printers 5 to 1. Jim scored the Sheds only run in the fourth frame on his terrific drive over the fifth block, for the circuit. That old "soup bone" of Slats is working nicely, and he should come through this season with a fine record. He fanned 7, and passed 2. Herb for the Shed struck out 3 and passed 4. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 1  | 1  |
| Printers |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 6  | 0  |
Home run—Jim. Umpires—Marty and Andy. 
Ninth 6—Cubs 5 The Ninth won from the Cubs by the close score of 6—5, and it was a hard fought game from the start. Manager Boyd was dissatisfied with a decision made by the Umpire in the 4th inning, and the game was finished under a protest. Charley for the Ninth pitched a strong game for the 5 innings he was on the mound, allowing only 1 hit, struck out 5 and walked 2, then gave way to Mac, who finished up in good form, allowing only 1 hit. Boyd for the Cubs was touched for 9 hits, struck out 8 and walked 2. Score by innings as follows: 
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 2  | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 6  | 9  | 2  |
Doubles— Mac; Chick 3; Fats. Umpires—Slim and Frank.