---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '1561'
image: umpire_1916_102.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Are You Keeping In Step
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ARE YOU KEEPING IN STEP? A good example on keeping in step was demonstrated by two men, evidently carpenters carrying several bulky pieces of lumber on their shoulders through the street, and were winding their way in and out among the crowd with more or less discomfort, until finally the man behind stumbled, nearly falling, and in so doing lost step with his companion. A look of annoyance and pain appeared on the face of the leading man as the rough wood dug into his shoulder from the effects of the irregular walk of the helper. Suddenly he hollered out. "Hi Andy! keep in step there, will you?"His companion quickly caught the step of the leader and they passed along with their burden at a greater speed. The load had not become lighter in any way, but the fact that they were again in step enabled them to carry the wood easily without further trouble. Apparently it had not taken Andy very long to grasp the idea when he was told what to do. He realized immediately that he was at fault, and knew what he should do to get right again, and he acted promptly. Had he hesitated or stopped, the burden would have been thrown completely on his companion, or their progress would have been checked, and the important work on which the men were evidently bent would have been delayed. This illustrates how important it is to "keep in step" when we are sharing a burden with others. But do we? Are there not times when we look around and stumble, allowing the full weight to fall on another, and then grumble and find fault because we have been called to account for our carelessness? Among those with whom we come in contact, it is of the greatest importance that we should strive to work in harmony and keep pushing onward in an effort to uplift. Let there be no slacking looking back, but rather a determination to shoulder our own part of the work, and to do our best "keep in step" with those in the lead.