---
author: Our View Point
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '1562'
image: umpire_1916_102.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Our View Point
- ' penal press'
- ' prison'
- ' criminality'
title: Unfair Newspaper Comment
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

UNFAIR NEWSPAPER COMMENTAmong our exchange we gladly welcome Our View Point, which is clearly in the lead of the western prison journals. Its pages are filled with bright, snappy subjects well calculated to interest its subcribers and we select the following article for the benefit of our readers. We have frequent occasion to protest against the unfairness of newspaper comment on the man in prison. Fortunately it is not clearly so prevalent as formerly since most of the really big dailies are aligning themselves on the side of the new penology. Occasionally however, unfair and hurtful publicity has been given to men convicted of crime long after the cases have been disposed of in court and while they are still paying the penalty. This is usually done just as their applications for release are about to be considered by the board of pardons, with the palpable object in view of discouraging the board from taking favorable action. While it does not necessarily achieve this result, still it provides the unthinking multitude with a peg upon which to hang a storm of protest against the release of "desperate criminals again to prey upon Society."We believe that after a man has served the prescribed term of imprisonment for the commission of crime, and is eligible to release by the board, no extraneous attempt on the part of newspapers or indiviuals should be made to prolong his term of servitude. The board of pardons has been created for the purpose of deciding upon just such cases, the data at their command is far more complete and reliable than may be had from any other source. It is both unfair and presumptuous for anyone not fully conversant with all the facts in the case including the fitness of the men for release as exemplified by their conduct while in prison, to attempt in any way to influence or criticize the action of the board.