---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_032.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad’” service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer. = ‘

" FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50.. B 1381, 7B. %)

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood,
any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request

to see work. B 7172, 12 B. 2)
FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all
for $3. B 5808, 1 B. (1)

B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin
solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $:.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
TG 4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. . B 7945, 7 G. 2)

For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery 3)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargments. $! 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.:0 B 7243,
7th Block (3)

For Sale—New accordion, I_talian model $6 50
also Bottle with Cross enc¢losed beautiful
Curio. $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block 3)

For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in g od
condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3)

For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mated
up and a ‘breeding cage cheap.’ B 7040 4th
Gallery. ] 3)

FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass
and wood, different sizes, also painting done
to order at reasonable price.. B 7730, 10B.. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G . (5)

FOR SALE—3 fine singing canaries, .pair
now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680, 7B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric,
or crepe?pap_er,afllcolors, 25c. B 6894. 12 B. (5)

FOR SALE —Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and weter color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements,in crayon 8 B. B £829 - (6)

FOR -SALE—Violin in gﬁod condition, in-

struction book and 4 violin folios, all for $3.50.
Going out soon. B 7663. 12 G. LB

FOR SALE--Combination jig saw, for scrolk,
work, or small furniture, cheap. B7784, £ G. (6)
FOR-SALE—Scarfs and throws of Gérman-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107,
B iy 475 ’ (6)
FOR SALE—Lord's Prayers 15x20, all pen
flourish with ¢old shading: also 15 styles post

cards - B 6982, 9.°B." ) (N
FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain,
$10. B 5867, 7 B 7
