---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '1585'
image: umpire_1916_105.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK Tuesday's Games Printers 3—Shed 2 The Shed put up a spirited fight against the Printers, but failed to score enough runs to win; the score being 8 to 2 in the Printers favor. Big Slim was on the mound for the Printers and allowed 5 hits, walked one and struck out 7. Banks for the Shed held the Printers to 4 hits, walked 3 and struck out 3. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 5  | 2  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 4  | 1  |
Doubles—Banks; Maxwell; Jack; Jim. Umpires—Fred and Andy. 
Ninth—4 Cubs—3 The Cubs lost an exciting game to the Ninth, the final score being 4—3The Cubs threatened seriously to tie the score in the 7th frame, but the Ninth infied held togather well; making many spectacular plays. The "breaks" did not hold good for Albie, who allowed 4 hits, fanned 9, and passed 1. Winters for the Ninth struck out mand walked 4. Brilliant fielding was the rule of the game. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 7  | 1  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 4  | 0  |
Doubles—Charlie: White: Doc. Umpires Marty and Harman. 
Thursday's Games Printers—4 Ninth—3 Lack of hard work and several costly errors played a prominent part in the Ninth's losing to the Printers by score of 4—3. The pitching honors was about equally divided between Mac. for the Ninth and Hagy for the Printers; Mac. having allowed 7 hit, walked 2 and struck out 11. Hagy also allowed 7 hits, walked 1 and struck out 7. The work of Buck, the Printers back stop, was one of the features of the game.
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Printers |   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 4  | 7  | 1  |
| Ninth    |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 7  | 2  |
Doubles—Jacoby; Slats; Baum; Pet. Umpires Fred and Andy. 
Shed 7—Cubs 2 The rejuvenated Shed team woke up, and broke their "jinx," defeating the Cubs 7—2. The Sheds were entitled to victory, for they outplayed, and outbatted the Boyd Clan. Silly at second made several brilliant stops, that robbed the Cubs of base hits, while Spitz turned a somersault after making a shoestring catch at third.The other Sheds worked well or the defensive and looked 50 per cent better than or past performances.Banks allowed 6 hits, 3 passes and 1 hit by pitched ball. Boyd fanned 7, passed 4, and 2 hits by pitched ball. Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 7  | 7  | 0  |
| Cubs |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2  | 6  | 0  |
Doubles—Spitz.Umpires—Marty and Harmon.
Friday's Games Cubs 3—Shed 1 The Shed put up a hard fighc against the Cubs, but were put out of the running by a decision of the Umpire in the 3rd inning.The score until this inning stood 1 to 0 in the Sheds favor; the Cubs had two men on base with two out, when Pidge tried to score on a fly ball, and was caught several feet from tne plate; but Boyd walked between the runner and the umpire, and obstructed the latter's view, and the runner was called safe. Albie on the mound for the Cubs allowed 1 hit, struck out 4 and walked 1. Herb for the Shed allowed 3 hits, walked 6 and struck out 4. Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 7  | 7  | 0  |
| Cubs |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2  | 6  | 0  |
Two base hits—Blink; Pidge. Umpires—Fred and Andy. 
Ninth 5—Printers 1 Timely hitting by the Ninth coupled with classy fielding support, spelled defeat for the Printers 5—1. The Printers scored their lone tally in the second frame when Hagy scored on Slats sacrifice hit. Jacoby the "Printers Star," appeared in the line-ups today, but was disabled in the early part of the game when he had a bad fall. Stump fielding spectacularly, and looked like a real second base-man. Mac, Pettrili and Charlie led the Ninth attack. Winters struck out 7, and walked 4. Charlie fanned 9, and passed 2. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Ninth    |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 7  | 1  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 5  | 1  |
Triples—Mack; Hagy. Doubles—Charley; Pet; Jack. Umpires—Marty and Harmon. 
Saturday's Games: Cooks 6—Bakess 3 Manager "Big Doc" pitched the Cooks to a nine inning victory over the Bakers by a 6 to 3 score. Big Doc fanned 8, while he passed 5. John for the Bakers fanned 8, and walked 2. A long drive by Buck, and the stick work of Big Doc featured the game. Umpire—Jacoby. 
Monday's Games Cubs—10 Shed—3 The Cubs hammered Banks hard and defeated the Shed by a score of 10—3. Boyd, who twirled the full game for the Cubs, had excellent control, he allowed 3 hits, fanned 5, and passed 1. Banks for the Shed did not fare so well, allowing 13 hits, fanned 6 and passed 7. Albie did some classy maneuvering in the inner garden, a clever catch by him was the outstanding feature. Score by innings as follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R  | H  | E. |
| Shed |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 3  | 1  |
| Cubs |   | 2 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 4 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 10 | 10 | 0  |
Home runs—Beck, Evans. Doubles— Pidge, Barney, Ginger. Umpires—Marty, Collins.
Ninth 7—Printers 4 The game between the Printers and Ninth was a hard fought battle, and was featured by heavy hitting on both sides; but the Ninth had a little the better of the hitting match and the game ended 7—4 in their favor. Hagy on the mound for the Printers was touched for 9 hits and struck out 13. Mac for the Ninth allowed 7 hits and struck out 5. Lucky was the star of the game having two doubles and a home run. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H | E |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 9 | 0 |
| Ninth    |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4 | x | 7 | 7 | 1 |
Home run—Lucky. Triples—Williamsport; Stump. Doubles—Lucky 2; Stump 2; Jack; Hagy; Saul; Charley. Umpires—Fred and Frank.