---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '1590'
image: umpire_1916_106.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
- ' education'
title: The Power Within
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE POWER WITHIN Many men frequently become discouraged because they allow their thoughts to run along a narrow groove, which dulls mental effort and leads to a dreary monotony of life that palls on the imaginative powers of the mind. We should not allow the flow of thought to become clogged by lack of effort, for most of men have— if they only know it—an enormous amount of latent force, power, slumbering within them, which, if aroused by some worthy incentive, would do marvels in broadening their views and make life well worth the living. We recall to mind the incident of a well known judge in a western city, who in middle life was an illiterate mechanic; when being deeply impressed with the opportunities open in the legal field, took up the study of law and developed his latent mentality. In a few years he developed exceptional ability as an attorney and was finally made a judge. Heis now over sixty-five, and is said to be the owner of one of the finest libraries in his state, with the reputation of being the best-read man in the community, and one who is ever ready to help his fellow-man. One might be tempted to ask what caused the sudden change in his life? The answer is, the hearing of a lecture on the value of education. Simple enough, yet that was what awakened the dormant power within him, aroused his ambition, and started his thoughts along the line of greater self-improvement.