---
author: B-7819
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '1604'
image: umpire_1916_108.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' band'
- ' music'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES The 1st Section enjoyed their Saturday afternoon from the first until last, they were given the parade, twice around: the institution, lead by the officers of the Club and the Band, No. 1 lead by Prof. Wiegandt rendered several catchy pieces. Band No 2 lead by B6765 leading the 1st Block, were as usual, fine. The dividing of the Band certainly is a great improvement, as it has a great tendency of helping all in line to keep in step and bring back happy thoughts. The Band furnished a fine program and rendered excellent music. One of the finest games ever played on the Garage grounds was played and proved to be a pitchers battle for supremacy, between Charley and Mooney. Both teams played ball, that is seldom seen here or elsewhere. Both pitchers deserve credit for the fine game they pitched. Big Jack continues to strengthen up the weak spots and has signed Hagy and Baumgartner to play for the Honor Club. There were several visitors present as guests of the Honor Club, namely: Mr. & Mrs. Dipple, Mr. William P. Priest and Mr. B. W. Farnham; all enjoyed the opportunity to be present and have the pleasure of hearing good music and seeing the game as it is played herein. We desire to thank Mr. Priest for his kindness and generosity in leaving the club a typewriter to make it easier and more business like. Mr. Dipple is one of the Honor Club's active workers and ever your friend when others turn from you. We thank him for interceding in the club's behalf for the typewriter. We wish to call attention for the last time to members of the H. F. C.; when your block or gallery is not due out, even though you have a position as runner or any work whereby you are out all day, your being out does not entitle you to be on the H. F. C. grounds. So bear this in mind and don't get miffed if told to leave, and to non-members or former members, don't try to cause any contention as you know you have no business on the grounds at all; so don't throw a bluff, it will not work, stay away. Everything is running smooth and the club officers intend to see they continue. You may fool some of the people some of the time and most of the people most of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all the time; your next, so be wise. Second Section out this Saturday, July 1, as follows: 3 B, 4 B, 5B, 5G, 7B,7G and 9 B. Rep. Del. B 7819—B 5602.