---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '1612'
image: umpire_1916_109.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK Tuesday's Games Cubs 4—Ninth 2 The Cubs won from the Ninth by the score of 4—2 having got the jump on the Ninth from the start, scoring 3 runs in the first inning. Jimmy Winters started off on the mound for the Ninth but gave way to Spooky in the 38rd; there was 3 hits registered against the pair, and they walked 5 and struck out 6. Albie pitched for for the Cubs allowing 5 hits struck out 5 and walked 2. The features of the game were the fielding of Barney and the long drive of Williamsport. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 6  | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 5  | 1  |
Triples, Lunky and Wilfiamsport. Double, Chick. Umpires Marty and Harman. 
Wednesday's Games Cubs—3 Printers—1 The Printers could not solve Boyd's delivery, and went down to defeat at the hands of the Cub machine, by the score of 8 to 1. Boyd was given the margin of a tally in the first stanza, when Albie worked the squeeze to a nicety; laying the ball down the first base line, scoring Pidge. Barney made a sensational running catch, while Jacoby and Albie starred in the inner garden. Boyd fanned 8, passed 2, and 1 hit by pitched ball. Slats struck out 4 and passed 4, Score by innings as follows: 
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs     |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3  | 7  | 1  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 5  | 1  |
Doubles— Blink. Umpires—Fred and Harmon.
Ninth 7—Shed 4 The Ninth by heavy hitting won from the Shed by a 7—4 score; having a total of 12 hits of the Sheds new pitcher, Williams. Mac on the mound for the Ninth was touched for 7 hits walked 2 and struck out 3. There were several disputes during the game, one of these arose between the two umpires and resulted in Andy leaving the field. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 4  | 7  | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 7  | 12 | 0  |
Doubles—Charley 2; Fingers 2; Hump; Morgan; Banks; Lucky; Spitz. Home run—Davis. Umpires— Marty and Andy.

Friday's Games
The Ninth took a commanding lead in the first inning; when a combination of base hits gave them 3 runs enabling them to defeat the Shed 6—0.
Winters for the Ninth, was in fine form, allowing but 1 hit, while he fanned 3 and passed 2. Banks was found for 9 hits, while he struck out 3, passed 2, and 1 hit by pitched ball. Manager Charlie, led his team at the bat.Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H | E. |
| Ninth |   | 3 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 6 | 9 | 0  |
| Shed  |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0  |
Two base hits—Blink; Pidge. Umpires—Fred and Collins.
Printers 6—Cubs 1 By playing a superior quality of baseball, the Printers had little difficulty in defeating the Cubs by the score of 6 to 1. Jacoby on the mound for the Printers had the game in hand at all times and allowed only 3 hits, struck out 9 and walked 1. Albie for the Cubs was hit hard, there being 14 hits registered against him, and 3 strike outs to his credit, Bobby starred the game with a triple against his former team-mates. Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Printers |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 6  | 14 | 0  |
| Cubs     |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 3  | 0  |
Triple—Bobby. Doubles—Jacoby, Slats, Stump, Barney and Walter. Umpires— Marty and Jean. 
Saturday's Games H. F. C.—4—Blocks—2. The Honor Club won from the Block team by the score of 4 to 2. The Block team scoring their 2 runs in the last inning of play. Mac. on the mound for the H. F. C. pitched a good game allowing 7 hits and struck out 9. Moony for the Blocks allowed 8 hits, and struck out 6 and walked 3. Umpire—Jacoby. 
Cooks 4—Bakers 2 Some timely hitting by the Cooks, coupled with first class pitching by "Big Doc.," enabled them to defeat the Bakers 11 to 6. The pitching for the Bakers was very weak, while Doc. again distinguished himself fanning 12 men. The batting of Lucky and Dick featured the game. Umpire—Jordon.