---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '1617'
image: umpire_1916_110.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- temperance
- ' alcohol'
title: Qualities That Win
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

QUALITIES THAT WIN Some time ago a dozen or more salesmen were waiting in the outer office of a large New York wholesale grocery firm, to hand in their monthly reports. Their average age would probably be about thirty-five. Watching the differnt expressions play over their faces, I was asked by the best sales-manager to guess which might be the salesman. The man I picked out appeared to be a quite fellow, of pleasing address and friendly manner, and the manager said that I had guessed right. "He makes more sales than any three men we have, and I don't believe he spends much to get the business. He is clear-cut and direct in his statments, never misrepresents anything, doesn't drink, and has a record that any man might be proud of. That is the kind of men we like to have—that big business houses want." Many have given the temperance question the laugh, but it is surely and slowly winning its way to victory. Theorlze as you may, you cannot discuss a fact by pure theory alone and have it stick. People will fail to recognize the man who drinks and is inclined to be a sport. Perhaps it may take the quiet fellow a little longer to work out a good showing, for the unassuming do not receive as much attention at first, as the blusterer; but let the man with business in his thoughts once establish the confidence of his employer, and his advance in gaining friends and business is assured.