---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '1639'
image: umpire_1916_113.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' game'
- ' score'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK. Tuesday's Games Bakers 11—Cooks 7 The Bakers defeated the Cooks in a game that abounded in hard hitting by both sides; the final score was 11—7. Blackie and Banks allowed 1C hits, struck out 7, & passed 5. Jim allowed 8 hits and fanned 8. 
All Stars—12—Black Demons 4 The Black Demons fell easy victims before the terrible onslaught of the All Stars, who got a total of 19 hits off the delivery of Slim, who walked 1 and struck out 10. Hagy, for the All Stars, had 11 strike outs walked 1 and allowed 10 hits. Score by innings follows:
|      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| B.D. | 2 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 4  | 10 | 0  |
| A.S. | 4 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 12 | 19 | 0  |
Home runs—Spits Triple—Lucky; Taylor; Morgan. Doubles, Charley; Hagy; Morgan; Chick 2; Williamsport; Baum; Barney. Umpires—Fred and Marty. 
Wednesday's Games Printers—2 Shed—2 The Printers and Shed battled 8 innings, and the game ended in a tie with 2 runs a piece. There was sure some good ball-playing on both sides, but poor decisions of the umpire took out much interest in the game. Silly, on the mound for the Shed was wild at times, passing 5 men, generally tightened up in pinches, and held the Printers to 2 hits and fanned 11. Hagy allowed 4 hits, struck out 10 and walked 1.Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 4  | 0  |
| Printers |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 2  | 2  |
Triple— Evans. Doubles—Bobby and Banks. Umpires—Red and Jean. 
Cubs 1—Ninth 1 The Cub-Ninth game resulted in a tie score. 1—1. The game was marked by fine pitching by Charlie and Albie, and spectacular fielding. The Cubs scored when Jordon hit the ball for the circuit in the 2nd frame. Fingers scored on Charlie's two bags "in the 7th, tying the score. Albie allowed 2 hits, fanned 11 and passed none. Charlie gave 4 hits, struck out 7,and walked 2 Taylor's fielding easily featured. Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R | H | E. |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0  |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 0  |
Home run—Jordan.Doubles—Charlie, Beck and Fingers. Umpires—Marty and Happy. 

Thursday’s Games 

Ninth 2—Cubs 1
The ultimate result of the tie game between the Ninth and Cubs, was 2—1 in favor of the Ninth.
With the score tied in the 7th inning, Chick sacrificed and Lucky crossed the plate with the winning run.
It was a hard fought game from begining to end.
Charlie pitched for the winners, fanning 6, and walking three.
Boyd struck out 5, and refused a free pass. Lucky, Chick and Pettrilli led the Ninth attack.
Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1  | 5  | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2  | 4  | 0  |
Double, Chick, Pertrilli, Lucky. 
Umpires Fred and Happy.

Printers—6 Shed —7
The Shed pulled off the unexpected and won from the Printers by the score of 7 to 6.
Wild throwing around the bases played a prominent part in the Printer’s downfall; but the Shed was deserving of winning, having put up a good game in the field.
Bobby started out on the mound for the Printers, but was replaced in the 5th i inning by Slats; together they allowed 6 hits struck-out 9 and walked 4.
Billy and Banks allowed 9 hits, struck-out 6 and walked 4.
Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Printers |   | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 6  | 9  | 0  |
| Shed     |   | 3 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 7  | 6  | 0  |
Umpires—Marty and Jean. 
Triples Spitts, Hamilton, Jack Stump, and Slats.

Friday’s Games

Printers—6 Shed—3
Inablility to solve Mack’s delivery togather with poor fielding at critical stages of the game, resulted in the defeat of the Shed team by the Printers; the final score being 6—3.
Mack showed fine in his first game with the Printers, fanning 9, and passing 2.
Banks was hammered for 9 hits, struck-out 6, and passed 4.
Score by innings as follows:
|          |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E |
| Shed     |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 3  | 3  | 1 |
| Printers |   | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 6  | 9  | 0 |
Umpire— Fred.

Cubs—5 Ninth—2
The Cubs found little difficulty in taking the Ninth into camp to the tune of 5 to 2.
Charley on the mound for the Ninth was wild at times and passed 4 men, allowed 4 hits and struck out 4.
Boyd for the Cubs, allowed 7 hits, struck-out 7 and walked 1.
Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 5  | 4  | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 7  | 0  |
Doubles—Jordon2, Lucky and Williamsport. 
Home run— Jacoby. 
Umpire—Marty.

Monday’s Games 

Printers 6—Shed 4
The Printers won from the Shed by the score of 6 to 4 in a game that was featured by several long drives and spectacular fielding.
Hagy, on the mound for the Printers, allowed 4 hits, walked 1 and struck out 10.
Silly, for the Shed, was touched for 7 hits, struck out 8 and walked 4.
Mac was given credit for the longest drive; having placed one over the 6 block roof. 
Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 5  | 4  | 0  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 7  | 0  |
Home runs—Hagy, Silly and Mac.
Triple—Banks.
Doubles—Sheppard and Spitz.
Umpires—Marty and Happy. 

Cubs—5 Ninth—2
The Cubs took another game from the Ninth, by a score of 5—2
The fielding support behind Jacoby, with the Ninth misplays, while the Cubs injected enough timely hits to easily win the game.
Brilliant fielding was the rule of the game; Taylor, Beck and Williamsport getting the honors. Bishie’s triple and Lucky’s homer accounted for the two Ninth tallies.
Score by innings as follows:
|       |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | R. | H. | E. |
| Cubs  |   | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5  | 6  | 1  |
| Ninth |   | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2  | 4  | 1  |
Umpires—Fred and Collins.