---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '1653'
image: umpire_1916_115.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- poetry
- ' gambling'
title: '"A Pack of Cards"'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

A PACK OF CARDS
One night as I say by my fireside so weary, 
And dreaming of friends who were so far, far away.
Though memory brought my some thoughts sad and dreary.
Yet others came too, that were cheerful and gay;
When, all of a sudden I found my eyes resting
On something that brought many scenes to my mind:
"Twas an old pack of cards, and some takes interesting
I thought that I might in their history find.
The first scene that I saw that night, I thought was a pleasant sight:
A grand old room ablaze with light, I whispered, ' Kind regards,"
Whilst round the board sat young and old,
they played for love and not for gold,
Whilst joy and sorrow all untold was in that pack of cards.
The next scene I saw filled my heart with great pity ;
It was a young man, and his parents I knew;
'Twas their only son, whom they'd sent to the city,
To study and grew up a gentleman true.
His weekly allowance they thought would suffice him,
To live on the best and for study to pay;
They knew not that evil companions enticed him
Away from his studies at poker to play.
I saw him as he left his seat; he never thought his pals would cheat;
Each time he played he met defeat and still he called them pards.
But there will come a reckoning day and he will through this foolish play
Bring sorrow in the old folks way, all through that pack of cards.
The last scene of all I beheld with much sorrow,
For there was a scene of a the gambler's black fate;
No thought had they got of the waking to-morrow,
Though then they'd repent, but to find it too later;
The bright gold was stacked by the side of each player,
the miser's black crred was in every man's heart,
As quickly the bets passed twixt backer and player,
And ruin was king in the devil's slave mart.
"I'll stake a hundred on the game." "I'll go you sir," "I'll do the same,"
Who cares for misery and shame, as each his treasure guards.
"You lie! I saw you turn that ace" – a smashing blow right in the face,
A pistol shot and death's disgrace, was in that pack of cards.

Printed by special request