---
author: B-7819
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '1658'
image: umpire_1916_116.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
- ' orchestra'
- ' band'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Mid-Summer weather which still prevails gave the boys of the 1st Section an idea what old Sol can do in the heat line, as, one lap around the institution seemed to satisfy all that he can make it very warm at times, was evident, as Saturday afternoon was one of them. But even with all the heat, everybody was happy and enjoyed the afternoon. The boys had their usual parade, which will be continued until farther notice. The Parade was led by the Color-bearers and Officers of the club followed by the Band, which, in the absence of Prof. Wiegandt is being conducted by B 6765. The music was very good and a great credit to the Band-boys. After breaking ranks the boys sought the shady places and the most favorite and where the Orchestra gave an excellent Concert. Every day is bringing and showing better results, especially in the Orchestra, which is advancing very rapidly, considering the short time in which they have been combined. B 6252 has charge of the Orchestra in the absence of Prof. Wiegandt. The Mandolin and Guitar Club is under the leadership of B 5048 and is advancing to the front. Comments from all, as to the H. F. C. and its good qualities and fine running order are heard from every one and is a credit to the members and those conducting the Club. Now boys, may it be your earnest desire as well as your best efforts to continue to make good, and there is no question but what you will be paid double for your good efforts. There is quite a few surprises to be sprung this winter, beginning with the entertainments, and we feel you will appreciate more and more the earnest efforts of our good friends to make our sojourn within as pleasant and profitable as can be, under the circumstances. It all depends on our conduct, not as a body alone, but as individuals and whose conduct will either mar or make it pleasant for themselves. Enjoy yourself to the best of your ability and consume all the fresh air possible, but don’t become or get Jax in your memory and overstep the privilege you now hold, as you fully realize what it means and will cost you, if at any time you become neglectful and careless in your conduct. Now may the wise study and think, and as they do, let them ask the question: Should I forfeit all these privileges for the sake of another? The answer forthcoming will be, No—many times No; if they are clean-thinking and looking for greater privileges. In the future and until further notice the Board of Delegates of the H. F. C. will hold their regular stated meetings in the In- dustrial Building every Tuesday afternoon at 1.30 P. M. sharp. When you leave your cell to go to the yard, do so in the proper manner, fall in by two’s and march, to your formation point, and then fall'in by four’s. When you retufn to your cell fall in by two’s and march in in the proper manner. Sat., July 15th, the 2nd Section, composed of the following blocks
and galleries will be out: 3 B, 4 B 5 B, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G, and 9 B. 
B 7819 Rep. Del