---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '1659'
image: umpire_1916_117.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Mexico
- ' war'
- ' Pancho Villa'
- ' Pennsylvani'
title: Pennsylvania Troops Sent To The Interior
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PENNSYLVANIA TROOPS SENT TO THE INTERIOR

Bandits Reported Near Border—Troops Pass Through Desert—Border Patrol Fires on Own Troops

A report from Marfa, Tex., states that companies Fand M of the 2nd Pennsylvania Infantry left that place for the Rio Grande on Monday, to be part of the forces mustere to await raids by Villa bandits who are prowling northward through the State of Chihuahua. These detachments comprise the senior battalion of the regiment, which is commanded by Major John Handy Hall, who is an Assistant United States District Attorney in civil life. The company commenders are Captains George R. Morrison and William Rowland.

The Philadelphians will be transported across the 92 miles between this base and the river in motor overland dreadnoughts, of which there is a substantial flotilla waiting here. The soldiers will cleave through the heart of the great southwestern desert to Presidio, a barren and desolate spot unequaled in the entire country. Desperadoes and bad men of every stripe abound there, for the arid stretches form hiding places and haven for outlaws of both America and Mexico.

Two battalions of the 10th Infantry, under the command of Major Coulter, detrained at Marathon Sunday, and in motor Jorries will cut across country for Boquillas and Glenn Springs, raided by banditry lately from Mexico. The other two companies forming this expeditionary force will soon get under way, and by Thursday there will be a border patrol extending for several hundred miles paralleling the international boundary along the Rio Grande. Colonel Joseph A. Gaston, commanding the 6th United States Cavalry, has his base here, and will issue his final instructions to Major Hall.

One detachment of the United States border patrol fired on a second detachment near here mistaking it for a body of bandits. Private Milhoun, of the 6th Cavalry, was wounded.

Milhoun, with several other troopers, was returning to camp with several horses they had rounded up. Nearing a small thicket in which they detected a movement, they called out and fired several shots. A patrol hidden in the bush, mistaking them for enemies, fired on them, Milhoun being shot through the jaw. He was brought here, where it was ascertained his wound is not dangerous.