---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '1664'
image: umpire_1916_117.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP League
- ' baseball'
- ' score'
- ' game'
title: Ball Games of the Week
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

Ball Games of the Week

Wednesdays Games Cubs 8 Shed—0 In a one sided hitting match the Cubs blanked the Shed 8—0.

Boyd on the mound for the Cubs, pitched good ball, allowing only 3 hits, struck out 9 and walked 1.

Banks for the Shed, was hit hard, there being a total of 13 hits recorded against him, and he walked 3 and struck out 6.

Score by innings as follows:
R H. E Shed 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 3 1 Cubs 1 3 2 0 0 0 2 0—8 13 0

Doubles—Jordan 2; Fats; Barney; Silly. 

Umpire—Marty.

Printers 6—Ninth 6

A hotly contested game, between the Ninth and Printers resulted in a tie score 6—6.

A fast double play by the Printers squelched the Ninth, when they had a chance to score.

Winters weakned in the third, and was re- lieved by Charley; 5 strike outs, and 9 passes were registered of the pair,

Mack pitched the full game for the Printers, fanning 7, and walking 2.

Hagy demonstrated his ability asa batsman, getting 2 doubles and a home run in 3 times up.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E. 
Printers-------- 2 1 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 - 6 7 0 
Ninth------------ 2 0 3 0 0 0 1 0 0 - 6 6 0 

Home run—Lucky Hagy.

Doubles-Hagy 2; Sump; Charley; Pettrilli; Baum; Williamsport.

Umpire—Fred.

Thursday's Games

Printers 5 - Ninth 1

In a pitching duel between Manager Al. Hagy and Jacoby, the Printers were victors over the Ninth by a count of 5 to 1. 

Circus fielding, races for the plate, hard hit ting, fine pitching and desperate base running kept the fans in an uproar throughout thegame.

The Ninth scored their lone run when Fin- gers tallied on Bishie’s fly to deep center.

Spitz showed his ability to play ball, whenin fast company, his work in the inner garden was perfect; while Slats showed up as a steady and dependable first socker.

Hagy allowed 4 hits, fanned 7, and passed 3.

Jacoby gave 8 hits, struckout 7, and walked 2.

It was one of those titanic struggles that are seldom seen on a baseball field.

Score by innings as follows:

(Continued on fourth page)

(Continued from st page)

REHRES

Priatersa.. ~.. . .0000400.10-~5.8 0 Rl e - 007050170 00 0=1""4" " 1

Triple— Mack and Lucky. Doubles—Hagy, Baum, Buck and Fingers. Umpire—Fred.

Friday’s Games Cubs 5—Shed 4

The Cubs won a see-saw game with the Shed, the final score being 5 to 4.

Silly, on the slab for the Shed, pitched a fine game, but was given poor support. He fanned 6 and walked 4.

Big Slim was taken out in the sixth, in favor of Albie; 7 strike outs and 2 passes were recorded against them.

Albie starred in the garden, while Logan led

. at the bat.

s

Score by innings as follows:

RIAICE. Cubs ¥ sl Ol 00221000—5 4 0 Shedh oo 0 B 10021000—4 3 0

Doubles—Logan, Charlie. Umpire—Fred.

Printers 5—Ninth 2

Timely hitting, coupled with Mack’s fine pitching enabled the Printers to win from the Ninth by the score of 5—2.

Machad the game in hand at all times, allow- ing only 2 hits, walked 1 and struck out 12,

Jimmy Winters for the Ninth, was wild at times, and walked 5 men. He was touched for 8 hits and struck out 9.

Stump took batting honors, having 2 doubles and a single out of 4 times at bat.

Score by innings as follows:

R.HE. Brinters! .o o ORLEOB2 SORIE1 0805 S S Ninthe- s 200 - 000020000—2 2 ¢

Doubles Stump 2.—Williamsport. Umpire Marty.

Monday’s Games Cubs 10—Shed 1 The Shed held the Cubs to the close score of

R R R R A N N

2 to 1 for the first five innings, but in the sixth Banks, pitching for the Shed weakened, and the Cub batters hit the ball all over the lot, scoring six runs before the side was retired.

The final score was 10 to 1 in the Cubs favor.

Boyd held the Shed batters to 3 scatteted hits, struck out 11 and walked 1.

Banks for the Shed was touched for 14 hits and struck out 9.

Score by innings as follow:

REHAES Shed e o sy 0100000 0—1 3 O Cibsli. | _wriatie s 1001006 2—10140

Home run—Fats.

Doubles—Jordan 2, Davis, Evans and Boyd.

Umpire—Marty.

Printers 1—Ninth 8

The Ninth won the last game of the series from the Printers by a score of 8—1.

The Printers clvbbers were unable to hit Charlie safley. He fanned 3 and passed 1.

Mack was hit hard, and was given erratic support. He fanned 8, and walked 3.

Spitz scored the Printers lone tally on Jack’s double in the second frame.

The hitting of Jacoby and Pet and the fine catching of Lucky featured.

Home run-Jacoby.

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E. PrintersSiss i 010000000—1 5 2 Ninth > ca 0 OFSEORS 020108 —=S = 980

Doubles Jack, Baum, Umpire—Fred. Cooks 10—Bakers 2

The Cooks put another crimp in the Bakers, defeating them by a score of 10 to 2.

John and Jim, who started for the Bakers, were very liberal with passes, allowing 8 men to walk.

Banks and Blackie did the twirling for the Cooks, and they were touched for 8 hits, while 4 walked. : N

Lucky and Bill easily featured, each getting a home run.

Umpire— Jordan.