---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '1677'
image: umpire_1916_119.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A finely bred pointer owned by District At- torney Chapman, of Elgin, Ill., hasbeen found guilty of stealing articles left by grocers on rear porches and opening bottles of milk. Since the prosecutor values the dog very highly he is in a quandry asto what punishment should be meted out to him.

An order for 100 small field locomotives for the French government has been received by the Baldwin Locomotive Works. The value of the order is more than $750,000. The locomo- tives are of the same type as those ordered last year. They are to be delivered in the next three months.

Henry Ford has announced that the Ford Motor Company, of which he owns 58 per cent of the stock, will soon begin the construction of blast furnaces and a plant for the manufac- ture of automobile and gasoline tractor parts. It will be built at River Rouge, a suburb of the city, and the first cost will be $8,000,000.

A campaign to urge church members of all denominations to espouse the- cause of world peace, to be brought about at the end of the present war, was commenced at Philadelphia recently, under the auspices of the American branch of the world’s alliance of churches and the Carnegie Church Peace Union.

There were coined at the Philadelphia Mint during the fiscal year ended June 30, 1916, a total of United States pieces of 109,068,330, valued at $14,742,731. In addition there were coined for Cuba and South American Govern- ments 46,032,982 pieces, valued at $27,642,387, which bring the total coinage of the mint to 155,101,312 pieces, representing a total value of $42,384,876 for the year, :

Seven days, 11 hours and 52 minutes is the latest record for a transcontinental automobile run from Los Angeles, Cal.,to New York City. This was recently accomplished by a machine carrying a crew of two. The men ate their meals while on the run and stopped only to take one-hour naps and make necessary repairs.

The two fleet submarines authorized by the 63rd congress were designed by the navy de- partment. of 1,300 tons, as compared with the 800 tons of boats now in commission and with the 1,000 ton Schley now nearing completion. They are to have a surface speed of about 25 knots which is greater than that of any known Eur- opean craft of this type. They will be about 250 feet long and will have such a cruising radius and such sea-going qualities as will enable them to cruise with the battle fleet.