---
author: B-7819
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '1688'
image: umpire_1916_120.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
- ' concert'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The weather-man was kind and obliging in holding off the threatening storm, so hats off to him, otherwise many would have been disap- pointed in not receiving their Saturday after- noon half-holiday and recreation. The Second Section came near being disappointed as the weather was very uncertain at times, but with all the clouds and gloomy overhead appearances every one enjoyed the day and returned happy in many ways. On account of the favorable weather which was somewhat cooler than pre- vious Saturdays the parade made two circles around the grounds, lead by the color bearers and officers of the club. The band played several catchy pieces in leading the parade, under the direction of B 6765. Their concert was excellent, considering as they have not had their usual amount of practice, and they deserve great credit for the able manner in which it was conducted and rendered by all. Better days are coming to all, so stick to the ship as long as there is a piece of the old ship floating. During the intermission in the con- cert, the ‘‘Guitar King,”” B 8086, rendered several selections which were received with great pleasure and hearty applause. B 7725, better known as ‘‘Peg,’’ gave the boys an exhibition on how his Choo-Choo can work as much smoke was in evidence during his per- formance, be careful Peg, the smoke inspectors will be after you. B 7545 gave the boys some of his witty sayings including the ‘“Tale of the Tramp and McCloskey’s one-eyed Gat,’’ which brought forth great applause from everyone. Considering all, music and comedy sketches, the afternoon passed along very nicely, but the surprise was held off for the finish. The band boys lead the members into their respective blocks and galleries, separating at the Centre and permitting the members to march through with the best of music. This was the surprise as no one knew until the last what wascoming. Every little surprise is greatly appreciated by all, no matter how small it is. The Warden passed through the grounds and took note of everything as usual. The score of the H. F. C. game you will find elsewhere. Now for the benefit of all those who can read pass it along to those who cannot. "If you don’t belong to the H. F. C. kindly remain off the grounds and to the blocks and galleries coming out to the grounds and returning, please do not smoke in line of parade, or leaving your block or gallery. This is your final warning, one and all, so kindly be governed accordingly and don’t loose your privileges and your pleasure as well, You loose no one else. Let this be sufficient to the wise. The following blocks and galleries go out this Saturday, July 22, 1 B, 8 B, 10 B 11 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12B, 12 B—1G, 12B—2G. 
Rep. Del. B 7819—B 5602.