---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '1690'
image: umpire_1916_121.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- navy
- ' ships'
- ' war'
title: Navy Bill For $315,000,000 Passes The Senate
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

NAVY BILL FOR $315,000,000 PASSES THE SENATE

16 Capital Ships are Provided for—To be Completed in Three Years

It is reported from Washington that the Senate, after rejecting the smaller building program of the house, on Friday last, passed the naval appropriation bill by a vote of 71 to 8. Every effort of both Democratic and Re- publican ‘‘little navy’’ Senators to reduce the enormous measure—the amount of appropria- tions being $315,826,843—failed by overwhelm- ing votes.

The bill as it passed the Senate, authorizes the construction of 157 warships, ranging from dreadnoughts and modern battle cruisers down to submarines, within the next three years. The cost of constructing those ships will be $588,180,576, but during the next year the expenditure will amount to but $110,726,576. During the next two years Congress will be forced to appropriate for ship construction alone $488,192,027.

Ten dreadnoughts and six battle cruisers are to be built within the next three years, accord- ing to the provisions of the bill. Four of the dreadnoughts and four of the battle cruisers are to be built as soon as possible. Each of the dreadnoughts will cost approximately $18, 000,000 and the battle cruisers $20,000,000 each.

The principal features of the bill as it passed the Senate are:

The reducing of two years on the building program, making the limit three years.

Authorization of 157 new ships, 66 of them to be begun as soon as practicable.

Eight of the capital ships to be begun during the next 12 months, four to be battle- ships and four battie cruisers.

Three million three hundred thousand dollars authorized for batteries for merchant auxilia- ries; of the amount, $1,650,000 to be available this year.

Enlisted strength of the navy increased to 74,000 and in time of war or national emergency, the President is authorized to increase the strength to 87,000 men, and the Marine Corps to 17,400 men.

Increases the number of aviation ‘stations and $3,500,000 is appropriated for the avia- tion service.-

Appropriated $19,485,500 for ammunition, which provides for all ships to be built in the next two years.

Provides $11,000,000 for an armor-plate factory.

One million five hundred thousand dollars appropriated for an experimental and reseach laboratory, to be located in Washington, as recommended by Thomas A. Edison and 22 other scientists.

Erection and equipment of a projectile plant, $705,610; total cost when completed, $1,411,000.