---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '1698'
image: umpire_1916_122.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Sing Sing
- ' Thomas Mott Osborne'
- ' prison reform'
- ' prison'
- ' news'
title: A Well Merited Title
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

A WELL MERITED TITLE

Evidently the inmates of Sing Sing prison have a deep seated regard for Warden Osborne, for the many beneficial reforms he has inaugur- ated at that institution, and advocated for the future welfare of erring humanity. We read that he was recently given the title, Doctor of Humanity, on the occasion of his return to the office of warden. This is good news and we are glad to note the evidence of appreciation manifested by those under his charge, as it goes to show that the often repeated assertion that ““law-breakers have no sense of gratitude,”’ is false.

Perhaps there will ‘‘be many in whose judgment Mr. Osborne’s methods in dealing with the prisoners in the New York penitentiary are too lenient; they look upon him as visionary and depreciate his tendency to ‘‘coddle’’ the criminal The latter is a fear that has no foun- dation in fact, for he expressly disclaims any such tendency and purpose. But he is working out the great experiment of treating these people as human beings, of assuming that if they are evil there must be at the same time some good in them capable of being developed and en- couraged for their own salvation and the good of society. He acts on the principle that in the vast majority of cases even a convict will react to decent human treatment, that if he is trusted he will keep faith, and that there is a sense of honor even in the lowest of human be- ings which can be appealed to successfully. The recent voluntary return to Sing Sing of an escaped prisoner, under the spur of conscience and the prompting of his fellows in the under- world in which he sought refuge, is one signal proof of the practical correctness of Mr. Os- borne’s theory and practice.’’