---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '1706'
image: umpire_1916_123.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' war'
- ' Madrid'
- ' Ohio'
- ' labor'
- ' ships'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

British war expenditures have’ now reached a total of more than $30,000,000 daily, accord- ing to a statement made by Reginald McKenna Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the House of Commons recently.

Great excitement was caused in Cincinnati, O., some time ago by the appearance of a fashionably dressed woman who walked through the streets with her legs bared to the knees. Police had to be called to disperse the crowd that followed her.

It is reported from Madrid, that in view of railroad strike, the government has suspended the constitutional guarantees, and martial law has been proclaimed throughtout Spain. King Alfonso has arrived at Madrid from La Granja. A general strike is announced for July 9. Some 100 strikers were arrested for causing a roit.

The American steamer Charle Beatty, which recently reached New York from Tilt Cove, N. F., reports the ocean alive with sharks. Captain Seeley says he never before saw so many. From 50 miles east of Fire Island to port, he says, he saw schools of sharks, probably several hundred in all, from 8 to 12 feet long.

While playing ball with a number of friends recently, Franklin Hoen, of Mount Airy, Pa.. volunteered to catch behind the bat without a mask. During the game a pitched ball missed his glove and struck him on the head. He was rendered unconscious and died shortly afterward.

Involving a total of more than $16,000,000, the Prudential Insurance Company of New- ark, N. J., recently announced the institution of a system of insuring every one of its more than 16,000 employes without expense to the workers. This is said to be the largest single amount of life insurance ever covered by any company in the word.

Although it has been generally conceded that the U. S. battleship Pennsylvania, displacing 31,400 tons, is at present the biggest and most powerful warship in the world, other nations are building ships that will rival or surpass the Pennsylvania in both size and equipment. The Russian government will soon have four battle-cruisers completed, each displacing more than 32,000 tons. Japan is also building three battleships of greater tonnage than the Fuso, a Japanese superdreadnought displacing only 800 tons less than thc Pennsylvania. Italy expects to have next year four ships of 30,00 tons displacement, while Germany has recently completed three warships of an equal size.