---
author: B-5602
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '1716'
image: umpire_1916_124.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' proverb'
- ' music'
- ' advice'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The weather man was unkind to the members of the H. F. C. composing the First Section, inasmuch as he did not feel inclined to leave them enjoy the afternoon to the allotted time, but only permitted them to hear a few pieces of music rendered by the band and their able leader Prof. Wiegandt. Now don’t worry as it is to hot, and worrying does no one any good. Be of good cheer and the weather man permit- ting, your section will receive another trial this Saturday, July 29, and let us hope that all will be favorable for a good, pleasant and sociable afternoon, one in which everyone can say, well I certainly enjoyed myself. The officers of the H. F. C. desire to call your attention and give the credit where credit is due. First in the ef- ficient manner in which you fell into line at the sound of the bugle; and second, your being sin- cere in trying to abide by the rules and avoid smoking as has been requested of you while leaving your block or gallery and while in line of parade. These small items are always taken note of, and if any one is found to be careless or forgetful, their attention is called to the fact. Be a man and respect those whom you expect to show you respect, and you will find it pays in the long run. When you have the manner and carriage of a gentleman you can command respect and approach those of your class, otherwise, not being or trying to be a man, you can’t command in any line, but will prove to be a failure even to those who still have faith in you and desire to see you come out on top and rise to the top of ladder of suc- cess. It pays any one to be on the square in every line of work, but you can’t be on the square if you are crooked with yourself. Med- itate with yourself and ask yourself the ques- tion. Am I onthe square with myself? If you are then you can and always will be with others. You can’t judge anybody. Judge not lest you be judged. Fine feathers make fine birds as the saying is, and birds of a feather always flock together. Now boys, be true to yourself and then you will be true to others. Any man can say yes, but it takes a very good man with a strong will power to say no, and mean it. The band received their white hats and they made a very striking appcarance in the parade. The Prof. was there with his hat and a very neat gold braid band was the trim- ming. Allin all they looked swell. Some day if the good work continues it would not be sur- prising to any one, to see them dressed in a neat uniform. It would look neat and be a very great improvement to all; don’t you think so boys? The boys of the first Section will be out this Saturday, July 29, as they were not out for the allotted time. Therefore, to be fair and square to all, they will get what rightfully belongs to them. The First Section is com- posed of the following blocks and galleries: 1 B, 8 B, 10 B, 11 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12B, 12 B-1 G, 12 B-2 G. 
Rep. Del. B 5602—7819.