---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1725'
image: umpire_1916_126.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Our View Point
- ' penal press'
- ' prison administration'
- ' prison reform'
title: A Traitorous Organ
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

A TRAITOROUS ORGAN

Perhaps no greater misfortune could happen to the inmates of a penal institution support- ing a publication, than to have the control of its organ fall into the hands of a mere puppet, ever ready to kowtow to corrupt and unscrupu- lous officials. Not only "does it retard local improvement where conditions are bad, but it is a serious misrepresentation of the entire prison press as well.

We are pleased to note that the editor of Our View Point has express his views on the subject in the following article which we repeat for the benefit of our readers:

One marked difficulty which prison investigating committees encounter in arriving at an accurate knowledge of conditions in the institutions they visit it is the unwillingness of inmates to testify, or the difficulty of eliciting the truth from those who do testify. The reason for this is apparent. In spite of assurance of proctection in case of revelations unfavorable to the prison administrations, the inmates correctly reason that it is beyond the power of any visiting body to insure them against official vengeance in case of incriminating revelations; for under the inclusive absolutism of institutional rules, they can be brought to book at any time on almost any charge. Few are found who are self-sacrificing enough, or brave enough, to embrace martyrdom for what seems to them but problematical, or at best temporary, relief. And if they did assume such martyrdom, their testimony would be certain to be con- travened by that of the large and ever-present body of sycophants, who welcome any opportunity to curry official favor at the expense of their fellows.

In another state the officials are are finding it difficult to carry on a reactionary policy in the face of vigorous protest from outside influences and a noless vigorous internal opposition from those who had experienced the beneficient treatment of a former administration. Their hand is materially strengthened, however, by the fawning support of the prison paper, falsely claiming to be the organ of the inmates of the institution. It is discouraging and stultifying to those on the outside who stand ready to correct glaring injustices, to be met with the statement, coming apparently from the inmates themselves, that they are in no need of assistance, and that the cries of injustice and cruelty come from only a small but pernicious body of agitators.

As we have had frequent occasion to mention, the wutterances of a prison publication claiming to represent the voice of the inmates and emanating from one of their number, carry considerable weight with outside readers. For this reason, false or distorted statements of fact cannot fail to retard the cause of prison reform and to still furthur intrench a reactionary administration in its eighteenth century methods. This isa matter which indirectly effects the welfare of every penal institution in the country.