---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1726'
image: umpire_1916_126.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Wise In His Own Conceit
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

WISE IN HIS OWN CONCEIT

Someone has said that if the fellow who uses his cleverness in making excuses for his misdeeds would only whittle out an accasional good result, we could forgive him on the law of averages. Unfortunately he fails to do so, and continues to be as the lobster, only the lobster remains silent, while he is all mouth.

Having ‘‘done’’ others the poor deluded misanthrope wonders why the world is done with him, and continues to look about for the faults of others, remaining blind to his own. He coddles his own temper, overlooks his own evil habits, but will not for a minute think of for- giving the faults of one of his associates. This individual is always ready to tell you how things should be done, yet never really doing anything himself worthy of notice, and is apparently dissatisfied, disgruntled and discouraged with everything, excepting his own precious ego. Really a very clever man in his own estimation.

If you attempt to offer a few suggestions that you think might be helpful in aiding him to see things in a more favorable light, he quickly informs you that he is not to be ‘‘kidded,’’ is wise and knows a thing or two about most things in general. Truly, an unfortunate state of mind to contend with in another, because it is not normal, lacks poise and is ' sadly in need of adjustment.

Such a person is to be pitied rather than flounted or scorned, and it would seem as though some means might be invoked that would enable him to “see himself as others see him.”’