---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1732'
image: umpire_1916_127.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' prison'
- ' Bellefonte'
- ' prison labor'
- ' employment'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

It is learned that plans have been drawn up for a model sixteen-story apartment house soon to be erected in New York city, in which elec- tricity will be used in every possible way, including cooking and refrigeration.

A local correspondent of York, Pa., states that Raymond Becker, the 4 year old son of Mr. Edward Becker, of Spring Grove, can dive and swim like a veteran, having recently ac- complished the feat of diving fifty feet from the top of a tree into eight feet of water, and swimming to a point over a mile away and re- turn, accomyanied by his father.,

Warden Frances of the Western Penitentiary, is evidently well pleased with the work done on the new buildings at Bellefonte, Center Co., by prison labor, as he says that ‘‘the work is going along as smoothly as is usual in the ave- rage corporation plants.”” That should occa- sion no ‘surprise, as it is well known to those who are familiar with prison conditions, that there are many men in detention capable of the best work, when properly treated and under right management. '

The prison authorities at Jackson, Mich., have established a complete, uptodate canning factory at the State Prison, located at that place. The state farm of over 2,500 acres is said to be under full cultivation and thus far this season has produced the very best garden truck for use at the cannery. With the use of the best modern farm impliments and systematic work under competent instructors from the Bureau of Agriculture, it is expected that a substancial profit will be netted by the end of the season.

It is reported that thereis a dry-cleaning establishment in Cincinnati, O, that gives its employes music at frequent intervals, with the object of speeding up the workers. There are some 300 workers in the plant, and the firm has installed a sufficient number of phonographs to provide music for thera all. The girls in the pressing room are said to swing their irons over the work to the tune of popular marches and songs, and that much of the monotony of the work is eliminated by the music. The manager of the plant states that this novel idea in industrial efficiency originated in South America.

New Hampshire and Vermont are engaged in litigation in the United States Courts to deter- mine the exact location of the boundary be- tween the states. In 1764, by decree of the English king, the western boundary of New Hampshire was designated as the west bank of the Connecticut River, and this boundary was recognized by Vermont. In late years indu- strial establishments have been erected on made land adjoining the former west bank of the river, and the present proceeding is the result of the attempts of both states to levy taxes on this newly created property.