---
author: B-7819
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '1745'
image: umpire_1916_128.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' parade'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

We feel that the 1st Section enjoyed themselves throughout their afternoon of recreation and pleasure. Evidence of good will and friendly feeling shown everywhere and smiling faces were noticed among the many having the opportunity to take advantage of the half holi- day. The day was an ideal one and no one could have looked for better; it was not a scor- cher by any means, but one that could be en- joyed by all. The parade was the feature and to those in line we wish to say, you are doing fine. There are only one or two stragglers, to tired to stand, walk or sit down, but those few we will be eliminated from the line and leave them in and give them time to rest up and then when they are given the opportunity, we feel they will be able to take part and enjoy the exercise and pleasures obtained on Saturday afternoon. The music was fine, and every one enjoyed parading, there were two bands and more music, which puts more life into every one. The band, under their able leader, Prof. Wiegandet, rendered a very fine program on the 6th block. During the intermission in the concert, several of the club members endeavored to entertain the boys, which they accomplished with credit to themselves and enjoyment to all. Among the boys taking part was the Guitar King, B 8086, with several selections; Peggie, B 7725, with his Choo-Choo and also a song. Peg’s engine was disabled and it was necessary to put her in the shop. B 7545 gave two recitations; one entitled, Riley’s One-Eyed Goat, and the other was the Dying Prayer. B 7294 had his little ‘man along and they had quite a time between them. It seems he was lead astray as someone told him he had lost his privilege of being an H. F. C. man, but after he once got a glance at the crowd, you can bet he sat up and took notice as there were a number of his pals in the crowd. Taking this small entertainment as a whole, it was quite a success, so many thanks to those favoring us. It does not require a man of means to show kindness; all that is nec- essary is a fraction of power, also to be perse- vering for a set purpose, and to accomplish the purpose is success. You may lose patience, but take in the cause and study and you’ll find that whatever it may be, it is not worthy. Use your wisdom and good sense as patience is a virtue known to many and practiced by few. This Saturday, August 5, the 2nd Section will be out as follows: 3 B, 4 B, 5 B, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G and 9 B. 
B 7189—Rep Del.