---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1746'
image: umpire_1916_129.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- music
- ' concert'
title: St. Rita's Church Choir Gives A Fine Entertainment Of Sacred Music
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ST. RITA’S CHURCH CHOIR GIVES A FINE ENTERTAIN- MENT OF SACRED MUSIC

"A grand entertainment of sacred music’’ was given at this institution on Sunday last, by St. Rita’s Church Choir and soloists, assisted by the Catholic inmate choir and orchestra under the skillful direction of Prof. James J. Welsh.

Despite the high humidity and excessive heat of the day the visiting talent gave an excep- tionally fine rendition of a well selected pro- gram of some thirteen numbers, the opening selection being Mozarts’ ‘"Twelfth Mass, Gloria,” which was sung by the full chorus in good volumn and tunefulness. This was followed by Mr. John Simpson, tenor soloist, singing Hol- den’s ‘‘O Salutarius,’’ in fine voice.

A trio composed of Mrs. Katharine Slack, Mr. John Simpson and Mr. James King, elic- ited heart applause by singing Verdi’s delightful “Jesu Dei Vivi,” in a fine blending of voices that was charming in tone and melody. The sixth number, a soprano solo by Miss Margaret Marie Marshall, ‘‘O Salutarius Hostia,” by Verdi, was rendered in a taking manner marked by fine evenness of tone and clear articulation. Mr. James King, baritone soloist, sang Karst’s ‘‘Salve Mondi Domini," in a rich mellow voice of fine tonal quality.

Rossini's “Inflamatus," was splendidly sung by Miss C. Agnes Melia—soprano soloist of St. Stephen’s—and chorus, the soprano part calling for an extended range of voice which was covered by Miss Melia with an easy excellence that marks the true aitist of song, and a wealth of rich, appealing resonance that so delights the lovers of fine music. ‘‘Laudamus te,’’ by Begioli, was sung by Mrs. K. Slack with fine expression and good control of voice. The Quartette composed of Mrs. Slack, Miss Marshall and Mes.rs. Simpson and King, cleverly rendered Marzo’s ‘‘Salva Maria,”’ in an even blending of voices that moved the assemblage to applause. The final number of the program was Berge’s “Tantum Ergo,” sung by the chorus, Mrs. Slack singing the soprano part with pleasing effect.

Taken as a whole the entertainment was ‘highly satisfactory in its entirety and thanks are due the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, under whose auspices the song service was given, for their sincere interest in promoting the welfare and entertainment of the prisoners.

Chaplain Joseph Welch, who has just returned from a short vacation, was present and expressed his thanks to the talent and members of the prison society for their part in making the afternoon of song a delightful success.