---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1747'
image: umpire_1916_129.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- news
- ' Caribbean'
title: Treaty Signed For Sale Of Danish West Indies
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

TREATY SIGNED FOR SALE OF DANISH WEST INDIES

Indications are That the American Con- gress and Danish Rigsdag Will Ratify Agreement

From a New York reportis understood that Secretary of State Lansing, for the United States, and Constaniine Brun, Minister from Denmark, signed the treaty which conveys the Danish West Indies to the United States for the sum of $25,000,000. The signing of the treaty took place in Mr. Lansing’s suite in the Biltmore. The treaty was signed in duplicate and the act took just three minutes, including time to affix the seal of the State Department.

Secretary Lansing came to N. Y. from his at home Watertown, N. Y., on purposeto sign the treaty, and Minister Brun came down from Bar Harbor, Me., where he is spending the summer. The signing of the treaty means that the United States will own the islands as soon as the action of the two countries is rati- fied by the Senate in this country and by the Danish Parliament. When this is done the formal possession of the islands will pass to this country.

There was no ceremony and few formalities. The only other person present was L. H. Wooley, assistant solicitor of the State Depart- ment, who brought the ‘decuments here. Ar- rangements for the meeting had been quietly made sometime ago. Secretary Lansing said that no ceremonies were necessary and the Danish Minister was in the same mind. As soon as the signatures were attached and the seal affixed both officials left New York.