---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1753'
image: umpire_1916_130.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- justice system
- ' reform'
title: Needed Reforms Advocated
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

NEEDED REFORMS ADVOCATED

At a meeting of the Commercial Law League in another city recently, Samuel Untermeyer, who is reputed to be one of the foremost legal lights of the country, gave a very able address before that body, advocating decided reforms in the way criminal laws are administered. He asserted that reforms were merely indicative of what must be accomplished if the lawyer is to fulfil his duty as a citizen in doing away with obsolete and intolerable conditions prevalent.

As a first step in reforming the criminal law, Mr. Untermeyer said the Grand Jury system ought to be abolished. Declaring it should no longer be possible in these days to brand a fellow-being by an indictment resulting from a star chamber proceeding, in which only one side has an opportunity of being heard; he averred that every criminal prosecution ought to be inaugurated by a complaint supported in open court by sufficient proof to make out a clear case.

He would not permit the defendant to waive examination; either side should be able to appeal from a decision that there is or is not suf- ficient evidence to warrant a trial, and the ancient rule that the defendant cannot be com- pelled to incriminate himself should be abolished. For governing corporations, Mr. Unter- meyer advised the enactment of a Nationa] Corporation Law, under which Congress would prescribe such uniform conditions as would se- cure ‘‘civilized corporate administration.” He advocated supervision of stock exchanges by the Federal Government, declaring that if the New York Stock Exchange, for example, was subject to supervision, as are banks, trust com- panies, insurance companies and others having recognized quasi-public functions and responsi- bilities, ‘‘the swindles that are constantly being perpetrated through its agency and without re- dress or fear of detection, would be impossible.”

The speaker also urged that the present System of electing corporation directors be abolished, and that under the new system stockholders be advised of nominations made by boards of directors, that proxy voting be abolished and that stockholders be permitted to vote by mail as well as in person.

Incidently Socialism was characterized as ‘‘a beautiful iridescent dream of the idealist,” but of little value as an effective protest against existing injustice. Keenly alive to the present pernicious capitalistic system, he said it could continue only if the great body of wage earners get "a greater measure of protection and a fairer distribution of the industrial wealth to which the masses contribute by far the greater proportion.”

Coming from such reliable authority, it is safe to assume that the next few years will be marked by the abolition of many antiquated and obsolete laws, and the enactment of much needed statutes that will make justice an actuality and not a mere farce as it would seem to be at present.