---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1754'
image: umpire_1916_130.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- poetry
- ' obituary'
title: James Whitcomb Riley
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY

More than a passing tribute of regard is due the late James Whitcomb Riley, for the many fine personal traits of character that made him so loved by his contemporaries. Above all other qualities may be mentioned his intense humanitarianism— his unvarying love for his brother mortals. His kindliness of character was always noted by those who were privileged to share in his friendship, and it has been said of him on many occasions that in his conver- sation, no less than in his writings, he always had a good word for everybody. If he made a mental reservation of the faults of another, they were never expressed, nor could he be in- duced into criticism, even of those who had misused his confidence; which throws a strong side-light upon the fineness of his mental equipoise. Fortunate indeed, was the man or woman who could call him friend and share in the sunshine of his presence.

The poems of James Whitcomb Riley will always please those who like the gentle flow of heart-made, apealing verse, that one seldom forgets after reading. It is a positive pleasure to recall to mind such selections as, ‘‘An Old Sweetheart of Mine,” ‘‘There Little Girl, Don't Cry,” “When She Comes Home,” ‘‘Little Orphan Annie,” and “The Old Man and Jim;”’ for they grip the heart in a way that leaves a lasting impression of affection and tenderness that is most appealing to the finer senses.

And so there has passed away from us one who lived as he wrote, and having written his name on the hearts of his fellow men, he leaves behind a memory of excellent characteristics that has endeared him to all; and if we remember his poem, ‘‘Let Something Good Be Said,” we can think of him as saying— 

When over the fair fame of friend or foe
The shadow of disgrace shall fall, instead 
Of words of blame, or proof of thus and so, 
Let something good be sad. 
Forget not that no fellow being yet 
May fall so low but love may lift his head; 
Even the cheek of shame with tears is wet, 
If something good be said.

To but few in any walk of life, has it been the lot to be as greatly beloved.