---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1759'
image: umpire_1916_131.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting Information
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING INFORMATION

Pensylvania lead all other states in the country in the use of steam power. using 20 per cent of all that is used in the entire U. S.

An unusual accident occured near New castle, Pa., the other day, when a tire on a front wheel of an automobile driven by James K. Hess;, cashier of the Shenango works of the American Sheet and Tinplate Co., blew out, causing the car to overturn. His neck was broken, and his skull fractured.

A report from Milwaukee, Wis., states that Joe Hovlik and Cy Young, two veteran pitchers of the Milwaukee American association club, were given their unconditional release recently. The good showing made by recruits from the Ohio State league resulted in the release of the pitchers, according to the management.

Many people in this vacinity were mystified a few nights ago by wierd heavenly lights lasting fifteen minutes, which gave rise to reports of explosions throughout Pennsylvania and New Jersey. The haze in the skies which appeared to the north was due to atmospheric conditions, according to the local weather bureau. Excessive humidity, the forecaster said, resulted in dense, low hanging clouds which reflected the lights from below. Newspaper offices were besieged with inquiries. Professor Doolittle, of the Flower Observatory, said there was no special significance in the heavenly glow.

Judge Waddill, of the Federal District Court, recently gave a decsion awarding the British liner Appam, which was brought into Hampton Roads, Va., last Feburary, by a German prize crew, to her English owners, the American Steam Navigation company. An appeal will be taken when the opportnity is given next week and the final decision in the libel proceedings probably will be given by the Supreme court. What is to become of Lieutenant Berg the prize commander, and his crew of twenty-two men, must be determined by the State Department of Washington.

A special train enroute from Chicago to New York, bearing F. D. Underwood, president of the Erie railroad company, and A. L. Mohler, president of the Union Pacific, had a narrow escape from being wrecked near Shahola, Pa., the other night. A heavy landslide which occurred near that place was witnessed by the wife of a section foreman named Maillette. Realizing the im- minent danger which threatend the special, she seized a red flag and made her way through a thunder storm nearly a mile up the track, just as the fast train was approaching from the west at fifty miles an hour. The engineer stopped just in time to save the train. The railroad officials commended Mrs. Maillitte for her presence of mind.