---
author: B-7819
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '1769'
image: umpire_1916_132.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Owing to the absence of the Pres. Mr. Ruben C. McKenty who is away on his vacation, the H. F. C. members of the Second Section did not receive their half haliday on Saturday Aug. 5th. There was much disappointment felt by many, who realized and know what it means to receive this pleasure and who look forward for their turn to enjoy the same, but, misfortune will happen and at times it is un- voidable, such as this occasion. The Officers, were willing to accommodate the men, but, the Officials thought otherwise, therefore, not being in a position to say or do other than to obey orders from our superiors, we feel and know you will not be antagonized toward any one, but, will abide in peace and make the best of everything. You can rest assured you will receive a square deal as it is possible to receive from the Officers of the H. F. C., but, you must also take into consideration the fact, that they have their limits and can’t go by and then without receiving the proper orders from those in authority. They meet obstacles which none realize, some they overcome, others come others remain to stare them in the face until such time that it will be possible to remove them once and forall times, As the Summer is drawing to a close and the Autumn and Winter entertainments are about to be entered into, we wish to say and ask all the Brothers, who have a sketch or an act, which will meet with approval, to get together and rehearse the same and also, give your Number, name of of sketch, etc., to your Delegate on the Block, so that he can turn the same over to the proper Officers. All acts will be called upon for a re- hearse and unless satisfactory, they will not be permitted to participate in the entertainments, so get busy and brush up and let your Number or act be one of sterling worth. To the new in- mates we wish to call their attention to the H. F. C. circulating library which is conducted for the benefit of the club. You can find all the latest and most popular Magazine of the day, all placed at your disposal at a very small cost. Ask to see the H. F. C. Librarian and he will furnish you all the information as well as Magazines.

Should the President return from his vaca- tion by Sat., Aug. 12th the 2nd Section will be out as follows: 3 B, 4 B., 5 B., 5 G., 7 B, 7G., and 9 B. The Orchestra, will be on the lawn to furnish the music on 6 Block. In the future the Members will not be allowed to close up or wedge themselves around the Music Pavilion. Kindly bear this in mind.

Following is a list of the blocks and galleries and the total number of members of each: 1 B 101, 3 B—87, 4 B—87, 4 G—30, 5 B—108, 5 G—71, 6 B—74, 6 G-63, 7 B—98, 7 G—81, 8 B—80, 9 B—71, 10 B—39, 11 B—52, 12 B 28, 12 B-1 G—25, 12 B-2 G—29; making a total membership of 1124 members up to and including Saturday, August 5.

—B7819 Rep. Delegate