---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1770'
image: umpire_1916_133.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- strike
- ' labor'
- ' railroads'
title: President Puts Strike Question Up To Officials
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PRESIDENT PUTS STRIKE QUESTION UP TO OFFICIALS

Brotherhoods Willing to Arbitrate— Hold Session in Secret—Decision Expected Today

The efforts of the U. S. Board of Mediation and Conciliation has not met with the success that was expected in adjusting the differences between the railroads of the U. S and the four brotherhoods. The traffic managers did not conceal their feeling that the situation was more critical than at any time since last March, when the 400,000 engineers, conductors, fire- men and trainmen served on the railroads their demands for the eight-hour day and time and a half for overtime.

The mediators kept in close touch with the railroad managers, who were in conference. While what they are doing is being kept secret, the evidence isthat the mediators and rail- road managers, are convinced that the workers are sincere in their resistance to the railroads demand for arbitration and that the managers might give the Mediators a proposal which would incorporate concessions of a part of the men’s demands and a provision for arbitration for the rest. It is not believed that the heads of the brotherhoods will recede from their position, so many times advanced, that they will not arbitrate the eight-hour day.

If the brotherhoods refuse the proposal which will probably be made, it is said to be virtually certain no matter what its terms may be, that the mediators will notify President Wilson that they cannot effect a settlement. The Presi- dent in this case has decided that he will call the heads of both sides to Washington.

Judge Martin A. Knapp, of the mediation board, refused to say that he considered the workers had meant to give the mediators an ultimatum that they must produce results or give up the job.

Judge W. L. Chambers, another of the mediators, said he had not given up all h pe that the board might be able to bring the rail- roads and the brotherhoods together. The opposmon of the brotherhoods to mediation has been largely based upon the fear that it will be impossible to secure neutral arbitrators. It was reported that the railroads would ask the mediators to submit a suggestion for arbi- tration by a board of 14 members’ four to be named by the railroads, four by the brother- hoods and the other 6 to be chosen by that 8.

Latest reports from Washington indicates that President Wilson will place the responsi- bility of a strike up to the railroad officials. He has met both sides, and will give his opinion sometime today.