---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1777'
image: umpire_1916_134.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- justice system
- ' reform'
title: Vultures Of The Bar
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

VULTURES OF THE BAR

Aroused to a point of what may be termed righteous indignation the editor of a local paper gives a most scathing denunciation to that class of practitioners of the law who prey upon the depraved and unfortunate. According to the revelations that are now being exposed by the Grand Jury, a state of moral terpitude of a most appalling character exists among the vultures of the bar who make the laws of the State a travesty and a means of wringing money from the denizens of the underworld. Coming from such a reliable source, it is to be hoped that the expose will bear fruit in a thorough uprooting of the practice of these panders of the fallen.

That such conditions have been allowed to continue among the legal fraternity is a source of wonder and amazement to many, and until the more respected members of the bar take some decisive action to clean house and drive out these parasites of the law, they will have to bear the odium that has been brought upon an honored profession.

In his stinging rebuke to the ‘‘vampires of the bar,” the writer goes on to say that according to the chief probation officers’ statement concerning the operations of the so-called morals branch of a local Court, con- ditions are revealed which shows that ‘‘a coterie of lawyers practicing in criminal cases have been permitted to consolidate their position of advantage as vampiies sucking the life blood from unfortuntes of the underworld! By a system of fines and extortionate fees for ‘‘legal services’’ these lawyers have for years taken a heavy toll from the earn- ings of immortality and have made it practically "impossible for unforturates caught in the me-hes of the law to escape from the life of shame. To fine a streetwalker is an invitation to- her to pursue her trade that she may earn the money to pay her fine; while fees to lawiers who habitually seek that class of business are little more than blackmail, a division of the earnings of commercial immorality."

“The foregoing is the unvarnished truth of the matter. That it effects the character and standing of members of the Bar, some of whom at least make a pretense of respectability and move among decent people in the community is one of the most tragic features of the situation. If they see nothing disreputable in taking toll from prostitutes, in perpetuating the system that swells their personal gains at the expense of the souls and bodies of unfortunate women, there ought to be some power capable of dealing with them summarily. But as long as corrupt officials and others are allowed to play into the hands of these men society is helpless. The good people of this community are not going to submit silently to the con- tinuance of a debasing and immoral system, and will protest and protest again until the panders and worse than panders in the legal profession shall be exposed and driven from their ugly trade in human vice.