---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1778'
image: umpire_1916_134.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- penal press
- ' Our Paper'
title: Why Not Work Together?
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

WHY NOT WORK TOGETHER ?

Some time ago one of our contemporaries advocated that there ‘‘should be a closer relation between the numerous prison publications working in closer unison for the development of prison reform inallits branches, and especially forthose reforms that will better the conditions in moral and educational lines.” The writer says that the ‘‘prison press can do more for the mcn behind the walls, if properly directed, than any other power’’ at command.

By studying actual prison conditions and the “opinions of writers who are sincerely working for social reform, and by pulling together for that which will be of benefit to our men as well as society,’’ great good will result for all concerned.

We heartily concur with Our Paper in the belief that a more sincere, unselfish and sympathetic cooperation of the prison press, should prevail. But the first step in that direction should be a willingness on the part of the editors to set an example of the highest integrity in their re'ations with oneanotherand with those whom they aresupposed to represent. Until that is done, all other efforts at systematic action will be of little avail.

Those who constantly pilfer from the columns of their contemporaries without giving credit, and who bask in the smiles of their over lords, the prison officials, through subterfuge and deceit, certainly are incapable of putting forward any sincere effort that would be of material benefit to the press as a whole.

Luckily most prison publications are urder the supervision of sincere, carnest men who are diligently working to improve the general con- dition of prison life and to uplift the less for- tunate brethern. To such, commendation and proper support is certainly true, but is not always forthcoming. Fortunately the time is not far distant when cooperation will become an actuality in the full sense of the word. In the meantime, Iet all the true standard bearers buckle on the armor of sincerity and do their very best, even though conditions may not be as favorable as they should.