---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1782'
image: umpire_1916_135.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' navy'
- ' ships'
title: Interesting Information
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING INFORMATION

The United States government has purchased the steamers Narragansett and Manhattan from the Grand-Trunk railroad. The purchase price, it is understood was $1,060,000 each.

A savings bank at Wilkesbarre, Pa., has erected a most ingenious electric sign. It is 8 fect wide by 28 feet high and shows a stream of dimes dropping steadly into a bank.

German thrift and ingenuity still continues to advance despite the war. A Hamburg society with more than 500 members aims to produce the highest possible efficiency from steam boilers with the least possible emission of smoke by teaching firemen to handle coal scientifically.

The Prohibitionists have nominated J. Frank Hanly, former Governor of Indiana, for the presidency. It is said that he spent his childhood in a log cabin, and faught his way up from very humble circumstances to a position of prommence and high regard in that state.

It is reported that a mine firein Lansford, Pa,, which has been burning over sixty years, has at last been extinguished. The fire started near the spot where Philip Ginter discovered anthracite coal in 1791, has burned through the immense concrete wall which a coal comp- any sank in front of it several vears ago. The wall was sunk to a depth of 100 feet and was 15 feet thick.

Commenting on the rapid advance of the Chinese in modern industries a writer in one of the local paper states that Chinese shipyards may possibly yet build ships for us, as they are already building them for Euiopean owners. Hongkong is said to be enjoying a shipbuilding boom on an unprecedented scale, one yard being prepared to build steamships up to 10,000 tons. The labor employed, including foremen, is all Chinese, though the white race supplies the technical staff.

The Navy Department is very reticent about the designs of its new battle cruisers, and the meager information which has been officially given out must have been a reluctant concession to the advertising proclivities of the present Secretary. It seems that in the five new battle cruisers are actually to aim at thirty-five knots and are to cost some $20,000, 000 apiece. If so, they will displace nearer, 35,000 than 32,000 tons; and even at that, if they carry ten 14-inch guns, it is a pretty sure guess that the armor protection n.ust be very scant. It is reported that they will be 850 feet long, and for thiriy-five knots they will need all of that. But what about docking sthem? The new bill should include provision forat least one 1000-foot dock.