---
author: B-5602
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1792'
image: umpire_1916_136.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The attention of the H. F. C. members is called to the following resolution, that was adopted and made a rule at the last delegate meeting. It will be strictly enforced. ‘‘Any member of the H. F. C. who violates any of the club rules, while out of his cell on a Satur-afternoon, shall, if found guilty after a proper investigation has been made, lose for a period of from three to six months all the privileges of the club, and a D shall be placed on his paddle to stay on until he is again restored to a good standing with the club. If his conduct is such as to warrant him consideration at the expiration of three months he may send a written ap- plication to the President of the club who will consider his case and decide if he may again enjoy the club privileges.” This rule was made so that the unruly stubborn and otherwise objectional trouble makers can be held in check, and not allowed to mar the pleasures and privileges of the members who are willing and anxious to line up to the rules of the club. It is with pleasure that the officers and delegates can say that the general conduct of members is all that could be looked for. We all appreciate very much the kindly and courteous manner in which the members respond and treat us while performing our duties. The representative delegates get around to all the blocks and galleries every morning between 9 and 10 o'- clock to receive any reports from the delegates. This is done so that prompt attention can be paid to any thing that may require it. All communications from members should be in writing and addressed to the President, who will see that they are attended to promptly. A supply of club buttons has been ordered, so that the new members will soon get one. We are sorry that circumstances did not allow us to take the men out last Saturday, but next Saturday, if the weather permits, the 2nd Sec- will be out. It consists of the following blocks and galleries: 3 B, 4 B, 5 B, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G, and 9 B. 

B 5602, 7189, 7819, Rep. Del.