---
author: McKenty, Robert J.
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '1795'
image: umpire_1916_137.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- warden
- ' religion'
- ' prison'
- ' '
title: 'Religion And The Criminal: How A Prison Can Make Good Citizens'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

RELIGION AND THE CRIMINAL: HOW A PRISON CAN MAKE GOOD CITIZENS

By Robert J. McKenty

There used to be two very simple and easy ways of handling people who got into prison,and they went hand in hand. One was to kick a maninto his solitary cell after batting him hard enough over the head to make him comfortably kickable; the other was to jam him as full of texts as a jar is of pickles and call him saved. The first of them has gone out of fashionin polite penology; the second has been replaced with more of religion’s spirit and less of its letter.

While the loss of prison brutality can be borne by keepers as lightly as by prisoners, it is unfor- tunate that so many people, mid the numerous new developments in prison methods for the re- form of the criminals, should regard religionasa sort of vaccination—which doesn’t often ‘‘take." For the man in prison, far more than the man outside, is where he can be reached by any in- fluence, good or evil, that is calculated to affect his temperament and character. And re- ligion—the true, clear-sighted, straightforward strengthening kind of religion, no matter which the denomination that supplies it—is second to no other influence as a means of permanent reform.

It is surprising how many people are opposed to religion; it would seem that, whenever someone tries to raise his voice infavor of it, somebody else feels an inspiration to yell it-down. In the Eastern Peniteatiary it was decided to give Jewish prisoners the synagog they needed, and there was a howl against it. But they got it. It was decided to let Catholic prisoners have their chapel and their mass; there wasa howl against that. But they got it. Every denom- ination was given its opportunity to serve pris. oners who needed a pastor within its fold, and the prisoners were encouraged in the religious impulse. Still there remained people who “believed the convict reformed through religion was certain to backslide.

Before me is a letter from a man I know in Chicago, saying he is preparing for his final examination in a theological seminary there and breathing in every line of it the hope of his highest happiness—the hour when he shall be ordained to minister to the souls to whom he shall go as a missionary of the gospel. Heis 31 years old and he has beena seminary student for the last three years. He comes fiom Northumberland county, in Pennsylvania. When he was 20 years old, he was given a jail sentence there for larceny. Upon his release, he committed another theft and got another jail term. After he served that term, he tried highway robbery accompanied by aggravated assault. It was too much for Northumberland county’s jail, and the penitentiary got him, on a sentence of from two and a half to ten years. He was the typical hard nut. In the penitentiary he learned the trade of carpenter and changed his mind about damaging other people’sbodies; and appropriating their money. Upon his release, he went stralght to Chicago; got a job as a journeyman carpenter; took his preparatory course for the seminary at night from a clergyman, and saved his wages for his tuition fees.

Instead of being an isolated case, it is a typical one. The same seminary holds three other students, as square, sincere and clear-headed as he is; and all of them came from the same penitentiary.

A prison can hardly hope to take in mortal sinners and turn out living saints. If it can make these sinners good, average, workday citizens, it is doing pretty well all things considered. So, when I say the theological student’s case is typical, I do not mean that a prison’s discipline and influences manufacture clergymen by wholesale. But I do mean that they can make good and useful men and that criminals have in them the makings. Not long ago the State College offered the penitentiary two courses in agriculture and farming, The penitentiary jumped at them. There is not a square inch of the nooks and crannies available within the four high stone walls of the institution that is not now burdened with crops of tomatoes, sweet corn, cabbage and all the other vegetables responsive to a layer of soil and a shaft of sunlight and fingers that refuse to let a weed put forth its second leaf. Pris- oners to the number of 200 sent in paperson the courses. The State College was so delighted that it offered courses in engineering and in shop arithmetic. The penitentiary inmates went to it as if it were a ball game. The State College now rates their work higher than that of its regular students. When these men have taken their full course, they will receive their diplomas—not from the penitentiary, but from State College. Meanwhile, those State College- Penitentiary-trained farmers whose terms have expired are at work, in convincing numbers, on farms at regular farm wagees; and their employers are mighty well satisfied with them.

The best prison system is the one that combines steady work offering a livelihood outside with religious training that arousesa man’s sense of moral obligation.

Let us, when we get the criminal into jail, take him sensibly for what he is—a plain man gone awry and in need of being fixed up. If his body is unfit to house healthy spirit, let the prison physician repair it. If he is ignorant, give him education to depend on. If he has any mechanical bent, help him to a trade.

Don’t pamper him; don’t coddel; don’t pat him fondly on the back. The world he came from and must go baek to does none of these - things for him. But endeavor, through all that is done for him, to carry a strain of practical, golden rule religion, which is the strongest stiffener of a man’s backbone. When he goes out of his prison into his world—for it is his as much as it ours—he will not be strange, or daunted, or ill atease, or helpless. He will be used to it. He will not be that most wretched of poor wretches—an ex-convict. He will be a man.