---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '1799'
image: umpire_1916_138.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' justice system'
- ' death penalty'
title: A Near Victim Of The Law
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

A NEAR VICTIM OF THE LAW

Notwithstanding the many improvements in prison conditions and in other ceforms for the benefit and uplift of the fallen and unfortunate, we still have with us in all its medieval vicious- ness, the silent operation of the ‘‘system’’ with its maw extended for the sacrifice of blood, like Moloch of old. In the case of Charles Stielow, of New York State, it seems that the near victim had been tried and convicted of first degree murder, and was to be electrocuted on the morrow, when Mrs. Grace Humiston, a woman lawyer of that state, discovered that the alleged confession of the detendant which had been used to secure his conviction, (there was no witness) contained twice as many words as the prisoner had in his vocabulary. Mrs. Humiston did not hesitate to take the matter to Governor Whitman, explaining in detail that the so called confession had been secured through ‘‘third degree’” methods by the local officials, and that the man, a foreigner, with the mind of a child of seven did not understand the seriousness of the document which he was forced to sign with a cross. On becoming convinced that a serious “blunder’” had been made, the governor signed a reprieve, and a new trial is about to be granted.

Now the question naturally comes to mind as to who would have been to blame in case this man had been actually murdered by law? Would it simply have been excused under the old plea of an unavoidable mistake, or would a sincere effort have been made to place the blame squarely upon the instigators of the fake evidence?

Precedence in similar cases would indicate that the former and not the latter course would have been followed, and another victim of the “‘system’” would have been added to the gruesome record of legal horrors.

There would seem to be but one way in which to avoid a repetition of a like occurence in the future, and that would be to wipe out the per- nicious practice that make such occurences pos- sible. To put it mildly, the so called “‘third degree’’ of the ‘‘system,’’ is a relic of atrocious barbarism, and it should be wiped out of existence as quickly as possible by those who have it in their power to frame the laws of the land. The sooner this is done, the sooner will follow a quickening sense of respect for the law by those who wish to see that justice and equality are accorded to both the poor and rich alike.