---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '1801'
image: umpire_1916_138.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- criminality
- ' prison'
- ' penal press'
- ' The Square Deal'
title: It Doesn't Pay
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

IT DOESN'T PAY

The editor of The Square Deal has repeatedly shown evidence of his ability in many ways, no less than in the following article which we pass ou to our readers for their edification: ‘‘Analysis proves that our general make-up differs in no way from that of our brother on the other side of the wall, and yet we are isolated from the rest of the world. What’s the cause of it? What’s wrong with us, or, as some feel, what’s wrong with the rest of the world? With the rest of the world—nothing, with us—here itisina nutshell: We fellows are bucking a game of which we know practically nothing, and one that can’t be beaten.

“We’ve walked to Madam Fortuna and, holding up our liberty, staked it against our brothers’money. Did we lose? We must have, for our liberty is gone. Of course, I don’t mean to say that we lost the first, time—that is not all of us. Perhaps we got away with the other fellow’s money once or, maybe, twice; but what happened then? Why, we spent the winnings and came right back again and staked our liberty. anyone expect to win every time at the game? Certainly not! And, listen, the very first time that we lost we were thrown out of the game— broke.

Some of us are reluctant to acknowledge that WE, and not the would-be victims, are the “suckers.” It is rather hard, after years of patting ourselves on the back while ‘‘bulling’’ ourselves into thinking that we’re THERE when it comes to being clever, to have some one hand us the book of rules, in which in 18-point type is an introductory note explaining that the player, after staking his life or liberty, is then ready to play his hand alone against something like 90,000 law-abiding opponents. Some game isn’t it.

“And yet, in spite of the odds, we very often think we have won. We spend the winnings and forget all about the incident. Later on, we lose another hand and find to our surprise that where we thought we had won on the previous play we had in reality lost, and the grand jury sends us the bills (true bills), which we must pay. Ask the fellow who has finished his term only to find three or four more indictments and warrants awaiting him in the front office. Tough, isn’t it?”’

To the wise (?) man, who “‘knows it all,”’ we would simply suggest that he should turn over the above statement a few times in his mind; perhaps it may induce a little serious thought on the future. At least we hope it will for his sake.