---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '1803'
image: umpire_1916_138.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- science
- ' Charles Darwin'
- ' bees'
title: Darwin's Thoroughness
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

DARWIN’S THOROUGHNESS

Henri Fabre, the naturalist, tells “a characteristic story about Charles Darwin and himself. Darwin wanted to exaplain the “homing’’ instinct of bees, and induced Fabre to begin a series of experiments with that purpose in view. A regular plan of campaign was drawn up. Marked bees were placed in a dark box and - carried away from the hive in the opposite direction from that in which they were finally liberated. The box was repeatedly turned about, so that the inmates would lose all sence of direction. Every possible means was taken to render useless any known or conceivable The bees were even placed within an induction coil in the effort to confuse them. The result of a long and elaborate series of tests was so far as any explanation of the homing power was concerned. In every case from thirty to forty per ceat of the bees found their way home without apparent trouble, no metter how confusing the trip away from home had been made. 

The story is characteristic, commentsa writer in a New York paper, because it illustrates the thorough way in which the author of the ‘‘Origin of Species’’ attacked all his problems. He was not one to merely ‘‘opine prettily and probably,’”’ and let it go at that. He put everything to the test of experiment,and when the answer came out wrong, or didn’t come out at all, he “‘scrapped’’ the hypothesis as a matter of course instead of trying to explain away its failure.