---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '1804'
image: umpire_1916_139.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' ships'
- ' Philadelphia'
- ' New York'
- ' prison'
- ' Sing Sing'
- ' prison administration'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

John Tom Rogers, more than eighty years old, once more showed the young men of Sussex County, Del., what it really means to dance, when he easily wrested the dancing championship for Sussex County, from all who attempted to either show him new steps or tire him out in the annual contest held every year at Oak Orchard, on the Indian Bay, for years.

Late information from New York, announces that Dean George W. Kirchwey is to continue in the state’s prison service as special agent and adviser to James M. Carter, State Supt. of Prisons. If true, Dean Kirchwey will have an important role in the entire prison system of the state. Evidently Mr. Carter realizes the value of an able man when he sees one, and he is to be commended for his acumen in retaining Dean Kirchwey in the state’s service.

Two prisoners at Sing Sing, James Strang, and August Flashky, rated as trusties, ‘‘made their get away’’ from that place last week, thereby breaking their pledge and sacrificing the interests of their comrades, besides bring- ing discredit upon the prisoners league.
Both were serving sentences of more than nine years for robbery. The were sent to do interior decorating in the house of Frederick Dorner, head keeper. The prisoners took two blue suits belonging to a guard, and walked out of the gate.

We are informed by a New York paper that the people of that city do not work so hard as they did a quarter of a century ago, or at so high a pressure. Visitors from London wonder how we got our reputation for being strenuous and beating the clock. The call us slow.There has grown up, in fact, a tolerant feeling for the placidity and moderate ways of Philadelphia. Jokes at the expense of that old-fashioned city are not heard so often in New York now. We have learned to live rationally and we are rather proud of it.

The largest car ferryboat on Lake Ontario, built at Toronto, Ontario, has recently made its initial trip between Cobourg, Ontario, and Charlotte, the port for Rochester, N. Y. The new boat, known as "Ontario No, 2," isa companion vessel to ‘‘Ontario No. 1," through a trifle larger, 'No. 2" being 318 feet long, 54 feet wide, with a rated capacity of 5567 tons. It can carry 30 loaded freight cars and 1000 passengers.

A very clever idea in the way of an enlisting station for recruiting United States marines has been devised by recruiting officers of that branch of the service, in this city. These recruiting officers formed the ‘idea of converting their station intoa battleship, and after considerable labor and no little display of ingenuity, there is now on the street, with its ‘‘14-inch guns’’ pointing across the plaza, at the Penn statue onthe city hall, the good ship, Semper Fidelis, not listed in Uncle Sam’s naval roster, but doing good service just the same.