---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '1812'
image: umpire_1916_140.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Mexico
title: More Trouble In Mexico - New Revolution Started - Chilean Consul Says "They
  Need A Good Licking"
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

MORE TROUBLE IN MEXICO— NEW REVOLUTION STARTED —CHILIAN CONSUL SAYS “THEY NEED A GOOD LICKING”

Late news reports from El Paso, Texas, is to the effect that a large band of revolutionists held up a train on the Mexican National Rail- way near Aguas Calientes, Durago, taking prisoner the 75 Carranza soldiers comprising the escort. The baggagemen also were taken captive.

The revolutionists told passengers they be- longed to a recently organized group calling themselves ‘‘Legalistas.” On their hats they wore ribbons in the red, white and green of Mexico, stamped with the word ‘‘Legalista.’’

Reports were current that Carranza soldiers suffered defeat by Villa’s main band near Escalon, Durago, several days ago. Mexican au- thorities admitted that a new and serious condition of affairs was facing them, but claimed they were fully able to cope with the situation.

The Mexican authorities are very anxious to have General Pershing’s troops ordered out of the country, claiming that the punitive expedition is the only thing which stands in the way of peace in Mexico, at least so declared General Gabriel Gavira, Inspector General of the de facto forces in northern Mexico, on his arrival in Juarez from an inspection trip in northern Chihuahua in the vicinity of the American camps.

In a statement made by Marcos G. Huidebro, Chilian Consul to New Orleans, who is now visiting this city, to the representative of a local paper, hesaid that, "Undoubtedly, Mexico needs a good licking.”

In discussing the Mexican situation, however, the Consul wished it distinctly understood that he was merely expressing personal opinions, and not speaking as an official of the Chilian Government. He is staying at the Union Lea- gue as the guest of Harry Sparhawk. He is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and has many friends in this city.

"Present conditions in Mexico are deplorable and to call the present regime a government is absurd,’’ he said. ‘‘I think most people agree that a licking would do the country good. It would probably act as a stabilizer.”

When asked whether it was up to the United States to administer the licking, Mr. Huidebro smilingly declared that he did not care to make his statements too strong. ‘‘Naturally, we know the United States is capable of doing it,” he continued, ‘‘because it is by far the more powerful country.” After discussing the situation along these lines, however, the consul suddenly reverted to the speech of the diplomatic and said that he hoped affairs between the two countries would be settled peaceably.