---
author: B-7819
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '1815'
image: umpire_1916_140.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 2nd Section of the H. F. C. enjoyed their much deferred outing Saturday afternoon. Wind and sun had seemingly agreed that it should be a perfect day, and the boys did their best to live up to it. The usual parade around the institution fcatured the events of the day. Led by the Chief Marshal, A 8432, and his aides B 7983, Trea., B 7819 B 5602, Reps. the boys, some 600 strong, stepped off briskly to the spirited music of the band, led by Prof. Weigandt. There were some stragglers, but these were like the poor we have always with us. Keep step boys, don't lag. Now is the time to learn this vital need of life—the necessity of keeping perfect step and alignment with one’s fellow men. After the parade the major- ity of the members gathered about the sixth block lawn and heard the H. F. C. Orchestra, splendidly conducted by Prof. Weigandt, ren- der a fine musical program. Their playing was quite up to their fine standard and was fully appreciated. During the intermission the am- ateur talent of the club gave us their best. B 7478 leading off with some very good singing. The Quartette, B 5853, 6291, 7371 and 7825, then expressed feeling their desire to be in Dear Old Georgia. A wish prompted perhaps by some remembrance of the Georgia water- melon, eh boys.

We had almost forgotten to mention the new pennant of the 7th Gallery, an omission which we fear the boys would not have soon forgiven us as they are justly proud of their fine new emblem, the first of its kind. We feel obliged to caution the members of the Club against so much loud talking and other noice, after being called out and -while awaiting their turn to march out. Please remember this boys and try to avoid a repetition of it is liable to make a bad impression.

This means that we should all pull together for the good of the H.F.C. Remembering awaysthata good example is a wonderful power for good, And that he who helps himself helps others For no man liveth to himself alone. Least of all when in such cases as ourselves.

Weather permitting next Saturday Aug. 26th the following Blocks and Galleries comprising ube First Section of the H. F. C. will go out. 1. B. 8, B. 11, B. 6, B 6, G. 12, B. 12, B 1st G.12, B. 2nd G.

—Rep. Del. 7819 5602