---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '1816'
image: umpire_1916_141.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- presidential election
- ' Republicans'
title: Hughes Winning Votes On His Western Tour
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HUGHES WINNING VOTES ON HIS WESTERN TOUR

Says “All Who Work Should Have Ade- quate Compensation”—Entering a New Era of History

A report from Laramie, Wyo., announces that Charles E. Hughes was greeted by an immense crowd at that place following his arrival there on Saturday. In his speech he reiterated his declaration for a protective tariff, enforcement of civil service and a busi- ness-like administration of government.

“We should have but one ideal in making appointments,’’ the Republican nominee for the presidency declared: ‘‘that ideal should be efficiency. Paper programs and statutes amount to nothing unless we have efficiency. Efficiency—that’s the watchword of the twentieth century.’’

Mr. Hughes reviewed what he termed ‘‘a fine record of Republican achievement’’ in the enactment of labor legislation.

“I am for that and more," he said, ‘‘we ought to-have an adequate compensation in order that all who work may be assured proper protection and adequate compensation in case of accident.” Mr. Hughes left for Cheyenne shortly after noon.

Upon his arrival at Cheyenne, Mr. Hughes was met by a cowboy escort and two brass bands. The nominee and his wife headed an automobile parade through the streets.

He addressed an audience at Frontier Park there, on the importance of upbuilding Ameri- can industries to meet European competition after the war. This, he said, could not be done under a tariff for revenue only, but could be accomplished under a protective tariff such as the Republican party proposed. He continued.”

The problems that we are facing today are not exactly like those which we have dealt with in the past. We are entering upon a new era of history. I do not think the world will be the same world after the European war that it was before. The upbuilding of American industry lies at the very foundation of the future of the United States. It can never be done under an administration that frames its tariff for revenue only.

On September 6 Mr. Hughes will have a 30-minute stay between trains at Cinncinnati, O. It is probable that he will make a brief address there. He will go direct from Cincinnati to Maine.

The Hughes trip will end September 11, at Syracuse, N. Y., where he will speak at the State Fair. Mr. Hughes will take a rest of two or three days at Bridgehampton, N. Y., and then start on his second trip.