---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '1817'
image: umpire_1916_141.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- airplane
title: Curtiss Biplane Makes New World Record
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CURTISS BIPLANE MAKES NEW WORLDS RECORD

A late Newport News, Va., dispatch states that Victor Carlstrom established a new world’s record for a 10-hour flight when he covered a distance of 661 miles in 8 hours and 40 minutes in one of the latest types of Curtiss twin military biplanes, a combination land and water machine.

Unless the mark is bettered, Carlstrom will win the Curtiss trophy for this year. The trophy was won last year with a flight of 500 miles. In addition, Carlstrom received $7000 for his flight, this amount being offered as a bonus by the Curtis, Aeroplane Company.

The flight was made over a course from this city to Fisherman’s Island, a distance of 51 miles for the round trip. A heavy fog made steering by the compass necessary. At times Carlstrom reached a speed of 90 miles an hour. He started out to make 700 miles in 10 hours, but carburetor trouble on one occasion and two stops to replenish his gasoline supply consumed an hour and 20 minutes. One hundred and forty gallons of gasoline was used on the trip. The machine is equipped with two engines of 110 horsepower each.

The flight was considered by the Aero Club of America and local aeronauts as the most important aviation event of the year, and the result was watched by army and navy officers of several nations, as well as by manufacturers, with great interest. The machine used is declared to be the best heavier-than-air machine developed either in the United States or abroad. It is possible to change the biplane from a land machine to a water machine in a few minutes.