---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '1822'
image: umpire_1916_142.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- justice system
- ' prison reform'
title: Given Another Chance
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

GIVEN ANOTHER CHANCE

It is pleasing to note that the editor of a local paper has seen fit to make comment in its columns on the case of a juvenile delinquent that recently came before Judge Mac- Neille, of the Juvenile Court, in this city. The offender in question is a lad of tender years—named Henry—and the Judge has taken special interest in the case with the intent to see that ample opportunity is given the youth to mend his ways and become a due respecter of the law.

As the writer declares, the story is one ‘‘that needs no adornment, and it carries a moral that needs no pointing. It reveals in the clearest light the purpose of the Juvenile Court as well as the highly practical nature of the procedure. Henry does not appear to be a bad boy, though he has already been before the court half a dozen times. He is just a motherless waif, rather cleverer than most, as his more or less successful attempts to imitate Charlie Chaplin indicate. He has been sent to the shelter of the Seybert Institution and has run away. Any boy will understand his explanation. He felt as if he were being treated as an invalid. "I know it’s the rule out there,” Henry told the Judge, ‘‘to keep the kids in the shelter until they know all about their health. But I don’t like it.” What healthy boy would? So the Judge aceepted Henry’s offer to go to the institution itself and sent him there unaccompanied, on his word of honor that he would go. And Henry kept his word and went.

Suppose the boy had been haled before a less sensible and kindly magistrate. Suppose the police had described him as a hopeless case, ‘‘one who gives us a lot of trouble, your Honor.” Suppose he had thereupon been sent with hardened offenders to jail. What would have happened then? The answer is easy. The odds are nine to one that society would have another criminal on its hands. There are boys who appear to be irreclaimable. Henry may be such a boy. But at least he is to have an opportunity to show the stuff that is in him. It is much more important to prevent crime than to punish its victims. It is much more important to save these boys and girls, so far as possible, from the consequences of their errors than to inflict upon them a penalty that will rob them of their self-respect. “All hope abandon, ye who enter here’’—that is what society says to the juvenile offender when it deals with him in the old harsh way. Is it not better to say to him, "You are just a human boy, not bad nor yet good. You haven’t had much of a chance, but we are going to give you one. We put you on your honor to do the right thing in return.” It would be an unhuman boy indeed who did not respond to this appeal.

It is but just to Judge MacNielle, to say that his excellent work in the Juvenile Court has attracted wide attention and is winning him many warm friends among those who have the best interests of refactory youths at heart, and believe that ‘‘an ounce of prevention is worth more than a pound of cure.”