---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '1823'
image: umpire_1916_142.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- mail
- ' prison'
title: For Greater Mail Privileges
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

FOR GREATER MAIL PRIVILEGES

The subject of greater mail privileges for prison inmates is receiving stronger impetus as time advances. A recent number of The Survey contains an article by Miriam de Ford Collier, in which the writer says that ‘‘while prison honor systems and increased liberty for inmates are occupying public attention from Sing Sing to San Quentin, it is interesting to read of the struggle that one prison official has had to secure such a relatively mild change in prison life as greater mail privileges for inmates.

“The official is J. J. Sanders, parole clerk of the Arizona State Prison at Florence, Ariz.
When Mr. Sanders went to the Arizona institution three and one-half years ago, he knew nothing about the practical workings of such institutions. He had not been there dong before he had adopted as his rallying cry, ‘‘Unlimited daily mail for convicts.” A pamphlet entitled Prisoners’ Mail was sent to governors, senators, congressmen, the President and his cabinet, prison wardens, prison workers, newspapers, magazine, and women’s clubs, and is soon to be printed as a Senate document.

“Prisoners’ Mail contains the reports of the warden of every state prison on mail and reading privileges in their institution. One of its surprising revelations is that the so-called ‘‘backward South’’ claims five of the eight states which allowed unlimited daily mail for the inmates of their state prisons be- fore Mr. Sanders began his campaign. These are Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi. The other three states are Arizona, Nevada and Rhode Island.

“Since Mr. Sanders began his campaign, the privilege of unlimited daily mail has been granted in Oklahoma, New York, California, Maine and Georgia. Illinois has raised the number of letters prisoners are allowed to write from one every five weeks to one every two weeks. Virginia now allows one letter a month instead of one every two months as before. Only one letter monthly is now allowed in Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, Penn- sylvania, South Carolina and Washington. ‘‘Third grade" men, i. e., those degraded for infraction of rules, have no mail privileges whatever in Kentucky, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Ohio, South Dakota and Tennessee.

“The abominable rules in force in nearly all American state prison restricting prisoners’ mail,” says Mr. Sanders, ‘‘are a lasting disgrace to our American civilization. As well expect a giant cactus to grow and develop at the north pole as expect men and women to become better citizens in a prison holding to these dark-age customs of restricting the writing and receiving of letters, magazines, periodicals and newspapers. Cut loose the anchor that binds them to the past and give the man and woman in prison every opportunity to grow and develop.’’