---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '1827'
image: umpire_1916_143.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' war'
- ' airplanes'
- ' police'
- ' prison'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Governor Brunbaugh has appointed Herman L. Collins, of this city, asa trustee of the Home for Training of Deaf Children, at Philadelphia.

Special dispatches to Dutch newspapers, declare Germany and Austria have reached an agreement providing for the recognition of autonomy of Poland. The dispatches add that this has been announced in Warsaw.

On the theory that an American citizen cannot renounce his treaty rights except by renouncing his citizenship, the Washington Government will not recognize the decree pubblished recently in Mexico City making renunciation of treaty rights the basis of future commercial concessions. There isno indication however, that a formal protest will be made unless a case in point should arise.

The police authorities of Chicago, have instituted a system under which each one of the prisoners in custody must walk before a motion-picture camera that records his characteristic gait and attitudes before he realises what is happening. All the pictures are then reproduced and shown on a screen to the detectives and policemen in each of the forty-five police stations in Chicago.

One American company has orders for eleven battle planes, each to weigh fifteen tons, the framework wholly of steel, wings to spread 180 feet, length fore and aft over 100 feet. The machine carries two engines of 800 horse power, either or both of which may be used. It carries four 14-inch and 2-inch guns, and a crew of six men. Its speed is to be eighty-five miles an hour.

A transportation dream of many years will be realized when the three and half million dollars bridge of the Paducah & Illinois Railroad over the Ohio River is finished; and at the same time a great railroad route will be completed, connecting up a territory reaching from Norfolk and New Orleans, to Portland. It willlink the Atlantic Coast Line and Louisville & Nashville Railroads with the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy and the Great Northern Railway systems.

Police work of a sociological kind is being recommended in behalf of the boys without homes who encamp about the warehouses on the waterfront at Valparaiso, Chile. The chief element in the plan is a school, where some of the younger of the neglected lads can be taken and broughtup. Though the utilitarian argument, thatthe scheme would save merchants from the depredations of the boys, is brought forward, it is plan that conservation of human values is the chief aim, as in the juvenile reforms started by Arthur Woods, commissioner of police, in New York city.