---
author: B-8266
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '1839'
image: umpire_1916_144.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The outing of the 1st Section of the H. F. C. Saturday afternoon was a pronounced success. The Clerk of the Weather was pleased to furnish his very best brand for the occasion, and the boys felt themselves obliged to reciprocate in kind, and did so, by showing the best of cheerfulness and good-feeling. Those who owned grouches were careful to leave them behind in their apartments, and show only a smiling gace to their fellows. Thereby showing their wisdom, as there is no asset like a smile. 

The usual parade around the institution grounds was held. Led by Grand Marshal, A 8432, and his aides, the line made a very creditable appearance. There was an abundance of cheering music; there being two bands in line; the first led by B 6765, while Prof. Wiegandt led the second in person. An abundance of good music certainly contributes to excellence of marching. We feel compelled to compliment the 1st Block in particular upon it’s fine appearance. The pennants of the 6th, 8th and 11th Blocks waved proudly in the breeze,and gave the needed touch of color to the line.

Upon the disbanding of the parade the members divided their attention between a hotly contested ball-game—a game which ended in disaster for the Club team, thus breaking a long record of victory—and the concert by the H. F. C. Orchestra upon the sixth Block lawn. The members responded to the able leadership of Prof. Wiegandt and gave us a real musical treat. During the intermission B 7478 entertained us by singing the tender little ballad, ‘‘Eyes of the World,”’ and made a great hit by his spirited rendition of “Dixie Land.” B 5575, 6765, 5816 and 5853 gave us some fine instrumental music, playing a couple of selections which were much enjoyed by the audience. The new white caps of the President, Vice-President and others are the last word in chicuese, and exicted much favorable comment. We feel we can safely assert that all enjoyed themselves and were happy in thus being allowed to mingle freely with their fellows and free for the moment of watch and ward. Bound only by the sense of honor which is the heritage of all, which burns in a greater, or less degree in every breast. Sometimes almost choked by indifference and neglect; Yet needing only sympathy and encouragement to burn a clear and steady flame, and be the light and guide of Life. Next Saturday, September 2nd. Weather always permitting, the following Blocks and Galleries compris- ing the 2nd Section of the H. F. C. will be out. 3 B. 4 B. 5 B. and gallery 7 B. & G. and 9 B. 

—By B 8266