---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '1843'
image: umpire_1916_145.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- strike
- ' labor'
- ' wages'
- ' railroad'
title: Railroad Strike Averted By Passage of Eight-Hour Bill
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

RAILROAD STRIKE AVERTED BY PASSAGE OF EIGHT- HOUR BILL

President Signed Bill Shortly After Arrival at Washington

According to the latest dispatches from Washington, it is now believed that all danger of a country-wide railroad strike has been averted, for the present at least, by the action of the Senate and House of Representatives, in passing the eight-hour bill for railroad workers. The bill also calls for the appointment of a commission to investigate the effect of it on railroads and their employes. It is said that this measure will be satisfactory to the brotherhoods.

The provisions of the Adamson eight-hour railroad bill are as follows:

“That, beginning January 1, 1917, the standard work day, for the purpose of reckoning compensation for employes on steam railways more than one hundred miles long, engaged in interstate commerce, shall be eight hours.

“That a presidential commission of three shall be appointed.

“That the commission shall observe the operation of the eight-hour standard work day for not less than six months nor more than nine months.

"That 30 days thereafter the members shall make their report.

“That daily wages shall not be reduced below the present amount for a longer day during the investigation, and overtime pay shall be pro rata.

“That any person violating any provision of the act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction shall be fined not less than $100 and not more than $1000, or imprisoned not to exceed one year, or both.”