---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '1849'
image: umpire_1916_146.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- criminality
- ' prison reform'
- ' stigma'
title: Fair Play For Ex-Convicts
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

FAIR PLAY FOR EX-CONVICTS

Among the numerous articles that have appeared in the various papers of late, treating of the ex-convict and his problems, we believe the following editorial, taken from the columns of a local paper, to be most edifying, and worthy of repeating for the benefit of our readers.

“In every well-run family the child who disobeys or is ‘naughty’ is punished.

“For instance, ‘Junior’ grabs his sister’s doll and breaks it. Sitting as court and jury, his mother finds him guilty, sentences him to a spanking and administers it. Or he may be sent to bed or deprived of some play-liberty for the day.

“In any event, his debt is canceled when he has paid the penalty imposed for his misdeed. We never have heard of a well-run family in which such an offender has been told, a week after, that he couldn’t go on a picnic or play croquet ‘because you broke your sister’s doll.’

“Such a course would make a youngster doubt the existence of justice. If old enough, he might wonder why his father was not compelled to pay a certain bill twice. Nor would such logic be faulty, under the circumstances.

‘“Let ‘Junior’ grow to manhood and, in a fit of temper or while drunk, crack some fellow’s skull. His mother, the state, finds him guilty of aggravated assault and sentences him to a few years in prison. But for proof of previous good behavior—or intoxication, which is the major cause of all crime—his term might be longer.

“Like a majority of the men sent to prison, however, he is not a criminal, but a vietim of mental lacks or misdirected energy. He is not a "bad man.” With anything like corrective treatment while in prison, probably he will come out better than he went in. At least, this is a reasonable expectation under the system of enlightened penology now becoming general.

“For good conduct, his term is shortened. Or he is paroled before having served it out. In the one case the state says to him in ef- fect, ‘You have paid your debt. Your account is squared. Go back to honest, peaceable living.” In the other case it says, ‘You have shown a desire and ability to live honestly and peaceably. Go out and show yourself capable of such a life and you need not come back.’

“He walks out of the big iron gates—and what happens?

“Unfortunately, in most instances, his experience is like that of a man whose story caused us many years ago to resolve that no chance to further fair play for ex-convicts ever should be lost.

"That man had served a short term in the Eastern Penitentiary for burglary. Under stress of circumstances which might have caused many a one to stumble he entered a shop one night and stole a small quantity of things he needed. He was caught, and pleaded guilty. The judge gave him five years.

“His prison conduct was so exemplary that when he walked out, a free man, the warden said he wished he could give him a good job.

“ 'I’ll have no trouble getting one,’ answered the man. ‘I never wanted to lead a wrong life, and my experience here has helped me to avoid falling again.’

“Within a week he was working in a Kensington factory. He had been there ten days, doing his task admirably, when the foreman called him aside one morning and told him he would have to stop work.

“ ‘I'm sorry, for you are a good worker. But some of the men have heard about you, and they would make trouble if we kept you.’

“A few days later he got a clerical job, in a shipping house on the river front. After a week of satisfactory service, he was dismissed for the same reason as that given in the factory. Still undiscouraged, he sought and got employment in a Chestnut street grocery store. Within two weeks his pay was raised, but a few days afterward the manager sent for him.

“ 'Some of our clerks have heard you are an ex-convict and demand your discharge,’ said this official. ‘If I were the only one concerned, I would let you stay, but you see my position. We cannot keep you.’

"The ‘ex-convict’ looked his employer Square in the eye. “‘I have served a term in prison—for burglary,” he said. ‘I am not a burglar, however, and I came out determined to work honestly. I thought I had settled my score with the state, but it looks as if I had something else to deal with—a curious conception of Christianity. Of course, I will leave. But you are sending me back to prison. I will have to resort to theft now to keep alive. And not being a clever thief at all I will be caught.’

“With that he left, and two weeks later he was again entered on the books of the Eastern Penitentiary.

“His spirit was broken. He had stolen a small sum of money, but only after others had stolen from him that faith in fellow-beings which makes men worth while and keeps them useful.

“If Henry Ford had then been in his pres- ent business and that man had wandered his way, perhaps he would have become a big man in that vast factory.

“For today one of Mr. Ford’s highest-salaried lieutenants is a man who only a few years ago was serving a sentence in a Western prison. He was pardoned, and the Detroit manufacturer employed him knowing all about his past. And because of that knowledge doing all he could to help him work out a profitable future!

“As the Founder of the Christian religion did when He chose for His right-hand man one who had been persecuting Christians!

“So we cannot speak of this as the ‘new humanity,’ though it was so long lost in the shadow of ignorance and injustice that its present appearance does more resemble birth than resurrection.

“To all intents and purposes it is a new humanity, however. And in every part of the broad field of penology, as well as in scores of other fields equally important, it is making for a saner and more Christian attitude and juster methods of dealing with wrongdoers.

“Naturally, one of its first aims has been to correct, if possible, the great injustice exemplified in the incident just related. Not only because of the unfairness involved, but because this ‘ex-convict’ stigma is one of the chief causes for a return to misdeeds, this phase of the prison problem has been given serious consideration by many who are sincerely desirous of finding a way out.

“To deny that it is a most difficult matter to handle is to confess ignorance of human nature. And until the advent of a Henry Ford, who comes right out and says he only regrets he cannot employ thousands more ex- convicts than he does, and who has no trouble keeping his other employes because of this stand, it seemed far from solution.

“This pioneer in more than one field of economics and sociology has proved that his plan is workable—or, perhaps, it has fallen to his lot to be the first to reveal the turn in the tide! We do not wish to detract a dot from whatever credit is due him, although we would not belittle a growing change of sentiment.

“He has proved that at least a large percentage of ex-convicts can be trusted just like men who never have been in prison; that they are quite as industrious and able and perhaps a bit more easily managed, since they have undergone a discipline which would increase the value of the average worker.

“It is one thing to prove a proposition and quite another to popularize it!

“Witness Galileo, Newton, Harvey, and a host of others who have made epochal discoveries.

“Yet this matter of fair play for ex-convicts is to be popularized—and all through the efforts of a man who himself is a convict.

“Indeed, already its popularization has advanced to a stage of definite organization.

“Through the efforts of Winston Salisbury, an inmate of the Kansas State Penitentiary at Lansing, a national association known as ‘The Humanitarians’ has been incorporated, with the governor of Kansas as vice-president, and with men of the stamp of Governor Deneen, of Illinois; former Governor Foss, of Massachusetts; William Allen White, and President Ripley, of the Santa Fe Railroad, as advisers and supporters.

“The purpose of this association is to find congenial jobs in congenial localities for men discharged from prison or released on parole.

“The idea is to list individuals, firms and corporations everywhere who will employ members of the association, when properly recommended.

“Already several hundred business organizations in more than half the states have agreed to co-operate. With the movement less than four months old, it has attracted the attention and support of a considerable number of men and institutions in every part of the land. Hard-headed prison officials have approved it.”