---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '1851'
image: umpire_1916_147.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prison
- ' criminality'
title: The Man With A Crooked Brain
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE MAN WITH A CROOKED BRAIN

This particular one—as a litle newspaper item relates—was sentenced to three years in the penitentiary for burglary a quarter of a century ago. Within a short time after his release he was convicted, before the same judge, for another burglary and given a ten- year sentence. He had been at liberty but a short time after serving the second sentence when he broke into a butcher’s shop and stole two hams. For that, under the habitual criminal act, he was given a life sentence; but after serving nearly ten years he was pardoned.

We do not know how many thousand dol- lars he cost the state, first and last; but we are quite certain that neither he nor the state got any good out of it. The presumption, on the record, is that he is not fit to be at large and will presently steal again and get another prison sentence.

City police courts and. the circuit courts constantly have such cases to deal with. The mere fact that the same case comes back repeatedly is sufficieht evidence that, whatever else should be done with unfortunates who have these crooks in their brains, locking them up under ordinary prison regimenis a useless way of dealing with them. Under surveillance in the open, with healthy work to do, they might very likely be made of some real use to themselves and to society.

If there is any possibility of usefulness in any man, a walled hive of convicts is the poorest place we can think of for bringing it out. The ordinary state prison is usually the most expensive public institution in the commonwealth.

— Saturday Evening Post.