---
author: Printed By Request
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '1852'
image: umpire_1916_147.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- poetry
- ' Christianity'
- ' psalm'
title: The 51st Psalm Versified
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE 51st PSALM VERSIFIED

In mercy look upon me, Lord,
Though great my crimes have been; 
Wash out my foul iniquity
And cleanse me from my sin.

For numberless transgressions now 
Before my soul arise;
Do thou from the dark catalogue 
Turn off thy vengeful eyes.

Against Thee only have I sinned, 
Though God of pardoning grace;
And righteous would the judgment be 
That drove me from Thy face.

In wickedness I first was formed, 
Deceit dwells in each part,
And lo! Thou asketh truth, but Thou 
Must form anew my heart.

Purge me with hyssop, so shall I 
As driven snow be pure;
Make me to hear Thy gladdening voice, 
So I shall sin no more.

Look not upon my crimes, my God! 
Oh! blot out every sin— 
Create in me a clean heart, Lord! 
A spirit right within.

In anger cast me not away, 
Nor let Thy Spirit leave
Thy penitent—but oh! to me, 
Thy free salvation give.

Then will I speak in fearless truth 
Of all Thy love to me,
And by example strive to lead 
The wanderer unto Thee.

Deliver me from guilt of blood, 
My Saviour and my God!
And my loosed tongue shall testify 
Thy righteousness abroad.

No sacrifice that I could bring 
Would for my sins atone;
But Thou will accept a contrite heart, 
A sorrowing spirit own.

Do good in Thy pleasure, Lord! 
To all who worship Thee—
Let Thy own Church with joy be filled, 
With peace and purity.

Then shall the incense of the just 
To Thy high throne ascend;
And Thou who lovest all Thy saints 
Will to their prayers attend.

*By a Female Convict in the Moyamensing Prison, Philadelphia. 
Printed by Special Request.