---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '1858'
image: umpire_1916_148.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- anecdote
- ' Henry Ford'
title: Ford's Name Carved On Rock By Burroughs
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

FORD’S NAME CARVED ON ROCK BY BURROWS

A correspondent from Roxbury, N. Y., states that John Burrough, the naturalist, is a great admirer of Henry Ford, whom he ex- pects to have as a guest during the summer.

In a descriptive article the writer goes on to say that when Mr. Ford arrives at Roxbury, ‘‘he will find his name immortalized in John E. Burroughs’s own handwriting. It is engraved in solid rock beside the road a few rods from Woodchuck Lodge, Mr. Burroughs’ Roxbury cottage in the mountains. The naturalist put it there with a hammer and chisel which Mr. Ford sent him for' the purpose, and thereby hangs a tale.

“Two years ago Mr. Ford was visiting Mr. Burroughs in Roxbury and one day, time was hanging heavily on their hands. On this par- ticular day Mr. Burroughs said to Mr. Ford:

“ ‘Ford, I have a lot over across the road which has not been of any use to me because it is full of rocks, and I don’t know what to do about it.’

“Mr. Ford being a practical man, replied:

“ ‘Why don’t we go over and clear them out?” So, for two whole weeks, with the occasional assistance of a couple of farmhands, John Burroughs and Henry Ford dragged rocks out of that field. Mr. Burroughs admitted that they paused occasionally and there was a day once in a while when they did other things, but the fact remains that the field is now clear of boulders. In honor of his distinguished helper, Mr. Burroughs has named the plot ‘the Ford Field.’ ’’