---
author: B-8266
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '1859'
image: umpire_1916_148.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' parade'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

We feel sure that the members of 2nd Section of the H. F. C thoroughly enjoyed their Saturday half holiday. The weather, perhaps regretting its morning sulkiness, was well nigh perfect; and the boys tried faithfully to be in accord with it.

The parade led the event of the afternoon, and we regret to say, what should have been a fine appearing line was marred by too much straggling and slovenly marching. There were two bands in the line, and their playing was quite up to their fine standard. So you can’t blame it on the music, boys.

Brace up, keep step, keep the alignment. March as though you meant to get somewhere, instead of lounging along with an I-don’t-care-what-happens-to-me manner. Let’s all resolve to dobetter next time. And please don’t drop out of line until the order for disbandment is given.

We don’t aim to be military, but we aim to please. Let everybody obey orders cheerfully and the thing is done. Also, we notice that some still persist in smoking while in line, whether from ignorance or carelessness, we do not know. Attention has frequently been called to the fact that this is a violation of the rules of the Club, and the officers feel that forbearance has ceased to be a virtue. Those continuing in this practise will hear The officers of the Club wish to make it as easy for you as they can, are constantly seeking to add to your privileges, but unless you willingly co-operate with them their efforts must prove vain. Theirs is the responsibility, and they cannot neglect their duty.

We were pleased to note the presence of Mr. Dipple, one of our honorary members, who circulated among the boys, speaking words of cheer. May his tribe increase. The Band, exceptionally well conducted by Prof. Wiegandt, surpassed itself in its concert given on the 6th Blocklawn. Its rendition of the popular march, ‘‘The Stars and Stripes Forever’’ was particularly appreciated. We are justly proud of our band and its leader. During the intermission the members were entertained by B 7525, 7867, 8252, 7825, an excellent quartette who sang ‘‘Just a Dream’’ in such manner as to win two encores. The colored quartette by B 8068, 8239, 8282, 7725 also sang a couple of selections, and B 5575 gave a cornet solo with accompaniment. On behalf of our fellow-members we wish to thank you for your efforts to add to the afternoon’s enjoyments, and we assure you of our hearty appreciation.

Next Saturday afternoon, September 9, weather permitting, the following Blocks and Galleries forming the first section of the H. F. C. will be out: First B. 8-11-6-G. 12 B. and First and Second Gallery, and 10th Block.

By 8266. Rep. Del., B 7819—5602.