---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1861'
image: umpire_1916_149.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' trade'
title: Congress Passes Retaliatory Measure Before Adjourning
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CONGRESS PASSES RETALIA- TORY MEASURE BEFORE ADJOURNING

President Empowered to Retaliate for Blacklist—Commercial War May Follow—Can Forbid Clearance of British Shipping

Congress passed the general revenue bill before adjourning, which embodies a program of retaliation against Great Britain and her Allies was provided by the Senate in the form of amendments to the general revenue bill. The retaliatory measures which the President is authorized to take are drastic, and the significant thing about the Senate’s action is that it was approved in advance by the State Department.

In diplomatic establishments the Senate’s course is regarded as a serious menace to continued good relations between the United States and the Governments of Great Britain. If what was done by the Senate is enacted into law, the President, it is contended, will find himself empowered to undertake a policy of non-intercourse. This, it is suggested, will lead to commercial warfare, with all that such a warfare may mean to relations between this Government and the Allies.

The far-reaching importance of this legislation is fully understood here. Both political parties in the Senate are in accord with respect to it and it is not doubted, in view of that fact and the additional force it obtains through the approval of the Wilson Administration, thatit will be accepted by the House.

The most drastic amendment adopted by the Senate was offered by Senator Thomas, of Colorado, a Democrat and a firm friend of the Administration. It provided that the President during a war in which the United States was not engaged could withhold clearance from all vessels which discriminated against American shippers and withhold privileges from vessels of nations which with- held privileges from American shipping. The amendment authorized the President to use the army and navy of the United States to prevent the departure of offending ships.

The ease with which the amendment was adopted showed how thoroughly the Senate was in accord with the purpose of this drastic provision. The amendment is aimed partic- ularly at vessels which refuse to carry shipments of firms on the British blacklist. A fine of not less than $2000 or more than $50,000, or imprisonment not to exceed two years, or both fine and imprisonment, are the penalties provided for violation of the amendment.