---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1867'
image: umpire_1916_150.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- penal press
- ' Good Words'
- ' prison reform'
- ' news'
title: Let Us Have Fair Play
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

LET US HAVE FAIR PLAY

The great disparity often found between the editorial page and the news columns in some of the prominent newspapers has frequently been the cause for comment. Especially does this hold true of the prisoner undergoing punishment, and the man who has paid the penalty for his lapse from the straight and narrow path of the law-abiding.

Pointing out the need of a more just atti- tude from the offending outside press, Good Words says:

“For the man in prison, many a paper shows a fair and even a friendly attitude editorially, we reiterate, yet will allow news items to creep in which are erroneous, or misleading and often positively hurtful to the one being punished and especially so to his innocent family. That this is unjust, needs no argument.

‘‘As important as these suggested improvements are, there is another vastly more so. We refer to the newsman’s story of the released prisoner. We know not what consideration or influence actuates it. That is immaterial. But to regale readers with a detailed account of the old offense on the day of prisoner’s release into a none too friendly world— is not this absolutely inhuman?

“Will not the newspapers combine, through sheer force of noble impulse, to the end that they may help lift up the man whose sentence is over? Will they not use their powerful influence to help him rise again with a fair fighting chance to undo, atone and to rebuild the structure of his future life on nobler, lasting foundations? We are sure this is not asking too much. Remember, the debt to the state is paid. Encourage him to start right. Forget the past.

“With the power of the press allied to the more friendly attitude of employers of labor and with the growing belief of practical broth- erhood becoming daily more strongly exerted in his favor, the prisoner will face the day of release with brighter hope and greater determination than ever before.

“We believe that our judgment is right as to the desire of the newspaper to help us.

‘‘And we are confident that the sober second thought of the press of the country, in so far as it reads this appeal, will rise responsively to our respectful request.’’