---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1868'
image: umpire_1916_150.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- parole
- ' criminality'
- ' prison reform'
title: '"Advisers" To Paroled Men'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

“ADVISERS” TO PAROLED MEN

A writer in a recent number of the—— Monitor tells of a plan of having ‘‘an adviser” to each man paroled from the Minnesota state prison, and the state reformatory has proved so successful in Minnesota that Charles E. Vasaly of the state board of parole, and sponsor of the plan of the Prisoners’ Aid Society here, is asking for more business men to act in the capacity of next friend to paroled men.

“Nearly ever paroled man in Minnesota has an adviser, a business man who makes it his task to see that every step of the former prisoner is passed on and counseled before it is taken.

“Whether contemplating marriage, change of position or merely a holiday, many paroled men formerly sought advice of the state board, but that has been changed,’’ said Mr. Vasaly. “Hundreds of good citizens throughout the state, at least one in ever county, have taken that from our shoulders and are giving the paroled men aid and guidance far superior to that which the board could offer. They are ‘brothering’ the men, reintroducing them into society and aiding them to become useful members of their communities.

“There is the recent case of a paroled youth whose adviser is a banker. The former prisoner wrote the other day that he thought so much of his friend and wanted so heartily to show his appreciation of his kindness, thathe had opened an account in his patron’s bank. There may be a humorous side to that, but the fact that the man has been prompted to save his earnings should not be overlooked. Hundreds of similar instances of the invaluable service given by the advisers might be instanced.

“The adviser—best friend might be a better name—is not expected to furnish his man work or money, but friendship and counsel; to cheer him and guide him against going astray and to make him feel that in the world there is at least one man who holds toward him the attitude of a genuine friend and well wisher.

“Mr. Vasaly said that the need for volunteer advisers is great in the Twin Cities especially, because of the tendencies of the paroled men to go to the larger cities for employment.’’