---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1869'
image: umpire_1916_150.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
- ' optimism'
title: Every-Day Optimism
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

EVERY-DAY OPTIMISM

The importance of every-day optimism should not be overlooked. It finds expression in the now familiar slogan, ‘‘Smile,”’ which, in printed characters, hangs over the desks of so many men of broad viewpoint.

Optimism is an asset for an individual, for a business house, and in the conduct of civie and public movements of whatever character. It was a quality that distinguished the region’s pioneers, the men who wrought worthily - and effectively in the early history making days of Scranton, when the foundations were laid for the future of this bustling, busy community where the spirit of change, improvement and advancement still thrives and looks to constant progress.

Optimism must be cultivated just as consistently and as patiently today as it was in those times when out of small beginnings the structure of the city was reared. It should not be a thing of fits and flashes but an everyday quality to make onerous tasks light.

Optimism is the rainbow gilding real performance, bespeaking encouragement for worthy deeds, for fine undertakings, and for persistent and successful endeavor. No other inherent quality has figured more largely in the great affairs that have marked the progress of civilization toward general betterment. 

— Exchange