---
author: B-8266
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '1887'
image: umpire_1916_152.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

That the Saturday outing of the 1st Section of the H. F. C. was a success no one who was present will dispute. The weather attained to that happy combination of sun and breeze which makes for perfection, and the boys were evidently moved to respond in kind, cheerfulness and good order and general all-around happiness being the order of the day.

The parade was the feature of the afternoon’s events, marshalled by A 8432 and his aides, inspirited by the fine martial music of the two bands under the leadership of Prof. Weigandt, and B 6765 respectively, inaugurated by the bracing weather. The boys marched along well, a double circuit of the Institution grounds being completed before disbandment. As marchers, we believe the 8th Block carried off the honors of the day, with the 11th Block a close second.

The parade was followed by a band concert of a high order of excellence, Prof. Weigandt conducting with his usual fine ability.

During the intermission the Quartette, under the leadership of B7525, accompanied by 7867, 8252, 7825, sang a trio of selections, and the well rendered ballad, ‘I Want You.’’ B 7545 recited the ever popular ‘‘Casey at the Bat,’’ also a revised version of the same, and B8222 gave us ‘‘Curfew Shall Not Ring To-night,”” Harry closing with an exhibition of his mastery of the black art, which was convincing to say the least.

It was indeed a pleasant afternoon’s outing, and we feel sure that every one enjoyed it to the utmost. The opportunity to meet old friends and make new ones was not the least of the day’s enjoyments. So much of life depends up- on the friends one makes. There are friends and friends you know. Be friends in the truest sense of the word, allure to better things, and lead the way. One of the primary objects of this Club is promotion of friendliness, and what better purpose could one ask also? The ability to make and to keep friends is the secret of many a man’s success in life.

To win friends one must show cnesself friendly. When you meet a stranger, don’t begin at once to tell him your troubles; let George or Bill, as the case may be, do it. Give him the sympathy he seeks, and you have him. Next time he will be willing to listen to you. This method of being friendly is not copyrighted, and you are all free to use it. Next Saturday, September 16, weather always permitting, the following Blocks and Galleries, comprising the 2nd Section of the H. F. C., will go out: 3 B, 4 B, 5 B, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G, and 9 B. 

By B 8266. 
B 7819—5602, Rep. Del.