---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '1892'
image: umpire_1916_153.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- trade
- ' war'
- ' Britain'
title: Further Limitation Of U.S. Trade By Britain
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

FURTHER LIMITATION OF U. S. TRADE BY BRITAIN

Late reports state that British government officials, taking advantage of the coming election for the presidency, have added further restrictions on American trade with Holland and the Scandinavian countries. The restrictions consist in refusing to allow the Netherlands Overseas Trust to accept certain American consignments and declining to grant letters of assurance for American ship- ments of certain articles destined for Scandinavian countries.

British diplomats claim that two reasons induced their government to make its new move. The first is the simplicity of the plan, which enables the government to control supplies at the source. The second is the growing bill with which Great Britain is being pressed by neutral governments for demurrage and other expenses incurred by taking suspected ships into Kirkwall for examination.

Another blockade measure which also probably will interest Washington is the recent arrangement under which bureaus were set up in England and France for granting licenses for exchange of goods which figure on the list of prohibited imports. The American authorities contend that under the British-American commercial treaty of 1815 such prohibitions must be enforced equally against all countries.

The principle involved in the new British restriction is not new—that is it is not new in the controversy that has been in progress between the United States and the British government for nearly two years as a result of President Wilson’s protests against British restraints on American and other neutral commerce under the so-called blockade policy—but the new orders involve a different application of the principle for which Great Britain has been contending.