---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '1897'
image: umpire_1916_154.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' New York state'
title: Not An Ideal
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

NOT AN IDEAL

It sometimes happens that we become dissatisfied with conditions at hand and look afar for charm, expecting that distance may ‘‘lend enchantment to the view.” It does not always follow that our expectations are realized on investigation, as the second state may prove to be far worse than the first.

For instance, there has been much heralding of prison conditions in an adjoining state, which might lead one to believe that the ideal has been achieved. This does not prove to be the case, however, as may be seen by an account given by a writer in a New York paper, summarizing the report of the Prison Commission of that state.

“Solitary confinement in dungeons seven feet under ground, the rivetting of heavy chains to prisoners’ ankles and other medieval punishments, are in vogue in the Onondago County Penitentiary at Jamesville, the State Prison Commission has learned after an investigation, and it recommends "that the Superintendent who has authorized, continues and attempts to justify the reactionary methods of management and the cruel punishments is unfit and should be removed.” James Markell is the Superintendent.

“The commission finds that the administration of the penitentiary "is too severe, harsh and repressive; that the prisoners are compelled to wear the old prison clothes, both while at work in the institution and in public places.” It is declared that the prison has no written rules or stated penalties for breaking the rules and 'that the Superintendent exercises absolute power of judgment as to what offenses are committed and what punishments are inflicted.

“One method of punishment is said to be confinement in one of the eight dungeons in the institution. All are small and seven feet under ground, with inadequate light and ventilation. In these cells prisoners are confined sometimes for seventeen days, and the only food allowed is one slice of bread each day. It also is charged that women awaiting trial have been kept ‘in the same cell room with prisoners of the penitentiary.” The prison doctor has declared these dungeon cells unsanitary.

“Another charge is that prisoners who have tried to escape are compelled to wear chains for the rest of their terms, even while working in the quarry and at the road building, each chain weighing from 12 to 15 pounds and riveted to the ankles. Another form of punishment is to compel prisoners to ‘toe a crack,’ sometimes for twelve hours. It also is charged that no form of exercise or recreation is allowed to the prisoners, that no careful physical examination is made when prisoners enter the institution and that sometimes they are doubled-up in cells when contagious diseases exist. Conversation at meals is not permitted and letter-writing is allowed but once each month. Absolutely no education facilities exist, although in one year seventy-two illiterates were received.

“The commission recommends the abolishing of striped clothing, of chains on prisoners, the cellar dungeons and the ‘standing on a crack.” It asks that copies of the rules be put in every cell and corridor and that knowledge of the rules be conveyed to all non-English speaking prisoners, and that those to be punished should be confined in lighted cells above the ground, have half a loaf of bread twice a day, all the water they desire, and be allowed to exercise in the corridor.

“Recommendation is made that prisoners not undergoing punishment have one hour of free recreation daily, with half a day on Sundays and holidays; that they be allowed to converse at their meals and to write one letter weekly at the expense of the institution, and as many as they desire at their own expense, and that a teacher be provided for the instruction of illiterates. Entertainments for the prisoners are also urged.

“That ‘systematic and sympathetic efforts be made for the physical, mental and moral improvement of the prisoners to the end that they may issue from the penitentiary better men’ is recommended by the Prison Commission, which has not the power to enforce its recommendations. In the case of a county penitentiary such recommendations are made to the County Board of Supervisors, which may or may not heed them.”

Coming from any other source than the State Prison Commission, the report of conditions in the Onondago County Penitentiary would have found few believers. It carries us back a full century in punitive practise. Here we have the old heavy chains riveted to the ankles of prisoners for months at a time, the old underground dungeons in active use, with solid steel cells punctured with a few holes to let in a trifle of light and air; the old confinement without recreation, and some of the old cruelty stunts, such as compelling prisoners to stand for hours in a particular posture without deviation. And this in New York state when priding itself most on leadership in advanced penology! The Superintendent of this prison is to be removed, it is said. But what about the County Supervisors who are over him?