---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '1900'
image: umpire_1916_155.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' Henry Ford'
- ' wages'
- ' Republicans'
- ' presidential election'
- ' prison'
- ' Sing Sing'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Henry Ford is reported to be considering plans to run his big factories twenty-four hours a day, just as at present, but with four shifts instead of three, which means six hours for each employe. Further than that, each employe is to receive $1.00 an hour in wages.

Abram I. Elkus, the new American ambas- sador to Turkey, who stopped in Vienna on his way to Constantinople, is quoted by the Berlin Neue F'rie Presse as saying that his impression of Vienna, as well as of Berlin, was that conditions of life there were virtually unchanged. The amount of food was apparently enough, and thanks to the capable organization, he thought a sufficiency of provisions seemed assured.

It is reported at Washington that inquiry will be made of the French Government regarding the bombardment of Alexandretta, Asiatic Turkey, during which the building occupied by William M. Brewster, of New York, American Consular Agent, was riddled. The State Department will ask whether the shelling of the building was the result of carelessness. Brewster succeeded a Turk: as Agent.

The results in Maine will encourage Republicans all over the country. Party men feel confident that the Maine victory in September is significant of a national victory in November. The Democrats will attach no significance to it, but the fact remains that the campaign there was based upon national issues, as each party sent representative speakers to that State. The result is, therefore, highly significant. Had the Democratic party again carried Maine they would have considered it a forecast of a national success.

The blowing of the great whistle in Sing Sing prison awakened the town early one morning last week and gave warning that another of Warden Thomas Mott Osborne’s ‘‘Mutual Welfare League’’ members had been taking French leave. The prisoner who escaped was Elmer Schultz. It was thought he walked to the end of the yard and got over the iron fence along the river bank and dropped into the river. Schultz is the sixth prisoner to escape under the Welfare rule.

New legislation requiring all milk dealers in the State to use the sanitary, non-refillable milk bottles made of paper instead of the glass bottles now in common use is being framed by the officials of the State Dairy and Food Department, according to District Agent Simmers. The city officials, represented by David Clegg, chief miik inspector, are very much in favor of the proposed legislation, while many of the milk dealers themselves, according to Agent Simmers, will back such a reform.