---
author: B-8266
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '1908'
image: umpire_1916_156.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Saturday afternoon outing of the Second Section of the H. F. C. was a success from the start. No finer brand of weather was ever furnished us; a rain-washed, new wind-swept sky, and just the right mixture of sun and breeze. The clerk of the weather certainly deserves a vote of thanks for giving us such a perfect afternoon.

After circling the institution grounds the parade disbanded and the majority of the marchers gathered on the Sixth Block Lawn to hear exceptionally fine orchestra music and entertainment. Professor Weigandt was in the best form, and, the orchestra members responding brilliantly, gave us a real musical treat. We would ask the members of the Club to kindly refraim from unnecessarially loud talking while in the vicinity of the band-stand. If you feel you must talk, please go a little distance away. We of the music lovers’ clan would appreciate such courtesy.

The parade led off the events of the afternoon. There being but one band in line, the boys marched in columns of sixes instead of fours, as formely, thus materially shortening the column, and making it easier for all to hear the music. Wnether from this cause or another, we were pleased to notice an improvement in the marching of the boys of the Seventh Block and Gallery.

The officers of the Club, for the last time, call the attention of non-members to the fact that their presence on the grounds is neither permitted nor desired. Those persisting in violating this rule will be severely dealt with in the future.

A number of visitors were present and showed great interest in the activities of the Club. The Warden, Dr. Hart, Dr. Phillips, Mr. Dipple and brother, with a party of friends, were noticed, and we are sure they went away with golden opinions of the Club and its doings.

Again we were fortunate tohear Quartette No. 1, under the able direction of B 7525, and the good support of his mates, B 7867, 7825, and 8252. The rendition of ‘‘Brighten the Corner’’ and “My Little Girl” and ‘‘Meet Me at the Boardwalk’’ were well received, as the hearty applause given each time was ample proof. B 7478, sang, ‘‘They Made It Twice as Nice as Paradise, and They Called It Dixie Land.”

Quartette No. 2, B8068, 7425, 8282, 7871, these sang for us in pleasing style. BT737 sang that finest of old Scottish melodies, “Annie Laurie,” and B 8026, the Guitar King, obliged us with a solo.

Next Saturday, September 23, weather propitious, the First Section will go out, comprising the following Blocks and Galleries: 1 B, 8 B, 11 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12 B, 12 B-1 G, 12 B-2 G, 10 B. 

B 8266. 
Rep. Del. B 7918-5602.