---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '1911'
image: umpire_1916_157.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- trade
- ' war'
- ' Britain'
- ' mail'
title: President Said To Have Given Vigorous Instructions To Page
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PRESIDENT SAID TO HAVE GIVEN VIGOROUS INSTRUCTIONS TO PAGE

Late reports from a reliable source are to the effect that Walter H. Page, Ambassador to Great Britain, held a long conference with President Wilson at Long Branch, about British interference with American trade and mails. It was the first time Mr. Wilson and Mr. Page have had an opportunity to confer since the Ambassador’s arrival several weeks ago from abroad.

The President plans to outline to Ambassador Page in detail the position of the United States Government toward the British policy of interfering with American trade and mails.

Mr. Wilson desires to impress on the Ambassador the necessity of informing London that continued interference with the rights of the United States will not be allowed. The President is understood to take the position that the long delays of the British Foreign Office in answering the United States are without excuse.

Retaliatory features of the revenue bill passed during the last session of Congress were understood to be among the topics Mr. Wilson expects to discuss with the Ambassador at another time,

Washington, Sept. 22.—Great Britain’s delay in answering the American note regarding mail seizures, sent to London May 24, is believed by Allied diplomats here to be due largely to a desire to give first a practical working demonstration of changes recently instituted in censorship methods, notably with regard to expediting shipping documents. State Department officials indicate this will not appease this Government, which holds the seizures illegal in themselves.