---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '1917'
image: umpire_1916_158.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' criminality'
- ' escape'
title: One Who Tried To Make Good
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ONE WHO TRIED TO MAKE GOOD

Our attention was recently called to a story published in a New York paper, that for base ingratitude and pure malevolence would seem hard to beat.

As the story goes, a man who was a fugitive from Indiana justice was apprehended in New York through the perfidy of a former cellmate. According to the facts of the case the fugitive had forged a $400-check and had been sentenced in 1904 to serve from two to fourteen years. ‘‘He served twelve, being a model prisoner, without a demerit against him. He had often talked with his cellmate of the possibilities of escape, of pardon and of parole, and had been assured that Indiana justice knew neither pardon nor parole, and that escape was impossible. But he finally did escape when he had served a little over twelve years. In March of this year, while working with a road gang, the coming of night before the gang had returned to the prison offered him his opportunity, and he escaped, working for farmers, saving his money, and finally reaching New York, where he secured work in a storage warehouse and began to make good.’’

One day last month his old cellmate saw and recognized him, and compelled him to spend the money he had earned by dint of hard labor and economy, in a useless effort to obtain work for his former prison associate, and to feed him while work was being sought. When his slender means became exhausted, his ‘‘evil genius’’ turned upon him, became informer, and advised a detective of the man’s identity, and he was immediately arrested and taken to the Tombs prison, where he is being held for requisition papers for his return to the Western penitentiary.

When the facts of the case became public, men and women all over the country who believe in fair play, flooded the governor of the state with letters and telegrams asking executive clemency for this man who had tried to make good and probably would have succeeded had it not been for the diabolical meanness of his former cellmate.