---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '1923'
image: umpire_1916_159.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' joke'
- ' ships'
- ' wages'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A kennel has been added to the New York Hippodrome conveniences, so that patrons may check their dogs while they witness the performances. A veterinarian is in charge, and the service is free.

The Ford Motor Company announces that payment of the annual bonus usually made at Christmas time will be distributed at once. In the aggregate $860,000 will go to employes as a reward for services and results obtained in the year.

A fine of one cent and two minutes’ imprisonment in a courtroom chair was the punishment imposed on Michael Levin by Fed- eral Judge Landis in Chicago recently. Levin, who is twenty years old, had been found guilty of falsifying concerning his age to obtain a post-office position.

“From September 3 to September 13 a total of fifty-three ships, with an aggregate tonnage of 74,088, were sunk by our submarines in the English Channel and in the Atlantic says a revised statement by the Overseas Agency on submarine activities for the period indicated.

Charles McKee, of Ray, N. D., was stopping in a hotel in St. Paul, Minn. Wishing to shave, but having no soap, he went into the next room to try to borrow a shaving-stick. The occupant of the room proved to be his brother, from whom he had not heard in thirteen years. 

William McCormick, one hundred years old, admitted in an Elizabeth, N. J., police court recently that he had taken his son, who is more than sixty, across his knees and spanked him. ‘‘He annoyed the boarders,’’ said the centenarian, who charged his gray-haired offspring with disorderly conduct.

The steamship Paris, of the French Transatlantic Steamship Company, was launched at St. Nazairs last week. She is the largest steamship ever constructed in any French yard and will go into the service between Havre and New York. She has a displacement of 387,000 tons and has 45,000 horse power. She is 639 feet long, with a beam of 84 feet and a draft of 40 feet. She has accommodations for 3,000 passengers of all classes.

A bear which attacked and mauled Frank Welch, a Government teamster, in Yellowstone National Park so badly that he died, was killed a few hours later by two other teamsters, who had driven the animal off. They placed dynamite under a pile of army bacon. When the bear came back the trap was exploded.