---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '1924'
image: umpire_1916_159.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- poetry
- ' mother'
title: The Street Called Straight
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE STREET CALLED STRAIGHT

There’s a street called Straight, Oh! mother mine,
You told me of in the olden time,
When I sat on your knee so light and free
And your sweet brown eyes looked down on me,
The night shades fell and there in the fire
I saw your yearning heart’s desire,
As you pointed at the cheery flame,
And showed me the street that led to fame,
“The street called Straight,’’ you called it, dear,
Oh! mother mine, it was your prayer.

There’s a street called Straight, Oh! heart of mine,
Where we strolled through fields of love sublime
That led us to a leafy bower,
Where we talked long in the witching hour;
And you leaned on my arm and showed me the gate
That led away from the street called Straight,
And you warned me there of the danger where
A detour led away from this street so fair;
And you seemed so glad as we sauntered on:
Oh! heart of mine, I loved your song.

There’s a street called Straight, Oh! friend of mine,
That I left one day in my youthful prime,
For the vain detour that proved a snare
And the labyrinth of a low despair,
Where I plumb’d the depths of every fate
To see again the street called Straight.
Oh! mother mine, Oh! heart of mine,
Oh! friend of mine in an olden time,
Come, show me the road, if it’s not too late,
And lead me back to the street called Straight.

—Sing Sing No . 65,368 in The Star of Hope