---
author: B-8266
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '1931'
image: umpire_1916_160.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' parade'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 1st Section was favored with real Autumn weather for its Saturday outing, and we feel that all enjoyed themselves to the limit. The parade was the feature, and the boys made a very creditable appearance, a bit marred by those who persist in sticking their hands in their pockets and strolling along as if they were out walking with their best girl. Now we all are, or should be, proud of our organization, of ourselves, and of our fellows; but how can any one be proud of such a spectacle as some of these strollers present? The 11th Block carried off the marching honors of the day, with the 8th a close second.

It is feared that some have gotten the impression that smoking is entirely forbidden while on the grounds. It is only during the parade and while marching to and from the cell-house, that smoking is frowned upon.

The orchestra, under Professor Wiegandt’s able leadership, gave a fine concert. The Mandolin and Guitar Club, led by B 5048, played for us during the intermission. The quartette, B 7867, 7525, 8252, 7825, merit the very highest praise for their very excellent work, especially ‘‘Pip,’’ their leader. They sang ‘‘My Little Girl,” “Meet Me on the Boardwalk,’’ finally ‘‘Violets,” the product of our own home talent—lyric by Bloomingdale (B 7819), music by Wilson (B 5048). This made quite a hit with the audience. B 8171 then exhibited, to much applause, his complete mastery of the art of dancing, both plain and fancy.

The Club, at a large expense, has provided every member with a button. This button is meant to be worn at all times, and in plain sight. It is not a sacred relic to be kept in the bureau drawer, nor a piece of bric-a-brac to adorn the mantelpiece. It is your badge of honor, the outward symbol of the inner man, a sign that you are trying to live up to the best that is in you and trying to influence others to do the same. It is the badge of brotherhood and good-fellowship, and it insures your being treated with respect. Henceforth, without a button worn in plain sight, no one will be permitted to leave his cell on Saturdays, to enjoy the privileges of the Club, and any one not entitled to wear the button will be severely dealt with if found with one on his person. The wearing of this button proves you a member of the H. F. C. and a man who may be trusted. So wear it, be careful of in, and try to live up to the meaning of it at all times.

Next Saturday, September 30th, the 2nd Section, comprising the following blocks and galleries goes out (weather permitting) : 3 B, 4 B, 5 B, 5 G, 7 B 7, G, and 9 B.

B 8266. 
Rep. Dels. 7819, 5602.