---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1933'
image: umpire_1916_161.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- music
- ' concert'
title: St. Stephen's Church Choir Gives Fine Entertainment At E.S.P.
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ST. STEPHEN’S CHURCH CHOIR GIVES FINE ENTERTAINMENT AT E. S. P.

An entertainment of unusual musical excellence was given at this institution on Sunday afternoon last, by St. Stephen’s Church Choir, under the able direction of Prof. Francis P. Kinny.

The selections of the program were gems of the highest order, calling for exceptional talent to bring out the fine shading and harmonious effects. From the first few bars sung it was evident that the talent were masters in the art of song, and their singing proved a perfect delight to all in attendance.

Miss Cecelia A. Melia, soprano, sang Bizet’s “Agnus Dei,” with rare sweetness and perfect voice control, bespeaking the artist.

“From the Depths,” by Campana, was rendered by Mr. Edward A. McDonald, basso. His voice is of a mellow richness that is most Streete’s “Lead Thou Me,’’ by Miss Augusta A. Kohnle, contralto, delighted her hearers with her clever rendition and sweet, sympathetic voice. No less a treat was the the tenor solo by Mr. Charles A. Diver, singing ‘‘If With All Your Hearts,” by Mendelssohn. Mr. Diver has a tenor voice of fine quality not often found. A trio composed of Miss C. A. Melia, Miss A. A. Kohnle and Mr. C. A. Diver, sang Owen’s “Ave Maria,” with a perfect blending of voices and tonal quality that was a delight to hear.

The “Credo’’ from First Mass in G, by Marzo, and the ‘‘Palms,’’ by Faure, were rendered in an artistic manner by the entire choir, eliciting much praise from all sides.

Chaplain Joseph Welch was enthusiastic in praise of the fine program and excellent sing- ing of the choir, and very graciously express- ed thanks to the talent and visiting members of the American Society for Visiting Cath- olic Prisoners, under whose auspices the en- tertainment was given, for their interest in the welfare of the E. S. P. inmates.

The piano used at the entertainment was loaned by the H. F. C.