---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1935'
image: umpire_1916_161.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
- ' The Umpire'
title: Inside Jingles
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INSIDE JINGLES

Did you ever notice the fellow with a Duke’s Mixture pocketbook and a Prince Albert taste? Even so, Julius.

Arrived—One first-class motion picture machine.
Operators on 9-10-11th Blocks, please take notice.

“Yid,” the expert compositor on THE UMPIRE staff, hates to set up stuff like this, but ‘‘Orders is Orders.”

It seems as if the Printers were just ‘‘kidding’’ the Ninth and Cubs along. The deciding games were practically a walk-away for the former. The only fly in the ointment, was the fact that an arbitrator seemed necessary at times to preserve peace and harmony amongst the contenders.
And verily, our Warden is some arbitrator.

If the fact were only known, the best inventors and mechanics exist behind prison walls.
Only yesterday we saw a new invention which will absolutely revolutionize the quarrying of stone. It is called a stone stretcher, and the inventor claims, etc., etc., etc.
Belongs to the same class as the pail of steam and left-handed monkey-wrench.

The H. F. C. are having dress rehearsals for the coming entertainments.
Well, boys, we have the stage, material, and like the poor, we always have the audience, so it’s up to the directors to do the rest.
We would also suggest leather arm-chairs for the press representatives.

At the present writing there is some doubt as to the outcome of the checker tournament in progress at the Stonepile Club. ‘‘Kalamazoo Bill” is meeting all comers and up to press time has vanquished all but ‘‘Hump," who has held Bill down to three hundred games out of a possible six hundred. The final outcome is being eagerly awaited by an anxious public.
Lots of time, Bill, and then some.

Visitors being shown around the institution are surprised at the freedom enjoyed by many of the inmates. Some of the remarks which are accidentally overheard are worth repeating.
A sweet young thing was very desirous of seeing a ‘‘lifer” and asked the officer in charge to point one out to her. He, always ready to oblige, pointed out ‘‘Hage,” our celebrated twirler, who at that moment was innocently sauntering along. "My!’’ she exclaimed, ‘‘he don’t look a bit ferocious.”