---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1939'
image: umpire_1916_162.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- drugs
title: The Drug Habit Evil
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE DRUG HABIT EVIL

It is very satisfactory to note that the influential papers throughout the country are taking up the subject of the dope habit and its attendant evils. It is to be hoped that good results may follow a thorough discussion of this great evil and its baleful effects upon the unfortunate victims.

This is a subject that should receive the serious attention of all thoughtful citizens interested in the welfare of suffering humanity, and means should be found whereby traffic in this hellish stuff can be suppressed, or at least be put under proper control.

Commenting on the ‘‘drug addicted’’ as the most hopeless of all slaves of a life-destroying habit, a writer in a local paper goes on to say that ‘‘if there are fifteen thousand such in this city, in every class of society from high to low, they constitute a menace to the social welfare of alarming proportions. The immediate effect of opium and its derivatives is stimulating and there is no reason to doubt the assertion that brilliant intellectual work has been done under their influence.

But the reaction is paralyzing, and the ultimate result of continued use is the complete wreck of the victim physically and morally. There is hardly any crime on the calendar which a ‘‘dope fiend’’ will not commit; theft, blackmail, even murder, are familiars of his diseased brain. The necessity of stamping out such an evil is beyond argument,

“The difficulties in the way of checking its spread alone are unfortunately great. To prevent the open sale of these drugs accomplishes comparatively little. They can easily be passed from hand to hand and disposed of in small quantities. Moreover, those who crave them will go to any lengths to get them. Worst of all, they seem to be driven by an irresistible impulse to fasten ihe habit on others. It is a rare ‘‘dope fiend” who does not try to contaminate all his acquaintances.

“Thus the evil grows in secret to an amazing extent. The venders of ‘dope’ have no scruples. They will persuade even children into taking it if they can. For this reason the decision of the Supreme Court, that the clause in the Harrison act making the possession of the drug a misdemeanor is unconstitutional, however sound it may be in law, is unsound in morals. It takes away the one weapon that strikes at the very root of the evil. Surely legislation not open to this objection is possible! But we need not wait for that. The physicans have a responsibility which they can not ignore. The parents must guard their children so far as they can from temptation. No other form of vice is a monster of so hideous mien as the drug habit. It should not longer be free to wreck human lives in this state.”