---
author: Cromie, W.J.
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1940'
image: umpire_1916_162.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Are You Looking Ahead?
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ARE YOU LOOKING AHEAD?

Some persons are constantly looking backward. Some are living intensely in the present, while others are planning and looking forward to the future.

Retrospection with regard to certain pleasurable events brings rest to one’s mind, and the review of the mistakes of yesterday fortifies one in fighting the strenuous battles of the present. But dreaming of the past, or living in the present, is inadequate in properly performing one’s life work, as one must look ahead.

About one hundred and fifty thousand Americans before the present European war went abroad each summer, returning in the fall. They go over during the five months between March and August, and expect to return between August 15th and October 1st, which is only six weeks. Of these numbers, from eight thousand to ten thousand returned in the steerage because they could not get other accommodations. Either they had spent all their money and could not pay for cabin passage, or they had neglected to engage passage ahead. Many others waited days and weeks in order to secure passage for their return. They knew they would want cabin passage during these six weeks, but they failed to look ahead.

A man engaged in business in one of the trades or professions is strong and healthy, and his earnings are adequate to meet the needs of himself and family and lay a little by to combat the proverbial rainy day. In trying to make a good appearance among his friends he lives up to his income, sells the birthright of his family for a mess of pottage in order to gratify his vanity or procrastinating habits. He is strong, and the future seems a long way off. Eventually, on account of accident or disease, he leaves the scene of action, and his wife and a number of small children must face the gloomy days of the future, unassisted by a bank account or life insurance policy, simply because he failed to look ahead.

Another man lived upon the principal of his physical bank account. He failed to bank energy and conserve health in the form of proper physical exercise and careful hygenic living, and exacting Nature foreclosed by striking her victim with apoplexy.

Nature is no sentimentalist, for whenever she is outraged she will have her penalty, although it take a life. She may loan you all you want, but, like Shylock, she will foreclose by demanding the last ounce of flesh. She does not often annoy one with her drink bill until one is past the prime of life, and then presents it in the form of Bright’s disease, fatty degeneration of the heart, drunkard’s liver, or some similar disease. She does not excuse one for weakness, incompetence, or ignorance, but demands that he look ahead, that he always be at his best.

A great surgeon stood before his class to perform a certain delicate operation. With strong and gentle hand he performed his work, so far as the operation was concerned, successfully, and turned to his pupils, saying:

“Two years ago, a safe and simple operation might have cured this disease. Six years ago a wise way of living might have prevented it. We have done our best as the case now stands, but Nature will have her word to say. She does not always consent to the repeal of her capital sentences.’’

The next day the patient died.

A young man who works in a mill stopped school when quite young. He neglected to read or study at night, and now his hands are tied because he failed to look ahead.

A man who is considered by the community in which he lives as a loving husband and an indulgent father, with a successful business and political career to his credit, was recently wrecked upon the rocks of immorality. Now, at the age of fifty, his dual life is a reproach among his associates and friends, and all because he failed to look ahead. How many a one, having the semblance of man, is a physical, mental, or moral wreck, the ashes of a nearly burnt-out life? Are you looking ahead? 

—W. J. Cromze.
— American Magazine.