---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1943'
image: umpire_1916_163.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' employment'
- ' Sing Sing'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

The Baldwin Locomotive Works now has a record payroll, the number being between 19,000 and 20,000, not. including those employed in the affiliated companies at Eddystone.

After cracking the safe in a Chicago restaurant and obtaining $1800, Fred Roberts was held up and robbed of his loot. He complained of his ‘‘loss’’ to the police and was arrested charged with burglary.

Lady barbers are a failure in Wales. A Cardiff hairdresser who had the nerve to try them said it took them an hour to mow a chin. He asked exemption from military service for his men.

John Whittaker, of Clarks Mills, N. Y., served a year in the trenches at Flanders unhurt. He went to Rochester recently to play football. In the first skirmish he was thrown and now he has concussion of the brain that will keep him in the hospital several weeks.

Twice Adolph Athoff responded to encores at the Bedford Theater, Brooklyn, after his work on the cornet, saxophone and the sleighbells, but fell to the floor dead while the sleighbells still vibrated with the last note of “The Star Spangled Banner.”

Doctor McCullough, of St. John’s Riverside Hospital, New York, saved George Lesk, of Yonkers, who was choking to death. A piece of meat stuck in Lesk’s throat. Unable to loosen it, Doctor McCullough made an incision in the throat and extracted the meat.

Crude oil that had been thrown overboard by Uncle Sam’s warships to quell the raging waters which destroyed the U. S. S. Memphis at Puerto Plata, San Domingo, during a recent storm, stuck to the wings of sea gulls and other water fowl taking refuge in the bays along the coast and rendered them helpless and unable to fly for several days.

When the trusties who have been allowed to pass out by the front door of Sing Sing prison for the last few days were being checked by the keeper recently, it was noticed that Dominick Gughelmo was not among them. He was found in his cell, giving up his freedom, as he feared he might run away, as his father was dying in New York.

A four-masted schooner in New York City from Haiti, has a cargo varied from logwood to snakes, scorpions, lizards and tarantulas. The reptiles and others were not in the manifest, but according to the mate, gave the crew much more concern than the shipment of wood. In the bag obtained by the crew in the hunt were sixty-three scorpions.