---
author: Selected
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1944'
image: umpire_1916_163.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- liberty
- ' opinion'
title: Liberty
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

LIBERTY

True liberty consists in the privilege of enjoying our own rights, not in the destruction of the rights of others. Liberty will not descend to a people; a people must raise themselves to liberty; it is a blessing that must be earned before it can be enjoyed.

Free will is not the liberty to do whatever one likes, but the power of doing whatever one sees ought to be done, even in the very face of otherwise overwhelming impulse. There lies freedom indeed.

False notions of liberty are strangely common. People talk of it as if it meant the liberty of doing whatever one likes—whereas the only liberty that a man, worthy of the name of man, ought to ask for, is, to have all restrictions inward and outward, removed that prevent his doing what he ought.

The liberty of a people consists in being governed by laws which they have made themselves, under whatsoever form it be of government; the liberty of a private man, in being master of his time and actions as far as may be consistent with the laws of God and of his country.

If the true spark of religious and civil liberty be kindled it will burn. Human agency can not extinguish it. Like the earth’s central fire, it may be smothered for a time; the ocean may overwhelm it; mountains may press down; but its inherent and unconquerable force will heave both the ocean and the land, and at some time or another, in some place or another, the volcano will break out and flame to heaven. 

—Selected.