---
author: B-8266
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1951'
image: umpire_1916_164.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' notice'
- ' charity'
title: Children's Xmas Fund
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CHILDREN’S XMAS FUND

The Officers of the H. F. C. to all Members and Inmates of the Institution, Greeting:

We wish to call your attention to the Children’s Xmas Fund—a charity, indeed a work of love, which grows with each succeeding year, and yearly is the more needed, as the high cost of living is a particular foe to Santa Claus.

It is the wish of the ‘‘Big Brothers’ of the E. S. P. that the ‘‘kiddies” of every inmate shall be remembered this Xmastide with the candies and fruit dear to the childish heart, with some appropriate toy, and perhaps with some more useful gift. It is upon your generosity that we must rely to make this wish a reality. Let each and every one give according to their ability. The rich man’s gold and the widow’s mite are alike welcome.

To gladden the heart of a little child—is this not a goodly thing to do? How many without your aid would rise on Xmas morn to weep over an empty stocking, to seek in vain for the expected tree, to know but the bitterness of disappointment on a day when all should be joy and gladness of heart. Poor little vicarious sufferers for our own sins, let us do all that we ecan to give them at least one happy day, and in so doing lighten the hearts of the mothers who bear the burden we have been forced to lay down.

Last year there were 233 little ones to whom the ‘‘Big Brothers’’ of the E. S. P. played Santa Claus, besides 22 in the Sheltering Arms Home, who were recipients of our bounty. And many and touching were the letters of thanks and appreciation we received.

In making this so early start we hope to avoid the last-moment rush of last year, when Warden McKenty and his corps of volunteer workers were pushed to the limit in getting everything ready for timely distribution. This year it is our wish to have everything ready for distribution a few days before Xmas, so please send in your contributions at once by your Overseer or the H. F. C. delegates. Address to the ‘‘Big Brothers,” for the Xmas Fund.

The Chairman of the H. F. C. has started the ball rolling with a $2.00 contribution; everybody step up and help to swell it. All contributions, with donor’s name and number, will appear weekly in the columns of THE UMPIRE. Give now, and then sit back and watch the Xmas Fund grow. Think of the ‘‘kiddies’’ at home and help to give them the Merry Xmas that should be the birthright of every child. And remember: ‘‘the Lord loveth a cheerful giver.”

By B 8266. 
Approved by Vice-Pres. H. F. C. A 8432