---
author: B-8266
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '1953'
image: umpire_1916_164.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The weather man was again kind to the H. F. C. and brought out the very best he had in stock for the benefit of the boys of the 2nd Section, Saturday afternoon. Some complained of its being too cool, but the most found the fresh breeze very pleasant. Doubtless enlivened by the bracing atmosphere, the boys made an unusually good appearance on parade. Two entire circuits of the institution were made to the inspiring music of the band, under Professor Wiegandt’s leadership. We must award the honors of the day to the boys of the 7th Gallery, who marched beneath the folds of ‘‘Old Glory’’ with almost soldierly precision. The 9th Block was a very close second. The orchestra fairly surpassed its former fine record of performance. The waltz numbers in particular aroused the enthusiasm of the audience, and a number of impromptu dances was the result.

During the intermission the members were entertained by Quartette No. 1 (B 7867, 7525, 8252, 7825) who sang ‘‘Violets’’ and ‘‘In a Little Village All Alone’’ in their usual fine manner. Quartette No. 2 (B 7579, 6476, 7655, 8123) sang a trio of selections and won the good opinion of their audience. B 8171 made a hit as a plain and eccentric dancer.

The next outing of the Club will probably be held in the Club Hall, and an afternoon’s entertainment of the most varied and pleasing character is promised. The program is not as yet complete, but motion pictures are assured, and we can state that the Hyperion Quartette, a high-class musical organization will be present.

The Chairman will issue tickets to the members on the various Blocks and Galleries on Saturday, October 7, and none but ticket-holders will be admitted to the hall. Inmates not members of the H. F. C., may as well remain at home, for a “pull” will avail you not. Members are particularly requested to march in an orderly manner while coming and returning to their blocks and galleries. The present mode of division into two sections will be adhered to, if possible. This depends in a large measure upon the members themselves. If every one is on his best behavior, and there is no discrder, there will be no change. Please remember that in being noisy, in creating any manner of disturbance, you are harming not yourself alone, but also your fellows. Be charitable. If you are not interested in what is going on, at least you can be quiet and give your neighbor a chance; he may be enjoying it; you may need to ask his forbearance some time.

Next Saturday, October 7, the following blocks and galleries, comprising the 1st Section of the H. F. C. will go out: 1 B, 6 B, 6 G, 8 B, 10 B,11 B, 12 B, 12 B-1 G, 12 B-2 G.

B 37668

P. S.—The party who retained possession of one of the H. F. C. gloves will please return the same to his delegate and avoid any future trouble. 

B 7819-5602, Rep. Dels.