---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '1954'
image: umpire_1916_165.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Henry Ford
- ' labor'
title: Advocates Eight-Hour Days For All Workers
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ADVOCATES EIGHT-HOUR DAY FOR ALL WORKERS

Henry Ford to Back National Campaign to That End—Says “It Is Sure to Come.”

It was announced by Henry Ford, on Saturday last, at a meeting in New York City, that from then on his slogan would be, “Out of the shop in eight hours.” It originated at the Biltmore Hotel discussion on that subject, and there were present Joseph Daniels, Secretary of the Navy; Vane McCormick, chairman of the Democratic National Committee; Thomas Edison, Mr. Ford, and a number of other prominent men. The question as to how the eight-hour law campaign could best be carried out was discussed, and each gave suggestions that will be incorporated in the perfected plan.

As nis text, Mr. Ford will take the operation of the eight-hour day in his own business. The plan has been tried there for three years, after a nine-hour schedule that lasted for nearly ten years. To the slogan ‘‘out of the shops in eight hours,” he said he would add, ‘‘for the benefit of the employers.’’

Mr. Ford said he was tremendously in earnest because he believed that an eight-hour working day was needed in this country, just as there was now a need for labor to have a greater share in the profits it helps to make. In his own business, he said, the working of the eight-hour day was past the experimental stage.

“I employ 55,000 persons in the business, of which 36,000 are in the factories,” he continued. ‘‘The eight-hour day has meant an increase in the efficiency, loyalty and self- respect of every one on the pay-roll. I am in favor of the passage of a Federal law that will make eight hours the national working day.”

Mr. Ford made it plain that he also believed there should be a fair wage. Profits had increased in many lines of business, he said, and some businesses had been built up from next to nothing by labor as well as by capital. Those concerns were now paying great dividends and apparently would never care for the workers, who, he said, must fight against an increasing cost of living with an insufficient wage.

It was suggested that in certain businesses it might not be satisfactory to operate the eight-hour shifts.

“There is no business where the employes can not be worked eight hours a day and no more,’” he said. “‘If they can’t do it, then the business is not properly managed.’’