---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '1955'
image: umpire_1916_165.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Inside Jingles
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

"INSIDE JINGLES

The dog days are here. Have you ordered your fall suit?

Who is the fellow who ate four pans of beans last Wednesday? More power to you, old boy. 

Are you troubled with corns or bunions?
Use sandpaper.

Predictions for the coming Presidential election are that Hughes will be elected.
We should worry!

Our popular and well esteemed Instructor of Calisthenies, ‘‘Gyp’’ will soon leave our sorrowing midst. Chance for one to get a job as brace demonstrator.

We are glad to note the prison population is diminishing.
Still—the Chateau De McKenty rarely acvertises.

“Come Back to Erin’’—This touching ballad is very beautifully, rendered by the Cook House Quartette.
Look up, “Doc,” look up!

The tin-shop is a humming hive of industry nowadays. ‘‘Fat’’ is making an extra man-sized mess-pan.
They are all jealous, little one; that’s what.

“Smoke” says:— “Some o’ dese feller’s got big ideas, tink dey can push a wheel-barra an’ walk on stilts at de same time.”

“Pyp,’’ the nightingale of the Sixth Gallery, has an entirely new repertoire this season, starting with ‘‘Sleep, Baby Sleep’’ and winding up with that wonderful Broadway success “Wake Me Up With a Rag.”"

"Mr. Gillespie likes to keep his men warm— and he is doing it too, judging by the rapid manner those new workshops went up.
The fellows who stuck to the job deserve some credit, as pushing a wheelbarrow and pounding gravel are very, very much harder than pushing a pen and pounding a Remington. Eh! What?"

"SAFETY FIRST—AIl moving-picture booths must be lined with asbestos or zinc. Failure to comply with the above regulations is punishable by fine or imprisonment.
Of course the boys were disappointed last Saturday, but cheer up; that box will soon be lined and made fire-proof, bomb-proof, and 100% over proof."