---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '1961'
image: umpire_1916_166.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- justice system
- ' opinion'
- ' punishment'
- ' Good Words'
title: Does Punishment Deter?
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

DOES PUNISHMENT DETER?

The theory that the more severe the punishment the less the number of offenses, is founded upon the belief, in juvenile education, which teaches, ‘‘Spare the rod and spoil the child.” It is asserted that men are children of larger growth. That is true. Then they should receive the same method of treatment as children. The only difference is in degree of punishment. The unruly child is placed in a dark room. The man is cast into prison, and if he continues unruly, there is a solitary apartment allotted to him. Thus the argument proceeds.

So much flighty fiction has been written of the deterrent effects of punishment that a calm survey of conditions is in order. Does a child become better and grow stronger in good conduct by successive spanking? Is he not rather more tempted to conceal and to deceive? Through kindness may he not be led to see the reason for the right even if he be only a child. Is kindness not far more effective than fear of the parental rod? And is not the juvenile world in general but slightly influenced, if at all, by the flogging of this or that bad boy at home or school?

However these questions are answered, it remains that the best thought and practise in juvenile education today is strongly opposed to physical punishment. On the contrary, it subscribes to the sunlight theory. It upholds the belief in positive affirmative measures. Fill a child’s mind with the sense of doing right, place him: among wholesome surroundings, and he is restrained, not by fear of the consequences of doing wrong, but by the love of the good which possesses him.

The child, severely or unjustly punished, becomes deceptive. The man, under similar conditions, lunges his lance of cynical hostility against the social order. Consumed with a fiery vengeance, he jumps at the chance to “get even.” Pitiable fool, you say. Yea, verily, but none the less the logical product of a system inspired by the doctrine of the rule of the rod. Do you realize that it is authoritatively asserted that ‘‘four-fifths of Sing Sing’s present population has been in prison before?’’

But where belief in the efficacy of discipline supplants this banal and harmful faith in fear, reason reasserts herself. Then it becomes clear to the prisoner that segregation and the wise use of correctional measures were a necessary process in order to replace him in the world as an economic asset of society.

As to the tight-rope walker tottering on the line betwixt within and without the law, now swaying to one side and then the other, how much, think you, does punishment of the other fellow deter him? Precious little! He feels himself clever enough to avoid the pit-fall. Or else he will be able through technicalities to avert detection or conviction. Even in murder cases, capital punishment is not a deterrent to the man of average intelligence. Recently the governor of Massachusetts sent a message to the legislature recommending the abolition of capital punishment. Why did he do it? The message gives the answer: ‘‘As statistics do not prove that capital punishment lessens the number of crimes, it would seem that the time has arrived for doing away with that method of punishment.’’

When men in general understand that sin is folly and that law-breaking is nothing less than a paranoiac pleasure, they will, as sound intelligence returns, spurn such things. "The joys of positive truth will create the dissipating sunlight of reason, making the beauty of goodness clearly apparent. A thousand per cent. more impelling is such a disciplinary force than all the dire punishments inflicted under the old prison system in their deterrent effect upon others. In what dank, dreary dungeon of slimy iniquity did such an ill-begotten theory ever come into existence?

—Good Words.