---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '1966'
image: umpire_1916_167.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- tidbids
- ' ship'
- ' Sing Sing'
- ' prison'
- ' escap'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A club is the solution of the eugenic problem among the Zulus of Africa, said J. H. Balmer, for thirty-two years a resident of that country, now in Chicago. “When a baby is born to Zulu parents and it appears to be below the Zulu standard, it is given a gentle wallop over the head,’’ he explained.

Somebody placed a toy torpedo on the trolley-car track near Madison Square, N. Y., the other day, and a Broadway car rumbled over it. Immediately a bomb scare spread. Passengers in the ‘‘hobble-skirt car’’ mauled, scratched and walloped each other in their efforts to escape. Six arrests were made.

Judge Landis, at Lancaster, Pa., recently dismissed a writ of N. Stella Eby to get possession of her husband, Isaac R. Eby, a well-to-do farmer, 61 years old. They were married August 16, at Elkton, Md., and he said it was against his wishes. He is with relatives in Lancaster and she is living on his farm. She was his housekeeper.

From Eastport, Me., it is reported that the famous old U. S. frigate ‘‘Franklin,’’ flagship of Admiral Farragut on his European cruise in 1867 and for the last thirty years receiving-ship at the Norfolk, Va., navy yard, was burned here recently for the metal in her hull. The ‘‘Franklin’’ was built at the Charlestown navy yard in 1818. She cost $1,331,000 and was sold for $16,766.

It is reported that two prisoners from the “honor gang,’’ while working outside Sing Sing prison, made their escape. It so stirred the prison Mutual Welfare League, a prison organization, that they decided to offer rewards of $100 each for their arrest. The outside branch of the league in New York City notified Warden Thomas M. Osborne that efforts would be made to capture the refugees.

Because his engine did not fire properly Wallace Kennedy, of Bridgeville, N. J., owes his well-filled purse and perhaps his life. Kennedy stopped his car near Greenwood to offer help to a stalled automobile. Two colored men walked out and asked him to give up his money. In his excitement Kennedy stepped on his accelerator and the engine made a report like several guns. The scared highwaymen jumped into the bushes and Kennedy escaped.