---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '1967'
image: umpire_1916_167.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prison labor
title: A Judges View
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

A JUDGE'S VIEW

We hear much gloating over the amount of money saved by prison labor and prison manufacturers, but what becomes of that money? It goes in the state treasury, but it does not belong there. It belongs to the women and children who bear the burdens of life and disgrace besides.

“I knew an old man who was a blacksmith. For fifty years he had stood at his little forge and hammered out the iron. Then one Saturday night he put away his tools, and hung up his leather apron. He said, ‘‘I am going to rest. My boy is going to run this shop and I will not be here again.” On Monday morning he walked down town, but not to his shop. He told his friends, "I have quit the shop for good.” Then that son committed a crime. I had to sentence him to from one to five years at hard labor as the law provided. The next morning the old man went back to the shop. He took down his leather apron, gathered the coals in the forge, pumped the bellows and created a flame under the iron. When I sentenced that son I also sentenced that old man to from one to five years at hard labor, because he had to go back to work to provide for his little family.

“There is a band of idlers in every city and community who are a menace to society. Idleness breeds crime quicker than any other thing. I won’t except liquor. One idle man walks down one side of the street and leads your boy astray into vice and disgrace. The law does nothing. Another idler goes down the other side of the street, throws a brick through a window and steals a pair of socks. The law sends him to the penitentiary. The first crime is so much more serious than the other that it can not be mentioned in the same class, yet our laws never take the criminal in hand.”—Judge Smart of the Douglas-Franklin Judicial District of Kansas, at the Le Loup Picnic—From The Baldwin Ledger.