---
author: B-8266
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '1975'
image: umpire_1916_168.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 1st Section found its Saturday outing a most pleasant occasion. The weather had about attained to the golden mean, the entertainment features were more than usually good, and no untoward incident occurred to mar the perfection of the day. Certainly every one went home to five o’clock tea in happiest mood.

In what will doubtless be the last parade of the season, the boys fairly outdid themselves. The marching was so uniformly good that it was difficult to pick a winner, but we think the boys from the 11th Block had a shade the best of it. Even the band seemed to be in martial mood, march music predominating, very much to the satisfaction of all. Professor Wiegandt is certainly to be congratulated upon his achievements, and to the band itself we point with pride.

Mr. Kroup, who will provide the professional talent for the Club’s entertainments, was present with several of his artists, and was prevailed upon by Mr. Dipple to say a few words. He assured us of his intention to give of his very best, that there will be no "trying it on the dog" as it were. Mr. Kranpa also spoke briefly but earnestly, and at harry's suggestion was given three hearty cheers, a tribute which he had well earned. 

The Hyperion Quartette, composed of Misses Jane Harmer and Alice McPoyle and and Messrs. Conley and Fleming, though badly hanidcapped by outdoor conditions and lack of an accompaniment, delighted the audience by their singing of "The Rosary" and "Over the Hills Far Away." Mr. Fleming sang "Mother Machree" with feeling, and Mr. Conley also obliged with a solo. We hope to hear them all again soon, and under better conditions. 

The amateur talent of the Club was very much in evidence, and it did very good work. B 5575 gave a fine cornet solo, B 6765 and B 5048 an excellent duet. B 7478 sang "You Are More Than the World to Me," B 7766 as fakir, side show barker, and auctioneer was a scream, You should certainly be playing the country fairs, "Whitey." Your talent is wasted here. No. 1 Quartette (B 7867, B 7525, B 8252, with B 7478 supplying the place of an absent member) —and if volume be a criterion, all certainly filled it—sang "Violet," Bloomingdale and Wilson's charming little ballad. The author being called upon for a speech, he made a few happy remarks and brought the afternoon's entertainment to a fitting close. 

Next Saturday, October 14th, the 2nd Section of the H. F. C., including the following blocks and galleries, goes out: 3rd B, 4th B, 5th B, 5th G, 7th G, and 9th B. 

B 8266. 

P. S.—Don't fail to display your button. That is the reason why the Club furnished buttons. You'll not be admitted to any concert unless H. F. C. button is visible.

B 7819, B 5602, Rep. Dels.