---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '1978'
image: umpire_1916_169.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' mail'
- ' Britain'
title: U.S. Demands On Mail Seizures Refused By Allies
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

U. S. DEMANDS ON MAIL SEIZURES REFUSED BY ALLIES

May Bring on Crisis Before Election— Government Officials Determined to Force an Issue

Government officials are greatly irritated over the reply of the English and French Governments to the American note protesting against the holding up of mails to neutral countries and the detention of United States money orders. The notes received Saturday will be made public simultaneously in all three countries. In general, the notes are unsatisfactory and they will evoke a strong protest within the next two weeks from the United States.

This Government, it was explained by a State Department official, has almost lost patience with the attitude of the Allied Governments as regards the detention and rigid censorship of mail, and orders may be issued by the Navy Department that will lead to a crisis. According to recent information, the Allied Governments offer no relief from the practise of considering mail frem this country, even to neutrals, as possible contraband of war.

After a delay of four months in answering the American protests on the subject, during which time the practises continued with increasing aggravation, it is known that the Allied Governments have in no way altered their position as expressed in previous notes. The new notes, instead of promising to alter the practises, propose to improve the administration of the censorship and this, they point out, should lead to less delay in the mails to neutrals.

But they in no way agree to discontinue the bringing of ships bound to neutral ports to England and there enforcing the censorship of mails.

That the notes are entirely unsatisfactory to this Government was the declaration of a high official. The only thing that will satisfy this Government is, as was expressed in our protest, ‘‘a radical change in the present British and French policy, restoring to the United States its full rights as a neutral Power.” The stand of the Allied Governments on the mail question and the British blacklist decree have brought to a culmination American grievances against the British Government. The patience of the State Department has been exhausted, it is said, and therefore something like what Washington considers a crisis is expected to be forced between the United States and the Allied Governments. Notes shortly to be dispatched are calculated to bring matters to a sudden head before the November election.