---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '1979'
image: umpire_1916_169.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- honor system
- ' prison'
- ' escapes'
- ' prison labor'
title: Prisoners Work In The Open
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PRISONERS WORK IN THE OPEN

Are Building Roads and Clearing Farm Lands—Dismissed Men Soon Find Employment—Only 2 Escapes Reported.

The correspondent of a state paper, in writing up an account of prison conditions in the West, says that a "noticeable improvement in treating prisoners has taken place throughout that section, with greater changes to follow.” Referring to the Idaho State Penitentiary, he says:

“Open air for the prisoners in this state has been given an extensive test during the last three years by Warden John Snook. The results have been so satisfactory that the warden is providing labor of this class for all the men whom he believes it is wise to give this freedom. Some worisoners have escaped, to be sure, but Warden Snook declares that the bene- ficial results obtained on other prisoners more than offset this risk. One result shown on the prison books is that during the past seven years only 12 discharged convicts of a total of 835 who served their terms have returned on new charges. This feature alone is said to justify the open air labor plan in vogue in Idaho.

“The men in the labor camps are not given light tasks. They are engaged in the construction of roads, in stone quarries, in clearing the farm lands, and tilling the soil. Their training is such that when they have served their time they have no trouble in soon finding employ- ment. Thus they keep out of mischief and avoid prisons.

“The heaviest task undertaken by prison labor in Idaho was the construction of a safe approach to the renowned Shoshone Falls, The men moved on an average of ten tons of rock and earth a day. For their labor they were paid $5.00 a month amid the expense of the undertaking to the state was from 50 to 75 per cent. less than a contract price for the same job would have been.

“Two years ago Warden Snook sent a number of prisoners to clear an extensive tract of sage brush. Four hundred acres were prepared for cultivation, and now the entire tract is profitable to the state. The environment of the farm hands and road laborers is removed entirely from the prison atmosphere.

“Guards always are in the camps, but they serve as captains of gangs rather than watchers. The men are given every opportunity to forget their old ways and to become interested ina new occupation.”