---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '1981'
image: umpire_1916_169.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' gossip'
title: Inside Jingles
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INSIDE JINGLES

Vote for the “full dinner pail.”

It’s a good thing some of us are in here. A wave of infantile paralysis is sweeping the country.

The price of flour will lower when the war is over. 
Hurrah! more P. P. on Sundays.

You can not keep a good man down.
That is why Jimmie, the organist, is back on the job again. Stick to it, Jimmie.

A new game has been introduced. It is called ‘‘On the Tail of a Lonesome Mutton.’’
Who said Stew?

The Baldwin Locomotive Works advertised for four thousand men.
If they can wait a while, we’ll help them out. 

“Unsur’’ Fritz, the peerless manager of the garage, is an ardent baseball fan and sometimes, he ist madt on dat Oomire, too.
Nich wahr, Fritz?

If seventeen and three-tenths bushels of “‘Spuds’’ cost twenty-one and two-sevenths dollars—Find the cost of a bushel of hay.
If you don’t know, ask Professor Crickett.

The eniment judiciary are evidently a trifle hazy as to the difference between a penitentiary and a day nursery.
Look around you.

Sam McK., the rag-time drummer boy, and “Westy,” our invincible long distance piano-player, make a combination hard to beat.

If you should hear loud wails of anguish issuing forth from the Sixth Gallery on a Friday, do not be alarmed.
It is only some of our Neapolitan friends crying for more macaroni.

There are over a hundred million people in the United States.
Whenever you are feeling the sense of your importance, just figure out what percentage you form of the total. Yes, and me too.

“Slim,” the E. S. P. electrical wizard, and his assistant certainly performed wonders by installing the necessary wiring for the stage, picture machine, etc., in such a limited time.
Edison, look to your laurels.