---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '1985'
image: umpire_1916_170.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' prison'
- ' criminality'
title: In Behalf Of The First Offender
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

IN BEHALF OF THE FIRST OFFENDER

The reflective mind will readily concede that the immediate social and industrial circumstances through which the released first offender must progress virtually constitute the problem of the stability of his newly acquired freedom. The arbitrary elements of a provocative social injustice must be diligently opposed and destroyed to the ultimate degree of success, if from the ruins of a blighted beginning a monument to successful human endeavor can be reared. On this balances the proof of his future disposition for good or evil.

The absolute, convincing testimony of a prisoner’s moral rejuvenation is never so tested as during the first days of his freedom. His vulnerability to withstand the trenchant assaults of past disreputable influences, present uncertitude, and the. vague vicissitude of a dubious future, is then called upon to exert its greatest efforts of resistance, when he stands liberated but defenseless as at, perhaps, no other period of his career.

The problem of not only starting but maintaining such an attitude throughout the days of his endeavors—until final reward places him beyond the sphere of temptations calculated to inspire his speedy return to prison—subjects him to the real probation of his novitiate, through which his intentions and ability to “make good’’ must be demonstrated.

Handicapped ashe is by poverty, the ignorance of any trade or profession, the absence of reliable friends—or, if any, their determination to avoid the renewal of friendly relations—the inability to convince a prospective employer of honesty and efficiency by the palpable evidence of an all too recent record, very often a limited acquaintance with the prevailing language, customs, and demands of an unconcerned people amongst whom he must successfully fraternize for the preservation of his economic existence, and a thousand other disadvantages which harness him within boundary of an inglorious social serfdom, marks the first days of his attempted re-entry into the society which, in the main, disassociates its assistance from his attempts. Thus, if through this ordeal of his covenant he emerges triumphant, he pre-eminently establishes evidence of the permanent nature of his reformation, merits spontaneous sympathy, and—incidentally—guarantees for the future, with some measure of definite assurance, those co-ordinate characteristics exacted for desirable citizenship.

These conditions, however, are applicable only to a kind, of which kind there are two species here illustrated; one briefly en passant, the other with minuter consideration, but in a not too detailed manner.

Obvious and scrupulous care has been exercised herein not to discuss or include the popular exquisite who, after serving his sentence—definite or indefinite—steps out and jauntily resumes his position in society; or yet his slightly less fortunate associate, who may have renumerative employment awaiting his return to social industry; but rather he who, devoid of influence or affluence, trained technical knowledge or assistance, and whose efforts to recreate his manhood —reconstruct his respectability and responsibility—frequently finds his efforts discouraged, or ridiculed.

The contradistinction may be advanced that in cases similar to that last described, the State Government, through the Parole Commission, adopts comprehensive measures to palliate or entirely obviate the exigencies of such a case; but it must be inferred that this introspect does not necessarily confine itself to first offenders leaving this Penitentiary: far from it. A generally broader aspect of the problem is entertained, and first offenders from prisons throughout the country take precedence in the mind of the author. Moreover, the established fact should be borne in mind that States operating parole legislation, for the immediate protection and industrial improvement of paroled prisoners, do not authorize their commissioners to exercise their functions, officially, for the benefit of released convicts who have served definite sentences —and this type of convict merits and demands chief consideration.

(Continued in our next issue.)