---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '1988'
image: umpire_1916_171.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

John Kehoe was standing outside his home in Passaic, N. J., when the nurse came outand told him “It’s a boy.” His brother Frank, who lived across the street, shouted, “Come in; I want to show you twins, a boy and a girl!”

Max H. Hite, who says he has discovered a violet ray enamel, will starta factory in Harrisburg. The paint illuminates objects at night, and the inventor says it can be used around keyholes and on doorbells and doorknobs effectively.

Fifty of the 100 monkeys consigned to the Rockefeller Institute to be inoculated with infantile paralysis germs died of tuberculosis on the way to San Francisco from the Orient. The larger of the survivors attempted to kill their smaller companions.

When thieves entered his hen-roost recently and stole all but four of his fine flock, Edward McAvoy, a retired sergeant of the United States Marine Corps, who operates a chicken farm near Flemington, N. J., posted a bill defying the thief to get the four he had ‘‘in-advertently overlooked.” Last night the quartette of hens was taken.

When an overturned lantern set fire to a tar preparation which is being laid on Welsh road near Bristol Pike, firemen were forced to chase a stream of flame which spread over the highway for more than half a mile. Before the blaze was under control the home of Dr. E. E. Terry, in Welsh road, was damaged to the extent of $100.

Nanette Harvey, the five-year-old niece of Mrs. Gerald J. Delaney, of Spokane, has arrived safely from that city after a journey of nearly 7000 miles by sea and land from her native city, Belfast, Ireland. Nanette’s father, who served in the British Navy, was killed on board his ship more than a year ago and recently her mother died, leaving Nanette and her sisters orphans.

A new camera photographic plate, which can be used to load any camera and which will reproduce the colors of nature was explained by the inventor, Frederick Ives, of this city, before the members of the Grenoble Club at a recent meeting on Green street. It is made in three sections—a blue plate, a green film and ared plate. Color photography heretofore, it was explained, had been done only by means of special cameras.

Motion pictures are to be used by the Navy Department to get 16,000 recruits, authorized under the new naval appropriation act and needed to man new warships. Every phase of the sailorman’s life will be depicted in films and the films will be furnished free to motion-picture houses throughout the country.