---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '1990'
image: umpire_1916_171.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- indigenous people
- ' work'
title: Survival Of The Fit
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

SURVIVAL OF THE FIT

The contact of races that differ widely in civilization, has generaly resulted in the decline of the inferior race—a result usually traceable to the operation of ‘‘the law of struggle and work.” According to the Geographical Review, the higher civilization is too often destructive because it eliminates native habits of work and fails to provide a substitute. In primitive societies, the burden of manual labor and of the handicrafts, falls upon the women; war is the man’s work. The arrival of the trader, the missionary, the settler, and intervention by their governments to protect them, means that war ceases. Thus the men are left idle. In the eastern islands of Malaysia the tribes are rapidly decreasing in numbers. The sago palm offers too easy a livelihood for a people deprived of their favorite pursuit — which is warfare. There are, however, some notable exceptions. The Maori has taken to farming and sheep raising, and so the race has more than held its own for over twenty years. Labor has also greatly benefitted the nativesof the Southern New Hebrides. In our own Southwest, the Navajo flourishes because he continues to work. Stefansson has described the destructive influences at work among the demoralized Eskimo, and similar instances are reported from the extreme tip of South America. In less than two generations the Yahgan Indians have dwindled from several hundred to a mere handful. The Pampas Indian has gone, and the Patagonian is following him.