---
author: B-8266
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '1994'
image: umpire_1916_172.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 2nd Section of the H. F. C. thoroughly enjoyed its Saturday outing. The entertainment in the Club hall surpassed the most sanguine expectations. For the first time in the institution’s history a complete entertainment by outside talent has been furnished the inmates, and the Club tenders its sincerest thanks to all concerned: to the Board of Inspectors and the Warden for their kind permission and support; to Mr. Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Agency, for his his unselfish and tireless labors in our behalf; to Mr. Dipple, and to the artists for the excellence of the entertainment they gave us. We thank them all heartily and hope to know them all better.

For a first occasion everything went off remarkably well. There was no disorder apparent, although the ‘‘standing room only” sign was early displayed. It is to be regretted that certain persons should have seen fit to disregard repeated warnings given about spitting upon the floor. These persons may think themselves safe from discovery, but the officers of the Club are resolved that the few rules that have been made must be obeyed, and those continuing in such practises will not only lose their privileges but will cause all the members from that particular block or gallery to do the same. Please heed this warning and impress it upon others.

The Club officials and their volunteer helpers have succeeded in transforming the hall into a theater in miniature, with but few accessories lacking. Perhaps the lack of a candy butcher was the most noticeable. We hope “Whitey’’ can be prevailed upon to fill the aching void; and we feel assured that Professor Wiegandt and his musicians are the equals of any orchestra in town.

A five-reel Western drama opened the performance. It was replete with thrills from start to finish: hard riding and good fighting, love, laughter and tears, a villain foiled, and a hero rewarded were in it, and to judge by the applause, it was very much to the audience’s taste. Mr. Al Harrington and his troupe of performing dogs did excellent work: they seemed almost human (we mean the dogs, of course); in fact we know some human beings who don’t obey orders half so well. Miss Annie Russell’s monologue was the hit of the day, ard it kept the audience in a gala of laughter from the start. Mr. Fleming sang ‘‘A Little Bit of Heaven and They Call It Ireland’’ in such a manner, as to make all the Irish in the audience homesick. The Hyperion Quartette sang ‘‘The Rosary” and ‘‘Sunshine’’ to the very great pleasure of all. A stage-struck comedy in two reels called “Her Marble Heart,’’ brought the performance to a close. It was very funny indeed, and it caused many of the audience to go home with ribs sore from laughing. The chairman will distribute tickets for next Saturday’s show. Please don’t forget them, for without them there is no admission.

Next Saturday, October 21, the following blocks and galleries go out: 1 B, 8 B, 10 B, 11 B, 6 B, 12 B-1 G, 12 B-2 G.  —B 8266.

B 7819-B 5602, Rep. Dels.