---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_007.jpg
---
IN LIGHTER VEIN

~ he likes you?

my sins forgiven

’

‘Do you, know,’

said- the successful mer-

chant pompously, ‘‘that; . began life as a ‘hare-

)

foot boy’: P i
‘“Well,”’ said h\s clerk I wasn’t.born . with
shoes on either.’ ity : :
eﬁ
““Daughter,’” said the father, “your young
man, Rawlings, stays until a very’ late hour.
Has"not your mother said’ somethmg t'o you

- about this habit of his?’*"

'““Yes, Father,” replied the daughter swee“ﬂl}';
“Mother says men haven’t altered a bit:"™

e

“Oh,
she greeted her caller; ‘‘so you have. heen
making friends with Fido! And do. you think

“Well,”’ said - Mr. gm;th grnnl), I doh't
believe he’s quite decided vet——he’s; only had
one bite of me, and he seems to want. another.’

vy

‘"The news of the youno womdn ’s engagement
had ]ust been made public. She was In the
little store one day when the clerk lallghnug
said: Well ste Gertrudc 2! see it’s commo
off soon

The young woman caught nervously at’ her
clothing ‘‘My goodne%s_!’ ‘she said. :

Pat was in the museum looking at a copy. of
the “*“Winged Victory.’

“And phat may yez call thot”’ he asked an
attendant. .

“That is a statue of Vi-ctory sityit was. the
answer. ; s 4

Pat surveyed the headless and armless statue
with renewed interest.

SHicthrygis itniitie said, ““Thin,
0i’d loike to see the other fellow.”

j ]

Little Raqtlle was becoming very objection-
able in school because his wool was growing
longer and longer, far beyond the cutting stage.
The teacher tried hinting to no purpose, and
then told him outright to go have his hair cut,
giving him a quarter for the purpose.

Rastus broke out crying ;and said: ‘“No,
Ma’am, I dassn’t hab it cut. My mammy she
wants a new switch and she’s done a-growin’

begorry,

it on me.”’

S

The impractical man and his wife were mov-
ing from one flat to another and were: discuss-
ing ways of saving moving expenses..

¢We can carry lots of things ourselves,’
said the wife: “Forexample, I will wear my
winter coat over and then leave it and. come
back for my spring cdat, which . I

will wear

over on the next trip.’ D
Thisidea charmed theimpractical man: Why,
I can do the same thing!"”” he cried. ‘' I. cam

wear one suit of clothes over and: leaye it.and
come back:for another: vt ins

’Ix Smlth & Ll‘le(] thc young ]d(l}, 'lS

“What?”’
