---
author: McKenty, Robert J.
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2000'
image: umpire_1916_173.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Armenia
- ' Syria'
- ' aid'
- ' charity'
title: Asks Aid For The Armenians From Citizens Of U.S.
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

ASKS AID FOR THE ARMENIANS FROM CITIZENS OF U. S.

President Wilson and Governor Brumbaugh Issue Proclamations—Immediate Aid Solicited

An appeal of most unusual character has been made to the people of this country, by the American Committes for Armenian and Syrian Relief, in behalf of the distressed Armenians who are in a fair way of extinction as a race unless immediate and decisive steps are taken to relieve these stricken people.

The tales reported from time to time, of the frightful conditions and dreadful persecutions of the Armenians and the Syrians are of such a shocking nature as to be almost unbelievable. So pitiful is the state of these suffering people that President Wilson has issued a proclamation to the people of the United States, urging them to help the sorely afflicted sufferers who are now facing death by starvation and disease. The proclamation is as follows:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, I have received from the Senate of the United States a Resolution, passed July 7, 1916, reading as follows:

“Resolved, That, appreciating the sufferings of the Syrian people, it is suggested that the President of the United States set aside a day upon which a direct appeal to the sympathy of all American citizens shall be made and an opportunity shall be given for our public-spirited people to contribute to a much-needed fund for the relief of the Syrian people.

‘‘And Whereas, I feel confident that the people of the United States will be moved to aid these people stricken by war, famine and disease;

‘‘Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, President of the United States, in compliance with the said suggestion of the Senate, and the said request of the Congress thereof, do appoint and proclaim Saturday, October 21, and Sunday, October 22, 1916, as joint days upon which the people of the United States may make such contributions as they feel disposed for the aid of the stricken Syrian and Armenian peoples.

“In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.”

Woodrow Wilson, By The President. 
ROBERT LANSING, Secretary of State.

Governor Brumbaugh has also called upon the citizens of this state to lend their aid in this merciful charity and has issued the sub-joined proclamation:

“Whereas, it has been brought to my attention anew that more than four million people, non-combatants, war-oppressed, living in Armenia and Syria, are today in dire distress, facing famine, disease and death as the winter settles over their stricken countries, the call of these people for relief should touch every philanthropic and patriotic heart, and I earnestly ask the people of Pennsylvania to make such contributions as the providence of God and their own industry has made possible, to succor these most deserving people.’’

While the joint days selected for receiving contributions were on October 21 and 22, 1916, additional collections will be made throughout the week, so that all who wish to participate in this worthy charity may have an opportunity. 

Contributions may be made in the usual manner by yellow slip through the overseer.

Robert J. McKenty, Warden.