---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2005'
image: umpire_1916_174.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' advice'
title: The Battle In Your Head
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE BATTLE IN YOUR HEAD

The subjoined article is taken from New Ideas, and will undoubtedly commend itself to our readers:

“Did you ever know that you are waging a battle in your head? There are two forces inside your head in hostile line of battle. One force is for you and one against you. One side is in favor of you living a lazy life and the other is strenuously struggling to urge you on to a useful life. One is always driving you ahead to do things, and the other is always holding you back. One is ever inspiring you with good thoughts, and the other is just as actively puttlng evil’ thoughts in your mind.

“One force is for your uplift, and the other is striving to drag you down. One force calls to you to do your own thinking, and the other tells you it is easier to let some one else do your thinking for you. One stimulates you forward toward success and the other recklessly advises you to drift toward failure.

“Every minute the contest goes on this battle of thoughts. Every decision you make proclaims a victory for one side or the other. If you do a good day’s work it strengthens the army of the good thoughts. If you do a slipshod task the army of the good thoughts falls back discouraged. Every good book you read throws into your mind reinforcements for the good side and bad reading weakens the resistance of those who wish you well.

“These two sets of thoughts are the two sides’ of your character. of your friends—the other of your enemies. One would save you, the other destroy you. One is in favor of thrift; the other advocates waste. One sternly bids you ‘be honest; the other cunningly points out methods by which you can deceive.

“It is the duty of your days and nights to help the uplift thought win. You can only do this by thinking by every day, every hour, every minute, welcomlng an invasion of uplift ideas. You must obtain an over-powering supply from somewhere, of strong and fine thoughts, so that evil thoughts may he conquered decisively in every battle.

“When you have learned where to find your thoughts—or to get the truth on all your problems, which is the basis of all good thoughts—you will then begin to uplift yourself in the world. And you can find truth, and helpfulness, and hopefulness everywhere. You must find them, for you must dominate your own life and you must not be the slave of your worst self, then from the victory of your better self can only come that happiness which is the chief object of your being alive!’’