---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2006'
image: umpire_1916_174.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- criminality
- ' punishment'
- ' justice system'
title: In Behalf Of First Offenders
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

IN BEHALF OF THE FIRST OFFENDER

(Continued from our last issue.)

Of the two species of the kind designated, we select, first: the purely manual wage-earner—generally referred to as a common laborer—whose understanding is blissfully ignorant of the monotony of office routine and whose intellect was neyer aroused to a greater effort than to instinctively guide his limbs in the performance of manual labor. The second, and perhaps most commiserable illustration, is that of ahealthy, normal creature, possessed of average intelligence, sound sense, good training, indisputable pretentions to respectability—and a dependent family. The former is forced into the position of contriving as best he may—to keep body and soul together—in such a manner as will demonstrate his eligibility and worthiness to be out on parole; and what may best be done to accomplish this, during the hour of his release and the moment he receives his first wage, consistently with the revision of his behavior, may be surmised by an inquisitorial imagination. The latter has to obliterate his identity—recreate hi's personality, so to speak—overcome the inhospitality of an uninterested hostile society; win the confidence of some one in a position to give him" satisfactory employment, and again establish himself amongst his fellow-men at the standard the requirements call” for. During the achievement of these barely insurmountable difficulties, he is' confronted with' the ad- ditional proposition of supportlng his famlly, and doing so honestly.

Such is the predicament a first offender has to overconie during the first days of his return to the maelstrom of social and industrial strife, from which he was suddenly ostracised and condemned to penal servitude. It requires no prodigal effort of the imagination to realize, during such a period, how desperate must be the effort to maintain the honest equilibrium; how temptations, assailing him in his weakest moments, must be fought blindly, without quarter—and conquered-at the risk of any personal sacrifice— how the misfortune of the slightest false step recommits him to the penal servitude- from which he was so recently liberated.

One can readily understand the almost superhuman patience, and indifference to contempt and discouragement it requires to successfully run the gauntlet of such circumstantial opposition. Patient to withstand unresentfully the repeated refusals to grant a second honest trial; purpose to hold steadfastly to an unswerving determination to maintain the redemption, endurance to the contempt of acquaintances in order that the goal may not appear unattainable; perseverance to overcome the various obstacles that shall be encountered at every step in the reconstruction of a character and fortune.

The ever present difficulty to the retrieval of a dishonored character or shattered respectability is the uncompromising attitude of a society whose ostracism—the delusion of a baseless medieval tradition as pernicious in its application as it is socially homicidal in its consequences—condemns a but once-fallen fellow-creature to perpetual social oblivion, and industrial extinction. Could such a scandalous condition issue from anything but a system of mal-adjusted industrial and social repartion?

With questionable judgment society arrogates toitself the custodianship of the reformed coffender’s morals and peremptorily delivers itself of the fallacious heresy: ‘‘once a criminal always a criminal.” Could the actuality of such a conception ever materialize, imagine the spectacle of this world peopled by criminals—without exception—would inflict upon nature. For there has never been; or will there ever be, one born of woman, but at some period of his existence has been criminal, even intentionally—and if the intent or wish is encouraged,: the crime is potenially committed.

Another adverse element of the difficult problem should be seriously considered, being one of those inconsequential usages—a generally exercised misconception indiscriminately applied to prisoners on the whole— which hinders greatly his efforts to re-estab- lish his industrial status. This is the mischievous habit of hounding him into any kind of temporary employment, to which he may be ill-suited—a misfit accompanied by unsatisfactory results to all concerned.

The injustice of hounding into office any man whose talent, ability or inclination and temperament points in an unquestionably opposite direction is universally admitted as undesirable and injurious. This is specifically true in the prisoner’s case. Hounding, whether by well meaning friends, disgruntled relatives or from other sources, should be abandoned as a neghglble factor. It destroys the quality of conscientious confidence; it tends to disarm an ex-convict of self-reliance, self-restraint and fearlessness; it prejudices him into entertaining doubts and apprehensions regarding the entirely unselfish motives of those who delight in its practise, and their questionable desire for his permanent welfare.

How much wiser, more effective, and resultant of prosperous consequences it would be if, instead of demanding that a paroled or released convict acquires any kind of employment within a specified number of hours, a few days were permitted, during which he would surely establish himself in an industrial enviroment at once pleasant and remunerative—according to temperament. What matters it if, pursuance of a policy of sapient judgment and with appreciation of the general fitness and adaptability of things, an offender takes six nours or seven days in which to secure adequate employment so long as he attains this objective within reasonable length of time?

(Continued in our next issue. )