---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2008'
image: umpire_1916_175.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Edward Benson, a Wooster, O., farmer, bought a heavy chest at an auction of unclaimed goods from the express company for thirty cents. It contained a set of burglar’s tools, several suits of clothes and $27.00 in cash.

James V. Nash, who graduated from the University of Chicago in 1915, after working his way through college, instead of waiting until wealthy to remember his alma mater, has given the university the first $1000 he saved.

Standard brands of Minneapolis flour advanced in Chicago to $9.30 a barrel. This is the highest price in more than forty years. Damage to the wheat crop in Argentina by drought is held to be largely responsible for the advance.

Fifty-eight hundred miles—across the Pacific—were covered by a wireless message, sent direct from the Marconi wireless station in San Francisco to the Japanese Government wireless plant at Ochi Ishi, Japan. 
The ‘‘conversation’” was a test preliminary to the inauguration of a commercial service between the two points.

It was John B. Stewart’s misfortune to burn up his new home-to-be in Passaic, N. J., the other day, just a few hours before Miss Madeline Embler became his wife. The couple visited the house to start a fire in the range. A defective flue soon set the house in flames. Some of the new furniture was saved and the wedding was not delayed.

“Nitro-intoxication’’ is suggested by physicians as the trouble with James Rice, and Harry Johnson, of this city. Both were employed as makers of high explosives at the Du Pont plant at Carney’s Point. They have been acting strangely for several daysand were sent to the Philadelphia hospital for observation. They told a rambling tale of inhaling gases that drove them ‘‘insane.’’

Miss Margaret B. Owen, operating an Underwood typewriter, won contest at the Thirteenth Annual Business Show in the Sixty-ninth Regiment Armory, New York City. The contest, in which all the standard typewriters were represented, lasted for an hour. Miss Owen wrote an average of 137 words a minute, breaking her former record, established last year, of 136 words a minute for an hour. The prize was a $1000 silver cup about three feet high.
The international amateur championship was won by Miss Hortense S. Stollnitz, using a self-starting Remington and making a record of 137 words a minute for the half hour.