---
author: B-8266
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2014'
image: umpire_1916_176.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 1st Section of the H. F. C. was highly pleased with Saturday’s entertainment. If there is a man of that audience who will say that he did not enjoy himself, his case is hopeless: his address should be Laurel, not Cherry Hill.

We had thought it impossible to improve upon the previous Saturday’s program, but it was done, and still better things are promised for the future. There was no disorder, every one being on their best behavior, and the rule against spitting was kept to the letter. We hope the 2nd Section will follow the good example. The president of the Club announces that unless those members from the 7th Block who broke this rule come forward and apologize to the Club for their misconduct, they, as well as their fellow-members from this block, will not be permitted to attend. So, boys, it is up to you to do the manly thing. There were a number of visitors present—Mr. Dipple, Mrs. Kraupa, Miss Russell, among others. The Warden was present, and he expressed himself as highly pleased with both performance and conduct of the audience.

The first number of the program was a five-reel photo drama, ‘‘Reggie Mixes In,’’ with Douglas Fairbanks in the role of a young society man who turns ‘‘bouncer’’ in a slum saloon, and incidentally wins a bride. It was a great picture. Kerfer & Albert, in a singing and talking act, sweetened with a few dance steps, were very much to the au- dience’s liking. The duets, ‘‘Come Back to Erin’’ and “I Told You to Do It, but You Didn’t,” were especially good. Hooper & Burkholder, a singing and dancing team, were favorites from the start. Mr. Hooper announced his intention of singing ‘“The Flatter the Plate, the Fewer the Soup,’’ but happily for the feelings of his audience, changed to “The Hero of the European War.” Miss Burkholder sang ‘‘There’s a Little Bit of Bad in Every Good Little Girl,” to the delight of all. In responding to an encore they sang “Marry Me, or I’ll Marry You,” and Miss Burkholder was moved to make a neat little curtain speech in which she was kind enough to say that she had never appeared before a more appreciative audience, and expressed her great pleasure in being given the opportunity to appear before us. We heartily return the compliment.

The performance closed with a Triangle-Keystone farce, ‘‘Bath-Tub Perils.” It was a laugh from start to finish, and it sent everybody home in the best of good humor. It was indeed a red-letter day.

Next Saturday, October 28th, the following blocks and galleries go out: 3rd B, 4th B, 5th B, 5th G, 7th B, 7th G, and 9th B. —B 8266. 

B 7819-B 5602, Rep. Dels.