---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2018'
image: umpire_1916_176.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**) 

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block. (**)

FOR SALE—Rings, button-hooks, spoons and toothpicks, made of German silver. Best workmanship. B 7241, 1st Block. (40)

FOR SALE—Bird cages. 25c to $1.00. B 5602, 7th Gallery. (40)

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75¢ up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy inlaid wood pincushions and children’s furniture. Cushions from 50c to $2.00. B 8203, 6th Block. (40)

FOR SALE—Fancy bead collars, for ladies. Prices reasonable. B 5496, 12th Block, 2nd Gallery. (40)

FOR SALE—Guitar, first-class condition; worth $8.00, sacrifice for $4.00. B 7756, 9th Block. (40)

FOR SALE—High-grade novelty hand-bags, $1.25. Always a welcome present to ladies. B 7712, 7th Block. (40)

FOR SALE—Banjo and case, 3 sets of strings, instruction book, and 39 brackets. Cost $10.50; will sell for $6.50, including certificate for 53 lessons in National Academy of Music. B 6919, 12th Block, 2nd Gallery.

FOR SALE—All kinds of inlay wood at 5c a foot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto, B 7698, 7th Gallery. (40)

FOR SALE—Singing birds; young and old, male and female. B 7507, 9th Block. (40)

SCROLL WORK—Plain or fancy letters. Your name cut out of white holly wood for 25c; 3 letters for 5c. A novelty. Fine for inlaid boxes, etc. B 7695, 7th Gallery. (41)

FOR SALE—A guitar in good condition. Price $2.50. B 7821, 1st Block. (42)

FOR SALE A set of inlaid worker’s tools; almost new. Price $5.00. B 6994, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Bead watch fobs, with swivels, 25c and 35c each; also bead rings and necklaces. B 7664, 8th Block. (42) 

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted trays, photo enlargements in crayon, water color or oil; also oil paintings. Prices reasonable. B 6329, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted post-cards, 5c and 10c each; also picture frames for Lorillard enlargements and other frames. B 5099, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE—$3.00 Lafayette blue steel razor, never used; first 75c takes it. B 5098, 7th Block. (42)

FOR SALE—Plain or fancy paper boxes made to order, in large or small quantities. Quallty and workmanship excellent. B 1000, Cr. UMPIRE.

FOR SALE—Well-made inlaid boxes; also guitar and mandolin. B 6523, 7th Block.