---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2019'
image: umpire_1916_177.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- navy
- ' ships'
- ' war'
title: New U.S. Navy Looms As Bids For Warships Show
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

NEW U. S. NAVY LOOMS AS BIDS FOR WARSHIPS SHOW

Work to be Started by Feb. 1, 1917— 4 Superdreadnoughts and 4 Scout Cruisers Head the List

A recent dispatch from Washington announces that bids for the first fifty-eight ships to be laid down in 1917 as part of the greater navy building program are being opened at the navy department. Congress has authorized the beginning of 66 ships in 1917 as the first instalment of the 156 authorized for the navy increases. Vessels for which estimates of private bidders were examined today include four battleships, four scout cruisers, twenty destroyers and thirty coast submarines. Early in December bids will be opened for four battle cruisers and at a later date figures will be received on one ammunition ship.

Under the terms of the naval bill all the 1917 ships must be contracted for or work on their construction in Government yards begun before February 1. Construction of a hospital ship, fuel ship and a gunboat has already been started at the navy yards at Philadelphia, Boston and Charleston, respectively. The four battleships will be the first of the American navy to carry 16-inch rifles in their main batteries. Kach will be equipped with eight of these big guns—the heaviest known to have been placed aboard warcraft, although it is currently reported that Great Britain is preparing to arm an experimental ship with 18-inch rifles.

They will be similar in appearance and design to the superdreadnoughts Tennessee and California, but will be 600 tons heavier in displacement, totaling 32,600 tons. The ships are expected to have a cruising radius of nearly 7000 sea miles without refueling. They will have the steam electric drive and make at least 21 knots.

In addition to the 16-inch rifles, the new ships will carry eighteen five-inch torpedo defense guns, four of the new high range three-inch anti-aircraft guns and the usual equipment of torpedo tubes. Their main batteries will be mounted two guns to a turret, departing from the three-gun turret construction on the Pennsylvania and later ships.

The scout cruisers will be the first scouts, designed for that work alone, to be added to the navy. The old light cruisers Salem, Chester and Birmingham, known as scout cruisers, have not the speed necessary for a modern sea picket. The scouts will make a sustained speed of 35 knots an hour: They will look like big destroyers and be nearly six times as large as the greatest torpedo craft.