---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2026'
image: umpire_1916_178.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- The Square Deal
- ' parole'
title: The Law That Failed
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE LAW THAT FAILED

According to a recent article in the Square Deal, of Lansing, Kansas, the new parole law in that state has not proved to be the beneficial measure that was expected when the law became operative. Instead of reducing the average term of the sentenced men, it has operated to double the length of their incarceration.

To quote the writer, “The parole law is right in principle.” But, etc.

Continuing we read:

Judge C. W. Smith, parole clerk to Governor Capper, after a thorough investigation has reached the conclusion that the Kansas parole law which was passed with the express intention of shortening the length of imprisonment of deserving inmates has increased the length of incarceration rather than decreased it. As Judge Smith says: "It seems rough on the prisoners that it has resulted in longer instead of shorter terms when its advent was hailed as a humanitarian movement.’’

Under the old definite sentence law the average length of imprisonment in Kansas was less than two years. The parole law was passed in 1904 and in 1909 the average length of a man’s incarceration had increased to three years and six months, while in 1916 it amounts to slightly over four years.

Prior to the passage of the parole law the Judge assessed punishment to fit the proven facts. Sometimes the punishment was excessive and in order to alleviate that condition the parole law was passed. Now, under the state parole law, the minimum and maximum sentence for a given crime are fixed by statute. At the expiration of the minimum sentence a prisoner who has maintained a clear record is eligible for parole. But in order to secure a parole he must have the recommen- dation of the Parole Board and the Powers that be, and that is not always forthcoming. So it happens in the face of the so-called humanitarian attitude that many men serve the maximum sentence fixed by law, who should have had the benefit of the perole privilege.

The only logical and sane indeterminate sentence is the so-called indefinite one. Sentence a man to prison, until in the opinion of those who come in daily contact with him, he is fit for freedom. When he is fit, release him speedily. Long sentences are only deterrent, when suspended and continued imprisonment after a man has shown an inclination to go straight can only dull his sensibilities and weaken him mentally and morally.