---
author: St. Elmo Wolsey-Wolseley
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2027'
image: umpire_1916_178.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- criminality
- ' punishment'
- ' justice system'
title: In Behalf Of The First Offender
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

IN BEHALF OF THE FIRST OFFENDER

(Continued from our last issue.)

Society owes to Christianity, to the economic welfare and progress of civilization, and to the improvement of the spiritual development of future generations, to create and sustain such conditions as shall make possible the reclamation of its erring brethren a noble undertaking, and an accomplishment of God-inspired philanthropy. In this respect it can not afford to, ignore or despise itsobligations. It would be perpetuating a species of social homicide that future generations will not hold it guiltless of.

The successful reformation of every first offender adds to the triumph of political economy; assures safety to progressive government; intimidates the specter of perpetual crime; insures from criminal intent the destruction of personal property; and pledges universal benefit.

Neither is this desideratum of humane endeavor so difficult of attainment. Primarily, the achievement rests with the recent offender himself. It is safe to conclude that the percentage of all released first offenders, re-entering society with the avowed intention of recuperating a bankrupt respectability and prestige, has developed into dimentions extraordinarily gratifying.

Moreover, it is reasonable to conclude, that they would all succeed if not deliberately injected into a demoralized environment by the should be nothing if not mediums of benevolent assistance. If such an unfortunate can not be materially assisted, he should not be discouraged. If you can not help him, rather than discourage and tempt him, leave him to those good intentions within him which will evolve for his improvement, A word of encouragement, a smile of approval, an assurance of comprehensive sympathy, will go farther towards strengthening the reawakened instincts of his endeavors than all the stern, reproachful admonitions. Help him during this period when he most requires help.

The author has heard that a few ably managed corporations have expressed their willingness togive employment to paroled and released prisoners—both first offenders, chronic misdemeanants, and confirmed criminals. This benevolent concession he interprets as an incentestible sign of the gradual awakening of industrial society to the realization of its obligations and the ultimate benefit to itself as the indispensable branch of representative government. But this awakening is disconcertingly slow—sufficiently slow to warrant this article being submitted for consideration. The writer is also aware of the practical benefits being derived from the work of the Prison Commission, but such efforts are not likely to produce effective desirable results if society at large does not co-operate wholeheartedly.

In order to attain this, society must make each first offender realize that his individual integrity, honesty, and moral contributions are necessary to the success of beneficent social ethiecs. It must devise means to imbue him with the knowledge that upon his complete reformation largely depends the success of our civic compatibility. Let him feel his share of public responsibility to an appreciable extent; make him perceive that the State—the country—for its benefit, requires something more energetic than mediocre citizenship; convince him of his ability to contribute independently towards the welfare of his race, and that his future actions should continue to foster a judicious administration of social compassion and public forbearance.

—St. Elmo Wolsey-Wolseley in the Prison Observer.