---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2032'
image: umpire_1916_179.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Mrs. Lloyd Warfield, of Spencertown, N. Y., about to be sent to an insane asylum, had all her teeth extracted. Several had ulcers at the roots and the woman’s faculties immediately returned.

Using noise-proof dice made of white soap, burnt match heads supplying the spots, prisoners in the county jail at Reading ran a regulation crap game. They were discovered by the guards. All the soap in the cells was confiscated.

Potatoes have replaced munitions of war as sources of prosperity, in the estimation of Chauncey H. Young, a Riverhead, L. I., farmer. Young isn’t even interested in ‘‘war baby’’ stocks for he’s too busy marketing a potato crop of 16,000 bushels. Last week he sold more than $1000 worth of ‘‘spuds’’ each day.

While Carl Williamson, a chauffeur, was awaiting his case to be called in Mulberry street court, New York, he fell asleep. A neighbor picked his pocket of $40. He was fired $30 for overspeeding and on leaving court found some one had stolen his employer’s seven passenger car. A detective located the car, but his $70 is gone.

The first armored car ever built for the United States army was tested at the Sandy Hook Proving Grounds. The car mounts one three-inch field gun and twenty machine guns. It was built by the Standard Steel Car Company, of Hammond, Ind., and was delivered in twenty-seven days after the order was placed. The car is intended for patrol work.

Three stowaways on the French freighter Virgnie whien arrived in New York, sneezed and wept unseen during the first four days of their trip from Bordeaux. There was a reason. They had hidden themselves in a small section of the hold which had garlic on one side and cheese on the other, with dried peppers dowa below. The bo’sun found and released them.

A piece of one and a quarter inch gas pipe, capped on both ends, about five inches in length, was used as a bank by Chicago workingmen. The iron pipe went through a fire and its contents burned to a char. The owner forwarded it to the Redemption Division of the Treasury Department, He asked $210 reimbursement. The experts found the value correct. There were nine $20 bills, two $10 bills and two $5 bills. The money has been refused.