---
author: B-7542
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2038'
image: umpire_1916_180.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Through the kindness of the Warden and the President and our many friends and well-wishers from the outside, who volunteered their talent and efforts to entertain, the members were again permitted to enjoy another pleasing afternoon on Saturday last. The performers included Miss Sara Myers, Connolly and Ardineer, and Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Company, his son Herbert, and Mr. Mulligan. Miss Mae Russell was again with us, interesting herself in our behalf.

Professor Wiegandt presided, with the leader’s baton, while our inmate pianist (B 6252) accompanied the singers on the piano in a manner that called for the approval of each singer.

Promptly at one o’clock the members formed in line, and marshalled by their delegates, marched to the amusement hall. The orchestra performed an overture while they were being seated, after which the Vice- President (A 8432) made a few remarks. Straight from the shoulder came the words and each one was spoken in a manner that left no doubt as to its meaning, and the man- ner in which they were taken was shown by the applause, and not a single report of spitting was reported. Some record this; let it always be so.

Then came the show. Our friend—and he is our friend—Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Company, was first with the ‘‘movie,” ‘‘Getting His Picture in the Papers.” I guess when the bouts at the Harvard Athletic Club were shown some of the boys didn’t sit up and take notice and try to “snare’’ some of “Dug’’ Fairbank’s upper-cuts and cross-counters.

Then like the pudding to a good dinner came Connolly and Ardineer in their sketch (in costume and make-up) “The New Soldier.” The audience went wild, and the applause was so hearty they just could not help from giving us another song, and they did.

Then Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline Book ng Company, proved her interest in the boys and their entertainment by giving us another treat in Miss Sara Myers, who sang ‘‘There’s A Little Bit of Bad in Every Good Little Girl.” The boys agreed with her, for so hearty was the applause that she returned for the encore and sang ‘‘In Maryland.’’ In this she was so pleasing that the boys would not be denied, so again she obliged them with “He May Be Old but He Has Young Ideas.” In this she introduced a dance which was graceful and pleasing, and leaving a burst of applause made a very pretty bow and was gone. Will she return? Let us hope so. A vote of thanks for Miss Myers and Messrs. Connolly and Ardineer and another for Miss Russell and the Kline Booking Company.

Then came the scream of the screen, ‘‘His Last Laugh.” Was there any one who saw that picture that has laughed his last laugh? Not one.

Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Company was ably assisted by his son Herbert and Mr. Mulligan. Boys, one big cheer and a vote of thanks to Mr. Kraupa, his son, and Mr. Mulligan.

The Warden was there and was satisfied and pleased with the way everything went off. Be assured that as long as everything proceeds in a satisfactory manner he is earnest in his interest for the welfare of all. Make good for the privileges, and trust the future. There were a number of outside visitors, among which were several members of the Warden’s family, Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Karlavagn of theatrical fame, and others.

President Reuben C. McKenty made a ruling that every one be admitted to membership and a new start made under this ruling. All who will subscribe to the rules (they are very simple and mean just be decent) can enjoy the privileges of the entertainments. This means, “The ship is about to sail, get aboard every one, the port is Pleasure Harbor.”

The Christmas fund is progressing. Is your number down? Many children will be made happy on Christmas by a small (or large) contribution. Drop a piece of silver in and see how happy you feel.

The 2nd section goes out next week, November 4, 6 B, 6 G, 8 B, 10 B, 11 B, 12 B, 12 G 1-2, 1 B.
Rep. Del. B 5602, 7664-

—B 7542