---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2043'
image: umpire_1916_181.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Germany
- ' mail'
- ' war'
title: Deutschland May Open Mail Service To Germany
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

DEUTSCHLAND MAY OPEN MAIL SERVICE TO GERMANY

Post-Office Department Ready to Accept Proposition— Would be Beneficial to Both Countries

It is reported from Washington that the Post-Office Department is prepared to accept a proposal, submitted by Count von Bernstorff, the German Ambassador, that mails between this country and Germany be transported in merchant submarines. Announcement to this effect was made public within the last few days by Otto Praeger, Second Assistant Postmaster-General.

The proposal is that not more than three hundred pounds of first-class letter mail be carried by each German merchant submarine leaving an American port at the regular steam liner rate. The suggestion was made that submarine mail be placed in special containers, but the post-office authorities rejected that, saying the mails could only be handled with the regular equipment. German officials hope the plans can be completed in time for the Deutschland to carry the first mail shipment on her second return voyage.

Soon after the Deutschland arrived at Baltimore on her first trip representatives of the owners, through the German Ambassador, officially suggested to the Post-Office Department that such a service be established.

Establishment of a regular mail service by submarine undoubtedly would, it is believed, have a great effect upon exchange between the United States and Germany and furnish American business interests with connections in Germany with a means of doing business directly as well as avoiding British censorship and seizure of securities.

The return of the Deutschland is not expected to raise any embarrassing issue for the United States Government. The vessel will be examined, and if its status is the same as when it was here on its previous visit to Baltimore the vessel will be allowed to clear at will as a merchant submarine.