---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2051'
image: umpire_1916_182.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' justice system'
title: Judges Should Visit Prisons
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

JUDGES SHOULD VISIT PRISONS

It is an encouraging sign to note that the idea of having judges visit penal institutions periodically, for the purpose of becoming better informed on the actual conditions prisoners have to endure while serving sentence, so they may observe the effect of incarceration as a means of correction and reform, and to note the fitness of prison inmates for liberation under parole or otherwise, is fast gaining ground among the thinking public, and those who have the best interest of the fallen and unfortunate at heart. Foremost among the latter class is Dr. William O. Stillman, editor of The National Humane Review, who is ever on the alert to cooperate in the betterment of suffering humanity.

In a recent article from his pen, Dr. Stillman states that ‘‘some one has declared that a judge should not be permitted to sentence a prisoner to the penitentiary until the said judge has had an opportunity to know, by practical experience, just what a prison sentence means. As one ardent advocate of the desirability of properly educating judges recently declared: ‘Every judge should be sentenced to thirty days in prison before he is permitted to send a prisoner there.’

“There can be no doubt but what judges have been showing greater leniency toward prisoners. Perhaps this has resulted largely from the tendencies of the times, which have favored kindly treatment for delinquents. National and state meetings of judges to discuss their policies in handling criminals have also led to more enlightened and wider vision. We believe that the policy of mercy and kindness to prisoners is one which will yield the best results, and anything which will make the judge wiser, more sympathetic and to appreciate more clearly the temptations and conditions which produce most criminality will also best conduce to reform.’’