---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2052'
image: umpire_1916_182.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' prison'
- ' The Square Deal'
title: The Road Called Straight
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE ROAD CALLED STRAIGHT 

The day has passed when a man is eternally condemned because of a single error. The age old prejudice against the convicted felon is fast disappearing and the man leaving prison to begin life anew is meeting some encouragement where before he met only distrust and suspicion. 

Under these circumstances many graduates of our penal institutions are making good in a big way. Every day we read of some fellow with a past who has wrested success from apparent failure. One of the highest salaried sales managers in the automobile business once wore a suit of prison gray.

The business men of the nation are coming to understand that trust begets trust, and they find that the ex-prisoner if given a decent chance will work faithfully and hard to effect his own rehabilitation. Some of the largest manufacturing concerns in the country are opening the doors of their plants to the fellow who wants a chance—and is willing to fight for it.

The Road called Straight is the only route. It pays to be honest, and the new penology is teaching men how to become honorable citizens. The old time professional crook is passing as the buffalo and long-haired gunman passed. Even those who guard the treasure chests of the American Bankers’ Association admit this. Last year only three members of that organization suffered loss by burglary.

The old-timers, the men with nerve, brains and experience, realizing the futility of further following a criminal career are traveling the Road called Straight. 

—The Square Deal.