---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2059'
image: umpire_1916_183.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Scores were injured by a hailstorm that broke suddenly during the motorboat regatta at Sunapee Harbor, N. H. The races were finished, but contestants received cuts and blackened eyes.

Kissing has received the official ban of the New York State Board of Health in a bulletin issued yesterday. It says: ‘‘Kissing on the mouth, especially children, should be discour- aged.”

False teeth broke up a political meeting in Casper, Wyo. Senator Jones, of Washington, answering a group of Wilson hecklers, start- ed to launch a tremendous sentence. He launched his teeth instead. As they bounded on the floor shrieks of laughter broke up the meeting.

It required just five and a half minutes to find the J. Tolchinsky Grocery Corporation guilty of failing to make a return income tax report when the case came up in the Federal Courtin Brooklyn, N. Y., recently. A deputy collector of internal revenue was the only witness heard. A fine of $1000 was imposed, completing the shortest trial on record in Kings County.

“Don’t fuss. I haven’t a relative in the world, and I would like to be cremated. I have only $26. Not enough? No? Oh, well.” The foregoing is the textleft by Mrs. Minerva Holmes, of New York, who was found dead recently, a suicide by gas. It was addressed to the Coroner and the money was enclosed in an envelope. She was known as the “woman of mystery.”

As a thief William Rankin was a failure. So he went to prison and achieved success. Sen- tenced to Joliet for one to ten years he met a mouse. They became friends. Other mice came along. He befriended them. Then he taught them to loop the loop, perform high dives, play ‘‘dead,” answer to their individual names, and hunt peanuts and cheese. Now Rankin has a mouse circus, said to be one of the oddest ‘‘menageries’’ in existence. He wants a parole so the world can see it.

An unusual plot of ground in lower New York City, rank with grass and weeds and enclosed by a picket fence, had long taunted the curiosity of James Lucia, twelve years old. With several companions, he climbed the fence and began to explore the midurban wilderness. Suddenly he screamed and was lost to view. A policeman summoned to the rescue found the lad at the bottom of a pit, pale and trembling, in the midst of a collection of coffins, skulls and skeletons. The plot is the site of one of New York’s oldest cemeteries. Seventy-five years ago it was abandoned.