---
author: B-7542
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2062'
image: umpire_1916_184.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Election day has come and gone, and as good American citizens we greet the incom- ing President and say ‘‘God bless you, sir.” But what interests the Honor and Friendship Club as individuals, is the entertainment on Saturday, given through the kindness of the Warden and our friends from the outside. For this privilege the officers and members of the 2nd Section H. F. C. respectfully thank each and every one who took a part in our entertainment.

Each performance appears to be the best possible, and yet a new and better feature comes with the following week. A new background, painted by B 7648, representing a scene in a Colorado canyon, gave a realistic feature to the stage; and the fact that the artist took but seven hours to complete the work strongly indicates the point emphasized by the Warden and friends of prisoners, that there is good talent to be found among shut-ins, and they are using their endeavors to bring it out.

The dinner is eaten, dishes are washed, each member of the 2nd Section has on his new bid and tucker and watches the clock. One o’clock; here we go! All line up for the Big Show! No one knows what he will see, and each one is curious; but appreciating the privilege, there is no disorder, and, orderly and pleased, arrive at the ‘‘amusement hall,” where Professor Wiegandt had the best in stock, and a burst of pure harmony from the inmate orchestra gave portend to what was to come.

After all were seated, and each one settled down, the Vice-President (B 8432) gave the opening address. Pete don’t say much, but each word has a meaning; so pay attention to what he says, as he represents the giver of these privileges.

The performance opened with a five-reel film entitled ‘‘Bullets and Brown Eyes.” Everything to create interest was there, armored autos, motorceycles, aeroplanes, soldiers, and ‘‘Brown Eyes.” The soldier did his duty, faced all the horrors of war, and then came the ‘‘Brown Eyes" and he fell. But who wouldn’t fall for a pair of brown eyes? The applause was plenty; but you can’t encore a ‘‘movie.” Too bad.

We missed Sam with the drum, but as he company, we excuse him; but his place on the drum can’t be filled. Our pianist (B 6252) hesitated for an instant with Miss Curtiss; but, like a thoroughbred, caught the pace, and after that everything went along smooth.

The visitors’ row was filled by our friends. The Warden was with us and enjoyed himself. Our good friend, Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline Booking Company, was with us, and we thank her for the treats she provides. Our President, Mr. R. C. McKenty, with the heir-apparent, attended by the heir’s Aunt Elsie and Uxxele Bill, came early and remained late.

Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Company, never misses an opportunity to demonstrate his friendship for the Club. When the Kiddie Xmas Fund was broached, quick as a flash he said, ‘Good idea. Put me down for $5.00.” Thanks, brother member. Thanks from all, and the kiddies too.

Mr. and Mrs. Dipple were there and Mr. Bert LeMarte, who was to perform but was disappointed; and so were we.

Mr. Dipple appeared to be overﬂowmg with the milk of human kindness and fairly ex- uded good-fellowship from every pore as he passed along.

Miss Daisy Butland opened the vaudeville. The most difficult of all music is “triple- tongueing’’ a cornet, and yet this dainty lady executed score after score of marvelous music. The Warden, an interested member, became so enthusiastic he turned from right to left saying, “The best I ever heard! That’s good!”

The applause was so hearty and the encore bid fair to be a continuous performance, so Miss Mae Russell came to the rescue with the remark: "Boys, have a little mercy on the players. They want to please, but we have a big show and want you to see it all.” But how can we help appreciating a good thing; so when Mr. Charles Allman, principal comedian with H. Barkus Orchard Company, did his songs and monologue the applause again rose to the roof. The treat of the afternoon was waiting, however, when Miss Dot Curtiss, a daughter of dear old Scotland, made her appearance with songs and imitations of the violin and cornet. It was an honor to the Honor and Friendship Club that the first bow to an American audience was made by Miss Curtiss before us on Saturday, and judging from the reception and epplause her success in America is assured.

The Maher Quintette wound up the vaudeville performance; each member gave a solo with the quintette as a chorus. Each one was so good that our verdict is, all were the best; so thank you and come again.

Then ‘‘Fatty’” Arbuckle, in ‘‘The Village Scandal,” on the Keystone Film. Who ecan describe ‘‘Fatty’’ Arbuckle? He just came and sent us home laughing; that’s all. Professor Wiegandt, with the inmate orchestra, provided recessional musie, filled with American military airs. The performers caught the spirit and gave everything in them to the effort. It was grand and inspiring.

Mr. Schwartz, of the Lubin Film Company, Mrs. Schwartz, Mrs. and Miss Vincent and Miss E. Clark were interested in every part of the performance, as was Attorney Carroll, who was with us in a social—not professional —way. Joe Georgianna was in evidence, but he produced his ticket at the door and was one of ‘‘the boys.” We have nothing against the ‘‘screws” if they behave themselves and don’t spit on the floor. We’ll let ’em in, but they must have a ticket.

Did you notice the "Kiddie Xmas Film?” Don’t forget the Xmas Kiddie Fund, Make a feature of that. Some kiddie will be happier this Christmas for the ‘‘cons’ mite,’’ and those who give will receive the ‘‘God bless the big brother on ‘The Hill.’ ” that some kiddo will send up to Heaven Christmas morning. Next Saturday, Nov. 11th, one o’clock sharp, the 1st Section gces out as follows: 5 B, 5 G, 7B, 7G, 9 B, 3 B, 4 B, 4 G, Get your tickets and be ready. B 7664-5602.

—B 7542.