---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2066'
image: umpire_1916_185.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- temperance
- ' prohibition'
title: Temperance Gains 5 More States In Election
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

TEMPERANCE GAINS 5 MORE STATES IN ELECTION

Half the States in the Union Now Dry —Congress to Take Up Measure Soon

According to the latest available reports temperance won five more states in Tuesday’s election, so that now half the nation is dry.

Prohibition swept Michigan, South Dakota, Nebraska and Montana, and Utah elected a Governor and a legislature absolutely pledged to the principle that liquor has no place in a modern community.

The election brings the number of completely dry states up to twenty-four, and upon the returns the anti-saloon leaders of the country base predictions that the Webb- Smith - Gallinger - Sheppard resolution for a prohibition amendment to the National Constitution will be passed by Congress in December or January.

"It is difficult to believe that Congress can continue to resist the proposition that this amendment be submitted to the people in face of the overwhelming sentiment, not alone in favor of the resolution itself, but absolutely in favor of prohibition,” said H. L. Chalfant, editor of the Pennsylvania edition of the American Issue at the headquar- ters of the State Anti-Saloon League yesterday. “I firmly believe that the resolution will receive a sufficient number of votes to win, if not from the present Congress, then surely from the next.’’

The result in Michigan makes Detroit the largest dry city on the continent up to date. The fight in Michigan was one of the most brilliantly conducted campaigns on the part of the foes of liquor, that was ever waged in America, according to anti-saloon leaders.

In this state the anti-saloon element is claiming credit for the defeat of Congressman A. J Barchfeld, of Pittsburgh, and of Congressman Warren Worth Bailey, of Johnstown. Barchfeld is a Republican, while Bailey is a Democrat. The Anti-Saloon League fights without regard to party, probably the biggest factor in the prohibition hope that Congress will pass the amendment resolution is the fact that the same resolution in 1914, then known as the Hobson resolution, received 197 votes, eight more th n were cast against it. But it required a two-third vote.

The ‘‘dry”’ states, including those which voted for prohibition on Tuesday, are as follows:

Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Kansas, Idaho, Iowa, Mississippi, North Carolina, Maine, Michigan, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Virginia, Utah, Washington, and West Virginia.