---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2067'
image: umpire_1916_185.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- labor
- ' railroad'
title: The Eight-Hour Law To Be Tested In Court
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE EIGHT-HOUR LAW TO BE TESTED IN COURT 

Injunction Sought By Santa Fe—Declares Adamson Law Unconstitutional

A late report from Kansas City, Mo., states that the Atkinson, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway filed a suit in the Federal Court here last Friday, to enjoin the United States District Attorney in Kansas and ‘‘labor leaders’’ from compelling the railroad to putinto effect the Adamson ‘‘eight-hour’’ law.

The defendants in the case are Fred Robertson, United States District Attorney fcr the district of Kansas, and several train service employes, including a general chairman of the railway conductors, Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen, and a vice-chairman of the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen.

The bill calls attention to agreements with train employes, none of which, it says, contemplates that the employes shall work a fixed number of hours, but that owing to the nature of train service the trip, in terms of hours or mileage as preferred by the men in the basis of compensation.

The bill recites the circumstance surrounding the passage of the Adamson law, and claims that it is mere arbitrary increase in wages. The law, says the bill, in unconstitutional and void because it is not a regulation of inter-state commerce, that itis amere experiment intended as a basis for further legislation, that it deprives the company of its liberty of contract and right of property without the process of law, and that it is unworkable and uncertain.

The Court is asked to indicate what steps it shall take ‘‘by way of keeping special accounts, giving bond or otherwise, for the purpose of assuring complete protection to all its employes.” On the other hand, complainant says that if preliminary and final injunction be denied and this complainant be compelled under fear of penalties of the said act to adopt at his own peril some construction of the act involving the payment of increased wages to considerable numbers of its employes, and if the act shall subsequently be declared to be invalid. the loss thereby sustained by this complainant car never be repaired in any way.

In Federal Court in Omaha, the Union Pacific filed a bill of complaint, alleging that the Adamson act was unconstitutional.

With the filing of these suits the railroads of the United States began their fight against the eight-hour law.

It is asserted that a number of other suits would be filed next week, among them actions by large Eastern roads.