---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2072'
image: umpire_1916_186.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' religious services'
- ' '
title: Practical Social And Religious Work In Prison
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PRACTICAL SOCIAL AND RELIGIOUS WORK IN PRISON

The following interesting excerpts are taken from an address delivered by the Rev. T. O. Reed, Chaplain of the Ohio State’ Prison, before the International Prison Congress, recently held at Buffalo, N. Y.

Speakmg of the rehglous work, the Chaplain said: "I believe that all the religious services should be entlrely under the Chaplain, and he should use wisdom in allowing others to take part in the services. “The practical administration of religion, as applied to a penal institution. this day and age, is to appeal no longer to men ’s fear, to their ignorance and superstition, but to make a sensible appeal to their intelligence and reason, and to convince them of the love and forgiveness of God. Reform has touched the religious department of our modern penology as well as it has every other department.

"As Shakeqpeare said: ‘We no longer mount barbed steeds to fright the souls of fearful adversaries, with fear of hell and eternal perdition because in men, ‘who are rudely stamped and want love’s majesty' there are, nevertheless, the latent sentiments and the inherent craving for the true that pervades the souls of all human beings, if ever the scales of ignorance are lifted from their eyes and they are brought to see their conduct in the broad llght of God’s enlightened twentieth century.

“When we can get men to thlnk we have started them on the way to reformation. Men inside and out are coming to see that our religion is no idle theory, but a practical everyday working agency for happiness in life.

“The truth that I wish to impress is this:— bring religion by direct contact, by direct teaching, by direct personal example to the individual concerned.

“When a man sees the grace of God bemg demonstrated in other lives he begins to yearn for it in his own; when he comes to see others as good, clean, pure and happy, he will say to himself, ‘Why can’t I participate in it, too?’

“The Christian worker is to strengthen the hands of the weak, in his new resolves, to awaken his finer sentiments, direct his thoughts into nobler and better channels, and to emphasize always that the doctrine of Christ is the power of balvatlon and is able to solve every problem of life.

“When we receive a prisoner let us take him for what he is-—a plain man gone wrong and in-need of being straightened up. If his body is unfit to house a healthy spirit let the prison. physician repair it. If he is ignorant, give him some education to depend on. If he has any mechanical ability help him to master a trade. Give him what he needs and when he goes back to the world, he will not be helpless or alone. He will not be looked upon as a poor, miserable. wretch, but as a man. It is our duty to encourage them, help remove their difficulties, instead of adding to them, show them that there is a higher and better life, and that as Jesus forgives us our many trespasses, so we should forgive them theirs.