---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2073'
image: umpire_1916_186.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
- ' opinion'
title: The Foundation Of Character
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE FOUNDATION OF CHARACTER

Evil is the natural result of wrong thinking. Constantly thinking and forever bringing to the fore evil thoughts results, in a short time, in evil habits. Habits are formed by repeatedly thinking the same ideas a certain length of time, until fixed attention is not required. This creates in the brain what we may call a habit groove. Thus, corresponding thoughts that are not inimical to each other readily fit this groove and the result is that we mechanically per- form without any exertion of the will.

One’s character will be moulded according to one’s habitual thoughts and one’s counte- nance'is the mirror upon which one’s joy and grief, pleasure and pain, love and hatred are exhibited. A great many people estimate all things by exterior signs. By viewing these on every occasion they appraise, judge and draw conclusions or attributes. Upon meeting strangers one will say, "This man has an honest look,” or “He has a forbidding countenance." The physician pays more attention to the patient’s features than to the verbal reports received as to his condition. 

Destructive to character and opposed to purity, cleanliness and personal dignity is the loss of faith in one’s own resolutions because of frequent determinations to do that which is never done.

By correct thinking one can become transformed and influenced, regain one's self resepct and honor. Alone in one's room one can still blush or one's pulse still quicken over the fond remembrance of some noble deed or thought. In that case one still has the foundation upon which to build an honorable character.

—Milwaukee Sentinel