---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2078'
image: umpire_1916_187.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

At the ninth annual convention of the Vegetable Growers’ Association of America; held at Chicago, was introduced the seed of a new onion deodorized and tearless. By evolution, it is asserted, it may be given perfume of the lily or of the rose.

When he discovered that he had been robbed of $1.80, C. Taunt, a conductor of a New York City street railway, shouted the news to the motorman, stopped the car and rushed to the street curb. He reeled and fell, dead. “Overexertion," was given as the cause by a doctor.

New York’s ugliest girli and the handsomest man participated in.the grand march at the printing trades ball, at Madison Square Garden, in New York, Saturday night. Ruth Rogers was proud both of her designation as well as of Huntly Gordon, popular motion-picture actor, who was her partner.

A pink shirt that glowed in the darkness and jumped into a clinch worked the undoing of a burglar when he paid a midnight visit to the store of Ernesto Bruno, in New York, last Saturday night. Bruno saw the pink glow as he entered the store to telephone. The wearer, a negro, was arrested.

Clarence White Eagle, Comanche Indian, is in Chicago at the end of a 13,000-mile walk, for which he said he was to receive $10,000, but he was unable te find the men who were to pay him the money. He left Chicago October 16, 1915, walked to New York, thence to San Francisco and back to Chicago. He has worn out thirty-five pairs of shoes on the journey.

More than 600 witnesses have been summoned to appear before the grand jury as a result of what the authorities claim to be unusual activity on the part of boot-leggers in Kanawha County, W. Va. alleged violators of the Yost prohibition law have been held by the Charleston police court to await the action of the grand jury, while. nearly as many more are being held under bonds given in Magistrates courts.

John J. N. King, an attorney, and Miss Florence M. Tuplin were married at Jamaica recently as the result of a mistletoe romance of New Year’s Day, 1915. Miss Tuplin vowed she’d wed the first man to pass under a spray over her front door. King was the man, but an aged widower leaning heavily on a cane was shied away by the young woman’s parents, who had been let into the secret only a few minutes before.