---
author: B-7542
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2083'
image: umpire_1916_188.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' warden'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

If every one who helped in the entertainment given by the Honor and Friendship Club in the amusement hall on Saturday, November 11, were given the praise they deserve, it would be a continuous performance of expressions of gratitude.

The Warden comes first, as it is his broad-minded policy that makes possible, by his sanction, the diversion that comes with these performances and pictures.

With the view-point in the mind of the average citizen, that the convict is a type unto himself, with reeceding forehead, furtive look, jowled, and ready with little or no provocation to rob or kill—a man willing to defend and humanize this convict and by methods that are experimental and appear impracticable, endeavors to prove his theory a fact. This, then, is a man, and entitled to the gratitude of all convicts, both individual and in a body. The fact that we respect our privilege is sufficient to insure future privileges. Got it?

We of the 1st Section were there Satur- day—every one of us; and Professor Wiegandt handled the baton with his accustomed skill.

Mr. Kraupa and his son Herbert searched nis archives for the very best film he has and produced ‘‘The Captive God.”

The boys attended every change in silence until ‘‘Mexi-some-one’’ got into a mix-up with Tommy Bushwa, the captive god, and Tommy took an armhold on. ‘‘Mex,’’ old boy, gave a hump of his shoulders, and did an aero toboggan into the atmosphere. Then the applause stuff came out. No movie will encore.

Our Vice-President (A 8432) had a good thing up his sleeve for us, and after he had opened with a few chosen remarks, which meant ‘‘Be decent, boys, and be happy,” he announced ‘‘The Sweet Melody Quartette" (four inmartes), and maybe they didn’t deliver the goods! In costimes made by themselves, representing four kids the like of which you will see at any time on the byways of a large city, they opened a crap game to introduce their song. Their alert lookout for the ‘“Big Cop’’ and the chink of the coin gave it a reality that said they have been there before.

B 7867 did the lead (both insong and dice), “while B 8252, 7825, and 7655 made the chorus and the mellow harmony. Aside from this the acting was fine. Keep at it, boys; there’s a place for you on some stage “if your ‘bit’ ain’t too big.” Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline Booking Company, would place you if you were out. Miss Russell has opened the Palace Theater in Norristown, and she can use good talent.

Speaking of talent, what do you think of the Drennen Sisters, musical stars? Is that toe dancing the real thing? Try a stunt at it after pot pie and see how far you get.

Wasn’t that kind in Miss Drennen giving us one more song after the show was about over and her selection, “The Daughter of Mother Macree?” It warms your heart to hear such songs by such dainty artists. Three complete changes of costume too! Say, boys, are they entitled to every drop of gratitude we have? If some one says no, kick him; don’t be afraid; he won’t come back. Kick him hard!

Not all of our thanks are gone; some must go to Clarke and Leland. Which of the three costumes did you consider the best, and what did you think of the Hebrew’s version of "The River Shannon?’’ Billy Haskins says he can sing his version of it. Maybe he can. Me to the bake-house when he starts.

Here comes the laugh producer, and then we must go home. Why not stop the clock and say it’s only three o’clock? Oh, well; we’ll meet them again, ‘‘Pills of Peril’’ was the “laugh” this week—a Triangle Keystone product. It served to send the boys home happy.

The Warden proved himself a humanitarian. When every one was stiff from sitting at at- tention, he suddenly arose and said, ‘‘Stand up and stretch yourselves.” You bet every one stood and stretched. That human interest is what counts. Miss Mae Russell is an honorary member of the H. F. C., wears a button too; Mr Kraupa too.

A vote of thanks to Miss Mae Russell, the Dennen Sisters, Clarke and Leland, and Mr. Kraupa and his son Herbert. I move a committee go hunt Sam and ask him, Why? but some one saw him in good company again. This is the week we boom the Xmas Kiddie Fund. A dime will purchase a smile, two bits a grin, and four bits a laugh from some kiddie who watches at the chimney for "Old Chris.” Buy a laugh, and lose a grouch.

Next Saturday, November 18th, 1916, the 2nd Section goes out as follows: 8 B, 10 B, 11B, 12 B 1, G 2, 2nd 1 B, 6 G. 6 B,
— B 7542.

B 5902-7651, Rep. Dels.