---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2087'
image: umpire_1916_189.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ships
- ' navy'
- ' industry'
- ' war'
title: Great Shipyard Combine Over 400 Now Building
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

GREAT SHIPYARD COMBINE OVER 400 NOW BUILDING

Use 2500 More Men—Plants Extensively Enlarged to be

It is reported by reliable authorities that all the properties of the New York Shipbuilding Company have been bought by the American International Corporation, in association with the International Mercantile Marine Company.

Over four hundred steel merchant vessels were building or under contract in private American shipyards on November 1, as shown by reports received by the Bureau of Navigation. Of this number 188 are being built on the Delaware River, which has become the shipbuilding center of the United States and exceeds the Clyde in present activity.

The aggregate tonnage of these vessels is 1,479,946 gross tons, which represents an increase of 25,676 tons over the returns made on October 1. In the month of October American shipyards finished seventeen steel vessels of 52,491 tons and made new contracts for seventeen others.

The Delaware River’s capacity for turnlng out naval and merchant vessels is to be further increased as a result of the purchase of New York Shipbuilding Company, of Camden, by the American International Corporation, the International Mercantile Marine Company and W. R. Grace & Company. Not only will the deal increase the prestige of this river for shipbuilding, but it is believed it will be advantageous to Philadelphia in gaining South American business, as the National City Bank, of New York, which is behind the International Corporation, has branches to South America to facilitate credits, and W. R. Grace & Company operate a large fleet of steamships to South America.

Just about the beginning of the European war the National City Bank, of New York, realized that the United States were not getting its share of the South American business. After studying the situation it was decided this was because of the lack of credits.

This company then established three branches in South America, one in Montevideo, one in
Buenos Aires and another in Rio de Janeiro.

Further to increase American trade and give American business men better chances with foreign competitors, the National City Bank, with other financial institutions, formed the American International Corporation, which is said to be one of the most formidable trade agencies in the world.

The plant of the New York Shipbuilding Company has been pronounced by experts to be one of the largest and most scientifically planned in the world.