---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2088'
image: umpire_1916_189.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Pancho Villa
- ' Mexico'
- ' war'
title: Villa's Outlaws Continue Outrages In Mexico
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

VILLA’S OUTLAWS CONTINUE OUTRAGES IN MEXICO

Entire Mining Camp Wiped Out—Victims Include Americans, Germans and French—Situation Very Serious

Washington authorities are very much perturbed over recent reports from El Paso, Texas, which tend to confirm the previous accounts of the killing of Americans by Villa’s bandits.

From a Chinese refugee recently arrived from Parral, United States Government agents here (El Paso) received a report that all foreigners remaining in Parral, exclusive of the five known to have arrived at Culican Sinalao, had been killed by the Villa bandits.

The Chinese refugee said those killed included the American, German, Chinese, Hebrew, French and Arab residents of the mining camp. He also said a brother-in-law of Theodore Hoemuller, at Jiminez, had received confirmation of the killing of Hoemuller, a German subject, and his family in Parral. The Chinese refugee added that the general belief in Jiminez was that Edgar Kock, German Consular Agent in Parral, had been killed at Santa Rosalia.

United States Governmeqt representatives here have also received virtually the same report from a Chinese refugee who arrived in Juarez Thursday night. These reports agree that Villa and his bandits, after occupying the mining town, ordered the foreigners killed, looted the stores, arrested many of the natives and held them for ransom, and committed other depredatiors.

The Chinese refugee, who arrived last night, said that at least twenty Chinese had been killed in Parral and that fifteen Arabs, Hebrews and Syrians had been put to death. He did not know the number of other foreigners killed, although he said another Chinese who fled from Parral had told him in Jiminez that ‘‘all the foreigners had been put to death.”

A late report from Washington anncunces that although a despatch from Atlantic City stated that Secretary Lane would ask President Wilson to say the final word in the Mexican controversy, no engagement has been made at the White House for such a conference. The President was out of the city Monday, but he and Secretary Lane will discuss the developments of the Atlantic City parleys and the latest happenings elsewhere Tuesday evening.