---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2090'
image: umpire_1916_189.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- inside joke
- ' gossip'
- ' joke'
title: Inside Jingles
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INSIDE JINGLES

Don’t forget to do your Christmas shopping early.

A man may have a thousand wives and yet can find another.

Every cloud has a silver lining. Even the jail has its outside.

McCluskey’s one-eyed goat got into trouble last week. That goat must have been a burro.

Wanted—500 men to learn barbering trade. Apply ‘‘Chester,” pupil of the famous Professor Moler. Next!

“Slim,” the electrician, took exception to our remarks concering the bunch of Edisonites who invaded the print-shop to install some lights. His idea of an invasion is that of a raid on a crap game.

Joe, the mail-man, asks the inmates to have all mail addressed to them bear their register number on the envelope. You understand that in this way your money will not go astray.

Nat M. Wills, the great comedian, paid a visit to the institution last week. On being presented with some ginger cakes he made the remark, “Ah, I can use these jumbo teasers in my juggling act.’’
Good-luck to you, Nat.

Some of us here are in certain respects like the lilies of the fields. We toil not, neither do we spin. But unlike the aforementioned lily, neither do we beautify our surroundings. ‘‘There’s something rotten in Denmark.’’ 

A “silencer" for firearms is already an established fact.
Some genius should next apply himself to the development of a ‘‘silencer’’ for brass horns, so that the suffering public need not listen to their braying, with some aspiring young horn-blower as wind-director.

Alas and Alack! O tempore! O mores! Sic semper, tyrannis, etc. The powers that be have decided that the convict thrives best on soup, beans, and fish. Therefore it has been decided that the three graces shall be thrown at his unprotesting head, figuratively speaking (and sometimes literally), for an indeterminate time or as Shakespeare aptly expresses it ‘‘a Cycle of Cathay."