---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_008.jpg
---
BEARING OUR BURDENS CHEERFULLY

The happy faculty of being cheerful under
varied and trying circumstances is quite a dif-
ferent thing from the occasional and boisterous
kind of cheerfulness with which we are more
or less familiar. The latter hardly impresses us
" as worthy of emulation, for we areoften some-
what amazed at the slender causefor its exist-
ence, and not a little annoyed by its egotism
and aggressiveness. As an instance the thought
of suffering of any form would not necessarily
produce a feeling of cheerfulness, and when
this seems to be the case, it may impress the
observer as misplaced and entirely unnatural.

In Shakespeare’s play, ‘‘As You Like It,”’
the banished Duke suggests a deer hunt to
brighten the spirits of his party, and he is in-
formed by a lord in waiting that the melan-
choly Jacques grieves at this pursuit.

“And in that kind, swears you do more usurp
Then doth your brother that hath banish’d you.”

Here we have the case of a wise man who
grieved at the sight of a suffering deer, and so
earned the title of “melancholy,’” in reality he
manifests in the glimpses that we get of his
character a deep cheerfulness, due, no doubt,
to his insight into human nature and his aloof-
ness from the prevailing worldliness. Such
mental detachment as this would seem to be the
real starting point for unfailing cheerfulness,
because it means release from those weather-
cock like movements of thought absorbed with
the fickle elements of worldly success,

Bearing in mind the words of Him who' has
sifted the values of every experience in this
thought world of ours, we recall His saying,
“Be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.”
In this saying we are given a reason for cheer-

fulness, which should supersede all theories on
the subject, but even without this injunction,
or without a proper comprehension of the rea-
son for it, those whose natures are truly unsel-
fish would always be cheerful.

Every effort to become unselfish is accom-
panied by a like inclination to ‘‘make the best
. of circumstances,”” and which under any con-
ditions is advantageous, and of untold value.
The so called “‘last straw’ will have little or

know,

no effect upon the camel’s back when deprived
of its seeming weight by a ray of cheerfulness
lighter than air. A sage observes, in the mo-
ment of his direct misfortune, that ‘‘it’s only
a seasoning, and we must all be seasoned one
way or another. That’s religion, that is, you
> Conditions at the time were such
that any argument which refused consent in
their seeming ability to depress was an actual
boon. True cheerfulness is always optimistic,
and is neither fluctuating nor aggressive; unos-
tentacious it warms into radiant glow when
faced by conditions which are considered de-
pressing, sad and discouraging—emerging al-

. ways triumphant over them.
