---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2100'
image: umpire_1916_191.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

From New Egypt, N. J., to New York City in seven years is the record made by a postcard which reached Miss Selma Krauss. It was mailed August 25, 1909, and was signed by “Minnie.’’ Selma has forgotten who ‘‘Minnie’’ was.

Mrs. Mary O’Leary, of East St. Louis, Mo., who went to the polls Tuesday and voted for President Wilson, twenty-four hours later became the mother of a twelve-pound boy, which has been named Woodrow.

A reward is offered for the return to the Hotel Majestic, New York, of the hotel register on which is inscribed the autograph of Sarah Bernhardt. The management had planned to frame the page, but an unknown vandal souvenir hunter was forehanded enough to take it away.

A buck deer weighing 170 pounds calmly walked across the road in front of Game Warden Fred Conner recently as he was stalking the Cumberland, N. J., woods fop game-law violators. There’s venison steak hanging in the Conner pantry today.

Beatrice Bannister, of Glouchester City, N. J., will “dry the dishes’’ in the Bannister home until January 1, just because she, in the faith that Hughes would be elected, made a bet with her brother. Alfred, the brother, staked Wilson as his bulwark against the after-dinner grind, and won.

Members of the family of Raffaele Volgarino, of Mount Holly, N. J., are breathing easier than they have since election day. Not because Volgarino had made any election bets, but because the Vclgarino twins, born Sunday, awaited the names of the successful candidate and his wife. Now it’s settled.

Upon reading that President Wilson had been re-elected, Martin Schilling, foreman of a silk mill in Altoona, became violently insane. Schilling is an inventor of knitting machinery and has applied himself so closely as to become melancholy. He says continually in his mutterings, “Ruin faces America, the Dem- ocrats have won.”

Elizabeth A. Sweet died in the Rhode Island Hospital, at Providence, after she had been found almost starved in her home. The custodian of her estate was told that Mrs. Sweet had lived for four years on $60, dividends from stock shares. The bottom of a haircloth chair was cut and two bankbooks, representing deposits aggregating $11,000, ten shares of stock worth at least $1000 and bills and gold amounting to $70 fell to the floor.