---
author: B-7542
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2104'
image: umpire_1916_192.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Every one was waiting when the delegate opened the doors, and without an Overseer in sight, each squad marched orderly but happy to the amusement hall, where Professor Wiegandt and his finely trained inmate or- chestra greeted them with the overture, "Poet and Peasant.” When it was finished, a burst of applause, spontaneous and hearty, rung out, which proves that we know good music, and appreciate the same.

That old mystery, “Somebody says,’’ had made the rumor that Mr. Kraupa had something up his sleeve Saturday, and when Ford Sterling’s face was flashed on the screen we sat up and took notice. A Keystone film, “The Snow Cure,” was what Sterling put over, and it was one big laugh from “A to izzard.” That was sure a ‘‘bear’’ of a bear, and the way those cripples did a hop, skip, and jump, proved that as a “cure,’’ “Mr. Bear’’ plays the leader.

The inmate quartette then did their turn and was just as good as ever. has a sweet voice, and is well backed with B 8252, 7825 and 7656. Keep it, boys; you heard how the fellows applauded.

We don’t see anything much better than Ada Merrick and Jack Irwin. Their kind of stuff always appeals to us. Miss Merrick does her singing and dancing in a manner that leaves nothing to be desired, clean-cut and graceful, while Jack Irwin was right at home in that recitation. As young Kid Sharkey he can demonstrate those upper-cuts and solar plexus jolts, knowing that he ecan land the punch himself if need be.

The audience remained very quiet and attentive to his work, and at the last word there was a silence for an instant, then the applause burst forth.

Mr. Irwin must know that we enjoyed every minute of his stay, and our thanks are for Miss Merrick and Jack Irwin.

In costume then came Mr. Arthur Krona, You vaudeville fans remember ‘‘Valvino.” Mr. Krona has retired from the stage and nothing but Miss Mae Russell’s influence could have caused him to appear, but Miss Russell’s arguments and his sympathy for us prevailed, and we vote him a premier entertainer. After his song he casually remarked, “I’ll now give you an imitation of a juggler.” If he’s an imitation we don’t want to see the imitated. We are content with “Valvino.”

Master William Porter then sang in a fine voice, ‘‘Sunbeams.’’ Accompanied on the piano by Master Karl Wiegandt his voice rose sweet and clear. The applause was so great, that his voice, clear as a bell, pleased his hearers again.

Then came the mystery Mr. Kraupa had up his sleeve. “The Submarine Pirate’’ was the title of this Keystone film. It is interesting to know that this film is 4000 feet long, in four reels, and each time it is shown it costs $250 a day to rent it; also it will be the last time it is to be shown on the screen, as it is withdrawn. Mr. Kraupa had it special. Sent from Chicago for us. What do you say to that? We must say, “Thank you, Mr. Kraupa; yes, and your son, also, for your interest in ‘the boys on the hill’.”

Doubtless, the holidays so near, it is hard for Miss Russell to find talent to come here. She is the only lady booking company in the East, and as she keeps her performers busy and manages the Palace Theater at Norristown, Pa., she makes great sacrifices for her fellow-members of the H. F. C. Our thanks are yours, Miss Russell.

The Warden was with us, and at just the right moment out came the words, ‘‘Get up and stretch, boys.” We didn’t know we wanted to stretch till he spoke, and then we knew just how thoughtful it was in him and how good it felt to just stretch.

Mrs. Reubin C. McKenty, with Miss Elsie and Brother Bill and Robert, Jr., were present, and Sam was again on the job with the drum sticks. He came early and remained late. Stick, Sam; we like you and want you with us.

Mr. Dipple introduced goodfeeling with his presence, and said that the boys he had on parole were making good, and a man came to him saying he would use a few more men when he (Mr. Dipple) had them. I’ll go; wo’n’t you?

Our Vice-President (A 8432) tried to make his remarks brief, not to take up the time; but, boys, we must follow his words if we wantour privileges. Jack Irwin said he was D. O. G. H., but Pete don’t care. It don’t bite.

Maybe Charlie (B 6252) didn’t pound out that quick stuff, he’s there; I think, yes?

‘‘Battle Axe’’ B 7648 has finished, and we have the nicest little theater in this old town of Penn.

1st Section Saturday, November 25, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G, 9 B, 4 B, 4 G, 5 B.

We need a few more contributions for the Xmas Kiddie Fund. Loosen up, boys; you’ll feel better for it.

—B 7542.

5601-7664.