---
author: Brumbaugh, Martin G. (Governor)
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2113'
image: umpire_1916_193.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- thanksgiving
- ' holiday'
title: Governor's Thanksgiving Proclamation
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

Governor's Thanksgiving Proclamation

Not alone because it is a time-honored costum, but particularly for the reason that a State, like an individual, should never forget the supreme source of authority and the steady guidance of Almighty God, it is fitting that we should set aside one entire day for thoughtful survey of our progress and our destiny.

Pennsylvania has abundant causes for gratitude to God. Save for a visitation of suffering and of death to our children, which has now happily passed, the people of this great State have been blessed with good health and with abundant crops. We have not wrought upon our soil in vain. We have blended our resources and our toil into many forms of utility and of enrichment of our people. Flood, fire and storm have been kept from our borders. Accidents in our industries, still too frequent, have been reduced, and suffering for the first time humanely compensated. Our people have passed into a day of rich humanitarian treatment. Our Government has been steadily devoted to the holy task of serving our people with gifts of health, happiness and prosperity.

In the bounty vouchsafed us let us not forget our needy citizens, not even the stranger within our gates. Let them and those beyond our borders, whose hearts turn our way, receive from us a goodly share of the good given us by our Heavenly Father. A people that is not generous can not worthily live in Pennsylvania. We must give gladly and generously if we are to prosper permanently and patriotically. Let no unremembered child of Pennsylvania sit in sorrow on our Thanksgiving anniversary. Let us follow the guidance of our hearts as well as our heads on this day of gratitude and of generosity.

Above all else, take thought for Pennsylvania, our beloved Common- wealth, and resolve to hold its welfare high in our purposes and to do our part in making it, under God and His name, the cleanest, safest, sweetest place in which to labor, to live, to serve. Reverently and gladly let us on this day gather in our several places of Worship and publicly express our gratitude that a protecting providence has kept us in peace, blessed us with material and spiritual gifts, granted us unumbered favors and blessings and given us abundant reasons for thankfulness and for offering sincere supplications that we may continue to be a heaven-helped people.

That this may be done with a propriety worthy of our best traditions and our great destiny, I, Martin Grove Brumbaugh, Governor of this Commonwealth, do set apart and designate Thursday, November 30, 1916, as Thanksgiving Day.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State, at the city of Harrisburg this eighteenth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and of the Commonwealth the one hundred and forty-first. 

MARTIN G. BRUMBAUGH. 
By the Governor: CYRUS E. WOODS, Secretary of the Commonwealth.