---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2116'
image: umpire_1916_194.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- The New Way
- ' penal press'
- ' advice'
- ' prison'
title: Faith - A Prison Talk
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

FAITH—A PRISON TALK

I believe that a man’s wrongs and grievances, if they are really that, will always get righted and compensated in the long run.

“In the long run’’ means, when it’s time for them to be, when his character’s had all the good, all the discipline, out of them that they can then give him. For that’s the real meaning of them.

That does not mean that he shall do nothing to alter them or remove them. If a man wants to go somewhere and comes across a shut door, common sense will tell him to turn the handle. If the door then opens, all right. But if he finds it locked, the opening is a question of violence.

In the same way a man can turn the handle, so to speak, of his wrongs and grievances. If they give easily to him—well, it’s all right. Their time is up. But if he finds they stick there in front of him, can only be shoved aside with great effort and then keep coming back as before or in slightly altered shape, or can only be got rid of by doing wrong— then their time is not up and it’s much the wiser to wait. For at present they belong to the man, or he belongs to them. The thing to do then is to look into yourself and find out what sort of strenghening or corrective work these unpleasantnesses or pains are trying to do for your character. They are at something; take that for granted. You’ll find it sometime, sure: and when you have, take a hand in the game and cooperate. Get after the weak place on your own account.

This is what I call faith. And it’s founded on experience, the experience of looking into the wrongs and grievances I have had to putup with and finding at last what they were at; and the experience of feeling something inside me or above me, sort of say, when things were at their worst: "It’s all right, my son; I'll look after the thing.” If I trusted that, the trouble went by as quickly as it could consistently with its duty to me. If I kicked, tried to be forcing the lock, the trouble only stuck the closer and stayed the longer, though perhaps changing form a little.

And moreover, I lost something. For I’ve long found out that if a trouble is taken the way I say, if a man only tries to take it that way, there’s compensations, easements, let-ups for him of some sort scattered along the way. Sometimes they’re so marked and speaking like that they hit a man right in the bull’s-eye of his gratitude place (if he’s got one) and almost bring the tears to his eyes.

I tell you, boys, we’re looked after. Let’s have faith and stand up like men to what comes. We’ve got chances in here to be the real thing, chances that men at ease outside miss altogether. And that, if we took large views of time and life and ourselves, would itself be one of the compensations for the being here. We’ve got time to think and build. 

—The New Way.