---
author: Our View Point
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2117'
image: umpire_1916_194.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Our View Point
- ' penal press'
- ' prison'
- ' opinion'
title: A Pernicious Practice
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

A PERNICIOUS PRACTISE

Our legislative bodies are constantly enact- ing laws for the punishment of those who conspire against the welfare of society. If they would transfer part of their activity toward correction of the flagitious practise of identification bureaus in scattering broadcast over the land photographs of men about to be released from prison, recidivism would be materially reduced, and many of the first-named laws would prove unnecessary.

A released prisoner obtains employment; leads an honest life; a crime is committed in the community in which he resides; he is arrested and placed in jail; upon the proving of his innocence he is released. His former employer refuses to reinstate him in the position he held previous to arrest. With the determination to make good, he secures another position; but society through her representatives of law, informs his employer of his prison career, causing him to be again discharged. In his vain attempt to lead an honest life the stigma of his past acts is made known through the machinations of the police, with the result that he is compelled by the force of necessity to again follow the old customs, to frequent the old haunts, to consort with old friends and to fall under the old temptations. Yet the fact of identification and arrest by means of this photograph system, which menaces the chances of the man who wants to go straight, is known to exist, and it should be the duty of society to remedy these conditions by passing a law forbidding this pernicious practise to continue. 

—Our View Point.