---
author: Wilson, Woodrow (President)
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2121'
image: umpire_1916_194.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Thanksgiving
- ' holiday'
title: 'Thanksgiving: The President''s Proclamation'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THANKSGIVING
The President's Proclamation

It has long been the custom of our people to turn, in the fruitful Autumn of the year, in praise and thanksgiving to Almighty God for His many blessings and mercies to us and the nation.

The year that has elapsed since we last observed our day of thanksgiving has been rich in blessings to us as a people, but the whole face of the world has been darkened by war. In the midst of our peace and happiness our thoughts dwell with painful disquiet upon the struggles and sufferings of the nations at war and of the peoples upon whom war has brought disaster, without choice or possibility of escape on their part. We can not think of our own happiness without thinking of their pitiful distress.

Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, President of the United States of America, do appoint Thursday, the thirtieth of November, as a day of national thanksgiving and prayer, and urge and advise the people to resort to their several places of worship on that day to render thanks to Almighty God for the blessings of peace and unbroken prosperity which he has bestowed upon our beloved country in such unstinted measure.

And I also urge and suggest our duty, in this our day of peace and abundance, to think on deep sympathy of the stricken peoples of the world, upon whom the curse and terror of war has so pitilessly fallen, and to contribute out of our abundant means to the relief of their sufferings.

Our people could in no better way show their real attitude toward the present struggle of the nations than by contributing out of their abundance to the relief of the suffering which war has brought in its train.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this 17th day of November, in the year of our Lord 1916, and in the year of independence of the United States the 141st.

WOODROW WILSON. 
BY THE PRESIDENT, 
ROBERT LANSING, Sec’y of State.