---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2123'
image: umpire_1916_195.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

The true Democracy League, in filing its report in Columbus, O., admitted most of its funds were supplied by Republicans. It spent $3508 and returned $82 in stamps to Republican headquarters.

Two patrol wagons of Pittsburgh’s finest dashed up to Samuel Rabonowitz’s home at his midnight summons. ‘‘Py the cbhimney a burglar iss,’” he excitedly informed his res- cuers. little owl.

A full-grown buck deer, followed by dogs, leaped a wall at Piermont, N. Y., upset a baby buggy and spilled its two-year-old occupant into the mud, carried off a clothesline on its antlers, plunged into the Hudson, and swam to the Dobbs Ferry shore and escaped.

“Blind Mary" Curran has been deported by Toledo police as "undesirable.” She has been grinding a small hand orgen on street corners. She is said to be worth $100,000 and had $265 in a salt bag hidden among her rags when arrested.

There’s a Baltimore detective whose cellar is piled high with coal that’s cost him nothing. The Pennsylvania Railroad passes his back yard. Firemen and brakemen, seeing a monkey sitting on the fence, try their aim on the animal with lumps of coal. It’s a wooden monkey, so—

After being sealed and supposedly barricaded from the outside air for nearly four years for the purpose of extinguishing a fire, surface indications in a coal mine at Corbin, B. C., yesterday showed that the fire had not exhausted itself, but was spreading underground to an alarmingextent. Mine inspectors with oxygen equipment will make an underground examination of the mine.

Love laughs at locksmiths and quarantines. Prof. Frederick Barry, of Columbia University, wanted a marriage license, but he had diphtheria. A license clerk went to the Barry apartment and obtained answers to the necessary questions through a keyhole. Then he stood twenty feet down the corridor and witnessed the signature of Barry and Miss Ada B. Norris without violating the quarantine regulations.

Imprudent hoboes with an eye for beauty unregulated by a sense of gratitude will hereafter heed the warning to avoid the home of the Rev. P. J. O’Neil at Clairton, Pa. Norah Bloodgood is the buxom domestic who presides over the kitchen. Yesterday one John Smith appealed for food. Norah gave unstintingly. When he made a remark that Norah resented she promptly knocked him down with a rolling-pin. His skull was fractured, probably fatally.