---
author: B-7542
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2128'
image: umpire_1916_196.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Nearly eight hundred men, all members of the 1st Section H. F. C., crowded in the amusement hall on Saturday. Some bunch, that; but in all the great city of Philadelphia there was not a more orderly gathering or more decently behaved body of men to see a performance. And ye, who were there must admit it was ‘‘some’’ performance, and those who were not there—well, don’t forget next Saturday. Maybe you’ll have it on the 1st Section. Who can tell? Mr. Kraupa remains firm in his friendship and interest, while Miss Mae Russell, bless her, continues to sacrifice herself. Yes, and the Warden says "the boys are doing all right, and as long as they keep it up, depend upon it, I am with them.” That sounds good, don’t it?

We had a curtain-raiser in a film of slide pictures to illustrate a song, “Welcome Honey to Your Old Plantation Ifome,’’ sung by Al (B 7478) in a strong baritone, that called for applause. Professor Wiegandt, with the in- mate orchestra, rendered an overture that was well received and applauded. Our Pres- ident, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, was otherwise engaged, so the Vice-President (A 8432) made a few introductory remarks, and then the show was on. The film this week was “The Apostle of Vengeance,” featuring William S. Hart and Marvel Safford.

There are many ways of demonstrating the right overcoming the wrong. Some men advocate getting a man in a corner and just punching him until he says “You’re right.” That this is not Mr. Kraupa’s method is shown by the selection of "The Apostle of Vengeance.” There was a subtle sermon that just took hold of a man and every one who saw the film was benefited in a manner not realized now, but will some day ‘‘pop up.” Each man was carried with the story, and at the human interest points (which were frequent) a spontaneous applause burst forth, that the author of the scenario and the players would have been pleased to hear.

Miss Mae Russell had another surprise for us, “The Madame Nordica of Vaudeville." When a big, fine-looking blonde appeared we all sat up and took notice. "Some swell, ain’t she?” was heard from several. The costume was good, the make-up better; but superlative "best” must be applied to the singing. Two songs in a beautiful voice had been sung and Miss Russell had insisted on the third song being “My Hero,” when a whisper went around "It’s a man.” Our club treasurer, George, heard it from Harry, the representative delegate. Quick as a flash he said, ‘‘Bet you half a pound she’s a woman.” As though answering the bet ‘‘Nordica’’ finished “My Hero,” bowed, and tore off his blonde tresses, disclosing the pleased countenance of Mr. Adjon Haines, “The Nordica of Vaudeville,” who had accepted Miss Russell’s invitation, and although working at Keith’s Theater and drawing a salary of $200 a week, gave us the pleasure of his talent. Thanks, Mr. Haines.

Bizzer and Wilson, a team of artists with a classy singing and dancing turn, were fine. Their clean-cut stuff—graceful and clever— pleased every one. Every ounce of energy was put in the effort, and we appreciate and thank them.

“From Woolworth’s to Grand Opera; or, the Success of Miss Florence Armstrong Through the Efforts of Miss Mae Russell,” should be the title of the next act. We know Miss Armstrong began in the five-and-ten-cent store, but we predict that some day she will be a star of the first magnitude. Her act Saturday was pleasing and graceful. We want no better. Thanks, Miss Armstrong.

Here comes ‘‘Fatty’’ Arbuckle and the “Waiters’ Ball,” a Keystone production. I heard B 8099, the official Club stenographer and typist, say, “Why, that’s Nick, down in the Bertillon room.” You’re wrong, Walter. Nick resembles Arbuckle, but you’ll find Nick at the “mug’ room. "Fatty” was just as funny as ever; he can bring a laugh out of a man with a grouch, and when he played "hoss and hoss" with the brooms the boys just haw-hawed, and again when he and the waiter were pinched with nothing covering them but atmosphere and a barrel. Tell us, Mr. Kraupa, how do you know our tastes so well. Do you devote your nights as well as your days to "the boys on the hill"? Verily you must. Our thanks, Mr. Kraupa and Hubert; we are your friends.

Our President, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, has returned, and he was with us. Mrs. Reuben C. McKenty also honored us with her presence.

Mr. and Mrs. Dipple, with two friends, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Snyder, formerly of Strasburg, Pa., but now stationed with the Brotherhood Mission in Philadelphia, were interested spectators and enjoyed every minute of their time.

The President takes this means of notifying the members that extra or complimentary tickets will not be given in future. Owing to the crowded condition the management must take this step.

Saturday, December 2, the 2nd Section, 10 B, 11 B, 12 B, 12-2-12-1, 1B, 6 B, 6 G, 8 B will be out. — B 7542

B 5602, 7664, Rep. Dels.