---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2131'
image: umpire_1916_197.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- choir
- ' music'
- ' concert'
- ' religious services'
title: Grand Concert Of Sacred Music By St. Rita's Church Choir
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

GRAND CONCERT OF SACRED MUSIC BY ST. RITA’S CHURCH CHOIR

By far the largest and most enthusiastic audience ever assembled on the Center at this institution, were present here on Sunday afternoon last, to hear St. Rita’s Church Choir and soloists give a Grand Concert of Sacred and Classical musie, under the skilful guidance of Director Joseph J. Welsh. In order to secure greater volume of chorus, the E. S. P. choir and orchestra were added and proved effective.

The program was excellent in its selections and consisted of twelve numbers, Loesch’s “Gloria" leading, and made a splendid impression as sang with full chorus and orchestra accompaniment.

The second number followed with Mr. John Simpson, tenor soloist, singing in good voice, with a wealth of expression. Sweet voiced Margaret Marie Marshall rendered the soprano solo of "Inflammatus,” by Rossini, with consumate skill, and was cleverly sustained by the chorus. Hearty applause followed its completion.

Perhaps the crowning triumph of the event was the very clever rendition of Millard’s “Vespers,” by St. Rita’s choir, with piano accompaniment, Mr. James King, bass, and Mrs. Catherine Slack, soprano, showing their exceptional talent to splendid advantage, the chorus adding to the repleteness of this masterpiece.

A violin solo, "Humoresque,” was skilfully rendered by inmate B 4812; this was followed in turn by inmate B 7962, singing "Ava Varum" in a powerful and pleasing baritone voice. Both received well merited and hearty applause.

The pleasurable effect of this splendid program of high-class song was greatly enhanced by the hearty spirit of co-operation of the visiting talent and the enthusiastic approbation of the assembled guests. Clearly no similar event has been the cause of so much real enjoyment for all in attendance.

Much credit is due alike to St. Rita’s Church Choir, the soloists and to the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, under whose auspices the entertainment was given. Their good work in behalf of the E. S. P. inmates will be long and favorably remembered by the officials and men.

Chaplain Jeseph Welch beamed with appreciative enthusiasm, and at the close of the entertainment he asked all present to remember in prayer their less fortunate brethren at the E. S. P.