---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2133'
image: umpire_1916_197.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- sports
- ' prison'
- ' football'
title: Football Glory
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

FOOTBALL GLORY 
Invincibles, 18—Riley Club, 6

A great deal of interest was centered on the football game that took place on the Garage Grounds on Thanksgiving morning between the Invincibles and the Riley Club for the championship of "Kentyville.” The Invincible’s crew were the victors by a score of 18-6 after a hard fought contest.

The Riley Club was out for revenge to make good the defeat handed them several weeks agoby the Invincibles. They came fully prepared to do the job, having the strongest representative eleven they could get together, including their famous line plunging Sheehan, but they failed to accomplish their mission and seemed very much depressed by their defeat.

The Rileys were virtually outclassed from start to finish, as they could not penetrate their opponents’ line for any gains at all, while the Invincibles crashed through the Riley’s line for big gains repeatedly. Owing to the playing space rot being regulation size, very little ground could be gained via the ends and the aerial route.

Toady and B 8344 were the individual stars for the Riley Club, while the whole backfield for the Invincibles did spectacular work.

The game was witnessed by a large crowd, including the Warden. As the games up to date have been free from disorder, and clean ball has been played, let us look for some more of these games hefore the snow flakes fly.