---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2140'
image: umpire_1916_198.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' Europe'
title: Pagan Europe
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PAGAN EUROPE

Undoubtedly the San Francisco Bulletin is right in its comment upon present conditions in Europe. Certainly the spirit that actuates the present great slaughter is not Christian. The word pagan comes nearer to fit the case than any other word we know. As the writer says, civilization as it was in Europe is "dead or is sleeping; its place has been taken by a system of society based on organized killing, and people have become used to the new world thus created. Wonderful human qualities have shone out here and there, in the maelstrom of Verdun, in hospitals, in the daily endurance of millions of men and women who surrendered all for a mystical selfish loyalty, but the gentler emotions which one instinctively associates with Christmas time are rigorously restrained. For the present the European world is as pagan in spirit as that into which the founder of Christianity came to preach His message. This is what the year has taught us in America. There will be no more Ford expeditions. All the good-will in America can not get ‘the boys’ out of the trenches by Christmas, except as they are carried out maimed or dead. Poor ‘boys’! We look at them out of our peaceful land as men moving strangely far away in a red mist, driven by motives which we may reason out, but in the idealism of our hearts (for the real American is still idealistic) can not understand.’’