---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2142'
image: umpire_1916_198.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Mexico
- ' geography'
- ' archaeology'
title: The World's Largest City
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE WORLD’S LARGEST CITY

Namiquipa, in the state of Chihuahua, Mexico, has the distinction of being the largest city in the world. Its site covers an area of 444 square miles, or approximately 284,000 acres, its exact boundaries having been fixed some 300 years ago by a charter from the then king of Spain, who gave the land to some colonists from Castile.

The greater part of the city site, however, is unbuilt upon, and, as regards the built over portion, many of the houses, originally constructed of sun-dried brick, are in ruins.

Next to Namiquipa the biggest city of either ancient or modern times was undoubt- edly Babylon. Recent excavations have uncovered the old walls, and they are found to have measured fifteen miles each way, inclosing the city in the form of a square. An easy arithmetical calculation shows us that the area of Babylon inside the walls, therefore, was 225 square miles, or 144,000 acres.

Compared with such figures as these Birmingham with 8420 acres, Norwich with 7,472 acres and Glasgow with 6,111 acres are almost in the nature of small villages. Yet these are the three biggest British cities— that is to say, they contain within their civic boundaries the biggest area of ground. 

The city of London proper contains no more than about 640 acres, approximately one square mile.