---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2147'
image: umpire_1916_199.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A combidation of thrift and carelessness brought trouble to Miss Ynezita White, an employe of the Farm Loan Board, Washington. She started for the savings bank to deposit a dime on her account and on the way lost a $50 check.

Sapulpa, Okla., has two men of the name of Woodrow Wilson. Mr. Wilson, Sr., was a Union soldier, and is a strong Republican. His son, Woodrow Wilson, Jr., is a business man. Both voted for Hughes.

Angelo Lofresse, a laborer on the estate of J. Pierpont Morgan, charged with exceeding the speed limit for automobiles in Jamaica, L. 1., told the Court it was his own car. He said most of his fellow-laborers owned auto- mobiles. He preferred two days in jail to paying a fine of $25.

While she was visiting her brother-in-law in New York, Yone Suzuki was taken into the marriage license office in company with Jokaohi Mayeda. She thought she was seeing one of the sights of the city. She went back to her home in Edgemere to find she had been married. Now she asks an annulment. Justice Delehanty told her to bring further evidence.

Captain George Birnie, of the Portland schooner Lucia Porter, arrived Saturday at Boston from Gibraltar with six members of the crew on the Cretic and reported his vessel had been abandoned 600 miles west of the Azores. Disaster, he said, had ended his last three voyages. He began them all on Friday because he thought that superstition a dream. Now he has decided he will never sail again if he has to sail on that day.

After an absence of three days in the hospital, Michael Addison, of New York, reached home in time to halt his own funeral. He reached the house as the undertakers brought in a pine box from the same hospital he had been in. Just then the mourners began to arrive. Addison’s daughter fainted. The pine box contained another Michael Addison, and the mourning was transferred to another part of the city.

A sleepy tailor’s snoring saved $15,000. Burglars were at work on the safe of Szabo & Beer, New York. They had already drilled part way through a layer of concrete when Adolph Welander, who had fallen asleep over his tailor’s goose in the next suite, began to dream. He gently sawed his way through a log, turned on his side, imagined himself a motortruck, and honked for the right of way. The burglars, within an inch of $15,000 in the safe, unnerved, promptly broke for safety.