---
author: B-7542
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2154'
image: umpire_1916_200.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The entertainment committee rearranged the divisions of the members attending the performance on Saturday, December 2nd, and while it relieved the pressure somewhat, there were upward of seven hundred men assembled to enjoy the big show.

We exercise our right and emphasize each word, that if Dr. Bird has trouble in making his pet canary do a trapeze act, he shall not make us the ‘‘goat” by speeding the picture machine. We don’t know much about In- dians, but any “boob’’ knows that neither Indian nor cavalrymen could go like ‘‘the doctor’’ passed them across the screen. You may hand us the ‘‘bird stuff,” Doc, but let the machine get into low speed. It’s all right this time. But there’s nothing but praise for Mr. Kraupa. He produced the best he had, and the selection met with our approval. Mr. Mulligan worked hard in the little black box to produce results, and we enjoyed ourselves. The picture was “The Bugle Call,” a Triangle film featuring Willie Collier, Jr. There was no question as to our interest and appreciation of each situation as it was flashed on the screen.

The President, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, was present to welcome the members, but the Vice-President (A 8432) is so successful in telling what should be said in such apt and well chosen phrases that to ‘‘Pete’’ is added another of his many burdens.

After Professor Wiegandt, with his inmate orchestra, had rendered an overture, the show opened with a sketch by six inmates.The performers were B 7867, 7525, 8252, 7655, 7825, 7546. Then B 7478 repeated for the benefit of the 2nd Section the song, “Welcome, Hon- ey, to Your Old Plantation Home.” He was accompanied by our old friend B 6252 on the piano, in a creditable manner, while the slide pictures made a pleasing effect.

Miss Mae Russell gave us some fine talent this week. Lawrence and Lawrence, in their eccentric dancing and singing turn, brought down the house. Three encores they re- ceived, and even then the applause was so great that they again came on the stage and bowed their good-will. Thanks, Lawrence and Lawrence.

Some among us have had the pleasure of hearing ‘‘Ole Bull.” Those who have will recall the pleasure and. compare the famous violinist with the performance on Saturday of Miss Wood. Right within these walls we have violinists of no mean ability, but the treat we had from Miss Wood filled our very souls with harmony. Her Spanish gypsy costume was attuned to her repertoire. The applause was so spontaneous, and showed such deserved appreciation, that we were treated to a medley of inspiring airs. Prom- inent among them was "Dixie,” and the Italian favorite, “Oh, Marie.” We hated to part with her. We are not selfish, Miss Wood; just appreciate and know good music when we hear it. Thanks; and to the lady who accompanied you our cordial greetings.

We just had a glimpse of Miss Mae Russell as she passed us, but know she felt our good- will.

Fine, fat, funny ‘‘Fatty Arbuckle’’ was again with us, he and ‘‘Mabel Adrift’’ in a three-reel Keystone film. Wherever Fatty is, there is a laugh. He came the nearest to be- ing serious today that he possibly could. Who wouldn’t love that dog? Mr. Kraupa, as usual, sent us home with a laugh to help pass the time. The Warden looked in for awhile and found the boys interested and well behaved, and he was satisfied. He was sorry he was compelled to attend an important engagement. His every interest is with us.

The sweet, cheerful young faces in the visitors’ seats gave a pleasing touch to the pleasure. The Warden’s family was rep- resented by Miss Elsie and Brother Bill. Mrs. William Boal, wife of the councilman from the Holmesburg Ward, was with us and will go out in the world and say the audience in the ‘‘Little Theater on Cherry Hill’’ is as well behaved as any she has ever been among. We miss Sam. Wassa matta, Sam?

We’re looking up addresses of the kids to send them a present Christmas. Any one we miss let him be sure to send hisnumber to the Secretary (B 7542, 11th Block) or he will call and get the address. Be sure to do this.

December 9th, 1st Section, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G, 4 B, 4 G, 5 B, 3 B. Call your delegate and give him a piece of change for the Xmas Kiddie Fund. It’s a good investment.

— B 7542