---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2158'
image: umpire_1916_201.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- social security
title: The President Seeks To Better Social Relations
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE PRESIDENT SEEKS TO BETTER SOCIAL RELATIONS

Would Bring a Closer Understanding of Rank and File—Old-age Pensions Advocated by Sec’y Wilson

From Washington we are informed of the advocacy of a better ‘‘social understanding’’ by President Wilson and a warning by the president of the American Federation of Labor, against government reguletion of the normal activities and perscnal relationships of the people marked the session of the conference on social insurance under the auspices of the International Association of Industrial Accident Boards and Commissions.

President Wilson welcomed the delegates to Washington. He said:

“We are living in an extremely interesting time. We have drifted away from purely political questions. We have, fortunately enough, ceased to make constitutional questions the center of discussion, and are turning our attention more and more to those things which affect the daily life and fortunes of the rank and file of great nations. We are studying the pecple, whem long ago we ought to have served better than we have, and as we get in closer and closer touch with the daily lives of men and women we know how to counsel better, we know how to govern better, we know how to conduct our own individual lives better, with a deeper insight and a truer sympathy.

“A conference such as this, to discuss social insurance, gives evidence of the dominant interest of our own time, and one of the best elements of social insurance is social understanding—an interchange of views and a comprehension of interests which fcr a long time was only too rare. It used to be confined to those who were suppcsed to be restricted to what the general public regarded as the useless precincts of the university."

Now it has spread to the ranks of practical men and has come to be regarded as a practical study.” Secretary Wilson, of the Department of Labor, declared the next step would be old-age pensions. George Pope, pyesident of the National Association of Manufacturers, told of the efforts of manufacturing companies and organizations to promote the welfare of their employes and opposed too much Government "interference.” Secretary Redfield, of the Commerce Department, presided.