---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2163'
image: umpire_1916_201.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- information literature
- ' prison reform'
- ' Sing Sing'
- ' Philadelphia'
title: Late News Paragraphs
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

LATE NEWS PARAGRAPHS

Taken in charge by a detective in Broad Street Station Friday morning, Lord E. Gross, eleven years old, of Fifteenth and Master Streets, said he had run away from Wenonah Military Academy at Wenonzh, N. J., because he was "tired of women teachers and old enough to work.” He was sent home.

The Mother Church (Catholic) favors diffused ownership of property and supports the contention that the workers should be property owners, according to the Rev. John A. Ryan, of Washington, who delivered a lecture on “The Catholic Church and Social Reform" at Houston Hall on Saturday last. He also asserted that the church was opposed to child labor.

A Washington report states that according to Adjutant-General McCain’s report, made public recently, the total authorized strength for all branches of the service on a peace footing during the present year is 138,896 men and 7252 officers, while the actual strength on June 30 was 107,641 officers and men. This shows a shortage of 38,000 men.

Lost sight of by eight persons after his warning had resulted in saving their lives when a grocery and dwelling at 2313 Aspen street caughtfire Friday morning, “Toodles,” a pet bulldog, perished from suffocation. The dog was owned by Waillian MecBrerty. the grocer. The children jumped into the arms of a policeman. The loss was about $2000, including several hundred dollars in currency that was burned.

The appointment of William H. Moyer, former warden at Atlanta, Ga., as warden of Sing Sing prison was announced last week by State Superintendent of prisons, James M. Carter. Moyer was deposed from the Federal penitentiary under charges of extreme severity to prisoners, etc.
It would appear as though the dial of prison reform had been set back a quarter century in New York state.

Charles H. Westbrook, a lawyer of this city, was suspended recently for nine months by Common Pleas Court No. 1, for unprofessional conduct in failing to prosecute a divorce suit brought by Thomas Nelson, in which he had paid a fee of $125. Westbrook was also accused of failing to account for a small claim he collected for another lawyer. Westbrook said he had no intention of keeping the divorce fee unless he prosecuted.