---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2166'
image: umpire_1916_202.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- employment
- ' prison'
- ' prison reform'
title: Work For Released Prisoners
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

WORK FOR RELEASED PRISONERS

The "Committee on Employment,” working in conjunction with the "National Committee on Prisons," states in its recent report that ‘‘over ten thousand well-known firms throughout the United States are ready to give the men who have served their penal terms, another opportunity of making good, providing they are capable and fit to do the work required. Unfortunately we do not find that men having served a long prison sentence are in proper physical or mental condition to take up work on their release, which would indicate that there has not as yet been put in operation an efficient method of handling prisoners at most of the penal institutions.

“It is to be regretted that very few of our prisons aim at the real reform of the prisoners. The old idea of punishment and idleness still persists in too many of the institutions and, in consequence, many of the discharged prisoners lack the essential stamina to withstand temptation and to live on a higher plane.

“Much of the so-called reform which the gullible public are led to believe as being in actual practise at penitentiaries and reformatories, exists on paper only, while antiquated and inadequate methods continue in operation.

“Considering all this, the committee feels encouraged that nearly forty per cent. of the discharged men have made good in the jobs selected for them. The others have gradually left their allotted tasks, though the available records do not show whether they have drifted back into crime. The committee’s work is to be commended for its thoroughness in completing the work it had in hand.”