---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2167'
image: umpire_1916_202.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- punishment
- ' prison reform'
title: Law A Burden For The Poor
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

LAW A BURDEN FOR THE POOR

Some time ago the question of the high cost of litigation for the "poor man," was taken up by a sympathetic writer and some of the salient points in regard to the same were presented in a manner calculated to show the utter inability of the man working for moderate wages to meet the heavy financial burden of court proceedings. As the writer states, ‘‘until some means shall be devised to equalize the conditions under which rich and poor alike appeal to the courts they will be open to the just reproach that the scales fail to hold a true balance. One of the judges of the Philadelphia Municipal Court has some pertinent suggestions to offer in this connection, for he sees in the tribunal of which he is a member a possible agency for the reform of an evil which is manifest to all men. Yet it is impossible to avoid the feeling that a new court which is itself still on trial, and which has given the public an exhibition of extravagance in the organization and payment of its own staff, can hardly inspire general confidence in its own ability to rise to higher levels of service to the people.

Continuing, the writer goes on to say, that unfortunately the court has thus far failed to "accomplish one of the principal objects for which it was created, namely, to make the Magistrates’ Courts unnecessary and to facilitate their eventual abolition. The working man ought not to lose sight of the fact that aside from the glittering endeavors of this court to enter into various undertakings of social reform, it operates more as a competitor of the Common Pleas Courts than as a relief to those tribunals. Had a genuine effort been made to get nearer to the people, by establishing branches in different parts of the city, so that it could have been easily accessible to litigants, there would not have been the present need for recourse to the Magistrates’ Courts, and the work of the Municipal Court would have been to that extent more valuable than it has proved itself to be.

“Unquestionably the burden which it has laid on the shoulders of the taxpayers is wholly out of proportion to the actual service it has given in return. So far as the costs of litigation are concerned, it is perfectly true that these are matters for the Legislature to correct. Doubtless a recommendation for a revision of these costs, from the Judges of both the Common Pleas and Municipal Courts, would have weight with the lawmaking body, but suggestions in this direction would receive more serious attention were the Judges themselves more active in their efforts to secure greater simplification of judicial procedure. There wculd be less talk of a need for a court for the poor man if the present courts gave less slavish attention to technicalities and precedents and were more open to the influences of justice pure and undefiled.”