---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2168'
image: umpire_1916_202.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- books
- ' reading'
- ' library'
- ' education'
title: Information At Your Call
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INFORMATION AT YOUR CALL

Do you envy your more fortunate fellow-men, who have been to colleges and universi- ties, who have traveled widely, whose acquaintance with the wise and powerful gives them an insight into world affairs that you feel you lack?

You can overcome this handicap if you will but try! By diligent effort you can make yourself the equal in wisdom of practically any of those whose opportunities you have never had.

The key is within your reach. It is the use of books from a public or private library!

It is the business of the library, not only to keep upon its shelves the books you should read to make yourself familiar with your chosen field, but to aid you in finding those books.

Would you understand the devious diplo- matic blunders that led to the European war? You will find your questions answered in the library.

Do you wish to know more about the polit- ical issues that have a bearing on the presi- dential campaign? The best that political observers have written will be found on the library shelves!

Do you see a chance to better yourself by enlisting in some different industry?

The chances are that you can find in the library most of the information about this particular field, lack of which holds you back!

Many careers have been planned and found over a library table and the library is sup- ported by taxes, which means that you pay your share to keep it going.

There are over twelve-thousand books in the E. S. P. library. Why not get busy?