---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2171'
image: umpire_1916_203.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A cargo of dried codfish swelled the seams of the schooner Ponhook when it shipped water and sank it, according to the crew of the Norwegian steamship Kronstad, which arrived at Galveston recently. The Kronstad rescued the Ponhook’s crew on the night of October 30.

Only a short time ago the bank of MeCutchenville, O., was robbed of $2000. Recently the new watchdog was poisoned. Then the dog’s chief playmate, abeautiful Angora cat, died in the same way. The night watchman has increased his arsenal, anticipating a new call from yeggs.

Honor among thieves is supplemented by a professional code announced by Joseph An- derson, Elizabeth, N. J. Arrested for theft, he told the police he never robbed a poor man, never broke a pane of glass to enter a house, never jimmied a window, never carried a revolver; neither does he smoke. or drink.

After seventeen years in domestic service in Indianapolis, Lena Kebl decided to return to Germany and live a peaceful life on her savings of $402. Reaching Baltimore she asked a policeman to direct her to the office of the North German Lloyd Steamship Company. ‘‘No steamships running on account of the war,’’ he replied.” What war?’’ she asked.

Said to be wanted in Camden on the charge of the non-support of his wife and son, the Rev. Richard H. Gooden, pastor of a local colored church, gave $300 bail recently before Police Justice Barrows at Ocean City, N. J., for his appearence in the Camden Police Court. Gooden was admitted to bail so that and take care of his chickens.

One more prehistoric man has been exposed. Railroad workmen at Pine Bluff, W. Va., uncovered recently the bones of a human giant. The skull is as large as a two-gallon bucket, without forehead and with protruding jaw. A thigh-bone measured four and a half feet. The ribs are three times as big as an average The skeleton will be shipped to New York.

A tin can man-trap devised by Joseph Grim- mer at a Riverside, N. J., grocery store is said to have caught a victim in one Thomas Missing hams from the storage room, Grimmer attached a silk thread to a huge ham and ran the other end out into the store and tied it to a tin can. Recently the tin can rattled across the floor. The negro is held for the grand jury.