---
author: B-7542
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2176'
image: umpire_1916_204.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Promptly at 12:45 the procession formed in line and, with the Club delegates directing them, marched to the amusement hall. The H. F. C. orchestra did some good work, and the director, Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, excelled himself in the way in which he handled the baton. There’s no question that we have a good orchestra, and the praise is for Professor Wiegandt. We have our good pianist, and the praise is for B 6252. We had our good outing; the benefit is for us.

Seven hundred members were crowded in the hall when the doors were closed. Seven hundred eager, expectant faces looked to- ward our pretty little stage. The Vice-President (A 8432) made the address of welcome, and the show was on. The H. F. C. orchestra rendered an overture, then Al (B 7478) sang ‘‘They Made It Twice as Nice as Paradise, and They Called It Dixie Land.” The slides were shown with this song. Al did well, and when he came to the chorus he requested the audience to join in and sing with him. The words were flashed on the screen, and the audience, to a man, joined in the singing, and real melody shook the rafters and served to show just how the privileges accorded the men are appreciated. Our friend Mr. Kraupa was with us, and Jimmy Mulligan, "the boy in the box," worked and sweated to give his frienls amusement. The opening picture was a five-reel film featuring “Dug" Fairbanks in "Flirting with Fate.” Good stuff, every scene, and that the boys appreciated the pictures was shown by their applause. Mr. Dipple’s remark, "there’s a sermon conveyed in these pictures,” is apt and true, for many times throughout the week the echo of these “movies" comes to our minds with a force we can not oppose. Every man loves a good dog, and when those dogs fondle and fawn on "Dug" Fairbanks it opens up the feeling of fellowship.

But we pause to consider Miss Daisy Butland. We had Miss Butland with us before, and we welcomed her again; and again Miss Butland delivered the goods. On the encore she played “The Last Rose of Summer,” and its sweetness was felt rather than heard. Her third curtain call was the difficult triple tonzueing feat of which most professional cornetists look on with wonder. Thanks, Miss Daisy Butland.

Stevens and Brown were next on the program with something new in vaudeville, “Lemons and Real Estate.” It was good, very good, and the singing by Mr. Brown was fine, but what brought down the house was their Scotch act. As two Scotch Highlanders they simply brought down the house and for the fourth and fifth time they were compelled to come on and bow their appreciation.

“Aldyne," the hand balance artist, was next on in his difficult feats of gymnastics and hand balancing. "Aldyne" could not put on his full act owing to lack of space. What he did do was worthy of the applause he received. Using no other ‘‘props’’ than two chairs and a pair of crutches (‘‘Aldyrnc’’has but one leg) he performed feats of strength and balancing on the hands that demonstrates that the result of application to one particular line is the higher point of perfection. We thank you, "Aldyne."

Miss Russell interrupted the applause of "Aldyne" to say that as a compliment to the colored members she had persuaded ‘‘Blondie”’ Robinson to appear. Miss Russell has played in the same companies with Mr. Robinson in three different countries and took the occasion to say that Mr. Robinson has played before all the crowned heads of Europe and the dead-heads of Philadelphia. This was before Mr. Robinson had appeared before us, under- stand. Mr. ‘‘Blondie’’ Robinson is an entertainer. There is not one idle moment ‘in which to do anything but laugh while he is on. A storm of applause followed him. He en- cored, but so hearty was the applause that he had to take three curtain calls. He has promised to come again. We hope you will, Mr. Robinson.

“Fatty" Arbuckle was again with uson the screen, and he was, as he always is, a scream.

We were honored by the presence of Mr. Horstman, an Inspector of the E. S. P., and an honorary member of the H. F. C. Wehave no doubt as to Mr. Horstman’s opinion of the H. F. C. as a self-governing organization.

The Warden was with us and remained from start to finish. He occupied a seat in the visitors’ row.

“How are we doing, Warden?’’ ‘‘Fine, fine! Keep it up; you’re doing all right.”

Our President, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, was with is and said that the conduct was all that could be desired.

Mr. Dipple remarked that he had enjoyed a pleasant afternoon. The Warden’s family was represented by Miss Elsie, Brother Bill, and Robert, Jr.

Mr. D. H. Biddle, of The North American, was an interested spectator. It surprised him to learn just how the H. F. C. fulfilled its mission.

The contributions for the Xmas Kiddie Fund will remain open until December 20th, and it’s rolling up.

The Vice-President (A 8432) calls attention to the condition of some of the tickets. They are broken as from rough handling. Use a little care with them. An old or ragged ticket may be refused; so be careful.

Next week, December 16th, 2nd Section— 11 B, 12 B, 12-2-1 G, 1 B, 6 B, 6 G, 8 B, 9 B. Have tickets ready. Don’t bend nor break them

—B 7542.