---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2183'
image: umpire_1916_206.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Christmas
- ' charity'
- ' advice'
title: The Christmas Spirit
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE CHRISTMAS SPIRIT

To the many the ringing of Christmas bells will usher in another joyful season, during which reciprocal love should find abundant overflow; and while we may feel the gladsome spirit pulsate with all its attendant pulchritude and harmony of the occasion, still, there is an undertow of sadness and sorrow that can not be dispelled. While it may be true that a majority of our citizens are enjoying an era of unusual prosperity and abundance, it may also be well to take a broad outlook upon conditions as a whole. If we do this, a condition will be found to exist that is not in the least in keeping with the time and season.

From many quarters within our borders are to be heard the pitiful pleas for help from those in need, and if we also consider the frightful condition existent in war-torn Europe, it would be a hardened heart indeed that could withhold a feeling of sympathy and sorrow for destitute and suffering humanity.

Undoubtedly the spirit of St. Nicholas is doing much to allay the want of charity, of vengeful spite and malice, which has caused so much misery and want; still, there is ample opportunity for the truly sympathetic to demonstrate their belief in the gospel of good-will, fellowship and love among the distracted, the lonely and the unfortunate. The great trouble is, that altogether too many contract their efforts to very narrow limitation and pass by numberless opportunities to proffer relief with uplifted gaze.

The spirit of love should freely mingle in the intricate life of mankind, as it is the only sustaining element. Without it life would be a mere-void, a vapid inanity not worth the living. Its wholesome potency will transform the weakling and the unspiritualized man from incipiency, to the full bloom of fitness for a higher life.

The higher life is but another way of expressing Love the divine. ‘‘Illumined by its presence it exhibits man in full glory, controlled by Love,’” which must be the substan- tial principle of the universal thrift and fulness of life.

The Christmas spirit which finds expression in loving and giving is surely working in har- mony with the Deific overflow that brings man in tune with the Infinite.

The rising tide of the true—the fuller Christmas spirit—is the widening dawn of the higher selfhood, which bespeaks the likeness of the divine; true unfoldment of the higher love which has power to sweeten and beautify the lives of all that may feel the magic of its touch.

The late James Whitcomb Riley had the genuine Christmas spirit when he wrote:

“Christmas means love. We can not picture it without seeing the spangled Christmas tree girt with the faces of gleeful youngsters, glad parents, and happy bodies returned home from town or far metropolis. It sounds like bells and crackling logs and shouts of children. And even our old, round-shouldered, sorrow-ridden planet, with his eye knocked out on his cheek, pauses to smile from sea to sea, and love is everywhere rejuvenated.”

“Then let us all be contented with our lot,
The June is here this morning and the sun is shining hot;
Oh let us fill our hearts up with the glory of the day,
And banish every doubt and care and sorrow far away.
Whatever be our station, with Providence our guide,
Such fine circumstances ought to make us satisfied.
For the world is full of roses and roses full of dew,
And the dew is full of heavenly love that drips for me and you.’’

Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!