---
author: B-7542
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2195'
image: umpire_1916_207.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Promptly at 12:50 P. M. on Saturday the members of the Honor and Friendship Club. were marshalled by their respective delegates and marched from their blocks to the amusement hall to enjoy the weekly entertainment.

They were soon seated, gazing at the words on the screen, “The Warden wishes you a Merry Christmas." Whoever read that knew that it meant him.

The opening number was an overture by the H. F. C. Orchestra, rendered with the harmony that Professor Wiegandt alone can produce.

Mr. Kraupa knew what he was doing when he selected Billie Burke in "Peggy" as the feature film, a screen reel preoduction that featured Billie Burke. It is impossible to produce better than Billie Burke, and the closest attention was paid to every situvaticn flashed on the screen; and all were the better for seeing the picture.

Two friends who have been here before, dropped in between trains to entertain the “boys,” opened the vaudeville, Bisselt and Wilson.

The 2nd Section was not out when they were here before, and the storm of applause that greeted their classy turn of singing and dancing was as hearty as the 1st Section gave them. Three encores and a curtain call they responded to before they were permitted to leave. When it is considered that they just had time to get their train, their kindness will be better understood. Thanks, Bisselt and Wilson; come again. Immedi- ately following Bisselt and Wilson came Goldet and Beunnett, the Owl melody team, with a violin and accordion turn. The music that these two artists produced goes down on record as the best ever. The accordicn was an orchestra in itself, and when "The Miserere" welled out in sweet plaintive notes the audience was attentive and silent, greeting the end with a spontaneous burst of applause. The violin was fine, and Goldet and Bennett have our thanks for their efforts. In Lyons, the comedy juggler, Miss Russell continued her gocd work, and we had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Lyons perform juggling feats that can not possibly be excelled.

The applause was so great after Mr. Lyons had finished, that Miss Russell came on and reminded the boys that she had something else to offer. The applause changed to her, and she introduced Mr. Jack Rich, with a German monologue and comic singing and dancing. Mr. Rich is known the world over as a comedian of the first class, and to show that his reputation was built upon a rock, he gave a performance that called for thunders of applause. He submitted to three encores, giving a different turn each time, and finally to the good old air of ‘‘Turkey in the Straw’’ gave an exhibition of dancing that caused ‘‘Big Bert’’ to sit up and take notice, and he murmured ‘‘That baby sure can step some. Do you see them double shuffles?’’ Mr. Rich will fill any house in which he shows. Thanks, Mr. Rich.

Mr. Kraupa gave us a real treat Saturday when he introduced Miss Rose Tapely, a star artist from the Vitagraph Company, of Brooklyn, N. Y. It isn’t often that people have a chance to see and hear a movie star and have her relate episodes of her studio life for their entertainment. This is what Miss Tapely did for the H. F. C. members Saturday, in charming good-fellowship.

When Jimmie Mulligan (the boy in the box) said “We have a Charlie Chaplin this week,’’ he exposed 2 ‘‘Klondike’’ in an effort to show his pleasure. Yes, Mr. Kraupa produced Charlie Chaplin in ‘“The Floor Walker.”’ What’s more to say, Charlie came on the screen, and all thoughts of anything except amusement ceased.

To the Warden, without whose interest and sanction none of this pleasure nor entertain- ment could be, we give our sincere thanks, and we wish him a Merry Christmas. When asked if he had anything to say to the boys, his reply, quick and sure, was, "No, only I’m glad everybody is happy. It was a good show.”

When the picture of the Warden was flashed on the screen the applause was hearty and proved that there is a deep regard for him in the hearts of the members.

Our Vice-President’s (A 8432) picture on the screen was greeted with applause. Pete’s guessing yet where Dr. Bird got that picture. — “the mystery of the Film.”

We had Mrs. Irene Page Soloman, the Philadelphia representative and reporter of the Motion Picture News, with us. She enjoyed herself immensely.

The Warden’s family was represented by Mrs. R. C. McKenty, wife of the President, Reuben C. McKenty, MISS Elsie, and Robert J., Jr.

Wlth Christmas we of the H. F. C. unite in wishing our friends, who have our welfare at heart, and the performers who have entertained us, a Merry Christmas. May the joy that comes frem a gecod deed well done be theirs, is the wish of the members of the Honor and Friendship Club.

Saturday December, 23, 1516, 1st Section 3 B, 5 B, 4 G, 4 B, 7 G, 7 B, 5 G. Be careful of tickets. 

—B 7542