---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_008.jpg
---
FRIENDSHIP

In looking over the well edited columns of
The Castle we found the following article which
is well worthy persuing.

Friendship is the very beginning of happi-
ness in'the heart. It is a rare and gracious
plant, and is found in its purity and power,
only here and there among the hosts of men
and women who dot the earth’s surface by
their moving forms and their faces. Friendship
is not love, but in a certain sense it is some-
thing finer and more divine. It does not co-
exist with passion in any form, while love al-
ways contains more or less of the passion ele-
ment. Friendship is never purely selfish, as
love frequently is, although a measure of self-
ishness, perhaps, is inseperable from all things
human. But the nearest thing to the loves and
joys of the angels above, is the earthly friend-
ship of two human spirits.

As the years pass, and experience proves
betrayal and falsene:s, encountered oftener
than sincerity and loyalty, the following pass-
age from Lord MacauJay becomes poignant
in its personal application, ‘“The more I see
of the world, and the wider my acquaintance
becomes, the narrower
clusive my affections grow. There are
not ten persons in . the world whose
deaths would spoil my dinner, but there
are one or two whose deaths would break my
heart.”” How rare is the lofty and just mind,
which nothing can influence, which believes
not, though evidence points irrefutably, but
which trusts in the integrity of the spirit, even
though actions do not conform with the pris-
tine promise! Such friendship is an oasisin
the desert of lost illusions, and banished hopes,
when dreams have been followed by reality,
and all that the heart desired and followed
after, during the years, has vanished in the
mist, and left no trace. The echo of Portia’s
plea to the Venetian Tribunal, comes through
the centuries as the strains of the softest mu-
sic, pleading, imploring—

and more ex-

““The quality of mercy is not strained,

It droppeth as the gentle dew from heaven.’’

Charity and mercy are one and inseparable.
They temper the exuberance and buoyancy of
youth, glorify old age—together they strew
flowers over life’s long road, ’till after night,
day breaks, and the tiring vision beholds ‘“facc
to face’” what before it has but seen darklv
through a glass. :
