---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2200'
image: umpire_1916_209.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' Christmas'
- ' holiday'
- ' decorations'
title: Christmas Decorations Of Rare Merit At The E.S.P.
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS OF RARE MERIT AT THE E. S. P.

On a broad scale never before undertaken at this institution the inmates applied their latent energies to decorate the interior with a fine array of Christmas greens and ingenious electrical devices of striking novelty and design. The Christmas spirit was everywhere in evidence to the eye in appropriate showing, and one would scarcely realize any sense of prison atmosphere at the display of artistic taste in decoration and the evidence of good fellowship among the inmates.

The principal objects of attraction are to be found at the intersection of the three blocks, 10, 11 and 2, where artistic effort in many designs predominate and electrical displays have temporarily transformed the place into a booth of novel and unique designs of very pleasing effect. Particularly noticeable is the cleverly executed illuminated shadow-box painting, "Three Wise Men," the handiwork of inmate B 8361, which is of unusual size and merit. Another feature is an electrical flash replica of the ideal Santa Claus apparently pursuing his way in a snowstorm (real flakes are to be seen in motion) toward a house in the foreground. This novelty is very attractive and pleasing to the youthful visitors.

Bells, bells, bells that don’t ring, but give tone to the happy holiday spirit are to be seen in profusion, with vari-colored effects in crepe paper and in greens. The female inmates have added their quota of effort at helping to decorate their section, and on the 2nd block, midway of its length, is a gaily decorated Christmas tree of generous size, well filled with scintillating ornaments of various designs. As one inmate remarked, "Can you beat it?” Truly a feat difficult to accomplish. The inmates of the hospital block were well remembered by the friends in and out of the institution, and while a full glow of the season’s joy is not to be expected under the circumstances, still, an apparent sense of good cheer is to be noted.

Over the arched entrance of each block at the Center, there is suspended a large wreath, illuminated by parti-colored electric lights, with ornate festoons of crepe paper and greens suspended between other decorations. The harmonious effect is noticeable, and many complimentary remarks by visitors are to be heard every now and then.

Passing down the 6th block to the Chap- lain’s office and "print shop,” one is greeted with the sigh of bells, wreaths, greens and colored crepe paper in profuse array, well calculated to excite most favorable comment. At least the Chaplain seems to be thoroughly imbued with the season’s joyous spirit, and he is appreciative of the sincere regard of all inmates, especially those directly under his jurisdiction.

The ‘‘print shop’’ presents a no less replete array of many-colored decorations than are to be seen elsewhere, and impress the beholder with admiring satisfaction. One striking point in ali the attractive decorations throughout the place, is the fact that practically all the credit of the display is due to the initiative of the inmates and co-operating officials, a fact which speaks well for the advanced ideas to be found at the E. S. P., no small credit being due our far-seeing and sympathetic Moral Instructor, Rev. Joseph Welch, whose desire for the prisoners’ advancement are known to all.