---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2204'
image: umpire_1916_209.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Catholicism
- ' religious services'
title: Beautiful Catholic Christmas At The E.S.P. Chapel
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

BEAUTIFUL CATHOLIC CHRISTMAS AT THE E. S. P. CHAPEL

Catholic mass was celebrated at the prison chapel on Christmas morning, with all its attendant splendor and solemnity. At no previous time has this beautiful service been celebrated at the E. S. P. in the same degree of excellence that distinguished the service on that occasion.

The altar decorations were rich in ornate candelabra, and beautiful flowers in protfuse array added their potent charm to the occasion, affording delight to those appreciative of the beautiful.

Prof. Joseph Welsh and a host of talented singers from several Catholic churches in the city rendered the music of the mass in a manner calling for the highest praise and were accompanied by the inmate choir and orchestra. To say that the result was near perfection in sacred song and orchestral effects would scarcely do justice to the event.

The mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father McCluskey, S. J., the Rev. Father Michael A. O’Kane preaching the sermon, in which he expressed his delight at the large assemblage present and his thanks to the visiting talent and inmate singers and musicians for their part in the service.

Father O’Kane had previously celebrated three masses, and as he said, “Could not en- tertain the thought of missing the opportunity of being with us on this occasion.’’

In point of numbers in attendance of visitors and inmates, all previous records were passed, it being estimated at nearly eight hundred, visiting members of the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners being much in evidence, and credit must be accord- ed that society for their keen interest in aiding the prisoners’ uplift.

Among those present were Miss Katherine Slack, Mrs. Keen, Mrs. Prince, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mackey, Warden Robert J. McKenty, and a large number of others, all expressive of their delight at the beauty of the service.

Many thanks are due The Ladies’ Catholic Alliance for the statuary and crucifix, and to lady friends and to the Century Flower Shop for the beautiful supply of flowers donated.