---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2209'
image: umpire_1916_210.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- justice system
- ' death penalty'
- ' reform'
- ' Public Ledger'
title: Vengeance Is Not Justice
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

VENGEANCE IS NOT JUSTICE

Under the above title the Public Ledgerhas come out in an editorial strongly opposing the death penalty for the two youths from Jefferson county, whose first appeal for commutation was flatly refused by the State Board of Pardons some time ago.

It is to be hoped that the state-wide opposition which has recently developed against the electrocution of these unfortunate youths, will bear fruit at the present session of the legislature in a bill to abolish capital punishment in this state, as it is only a question of a short time ere the death penalty will be classed as a relic of a past age of cruelty and revenge.

No doubt there will always be a few reactionaries—a few who will nurture the spirit of hate and revenge under the pretext of justice, totally ignoring the teaching of Jesus Christ, the Man-God, who came with the message of ‘‘peace on earth and good-will to men,’’ expository of the divine law of Love as the basis of life immortal.

To anyone of humanitarian convictionsand the love of man in their heart it must be apparent that nothing is to be gained by capital punishment as a means to deter crime; quite the contrary it would seem, for does it not teach the doctrine of vengeance? Such being the case, can anything be more falacious, more stupid, than to continue the present law of capital punishment on the statute books of the state? The writer in the Ledger is evidently of the same mind as he says:

“There is no question as to the duty of the Board of Pardons in the cases of Mottern and Haines. Public opinion has expressed itself overwhelmingly in favor of the commutation of the death sentence to life imprisonment. There is no sickly sentimentality, no sympathy for the crime of murder, in the pleas for mercy. No one denies that they deserve punishment. Nor is the principle of capital punishment a relevant consideration, though this episode has made very many doubt the policy of it. These two boys are guilty of a deliberate act against the majesty of the law. But they are boys, not men; and in the circumstances of both there are conditions which explain, not justify, the act. The state is bound to make a difference between crimes committed by grown men in full possession of their faculties and crimes committed by youths whose whole environment, training and mental qualities remove from them the full responsibility. Vengeance is not justice, and to most persons the putting to death of Mottern and Haines strongly appears to savor of the former. This view should properly govern the attitude of the board.”