---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2214'
image: umpire_1916_211.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' Philadelphia'
- ' police'
title: Interesting News Items
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Instead of a show dog, Edward Daly, of Race street, got a ten-day sentence in jail. Recently Daly found a dog. For bench purposes it was worthless, because it was too long. Daly solved the problem by cutting off part of its tail. The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals did the rest.

“Philadelphia’s finest” have been adding laurels to their fame for bravery and other accomplishments. We note that four policemen have been held for trial for beating up two helpless men on Thanksgiving Day; another was stripped of his uniform and charged with larceny; while a few days ago, it took 75 of the noble protectors of peace three hours to “round up’’ one lone demented Greek, who tried to ‘‘hold up’’ a street car. Bravo!

One of the great army of Hughes losers, a pretty brunette girl of about seventeen years, paid the penalty for guessing wrong recently by giving a young Wilson man a free ride around City Hall in a wheelbarrow. The girl said her name was Carrie Rooke, that she lived on Twentieth Street and that she was a pupil attending high school in this city.

Mrs. Elsie May Boling, of Kansas City, stood it uncomplainingly when her husband, Roy H. Boling, came home intoxicated she stated in her divorce petition, she didn’t even complain when he broke up the furniture, but when he pawned his glass eye to buy whisky—that was the last straw, she charges. And he forced her to take in washing to buy him a new glass eye, she says.

James Lockhart, of Ordway, Col., was granted naturalization papers recently after exercising all the rights of citizenship for fifty-two years. He has voted at every presidential election since the Civil War, held a commission in the United States army, served as a delegate to the Republican national convention, served as Sheriff of Gibson county, Indiana, and has taken an active part in politics for many years. There was no record available to show that his father had become naturalized.

A Harrisburg correspondent tells of a new rose, upon which its producer places a value of $15,000, which was recently brought there from Baltimore to be photographed at the printing plant of J. Horace McFarland, president of the American Civic Association and editor of the American Rose Annual. John Cook, aged 82, of Baltimore, who for sixty-four years has been producing notable varieties of roses, produced this plant, the blossoms of which are pink, like a La France, and measure five and one-half inches in diameter. The plant has sixty buds on it. Photographs in color are being made.