---
author: Lyon, F. Emory
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2216'
image: umpire_1916_211.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Christmas
- ' prison administration'
title: Christmas Message To Prisoners
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

CHRISTMAS MESSAGE TO PRISONERS
From F. Emory Lyon, Superintendent of the Central Howard Association

The greatest single blessing that has come to prisoners in recent years is expressed in the word ‘‘recreation.’’ Increased opportunities in this direction are found in nearly all institutions. For this boon the friends of the detained have long been working. At this Christmas-time we may well be grateful for the better health, the larger life, and the new hope realized thereby. The benefits have been great with the granting of fresh sunlight and exercise. The ball game has furnished the zest of conquest to players, and the joy of diversion to the fans. The moving picture has opened a world of education and human life from beyond the walls.

Meantime it means much that many inmates have become outmates upon their honor. Nearly 10,000 men under sentence in the United States are faithful to their trust in road camps or upon honor farms. All others, in most prisons, have their hours of exercise and relaxation in the open. All of which has produced health, happiness and higher purpose.

Not that recreation is the whole of life, either in or out of prison. Industry is quite as important, and even more essential as a factor in character building. Eech is needed to lend inspiration to the other. There is still too little of both in most penal institu- ticns. All work and no play does all that we used to say, while mischief ever awaits the idle hand and brain.

The principal business of life after all, whether at work or play, is the making of character. The world is the Garden of God for growing the fruits of righteousness. For- tunately, at this occupation we may be en- gaged under any circumstances and in spite of the limitations of human experience. Whether we grow noxious weeds or fragrant flowers in this Garden is for us to decide.

Form in your mind a picture of what you wish to grow. Indulge your desire for apples or roses; melons or chrysanthemums. Think of these luxuries as images of the more lasting qualities of courage and joy; friendship and self-control; truthfulness and sincerity. Say to yourself ‘‘I can be a Luther Burbank in the field of my own possibilities.”

Believe the best of yourself, and others will believe it. Begin today and continue tomorrow, no matter what setbacks may appear in the way. Each time you say to yourself, "I can and will make good,’’ picture success as a reality. This will be as sunshine and water to your garden of life. Put the past behind you as you would cast off an old garment. Have the courage to look truth in the face, cast off falsehood, and begin now to think with God.

Your future does not depend so much upon where you are or the work you are doing as upon the thoughts you are thinking. See that your Garden is not cluttered up with useless thoughts, but grow in your mind definite, orderly plans for better things. In this effort I bid you God-speed for the New Year. I reach out to you in the name of Brotherhood and offer such human help as you need. Work is plentiful, and employers are willing to open the door of opportunity to any one who means business. No one need starve, beg or steal even when released from prison.

The Central Howard Association will gladly find the job and help you over the hard places. Any help advanced may be returned. We help men to help themselves, find themselves, and open the door of opportunity. Write me of your hopes and ambitions, and we will try to realize them together. As expressions of the one Divine Mind let us realize our highest ideals through human experience.

F. EMORY LYON, 
Supt. of Central Howard Association.