---
author: B-7542
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2219'
image: umpire_1916_212.jpg
issue: '52'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The air was filled with the Christmas spirit on Saturday, and each face reflected goodwill.

The 1st Section was the fortunate ones; and orderly, and with heads erect, each block, marshalled by the respective delegate, fell in line, and, happy as possible, marched to the amusement hall.

Professor Wiegandt, with the H. F. C. orchestra, greeted the members with a processional march, and with little or no confusion the audience was quickly seated, and the show was on.

The Vice-President (A 8432) gave the address of greeting, urging each member to enjoy himself to the limit.

The overture by the H. F. C. orchestra, presided over by Professor Wiegandt, was first on the program and received well earned applause. As a curtain-raiser Al (7478) sang ‘‘On the Old Dominion Line,” with the slide pictures. He sang it well, and when the chorus was flashed on the screen the members, to a man, joined in and sang, and sang well too.

Mr. Kraupa gave us something special in a five-reel photoplay of five thousand feet, featuring William S. Hart in ‘‘The Patriot.” It was good, very good, and to illustrate that the members love their flag, a spontaneous burst of applause came forth when “Old Glory’’ was flashed out bright and beautiful. Some were observed to rise. Yes, “The Patriot’’ was all right.

The vaudeville performance opened with “The Zanettas,”’ a musical comedy act in which the violin played a prominent part. The performance was splendid, while the German comedy convulsed the audience with laughter. They were given two encores and a curtain-call, then they broke themselves away. Thanks to “The Zanettas.”

Jack Davis came next with a ventriloquist act, introducing something new in marion- ettes. This act was well received. Especially did the prize fight appeal to the boys, and Mr. Davis was applauded long and loudly. Thanks, Mr. Davis.

The Campbell kids were next, and did we know as much then as now, we would have had Charlie (B 6552) play the good old Scotch air, "The Campbells Are Coming.” clever, classy and difficult tumbling and acrobatic act is hard to imagine. Their balancing was wonderful, and the whole act was full of clean, wholesome entertainment. Thanks, Campbell kids.

Mr. Jack Rich gave the 1st Section a chance to see his style of dancing, and, like the 2nd Section, the applause was roof-raising. His feet were doing such corkscrew twists that our pianist (B 6252) just had to raise up and see where the springs were, Thanks, Mr. Rich.

At this juncture a very pleasant duty was performed by the President, Mr. R. C. MeKenty, coming on the stage with several mysterious packages under his arm. He proceeded to play Santa Claus to some of our good friends and entertainers. First came Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline Booking Company. Miss Russell has been unsparing in her efforts to give the H. F. C. her best; therefore when the President presented her with a package containing a medal made in this institution by B 6765, and she responded in a few apt remarks, in which she said she appreciated the gift and felt her gratitude more, owing to her being four thousand miles from her own home. The members felt proud to feel that each one had a part in her appreciation.

President McKenty then, after a few chosen remarks, called Mr. Kraupa. This was a genuine surprise to our friend; the expression registered first surprise, then joy, on his kinkly face, and he went on the stage as though he was going to have a tooth out. President McKenty presented him with a very pretty box, the work of a member. Mr. Kraupa just looked, then said, ‘‘Boys, I am not much of a speech-maker, but I thank you from my heart, and wish you a Merry Christmas.” Then he ran off. He is our good friend.

President McKenty had some more presents in his pack, one for Prof. Fred Wiegandt, the musical director of tho H. F. C. A very pretty inlaid box was presented to Professor Wiegandt and he replied in a neat little speech of thanks, pledging his friendship to the H. F. C. Master Herbert Kraupa was remembered with a pretty inlaid box, and then our friend Jimmy Mulligan, “The Man in the Box,’’ to quote the President, ‘‘last but not least in importance and our affections,” was presented with a very pretty inlaid box. Some one was there to see how Jimmy took it. So, with his eyes directed that way he said, “Thank you, fellows; a Merry Christmas!’’

The picture to close the show wasa two-reel production, ‘‘The Janitor’s Wife’s Temptation.” It was very good, and served to make every one in a good humor. Immediately following the last picture the Warden, then the President, Mr. R. C. McKenty, and the Vice-President (A 8432) flashed on the screen. Each one was received with a storm of applause, and finally the Warden came out on the stage and said a few words, among which he said, "I am sorry you are not all home. The reason I say this is, I want all of my boys home on Christmas, and if I want them home the other fellow wants his boys home too. But as you all can’t be home, we will try and make it pleasant as possible for you." 

He spoke at some length, and his words carried force with them, holding in them the message that it is not safe to make changes too radical; but there is every hope for good things in the future. His words were applauded to the echo, and every one felt better for hearing him.

The bright, sweet faces in the visitors’ row helped to make cheerful the surroundings.

There were two very pretty young ladies, friends of Mr. Kraupa, especially of Jimmy Mulligan. Miss Helen Weis and Miss Cather- ine Collins and Mrs. H. W. Fisher were also of the party.

Mrs. R. C. McKenty was an interested spectator.

The Rev. Mr. Ohl gave us his presence and enjoyed the entertainment.

Sam was on the job with the drum; B 6252 executed some difficult music on the piano. We mourned for his loss on Friday, but were glad to see him with us on Saturday.

The Committee on the Christmas Kiddie Fund wish to thank Overseer Collins for the valuable assistance he rendered in making and showing us the right way to do things. His knowledge and system made it possible to get all of the gifts on their way by noon on Friday, and each kiddie received a toy for which he or she will thank the “Big Brothers on Cherry Hill.” The prayers of the little ones are always heard, and many little lips will murmur prayers on Christmas morning. Again we wish to thank both Bill and Sam for driving through that rain storm to deliver the Philadelphiapresents. They had a blow-out of a tire too, but it made no difference; they got there just the sams. With goodwill for all, the H. F. C. closes its Christmas for 1916.

President, R. C. McKenty, A 8432, B 7664, 8099, 7927, 7887, 7542 Committee

Attention is called to the fact that in future it will be useless to apply for admission to the amusement hall before the blocks come out. No one will be admitted except he be in the line with a block. By order of the President. December 30th, 2nd Section. 9 B, 8 B, 6 G, 6 B, 1 B, 12 B, 12 1-2 G, 11 B.

—B 7542