---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_009.jpg
---
GOVERNOR WHITMAN ASKS
FOR RILEY’S RESIGNATION

Superintendent of Prisons Says He Will
Not Resign. The Position Has Been
Offered to Gen’l Theo. A. Bingham

At last public opinion has impressed Gov-
ernor Whitman with the necessity of taking a
hand in the Osborne frame np, and he has ask-
ed John R. Riléy, State Superintendent of
Prisons, for his resignation. The Superinten-
dent says he will not resign. At least that was
his attitude when he left N. Y. city the other
day, accompanied by his confidential agent, P.
H. McDonald, and George Weed, his chief
clerk. Riley now claims that he has been made
the victim of a scheme planned by Thomas M.
Osborne and Warden Kirchway to ‘get the
‘superintendent,”” and that he can establish
this fact to the satisfaction of the Governor if
he gets a chance.

“[ intend going back to Albany,”’ Superin-
tendent Riley told his friends, ‘‘and before I
get through with this whole matter somebody
will know more about the prison situation in
this State than they ever knew before. I am
not going to be made the victim of trickery,
and [ am frank to say I believe the Governor
has been imposed upon and deceived. I won’t
resign.’’

Information from Albany states that Gene: al
Theodore A. Bingham will be the new Superin-
tendent of prisonsif he cares to take'the place.
General Bingham came to the capitol recently
in responce to an urgent message from Gov-
ern r Whitmin. For more than an hour he
and the Governor discussed the prison situa-
tion . It is belieied that the Executive let the
former New York Police Commissioner know
that if their veiws were in harmony he could
have the place.

After the conference General Bingham in-
dicated that he would accept the poeition if it
is formalle offered to him.
