---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_010.jpg
---
UPLIFT FOR OTHERS

Among the many men of my acqualntange
in the past, there was one man who has always
loomed up before me with a distinct vividness.
When he saw a kind act, or heard an elevating
thought expressed, or noted a charitable deed,
he was quick to express his commendation
either by letter or in peison. To one who has
been so fortunate as to receive words of cheer
or encouragement from this warm-hearted man
the occasion is riot to be forgotten for many a
day, if ever. This leads to an introspec-
tion of our own frailties and brusqueness, and
to cogitate whether this inspiring habit of
dropping words of good cheer. isn’t a halut
worthy of emulation?

Perhaps you may have a realorvimaginary
grievance against another, ‘and feel that you
are Juenﬁed in giving him all that’s comlng to
him, and that there is no chance for an excuse
in favor of the other fellow for hls attitude
toward you. Perhaps you may- feel that it is
up to you to show him what you think of him

“and express it in words that are more forceful

than elegant.

Admitting that there are occasions when it
would be almost cowardly to hold in, yet in
most cases it is best to “count fifty,”’ or “‘to
sleep on it,”” before making reply. Many a
sharp or cutting retort bas been made, or a
violent encounter has taken place, simply be-
cause of the lack of a little careful thought.
Be that as it may. Is it not better to stop,
look and wait for a second thought within the

mind than to say an irretrievable word, or at

commit an irrevocable act for which you will
be sorry all the days of your life? If you
think you are justified' in making a stinging
rebuke to another for the relief of your griev-
ance, do not air your troubles publicly, but
go and see the individual who has aroused the
spirit of resentment and. have it out with him.
Don't talk it over with Tom, Dick, or Harry,
who don't care a fiddle string about your
troubles, unless it is to spread the gossip:

We remember something about “‘a soft an-
swer that turneth away wrath.” Would it
not be just as well to take heed in this wise
and save the after heart burning? Surely! But

there are many people in the world who hold
to a grudge, and throw diplomacy to tbe
winds. To such, words of caution are a waste
of breath. Believing that it is wise to still the
song of hate, would it not be well to find
another and better substitute? Are we not
blessed by the glowing presence of those who
bring into our lives comfort and cheer?

‘1t is doubtful if there is anyone who doesn’t
want to hear words of encouragement and
cheer at some time in their lives, and generally
most people want all the brightness, all the
good nature and cheer of life that can be had.
Such are always grateful to the bringers of joy
in whose presence there is no sting of sarcasm
or meanness. They look for encouragement.
They-want to be made to think that they still
have a chance in life no matter how barren of
results they may have been in the past.

At no time has the world been more in need
than now, of those who can uplift and in-pire

others instead of those who decry and discour-
age. This is a world of imperfections and
there are countless leakages and slacknesses to
be corrected, and it is a real service to go to
work with good heart and care to point them
out, and to correct them if possible. It shows
a mean spirit to be always on the lookout

for trouble instead of the better and
nobler aims in life. “If a man would
be held in grateful remembrance for a

while, let him—shutting his eyes as tight as he
pleases to the bauble of fame—be kindly and
human and look for all the wonderful goodness
that still lives in the world, and learn to give
an understanding sympathy that is infinitely
greater than all the gold of Ophir and as
strong as the wind and the'sea.”’
