---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_011.jpg
---
WORTH KNOWING

Among the many able men of our time may
be mentioned James M. Baldwin, ‘of Princeton,
N J. He is the possessor of a number of college
degrees and a manof marked ability and learn-
ing, having held many important positions in
associations for futhering the study of psy-
chology and sociology. For his work on social
ethics be was awarded a gold medal by the
Royal Academy of Demark, and he has been
the editor of several scientific publications.

*
*

*

Joseph W. Powell, president of the Fore
River Shipbuilding Corporation, is a man of
advanced ideas and large heart; he looksupon
his em, loyes as a big family and treats them
as such. At his suggestion the employes have
formed a band which gives open air concerts in
season, and a dramatic and literary club which
has mad. sufficient advance to stage a first-
~class vaudeville show. Fo keep the men in-
tere ted at all seasons he makes it a personal
matter to vi~it the va.ious baseball and bowl-
ing clubsand offers prizes to those havirg the
highest scores and standing.

*
*

But few know that the genial stage favorite,
Maude Adams, »as born at Salt Lake City,
Utah, under the name f Kiskadden. Herearly
years were pent in an atmosphere of the thea-
ter and she re:eived an early training for a
stage career under the instruction of her
mother who wa- a1 actress, When sixteen she
became a member of E. H. Southern’s com-
pany, playing in the Mid. ight Bell. Shefinally
joined the Frchmau Stock company, and later
was with John Drew. In 1901 she played with
Sarah Bernhardt and afterward achieved dis-
tinction in plays written by J. M. Barrie, par-
ticula ly in Peter Pan, The Little Minister,
and What Every Woman Knows. In theplays
Chantecler and L’Aigion she also attracted
much attention.

* (2 *

One of the best known artist in the country
is Rose O’Niel; wher ever she paints a picture
she adds her own personal mark to it. She
adopted the ¢ nventional Cupid and usedto add
it to her signature. At first it wasa well set-up,
well behaved, regulation Raphael sort of Cupid,
but having a great deal to do and little time to
doitin, caused herto hurry her signature. Final-
ly the little Cupid got all out of drawing, as art
critics say; his little “tum’” was too large, his
eyes large and shiny, accidentally caused by
hastily made jabs with an over-filled pen.

‘A friend advised her to draw some more of
those funny little thii gs, and so the artist be-
gan making these litile babies that were once
only Cupids, and she sold them everywhere,
A little girl, asking what they were, was told
that they were ““Cupids’’ and she explained to
her mother, “see the pitt. kewpies!”” That
settled it. Rose O’Niel knew she had a name
for them. After that the children got tired of
cutting them out of magazines and wanted
some real “‘kewp es’’ to handle. There are, or
were before the war, thirty German toy fac-
tories manufacturing these “kewpies”.
