---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_011.jpg
---
ETIQUETTE

By Chelsa Sherlock.

1

Etiquette is a customary form of action:
nothing more, nor less. People who are anx-
ious about their manners seldom have the
simon-pure article at heart.

Etiquette is an odd delusion, of the age. It
is impossible for anyone to set up a formula for
good behavior. Iron clad rules never fit and
some ignorant boor will break them and down
goes your little god of fashion.

Fora while elbows on the table were an
evidence of poor manners. Then an ignorant
fool came a‘long having money galore and
rested his pins on the table. Immediately the
whole fashionable world fell in line and the
pendulum swung the other way.

Which goes to prove that etiquette is largely
a matter of form, and the theory of manners
is a fetish.

Etiquette is alright in its place, but its place
is limited. Americans always have had a hard
time with Etiquette and Dame Fashion.

We do not need manners as much as weneed
more sense, :

When Elbert Hubbard wore long hair, used
slang and wrote advertisements, people said
some mean things about him, but there are
hundreds of good, honest people who are try-
ing to be Elbert: Hubbards now.

When Christ plucked grain on the Sabbath
and mingled with the Underworld, He was
hencef. rth marked for slaughter.

When Lord Byron told Society that it was
dead wrong, the world commenced to breed
cynics and pessimists by the car load.

It was a forgotten preacher whosaid: ‘‘How
prudently some men creep into nameless graves
while a few forget themselves into immortal-
ity !”’

Society etiquette and manners are like war,
and belong principally on the other side of the
Atlantic where they had their birth.

The man who lives according to the impulses
of his better self—who forgets himself in the
doipg of a kind act, will fit into any -circle.
The man who lives by a code of rules isa
helpless.creature when he gets outside of his
community.

And, lastly, let it be your rule, if you must
have one: Never to do that which, if done
at all would cause sorrow or offense to an-
other.
