---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_011.jpg
---
IN LIGHTER VEIN

““When you leave on the train,”” said the
young man yearningly, ‘I will throw you a
kiss.”

‘““But,’’ rejoined the girl, “don’t you know
that it isn’t polite to throw things at people?
You should always give them.”’

o

“You say you haven't anything to be thank-
ful for?”’ said the clergyman to one of his
parishioners. ‘“Why look at your neighbor
Hayes; he has just lost his wife by influenza.”’

““Well,”” said the parishioner, ‘‘that don’t do
me any good; I ain’t Hayes.”’

H

Ferdie had just proposed to Millie.

“No, Ferdie,”” she said, ‘‘I cannot marry
you. The man who gets me must be a grand
man, upright and square.”’ '

“My dear girl,”’ said Ferdie,
want a man. You want a piano.”

: S

“Pa,”’ said Tommy, asking his fifty-first
question that evening, "‘is a vessel a boat?”’

“Well, yes,”” said Pa, trying to read his pa-
per; ‘‘you can call a vessel a boat, certainly.”

“Well, what kind of a boat is a blood vessel?"’

“A lifeboat, of course. Now run off to bed.”’

S

“Why, Willie,” said the Sunday-school
teacher in a pained voice, ‘‘have you been
fighting again? Didn’t you learn in last Sun-
day’s lesson that when you are struck on one
cheek you ought to turn the other one to the
striker?’’

“Yes'm agreed Willie; ‘‘but he hit me on the
nose, and I've only got one.”’ ;

““you don’t

At the wedding breakfast the bridegroom,
an exceedingly bashful young man, was called
upon to speak, in spite of the fact that he had
pleaded to be excused. Blushing to the roots
of his hair he rose, intending to say that he
was no speechmaker, but, unfortunately plac-
ing his hand on the bride’s shoulder, he stam-
mered these opening (and closing) words:

“This—er—this thing has been thrust upon

79

me,

&

A man walking along the street of a village
stepped into a hole in the sidewalk and broke
his leg. He engaged a famous lawyer, brougt
suit against the village for one thousand dollars
and won the case. The city appealed to the
Supreme Court, but again the great lawyer
won. ;

After the claim was settled the lawyer sent
for his client and handed him one dollar,

““What’s this?’’ asked the man.

“That’s your damages, after taking out my
fee, the cost of appeal and other expenses,’’ re-
plied the counsel.

The man looked at the dollar, turned it over
and carefully scanned the other side. Then he
looked up at the lawyer and said: ‘“‘What’s

the matter with thisdollar? Isita counterfeit?"’
