---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_014.jpg
---
WE REAP WHAT WE SOW

It was a wise mah who said that if we gave
to the world and our friends the best we have,
that the best will come'to usin return; which
is another way of saying ‘‘that we can take
from the world only what we put into it.”
These facts were strikingly brought to mind
recently by the case of a lonely man who killed
himself in a well known New York hotel, be-
cause as he stated in a letter that was left on
a table in his room, he ‘‘had no friends or rela-
tives who took an interest in him or his affairs,
and he had nothing in particular to occupy his
time.”” This man was not poor, except in
friends. He had a fat bank account and
possessed all the usual equipment that a man
of refinement and taste could desire. Further
statements of his case would indicate that he
had chosen to hold himself somewhat aloof
from those who might have been his friends and
as a consequence hegradually became morose
and finally ended his life because of its dreary
void and emptiness; because he pictured in
Lhoubhl the long, 01ay', unillumined view of
the years to come. He had willed his course
ia life to a selfish end until it had become im-
povished, not in that which money can buy,
but in an impoverished heart. Well would it
have been for this unfortunate man could he
have cleared away the thought of self, and
borne in mind the saying of that delightful
philosopher poet, Emerson, who said that “To
have a friend you must first be a friend.”’
How different .might have been his passing
away, had he but given out a spirit of friend-
ship! It is true th(lt real friendships do not
fall into-one’s lap like fruit from a tree. They
must be engendered by:a spirit of truth and
devoted loyalty; the forgetting of trifling short-

" coimnings of ~others and by showing unfailing
kindness of heart. Had this man thought less
of himself and tried to serve others, even in a
slight degree, he would not have been troubled
in finding friends to help drive away all thoughts
of gleom, and his life would undoubtedly have
heen-well fil'led with a flood of kindly thoughts

Truly “it is a good

thing to be rich and a good thing to be strong,
but it is a far better thing to be loved by many
friends.”’

from those around him.
