---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_014.jpg
---
OF ALL SAD WORDS—TOO LATE

There comes to hand the story of a man in
an adjoining State who ran away from hisfam-
ily some twenty odd years ago and who has
just returned to the home of his youth. When
he left home he was a mere lad of tender years;
now he is a man, mature and repentant.

On each day of maildeliverysince the youth.
flushed with anger and bitter retort, hurried
out of the house to be heard from no more,
his father, with sorrowing heart, - went to the
village postoffice and asked in anxious voice,
“Have you a letter for me from my son?”’
As day followed day, the answer was
always a gentle negative, and as the great
leveler, time, moved on apace, the father in
drooping spirits, saddened and died a heart-
broken old man.

The son, who was living in a distant city,
happened to see the notice of his father’s
death in a newspaper recently, and hereturned
to the home of his boyhood, too late to retract
the words spoken in the heatof anger. Truly,
“how great a fire a little matter kindleth.”
From some trivial offence a quarrel took place
that wrecked the peace and happiness of the
home all these years, and in silence the parents
suffered at the absence of their boy.

What a splendid chance there would have
been to show the spirit of forgiveness—but a
few words were needed to set everything right,
to still the aching hearts—but the few words
were never spoken, for a false pride aid a
hardened heart had prevented their utterance.
At last the heart was softened by death, but it
was then too late to speak, too late to ask for-
giveness. This case may not be unlike others;
but there are many who still clerish a past
grievance and nourish a spirit of resentment
that might better be wiped away and buried
in a forgotten place.

Is there a better time than now to speak the
words of repentance, to ask forgiveness, to ef-
fect a reconciliation with a warm hand clasp,
and no not wait until it is TOO LATE?
