---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_014.jpg
---
NEW DEVICE RIVALS TELESCOPE

An optical device, which it is claimed rivals
the telescope in revealing the mysteries of the
heavenly bodies, was exhibited at the thirty-
sixth annual meeting of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held recently. Dr.
John A. Bashear, of Pittsburg, in his address
as retiring president, held in his hand this
new device, which is called a ‘‘diffracting grat-
ing,”’ and explained its working. It looked
like a rectangular piece of metal about two by
four inches long, and changed color under the
electric lights. The speaker said: “On the
plain side of this polished plate, made accurate
to one-tenth of a. light wave, or within one
forty-five-thousandth of an inch, a'e ruled
more than 45,000 lines, between which there is
no greater error than one two-millionth of an
inch. With this delicate picce of apparatus,
made possible, first, by vigeious scientfic re-
search, second, by the skill of the artisan,
third, by a knowledge of and a vigorous care
to avoid temperature changes, and fourth, by
the accuracy of the mechanism, the astro-phys-
icist has been able to tell the composition,
temperature and distgnce of the stars. It also
is possible for the physicist, the chemist, to
tell us the purity of the material he is called
upon to investigate; ‘‘indeed, it makes it-
self subservient to many phases of engineer-
ing in the domain of metallurgy.” I'r. Ba-
shear paid a tribute to the genius and skill of
American engineers and said that the perfect-
ing of the sciew by Rowland, and later by Dr.
Anderson of Johns Hopkins University. had
contributed to the scientific mechanism which
made possible the optical device that now ri-
vals the telescope. Each astronomical device
reveals new secrets of God’s wisdom and power.
