---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_015.jpg
---
WELL WORTH KNOWING

It certainly isa long way from singing in
the church choir to writing musical comedy;

but Reginald de Koven made it in three jumps:

first jump, Oxford; second jump, Paris; third
jump, Broadway. He and his collaborator
wanted to sell ‘“‘Robin Hood’’ outright for
$2500, but the producer wouldn’t take such a
long chance and forced a percentage contract
on them. It brought them in $200,000,
i, * ¥ * ; :
Representative Edward W. Townsend, of
New Choisey’ is half ashamed of the fact that
he is the author of “Chimmie Fadden,” regard-
less of all the money the book and play have
- brought him. When a man becomes engaged
in statecraft he likes to bury his past if that
past is too much mixed up with slang and friv-
olity. When Townsend makesa speech in the
House—which he does only occasionally—he
carefully blocks every pos:ible opening where
a stray bit of humor might creep into what he
has to say. ] :
* * * i
Dr. 3. N. Patten, professor of Political
Economy, of the University of Pennsylvania,
probably knows more about what girls pay for
their hats than do most milliners. After ex-
haustive research about this fascinating sub-
the avcrage for their best hat with a
plume, thirteen dollars; the same class of'girls
in Boston paid only seven dollars. Dr. Patten
says Atlantic City’s fashionable. Board Walk
is resj.onsi le for the PL 1lade1ph1a extravagance
in head gear. e

sk
L *

It is said that Dr. Henry Van Dyke is not
sure whether it was his father's example that
madea minister of him; or his' own admiration
for the Apostles, who were all good fishermen.
He’s all kinds of a minister—formerly minister
of the Brick Church on Fifth Avenue and now
Minister to Holland. He is the authorof many
poems, of which the best known is:

“Cares shall be forgotten,

All our sorrows flung away.

While we are marching through Princeton.’

*
£ 3 x*

The popular sergeant-at-arms of the Senate,
Charles P. Higgins, was at onetime a mes-
senger boy out in St. Louis for one of the early
telegrajh'companies of which Andre_‘w Carnegie
was president.

When Carnegie came. up to wvisit the Senate
some months ago, Higgins was introduced to

ject;

him. 3
“Mighty glad to meet you sz}id Higgins;
““I’ve wanted to make your acquaintance ever

: ; y ; a
since we were associated in business.

““You know, er—I don’t r};call,—?"faltered

Andy.
S ine the teleqraph business,””.. explamed
Higgins; ‘‘of course, we never saw much of

each other. You were busy with your dutxe‘*
as president and I was almost equally bu_“_sy, as
messenger.’’ Aesaay 1 ,
“Ah, yes.”” murmured Andy, who is Scotch,
and so of course has no sense of humor, ‘‘very

true: very true.”’

‘essere p.ivo della liberta,
