---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_015.jpg
---
IN LIGHTER VEIN

Jones:—‘‘Did you have a fine anto trip?”’
Speedwell:—*‘I must say it was mostly fine.’
5 g
It’sall right to take things into considera-

tion, provided they don’t belong to some one
else.

Pat—*"Yis, sorr,” wur-rk is scarce, but Oi
got a ]Ob last Sunday that brought me foive
dollars.”

Mr. Goodman—“What' you broke the Sab-
bath?’’

Pat (apologetically)—*‘Well, sorr,
av us had t’ be broke.”
: i # 2 3
said little Rollo,

’twas wan

“Father,’!
dicitis?’’

‘‘Appendicitis, my son,’’ answered the dee})-
thinking father, “is somethmg that enables a
doctor to open up a man sana’romy and remove
his entire bank account.’

B

“Why, dear,”” said a mother upon noticing
her little girl standing before a mirror .and
making the most hideous faces, what are you
doing?”’ .

“I'm getting ready, mother t0 .go over .to '
tell Nellie Smith what I think of her.”’

“what is appen-

S :
““My dear girl,”’ said a father to his daughter,’
““‘what do you suffragists want anyhow?’”” = 7

“Why, Dad, we want to sweep the country,
replied the daughter. i
“Do vou?’’ said the father. ““Why, now,
suppose you t"tke a broom and start Wlth this
room : : Sk

For many days a man lay dangerously ill
with a maladay that puzzled the distinguished
specialist who called to attend him.

One afternoon the eminent physician appear-
ed with eyes aglow. ‘‘I certainly congratulate
you; iehesaidy o ;

The patient smiled hopefully.
will surely recover?” he asked.

““Oh, no! there 1s no hope of that; but if the
autopsy proves that you are suffering from an
entirely new disease, as I believe it will,
will name the malady after you.”’

S

Tommy's father had been giving him lessons

“You mean [

we

in politeness, but hardly dared hope that the
seeds of his teaching had taken root.
- One ‘day, hearing noise coming from the

nursery, he investigated,

pounding his little brother. : 50
- “7'm surprised, Tommy,”” " said “his fatlier
“that you should hurt your -little

and found Tommy

brothér "~ Don’t you'know that it is \'ér'\" COW-
ardly to qtrlkc one who is smaller thdll \om—
\(1[)7:“" o v ,-‘

“Yes,” replied the culprit' meekly, “but

when you spanked me yesterday I was too_po-
lite to mention it.
