---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_016.jpg
---
SIMPLE LIFE IS BEST

Those who try to find their highest pleasures
in what wealth can ‘bring them are usually
much disappeinted that the rich man can not
cat any more than—often not as much as—the
humblest day-laborer, without working injury
to himiself. A man can only eat about so much
without being distressed or made uncomfort-
able. [Itis afact that many people arc at times
surprised . to find how few and small their real
wants are, and how frugally and simple they
should live in order to obtain the blessing of
health. As soon as a man begins to overdo, or
to go toexcess in pleasure of any kind, Nature’s
demands are made manifest, often in much suf-
fering.

So that riches are not so vary desirous after
all. Unless the possessor of wealth is gifted
with a well balanced mind and can hold him.
self well under control, it often acts as an im-
pendiment to bringing out the higher qualities
in a man. The mauy temptations of a rich
man’s life are a constant menace to his highest
moral and physical development. The great
incentive to self-improyement is usunally re-
moved and life becomes mediocre or dulled to
the finer impulses. It takes a strong will to
resist the temptations that besets a person of
wealth, in order to really accomplish that which
is the best for himself and others. ¢ 18 truly
surprising what few and simple things wii]
serve the highest good of the human being
The great trouble with most all of us is that we
usually place a false estimate upon riches, and
overrate whatit can do for the individual,

Nearly all of the most desirable things in the
universe are within the reach of all of us. The
sunlight, the air, the beauties of nature, whole-
some, nourishing food, a sweet, attractive home
cost but very little. If we did not emphasize
the wrong things, if we spent our earnings for
the things that are really worth while, we could
get much more out of life then we do, Exper-
ience and observation have shown that the
simple-t lives are the happiest. Great com-
plexity of living is not conductive to happiness
or the highest unfoldment of the individual,

- In fact, the moment our lives become com-

plicated or complex we cease to grow along the
noblest sides of our nature.

Our great aim in life should be to find out
how we can get the best out of life and be happy
with what we have, than to be constantly seek-
ing for that which lies just beyond our reach.
Mostof us do not fully appreciate or get the
full realization out of what we have ourselves,
because our eyes are focused upon what other
people have. The little we have is lost sight
of, is covered up, in our magnifying the more
which others have. Wecan not get the full
value of our own while we are thinking how
much more others have. :

Whata great boon it would be for humanity
if we could all be taught to see the real comforts
and beauty that is most sure to bless and
sweeten the simple life.
