---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_017.jpg
---
WIELICZKA THE BURIED

During the earlier part of the frightful Eu-
ropean war, when the Russian troops were
sweeping through Galicia, and were almost at
the threshold of Silesia, the name of the an-
cient town of Wieliczka, some twelve miles
south of Krakow, was frequently to be read in
the dispatches. Classed as a stragetic point,
Wieliczka as printed on the map was a city of
note; but remarkable to relate, for over a
thousand years a city of much greater interest
has lain buried below the surface of the earth,
under the Galician town. Long neglected, this
buried city is now recalled to mind by the
war’s upheavalsand it is depicted by The Guar-
dian as being some two and a-half miles in
length, and over a third of a mile wide, con-
sisting of an enormous salt-mine, and one of
the largest and oldest in the world. The article
further states that ‘it has seven levels, and
the lowest is nearly a thousand feet deep. It
is entered by eleven shafts. The different lev-
els are connected by flights of steps hewn out
of the rock salt. In the mine are chapels,
tramways, a railway, a railway station, a ball-
room, and several other halls, aill hewn out of
the rock salt with elaborate architectural dec-
oration. ,

““There are sixty-two miles of pony tram-
ways and twenty-two miles of railway. All
these lines, and the principal passages, or
‘‘streets,”’ meet in a sort of central cavern.
Here is the central railway station; with spa-
cious waiting-rooms and an excellent refresh-
ment-room It locks, according to one visit-
or's description, “more like a summer pavilion
than a railway station, with its latticed galler-
ies and its rows of stately pillars that gleam
white and iridescent. :

““The oldest ‘‘building’’ in the mine is the
Chapel of St. Anthony: it dates from 1691. It
contains three altars, a pulpit, and much stat-
uary, all elaborately carved out of rock salt.
But services are now held in the modern, but
equally elaborate Chapel of St. Cunigunde,
which is entered by descending forty-six salt
steps. - The chapel is fiftty yards long, fifteen
yards wide, and thirty feet high, and is used
regularly for worship.

““The ballroom is a huge -room, where the
miners often hold their festivals. A miner’s
orchestra plays regularly in the hall, not only
for the dances, but for the entertainment of
visitors The mine has been worked for at
least eight hundred years. It belongs to the
Austrian Government, and gives work to a
thousand men.”’
