---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_006.jpg
---
UNDER-RATING

The habit of belittling the great does not
make small men larger nor the large smaller,
and yet despite the utter want of purposes in
the process, there seems to be no quality in
humanity so exercised. Belittling has for its
subject every class of society; it begins with
authority which it carves, and of course it is
merciless with equals. Its ignorant and mean
purpose is not to recognize worth, and thus
attempt to undo it. It is the senseless trick
of the ostrich that imagines the whole body to
‘be enveloped in darkness, because its head is

- hidden. The beggar shrugs with complacency
at his low estimate of the nation’s president,
and forgets for a moment his penury and rags
in stretching to his full stature and feeling as
big as the chief executive. The illiterate en-
joy mocking laughter at the scholar and see
not the beauty, the grace and the light of in-
tellectuality in beholding an error that escaped
sweat-blinded and tired eyes. They lift them-
delves from “their stools, and kings of
thought are not as happy as are they
in their undermining conceits. The lazy,
glorying in belittling labor and in calling
ingenuity and skill hard names, preach equality
in the distribution of the fruits of toil, and so
try to hide their own incapacity.

The iolly, the shame and the crime of think-
ing that subtracting from our neighbor’s char-
acter or fame adds to our own. No, it dimin-
ishes the defamer and does not take a whit
from the excellency of the other,

Folly laughs at wisdom, igrorance at learnn-
ing, poverty at wealth, falshood at truth, and

"the devil dares to sneer in the wvery face of
Christ.—7%e Castle.
