---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_017.jpg
---
WONDERS OF ANDES AND AMAZON

‘“Three cycles ago an island arose from the
sea where now expands the vast continent of
America. It was the culminating point of the
highland of Guiana,’’ writes James Orton, in
his ‘*‘The Andes and the Amazon.’’ ‘“For ages
this granite peak was the sole representative
of dry land south of the Canada hiils. In
process of time a cluster of islands rose above
the thermal waters. They were the small be-
ginnings of the future mountains of Brazil.
Long-protracted aeons clapsed without adding
a page to the geology of South America. All
the great mountain chains were at this time
slumbering beneath the ocean. The city of
New York was sure of its site, but. huge di-
notheri wallowed in the mire where now stand
the palaces of Paris, London and Vienna."

Mr. Orton then goes on to picture how the
“low, winding archipelago, the western line
of the western continent,’”’ rose slowly, ‘‘bya
double process. The submarine crust of the
earth is cooling, and the rccks arefolded up
as it shrivels; while the molten material from
within, pushed out through the crevices, «ver-
flows, and helps to build up the sea defiant.
wall.”’ ““Three timesthe Andessank hundreds
of feet beneath the ocean level, and again were
slowly brought up to their present height.
The suns of uncounted ages have risen and set
upon these sculptured forms, through geolog-
ically recent, casting the same line of shadows
centuray after centuary.”’ :

“And now the Andes stand complete in
their present gigantic proportions, one of the
grandest and most symmetrical mountain
chains in the world. Starting from the land «f
fire, it stretches northward, and mountsup-
ward, until it enters the Isthmus of Panama,
where it bows to either ocean; but soon resumes,
under another name, its former majesty.”’
“‘Nowhere else does nature present such a con-
tinuousand lof:y chain of mountains, unbroken
for 8000 miles, cave where it is rent asunder
by the Magellanic Straits.’’

*“The moment the Andes rose, the great con-
tinental valley of the Amazon was stretched
out and molde din its lap. The tidal waves of
+he Atlantic were dashing against the Cordil-
leras and a legion of rivulets were busily
plowing up thesides into deep ravines;the sedi-
ment was carried castward, and spread out,
stratum, till the shallow <ea between the Andes
and the islands of Guiana and Brazil were filled
up with sand and clay. ... Eddies and cur-
rents, throwing up sandbanks as they do now,
gradually defined the limits of the tributary
streams, and directed them into one main trunk,
which worked for itself a wide, deep bed, cap-
able of containing the accumulating flood.
Then and thus was formed the Amazon.
