---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_017.jpg
---
IN LIGHTER VEIN

Harry: *“I'd come over and kiss you, but I'm
afraid of upsetting the boat ”
Grace: I can swim, Harry."”

84

“Pa,”’ said the small sceker after knowledge,
“what is a kiss?”’

‘A kiss, my son, "’ said thefather, who hadn’t
lived fifty vears in vain, ‘‘is nothing divided
by two."’

S

“So yo’ am goin’ to be ' mah son-in-law, am
yo’?”’ inquired old Brother Buckaloo.

““Yessah, dat’s what it 'mounts to,”” said the
colored swain. ““But dat ain't what Ah’m
a-marryin’ Louella Maud foh. Yo' am purely
incidental to de emergency, sah, purely inci-
dental.”’

S

“I want a pair of socks for my husband,”” an-
nounced the determined-looking lady.

“Yes'm, ' replied the clerk; ‘‘what number
please?”’

The shopper glared at him.

1 didn’t know that it's any of your busi-
ness,”’ she said, ‘“‘but he is Number Three.”

S

“Do you love sister Clara, Mr. Simpson?’’
asked the little brother frakly of the caller.

“Why. Wille, what a funny question!”" re-
plied the astounded Mr. Simpson. “Why do
vou ask that?”’

“Because she said last night she’d give a
dollar to know, and I need the dollar.”

S

“Johnny," said the mother as she vigorously
scrubbed the small boy’s face with soap and
water, ‘“‘didn’t I tell you never to blacken vour
face again? Here I've been scrubbing for half
an hour and it won’t come off.”’

“1.I—ouch!”” sputtered the small boy; “I
ain't your little boy. I—ouch! Ise Mose, de
colored lady’s little boy.”’

o

Young Barnes had married contrary to his
father’s wishes. Meeting his parent soon after-
ward, the father said angrily:

_“Well, young man, I have made my will and
cut you off with.a dollar.”

“I am very sorry, father,”’ said the youth
contritely; “ you don't happen to have the
dollar with you, do you?”

S

One day Johnny came home from school in
tears.

““What is the matter, darling?’’ asked his
mother solicitously.

“Teacher whipped me,”” he sobbed.

““What for?”’ 3

“Nothin’ ’cept answerin’ a question.”

«“Phat is very singular. Did you answer it
correctly?”’

¥esiim

“What was the question, dear?”’

¢She asked who put the dead mouse in her
desk.”’
