---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_018.jpg
---
Continued from Page 1.

He told of three men being arrested togather.
A restaurant was robbed by one of them; the
other merely sat in the restaurant and knew
nothing of it; while one was on the street at
the time and knew nothing of the robbery.
The one in the restaurant got 12 vyears, the
one on the street got 39 years, and the one
who committed the crime got really a vear in
Elmira Reformatory. He had a brotheron the
N. Y. Police force.

I am a firm believer in an indeterminate sen-
tence, feeling that for the safety of society a
man should not be sent out until he isin a fit
condition to be returned to society, and this
would do away with so much ‘‘repeating;” 65 per
cent. of the present inmates are. repeaters.

In speaking of punishment he said the only
punishment possible was in sending a man to
prison, the rest was simply brutality, and that
few people are able to define either punishment
or crime

Time will prove that the new system or idea
is the only safe one for society, as it sends men
out clean of heart, mind, and body,—that fair
treatment within takes away the revengeful
spirit and makes them feel that society means
well by them. Prisoners should be treated at
least as well as your horse or cow, and we should
not lock them in 15 hours every night, and all
day during hot weather, or on Sundays or holi-
days, and expect good results.

To show the different attitude of mind that
now dominates the men, he told of a man who
escaped recently in an auto with $150. in his
pocket ; but because 20 ex-convicts and mem-
bers. of the League told him he ought to go
back, that he hurting::.Osborne, the
l.eague, and the other 1600 men, he returned
of his own accord.

I am thoroughly convinced in the blessings
of liberty so farasit is possxble Gladstone says,
““It is liberty alone that fits men for liberty,”’
and by keeping men shut up you can form no
idea of what they will do when letloose. Some
one then asked if rich men were allowed
special privileges , and he told of one man who
went there in an auto, and had always had a
room in the hospital, was waited on.-by one of
the nurses, ¢ot up when he chose, had a desk
the office and was supposed to be the
Record clerk, though some one else did the
work while he attended to his own private
business. This man practically ran the prison;
so I thought it best to transfer him, because as
he said, ‘‘There was nct room
there.”’

Mr. Osborne concluded his address by say-
ing that the greatest opposition to prison re-
form and to his system, came from five men
and women who had been workers on prison
reform boards, and thought they knew it all.
They did not like to be told that they were
all wrong in their theory; and in a revengeful
spirit they took every opportunity to harass
and make trouble for me, hoping theréby to
justify their contentions. Mr. Osborne had the
audience with him to a man.
