---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_018.jpg
---
PROBLEM OF THE
UNEMPLOYED

Director Lightner Commends Activities

of The Public Bureau

Proper management in individual industrial
plants will go a long way toward solving the
unemployment ploblem, is the opinion of
Joseph H. Willits, an industry expert oftithe
Wharton School of the University of Penn-
sylvania. He recommended & study of the
problem in its relation to their businesses for
industrial managers, in an address rec ntly
delivered at the Widener Building, in this city.

Jacob Lightner, director of the Bureau of
Industry of the Department of Labor and In-
dustry, empl1a<12ed the need of plublic employ-
ment bureaus. “The man who comes to the
office seeking a position is not the one who is
down and out, the bum or the pai handlcr,”’
he said. ““He is not cven the unemyloyable.
The men who come to us are really the best
class of persons in the city, skil'ed tradesmen
and their best reccomn endatic n is the f ct that
employers who come to us for men once, come
back again and again.”’

Mr. Lightner said his department was im-
proving the employment agency business of
the city. It had licensed 127 employment
agents and had “held up for further consider-
ation’’ 41 others. ‘The bureau,”” he <aid,
‘“‘has passed a rule that no employment agent
doing business for profit shall accept one cent
under any guise whatsc ever from an applicant
for a p051t1011 unt11 such time as the app‘lcant
has been sent to a position. And if the appli-
cant does not receive the ‘position. through no
fault of his own, the money must be refunded
in full. The employment agents in Philade’-
phia have been playing pretty fair with me ”’
