---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_018.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obhgatlon attached to the “ad” service of
this paper. but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer.

FOR SALE—Ladles hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro-

cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On
sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx)

PHOTOS enlarged on silk, reasonable. Pic-
tures framed with passepartout; large selec-
tion on hand. B 6687, 7B. (44)

FOR SALE—Fine set of carpenter tools, also
some inlaid work, reasonable; am sellmg out.
B 5910 7 B. ; 45)

FOR SALE—Hand-painted potal cards with
envelopes, 6 for ' 5 cts BE7652587 G (45)

FOR SALE—12 string Weymann’s concert
mandolin. Cost $15, sacrificefor$11. B6&8I1,
9B. (48)

FOR SALE—Extra nice toy furniture p'ain
and inlaid, 75 cents the suit Also fincy pin
cushions at 75 cents and up. B 6531, 6B. (49)

FOR SALE—Trombone, in good condition,
worth $5.00 will sell for $3.50. B72 2, 4B (49)

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood.
any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)

FOR SALE—Shawls, scarfs and tidies made
of best Germantown wool, 25c up, inspection
invited. B €523, 7B. (49)

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos. certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B. 7172, 12 B. (52)

FOR SALE—Dainty silk or velvet pin cush-
jons gaily trimmed, in all colors, 25 cents each.
B 723%, 6:B. (52)

FOR SALE—3 pictures 20x24 inches, and 36
Pasce Partout pictures. Price reasonable.

B 6303, 9 B. (52)
FOR SALE~Mandolxn and sheet music, all
for %3 B 5808, 1 B ),

B 7386, 3 B.

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. B 7945, 7 G. 2)

"FOR SALE—A German accordeon, Flornak
make, with case and instruction book. Cost
%8 will sell for $3.50. B 7482, 10 B. (2)

FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. (47)
~ For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prxces B 6270, 5th Gallery (3)

For Sale— Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupen enlargments, $1 25
Enlargments made and framed $2 .0 B 7243,

7th Block & (3)
For Sale—New accordion, Italian model $¢ 50
also Bottle with Cross enclosed beautiful
Curio. $1. 00 B 7794, 10 Block (&)
For Sale—Guitar in good condition $!. 50
B 6294, 5th Gallery. (3)

For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in g od
conditiin. Price reasonable B 7812 12:h B (3)
For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mate
up and a breeding cage cheap B 7040 4th
Gallery. ®3)
FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20

pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection cf 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin

solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)
