---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_020.jpg
---
THOUSANDS OF WAGE WORK-
ERS TO BENEFIT BY
INCREASED PAY

At Toledo, O., six hundred employes of the
Boss Manufacturing Company, mitten manu-
facturers, are to get an increase in wages of
from 5 to 12 per cent., an aggregate increase of
$60,000 a year. The increase, understood to
have been granted voluntarily, is effective im-
mediately.

Reports from Media, Pa., tell of a voluntary
raise of 2 cents per hour recently, given to mo-
tormen and conductors by the Delaware Coun-
ty and Philadelphia Electric Railway Com-
pany, which operateslines from Angora to Me-
dia and from Media to Glen Riddle. Under
the new schedule the men will receive from 23
to 26 cents per hour, according to length of

“service,

The employes of the New Castle and the
Delaware City lines of the Wilmington and
Philadelphia Traction Company, have received
notice of an additional raise of 2 centsan hour,
taking effect at once. The men now receive 4
cents more per hour than they did six months
ago.

Fifteen thousand operatives at New Bedford,
Mass., are effected by a wage advance of 5 per
cent., announced by cotton yarn mills in that
city recently. The Quissett, Sharp, Holmes,
New England and City Mill managements
posted notices of the raise. The Monomet and
Ki burn Mills recently announced an advance.

J. & P. Coates, L.’t’d , thread manufacturers,
of Pawtucket, R. 1., announced that an in-
crease in wages approximating 10 per cent.
had been granted to 2600 employes. The ad-
vance will date from January 31.

Effective February 1, the wages of the 2000
employes of the Northampton plant of the At-
las Portland Cement Company, at Allentown,
Pa., will be increased from 7 to 10 per cent.
The company also operates millsat Hudson, N.
Y,, and Hannibal, Mo.

Increases in pay averaging 5 per cent. will be
given master mechanics in the navy yards
throughout the United States. Secretary Dan-
iels said recently he had decided to grant the
increases and would make them effective as
soon as possible, probably within the next two
weeks.
