---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_020.jpg
---
H. & F. CLUB NOTES

It gives us great pleasure to announce that
the blind colored man B 7396, 5-Block, whom
we took up a collection for in November, was
granted a pardon on Jan. 21 by the Board at
Harrisburg, and will be discharged some time
this week He wishes to thank every indi-
vidual who contributed to this fund, and made

" which we need badly as our treasury

THE UMPIRE

it possible for him to regain his liberty again.

This is a “big feather in our caps’’and it
means considerably more to us and our cause
than appears on the surface. It proves to the
officials of this institution that we are living
up to our Club name. ‘‘Honor’” and ‘‘Friend-
ship’’ and doing all we can with the slender
finances at our command It also proves to
the people outside the wall, that ‘‘prison re-
form’’ is not a theory’’ but a fact,”” and that
with proper encouragement great things are
possible of accomplishment. It will interest
them in our w.rk when they discover the
numerous other things we have done, such as
helping brother members financelly when they
have been discharged. In addition to that we
have sent money to several destitute families
of the inmates, when they were about to be
dispossessed for arrearages in rent, and pay-
ing the burial expenses of several of our
Brothers who have passed away while incar-
cerated here, thereby saving their bodies from
the dissecting table.

We donated fifty dollars out of our treasury
to the Christmas Fund, to help buy tovs for
the inmate’s children, thereby helping to make
some little heart happy.

When the outside people realize this,
may help us out with a few

they
contributions,
is sadly
depleted, and the “Finance Committee often
sit and wonder’’ where theyv are going to get
the money to pay for the “music’’ instrument
strings. etc. for the next series o' entertain-
ments, also the base balls for the summer ball
games. So when we ask you for a dime once
in a while, don’t be ‘‘shy’” “come across’’ we
need it, its for your benefit. ‘‘Think it over."
This week the 7th Block and Gallery go out.

Tickets will be given out Saturday at noon.

A 8432, B7927

: Rep Del.
