---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '900'
image: umpire_1916_005.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' Good Words'
- ' Bellafonte'
- ' prison reform'
- ' honor system'
title: Success of Honor System at Bellefonte
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

SUCCESS OF HONOR SYSTEM AT BELLEFONTE Also at Honor Road Camp at Parkdale, Colorado Our wide awake contemporary, Good Words, makes mention of the Bellefonte construction camp and says that in a recent number of the Journal of Prison Discipline and Philanthropy there was a description of the new penitentiary now under construction by the inmates at Bellefonte, Center County, Pennsylvania. The prison is being built on an immense farm of 5200 acres, bounded on one side by a beautiful mountain to its first ridge There is a stream of water large enough to generate power for electric lighting and other purposes, while the springs from the mountain side furnish an abundant supply of pure drinking water. There is an absence of walls and no armed guards while the construction work is under way, over 400 inmates being employed. The attempts at escape have been remarkably rare. The Honor Road Camp at Parkdale, Colorado, is also very successful. According to the Yellowstone Journal, here-is a camp in existence over two and a half years with but one violation of its rules and that the theft of a package of tobacco. The punishment for this offense was to return to the State Penitentiary, and the deprivation of outdoor employment and also by the fact that the individual had thereby become "an outcast in the eyes of his fellow prisoners." It must be understood that of the population of seventy five. fifty there, are burglars and robbers. We wonder if these facts were known to the members of the American Prison Association Philadelphia, January 5, 1916 meeting at Oakland, California, in the month of October, when they heard an attack upon the extension of the honor system in state penitentiaries, delivered by Judge Frick of the Utah Supreme Court.