---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '903'
image: umpire_1916_005.jpg
issue: '1'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- prison administration
- ' prison'
title: 'Kirchwey Now Warden: Osborne Retires As Warden Of The N. Y. State Prison'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

KIRCHWEY NOW WARDEN Osborne Retires As Warden Of The N. Y. State Prison According to latest reports Thomas Mott Osborne decided early in November to retire from the wardenship of Sing Sing on December 1, but when the Westchester Grand Jury began its investigation, the Warden believed as the result of a conspiracy against him, he determined to stay and fight for vindication. It was learned recently that before Superintendent of Prisons Riley sent the charges to District Attorney of Westchester County that things were not as they should be in Sing Sing. Warden Osborne had written friends that he had started prison reform in Sing Sing and was ready to step down. With his fellow-reformer, Dr. George W. Kirchwey, holding the reins at Ossining, Mr. Osborne spent Sunday resting in his home at Auburn, preparatory to coming to New York next week for the preparation of his defense against the charges, of perjury, malfeasance and personal immorality handed up -by the Grand Jury of Westchester last week. In the meantime friends of Mr. Osborne in New York City, have completed plans for a great meeting of the prison reformer's supporters in Carnegie Hall this week. A group of prominent New Yorkers who have taken charge of the defense report offers of assistance, moral and financial, from all parts of the city and many from other States. Warden Kirchwey has taken up his duties as warden and will carry out the reforms inaugurated by Mr. Osborne. After the New Year's dinner, Warden Kirchwey made his first address to the prisoners, telling them that he was in sympathy with modern methods of prison management and that they would be granted privileges in accordance with their geed behavior and discipline. The prisoners seemed pleased with his statement and he was given a round of applause.