---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_021.jpg
---
FORD AUTO PLANT TO BE
GREATLY ENLARGED

More Than $2,000,000 To Be Expended
Will Soon Have Army Of 75,000
Employes

Late reports from Detroit, Michigan, state
that the company’s architects have drawn
plans for enormous expansion of the plant
of the Ford Motor Company in Highland Park,
which will make it three times its present size.
The announcement was made by Frank L.
Klingensmith, vice president and treasurer of
the company.

Mr. Klingensmith also stated that the large
number of advance orders made it necessary
that work on the additions and erection of new
buildings should begin within thirty days.

The cost of the enlargement of the plant will
be more than $2,0C0,000, exclusive of the price
of the 65-acre site, which is north of the termi-
nal railroad tracks on Woodward avenue, pur-
chased by the company recently. Mr. Klingen-
smith did not tell what was paid for the land.

The output, according to Mr. Klingensmith,
will be trebled, and in five years the company
will employ 75,000 to 100,000 men.

The company already has announced its in-
tention to produce 500,000 cars in 1916, and

the number of employes now is more than

30,000

The construction of additions to the factory
is made necessary by the enormous increase in
the company’s business during the last year,
the officials say.

Officials of Highland Park are figuring pros-
pective additions to the taxable property in
the village They estimate that when tl e ex-
tensions are m ule the municipality will draw
$500,000 a year from the Ford Company.
