---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '929'
image: umpire_1916_009.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison administration
- ' scandal'
- ' Thomas Mott Osborne'
title: 'Public Sentiment Forces Conspirators To Give Names: Grand Jury Withdraws Former
  Indictment Against Osborne But Will Present A New One'
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PUBLIC SENTIMENT FORCES CONSPIRATORS TO GIVE NAMES Grand Jury Withdraws Former Indictment Against Osborne But Will Present A New One Public sentiment in N. Y. State has been so aroused over the frame-up of former Warden Osborne, that those at the back of the movement are being forced to show their hand. This was not anticipated by the "gang" and they are now somewhat "at sea" as to the best move to make in order to cover up the nefarious schemes that actuated their malice and spirit of revenge in seeking the former wardens removal. That the Westchester County Grand Jury has been a pliant tool in the hands of the plotters is but too evident. To lessen the odium of their situation they have made a change of front and will divulge the source of the so-called evidence against Mr. Osborne. An indication of this is to be had in the fact that they have decided to drop the former indictments and take up a new one. The Jury will reconvene today and it is expected that they will vote on an indictment to supersede the one found recently. It now seems doubtful if the jurors will hear. It is said the new indictment, which will contain six counts under the specific heading of mismanagement, will be more direct in the accusation than the original and that certain inmates in the prison who were designated as "unknown" will be named. The conspirators have learned that inquisitional methods are no longer to be tolerated in this age and time, and the sooner they "take to the bush" to hide their dirty intrigue perhaps the better it will be for their future welfare. any more testimony.