---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '949'
image: umpire_1916_013.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' Thomas Mott Osborne'
- ' scandal'
- ' prison administration'
title: Ex Warden Tells of Prison Controversy in N.Y. State
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

EX WARDEN TELLS OF PRISON CONTROVERSY IN N.Y. STATE Mr. Osborne Makes Some Plain Statements at New Rochelle, N.Y. About Affairs at Sing Sing Prison Special To The Umpire Ex-Warden Thomas Mott Osborne addressed a crowded house at the Forum, New Rochelle, N. Y. the other evening, and electrified his hearers with some plain statements of the prison controversy now at its critical stage in that state. The following account gives all the principal points of his speech. Mr. Osborne began his remarks by saying that there had been so many rumors, so many stories told of about the condition of prison affairs at Sing Sing, that the real issues had become clouded, so that it was difficult to see the real issues on account of the cloud of misstatements. The real issue between the Governor and Superintendent Riley was due to the fact that the Superintendent had taken out of the Warden's hands the power to list them to be sent to other prisons, owing to the overcrowded condition at Sing Sing. It is beyond question that the Warden should know best who to send out and who not to send. It has happened repeatedly that after these lists had been made out and the men made ready for transfer, that Riley would overrule and change the lists, very much to the detriment of discipline and the prison system. Recently the Superintendent ordered sixty men sent away without consulting Warden Kirchway, and it was most natural that the men should think it a showing of bad faith. Following quickly upon this, Riley ordered that thirty men be transferred, consisting of the leading members of the Mutual Welfare League. Among them the Band leader, the Warden's butler, and all of his house-men, the stenographer of his office, the principal of the night school, the head waiter of the mess hall, the head of the Treasury department and both leaders of the Italian and of the Negro factions; thus crippling the working of the League. The prisoners, not being aware that this change was made by an order from Superintendent Riley, thought Warden Kirchwey to blame.Fortunately the Warden determined not to be discredited and took the matter to Governor Whitman for adjustment. The Governor seeing the status of affairs in Riley's attempt to destroy the League and override the Warden, immediately asked for Superintendent Riley's resignation, thus bringing matters to a head. Last July two clerks were sent by the Superintendent to make up the lists over my head and as a result we had the first case of suicide during my administration. This ail goes to demonstrate that Riley would leave no stone unturned in order to effect his designs. The principal charge that the Superintendent has tried to bolster up, against me was in doubling up in the cells; which in reality was the very thing that I have tried the hardest to avoid. Just think of putting a man in a cell 7 by 314 feet and expecting to reform him! The cells are damp, and most of them are imperfectly lighted. To put one man in one of these cells is a crime, but to put two men in, is a heinous crime. To relieve this condition, I took the top floor of a building once used as a dormitory and put two hundred iron beds into it. As soon as Riley heard of it, he immediately gave orders against its use, so that he could carry out his contention of my doubling up. Sing Sing is not a difficult place to escape from if one is determined to get away. For all that, only three escapes were made from there in the year past, as against an average of 9.4 for the past seven years. Under the League system nearly all favors are granted to the League, so that whatever each member does is for or against the community life at the prison. In that way the members of the League are zealous of their privileges and watch each other, so there are few escapes and comparatively few complaints or misdemeanors. This condition is about as the men would find it on the outside. Much has been printed about assaults and destruction at the prison, so I will quote a few figures. There are three kinds of lies; lies, fool lies, and statistics, and lies have been compared as positive, comparative and superlative; but worst of all are the newspaper lies. From sworn hospital records Mr. Osborne quoted these figures: Men Wounds treated With only one year in charge of the prison, I think this is conclusive proof of the improved condition among the men. What is most wanted at Sing Sing, is to be let alone by the newsparers and other outside influences. In the past the greatest problem has been to keep out liquor and dope and I am pleased to say that this has been done away with by the League, which has as high a standard of morals as anyone could wish for. Referring to the guilt or innocence of the prisoners, Mr. Osborne said he thought most all the prisoners were guilty, though possibly not of the crime for which they are serving; and he told of one man who was indicted on five charges and was innocent only of the one for which he was sent. (Continued on Page 4.) Continued from Page 1. He told of three men being arrested together. A restaurant was robbed by one of them, the other merely sat in the restaurant and knew nothing of it; while one was on the street at the time and knew nothing of the robbery. The one in the restaurant got 12 years, the one on the street got 39 years, and the one who committed the crime got really a year in Elmira Reformatory. He had a brother on the N. Y. Police force. I am a firm believer in an indeterminate sentence, feeling that for the safety of society a man should not be sent out until he is in a fit condition to be returned to society, and this would do away with so much "repeating;" 65 percent. of the present inmates are. repeaters. In speaking of punishment he said the only punishment possible was in sending a man to prison, the rest was simply brutality, and that few people are able to define either punishment or crime Time will prove that the new system or idea is the only safe one for society, as it sends men out clean of heart, mind, and body,—that fair treatment within takes away the revengeful spirit and makes them feel that society means well by them. Prisoners should be treated at least as well as your horse or cow, and we should not lock them in 15 hours every night, and all day during hot weather, or on Sundays or holidays, and expect good results. To show the different attitude of mind that now dominates the men, he told of a man who escaped recently in an auto with $150 in his pocket; but because 20 ex-convicts and members of the League told him he ought to go back, that he was hurting Osborne, the League, and the other 1600 men, he returned of his own accord. I am thoroughly convinced in the blessings of liberty so far as it is possible. Gladstone says, "It is liberty alone that fits men for liberty," and by keeping men shut up you can form no idea of what they will do when let loose. Someone then asked if rich men were allowed special privileges and he told of one man who went there in an auto, and had always had a room in the hospital, was waited on by one of the nurses, got up when he chose, had a desk office and supposed to be the Record clerk, though someone else did the work while he attended to his own private business. This man practically ran the prison; so I thought it best to transfer him, because as he said, "There was net room for us both there." Mr. Osborne concluded his address by saying that the greatest opposition to prison reform and to his system, came from five men and women who had been workers on prison reform boards, and thought they knew it all. They did not like to be told that they were all wrong in their theory; and in a revengeful spirit they took every opportunity to harass and make trouble for me, hoping thereby to justify their contentions. Mr. Osborne had the audience with him to a man.