---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '957'
image: umpire_1916_014.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- technology
- ' science'
- ' diffracting grating'
title: New Device Rivals Telescope
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

NEW DEVICE RIVALS TELESCOPE An optical device, which it is claimed rivals the telescope in revealing the mysteries of the heavenly bodies, was exhibited at the thirty sixth annual meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers held recently. Dr. John A. Bashear, of Pittsburg, in his address as retiring president, held in his hand this new device, which is called a "diffracting grating," and explained its working. It looked like a rectangular piece of metal about two by four inches long and changed color under the electric lights. The speaker said: "On the plain side of this polished plate, made accurate to one-tenth of a. light wave, or within one forty-five-thousandth of an inch, are ruled more than 45,000 lines, between which there is no greater error than one two-millionth of an inch. With this delicate piece of apparatus, made possible, first, by vigorous scientific research, second, by the skill of the artisan, © third, by a knowledge of and a vigorous care to avoid temperature changes, and fourth, by the accuracy of the mechanism, the astrophysicist has been able to tell the composition, temperature and distance of the stars. It also is possible for the physicist, the chemist, to tell us the purity of the material he is called upon to investigate; "indeed, it makes itself subservient to many phases of engineering in the domain of metallurgy." Dr. Bashear paid a tribute to the genius and skill of American engineers and said that the perfecting of the screw by Rowland, and later by Dr. Anderson of Johns Hopkins University, had contributed to the scientific mechanism which made possible the optical device that now rivals the telescope. Each astronomical device reveals new secrets of God's wisdom and power.