---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_021.jpg
---
RAILROADS TO PASS INTO
FEDERAIL CONTROL

Director Prouty Declares Private Capital
Cannot Develop Railroads at
Existing Profits

It is reported from Washington, D. @S hat
Charles A. Prouty, who resigned as Interstate
Commerce Commissioner to beccme Director of
the Commission's division of value that js en-
gaged in compiling the physical values of rail-
road properties in the United States, recently
declared that time alone would tell whether
under the present strict supervision of railroads
by the Government, enough capital could be
found for the transportation needs of the future.
At any rate, he declared, private capital would
require a larger return than bonds issued by a
Government for the same purposeand the time
would come when the people would ask whether
it would not be better and cheaper to have the
Government take over bodily transportation
facilities and then give the service directly to
the people. .

Mr. Prouty spoke before the section on taxa-
tion, finance, commerce and transportation of
the Pan-American Scientiflc Congress.

In the absence of Dr. Charles W Eliot,
president emeritus of Harvard University, Cam-
bridge, Mass, his paper on ‘‘The Changes
Needed in American Secondary Education,”’
was read.

““The most important part of Education,’’
Doctor Eliot wrote, ‘‘is the training of the
senses. The boys on the farms, no less than
those who are being trained in the trades,
acquire extensive development of the senses.
The advent of mechanical power and machine-
ry, however, has impaired this development.’”’

Doctor Eliot said this sense training should
be the prime object in human education, from
the primary to the “professional grade.
