---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '967'
image: umpire_1916_016.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- employment
title: Problem of the Unemployed
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

PROBLEM OF THE UNEMPLOYED Director Lightner Commends Activities of The Public Bureau Proper management in individual industrial plants will goa long way toward solving the unemployment problem, is the opinion of Joseph H. Willits, an industry expert of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He recommended a study of the problem in its relation to their businesses for industrial managers, in an address recently delivered at the Widener Building, in this city. Jacob Lightner, director of the Bureau of Industry of the Department of Labor and Industry, emphasized the need of public employment bureaus. "The man who comes to the office seeking a position is not the one who is down and out, the bum or the pai handler," he said. "He is not even the unemployable. The men who come to us are really the best class of persons in the city, skilled tradesmen, and their best recommendation is the fact that employers who come to us for men once, come back again and again." Mr. Lightner said his department was improving the employment agency business of the city. It had licensed 127 employment agents and had "held up for further consideration" 41 others. "The bureau," he said, "thus passed a rule that no employment agent doing business for profit shall accept one cent under any guise whatsoever from an applicant fora position until such time as the applicant has been sent to a position. And if the applicant does not receive the position. through no fault of his own, the money must be refunded in full. The employment agents in Philadelphia have been playing pretty fair with me."