---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_022.jpg
---
OUR EFFORTS FOR OTHERS

Of the many who try to make this world a
little brighter because they have passed through
it, there are always some who become discour-
aged in their efforts to cheer and help others.
Perhaps they may be tempted to think or say,
“Well, what’s the use?’’ Their best efforts
seem to be unavailing, or to make but little
impression.

The trouble lies in the fact that they expect .

to see immediate results, which is one of the
weaknesses of this age. Good works do not
always bring their proper reward in the life-
time of the sower, and but few live to see the
plans they make, come to full maturity. It is
about the same with all our efforts. Each ef-
fort is like unto a seed; we may drop one here
and another there, and so on. One may fall
upon unfertile soil and fail to take root, while
another, perhaps,
pens to fall on fertile soil and takes root quickly.
We may not see the fruit of the one which has
taken root any more than we can see the ful-
filment of our plans, but the process goes on
just the same.

Some time ago, a prominent author wrote a
book which proved to be quite a success.
Among the characters was an old Senator, who
counsels a young politician, with life in the
perspective, who was impatient to see the re-

sults of his work. The Senator is madetosay:

_““Ah, sonny, what would be the good of life if

you didn’t know you were leaving behind the
things you've dene?  Now I tell vou, son, we
are just servants of the coming generation,
that’s all. They’ll enjoy. everything we’ve
worked, thought, and suffered to provide for
them, and then they’ll work, think and suffer
for the next generation.
and there's no end.”’

The words used by the old Senator, convey
to us all the real meaning of immortality. The
work we leave behind us, not as seen in actual
results, but in the effort. The real effort is
for us; while the results are forothers. Of one
thing we may rest assured; there never was a
sincere effort made tp accomplish a worthy ob-
ject, that did not bear full fruit, at some time
in the unfolding of the world’s events.

And so it keepsgo'in,

where least expected, hap-
