---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '990'
image: umpire_1916_019.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- whatsbeingread
- ' geography'
- ' wonders'
title: Wonders of Andes and Amazon
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

THE UMPIRE WONDERS OF ANDES AND AMAZON "Three cycles ago an island arose from the sea where now expands the vast continent of America. It was the culminating point of the highland of Guiana," writes James Orton, in his "The Andes and the Amazon." "For ages this granite peak was the sole representative of dry land south of the Canada hills. In process of time a cluster of islands rose above the thermal waters. They were the small beginnings of the future mountains of Brazil. Long-protracted eons elapsed without adding a page to the geology of South America. All the great mountain chains were at this time slumbering beneath the ocean. The city of New York was sure of its site, but huge dinotheri wallowed in the mire where now stand the palaces of Paris, London and Vienna." Mr. Orton then goes onto picture how the "low, winding archipelago, the western line of the western continent," rose slowly, "by a double process. The submarine crust of the earth is cooling, and the rocks are folded up as it shrivels; while the molten material from within, pushed out through the crevices, ever flows, and helps to build up the sea defiant. wall." "Three times the Andes sank hundreds of feet beneath the ocean level, and again were slowly brought up to their present height. The suns of uncounted ages have risen and set upon these sculptured forms, through geologically recent, casting the same line of shadows century after century." "And now the Andes stand complete in their present gigantic proportions, one of the grandest and most symmetrical mountain chains in the world. Starting from the land of fire, it stretches northward, and mounts upward, until it enters the Isthmus of Panama, where it bows to either ocean; but soon resumes, under another name, its former majesty." "Nowhere else does nature present such a continuous and lofty chain of mountains, unbroken for 8000 miles, save where it is rent asunder by the Magellanic Straits." "The moment the Andes rose, the great continental valley of the Amazon was stretched out and molded in its lap. The tidal waves of the Atlantic were dashing against the Cordilleras and a legion of rivulets were busily plowing up the sides into deep ravines; the sediment was carried eastward, and spread out, stratum, till the shallow sea between the Andes and the islands of Guiana and Brazil were filled up with sand and clay.... Eddies and currents, throwing up sandbanks as they do now, gradually defined the limits of the tributary streams, and directed them into one main trunk, which worked for itself a wide, deep bed, capable of containing the accumulating flood. Then and thus was formed the Amazon.