---
author: A-8432
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '994'
image: umpire_1916_020.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' charity'
title: H. & F. Club Notes
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

H. & F. CLUB NOTES It gives us great pleasure to announce that the blind colored man B 7396, 5-Block, whom we took up a collection for in November, was granted a pardon on Jan. 21 by the Board at Harrisburg, and will be discharged sometime this week. He wishes to thank every individual who contributed to this fund, and made it possible for him to regain his liberty again. This is a "big feather in our caps" and it means considerably more to us and our cause than appears on the surface. It proves to the officials of this institution that we are living up to our Club name. "Honor" and "Friendship" and doing all we can with the slender finances at our command _ It also proves to the people outside the wall, that "prison reform" is not a theory" but a fact," and that with proper encouragement great things are possible of accomplishment. It will interest them in our work when they discover the numerous other things we have done, such as helping brother members financially when they have been discharged. In addition to that we have sent money to several destitute families of the inmates, when they were about to be dispossessed for arrears in rent, and paying the burial expenses of several of our Brothers who have passed away while incarcerated here, thereby saving their bodies from the dissecting table. We donated fifty dollars out of our treasury to the Christmas Fund, to help buy toys for the inmate's children, thereby helping to make some little heart happy. When the outside people realize this, they may help us out with a few contributions, is sadly depleted, and the "Finance Committee often sit and wonder" where they are going to get the money to pay for the "music" instrument strings, etc. for the next series of entertainments, also the base balls for the summer ball games. So when we ask you fora dime once in a while, don't be "shy" "come across" we need it, it's for your benefit. "Think it over."This week the 7th Block and Gallery go out. Tickets will be given out Saturday at noon. A 8432, B 7927 ; Rep Del.