---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '997'
image: umpire_1916_021.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- employment
title: Ford Auto Plant To Be Greatly Enlarged
volume: '5'
year: '1916'
---

FORD AUTO PLANT TO BE GREATLY ENLARGED More Than $2,000,000 To Be Expended Will Soon Have Army Of 75,000 Employees Late reports from Detroit, Michigan, state that the company's architects have drawn plans for enormous expansion of the plant of the Ford Motor Company in Highland Park, which will make it three times its present size. The announcement was made by Frank L. Klingensmith, vice president and treasurer of the company. Mr. Klingensmith also stated that. the large number of advance orders made it necessary that work on the additions and erection of new buildings should begin within thirty days. The cost of the enlargement of the plant will be more than $2,000,000, exclusive of the price of the 65-acre site, which is north of the terminal railroad tracks on Woodward avenue, purchased by the company recently. Mr. Klingensmith did not tell what was paid for the land. The output, according to Mr. Klingensmith, will be trebled, and in five years the company will employ 75,000 to 100,000 men. The company already has announced its intention to produce 500,000 cars in 1916, and the number of employees now is more than 30,000. The construction of additions to the factory is made necessary by the enormous increase in the company's business during the last year, the officials say. Officials of Highland Park are figuring prospective additions to the taxable property in the village. They estimate that when the extensions are made the municipality will draw $500,000 a year from the Ford Company.