---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_005.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

| Vor. v1

FINE BAND CONCERT
ON NEW YEAR’S DAY

The afternoon of New Year’s day was the
occasion of a fine concert on the Center, by
the E. S. P. Band, Professor A. F. Wie-
gandt leading with his customary energy and
dash. The program was especially suitable
for the occasion and enlivened the inmates
with its catchy, tuneful numbers.

A large number of visitors were present,
. and many expressions of admiration for the
clever work of the musicians were to be
- heard. Asone visitor remarked, ‘‘This has
- been a surprise to me. I never befor real-
ized that the prisoners took so much interest
in musie.”’ :

£ 25 3k

PROGRAM

Entry March Greeting to Bangor Hall
‘“‘America’’
1. Baldi March B 7621 —B 5048
2. Filomeno Overture B 7621—B 5048
3. Lamb Frolic - Fox Trot B 7621—B 5048
4. King’s Daughter’s Waltz B 7621—B 5048
5. Lazy Bill Characteristic—March B 7621
(B 5048
INTERMISSICN

.~ 6. Spirit of McKentyville March B 7621
(B 5048

7. Jolly Robbers Overture Suppe
8. Slide Bill Slide Fox Trot B 7621 —B 5048
9. Wilhemina  Waltz Hall
10. Selection Mix It Up B 7621—B 5048
‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’
Prof. E. A. WIEGANDT, Conductor

Erratum

In an article on Christmas decorations in
our last issue, credit was given inmate B
8361 for painting the shadow-box picture,
‘“The Three Wise Men.”’ Correction is mod-
estly requested by him, which we are glad to
accord the skilful artist inmate B 7648, to
whom the credit is due.

CATHOLIC SERVICES ON
NEW YEAR'S DAY

A large number of the inmates attended
the Catholic services at the prison Chapel on
New Year’s morning, it being the only relig-
ious service of the day at the institution.

The Rev. Father F. J. Scanlon, S. J.,
celebrated the mass, and delivered a fine ser-
mon to the congregation on the duties of the
members of the Church to their brethren,
and the necessity for constant endeavor to
attain the true ideal of the teachings of the
Mother Church.

Philadelphia, January 3, 1917

E. S. P. GIVES SONG
SERVICE ON THE CENTER

The last day of the old year was marked
by a well rendered song service on the Center,
at this institution, by the inmate choir, ac-
companied by the E. S. P. orchestra, under
the skilful direction of Prof. A. F. Wiegandt.

The program was selected from the popular
sacred songs of the day, and elicited con-
siderable praise from those present, espec-
ially the baritone solo by B 7962, who pos-
sesses a rich baritone voice well above the
average singer. B 6252 presided at the piano
with consummate skill.

The concluding number of the program was
the signal for Chaplain Joseph Welch to ad-
dress the assembly in a spirited and able
manner on the subject of ‘‘Moral Uplift,’’
which was puncuated by many striking re-
marks that found a ready response from his
hearers in repeated applause. The Chaplain
was followed by Warden R. J. McKenty, who
briefly outlined a few of the new bills for
the relief of the families of men serving time
at penal institutions, which are to be intro-
duced at this session of the legislature.

K

PROGRAM

1. Poet and Peasant Overture Suppe

2. Hymn 193 (R. B.) Lowel Mason
(a) —Work for the Night is Coming
(b) —Only a Sinner, (15 R. B.)

3. Hymn 226 (R. B.) A. J. Showalter
(a) —Leaning on the Everlasting Arms
(b)—All the Way Home, (31 R. B.)

4. Love’s Oracle Bohm

5. HHymn 40 (B. S.) Chas- H. Gabriel
(a) —Brighten the Corner Where You Are
(b)—The Same Old Way, (31 B. S.)

6. Hymn 273 (B. S.) P. P. Bliss
(a) —Hallelujah, What a Saviour!

(b) —The Fight is On, (103 B. S.)
7. Before the Mast March Wrightly

RELIEF FOR PRISONERS’ FAM-
ILIES SOUGHT IN NEW BILL

It has been recently announced that J. -

Willis Martin, President Judge of Common
Pleas Court No. 5, has drafted a bill for in-
troduction at the next state legislature to
authoiize Philadelphia to make appropria-
tions for the support of destitute families of
persons in prison. Representative Isadore
Stern, Penrose-McNichol flcor leader, it is
said, is to offer the bill and work for its
passage.

If enacted into law this would mark a de-
parture in the administration of justice by
the criminal courts of the city. In sentenc-

NO. !

ing convicts Judges are frequently embar-
rassed in the discharge of this duty by a
knowledge that the person is the sole sup-
port of an invalid wife or has relatives de-
pendent upon him, who become the victims
of poverty. The bill authorizes Ccuncils to
designate one of the departments of the city
government to have the control and disburse-
ment of appropriations made for the benefit
of members of families of persons sentenced
to prison who are in destitute circumstances.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

With no thought of the morrow and firmly
optimistic with their maxim, ‘‘The evils of
the day are sufficient thereof,”” (and the
same for the pleasures) eight hundred mem-
bers of the Honor and Friendship Club fell in
orderly line behind their respective delegates,
and cheerful as their condition would admit,
marched to the amusement hall. Again did
Professor Wiegandt exert himself to his very
utmost. Again did the H. F. C. orchestra
respond, and again was the step of the march
taken up by the members. The ‘‘step lively,
please,’” from the delegates or ‘‘be seated,
please,”” was met with a good-humoered com-
pliance, and the audience was quickly seated
and an expectant thrill was in the air.

The Vice-President (A 8432) gave an ad-
dress of welcome, referring to the blocks
coming out at 12:30 P. M., owing to there he-
ing a big holiday show. The show opened
with a song, ‘‘On the Old Dominior Line,”’
with slides kindly loaned by the Remick Slide
Company. Again the chorus was flashed on
the screen, and every one ‘‘made good’ with
the melody. The mighty chorus of eight
hundred voices was vibrant and inspiring, and
Professor Wiegandt became enthused and
had it repeated.

Mr. Kraupa gave us his return Christmas
present. He can’t be expected to go from
man to man and say here’s a twenty-dollar
piece, so he bunched all his presents in a
“‘movie spree,’’ and no one could possibly say
aught but ‘‘Merry Christmas; Happy New
Year.”’ :

Just think, William S. Hart in a Triangle
photoplay, ‘‘Between Men,’’ ‘“‘Fatty’’ Ar-
buckle in ‘‘Fatty’s Fickle Fall,”” and Charlie
Chaplin in ‘‘Dough and Dynamite.”” Can you
beat that feast of films anywhere? Will S.
Hart is always good, and ‘‘Between Men’’ is
among his best plays. In the most interest-
ing scene, the show was pleasantly inter-
rupted by the entrance of one of the honor-
ary members, Rev. Joseph Welch, Chaplain
of the E. S. P. He was received with a
burst of applause that showed how the hearts

~ (Continued on page 4.)

