---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_006.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 3, 1917

“The germ of greatness 1is in every man,
but we fail of arrested development.’’

PREJUDICE A STUMBLING-BLOCK

One of the great stumbling-blocks to be
overcome in life’s struggles is prejudice. In
other words the pre-judgment of others,
which is usually formed without examining
the facts, a hasty acceptance of a conclusion
withput investigating the evidence upon which
it is formed; it is allowing ourselves to be
hoodwinked and deceived, when careful re-
flection would keep us from such a mistake;
it is drinking in hearsay when proof should
be forthcoming; it is putting aside all else at
first sight, which fails to confirm our first
convictions or suit our former belief or agree
with our preconceived ideas; it is a persist-
ent hesitation to accept as true what we do
not wish to believe; a mean unwillingness to
admit that we can be in the wrong and others
in the right. Its weakness is that it con-
demns or favors upon the slightest excuse;
and embraces or rejects as it is moved by
.mere caprice. Furthermore, it is not limited
alone to persons, nor to class, sect or creed,
but is carried on to parties and systems, and
often finds an abiding-place among the most
high.

Prejudice is likened unto plants that grow
upon rocks, that seem to stick fast though
they have no roots penetrating the inter-
stices. It is a pestiferous thing that speaks
with partial accents and listens with itching
ears; it clings to that which it should not, and
lets go that to which it should adhere, and when
defeated in a fair showing, it still remains
defiant, sullen, and obstinate. A noted author
bas said that ‘‘prejudice finds nothing too low
or mean for its love, or too high for its ha-
. tred; nothing is too sacred from its attacks,
or too deserving to be freed from its slanders.”’

EVERY-DAY SAYINGS

Character talks when we are silent.

sk

The more degraded a r‘nan is the more he

is hurt by our contempt.

* *
A physical element should enter into all
affection. Even to clasp handsshould always

be a pleasure.

%
sk ES

In friendship, as in work and in play, give
and take is the great source of novelty.
*
* *
Seriousness simon-pure is a residential
state into which one relapses when one has
nothing better to do or say.

ES *

Your best friend strikes thoughts and deeds
out of you that you never knew were in you,
and that truly were not full formed in you till
your friend woke them to life.

*
E3 *

Everybody wants to be understood by some-
body; but in the natural course of events
everybody is more or less misunderstood or
distortedly understood by most of his friends
and acquaintances.

Baseball, dancing, and the drama are the
only popular arts of America today. Let us
realize that they are nevertheless genuine
arts, and plant them close beside music,
painting, sculpture, and literature.

THE “SICK” MAN

Apropos the latest ¢‘discovery’’ of crimi-
nologists and psychologists that the criminal
is merely mentally sick, and acting on the
supposition by the putting him ' through
a psychological ‘‘third degree’” to test the
theory, perhaps a few words from a patient
would not be amiss.

Taking into consideration the various fac-
tors which contribute to a criminal tendency
in people, the gentlemen are correct in their
hypotheses to only a very small extent. But
the diagnosis of the ailment by no means
gets to the root of the trouble, and conse-
quently the remedy, if there is one, can
hardly do/more than benefit the individual
rather than the the mass who suffer from
it. If the man with a:crooked brain has an
operation performed to cure him of his crim-
inal tendencies, surely it is a great step in
the right direction.

But, on the other hand, if he is a vietim of
economic conditions, of vicious and abnormal
social conditions, and of heredity, what
form of treatment must he receive to be
cured ‘and restored to that status in life
called Respectable?

Crime, vice, and disease will decrease but
slowly unless a sudden revolution of existing
conditions ocecur, and then only will the world
at large come to a realization that the so-
called “‘sick’’ man was merely a figment of
the imagination. Society in its attitude and
treatment of its members fallen from grace,
shows more visible and actual signs of sick-
ness and decay, than those whom it designates
as unclean, or for lack of a 'better word, the
criminal.

It is an inexorable law of nature that that
which fails to grow, stagnates and soon dies.

The evolution of man through the thousands .

of years of his existence point to the inevit-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. ’

able but gradual elimination of vice and crime,
otherwise thelatter would becomerampant and
mark the beginning of the end for astagnant,
perishing hum-anity.

By sending the unfortunates to prison, so-
ciety is taking a middle course which leads
nowhere. If the offender is to be regarded
as one sick, why send him or her to the cem-
etery? And that is exactly what a prison is
—the burial ground of hope, ambition and
happiness, and the birthplace of wickedness
and iniquity. As long as they are conducted
along present lines, as places of punishment
instead of institutions of education and en-
lightenment, so long will the eriminal popula-
tion continue to spread and flourish under the
gregarious and bigoted policy now in force.

To the normal eye it seems as if prison and
capital punishment is a deterrent to ecrime.
To those who have used a magnifying-glass
in the shape of a term or several terms of
incareeration, i3 given a close-up view of the
medieval and iniquitous process that reigns
supreme.

Let our theorists and so-called psycholo-
gists and other ologists begin at the bottom
and root-out the evils attendant on poor
wages, a grafting and money-loving political
system and the high cost of the necessaries
of life. In other words, wipe out the present
economic system, with its immense powers
for good or evil lying in the hands of a chosen
few, and the social and political aspects will
adjust themselves accordingly. Until that
time comes the criminal and penological prob-
lem will remain a great one. B 8162.

CUT IT OUT!

If you have a grouch that pains you,
Cut it out;
Or a habit that enchains you,
Cut it out.,
Don’t waste time in useless thinking;
You can’t cure yourself by winking.
So, just can the foolish shrinking—
Cut it out.

If you’re fond of sorrows telling,
Cut it out;

Ere you hear the chorus swelling:
“Cutiitiout

Folks are bored by all this goating

And this grief-charged anecdoting;

If you want to keep a-floating,
Cut it out.
