---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_007.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

%—w———x“\—_"bﬁﬁ_—_t

EXCHANGE COMMENTS

If a man is fit to live he is fit for some-
thing better than imprisonment. There are
lots of men, too, who are neceded vastly more
by their families than by the state.

—The Prison Monitor.

A writer in Our View Point calls atten-
tion to a well-known source of trouble in
most prisons when he says, that “‘if we (the
prisoner) had a voice in the selection of cell-
mates, many of the cases of infractions
against the rules would be eliminated. The
placing of men of diverse temperaments, of
different character and morals together in a
cell leads to more or less dissension and quar-
reling, with the result that the discipline of
the prison is seriously affected.”’

It is not hard to do good. It is much sim-
pler to do good than to do otherwise. Doing
good brings happiness, peace of mind, and
pleasure. An act of goodness goes farther
toward establicshing a man’s character than
almost anything imaginable.

. —The Prison Observer.

If you can’t get conditions to suit you why
don’t you get yourself tosuit conditions? Ifit’s
a square hole, get square; if a round one, get
round, and then go ahead in peace with your
growing inner life. You may find that the
conditions to which you had to adapt yourself
were just the right ones after all, quite
' friendly and favorable underneath their un-
comfortable feel.

Whoever is allowed always to follow the
path of least resistance will soon find any
work drudgery and any effort tiring and a
- torture to his nerves. A child who never has
received an order, but who at six years of
age has been only begged and persuaded, will
never be his own master at twenty-six. There
is no work in the world most of which is not
drudgery and an irritation to the nerves for
one who, in his time of education, forgot to
learn the joy of doing his duty.

—The New Way.

Another instance has been brought to our

attenticn that should encourage inmates of
this institution to a realization that a prison
sentence will not handicap their future suc-
cess. : -
- A former state treasurer of Minnesota, and
now serving an indeterminate sentence at
Stillwater for misappropriation of state funds,
will be made president of a new bank, cap-
italized at $50,000, upon his 'release. His
friends are busily engaged in its organization
and have selected Smith for its executive
head.

This tends to show that men sent to prison
for some mistake they may have committed
are notnecessarily condemned as undesirables,
but are often placed in greater positions of

trust than many men who claim to have never
made mistakes.

It is experience alone that helps the wise
man, who has tasted of the bitter fruits of
life, to build a stronger foundation for a
greater success. —New FEra.

ROCK ME TO SLEEP
By Elizabeth Akers

Backward, turn backward, O time in your

flight,
Make me a child again just for tonight!
Mother, come back from that echoless shore,
Take me again to your heart as of yore;
Kiss from my forehead the furrow of care,
Smooth the few silver threads out of my

hair;
Over my slumbers your loving watch keep;—
Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!

Backward, flow backward, oh, tide of the
years!

I am so weary of toil and of tears, —

Toil without recompense, tears all in vain,—

Take them, and give me my childhood again.

1 have grown weary of dust and decay,—

Weary of flinging my soul wealth away;

Weary of sowing for others to reap;—

Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!

Tired of the hollow, the base, the untrue,
Mother, O mother, my heart calls for you!
Many a summer the grass has grown green,
Blossomed and faded, our faces between:
Yet with strong yearning and passionate
pain
Long I tonight for your presence again.
Come from the silence so long and so deep;—
Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!

Over my heart, in the days that are flown,
No love like mother-love ever has shown;
No other worship abides and endures, —
Faithful, unselfish, and patient like yours:
None like a mother can charm away pain
From the sick soul and world-weary brain.
Slumber’'s soft calms o’err my heavy lids
creep;
Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!
Come, let your brown hair, just lighted with
gold,
Fall on your shoulders again as of old;
Let it drop over my forehead tonight,
Shading my faint eyes away from the light;
For with its sunny-edged shadows once more
Happily will throng the sweet visions of yore;
Lovingly, softly, its bright billows sweep;—
Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!

‘Mother, dear mother, the years have been

long
Since I last listened to your lullaby song:
Sing, then, and unto my soul it shall seem
The switt-fleeting years have been only a
dream.

Clasped to your heart in a loving embrace,
With your light lashes just sweeping my
face, ; '

Never hereafter to wake or to weep;—
Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!

Printed by special request.

PATIENT WAITING NOT IN VAIN

It is hard to say farewell to a hope that
has cheered us, unloose the clasp of what
seemed an undying friendship, ‘o see a loved
friend sail away and pass out of our sight re-
gardless of our outstretched hands and the
emotion it may cause us. Yet many of us,
no doubt, at some time in our lives, have .
stood alone and wrung our hands and wept
inwardly at parting with what would never
again come back; and still, to such as are
broken thereby, such partings and memories
are not in vain. There are things back of
us which are known only to the Power
Above, which did greatly shape our lives.
These are the faces of friends, the pressure
of their hands, the memory of a song, and
the vision of those who are no more, which
we treasure greatly; these are those with
true faith sufficiently to think that, at some
future time, the old familiar faces will again
be seen, the sweet-toned voices heard once
more, and the lost things we valued will
come sailing in like returning ships parted in
a great gale, at the grey of morn, with sails
all a-wash and fairer than when they went,
come scudding back to anchorage; patiently
waiting with watchful eyes for the day when
the sky is cleared, like some exiled one de-
tained from his loved companions, waiting
wistfully and steadfastly in the faith that
“our Redeemer liveth,”” and will come to re-
move the bars that keep us many days from
our loved ones and freedom.

—B 7401.

The great American sin of today is pro-
fanity. ‘“The use of profane language is not
confined to the street loafer, to the thug or
the sot; men who move in good society, bus-
iness men of standing and reputation, young
men and old men, and even boys of tender
age are addicted to this inexcusable habit
and sin,”’ says Thomas (Okla.) Tribune. There
is nothing more disgusting than to hear a
man punctuate his every utterance with lu-
rid oaths.

‘“‘Many a man has found out to his sorrow,’’
as the Penitentiary News says, ‘‘that woman
is a great temptation for a young man to
face in the world today,”” and according to
the belief of Jacob H. Schiff, as expressed
by him in reply to the publi¢ question of Dr.
F. W. Adams: ‘“What is the most suscept-
ible temptation to a young man?’’ Mr. Schiff
appears to have a pretty keen insight into
the follies of his fellows. Trace out the con-
tributory causes for the downfall of many
young men, and you will find at the very
source and beginning—a woman! In all the
world there is nothing more beautiful and
godly than a good woman, but, on the other
hand, there is no agency of hell so prolific of
sorrow and ruin than the woman on whom
Satan has set his seal.

Tact is the quality by which you often
please, but by which you seldom offend.
