---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_008.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

nxc The Serond Auniversary of Fonor and Eﬁr‘ipﬁhﬁhip Ahih #7.c
O B field Januaryg Gth aud 13th, 1917

(Continued from page 1.)
of the members were with him. The mem-
bers are encouraged by his presence and hope
to see him often in the future.

When the last scene in ‘“‘Between Men’’
was shown the audience was deeply impress-
ed. One scene, wherein a railroad train was
depicted bearing down on the audience, sev-
eral heads were seen to ‘‘duck,’”” and some
one called ‘‘she’s gone,”” and sure enough
there ‘‘she’” was disappearing in the distance.
Good!

The vaudeville opened with a clever dane-
ing turn by Austin and Carvin. This team
is clever and painstaking; not a point in the
dancing art gets away from them. Their
movements are timed to the instant, and
their efforts were applauded to the echo.
Three encores they received, and even then
they had to submit to two curtain-calls. The
boys don’t often see such work as this.
Thanks, Austin and Carvin.

The Ross musical act was good. His jokes
were new and good, his comedy was clean
and striking, while the musical part of his
act, was loudly applauded. Two encores and
a curtain-call fell to Mr. Ross, and our thanks
are his.

Sadie O’Neil, the Kensington Irish comedi-

enne, gave us the limit of her time. She was
booked for a performance at 3 P. M., but
could not deny Miss Mae Russell. She sang
three songs to the encores, and she was
finally permitted to leave the stage amidst a
burst of applause. Thanks, Miss O’Neil.

Ethel Earl Carvin, the burlesque queen,
came next on the program. Miss Carvin isa
character sketch artist of ability, and she
gave the ‘“‘boys’” her best. She was warmly
received, and we hope to have her again. She
was given hearly applause. Thanks, Miss
Carvin.

“The Baldwins” gave their classy turn.
This team is in the premier class. The lady
is a clean-cut classy artist. Her exibition is
perfect, and her manner while on the stage
is sweet and demure. She wins your atten-
tion and holds your interest, but she would be
lost without her partner. He supports her,
to bring the best out of her. They are fine,
very fine, and should have success wherever
they go. Thanks, ‘“The Baldwins.’”’

There have been many performers with us,
and each to their several parts were fine, but
the Rador-Bertran team surpasses anything
that we have had in their line. The lady did
tiree changes of costume, and her part in
each costume was perfect; but the man—he
is sure-enough supple. A one-handed hand-
spring was pie to him; frontor back it makes
no difference. He used his feet to take his
hat off and his toe to scratch his ear. When

he looks at you, you could not tell if he was
looking before or behind. If every bone in
his body was put together it would not make
a poodle dog growl. They brought down the
house. Thanks, Rador and Bertran.

Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline Bookirg
Company, made an address from the stage,
thanking the members for her Christmas
gift. She said, ‘‘I appreciate your gift more
than all other presents I have rveceived, and
as long as I am either"in the .business (the-
atrical) or have any influence the members of
the H. F. C. will get their show.’’” Her whole
heart was in her words when she said, ““God
bless you, one and all!”’ There’s no use in
talking, Miss Russell ‘‘is there!”” She was to
bring Mlle. Fi-Fi but could not connect. When
she (Fi-Fi) comes, look for a goodlive-wire act.

Mr. Kraupa then appeared on the stage,
with a sheet of music in his hand, but in-
stead of singing he thanked the Club for its
gift and brought word from Mr. Swaab, our
last elected honorary member, thanking us
for honoring him, and wishing the Club a
Happy New Year. Mr. Swaab donated the
picture machine to the Club. Some friend,
eh? Happy New Year, Mr. Swaab.

Jimmy, ‘““The Man in the Box,’”’ said, in a
stage whisper, ‘“We have a ‘Charlie Chaplin’
and ‘Fatty Arbuckle.” Which would you
rather have?’’ Pete (A 8432) answered in
Irish, ‘““Yes”’; so Mr. Kraupa gave us both,
and the discussion is on as to which is the
funniest. One fellow bet a mince pie against
a Dutch cake. Who will decide? Speak,
Irish? “‘Yes.”” At any rate we were satis-
fied, and with a holiday feeling the holiday
crowd went home 1?), and this ended the last
show of the year—a year of achievement for
the H. F. C., of which each member of the
H. F. C. may well feel proud. On January
4th, 1917, it will be two years since the Club
was organized, and the officers propose to
celebrate this, the second anniversary. With
this in view the request is herein made to
the charter members to give their numbers
to their respective delegates, that due honor
can be paid them in the celebration, Please
be punctual in giving the numbers.

Every seat in the visitors’ row was occu-
pied by bright sweet-faced ladies, and their
presence gave a tone to the assembly. The
Warden was present, and when asked if he
had anything to say to the members he said,
“Yes, just ask that fellow who sat with the
6th Gallery if he thinks that was the right
thing to do, that’s all. If hé is the man I
think he is, he will feel ashamed of himself
and not repeat it.”” You know who he means.
Excepting that, everything passed off 0. K.,
and the Warden enjoyed himself seeing the
members’ enjoyment.

Mrs. (Warden) McKenty, with the Ward-
en’s sister, Miss McKenty, gave us their pres-
ence, as did Mrs. R. C. (President) McKen-
ty. Miss Jennie Davy, with her lady friend,
sat with Bill, and we noted Robert, Jr., in
the hall, an interested spectator.

We are always pleased to say, ‘‘Sam was
on the job.”” When Professor Wiegandt
raises his baton our pianist (B 6252) first di-
rects his eyes toward the drum. If Sam is
there it’s all right. The music proceeds. ;

Miss Mae Russell has become interested in
a theatrical ‘‘babe,”” The Vaudeville Times,
a new publication. Mr. B. H. Cross is the
publisher, and Miss Russell will write some
interesting articles relating to ‘“The Stage
as I Knew It, and Know It.’’ There is no
doubt as to the success of the venture.

Mr. Dipple reported that he had many men
reporting to him, on parole, all doing well
and ‘‘getting on.”’

When Herbert Kraupa kicks over the
traces, Mr. Kraupa just says, “‘All right;
you can’t go out to the H. F. C. on Satur-
day. That’s all. Herbert becomes good
right away. That’s goin’ some. Bein’ good
to get on ‘‘the Hill’’!

Miss Russell was introduced to B 6765, the
member who made the medai the Club pre-
sented to Miss Russell on Christmas. He was
complimented on his workmanship Ly Miss
Russell and was pleased with her apprecia-
tion. :

The officers propose to make the second
anniversary a memorable occasion, and every
effort will be given to make it a sucecess. Let
each member give his whole interest, and
the spirit of the occasion will shine forth.
The 6th and 13th are the anniversary dates.

December 6th the 4 B, 7 G B L
5B G | '

— BY5) 0]

Rep. Dels. B 7664, 7387.

LOST—Silver Rosary, from the Chapel to
Tth Block. Name engraved on back of Cross.
Please return to B 7945, 7th Gallery. @)

ATBAREAI'—IA\I—Or;e fine Stella gilitar concert
pitch, with case, pick and instructor. Price
$4.50. B 6567, 4th Block. [1]

FOR SAI:E—Sixtéen 10-inch records, good

condition, $4.75. Also razor, $1.25. B 8023,
1st Block. (50)
FOR SALE—Solid inlaid boxes for sale;

prices reasonable.

FOR SALE-Inlaid
Prices reasonable.

B 7685, 12th Block.

(50)
boxes, lined and finished
P B 8059, 7th Block. (50)
FOR SALE—Fancy pin-cushions atﬁreasona—.
ble prices. B 7898 11th Block. (50)
ALL AILMENTS of canaries skilfully

treated and long claws cut by the Canary
Bird King, B 5575, 6th Block. (50)

