---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_009.jpg
---
B THE UMPI

VOL. V1

GOING THE ROUNDS

My, but time does fly! Ten days of the
new year licked off already.

S

Another year before the ‘‘dutch cakes”’
are passed arcund. They sure were good
this time. 5

: &
The printers are enjoying their holiday
pie—I mean the Annual Report.

S

Strange sounds are to be heardon a certain
block, apparently coming from cell 17 at the
early hours of the morning. As near as we
can make out, the cry is ‘‘I-want-to-go-
home.”’ ‘

25

The night guards are trying to ' figure out

what became of K’s 70——70 doll-a-r-s.

2F

The new tuba recently presented to the E.
.S. P. band has completely hypnotized one of
the members. He follows it around wher-
ever it goes.

S

Good weather continuing, the mason gang
will be able to make a fine showing with the
work in hand.

S

The state lesislature has adjourned until
January 22, but the new bills, in the interest
of prison reform, are safely put away in cold
storage and will keep indefinitely. Why
worry?

WANT «PEN” AS ARMORY

News reached this city, from the Mexican
~ border, that the Second Regiment of this
. city had started a movement to transfer its
headquarters from its armory at Broad and
Diamond streets to the Eastern Penitentiary.

The state in the course of the next few
years will abandon the penitentiary, accord-
ing to present plans, and build a new prison
outside of the city.

It is pointed out that the penitentiary with
some of the interior buildings cleared away
would make an ideal drill grounds. The
Guardsmen are enthusiastic for , the transfer,
having gotten the idea from Lancaster, Pa.,
where some citizens are planning to turn the
old county jail into a new armory. Itis also
stated that several members of the State
Armory Board favor transferring the Third
Regiment from its armory on South Broad
street to the Second Regiment Armory and
disposing of the old Third Regiment Armory.

~Philadelphia, Ja

191

nuary 10,

AWARD TO PLAINTIFF IN
CASE TRIED AT K. S. P.

New Compensation Ruling—Confine-
ment in Prison Does Not Bar Payment

That sentence to a penal institution does
not affect the financial compensation due to
an employe injured in the execution of his
duties, provided that the man’s physical dis-
abilities continue after his conefinement was

" the precedent handed out last week by Wil-

liam B. Scott, referece of the Workmen’s
Compensation Bureau, in the case of an E. S.
P. inmate claimant and the Adams Express
Company, defendant.

The plaintiff received injuries of the left
side while in course of his employment on
August (, 1916. On a compensation agree-
ment dated August 16, he received fifty per
cent. of his former salary every week until
December 9.

Medical testimony concurred ;in ‘plaéing
December 29 as the date on which the claim-
ant’s disability terminated. Claim was en-
tered for payment from December 9, the
date of the last payment, to December 30.
By the decision is the plaintiff awarded $5.70
per week, or half of his former weekly salary
of $11.40, from December 9 to December 30,
in all $17.10.

OVER 1,000 USELESS LAWS TO
COME UP FOR REPEAL

It is stated on reliable authority from

Harrisburg, that bills providing for the
striking off ‘of over 1,000 ohsolete laws from
the statute books of the state, are being
prepared at the State Legislative Reference
Bureau, and will probably be complete the
latter part of this month. The laws affected
are said to include antiquated penal and other-
wise useless measures that hinder rather
than further the interests of social welfare.
- During the session of 1915 an ‘‘omnibus re-
pealer’” was passed which would have taken
about the same number of laws from the
books, but it was vetoed for the reason that
there were some doubts about the procedure
in including laws of various subjects in one
repealer.

In ail probability there will be grouping of
old laws accoerding to subjects so that all of
the same class will be under a similar head-
ing. There may be fifty or sixty such bills,
all depending upon the number of bills to be
repealed. No attempt will be made to re-
peal any bills except those which have been
declared unconstitutional by the courts, which
have been repealed but not stricken from the

T

Yo

books, which have been superceded or dupli-

cated. The work is in charge of James N.
Moore, director of the bureau.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The beginning of the celebration of the
Second Anniversary of the H. F. C. was
made a festive occasion on Saturday. )

The band, under Professor Wiegandt’s able
leadership, had the opportunity to try out
their new instruments.

The parade was formed in front of the
amusement hall, and promptly at 12:45, the
band leading and playing a joy-inspiring
march, the word was given to the Vice-Pres-
ident (A 8432) and the parade started.

Immediately following tbe band, in the
place of honor, came the charter members,
with the organizer (B 5888) leading; then
followed the respective blocks, marshalled by
their respective delegates. A brave showing
and one to verify Bobby Burns’ ‘A man’s a
man for a’ that.”” Around the institution, to
finally defile into twos and, quietly and order-
ly, marched up the steps and into the amuse-
ment hall, to be greeted with a processional
from the H. F. C. orchestra, fitting music to
the hall, decorated for the occasion with
flags, bunting, electric lights of many col-
ors, and the Club’s colors, tastefully distrib-
uted throughout the hall. This work, by B
7648, assisted by B 7849, was well done.

During an intermission the Vice-President,
(A 8432) introduced the President, who spcke.
a few words of interest and then introduced
B 5888, ‘‘to whom,’’ to quote the President,
‘““the Club owes everything, for, from his
mind came the idea of the H. F. C.”” B
5888 then addressed the members with a few
appropriate remarks, among which, he said,
“‘his heart, and every interest, was for the
Club’s welfare.’”” . His words. were received
with hearty applause, which lasted urtil he
had resumed his seat. After quiet had been
restored the show was on. The H. F. C. or-
chestra, under Professor Wiegandt, rencered
an overture; then came the 'Iriangle fine
arts picture, ‘‘Double Trouble,”’ with -Doug-
las Fairbanks the feature. It was a fine
picture, in six reels, and was given hearty
applause. :

The vaudeville opened with a violin solo-
ist, who was given a hearty reception.

Then came ‘“The Musleal Seminoles,’” who
richly deserved all the applause they receiv-
ed. Their work was very good, and the
house simply went wild over them. The In-
dian costume and their original acting were
fine. 3

Davis and Williams, a eomedy. sketch

(Co;étinued on page 4.)
