---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_010.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

" Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 10, 1917

“One truth a man lives s worth a thou-
sand he only utters.’’

CULTIVATE WILL CONTROL

Will control is one of the most important
steps in a successful life. If we accomplish
that, the advance upward is assured. Many
times we are put to trial by the vexatious
little things which seem to come upon us at
the least desirable moments—moments when
our nerves are under tension from the more
serious matters in life’s duties. It is then,
as the New Way says, that ‘‘we are tested.”’

As the writer declares ‘‘a certain man’s
ways were irritating him, though there was
nothing in them of my concern.

‘I surmounted the irritation, and my will
grew thereby.

‘‘Another had a spite against me and did
me small hurts and ill-turns at every chance.

‘I forgave him and surmounted the irrita-
tation, and my will grew by yet another step.

‘“All my surroundings were repressive and
restrictive. But I could at last refuse to be
oppressed or cast down by them, and thereby
had my will grown yet further.

““I desired much that I could not attain.
But I rose in my nature beyond the desires,
banishing them again and yet again until
they returned no more. Andnow my will was
sure and promised full growth §to godliness.

“My mind was weak and unstable, but
with long effort, by day and night, at meals
and in duties, in study and in thinking, I
mastered it so that it would hold fast upon
whatever thought I would and gather for me
whatsoever knowledge I needed.

‘“And my will could now tune tight all the
strings of my nature, so that there was mu-
sic where there had been discord, and in the
peace and harmony I knew the all-presence
of God.”’

If, as some men claim, that wealth fails to
give happiness or satisfaction, why not try
the joy of sharing it with the needy—with
those who are suffering for the barest neces-
sities of life?

““‘Seek and ye shall find,’’
shall be added unto you.”’

No man of wealth need searchlong for hap-
piness; he can make it bloom beside his door.

and ‘“all the rest

THE INSTINCT TO TAKE

A writer in the New Way, who is evidently
a far-sighted philosopher of acute perception
as to the frailties of humanity in general,
has voiced his views on certain matters that
are worthy of more than passing notice.

Referring to the average man in this coun-
try and his money-making lust as above that
of other nations, the writer asserts that
“‘every man has more or less instinct to take,
on occasion, what isn’t his. In some it be-
comes rather strong and they yield to it in
some small ways. They do shadyish things.
In some it is rather stronger, and they yield
more. In some it is again stronger. They
step over a certain line, under pressure of
need or desire, make a bad break—and get
into trouble. In a few it entirely runs them,
and these are the habitual and apparently in-
curable thieves of various kinds. These lat-
ter carry to an extreme the thief instinct as
the supreme poets carry to an extreme the
poet instinct.

‘“There is much trouble and talk over the
increasing fulness of our prisons, our ever-
increasing prison population. Something is
wrong. People don’t know what. They
think the prison system or the sentencing
system or something like that is wrong and
therefore needs reform. It is. It does.
Much evil is done by present methods, and
much good will come of reform of them.

‘“‘But the trouble of increasing fulness of
our prisons wo'n’t be cured. For people
don’t see the scale, the other end of the
stick; their end. They don’t see the inevit-
able relation between the average man’s bit
of thief instinct (I am talking just now of
that line of crime only), and the thorough
thief’s big chunk of it. If they want to get
rid of his end of the stick they must get rid
of their own. Let the average man thor-
oughly clean up his own house in respect of
his bit of thief instinct, get it right out of
him, get dead honest in his thoughts and
wishes from stem to stern—and he’ll no
longer be doing his part to create that gen-
eral atmosphere in which the full-fledged
thief grows as surely as big poets grow in a
nation whose average men cultivate their bit
of poetry instinct.

‘‘Men come on earth with certain qualities
waiting latent, each man with his specially
proportioned set of ingredients. Those qual-
ities grow that find a favorable atmosphere,
poetry or thieving or money-making, or what
not.

‘““Home influence is the first atmosphere
round the newcomer. As he grows up 'and
gets out into the world he comes into the
larger social atmosphere. If the home at-
mosphere was dead right, there’d be nothing
to fear for him in the social atmosphere.

‘‘But mostly it is not dead right. The fa-
ther may think he’s setting his child a good
example all right if he just keeps a straight
course of visible conduct. But how about
the conduct that nobody sees? How about
his unspoken thoughts and instincts? They

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held'at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

make the child’s atmosphere. No words
needed. No acts. The children breathe in
the parents’ minds and get that color, how-
ever well-looking the parents’ acts may be.
Each child comes, as I said, with its nature,
good and bad mixed. It’s up to the parents
to see that the bad gets no atmosphere and
the good all the atmosphere. Then, when
they’ve done all their duty in act and thought,
if the young fellow goes wrong, it’s because
he’s willed wrong of his own free will, not
(like most astray young fellows) drifted into
it for want of right guidance and want of
right atmosphere. And no one is wise enough
to say, in any particular case, how much of
any young fellow’s wrongness was want of
guidance (for which the parents must take
the responsibility) and how much was of his
own will (for which he alone is responsible).
A higher judgment than man’s comes in there,
and a higher law than man’s—mercy und
sternness balanced on the point of real jus-
tice—must and will have the final dealing
with all of us.”’

At no distant day the instruction of society
‘‘on these points will largely come from men
who have been inside and learned and thought
what only this inside life can teach. As soon
as society is wise enough and brotherly enough,
it’ll listen to such men.”’

SAGE LEAVES

We live amid surfaces, and the true art of
life is to glide well on them

Life in itself is a mixture of power and
form, and it will not bear an excess of eith-
er.

* v %
Everything good is to be found on life’s

highway, if you look for it.
* *

*
The middle region of life is to be found in

the temperate zone
%

Why not treat our nelghbors well; as if they
were human: perhaps they are.
L *
W
All good conversation, and action, come
from a spontaneity which overlooks usages,
and makes the moment live.
* L
Let us not forget that the vari-colored
wheel mustrevolve very fast to appear white.
—The Ranger.
