---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_011.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

EXCHANGE COMMENTS

While we can not escape the past, we can
overcome it. Instead of our surrender to
discouragement, rise up like a man and say,
“I’li fight out the battle. I will meet the
influence of evil deeds already committed,
with the indomitable courage of my present
righteous resolve. For what I have done,
Nature demands payment. Very welll 1
will discharge the debt. I will pay the bill
to the last ounce of satisfaction. I will be
square—with Nature, with God, with my fel-
low-men and with myself. — Ohio Penitentiary.
News.

Living conditions become more complex ev-
ery day for the poor man who lives by the
sweat of his brow, and the half has not been
told. But it is obvious that there are all
kinds of useless hardships placed upon people
that would not exist were it not for the self-
ish greed that runs throughout the land.

—The Prison Monitor.

When you see a man of average intelli-
gence stand inside of a bar and go into vol-
untary liquidation every Saturday night,
when booze becomes so thoroughly annealed
into his life that it becomes like the air he
breathes, you can safely wager your sum-
mer’s hoarding that some day he will behold
the chalice containing the dregs of joy in the
gateway of a state prison. —The Square Deal.

SHEKELS AND HALF SHEKELS

The early Biblical reference to pieces of
silver do not in the original convey the ideas
of coins, but to weight, shekels. The Mosaic
‘“‘oblation to God’’ was a half shekel, and
the shekel is explained by Josephus as equal
to four Athenian drachmae of the value of
about 554 cents in American money.
first Jewish coinage under authority was, it
is believed, struck by Simon, the Maccabee,
about the year 140 B._C. It consisted of
shekels and half shekels. This coinage had
its value signified upon it, ‘‘Shekel Israel,”’
in Samaritan characters.

GOLD SOVEREIGNS

It was in 1817 that the gold coin known as
the sovereign was declared to be of the value
of 20 shillings. The proclamation declaring
this to be its price current was issued on
July 5 of that year. In 1489 pieces in value
of 20 shillings, ‘‘to be called the sovereign,”’
were ordered to be coined out of a pound of
gold, but by 1550 they were passed as of the
value of 24 shillings, and by 1552 they were
passed as being of the value of 30 shillings.
By the coinage act of 1870 the weight of the
sovereign was fixed at 123.27447 grains
troy.

———————————————

Divinity is behind our failures and follies
also, if we are only wise enough to recognize
it and profit thereby

The -

THE REWARD

By John G. Whittier

Who, looking backward from his manhood’s

prime,

See not the specter of his misspent time?
And through the shade

Of funeral cypress, planted thick behind,

Hears no reproachful whisper on the wind
From his loved dead?

Who hears no trace of passion’s evil force?
Who shuns thy sting, O terrible remorse?
Who does not cast
On the thronged pages of his memory’s
book,
At times, a sad and half reluctant look,
Regretful of the past?

Alas! the evil which we fain would shun,
We do, and leave the wished for good un-
done;
Our strength today
Is but tomorrow’s weakness, prone to fall;
Poor, blind unprofitable servants all,
Are we always.

Yet who, thus looking backward o’ér his
years, .
Feels not his eyelids wet with grateful
tears,
If he hath been
Permitted, weak and sinful as he was,
To cheer and aid in some ennobling cause,
His fellow-men?

If he hath hidden the outcast, or let in
A ray of sunshine to the cell of sin—
If he hath lent
Strength to the weak, and in an hour of
need,
Over the suffering, mindless of his creed
Or home, hath bent—

He has not lived in vain. And while he
gives

The praise to Him, in whom he moves and
lives,

With thankful heart

He gazes backward, and with hope before,

Knowing that from his works he never
more

Can henceforth part.
THE MOST USED LIBRARY

Close after the discovery that New York is
the greatest city in the world comes the re-
port that its public library is the most used
library on earth. Its daily average number
of readers is double that of the British Mu-
seum of London or the Bibliotheque Nationale
of Paris, according to the report for 1915,
just published, which says that 10,384,579
books were borrowed in the year and that
2,558,717 persons entered the central building
at Fifth avenue and Forty-second street. The
war has brought a greatincrease in the num-
ber of people who use the library for re-
search. It has become, the director says, an
jmmense laboratory for scientific investiga-
tion, particularly to those seeking information
regarding new industries.

SHORTEN PRISON TERM BY WORK

It has been announced that the state of
New York has considered an important pro-
posal relative to prisoners, namely, the first
offenders shall be allowed to shorten their
terms in prison by the work they do, to the
extent of ten days out of every month of
their sentence, in addition to the shortening
for good behavior already allowed by law.

This law, if enacted, will be beneficial all
around. It will give the prisoner new incen-
tives to labor. It will make a better worker
out of him. It will save money for the tax-
payer. It will restore prisoners to society
sooner, and thus help relieve the prison con-
gestion. And when prisoners return to soci-
ety they will be better fitted for the struggle
of life.

Idleness is the prisoner’s curse. The grind
of dull and hopeless employment is only a
smaller curse. The proposed plan would pay
the prisoner in time, the only coin of value
to him, and would make his work the chief
joy of his life. We hope that New York
will adopt the measure, and that every other
state will follow New York’s example.—A7-
row.

WORK THE KEY TO SUCCESS

One day last ‘October was observed as
“Fdison Day’’ at the Electrical Exposition
in New York City. Thirty-five years pre-
vious to that the great electrician announced
the invention of the incandescent light, which
has practically revolutiofiized the lighting
appliances of the entire civilized world. While
Mr. Edison is doubtless one of the foremost
inventors in the world, and many ascribe his
wonderful achievements to his great genius,
he personally credits it largely to his never-
ceasing hard work. He puts it in these
words: ““The question of natural aptitude
enters into the matter, and without it no man
can becomea star.”” Continued perseverance
is the key to success. ‘‘In the workshop of
science, the man who keeps at one thing, and
never minds the clock, is always sure to do
something.”” What Mr. Edison has so well
stated in the words quoted, may be applied,
most admirably, to the various activities of
the spiritual realm. It is the worker who,
by persistent endeavor, seeks to accomplish
the task before him, that is sure to reach
the goal and to win the prize. The “Well
done’’ of the Master is earned only by never-
flagging toil in the great world field.

I never knew a path so drear
Hope truly could not brighten it,
Nor any heavy load of fear
Mirth ever failed to lighten it.
Hence as I wander on my way
Whatever woe sits ’stride o’ me,
I’m proof at all times to dismay
With Hope and Mirth ’longside o’ me.

Ideals attained cease to be ideals; then the
distant peaks beckon.
