---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_013.jpg
---
VOL. V1

ENJOY MINSIREL SHOW

* Many E. S. P. men will be pleased to learn
that the inmates of Rock View penitentiary
enjoyed a good minstrel show on New Year’s
night, and according to a correspondent of
Center county, who was present on the oceca-
sion, ‘‘it was a success in every way.”” He
further states that a temporary stage was
erected in an unfinished building that is to be
used as one of the dining-halls, and that there
were real foot-lights, sice-lights, wings, fiies
and drops, especially painted by a scenic ar-
tist for the occasion. :

Over five hundred inmates, overseers, offi-
cials and visitors were present in the impro-
vised play-house, when the show opened, with
the Rock View orchestra playing a ‘‘Rock
View Symphony,’’ composed by a member of
the R. V. band. The stage setting had all
the appearance of the ‘‘real thing’’ as the
curtain rolled up on the opening scene, which
depicted a court scene about to open with a
case up for trials All manner of misdemean-
ants were listed on the docket, and the judge,
- district attorney, court officers and culprits
were all well suited to their parts, with the
ambulance chasing lawyer, who defended
everything in sight, as the star performer.
He filled his part to perfection, and many
wondered that such a versatile artist ever
drifted into Rock View.

A large sign was conspicuously displayed,
admonishing those present and having busi-
ness with the court, ‘‘not to spit on the floor,
but to use their pockets instead.’”” The real
““hit”’ of the performance was when the judge
quashed an indictment against a culprit for
stealing a case of beer with only nine bottles
in the box, as His Honor declared, it was
‘‘ciearly a case of nmon compos mentis for the
alienist,”” that ‘‘no sane man would steal
nine bottles of beer, when a full case of two
dozen was to be had for the taking.”’

A farce entitied ‘‘On the Border’’ followed,
with much real comedy in it, the climax be-
ing reached when ‘‘Sambo’’ dug up the ‘‘Dead
Man of Mexico,’’ Villa, and smote him real
hard, ‘‘without the aid of machine guns or a
hundred thousand strong and noble defend-
ers of the Nation.”” The entertainment was
concluded with a number of well rendered
popular songs and clever dancing by the col-
ored contingent, the versatility of which
would have passed credit to professionals.
In all, ‘‘a good show well done’” by inmate
talent evincing considerable ability to amuse
and entertain. Hearty applause resounded
through the building as the performance end-
ed at eight o’clock, and the men marched out

NEW PENITENTIARY INMATES

to quarters.

Written up and printed by special request.—EDITOR.
GOING THE ROUNDS

The cooler has been pret_ty well patronized
so far this year. This is rather hard on stock
exchange members.

. S
We are still living in hopes of the ten to

fifty cents per diem schedule being carried .

into effect. ‘‘Good things come s-1-0-w;’’ es-
pecially in a penitentiary. ’

S

There seems to be much talk on the out-
side at present about new legislation bearing
on the betterment of prison conditions, food,
ete. Let us hope it is not all smoke.

S

It is rumored that a mutual reserve bank
is to be opened when work becomes plentiful
hereabout. It’s a good idea and will obviate
the necessity of using tin cans or old socks
as temporary repositories.

S

How many New Year resolutions still stick?
One man of the Tth Block who had sworn off
on half rations of beans and pot-pie has fall-
en from grace, and is again in line for three
pans of 'beans and two pieces of p. p More
power to him.

e}v

The State Attorney-General’s decision on
back time cases has come as a source of sur-
prise to many of our inmates, but we hope
they will not consider it too seriously. Re-
member it is always darkest before dawn,
and perhaps the present legislature may do
something to brighten up matters ‘or those
affected.

GOVERNOR PARDONS 92

A correspondent, of Jefferson City, Mo.,
states that Governor Major, as one of the
last acts 6f his administration, recently
pardoned ninety-two young prisocners from

the state penitentiary.”
NOTICE

After an application for reparole or a re-
hearing hus been heard by the Committee of
the Board of Inspectors and Refused, the
Committee will not consider any new appli-
cation in the case within six (6) months from
the date of such refusal.

In all letters to the Visiting Inspectors,
you must state the full reasons for any inter-
view requested.

BY ORDER OF BOARD OF INSPECTORS.

ladl, ana§ 1, 1917

NO. 3
HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Anniversary celebration was
continued Saturday last for the benefit of
the Second Section. Everything passed off
according to schedule and the unanimous
approval of each member and visitor was
given to the entertainment and conduct of
the audience. There is no question but what
the H. F. C. is taking its place in the feature
news throughout the land, and to use Presi-
dent R. C. McKenty’s words, ‘‘Is here to
stay.’”’

To celebrate the occasion the Second Sec-
tion formed in line promptly at 12:30 noon,
and marshalled by the Vice-President (A
8432), and with the full brass band of fifty-
two pieces, under the able leadership of Di-
rector of Music Professor Wiegandt the line
of march was formed, a quickstep march
was sounded, and with the precision of regu-
lar army soldiers, each Block, carefully guid-
ed by the Delegate, in column of fours, head
erect, shoulders well back, the men took up
the step. There were men in that line, gocd
men, who may yet be heard from in the af-
fairs of the world outside. Each one can
look back on tne day of the celebration of
the Second Anniversary of the H. F. C. with
satisfaction. As they passed the Store-
House in review the Warden reviewed them,
surrounded by a body of men who in the
outer world are known as men of affairs.
One gentleman was heard to observe, “‘By
Jove! those fellows look fit to go to war.”’
““Yes,”” was the reply, ‘‘and could do some
fighting too.”’

When they swung around the walk at the
fountain the line broke in twos, keeping up
the march around the triangle, then up the
steps into the amusement hall.

Professor Wiegandt had the H. F. C. or-
chestra ready and playing a processional
march, and with a laughing reply to ‘‘step
lively, please,’” the audience was soon seat-
ed. The Vice-President (A 8432) gave the
address of welcome, and then sprung a sur-
prise, ‘Is President R. C. McKenty in the
hall?”’ Answering this call the President
came to the stage with a ‘‘“What do you want
with me?’’ look on his face. There and then
the Vice-President presented him with a
medal, handsomely engraved, a fac-simile of
the H. F. C. button. A complete surprise,
but the President was equal to the occasicn
and made an impromptu address that fitted
well the occasion, extending his thanks and
pledging his future interest in the H. F. C.
Then he itroduced the organizer of the
Club (B 5888), giving him full credit for the
birth of the H. F. C, and stating that too

(é’oﬁtinued on page 4.)
