---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_014.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

——_____————T—_——_—__—_—____—___:__—_———_———-—————___———————

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

. The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.
B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 17, 1917

_—

~ ‘““The soul strives amain to live and work
through all things.”’

THE THEORY OF LETTING GO

It was a well-known author and writer
who said: ““If you have lost youth and happi-
ness, let it go. If your friends have proven
false and ungrateful, let them go.”” Butif we
take note of the people of today, we find in
practise the very antithesis of ‘‘letting go;”’
' they are trying to get—to hold onto things
with all firmness. It matters little where
we look, the view is pretty much the same,
whether we turn to the business man, who
seeks greater business extensions, the min-
isters who are constantly reaching out for
more converts, and even the methers are
trying to get everything possible for the
comfort and inordinate wants of their chil-
dren. Everywhere the getting spirit seems
dominant. The question naturally arises as
to what it all means, this constant and eter-
nal craze of ‘‘getting’’? The solution would
seem to be that most of us are seeking for
“‘everything outside ourselves.”” And as the
story is told— ‘‘constantly seeking, and never
satisfied,”” holding on tightly that we may
be self-deceived with the idea that we have
got something worth while. If sick, we look
outside for health, and continue all along the
line looking for prosperity, happiness, amuse-
ment, spiritual consolation, and finally God’s
ministering grace. All this is to be drawn
to us—the ‘‘to have and to hold’’ attitude of
mind.

Supposing we turn back to the theory of
‘‘letting go.”” What do we find? Isn’t it
pretty certain that when we have a thing—
feel sure of a thing—we ease up, or in other
words, we let go. Surely no effort is re-
quired to hold that which is in our own pos-
session.

As an illustration. we do not try to hold on
to our youth, to friends, happiness, life, love,
etc., if they are already ours; feeling sure of
them we ease up the tension, or ‘‘let go.”’

If that means anything, it means an open-
ing up—a receptive condition of mind, and
‘that is the state we must all arrive at, if we
intend to get anything out of life. If you
are poor, and your work seems hard, you can
‘‘let go,”” and spiritual wealth will flow to

you; and the same may be said of the rich
man, if he sees the folly of continually piling
up his hoard and desires a change, he ‘‘lets
go,”” and by so doing, opens the way for the
gpiritual inflow. ‘‘Does this not clearly show
that real opulence is spiritual?’”’ If we try
this doctrine of ‘‘letting go,”” come what
may, it is simply following out the old say-
ing, ‘“Resist not evil;”’ in other words, ‘‘a
gospel of non-resistance,’”” or avoidance of
the antagonistic spirit of fighting back:
some call it revenge.

This theory is not new, nor are the thoughts
strictly original, but they are forceful and
logical. At any rate, suppose you give it a
try-out and watch the results.

A SHORT LIFE, BUT MERRY

Man’s span of life, according to the Bible,
is three score years and ten, and ir Biblical
times it was not uncommon for people to out-
live that period by many years. But the
modern tendency of cramming two days into
one has every effect of shortening this esti-
mate to about half.

The gaining of knowledge is now a matter
of cramming into a few short years, that
which formerly took years and years of
study. Commerce is transacted with no
speed limit exactions; people become million-
aires over night; distances between places
are gapped by swift trains, automobiles,
ocean liners, and aeroplanes. ‘The tremendous
pace of modern thought, action, and re-
creation, is exhilerating, and psople become
infected by its atmosphere. They become
high-strung, nervous, restless; unsatisfied
with the petty restrictions they turn to any-
thing that will supply them with a new sen-
sation. Strange gods and false ideals pre-
dominate, and amongst them ‘‘the short life
but a merry one’’ has more devotees than
an unthinking observer would think possible.

‘‘A short life but a merry one!”” What a
cruel, wicked fallacy of devilish conception—
a motto of unperceived sorrow, anguish and
punishment which must eventually overtake
all those to whom ,it seems axiomatic of all
that life should contain. They awaken final-
ly to a realization of its insidious phraseolo-
gy, ambiguous in meaning, and in reality a
hideous phantasma, the performance of
which results only in misery, torture, a men-
tal and physical paralysis and then—total ob-
livion.

““A short life and a merry one!”” How
many people are its ardent devotees; how
many are there hugging to their breasts this
fond delusion, which seems at first like a glo-
rious elixir, magically transforming every-
thing into brightness, sparkling with light
and gayety, giving forth strength, vigor,
beauty. Suddenly the wonderful elixir can
no more be obtained, and it then seems that
a horrible monster is gnawing away at their
vitals; a gnawing—body and soul destroying =
which brings the victim to a realization of
his folly; a cancer which must eat its way to
the very core of a poor earthly existence.

4

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison.
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish servicesk are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

Disillusionment reveals the vast and far-
reaching effects of something which at its
inception seemed merely a pleasant anticipa-
tion of pleasure and unconfined joy, with no
thought of any reaction, physically, menteal-
ly, or spiritually.

Scattered over this broad earth of ours, in
prisons, desolate pauper’s graves, insane
asylums, and amongst the habitat of slums
or in vicious dens of vice and crime, can be
found those who have been devotees of the
““merry life.”” Thousands of wrecked homes,
the countless fathers, mothers, husbands
and wives brought to an early grave, all give
testimony to the ‘‘merry life.”” Think of the
children born into the world with the stamp
of disease on them, malformed, sightless, and
degenerate.

The living victims are in the position to
know how short a- life it really is. Short—
on the contrary—but one long, tedious and
miserable existence—an intermittent drag-
ging of day after day, week after week.
through the years of suftfering, until finally
overtaken by a merciful death, which for
them is a relief from all the ghastly remind-
ers of a mistaken belief.

—B 8162.

SAGE LEAVES

Punishment is said to be the fruit ‘Ehat
unsuspected ripens within the flower of pleas-
ure which conceals it.

sk %

k

If you attempt to put a chain around the
neck of another, be assured that the other
end will fasten itself around your own.

* %
; *

He who treats men as mere pawns and
checkers, will some day suffer as well as
they.

sk sk
%

For all the benefits we receive we must
render again, deed for deed, dollar for dollar,
to somebody.

‘ ey Lk

Objections and criticisms are the stum-

bling-blocks for the weak and the delight of

the censorous-minded.

* *
*

So much of our time is spent in preparation
and routine, that the pith of each man’s
genius contracts itself into a.very few hours.
