---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_015.jpg
---
* A MESSAGE

To the Men at Eastern State Penitentiary—
Greeting:

It is New Year’s eve and I am
on the train at Iron Mountain en route to
Wilmington, N. C. It is the last day of the
old year with all of its mistakes, its disap-
pointments, its heartaches—and I can not
but think of you all there in Philadeiphia—
with your year of regrets, mistakes and heart-
achz2s, andsomehow I feel compelled to write

you just a little message of love and hope for -

this coming year. I heard a very good sermon
today, the text of which was, “Let thedead past
bury its dead,’” and itstrikes me as being pecu-
liarly applicable to you boys, and 1 am going
to give that text to you. As T look back to
my visit to the auditorium I can not but think
of how much splendid manhood there was
within those walls, bravely, simply and
courageously paying the penalty for their
misdeeds to their fellow-men—to society, but
most of all to their own splendid manhood.

[ saw men of you there with brilliant minds
—men of you there with lovable natures—men
of you who- can and will yet accomplish
much that is worth while—but you must first
bury your dead. You must bury your enmity,
your hatred, your sense of any injury done
you. You must blot out the past of your
life and starta new life from today.

We have all made mistakes. The man who
" claims himself sinless is a liar and a hypo-
crite, but it is the man who takesthe punish-
ment of his sin as a man who after all is
really worth while. ‘‘Let the dead pastbury its
dead.’’ Start the New Year witha clean slate,
cleanse your heart and strive to be worthy of
the best within you. We can be what we
. desire if we will work for our ambition.
Through the many weary, lonely hours just
have a little heart to heart talk with yourself,
find out honestly what kind of a chap you
really are—then getright down to hard pan
and start in making yourself into the kind of
a chap you would like to be. Just concen-
trate on that one idea ‘I am a man with a
man’s talents—a man’s abilities—a man’s
ambitions, and I will accomplish something
worth while. I will prove to myself that I
am man enough to profit by my mistakes and
will succeed- in spite of them;’’ but, dear
boys, unless you also have the simple faith of
your childhood, success and all will avail you
nothing.

Don’t expect a change of faith all at once
—you have got to earn it by degrees; but do
your best and tryit. I wish you would make
the effort and that you may have the real
happiness and practical help I get every day
from doing God’s will. Why, men, I never
make a speech but that I ask God to inspire
me, and sometimes I do not know a word 1
am going to say until I get started.

Try my God and your God, please. Just
give him a fair trial—just be judge and jury
and just try out the case—yourself.

““Let the dead past bury its dead’’ and live

THE UMPIRE

for the future and for the best of the man-
hood within you—with God’s help and direc-
tion.

I send my very best wishes and greetings to
you my brothers, and hope this New Year
will mark an epoch in the life of us all, for
better living and a greater realization of the
wonderful powers within ourselves, if we but
trust in our Maker.

Trusting that God will bless you all I am

Sincerely yours,
: RoSE E. TAPLEY.

*This communication was not received in time for last
issue. —EDITOR.

DESTINIES OF LIFE

Know well, my soul, God’s hand controls
Whate’er thou fearest,

Round Him in calmest music rolls
Whate’er thou hearest.

Man sees no future—a phantom show
Is alone before him;

Past time is dead, and the grasses grow
And flowers bloom o’er him.

The present, the present, is all thou hast
For thy sure possessing;

Like the patriarch’s angel, hold it fast
Till it gives its blessing.

Like warp and woof, all destinies
Are woven fast,

Linked in sympathy like the keys
Of an organ vast.

Pluck one thread, and the Web ye mar;
Break but one

Of a thousand keys, and pammg jar
Through all will run.

And in life, in death, in dark, and light,
All are in God’s care;
Sound the black abyss,
night,
And He is there.
—John Greenleaf Whittier.

pierce the deep of

ARGENTINA’S CAPITOL

Buenos Aires is to Argentina what Paris is
to France, says a writer in the Geographic
Magazine. The center of the national in-
dustries, thought and culture. Commerce,
journalism, polities, the drama, musiec, liter-
ature, art and social life are intensely fo-
cused there. The brilliant activity of the
greatest city of the southern hemisphere (the
fourth city of the Americas after New York,
Chicago, and Philadelphia) draws the Argen-
tines to it as a flame attracts moths, and one-
fifth of the population of the country strug-
gles there in feverish competition for pleas-
ure and gain.

No traveler to the southern countries but
stops as lorg as he may in. Buenos Aires to
enjoy or to study the most cosmopolitan, yet
most Latihize@, of the Spanish-American
cities. The metropolis is at once the heart
and the brain of the country.

If you are slandered, let time vindicate
you. Silence is many times better than ex-
planation.

3

SWEARING ON THE BIBLE

The method of swearing by the Bible came
into use at a very early period, practically
with the establishment of courts of law
in Christian countries. It was the ordinary
method of swearing when America was set-
tled by Europeans and was naturally adopted
here. Oaths were common before the Chris-
tian era, and any form may be used that
conforms to the religious belief of the person
to be sworn. Hebrews are often sworn on
the Pentateuch, keeping on their hats, and
their oath erds with the words, ‘‘So help me,
Jehovah.”” A Mohammedan is sworn on the
Koran.

SPLIT PEARLS

An old Persian fable of the Caliph and his
faithful servant is retold by a well-known
writer in the Argonaut.

The most beautiful of all Persian fables,
perhaps, is called ‘‘The Split Pearls’’ and re-
lates how the couriers of a certain,caliph
marveled at his choice of an Ethiopian slave
for his constant attendant and at the high
honors he bestowed on his fellow, who had no
special distinction of beauty, strength or
grace. Thereupon the caliph told them that,
though the slave’s features were not fair,
kindness beautified them.

Once, when a camel of the caliph’s train
tripped in a narrow street, a casket fell,
broke, and rich pearls fell everywhere. The
caliph nodded to his attendant slaves to pick
them up for themselves, and they allrushed to
pick up as many as they could.

One alone remained behind the caliph, the
Ethiopian, who did not move. Turning to
him the caliph asked him what he was doing,
lingering there, and received the answer that
his duty was faithfully to guard his master,
and he had sufficient reward in doing that.
No one could be called a faithful servant who
forgot his.duty to his master for the sake of
the gifts his master gave.

““Therefore,’’ said the caliph, ‘I keep him
at my side, for he has shown himself to be
possessed of the brightest jewel a man can
possess, the jewel of faithfulness.”’ ;

CITY IS SELF-CONSCIOUS

The city life is conscious of itself, the
small town life itself is not, asserts Seymour
Deeming in the Atlantic. An army of fairly
competent minds is busy interpreting the
life of the city to itself, and this so thoroughiy
that not a teamster or ribbon-counter clerk
of the urban lot but has his spokesman in the
public prints and partakes somewhere of the
typical.  And the sales person who has once
seen sales people elevated to the rank of
printed or acted comedy or tragedy is con-
scious of a new sense of personal consequence
which years of obscurity are powerless wholly
to erase. To have had one’s social setting
touched by the wand of art is to have shaken
hands with a celebrity; life is never afterward
quite the same drab commonplace.
