---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_017.jpg
---
i

T
. SACRED SONG SERVICE
* ON THE CENTER

A well rendered song service was given by
the members of St. Philips’ P. E. church
choir, on the Center, at this institution on
Sunday last. The program consisted of a
tuneful array of sacred song well calculated
to please and impress the inmates.

The singers appeared to be in good voice
and evinced a clever degree of fine shading
in the various parts calling for careful ex-
pression. In all, a pleasing afternoon of
song, and we hope for an early return of our
entertainers. :

Starts in at an FEarly Age

A Baltimore correspondent tells of a twelve-
year ol¢ Phils delphia lad, who czawled intc a
freight car and ‘‘beat’” his way to that city.
He ran away from home last week and when
found was cold and hungry. The police no-
tified the Philadelphia ‘authorities, and the
boy’s parents will go after him.

Sunday Called “Greatest Showman”

When the Associaticn of the Gutdoor Show-
men of the World was organized a few weeks
ago «Billy’’ Sunday was extended a cordial
invitation to be present. In his letter of in-
vitation Frank P. Spellman said: ‘“We would
like to have you with us, for we believe you
are a greater showman than any of us.”’

Shoes Too Dear; Will Wear Sandals

Footwear styles of ancient Greece may be-
come the fashion in Burlicgton coun’y next
summer, as granges and farm clubs are dis-
cussing the increasing price of shoes, and
shoe dealers have been asked to ascertain the
cost of sandals. The sandal can be worn
without hosiery and effect a further saving.
Advocacy of the idea is not confined to the
sterner sex.

Some One Switched His Brand

Shooting at the chandelier in the room
which Harry K Thaw occupied before his
arrest, a detective of the Val O’Farrel
Agency, named Kelly, sent a frantic call for
help early the other morning to the police,
who found him half uncorscious from hysteria.
The man had been detailed to guard the
apartment, ard his vigil wore ¢n his nerves.

Pitisburg Talks to Nauen, Germany

Wireless telegraph operators at the Car-
negie Technological Institute talked with the
German stations at Nauen and Eilvese Satur-
day. The distance from Nauen to Pittsburg

is 3980 miles. Messages passing between
wireless statiorns in the Central Empires re-
lating to troop movements and diplomatic
conversation were heard. ;

PRISON INVESTIGATION BY

i

NEW JERSEY’S GOVERNOR

It is publicly announced that Governor
Edge will institute an inquiry into state in-
stitution methods at an early date, although
it is contended many of the charges respect-
ing conditions and methods at the state pris-
on in Trenten have been slightly exaggerated
or shown to be unduly enlarged upon. Re-
cent disclosures, both official and otherwise,
are said to have demonstrated that the insti-
tution is far from being as it should.

Without prejudging the charges and coun-
ter-charges involving the various branches
of the prison management, Governor KEdge
made it plain that the whole subject will re-
ceive his early and ezrnest attention. While
it is not the immediate puipose of the Gov-
ernor to force a one-sided investigation of
the prison management, still, it is expected
that whatever is undertaken will-be followed
out in a most searching and thorough man-
ner. Itis expected that this will disclose

. the actual seat of the trouble, and will event-

ually lead to the adoption of such measures
as will result in the enforcing of modern re-
form methods.

A NATIONAL MUSEUM TO BE ES-

TABLISHED AT INDEPEND-
ENCE SQUARE

It is announced that Independence Hall, to-
gether with the east and west wings of the
historic structure, old Congress Hall,
old City Hall and the whole group of build-
ings between Fifth and Sixth streets on
Chestnut street, is to be converted into a
great national museum.

A ordinance was recently introduced in the
State Council, by William J. Harrington, to
devote hereafter the historic structures to
museums of national records and relics. The
ordinance, which was drafted by Director
Datesman, of the Department of Public
Works, also provides for better safety and
care of the venerable structures and repeal
of all former legislation giving special priv-
leges to patriotic and other organizations to
occupy certain parts of the buildings and
hold meetings therein.

Under the terms of the ordinance, which
was referred to the Committee on City Prop-
erty, the following museums are to be es-
tablished:

Independence Hall—A national portrait
gallery.

East Wing— Miscellaneous museum of Rev-
olutionary relics.

West Wing— Miscellaneous museum of Co-
lonial relics.

L

NO. 4

Congress Hall—Museum covering the ori-
gin of American government and national
expansion to 1800. '

Old City Hall—City museum of relies and
records from the earliest times to the conSol-
idation of the municipality in 1854.

Religious Services at the E. S. P. Chapel

On Thursday morning last Episcopal ser-
vices were held at the prison chapel, the Rev.
Joks Faylor. officiating. Communion was
administered to the inmate members of the
church and some visitors who were present.

Confirmation instruction was given to a
large class in the afternoon, an edifying
sermon on ‘‘Spiritual Rewards’’ following.

GOING THE ROUNDS

Well, we are over a month past the short-
est day in a year.

%

Speaking of ‘‘leaks,”” Washington hasn’t
anything on this place. The smallest drop
soon becomes a puddle.

¥ *

*

It beats all what a lot of mental acumen
is going to waste in prison. As socon as bus-
iness men realize this there will be a great
de Hush! here comes those high-
brow kids. Nothin; doin’._

*
It is true that one may learn a little every
day, but in many cases it would be as well to
forget most we learn here.

sk - sk
If the man who pragtises on a brass horn
could only hear himself as others hear him

‘perhaps he would go hang, >
=~ *

Say, there is a lot of wise guys in here, for
sure. ‘‘Yes,’’ as thesage remarked, ‘‘they
put the I in prison.”’

e

Have you ever noticed the average argu-
ment to be heard hereabout usually leads to
what Tom said, that Jim said, that Jerry
said he got it from Baron Munchausen?

S £

It is said to be noted that a restaurant at
Eddystone has been broken into twelve
times in the last eighteen months. :

No doubt this is rather aggravating to the
owner, but he should bear in mind that per-
haps he is helping to fill a long felt want of

the recently liberated.

£ ¥
%

An inmate was heard to remark that he
¢¢didn’t mind doing another a good turn now
and then, but it got his goat when he’d done
several for a fellow, and then to have the
shrimp ask half a pound for the slightest

“favor in return.’’
