---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_018.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

R —
—_—

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
 who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

Bk7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 24, 1917

“Humanity wants help, the help of strong,
sensible, unselfish men.’’

TO ABOLISH PRISON CELLS

Without doubt the subject of modern pris-
on legislation has taken strong hold upon the
public mind, as was amply demonstrated re-
cently, on the occasion of a meeting, held at
one of the city’s largest play-houses, by the
Pennsylvania Reform League, when over two
thousand people were unable to obtain ad-
mission, owing to lack of seating capacity.

The keen interest evinced by Philadelphia’s
citizens in the care and housing of state pris-
oners and others dependent upon the state
for maintenance and correction, has been well
reflected in the attitude of the local papers
toward this important subject, as voiced by a
writer in the Inquirer, who says:

‘“‘Acting upon the principle that reform
means expansion and development, the trend
of modern penologists is all in favor of indus-
trial farms rather than prison cells for
offenders against the laws of society. In
line with this idea speakers at the Pennsyl-
vania Prison Reform League have been ad-
voeating legislation for the purchase of six
industrial farms for convicts, the unlimited
employment of prisoners in producing articles
for state institutional use, and fer permission
to prisoners to work out payment of court
fines by instalment.

‘It is a pleasure to commend all of these
suggestions, and it is gratifying to know that
in their substance, at least, they meet with
the favor of those who have the best inter-
ests of our penal institutions in view. They
are so good that it is to be hoped they will be
placed before the legislature in a concrete
form and pressed to passage.

‘““The warden of a Canadian prison, who
spoke before the conference, said that what
most convicts needed was guidance rather
than guns, and patience instead of powder.
At the Ontario Reformatory there are a pris-
on-planted orchard, a dairy and an abbatoir
where the meats for the state institutions
are dressed. Prisoners who were victims of
the drink habit are allowed to work for local
farmers and support their families better
than when they were free.

““It is truly said that more persons go to

prisons as the result of weakness than of
wickedness. This is a fact that should be
kept constantly in mind. It will solve many
a problem in penology. Many of these con-
victs are such because of lack of home disci-
pline. Many of them are what they are be-
cause of mental, moral and physical condi-
tions over which they had no control. Most
men will improve and thrive under decent
treatment. There may be, and probably are,
exceptions, but it is safe to say that the ma-
jority of the convicts in Pennsylvania today
would be better men on industrial farms than
they are in the cells of crowded city prisons.
“Fortunately the advocates of a more hu-
mane system of prison life are alive to the
importance of this subject. We have already
had much legislation in Pennsylvania affect-
ing the prisons, and it is to be hoped that
the near future will find this state ranking
foremost in modern prison penology.’’

WELCOMING GOVERNOR COX

It is an old saying that human nature is
pretty much the same the world over. This
applies to those serving time at penal institu-
tions, as well as to their brethren of the
outer world.

If we show interest or sympathy in the
welfare of others, the same will be reflected
in their attitude toward us. If, on the con-
trary, we are cold or indifferent to our neigh-
bors, they will show a like spirit in return,
demonstrating the law of compensation that
we receive as we give, and in the long run
things are pretty evenly balanced as we near
the end of our earthly career.

It is safe to assert that among our adult
population there isno class so sensitive to
sympathetic interest in their behalf as the
men doing time for infractions of the law.
This seems clearly proven by the apparent
joy with which the inmates of the Ohio Pen-
itentiary welcome the former governor to
office; as the Ohto Penitentiary News says:
““We deem it eminently proper to comment
on the return to power of James M. Cox,
Governor of Ohio. In so doing, we sincerely
believe we are going entirely out of the do-
main of politics. To the inmates of the Ohio
Penitentiary, Governor Cox is more than a
governor. He is a friend. He was their
loyal friend throughout the two years of his
former administration He has been a friend
of unfortunates generally more or less all
his life. And he is their staunch friend
now.

‘““The prisoners here have the supremest
faith in Governor Cox. He requiresno intro-
duction. They remember him for what he
has done for them, and for the things he
would have done if his administration had not
been terminated when it was. They know
from past experience that his great heart
beats in sympathy with their needs. They
know from his splendid record of constructive
achievement he will deal wisely and justly by
them now.

““For these reasons, we feel assured we are

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

violating no rules of political neutrality. And
for these reasons we take a pardonable pride
in being the medium to extend friendly greet-
ings to Governor James M. Cox—greetings
which represent the sentiment of the vast
majority of our prison brethren.”’

COUNTRY WILL RULE

Discussing the liquor question a writer in
the Portland Telegram says, that ‘‘because
t12 saloon ca1 not bz raformed from the in-
side, and because its menace-to society is
steadily increasing wherever it is allowed to
exist, Prohibition sentiment is bound to
grow. States which have no cities of half a
million population or over will go dry soon,
say within four years; some of them in No-
vember next year. It will not be long, at the
present rate, before the country districts will
vote the big cities dry.”’

SHOULD BE ENOUGH FOR ALL

One important thing that is impressing it-
self upon leading business men is the neces-
sity for co-operation among the countries of
the world, says a writer in the Monitor.

It is particularly necessary inall trade
relations, if the most desirable results are
to be obtained. Friction, in all activities, is
costly and unnecessary. When mankind
learns that there is trade enough for the peo-
ple of all nations there will probably be no
more wars, and some day this fact will be
generally understood. :

WELL, WHY IS IT?

A prominent writer asks, ‘“Why is it
when you are in a hurry, that—

““There are no means of locomotion in
sight?

‘““You haven’t any change?

““Every one bumps into you?

“You remember you have left the front
door open?

‘“All the streets are blocked?

“The last train has just gone?

‘“You are held up by some bore?

‘““You see the most beautiful girl in the
world?

‘““Your watch is wrong?

~ The other person is late and you are kept
waiting an hour?’’

2
