---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_020.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES

The members formed in line promptly at
12:30, noon. First came the hospital (3rd)
block, who from courtesy and consideration
is to have the choice of seats. Remember,
boys (others), that applies only to our sick
friends, so keep off. Then in double file
came the members of the 1st Section. You
could hear the query from one to the other,
““Who’s this girl, Mlle. Elba? What kind of
an act does she do?’”’ “‘Just wait!’”” was the
reply. And so, with their interest whetted
up, they came in the amusement hall, a body
of men willing to be pleased, with a hope
for the very best to be had. And they got
it—the very best there was. First, Director
of Music Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, turned loose
a burst of harmony in Mendelssohn’s proces-
sional, a march rarely attempted; but the H.
F. C. orchestra was equal to it, and none
had a criticism. The Vice-President (A 8432)
gave the address of welcome, bidding every
~ one to enjoy himself. The orchestra gave
an overture, and the show was on.

The film, ‘‘Jordan is a Hard Road to Trav-
el,”” appealed to the audience in many ways,
and stirred the blood at times. Then gradu-
ally the sentiment insinuated itself when the
Adam’s apple was hard to swallow, and then
the satisfaction that the matter ended the
way you’d have it end.

How does Mr. Kraupa know the wants of
the H. F. C. audience? Each picture he has
given us had the situations in them to make
the blood quicken and just .the amount of
moral to cause the thought, right is right
because it’s right. Leave it to Mr. Kraupa.
He is ALL RIGHT.

While the picture was being shown the au-
dience was given a surprise and a treat.
Suddenly the sweet, plaintive notes of a cla-
rionet, appealingly and clear, then its fellow,
joined in, and B 6244 and B 8099, accompa-
nied by B 6252 on the piano, gave a clarionet
duet rendition of ‘‘Lucia di Lammermoor’’
that was good, and pleased all who heard it.

The vaudeville opened with Ollie White,
and the splendid music she produced on her
violin pronounced her a past mistress of the
instrument. After two difficult and pleas-
ing scores she was joined by her husband,
and they gave the audience a chance to note
professional violin played by professional
violinists. Splendid does not express this
act; it was a point better. The applause
was great, and on the encore they did a clas-
sic feature. Two encores and three curtains
they answered.

Many H. F. C. members recognized Hugh-
ey Connelly when he came on in his singing
and dancing act. His monologue was rich in
good jokes, but the audience was quick to
catch the point amd gave him hearty ap-
plause. .As a dancer he certainly shines in
the star class; it was almost impossible to
keep run on his feet. He sang-a song that
combined a line of the words and music of
each of the popular songs, and when, with

THE UMPIRE

no warning, he would change from one song
to another, he came near finding the Club
pianist’s (B 6252) goat, but Charlie held on
to the horns, and got on, and rode them with
bells. The applause was deafening.

Marie Dolan, a juvenile artist, and a dear,
sweet little miss, gave us the next act; a
sweet singer with a very good act. Her
dancing was very good. She submitted to
two encores and three curtains, and the au-
dience was not half satisfied.

Cooley and Snyder made a hit. His make-
up just forced a laugh, and as a buffer to his
eccentricities Miss Cooley was sweet and
dainty, and with her sweet voice and dainty
manner made the act good and enjoyable. A
fine act by fine artists. Two encores and
three curtain-calls were theirs, and richly
deserved, too.

Our Indian friends, ‘‘The Musical Semi-
noles,”” made gocd their promise to come
again. ‘‘Melec Alee Bushwa’’ said the ‘‘Big
Chief,”’ and the ‘‘papoose’”” said ‘‘Bushwa.”
That means anything you will have it, but
they were happy and so was the audience.
Difficult as their performance was they kind-
ly repeated an encore and answered as long
as they possibly could.

The H. F. C. extends the pipe of peace,
“‘Big Chief,’” and a vigarette to ‘‘papoose.’”’

Miss Mae Russell came on the stage to in-
troduce Mlle. Petite Elba, the world’s great-
est juvenile artist. Some name for such a
dear little person to carry, but she holds it up,
and makes good. Again was the youngest
member of the H. F. C. (younger even than
Pete) on the stage with her inimitable act.
From her dainty song ‘“What’s the use of be-
ing good, nobody seems to care,”’ to her im-
itation of Charlie Chaplin, she went through
her reportoire and the clever little artist had

such a cold that she could not give her per-

formance on Saturday night, but the brave
soul said, “‘I just mustgo outtothe H. F. C.”’
The Vice-President (A 8432) presented her
with a medal, the work and gift of B 6764,
one of the skilled silver workers of the H.F.
C., who made and engraved the medal. She
was very proud as she left the stage, to
quickly return and thank the Club for the
box given by them last week. Afterward
she presented the sergeant-at-arms (B 7495)
with her autograph photograph. Long life to
you, Mlle. Petite Elba; may the love for your
clever performance, and the reverence for
your dainty sweetness, be the means of mak-
ing the members of the H. F. C. better men
for your coming.

The ‘‘Bath House Blunders’’ was the clos-
ing film on the screen. ““Fatty’” Arbuckle was
there. He was asleep, but the antics of the
rest of the bunch were comie and mirth-pro-
voking, and sent the audience home (?)amus-
ed and of one mind. ‘“This 2s the best show
we’ve had yet.”” But how can that be? Miss
‘Mae Russell and Mr. Kraupz are notdead yet
and are our friends.

““The Man in the Box”’
did well today.

and  &Doe.s Birdz
Baked potatoes is the rea-

son. Where was Herbert? It is encourag-
ing to the members to note the array of visit-
ors—the indications of their confidence in
the members and preference in giving
their presence to the entertainment instead
of spending their afternoon amid different
environs. The members thank them, and
urge that they continue to grace the hall with
their presence.

Mrs. R. C. (President) McKenty, with
Miss Edith Ferris and Miss Kennedy, were
there, as was Miss Elsie McKenty and Miss
Jennie Davy, with a lady friend.

The members were quick to note Inspector
Horstmann and appreciated his interest.

The absence of the Warden was noted with
regret. He sent word that if he” could pos-
sibly get out he would be there. The mem-
bers of the H. F. C. never lose sight of the
fact that to the Warden they owe all the
privileges that are enjoyed and hope that he:
realizes that the privileges are appreciat-
ed.

The President (Mr. R. C. McKenty) had
full charge, and =aid that the conduct while
in the hall was all to be desired.

Mr. R. H. Cross and son, of the Vaude-
ville Exchange, and Miss Catherine Graham
were guests of Miss Mae Russell and the H.
NG

Miss Russell left some copies of herinfant,

The Vaudeville Times, which will be dis-
tributed as far as they go. It’s good read-
ing.

The Club welcomed Mr. Robert Myers and
Mr. Thomas Collins, two gentlemen who by
their presence indicate a u‘lendlmass for the
H. B @

Notice—It must be distinctly understood
that each member upon leaving the amuse-
ment hall must go -directly to his cell. No
loitering in the yard will be tolerated. A
breach of this rule will call suspension with-
out further warning.

By ORDER OF THE PRESIDENT.

Znd Seec. » Jan 20 1917510 8BN6 =B SO G IR
B; 9B 1B 122 G 1 218G L2 SIS

— B 75/2.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 31d Blonk

FOR SALE — Clothes-bruahes halv‘—bvushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 3be = to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th BLOCk (**).

POR SATVE Good mandohn in fine condl—
tion. Price, $2.50. B 7599, 4th Block. (4)

FOR SALE—Inlaid combination jewelry box
and cushion; workmanship good and prices
low. Call zmd see me. B 7200 11tlﬁ Blokk (4)

FOR SALE Scalfs shawls and tidies, made
of the best Germantown wool. Puceb rea-
sonable, Q 7003 Tth Block (4)

FOR SALE Flne intaid boxes Prlcesr rea-

sonable. Also boxes, lined and polished. B
6523, 7th Blwl\ (4)

LOST —Yale Tock key, somewhere in the
yard. Please return to B 8085, Fifth Gal-
lery. (3)

