---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_021.jpg
---
"THE UMPII

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, January 31, 1917

NO.

5

SONG SERVICE BY INMATE
CHOIR AT E. 5. P.

The inmate choir, assisted by E. S. P. or-
chestra, gave a fine song service on the Cen-
ter, at this institution on Sunday afternoon
last, under the able direction of Professor
A. F. Wiegandt..

The program consisted of a number of pop-
ular and melodious sacred songs and several
tuneful orchestral pieces well calculated to
please those in attendance and the inmate pop-
ulation.

Chaplain Joseph Welch’s short address to
the men completed a most pleasurable after-
noon of entertainment.

- b3 * b3
PROGRAM
1L Baracarole From Tales of Hoffman

_ : Offenbach

. Hymn No. 131 (R. B.) Tourjee
(a)—There’s a Wideness in God’s Mercy
(b)— Hark! Hark! My Soul (176 R.B.)

. No. 168 (R. B.) J. E. Delmarter

(a) —Trust the Saviour!

(b)—Bringing in the Sheaves, (235 R. B.)
In Poppyland Caprice Friedman
Hymn No. 68 (B. S.) J. B. Herbert

(a)—I’m a Pilgrim '

(b)—The_ Touch of His Hand on Mine

92 B. S.)

. Hymn No. 105 (B. S.) Mrs. C. H. Morris

(2) —The Hallelujah Song

(b)—A Glad Way Home (123 B. S.)
Festival March Bathmann

A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor

Piano used was loaned by James Bellak and Sons.

GRAND JURY INDICTS FOUR POLICEMEN

The Grand Jury indicted four policemen on
Friday last, for ‘‘beating up’’ two helpless
prisoners on Thanksgiving Day.

The prosecutors are Ivy Harris, a sailor on
the battleship South Carolina and Walter
Hildebrand, an employe of a powder plant.
After their arrest they allege that they were
beaten in the station house. The policemen
were held under $800 bail for trial.

JUDGE SAYS PRISONS ARE BARBAROUS

1In a recent sddress to the members of the
Center County Association of Philadelphbia at
their annual dinner at the Hotel Adelphia,
Judge Raymond MacNeille of the Municipal
Court, declared that the time is now ripe for
a second Harriet Beecher Stowe to write an
¢;Tacla Tomn’s Cabin’’ on barbarities in Amer-
icaa prisons, and that citizans should - wake
up to the glaring necessity of a radical
change from present methods of handling
prison inmates. '

CAUGHT AFTER TEN
YEARS LIBERTY

A rather remarkable story came to light
recently from Austin, Minn., telling how for
more than ten years Wenzel Kabat, an es-
caped convict, fought to rehabilitate himself
as “William Coles.”” So successful were his
efforts that he twice obtained nomination as
a candidate for the state legislature. Now
he is on his way back to the state prison of
Wisconsin to finish his life sentence as the
convicted murderer ten years ago of G. Mec-
Carthy, a farmer.

Kabat came to Austin less than two years
ago and established a tailor shop. Later he
became employed in a packing plant. The
son of the owner, glancing through an old
pamphlet of ‘‘men wanted”’ recognized his
photograph as the picture of ““William Coles ”’

GAME OF CARDSSENDS10 TO
HOSPITAL AND 15 TO JAIL

- hand is doing.

It proved a costly game of cards when a
‘marked’’ deck was found to be in play in a
poker game at Shire QOaks, a railroad junc-
tion near Monongahela, a riotresulted. State
police, railroad detectives and Monongahela
constables were rushed to the scene in an
engine.

Fifteen arrests were made, while ten others
went to the Memorial Hospital, Monongahela,
to have their injuries attended. Three men,
who were strangers in the motley array,
were charged wich having placed the ‘‘mark-
ed’”’ deck in play.

Alderman Elwood, of Monongahela, commit-

ted the prisoner.

Prison Guards Disturbed by Strange Sounds

It is said that thereisa ventriloquist among
the inmates at the Federal prison, Leaven-
worth, Kan., and that he has the night guards
in a state of high nervous tension. So far
they have not been able to identify him.
Meanwhile the cells and corridors nightly re-
sound with wails of distress, laughter, and
angry dialogues, seemingly carried on by a
man and a woman.

e e ———————

Thirteenth Theft Proves His Nemesis

A guilty conscience caused Edward Middle-
ton, a colored porter employed at the Pepn-
sylvania Station in New York, to exclaim,
<] knew it would come!”” when he ‘was Te-
cently placed under arrest for robbing the
mails. Then he explained. The theft of. a
lavalliere, of which he was accused, he said,
was his thirteenth since November 15.

GOING THE ROUNDS

The old saying that one-half of the world
doesn’t know how the other half lives, is
more to the point than most people would
imagine.

£ 3 = *

It does beat all how food prices keep going
up. Ten cents apiece for eggs is about the
limit for hen-fruit and nerve, with accent on

the latter word.

S *

=
It is most surprising to note the number

- who are willing to help the other fellow if

they don’t have to hand out anything more
substantial than advice.

£ sk
3

When an inmate becomes so blind with
greed that he is willing to sell out his former
friend for a half-pound of tobacco, he’s about
the smallest thing imaginable.

¥ ¥
*

An inmate was heard to remark that ‘‘he
never let his left hand know what his right
0 Thatls allxight,” butithab
bulging coat is a dead give-away.

& ok
&

We don’t mind listening to a fellow’s ex-
ploitation of his wonderful abilities, but it
rather jars on our nerves to have him think
he’s wise in getting off such piffle.

£ *

We hear of a Reading man who ordered in
his will that the hinges of his safe be oiled
as had been his custom. It must be that he
anticipated a visit from some of the profes-

sion.

% sk

£5
Rumor has it that a collection is to be tak-
en up on the Tth Block to buy a rattle and a
jack-in-the-box for the fellow who pounds
on the rear door of his cell in order to make
the dogs bark at midnight or later.

Asks Jail Sentence as Drink Cure

Believing that he could not stop drinking
in any other way, W. E. Brown, of Echo,
Ore., begged the Portland District Attorney
to put him in jail. “I’ve tried for twelve
years and can’t let the booze alone,’” he said.
He was sent to the county jail pending a de-
cision as to the law in his case.

Governor Paroles Man to Save Homestead

A correspondent states that Henry A. Sei-
gler returned to Lawton recently on a sixty-
day parole from the Oklahoma Penitentiary
where he is serving a life term for murder.
Governor Williams granted the parole to
give Seigler a chance to provide money to
save a Government homestead for his wife
and children.
