---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_022.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIR E

e
— e e e .= —————————————————

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainmentof its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

~ writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

‘B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 31, 1917
“Life is a vast obscurity, and conscience s
a source of light.”’

AS SEEN BY AN ACUTE OBSERVER

Beginning with the statement that ‘‘no
subject of late has been more extensively
discussed than that of prison reform,’’ the
Rev. Michael J. Murphy, Chaplain at the
Massachusetts State Prison, opens an excel-
lent article in the current Columbiad, on
“‘Gates, Bars and Stripes.”” Unfortunately,
lack of space prevents a reprint of the arti-
cle in full, so we present the following strik-
ing paragraphs for the edification of our
readers:

‘“The best method of treating men in con-
finement is a problem that the wisest and
most philanthropic have been unable to solve.
Reformation is the primary object, and that
system which produces -the best results is the
one to adopt. Discipline maintained with
reference to the prisoner’s welfare after
sentence, that which leads men to right ways
of thinking and acting and to the formation
of sound moral judgments, should be the ba-
sic principle upon which we conduct our penal
and correctional institutions intended not
only to punish, but rather to reform the of-
fender. ¥

““The old idea that every effort should be
made to humble and degrade the prisoner has
happily become obsolete. Practical students
of penology today acknowledge that it is
cheaper and better to return a man to society
improved and prepared to earn an honest
living, than to discharge him hardened_ by
brutal treatment, with the spark of manhood
he might have brought with him into prison
‘extinguished, feelings of hatred and revenge
rankling within his bosom, and with the al-
most certainty that the remainder of his days
are to be spent in crime. -

‘“Excessive severity tends only to harden
the heart. The strongest and most deter-
mined man that ever lived will succumb un-
der punishment. He may be temporarily
conquered but ultimately, his heart, filled
with bitterness and hate, he becomes a more
serious and dangerous menace, to society.

‘““The methods in general usage are artifi-
cial, and produce a superficial virtue or up-

Jfenses.

rightness which falls far short of being a
true index of a man’s character.

“‘One of the great obstacles to a proper
solution of this vital question is ignorance or
lack of proper understanding both on the
part of the law-abiding citizens in freedom,
and the man in durance vile. If the man
outside the walls and his unfortunate brother
on the inside were brought into closer con-
tact, and learned to know each other more
intimately; if they could be brought to dwell
together in a spirit of brotherly love and
sympathy, much could and would be accom-
plished. While this ignorance, or at least
this mutual misunderstanding exists, our ef-
forts for a reconciliation will be futile.

““As long as present conditions continue
the discharged prisoner is a subject of vital
importance. Hugo, in his Jean Valjean, has
painted for us a vivid picture of the heart-
breaking experience of a weary ex-prisoner
who tramps from door to door in search of
food and shelter. There is probably some
poetic exaggeration in the delineation, for in
this country a discharged prisoner will find
people willing to furnish meals and shelter
while he has means to pay for them, and who
will not annoy him with embarrassing ques-
tions; but steady, honest employment—a
want scarcely less urgent than food or lodg-
ing—is unfortunately often beyond the reach
of one whose last reference is a prison or re-
formatory. So it happens that hundreds, yes
thousands, drift back disheartened into their
old ways of life, having left prison with good
intentions.

““The best formed purposes and the most
virtuous resolutions are not always proof
against the world’s cold scorn. If friends
will meet him with encouragement, if imme-
diate employment is not denied him, if confi-
dence be not slowly and grudgingly extended,
if he can feel that he has a priceless charac-
ter to sustain, the chances of his permanent
reformation and usefulness will be greatly
multiplied. If some means could be devised
to insure these valuable subsidiaries, vast
numbers might be saved from a relapse into
crime, and the repetition of conviction and
punishment.

‘‘Intimately connected in importance with
the employment of prisoners after discharge
is some provision for egualizing and shorten-
ing of sentences, especially for first offenses.
Any prison official, even of* limited experi-
ence, has learned that there 1s a great diver-
stty in terms imposed by the courts, and that
in time this militates strongly against the
good-will and disposition of the inmate, and
often begets in his heart a spirit of revenge,
which will be satisfied sooner or later. There
appears to be a general awakening to the
conviction that the terms of sentences are too
severe, too long, and especally for first of-
If the expression of my humble
opinion could deepen the impression I should
not hesitate to give it in the most decided
form. If the primary object of imprison-
ment—the reformation of the offender—can

'RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

be attained at all, it can perhaps be more
surely effected by a short rather than by a
long sentence; and if it so effected the pris-
oner is released im the wigor of mind and
body, prepared for a life of value and use-
fulness. :

““A severe penalty is no preventive of crime.
It is immaterial to a man about to do wrong
whether the penally for the act be three
years or thirteen years. He knows he may,
but feels that he will not be discovered. The
more severe the penalty the more determined
and dangerous is he in avoiding detection,
and the more desperate will be his fight for
liberty. Many a man, through judicial kindness,
has been saved from a life of infamy, and has
gone forth into the world encouraged and
buoyed up by the kind admonition, “‘Go thy
way and sin no more.’’ Every prisoner looks
back with horror and pity for himself at that
sad, eventful time in sinful life when he first
beheld the shadow of a priscn, and feels in
his heart that iof pity had been shown him,
his course of life would have been different.”’

WE NEED MORE LIKE HIM

The Hon. Jacob H. Sckhiff, of New York,
recently celebrated his seventieth birthday by
giving and not receiving a present. He gra-
ciously but firmly declined the banquet that
his friends offered him, and in place thereof
made the munificent gift of $100,000 to the
American Red Cross, the largest gift the
organization has received since the beginning
of the war. It is his wish that two-thirds of
the sum be spent in relieving distress in the
Entente countries and one-third be used sim-
ilarly in the Central Empires.

It is said that Mr. Secniff did this in re-
sponse to President Wiison’s recent appeal
for the Red Cross, and it sets a splendid ex-
ample which other rich men and women might
very well follow.

If there were more Americans of this high
type of thought and breadth of action, this
world would be that much better for their
being in it, and for the elevating influence it
would exert for the good of others.

He who works with his hands only is a
mechanic; he ‘'whp works with hands and
head is a artisan; and he who works with
hands, head and heart is an artist.
