---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_023.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

WAR’S GREAT BLIGHT TO SCIENCE

In a paper read before the American Psy-
chological Association, President G. Stanley
Hall, of Clark University, called attention
toe a new duty devolving on this country be-
cause of the cataclysm in Europe. The war
having caused an almest complete cessation
of research outside the field of medicine,
‘‘this sLortage of irtellectual goods made in
Europe may lay a new and serious responsi-
bility on American scholars.”’

In other words American science is now to
be subjected to a test corresponding to that
by which American finance and manufacture
have been tried. Our bankers and steelmas-
ters and munition-makers have not been
found wanting; are our scholars as well pre-
pared to take up the work of scientific re-
search suspended in Europe during the clash
of arms?

Unquestionably the test will be all the se-
verer for the reason that where our work of
supplying the belligerent powers with money
and ammunition has been only supplementa-
ry, the entire cessation of scientific investi-
gation in Europe lays in the burden of mak-
ing what progress is made in that field while
the war lasts and for some time after. Not
only is science in Europe crippled by the act-
ual loss of eminent investigators, but scien-
tific research is paralyzed by the mobilization
of national resources to the end of military
efficiency.

Now the question arises, is American
scholarship equipped for the task? It is at
once a grave responsibility and a rare oppor-
tunity. American medical science has met
the new demands made by the war in a man-
ner that has won for it an international re-
nown. There will be new laurels for Amer-
ica if it can meet the intellectual tests as
competently, if laboratory workers and ex-
perimenters in the field of pure science can
respond to the call as well as its surgeons
have done. '

ABOUT LABRADOR

Replying to a request for information about
Labrador, an authentic publication states
that “‘the soil and atmosphere are so cold
and dry in Labrador that scarcely any vege-
tation thrives at all. The larch is a species
of pine tree which is found in all northern
countries, but its growth is so stunnea in
Labrador that a specimen found on the most
southern part of that dreary land was but
nine inches in height and the trunk was but
three-eighths of an inch in diameter. A care-
ful examination of the miniature tree reveal.
ed its age to be at least thirty-two yeare,
for there were that number of ring growths
shown in its small trunk. The very cold cur-
rents pouring down from the north and the
fact that Labrador has less sunshine than
Alaska, together with several island cli-

matic conditions, make the summer seasons .

shorter and colder than are those of Alas-
s

WHAT SORT OF A FRIEND ARE YOU?

What sort of a friend are you?
D> youa stick by a brother’s side,
As you know you’d want him to do
If you ware as sternly tried?
Is there ever a pleasure rare
That you willingly go without
To share another’s care,
And smilingly help him out?
Whaat sort of a friend are you?
Just one of the fair kind?
A smile when the skies are blue,
Ahead when he falls behind?
Do you put yourself out at all,
Do you pass up a joy that’s nigh
To answer a brother’s call,
Or selfishly hurry by?

Do you stick when his days are glum,
As you did when his days were fair?
When he wishes that you would come,

Do you eagerly hurry there?
Or do you think of yourself
Each minute the whole day through,
Of comfort, of fam> and pelf?
What sort of a friend are you?
: — Fxchange.

ACQUIRE KNOWLEDGE

This is the day when character counts.
The day is gone when a young man who seeks
a responsible position can be ignorant or de-
ficient in character. The youth who is to
rule tomorrow is the youth who is storing up
resources of knowledge, of self-control, of
courage and of steadiness.

The thought of luck no longer holds good;
a working knowledge must be acquired be-
fore useful knowledge can be given. The
young man who is looking forward to a good
position must be preparing for it by storing
his mind with knowledge, strengthening his
character by self-denial and cultivating the
power of endurance by grimly hanging on to
what he has in hand until something better
develops. Then if he has the power of ap-
plication, there can be no question as to re-
sults.

THE LAW AND LIQUOR

Without a doubt liquor dealers have at last
- come to realize that they are to blame in
great measure for the rising tide against
their business. Disregard of law and the
arrogance of the the whisky business had its
effect, and now it is too late to stem the tide
by efforts to ‘‘reform’’ the trafiic. Econom-
ically the saloon finds no place. Drinking
men are not wanted anywhere and numerous
large employers of labor have made a rule
that drinking on or off duty is a ground for
immediate dismissal. The doom of the li-
censed liquor traffic is becoming more and
more apparent, and this time the arguments
against it are based on experience and prac-
tical sense.

We suppose even a self-made man has his mo-
ments of depression when he wonders what
he did it for. ;

ROME'S GREAT COLOSSEUM

The most imposing theater ever built by
mortal hands, says a writer in one of the
current magazines, was a grim house of death,
consecrated by blood and tears. The Colosseum
stands today a stupendous monument to
Roman pride and degradation. Almost a -
third of a mile in circumference, it towers
157 feet up into the air, the original and
mouamental ‘‘play to the gallery’’ of popular
approval. In 80 A. D. Emperor Titus open-
ed its history with a tremendous inaugural of
a hundred days of ‘‘games,’”’ in which men
fought with other men and with wild animals,
and no one knows the exact tale of the lives
snuffed out on its bloodied sand ‘‘to make a
Roman holiday.”’

In the construction of the Colosseum its
builders adhered to the then new note of super-
imposing the three orders—Doric, Ionic and
Corinthian—an idea that has exerted a great-
er influence upon the design of monumental
works than any other Roman innovation.

But who thinks of that standing before it
today with the golden Italian sunshine glori-
fying every scar and conjuring back from the
dead past vivid spectacles of Roman holidays,
full of noise and color, laughter and bloody
agonies, or when liquid moonlight transfigures
the classic ruin into a magic fabric, where
stalk the thin ghosts of saints and vestal,
slave and emperor?

'

DESPOTS OF DEMOCRACY

Timorous legislators and ‘‘pussy-footed’’
executives yield to the threatening demands
of organized busybodies, and occasionally an
inspired ass with ‘a certificate of election in
his pocket originates vexatious legislation.
But the annoyance comes principally from
unofficial busybodies who promote legislation
designed to make the common herd conform
to their ideas. * * * * * The necessary
number of public servants is swollen by
swarms of official parasites, who are taken
away from the producing class and who find
in oppression a justification of their continu-
ance on the public salary roll. It is time to
call a halt. N. Y. Herald.

CATHOLIC MISSION AT E. S. P. CHAPEL

It is announced that there will be a Catho-
lic mission held at the prison chapel during
the week of February 11th to 18th inclusive
by the Father J. T. Maguire, S. J. Itisex-
pected that the mission will be productive of
much good to those who attend, as Father
McGuire is noted for his strong personality
“and power of appeal. All who are able to be
present should take advantege of this op-
portunity. :

Activity is God’s medicine; the highest
genius is willingness and ability to do hard
work. Any other conception of genius
makes it a doubtful, if not a dangerous pos-
session.
