---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_025.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, February 7, 1917

NO. 6

CONCERT BY THE L.ADIES’
OF SAN DOMINGO CHORAL

The Ladies’ of San Domingo Choral gave a
delightful concert of song at this institution
on Sunday afternoon, under the clever direc-
tion of Dr. Joseph Burns, with Miss Loreto
MecCann as accompanist.

The program consisted of a pleasing selec-
tion of sacred and classical music, which was
rendered in a charming manner, alike pleas-
ing to the assembled guests and to the in-
mates. Judging from the delightful blend-
ing and control of voices as evinced by the
singers, and the many expressions of praise,
Dr. Burns has good cause to feel proud of
his talented chorus.

*

PROGRAM

1. L.S. D. Chorus, ‘‘Carmena’’ Wilson
2 L S. D. Chorus, “Woo Thou Sweet
: Music’’ Elgar

8. L. 8. D. Chorus, ‘‘Lead Kindly Light’’
4. L. S. D. Chorus, ‘‘Ave Maria”’ Owen
5. L. S. D. Caorus, ‘‘Humoreske’ (Swanee
River,) Dvorak-Wilson
6. L. S. D. Chorus, ‘‘Sextette from Lucia’’
Donizetti
e I, S D. Chorus,” ‘God and Country,
UesSt A Dr. Burns
8. L. S. D. Chorus, ‘“Holy.God, We Praise
Thy Name”’

Dr. Joseph Burns, Director
Miss Loreto McCann, Accompanist
Piano used, lcaned by James Bellak’s Sons.

FORMER PRISONER AT COUNTY
JAIL RETURNS $15,000 NECKLACE

e e

A late news report from Chicago states
that a rope of sixty-two pearls, valued at
$15,000, which Mrs. Charles L. Hutchinson,
wife of a banker, lost while shopping, has
been restored to her. According to the story
made public, the pearls were found by a man
who recently was released from the County
jail at Philadelphia, after serving a long term
for safe-blowing, and who, despite strait-
ened circumstances, heeded the pleas of his
wife to restore the pearls to the owner. The
man, whose name was withheld, was given
$100 reward, and the promise of a good job.

His Case Spoiled by Hen’s Cackle

‘‘Betrayed by a Cackle”’ would have been
a fitting title for a scene enacted in the court
at West Chester, Pa. Recently Lewis A.
Saddler was on trial, charged with the theft
of some chickens from Mrs. Martha Wash-
ington. Saddler had a fair case until one of
the hens was brought into court and greeted
its owner with a cackle of effusive recogni-
tion.

JUDGE PATTERSON ORDERS
REMOVAL OF CAGE

The prisoners’ cage in the Quarter Sessions
Court, is to be removed. Used for more
than a century in housing prisoners called
for trial, the iron barred structure erected in
a corner of the tribunal in full view of wit-
nesses and spectators has been ordered out
of commission by Judge Patterson. The lat-
ter directed that hereafter no person shall
be confined in the cage while awaiting trial.
In a short time it will be removed entirely.

I realize that there is such a thing as be-
ing mawkishly sympathetic and, in the name
of humanity, doing very foolish things,’’ said
Judge Patterson recently in discussing his
order. ‘‘I believe, however, that the law
should inflict no more pain upon men and
women than is absolutely necessary for the
protection of society. I have consulted with
a number of my colleagues and they all agree
with me.”’

BOY SENTENCED TO BE SPANKED

Loud wails, mingled with sounds of scuf-
fling, emanating from the office of Probation
Officer Hackney on the fifth floor of City
Hall recently startled attaches, who opened
the door in time to see a boy getting an old-
fashioned spanking, a sentence imposed a
short time before by Judge Patterson on a
sixteen-year old youth from North Gratz
Street.

The boy was accused of stealing $500 from
his employer, Frederick A. De Haven, of
West Hortter Street. He spent $108 of this
on a trip to New York before being appre-
hended. Owing to the prisoner’s youth, the
Court decided to treat the case as a juvenile
one. As the boy’s father was present, the
Judge said: ,

““Tf you can give him a good old-fashioned
spanking I will suspend sentence and place
him on probation until he is twenty-one
years old.”’

ONE-THIRD LAW INTRODUCED
IN LEGISLATURE

James A. Walker, Esq., of Philadelphia, in-
troduced in the House last Monday night the
bill known among the inmates as the one-
third law; to provide the minimum sentence
imposed on a convict under the indeterminate
sentence law shall never exceed one-third of
the maximum, but that persons serving sen-
tences imposed after June 3019145 may be
eligible to parole after serving one-third the

maximum.

GOING THE ROUNDS

Signed and concealed seems to be the gen-

eral consensus of opinion hereabout.
% *

*
No one should feel lonesome here, except-
ing the man who is forever talking about
himself. His friends get tired and fade away

:
News reports tell of a man who made his
will on the back of a postage stamp. The
only trouble was that it wouldn’t stick in
law.
x® w~ *

They say that listeners never hear any
good of themselves, but it largely depends on
whether you’ve paid your last month’s tobacco
account or not.

ES B
sk

It is announced that there is to be anoiher
boost in the price of milk. That should not
cause any worry so leng as the tap is handy.

» *

There is always scmething to worty atout
A man of science has recently annour ced
that the heat of the sun will be diminished

by one-half in seven million years.
%k

K 3k

O Boy! A man in New York says he has
worked over sixty years and never lost any
time. That’s goin’ some, for sure.

* *
*

The ground hog theory soemed to work
pretty well the other day. Every one ap-
peared to be well pleased to go back to cover
for the day.

A New Jersey man has been trying to
chase away ghosts that have haunted his
house. So far all devices have failed. We
suggest that he arrange to mske an evening
call at the E. S. P. and listen to the blene of
sound coming from some of the blocks. Pell
or Mott Street isn’t in it in comparison. Per-
haps this may furnish an idea for a. cure to

his troubles.
M

WILLIAM T. BISHOP

We regret to record the passing away of
William T. Bishop, who has been an overseer
at this institution for the past fifteen years
His death occurred at his home on Ncrth
Wilton Street, this city. Overseer Bishop
was the son of the late Major Jchn S. Bish-
op, U. S. A., and during the Spanish-Ameri-
can war he enlisted and served as a lieuten-
ant in a New Jersey regiment. Going to the
Philippines his health failed, and he was
forced to resign for that reason. He leaves
a wife and three children to mourn his loss
We extend our sincere sympathy to the be-
reaved family.
