---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_026.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

o : % :

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Bastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interestand entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, February 7, 1917

A man that can succeed in working 1s to
me always a man. —Carlyle.
LINCOLN’S BIRTHDAY

Before we again go to press, Lincoln’s
birthday anniversary will have come and gone,

so that it is incumbent upon us that we:

should fittingly observe the approaching birth-
date of this great man with the due respect
to which it is justly entitled.

It has been said that one notable charac-
teristic of Lincoln, was his fine equipoise of
temperament— his sterling character. Strict-
ly honorable and of unusually .sensible atti-
tude of mind, he was firm, and yet so kind
and had such a fund of humor in his regard
of others’ opinions, that he usually gained
his desire by allowing others to have their
say. A well-known writer once said of him,
after a personal interview, .‘‘He seems to me
somewhat like a ship’s cable—swaying with
the tide, but holding fast at both ends.”” Of
one thing we are sure: he was a capable
manager of men. Another striking thing
worthy of comment was the steadfast pa-
tience and persevering intelligence with which
by constant study of a few choice books, by
contii u lly fraining himself to clear, concise
thinking, and by learning to say tersely what
he thought, he finally became master of an
unsurpassed English style of speech. His
addresses, his state, public and private cor-
respondence, all possess this distinction, and
none of them more so than his brief address
at the dedication of the National Cemetery
at Gettysburg, a year after the war bad
been fought; though it was written while en
route in the cars, on the way to the ceremony.

On that occasion Edward Everett was the
chiet orator of the day, and although him-
self a past master of oratory, he wrote a
note to the President on the following morn-
ing stating: ‘I should be glad if I could flat-
ter myself that I came as near to the central
idea of the occasion in two hours as you did
in a few minutes.”’

Which recalls to mind the fact that Mr.
Everett’s eloquent address is nearly forgot-
ten, while Lincoln’s brief, concise remarks
are remembered as a classic, and as a fine
example of his manner and purity of speech.

DETECTIVES VERSUS THE LAW

Under the above title an editorial writer in
the Ledger comments on the illegal acts of
private detectives, in which he says:

“Itis just as well that the New York
court, while showing its sympathy with the
cause of Detective William J. Burns in the
““Morgan spy’’ issue, fined him for an illegal
act committed in his search for evidence,
since he exceeded his rights as a citizen and
detective and usurped those that belong to
officers of the law, and then only when armed
with the necessary authority. The fact is
that through the glamour of the various de-
tective stories and ‘‘society burglar’’ plays
that delight the public, in which the male and
the female detectives do about as they please
since they are police, district attorneys,
judges and juries all rolled into one and with-
out supervision or responsibility, we have be-
come rather dazed. Moreover, in actuality
the illegal acts of detectives, which at times
come very near and at others pass over the
line of blackmail, tend to confuse the public
as to its rights and where alleged operative
interference begins and ends. Consequently,
the decision against Burns, since it also "call-
ed attention to a legal way in which he could
have got the papers wanted, is a salutary and
a timely one. Of course, those engaged in
anti-social and criminal conspiracies call for
small respect or consideration on the part of
those who are engaged in running them down.
But in other matters it is best for the com-
munity as a whole, unless the work be done
under the advice and under the form of the
law, that private detectives thculd lezin
that their supposed freedom from immunity
is something that will not stand the test of
the courts, and they should govern themselves
accordingly.’’ =

ASBESTOS DISCOVERED IN ARIZONA

Large deposits of long fibered asbestos have
lately been discovered in Arizona, in the Si-
erra Aazhas. Hacatofore eighty-five per
cent. of the asbestos used in the United States
has come from Canada, and therefore the
newly discovered deposits of Arizona are of
great interest to American manufacturers of
asbestos products, particularly those making
asbestos sheet packing. Thehigh-grade fiber
which is said to exist there may permit them
in a large measure, to supply the demand for
a high-grade American sheet.

THOROUGHNESS

Faebleness is a thing that nof)ody can for-
give, except in old people and little children.
It’s better to be strong in doing bad things
than not strong at all. But you’ll get to
know when you grow up that badness is only
a funny kind of weakness. Youmust be strong
Look at Kitchener! He got on by being strong
and thorough. They say that when the rails
came for the building of the Soudan railway
he examined every yard of metal himself, not
trusting to other people. That’s thoroughness.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrateq at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning. .
General services are 'held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

STANDARD TIME

‘“‘Speaking of the railroad confusion that
existed before standard time was adopted,’’
said a prominent railroad msn, ‘‘reminds me
that prior to 1883 time differences caused es-
pecially confusing complications on railroads
in the United States. It was feormerly cus-
tomary for a road to use throughout large
sections of its territory the local time of one
of the principal cities through which it
passed. o

““The result was that when two railroads
met in some smaller town it frequently hap-
pened that they were running under widely
different time systems. As many as five
different kinds of time were thus simultane-
ously in use in a single tcwn. '

“It was the need of an international stand-
ard of time that led to the prime meridian
conference at Washington in 1882. This ree-
ommended the use of the Greenwich ecivil
time, reckoned from zero up to twenty-four -
hours.

“In accordance with this resolution and to
remedy the aforementioned difficulty the
United States and Canada selected a series
of standard meridians differing in longitude
from that of Greenwich, England, by exact
multiples ot 15 degrees.

““On Oct. 18, 1883, a convention was called
by W. F. Allen, secretary of the general
railway time convention, which decided on
the introduction of standard time, to take

_effect on Nov. 18, 1883, and on that day the

change to the present system was made
without any difficulty.’’

OPPRESSOR OF CHILDREN

The Pittsburg Leader is up in arms against
employes wno violate the child iabor law. 1n
a recent editorial the Leader states that ‘‘the
arrest and conviction of scores of employers
in the Pittsburg district on charges preterred:
by the factory inspector came with peculiar
force at a time when a desperate battle is
being waged in Harrisburg by vicious inter-
ests that hope to crush labor and humani-
tarian laws passed for the protection of
working people. Theseinterests know they can
not violate the child labor and other humane
laws with impunity. That is why they have
planned a raid on the legislature that will
take away this protection for the people who
earn their living by the sweat of their brow.
Pittsburg has its share of inhumane employ-
ers who would keep little children at their
tasks to the point of exhaustion.
