---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_027.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

THE THIRTY YEARS® WAR

The present conflict in Europe has induced
many popular authors to write on war sub-
Jects, from the very early times to the pres-
ent day. In a recent article in one of the
well-known periodicals, a writer takes up the
subject of religious wars, and in mentioning
the ‘‘Peace of Westphalia,”” he says that
““Osnabruck is one of the most venerable
towns of Prussia. In the closing years of
the eighth century Charlemange designated
it as the capital of a bishopric, a distinction
~ which it enjoyed without interruption for
“more than a thousand years. In 1803 the see
was suppressed, the last bishop being Fred-
erick, duke of York, son of the English
Hanoverian monarch, George I1I. In 1858

the city was restored to its religious emi-
nence when it was again made the seat of a
Roman Catholic bishop.

““It is on account of her share in the pre-
liminary negotiiations which led to the epoch-
al peace of Westphalia that Osnabruck is
famous in history. In 1644, after all central
Europe had been devastated by the great
struggle which eventually became known as
the Thirty Years’ War, representatives of
Sweden, the German empire and German
Protestants met here, while in the neighbor-
ing city of Munster, thirty miles to the
southwest, delegates from France, Spain,
the German Catholics, and the German em-
pire gathered. '

““The negotiations extended over a period
of four years. In October, 1648, both groups
of conferees having arrived at a common ba-
sis of settlement, the Osnabruck diplomats
repaired to Munster, where a few days later
the peace was signed which guaranteed the
peace and independence of the several states
of the empire and which forbade religious
persecution throughout Germany. It was this
peace, in which Osnabruck played such a vi-
tal part, that put an end to religious wars in
Europe.

“As early as 888 Osnabruck was granted
-the right to estzblish its own mint, Lut jt
was not until the fifteenth century that the
city reached the crest c¢f its medieval pros-
perity. Following the decline, which was
necessarily incidgental to the raveges of the
Thirty Years’ War, it enjoyed a second era
of growth.

““The two most impressive architectual
piles in Osnabruck are the spacious cathe-
dral, dating back to the twelfth century and
representing a combination of the Roman-
esque and Transitional styles, and the royal
palace, built in 1662-’75."

Success— that elusive, much-coveted goal
toward which we are always working, and
sometimes fail to recognize when we reach
it—success is the crown and glory of the
puilding of a life. And toward that comple-
tion, the supporting pillars must be service,
and the foundation character.

HOUSE BY THE SIDE OF THE ROAD
By Sam Walter Foss

There are hermit souls that live withdrawn,

In the peace of their self-content; v
There are souls, like stars, that dwell apart
In a fellowless firmament;
There are pioneer souls that blaze their paths
Where the highways never ran—
But let me live by the side of the road,
And be a friend to man.

Let me live in a house by the side of the road,
Where the race of men go by —
The men who are good; and the men who are
-bad,
As good and as bad as 1.
I would not sit in the scorner’s seat,
Or hurl the cynic’s ban— ;
Let me live in a house by the side of the road,
And be a friend to man.

I see from my house by the side of the rosd—
By the side of the highway of life,
The men who press with ardor of hope,
The men who are faint with strife.
But I turn not away from their smiles nor
their tears—
Both parts of an Infinite plan—
Let me live by the side of the road,
And be a friend to man.

I know there are brook-gladdened meadows
ahead,
And mountains of wearisome height;
And the rowd passes on through the long
afternoon, ;
And stretches away to the night;

But still I rejoice when the travelers rejoice,
And weep with the strangers that moan,
Let me live in my house by the side of the

road,
And be a friend to man.

Let me live in my house by the side of the
road,
Where the race of men go by—

They are good—they are bad—weak and
. strong, :
Wise foolish, so am L

Then why should I sit in the scorner’s seat
Or hurl the cynic’s ban?

Let me live in my house by the side of the

road,
And be a friend to man.

NEW TYPE PHONOGRAPH HORN

It is announced that a new type phono-
graph horn has recently been patented and
put on the market by the Clifton Porcelain
File Company, of Newark, N Ji " Bhehorn
was invented by Cari Doargschlag, and has
a rectangular mouth, is constructed of por-
celain which eliminates the counter-vibra-
tions noticeable in horns of wood or metal.
1t is claimed that better results are obtained
with the use of this horn than any now on
the market, and that it can be fitted to any

make of phonograph.

THE MIDDLE THIRD

“None.of us have all the good qualities,”’
says a writer in the St. Joseph Press. ‘‘The
unemployed man, over forty-five years old,
with a family and a record of steady past
employment, has limitations and qualities
that correspend. He is a picked and sorted
man and valuable, for that reason. His grade
is of the average and he comes chiefly from
the middle third of the men of his age in re-
spect to ability. The upper third have fought
their way through into superior positions for
which middle age merely qualities them. The
lower third have fallen out of employment
long before reachirg the gateway of middle
life. Those who continue to forty-five befcre
being dropped or promoted into the directory
and advisory positions of later life are the
most thoroughly and evenly sorted group of
men in the country.”’

IT SHOULD INDUCE PEACE TALK

There is a prospect that if peace is not
soon arranged, ‘‘millions of men will be hurl-
ed against one another in the warfare in
Europe next spring,’’ says a writer in the
Pittsburg Post, “‘that will undoubtedly cause
greater loss of life and other casualties than
any contest to date should stimulate the ef-
forts to end the struggle by reason. The
thought of the lives and limbs of a million or
more men who may otherwise be sacrificed
must bear heavily upon the minds of all who

can do anything toward saving them. The
world owes it to those millions of men, hun-

dreds of thousands of whom might be slain
and others sent through the remainder of
their lives hopeless cripples, to see that every
effort is made to have settlement by reason
substituted. This is owed to the families of
those men as weail—the world owes it to it-
self.”’

OUR UN-AMERICANS

A majority of the American people, in the
East, atleast, have ceased to think about the
war in terms of the United States. They are
pro-British or pro-French or pro-German, and
non-American, is the cpinion of an editorial
writer in the New York World. :

They have forgotten that their country has
any direct relationship to this conflict or has
any rights that it is bound to protect unless
those rights happen to coincide with the aims
of one set of belligerents or another. The
time has come, in his opinion, for the United
States to insist upon a clear and precise defi-
nition of the aims and objects of the war
from both sides. When we have that, it will
be the less difficult to determine the future
policy of the United States in respect to the
war itself. If we are in danger of being
drawn into it, we certainly have a right to
know what we are being drawn into.

It is best to love wisely, no doubt; but to
love foolishly is better than-not to be able to
love at all.
