---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_029.jpg
---
~1THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, Febrvary 14, 1917

NO. 7

LINCOLN’S BIRTHDAY
OBSERVED BY E. S. P.
BAND CONCERT

Lincoln’s birthday anniversary was fiittingly
observed at this institution by an unusually
fine band concert on the Center, under the
clever guidance of Prof. A. F. Wiegandt’s
baton.

The eight numbers of the program were
selected from the popular music of the day,
which proved alike pleasing to the assembled
guests.and to the inmates. A new
which added to the pleasing effect of the
music, was the introduction of a corps of
buglers playing at certain parts of the over-
tures. The results proved surprisingly good
for an imitator effort. ;

The exit march, ‘‘Colonel Fitch,”” by Hall,
terminated a pleasant afternoon of musical
melody.

PROGRAM
c Eg S

Entry March ‘““‘Independentia’’ Hall

‘“‘America’’
1. March ““Semper Fidelis’’ Sousa
2. Overture ‘‘Morning, Noon and Night’’
3. Rag ““Ko-Komo’’ Shorter
4, Waltz “Blue Danube’’ Strauss
5. Overture ‘‘Home Circle’’ Schelepegreli
6. Rag ““Joe Turner Blues’’ Handy
7. Selection ‘‘Fortune Teller’’ V. Herbert
8. Rag “Two Key Rag’’ Hollander

““Star Spangled Banner”’

Exit March ““Colonel Fitch’’ Hall

Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor

CATHOLIC MISSION WEEK
AT THE E. S. P. CHAPEL

Catholic Mission services were instituted
here on Sunday last, to continue through the
week, under the able administraticn of the
" Rev. 1. J. Maguire, S. J. All inmates inter-
ested in the uplifting influence of religious
matters should take advantage of the oppor-
tunity to hear the Rev. Father Maguire in
his missionary addresses. Besides a strong
personality, his power of appeal andmasterly
style of address are sure to make a lasting
impression on all who attend the services.
Bear this in mind ‘‘ye who seek the spiritual
awakening.”’

The Blue and Brass Buitons for Preacher

Evidenfly believing that he can fight evil
in brass buttons better than from the pulpit,
the Rev. Herbert L. Sparks, pastor of the
First Baptist Church, of Douglas, Ariz., has
accepted an offer of the City Council to ap-
point him as a policeman in a crusade against
illicit sale of liquors, and gambling.

feature

SUNDAY’S SONG SERVICE

An afternoon song service of sacred music
by members of the choir of St. Mathias P.
E. church, was the principal feature of .the
religious services at this institution on Sun-
day last.

The selections rendered were from the
Episcopal hymnal and the choir evinced their
aptitude to produce excellent results in sing-
ing sacred hymns with musical sweetness and
fine eveness of voice control.

This was especially noticeable at times when
the bass and tenor parts were given sepa-
rately. In all a clever rendition of secular
music, most pleasing to the inmate popula-
tion.

SHADE OF CITY HALL NO HIN-
DRANCE »

The need of better police protection in the
neighborhood of Thirteenth and Market
Streets, is asserted by the members of the
firm of Wertheimer Brothers, who discover-
ed Friday morning that burglars had plun-
dered their shirtwaist factory at 1315 Market
Street, a few doors from City Hall, on Tues-
day night, for the third time within four
years, getting silks worth $1000.

Detectives said the robbers evidently had
hidden in the building in the daytime, and
had ransacked the workshop after the em-
ployes had gone home.

New Use for Patrol Wagon

““Mooing’’ at her captors, a Jérsey cow
was recently noticed by cnlookers as she rode
in the patrol wagon of the Eleventh District,
East Girard Avenue, clackety-bang through
the streets. The cow was locked up and is
being held for an owner. She was discovered
through a phone call to the station, at Grom-
ley’s wharf, Beach Street below East Colum-
bia Avenue, which said a ‘‘wild animal’’ was
prowling around in that vicinity.

Woman Offers $5 for a Husband

A Kentucky Miss of twenty, with black
eyes and hair and a zest for hard work, has
offered the Mayor of Baker, Ore., $5if he
will find her a husband. She wrote that she
was 8o anxious to livein Baker that she would
marry any good manin the town and consider
her $5 well invested.

The song of sympathy never comes until
the singer has been to the school ¢f sorrow.

The surest way to impoverish your heart is
to impoverish it with selfishness.

- Have you noticed

GOING THE ROUNDS

A momentous question:
your valentine?

Have you sent

*
*

*®
If you say the right thing at the right
time, it often happens that some fossil will

envy you.
"

* %
They say that tall, thin men will be the
fashion this summer. Perhaps we can fur-

nish a few at that time.

Wonderful, indeed, is faith when you hear
of some of the things that some ‘‘bug’” will

suggest as a cure for that all-gone feeling.
sk
* *
the pleasant look on the
face of the fellow who tries to squeeze a
number 9-size foot into a number 6-size shoe?
k = *

Some men spend a lot of time praying for
Providence to help them, but it rarely occurs
to them to surprise -Providence by helping
themselves.

® *

A man left here the other day after long
confinement, and immediately proceeded to
advertise himself by boasting of his record
to an outsider. Let us hope that it’s not
catching.

There comes a demand for the coinage of
half-pennies, and a man asks if there is any-
thing that can be bought for half a cent. To
be sure there is. That’s the value of some
individuals that have to be reckoned with.

- 3
*k *

It’s mighty hard to convince some men that
our outside friends(?) are not waiting for
our release with open arms. The sad awaken-
ing will come later, when all this ‘‘con stuff’’
will melt away from our thoughts like the
““fiver’’ that you get on the ‘‘go out.’’

A writer in the news columns of a local pa-
per states that a pound box of candy will
win a girl quicker than a one-hundred-line
poem. Save time, boys, save your time. This
poet lore is awful stuff, and will only make
hard feelings among your friends, if you try
to palm it off on them at your release.

Brings to Light $35,000 in Jewels from
“Coon Hole”

Jewelry worth $35,000 was found ina ‘‘coon
hole’’ on a California ranch by a trapper,
Alfred Talbot, as he was setting a trap.
The jewels included watches of a pattern in
vogue twenty-five years ago. The stuff was
in cans red with rust, and is believed to have
been cached by thieves. .
