---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_030.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

_________________________________________‘—________,_____'___
s

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interestand entertainmentof its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, February 14, 1917
“Nurture your mind with good thoughts.
" To believe the heroic, makes heroes.’’

THE WESTERN IDEA OF REFORM

To the West belongs the credit of the ini-
tiatory efforts at practical prison reform
which has swept over the country like a prai-
rie fire, until there are now few states remain-
ing where improvement in prison conditions
is not being advocated by organized bodies
having the best interests of the fallen and
unfortunate men at heart.

-As a prominent member of the Missouri
Prison Reform League remarked recently,
‘“While many people think we have already
accomplished much in the way of reform,
and ought to let matters rest for a while, 1
am decidedly not of that opinion. I believe
we have only just startéd improvements in

the right direction, and that there is" still a

great deal to be done té make conditions
right, in order that the prisoner, when re-
leased, will be in such a condition, both men-
tally and physically, that he will be fully
able to take care of himself ‘and his family,
if he has any. And what is even more im-
portant, that there will be every chance af-
forded him to become a respected and law-
abiding member of society.

““The prisoner should be considered much
the same as a patient in a hospital, and every
practical effort made to cure him of his faulty
condition, and to improve him in all respects
—particularly in character—so that in the
future there may be little probability of his
taking the downward path.

““In order to do this, we must get away
from the old and barbarous idea of punish-
ment, and strive for improvement and cure.
This can best be brought about by giving
him such instruction and treatment during
his incarceration that he will be able to find
a suitable occupation on his liberation, and
to educate society, so that the people will ac-
cept the matter in the proper spirit and be
ready and willing to give the prisoner an-
other chance to ‘make good.’ :

““That is just what we intend to. do in
Missouri,”” continued the speaker. “‘Our
league is organized to do things that will count,

and we have with us in this movement prac-

tically all the leading social organizations in
the state. Among which may be mentioned
the W. C. T. U., the Ministers’ Alliance, the
Catholic Women’s League, the Y. M. C. A,
the Council of Jewish Women, the Women’s
Trade League, and many other organized
bodies of similar character.

““The league members are very enthusiastic
in their endeavors -for practical reform and
have adopted the following platform as their
slogan:

‘1. The creation of a non-partisan com-
mission of five members to administer the
affairs of all state penal institutions, with
power to enforce its mandates and to pass on
all parole cases.

2. The establishment and enforcement of
civil service in the prison management, mak-
ing the test for officers and employes one of
expert knowledge of prison work without re-
gard to residence or political affiliations.

‘3. No renewal of the contract labor sys-
tem; this to be succeeded by the manufacture
of articles for state use, by farming, and by
road building wherever practical.

‘4. The establishment of separat=reform-
atories for first offenders, and the grading of
prisoners according to their respective ca-
pacities.”’

It is announced that Governor Frederick
D. Gardner, himself a strong advocate of
modern penology, has just appointed William
R. Painter, former Lieutenant-Governor, and
friand of reform, as warden of the state peni-
t2ntiary, which is a cause forrejoicing to the
Missouri Reform League, and clearly shows
the trend of the new penology in the West.

FARMS ON EDGE

What might be described as farms on edge
are the famous rice terraces upon the mount-
ain slopes of the Philippine Islands. These
farms, in the shape of ribbons for miles and
miles long cover sides of ranges that in this
country would be considered about right for
goat pastures, so steep and rugged are they.
The patient island farmers cultivate- every
foot of them, however, the ledges extending
high toward the summit and covering im-
mense areas. The grade of the terraces is
skilfully designead to carry the water down
the mountain side without waste and without
washing away the land, so that the crops are
benefitted by a rainfall which would 'other-
wise wash away all the soil from the rocks.

A CARGO HARD TO HANDLE

: Asphalt is said to be the most difficult car-

go for a vesseltounload. The asphalt is taken
out of the asphalt lakes in Triridad in a semi-.

fluid state, and by the time the vessel reaches
a northern port has hardened so that to un-
load it, it is necessary for th: men to go into
the hold and dig it out with pick and shovel.
This takes time, and a vessel carrying such
cargo always has to arrang 2 for aconsidera-
ble stay in port.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

THE FOLLY OF CRIME
Crime is beyond the least lucrative occupa-
tion. To begin with, stolen gcods can only
be sold in certain markets. The ‘‘fence’’
naturally takes advantage of circumstances
and pays a ridiculous fraction of actual val-

ue.
When years of penal servitude are consid-

. ered and the sum total of earnings during

such periods added to these precarious glean-
ings, the average income from a criminal ca-
reer is less than that from the lowest form
of menial labor.

In brief, crooks work harder, get less out
of life, undergo more suffering and depriva-
tion than any other class of people. :

No thief ever continued his calling and
died in comfort. The most notorious felons
spent their last days in outrageous poverty.

Nobody can accomplish much with his
hands tied. Wrong is such a handicap and
offers so few opportunities that native abil-
ity, however remarkable, is shackled and
discounted by knavery.

It stands to reason that an individual can
go farther with the good-will of the com-
munity than with its opposition.

— Herbert Kaufman.

SEGREGATION OF PRISONERS

An important and far-reaching considera-
tion, that could safely be introduced into all
prisons, is the segregation of prisoners. That
it ie necessary if first offenders are to be
saved from association with hardened ecrimi-
nals, is evident. Every prison possesses its
bad characters whose influence upon men in-
carcerated for the first time, and in many
cases for  trivi 1 offenses, often prove the
ruination of what might have become useful
citizens. Classifying men in prison, separat-
ing them according to their records, and pos-
itively prohibiting careless intermingling of
all races, creeds and nationalities, is worthy
of the effort from a humanitarian standpoint.
Prisons abound with demoralizing influences,
and it is only true reform to lessen evil en-
vironment for the many who are easily sway-
ed. Let us hope this comes to pass soon for
the benefit of those men whose first experi-
ence in prison is teaching them a beneficia)
lesson. —New Era.
