---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_031.jpg
---
HE FOUND A GRAND MACHINE

As there are still many men who have not
discovered their usefulness, perhaps it may
be as well to repeat the following dialogue for
the edification of those who may profit
thereby:

‘I say, friend, why do I not see you at the
club of late?”’ .

“Well, to tell the truth, my friend, I've
been so decidedly busy of late that with the
exception of an occasional tramp or two for
my health, I’ve spent all my time between
the house and the office.”’

‘““That’s exceedingly new to me, old friend.
Several weeks ago I very unexpectediy ran
across it—an old machine I’'ve owned a good
many .years and never paid much attention
to. Upon examination the thing is so mon-
strously wonderful, you know, that it has
simply held me in open-mouthed consterna-
tion. I can’t actually take it in, and, bless
me, I can’t understand why I’ve so long ig-
nored its possibilities—just accepted it, you
know, this wonderful inkeritance of my an-
cestors, as something natural and quite ordi-
nary.”’

‘“‘Hope you’ve struck a money maker, old
man.’’

‘““Well, I believe 1 have, you know, and
that’s one of the remarkable parts about
my discovery. Can you conceive, dear
friend, of my never having seen its possibil-
ities? It’s merely a piece of machinery,
mind you, and let me tell you some of the
things it can do. ~With a turn from me I
can make itsee or hear or speak or walk or
dance or write or telephone. Why, I can,
and with no effort at all, make it breathe.’’

‘“‘But, I say, what is this great thing?’’

““Why, it’s nothing less than myself, and I
decided to put it to work and see if I can’t
make a fortune out of it.”’

THE FELLOW WHO’S CLEAN

My Friend, as through life you are jogging
along, be careful your balance-wheel doesn’t
go wrong. Old Mister Temptation is ever
on hand to whisper his promises, gilded and
grand. He’ll walk by your side till you’re
firm in his grip; he’ll charm you and soonyou
can’t give him the slip. Remember, my
friend, ere your future is wrecked, there’s
nothing on earth like a man’s self-respect.
The man who can face the whole world with
a smile and tell ’em just where they may
go is worth while. He knows, in his record,
there isn’t a dent. He’s rich, though he may
not possess a red cent. This sounds rather
preachy, but what if it does? It carries a
thought that you’d better let buzz around in
your brain; it’s a cinch it’s correct. There’s
nothing on earth like a man’s self-respect.

‘ —Bill Dudley.

You may have noticed that a man who says
.ife isn’t worth living is the first to make an
effort to save himself when danger threatens.

THE UMPIRE

HOW TO WISH

Do you wish the world were better?
Let me tell you what to do;
Set a watch upon your actions,
Keep them always straight and true.
Rid yourself of selfish motives,
Let your thoughts be clean and high,
You can make a little Eden
Of the sphere you occupy.

Do you wish the world was wiser?
Well, suppose you make a start,
By accumulating wisdom
In the scrapbook of your heart.
Do not waste one page on folly,
Live and learn, and learn to live.
If you want to give men knowledge,
You must get it ere you give.

Do you wish the world were happy?
Then remember day by day
Just to scatter seeds of kindness
As you pass along the way;
For the pleasures of the many
May be ofttimes traced to'one.
As the hand that plants an acorn
Shelters armies from the sun.
— Selected.

THE MASSACRE OF GOLIAD

Relating the tragic episode of the Texan
war for independence a writer in the Pitts-
burg Telegraph says that Goliad, Texas, was
the scene of an infamous massacre by Mexi-
cans. James D. Fannin, a rative of Georgia,
who had settled in Texas, had raised a com-
pany known as the Brazos volunteers, which
formed part of General Austin’s army. After
the fall of the Alamo he received orders from
General Sam Houston to blow up the fort at
Goliad and fall back to Victoria.

Fannin delayed his retreat for some timein
order to collect the women and children of the
neighborhood and finally set out, 350 strong,
was overtaken and attacked on March 19,
1836, on the banks of the Coleto Creek by
General Urrea and 1,200 Mexican troops.
After a two days’ battle, in which the Mexi-
cans lost between 300 and 400 in killed and
wounded and the Texans about 70, Fannin
surrendered on being assured that his troops
would be paroled. Instead of being freed
they were taken back to Goliad as prisoners,
and there, on Palm Sunday, March 27, Urrea
caused these unarmed men to be marched out
by squads and shot down like dogs. Allwere
killed with the exception of the women and
children, two surgeons and a few men who
escaped after being fired upon.

As an excuse for his atrocious deed Urrea
declared that he had acted under orders from
General Santa Anna, the Mexican command-
er-in-chief. Afterward the rallying cry of
the Texas troops under General Houston was
“‘Remember Goliad!”’

Says the Chicago department of health bul-
letin: ““In morals, adulteration is ever debas-
ing; in food, it worketh a lie; in air, it is an
abomination.’’

3

HURRY

““The first great lesson in the Bible story of
creation isthe need of rest,’’ says a writerin
The Castle. The Creator set aside one day
in seven for rest. Nature herself takes long
periods of rest. Man alone spoils his life
by hurry.

Some Americans have the hurry habit so
ingrained in their nature that nearly every-
thing they do is spoiled. They can not even
take their pleasures leisurely. It is always a
rush to do something or to get somewhere.

A noted admiral in the Japanese navy was
being entertained by a New Yorker a few
years ago. One day the admiral was about
to board a local train on the subway when his
friend said: ‘‘Don’t take that train, admiral,
it is a local. We can save four minutes by
taking an express.”’

‘““Yes, but what will you do with the four
minutes which you shall save?’’

Time is the most precious thing in life, and
there is no excuse for wasting it, but the mad
American rush to save a minute destroys
more nervous energy than can be regained in
many minutes. It keeps body and mind in a
state of nervous tension that is destructive
to health and work. Some of us do not seem
to know how to relax.

I often watch people going into the city on
morning trains and cars whose facial expres-
sion shows that their muscles and brain are
on strain. Long before they get to their
destination, they begin to move uneasily in
their seat, all ready to jump, lest they lose a
second, or they will get up and stand in the
aisle several minutes before the train stops.

Now, a chronic sense of hurry not only in-
terfereswith the due performance of work, but
it re-acts on the person who hasit and injures
the nervous system. The wisdom of ages has
been concentrated in the proverbs: '

‘““The more hurry the less speed.”’

‘““Nature never hurries: atom by atom, little
by little, she achieves her work.”’

HISTORIC PAWNEE ROCK

Perhaps it may interest some- of the read-
ers of THE UMPIRE to learn that a short dis-
tance from Pawnee Rock Station, Kansas, is
a high southward facing cliff of sandstone
known as Pawnee Rock, projecting as a
rocky promontory from the broad ridge that
forms the north side-of the valley. The ele-
ments and the hand of man, according to lo-
cal report, have made great changes in its
size and appearance since the days when the
Santa Fe trail passed along its base. ‘Her'e
there were many encounters between the
savages and the whites, and also between
hostile bands of Indians; for the place is not-
ed not only in pioneer history but in Indian
traditions as well. Names and initials of
many travelers, from the early trappers and
the ‘‘forty-niners’’ to the later army de-
tachments, have been scratched on the
smooth faces of the ledges.

— B 1853.
