---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_032.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

w
e e e e

HONOR CLUB NOTES

From every point, the entertainment enjoy-
ed by the 2nd Secticn of the H. F. C. on
Saturday was a success. The musie, movies,
and vaudeville were of the IXL brand, and
each member who was present extends his
thanks to the Warden for permitting the
privilege, and Miss Mae Russell, Mr. Kraupa,
and the performers who entertained.

After the audience had been seated the
Vice-President (A 8432) gave the address of
welcome, bidding all to enjoy themselves.
After theoverture by the H. F. C. orchestra,
under the able leadership of Prof. A. F.
Wiegandt, the lights were darkened, and the
show was on.

The film, ‘‘Let Katy Do It,”” was the star
production Mr. Kraupa gave the Club last
week. This is a five-reel Triangle, featuring
Jane Gray and Tully Marshall.
~ It was good, very good—some say the best
yet produced; but that’s a matter of taste.
Too much can not be said in its favor, and
the interest was intense. At the ending of
the first reel a burst of applause rang out,
and again 1n the third reel the applause was
even greater than the first. Professor Wie-
gandt introduced a cornet soloby B 6765 while
the screen was being shown, which was sweet
and plaintive, and it was appreciated. Pro-
fessor Wiegandt also injected patriotism into
the performance by rendering ‘‘The Star
Spangled Banner’’ in a manner that caused
the audience to rise to a man, while the del-
egates removed their caps inreverence to the
grand old anthem. The act was voluntary,
with nothing but love for country and flag as
the incentive, and indicated that true patriot-
ism is deep and sincere and no condition can
remove it.

Miss May Mitchell opened the vaudeville
with songs and a dancing act. Miss Mitchell
has a classy turn, and her ccstumes are
pleasing. One of her songs, advising how to
hold your best girl, made a hit, and the audi-
ence applauded her for three encores and two
curtains.

Franklin and Bergman, a comedy sketch
team, whom the 1st Section had the pleasure
of enjoying on January 6th, returned to give
the 2nd Section a treat. When Mr. Bergman
stood before the audience and a sweet, musi-
cal female voice, clean and distinct, floated
through the air, few in the audience but be-
lieved that he was impersonating a woman.
Then, as the song ended and Miss Franklin
came into view, the astonishment was com-
plete. For an instant there was silence;
then, like any good fellow, the audience ap-
plauded the ones who had fooled them. The
remainder of the sketch was good, and
they were applauded to the echo. Franklin
and Bergman were a pronounced success to
the 2nd Section. _

Miss Mae Russell had a bag full of surprises
on Saturday. The next number on the pro-
gram was Jean Rhodes, commedienne, and a

beautiful ballet was on, performed by a
beautiful female (?).

The difficult pirouetting on her toes, high
kicking, whirling and dancing left nothing to
be desired in a first-class ballet dance. She
was encored, and another pleasing feature
was added. Again did the audience applaud
and ask for more, and again did Mess Rhodes
respond and sing and dance the most difficult
toe-dancing of her turn. Then, as the ap-
plause was ringing for more, off came her
wig and Mr. Rhodes stood revealed, a mere
man. One fellow said: ‘“Huh, I thought she
was a woman all the time.”” Mr. Rhodes is
a star in his specialty, a female impersona-
tor, and has just finished a long engagement
at Dumont’s Philadelphia house. His act
was enjoyed to the limit.

Radie Troy, comedian, came next, with his
dog. The way Mr. Troy walked into the
laugh-house of the audience and pulled forth
the laughs was something to behold, and
when he came on with ‘‘the other dog”’
hitched to a cable, and they sang a duet, Mr.
Troy and ‘‘the other dog,’’ the audience went
wild. A whole show in himself is Radie
Troy. He occupies every inch of any stage,
and spills over sometimes. The applause he
received labeled him a ‘‘hit’’ feature as an
entertainer.

Morris and Brown, in a musical aect, was
the last of the vaudeville. ThLeir turn was
very good, and so well wecre they received
that they responded to encore after encore.
Mr. Brown did some trick fiddling—right-
hand:d, left-handed, upside down and down-
side up, before and behind—in fact any old
way and every old way to play a fiadle, Mr.
Brown played it. Each performance was
greeted with deserved applause.

Then came ‘‘The Love Riot’” on the film,
and it put every one in a happy humor to go
home(?) sniiling and thankful at having had
one more day’s enjoyment.

Mr. Kraupa was called to the stage and
presented by President R. C. McKenty with
a beautiful silver watch fob made by a mem-
ber (B 6765), and a beautiful and difficult
piece of workmanship. In accepting, Mr.
Kraupa saia he didn’t know why he was re-
ceiving so much from the boys, as it was a
great pleasure to him to be the means of
making the boys happy. Warden McKenty,
who was present, quickly went on the stage,
and replied to Mr. Kraupa with, ‘‘The rea-
son Mr. Kraupa receives so much is because
he gives so much. Now, just to prove that
true, everybody try this plan—try giving to
the other fellow—and see how much fun you
will receive in return. ‘Cast thy bread upon
the waters.””” The members quickly dis-
persed to their homes(?), each voting the
day a good show. :

The Warden was with the Club, and he
was highly pleased with the manner in which
everything was conducted.

In the visitors’ row Mrs. R. C. McKenty
gave her presence, with the President; Mr.
William C. McKenty, Mr. James Casey,

and Mr. Edward Connor, guests of Jimmy
Mulligan and Herbert Kraupa. Mrs. Busby
and Miss Nellie Mendenhall, guests of Miss
Mae Russell, gave the audience the distinction
of their presence and enjoyed many hearty
laughs at the performance. ;

Father Maguire, with the concurrence of
Father O’Kane, as was announced by the
Vice-President (A 8432), has very kindly ar-
ranged the Catholic Mission of this week so
that it will not interfere with the entertain-
mert of Saturday next, for which a vote of
thanks from the members of the H. F. C. is
due.

Saturday, February 17, 1st Section—3 B,
5B,5G,4B,4G, 7B, 7G. BR75 20

Notice—There have been a number of men
lined along the 5th Block wall, before the
blocks come out, who have fallen in with
whatever block came out first.

This will not be tolerated. In future men
presenting themselves for admission to the
entertainment must remain in their cells un-
til 12:30 or they are notified. By order of
THE PRESIDENT.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable
B 7386, 3rd Block.

rates.
ek
FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

FOR SALE—Victrola, in good order, $15.00:
records extra. B 6935, 2nd Biock. (5)

FOR SALE—Mandolin, in good condition,
with case. Price, $2.00. B 7821, 1st Block. (5)

I:O_S']‘——One gray, knitfgd -scarf, belonging
to Professor Wiegandt. (5)

FOR SALE—Photo watch fobs in oxidized
silver, with your enlargement thereon, and
everything demanded by the art trade, 95c.
each. B 7648 and B 6339, Tth Gallery. (5)

FOR SALE—Good mandolin in fine condi-
tion. Price, $2.50. B 7599, 4th Block. (4)

FQR SALE—One new Wurlitzer rosewood
guitar, first-class condition. Will sell for
$4.50. B 6153, 8th Block. (6)

FOR SALE—Scarfs, shawls and. tidies, made
of the best Germantown wool. Prices rea-

sonable, B 7603, 7th Block. (4)
FOR SALE—Fine inlaid boxes. Prices rea-
sonable, Also boxes, lined and polished. B
6523, 7th Block. (4)

FOR SALE CHEAP—One Edison phono-
graph, five dozen two and four minute re-

cords. B 6198, 5th Gallery. (6)
FOR SALE-—Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00.
Will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7th Block. (6)

OLD CHAIRS made neW,rrepaired and up-
holstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6)
FO SALE—Fancy pincushiﬁ(;l;s rﬁéde to or-
der at reasonable prices. Strongly made,
and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (7)

WANTED—To excnange a good mandolin

(new strings) for a gutar. B 8114, 2nd
Block. (D

FOR SALE—Guita‘r Instructor (new): At
$1.00; will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7t§’1 Blgc,k(.:(z’?) -

