---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_033.jpg
---
VOL_ V1

]?-’E-ﬂadelphia, February 21, 1917

| NO.

WASHINGTON’S BIRTHDAY

BAND CONCERT

A select program of popular music has been
arranged by Prof. A. F. Wiegandfgfor a band
concert at this institution on Washington’s
brithday anniversary. The members of the
E. S. P. band will assemble at 2:30 0’clock at
the band-room, from whence they will march
through one of the blocks to the Center. The
program is as follows: :

PROGRAM

Entry March ‘‘American Cadet’’ Hall
‘“‘America’’
1. March ‘‘Hail the Spirit of Freedom”
; Handy
2. Overture ‘“The Amazon”’ Kiesler
3. Rag ‘‘Hesitating Blues” Handy
4. Waltz “Danube Waves”’ Ivanovici
5. Overture ‘‘Silver Bell” Schlepegrell
6. Rag ~ ““Hungarizn Rag”’

7. Selection “‘Crackerjack” Mackey
8. ““The Whistler and His Dog”’ Pryor
“‘Star Spangled Banner’’

Exit March “Fort Popham”’ Hall

Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor

OPPOSES STRIKE LEGISLATION

At a recent hearing of the Public Service
Commission, Samuel Gompers, president of
the American Federation of Labor, told the
members that it was impossible, -even by
legislation, tc prevent strikes. The commis-
sion is considering a plan devised by Oscar
Straus to found a wage bozaid for the settle-
ment of disputes between traction companies
and their employes.

¢“Make your wage board a voluntary one
and 1 am with you heart and soul,”’” Gompers
said, ‘‘but malke it a creature of the law and
we will oppose you. - Should you succeed in
having it become a law, we will fight you in
the courts, and should the courts’ urheld the
law, still ‘we will exercise our God-given
right to cease work when we will, for any
reason or for no reason.’’

HIS JOKING LANDS HIM IN JAIL

News reports that the ‘“United States has

" lost a citizen in Gustave A. Johnson, a Rus-
sian Finn who applied in Jersey City for his fi-

nal papers. ‘What is the Constitution of the

United States?’ asked the Judge. The reply

came, ‘Rugged and healthy, 1 should say.’

Johnson also said the country could go some-

where, whereupon he was sent somewhere

else, to-wit, to jail.”’

GOVERNMENT ALARMED .
OVER LACK OF RECRUITS

Postmasters Ordered to Co-operate In
Securing 50,000 ‘More Men

It is announced by a Washington corre-
spondent that active steps ‘‘are being taken
by the War Department to stimulate recruit-
ing to the point necessarv to bring the enlisted
strength of the army to the full numerical
measure authorized by existing legislation,
including the defense act of June 3rd, 1916,
which authorized the enlargement of the
army in annual increments for the next five
years.

Large batches of circulars ‘‘have been sent
to 50,000 postmasters, as a result of which,
according to information reaching the War
Department, also made public today a circular
letter prepared and issued by direction of the
adjutan’c-general of the army, which is being
sent to all patriotic societies and associa-
tions as well as to individual citizens in con-
nection with offers for service that have
been received by the War Department in large
numbers recently.’’

ANTI-NARCOTIC BILL INTRO-
DUCED AT HARRISBURG

A Harrisburg correspondent states that a
sweeping anti-narcotic bill was introduced in
the House of Representatives last week by
Samuel A. Whitaker, of Chester County.
“Under its terms it becomes a crime for any
person but a druggist, physician or other

authorized person to possess a habit-forming

drug and unlawful for any physician to pre-
seribe narcotics to patients who seek to *be
cured of the habit, without filing with the
Director of Health, or other local health of-
ficer, the name, address and other informa-
tion concering the patient, as well as a diag-
nosis of each case and the nature and amount
of drug prescribed.

“The act also provides detail forms which
physicians, druggists and others qualified to
possess a drug must fill out and place on file
for official inspection at any time. It
makes unlawful the selling, distribution, pre-
seribing or giving away of any habit-forming
drug except under the conditions imposed in
the bill. Druggistsare forbidden to dispense
a drug except upen a prescription of a phy-
sician, and also are required to obtain
from the physician a written order, signed
and properly dated, which must be kept .for
two years, sccessible for official inspection
at any time. Veterinarians are forbidden the
banned drugs for use of a human being.”” -

GOING THE ROUNDS

Tomorrow is Washington’s birthday.

%
£ ES

Have you ordered your spring suit yet?
%
% B
When they say a man is law-abiding, it
isn’t saying much these days.
Some people we know are very easily
shocked; but they seem to enjoy the sensa-

tion pretty well.

S
ke £

The Annual Report of the Eastern State
Penitentiary will be ready for distribution

within a few days.

*
£ sk

Have you ever congcidered that a jury some-
times agrees in order to smoke up and enjoy
a little needed rest?

%k u sk

Did you ever notice the pleasant expressicn
that plays across the face of the man who
sweeps the walks?

o sk

It is true that when a fellow has some
knocking to do he is sure to find plenty of
others who are ready to heip.

£ 3 £

It is somewhat surprising to note the num-
ber of winter lovers that have been hanging
around the radiators for the past week.

sk v R

It is announced that Germany has issued
new coins made of aluminum. The first to
be put in circulation is the cne piennig piece.

* i ES :

When a man of the outer world goes into
a restaurant these days and orders two eggs,
nearly everbody turns around to see if he has
a diamond pin, to ‘‘make good.’’ .

. - ES . %k -

An inmate recently remarked that he “‘wes
always able to attract attenticn at eny stege
in the game.”” ‘‘Yes,”’ remarked a bystend-
er, ‘“no doubt that’s the reason you're ncw

here.”’

£ L Sheh
It’s a measley fellow who asks for a pipe
of tobacco from a friend, and after getting
mych more than asked for, turns to another
and remarks, that ‘‘the chump’s a regular
miser with his weed.”’

ODD LEGAL FEES

Records of a justice of the peace in Butler
County, O., from more than a century ago
show that the magistrate’s fee was then 12}
cents in all cases and that civil actions often
were brought for judgments of iess than $1.

: — Kxchange.
