---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_034.jpg
---
9 S

THE UMPIRE

S ————

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may'A appear on this page. >

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, February 21, 1917

“Men are under the domain of natural law
as much as bees.’’

WASHINGTON’S ANNIVERSARY

If we reread the various addresses of Wash-
ington, “‘in order to envisage ‘the man we
celebrate’ on these recurrent memecrial occa-
sions, it is to regain an inspiration that is
simply overpowering in the matter of a cer-
tain supreme optimistic outlook, wider hori-
zons, broader hopes and a serene confidence
that ‘the experiment’ which he and his
great compeers were then essaying would
not come to naught,’’ says an editorial writer
in the Public Ledger.

‘“‘Believing that ‘the destiny of the republi-
can model,’ the world over, was ‘deeply and
finally staked on the experiment entrusted to
the hands of the American people,” a senti-
ment which was a feature of his First In-
augural of April 30th, 1789, eight years later
he rejoiced in his Eighth Annual and final ad-
dress to be able to assure Congress, on De-
cember Tth, 1796, that the experimert had suec-
ceeded, and he then uttered his last public
but far from despairing supplication that
the government ‘might be perpetual.’

““This last annual address actually came
after the famous ‘Farewell,” which was given
out on September 17th, 1796, and which as
Washington’s last political will and testament
to his beloved people still remains one of the
supreme rallying points of patriotism, and
equally supreme bit of literature. It is full
of the ever familiar sonorities of a rhetorie
that is. never trivial, and, coming from a
mind that could never be petty, it ranks with
the Shakesperean dramas as a memoried ut-
terance, and shares with them in the affec-
tions of the people that good-natured ecriti-
cism of pleased surprise of the gallery that
‘the language is wonderful, since it is en-
tirely made up of famous quotations.” Al-
most every sentence_of the ‘Farewell Ad-
dress’ has become a household phrase, even
though the source is not always recognized.
And while in the ‘Farewell Address’ we get
the principles of government and national
life expounded, it was in the much more prac-
tical ‘annuals’ that the sensible, hard-work-
ing executive, anxious to make the experi-

ment a working success, is revealed. This
he never more surely revealed than in his
ideas looking to the promotion of a strong
central government, the creation of sound fi-
nance, the protection and promotion of our
own industries, in order to make us indus-
trially independent of Europe, and, above all
to the securing of an educational, physical
and military state of preparedness that would
mean the integrity of our boundaries at home
and respect for the country abroad. Indeed,
the famous phrases dealing with this phase
of things, which.belong to the Fifth Annual,
were but a restatement of the thought of
the First Annual of January 8th, 1790, wherein
he said, ‘To be prepared for war is one of
the most effectual means of preserving peace.’

““There is a rank due the United States
among nations which will be withheld if not
absolutely lost by the reputation of weak-
ness. If we desire to avoid insult we must
be able to repel it; if we desire to secure
peace it must be known that we are at all
times ready for war.”’

(From Washington’s Fifth Annual Address,
December 3rd, 1793.)

AS VIEWED BY AN EXPERT

It is most refreshing to read the énlight-
ened opinion of an expert on criminal mat-
ters, and we are pleased to present to our
readers the following excerps, which are ta-
ken from an article originally published in
The Outlook from the pen of no less an au-
thority than former Commissioner of Police
and Chief of Detectives George 8. Dough-
erty, of New York City. His opinion is bas-
ed upon the solid rock of practical 2xperi-
ence and acute observation and should bear
weight with those having the best interest
of the prison inmate at heart.

‘“The general idea of the criminal is that
he is some kind of a creature apart, that ha:
has lost all economic value once he gets in-
side the bars. It is persistence in this unen-
lightened attitude toward him that keeps
him from having an economic value. Nobody
is going to buy a horse that everybody damns,
no matter how good he is. No c¢ne will em-
ploy a man upon whom society has put the
brand of dishonesty. And the thinking people
in the world know how quick society is to
put its brand on a man and how slow it is to
take it off.

““Apart from the immorality of it, we are
cutting off our own noses. We are support-
ing the ex-convict instead of giving him a
chance to support himself. Still more, in-
stead of making him an agent of construc-
tion, we are continuing him as an agent of de-
struction. Economically speaking, it would be
cheaper to keep him in jail than to let him
out, unless we are going to do something
practical for him once he gets out. Bear in
mind, there is no creature among the maim-
ed, the halt, and the blind, so helpless as the
ex-convict, for to the former every man’s
hand is stretched out in sympathy, while ev-
ery man’s face is turned against the latter.,

RELIGICUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish sétvices are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

‘“The trouble of our treatment of the crim-
inal today is tradition—imitation. For thou-
sands of years the guilty were punished by
the most severe methods. We have followed
along the same lines with butslight improve-
ment. There has never been a scientific study
of the criminal in any Old World country,
and we—who pretend to be Christian and
progressive—have done practically no more
than Europe for our unfortunate fellows. Once
a man is convicted of a crime, he is cast
aside as a human derelict and considered be-
yond all redemption. This is not only so in
the case of the so-called hardened criminal,
but in the case of the youthful or accidental
criminal, or the man who, by environment in
penal institutions, gradually develops erimi-
nal tendencies that he did not originally pos-
sess.

““Until very recently it was a common prac-
tise in this country to hound the ecriminal
after he had served his sentence. While to-
day there is a strong inclination to discontin-
ue this practise, it is by no means totally
eliminated. The old adage: ‘Once a criminal,
always a criminal,’ is still applied. In many
sections of the United States the ex-convict
is given ‘hours to leave.” When he leaves .
one locality and enters another, he is given
‘hours to leave’ that. He is hunted and
pushed from pillar topost more than the leper.
There is no safe haven for him.

‘“‘Reformers urge that the ex-conviet should
start life all over again. But they don’t tell
him where or how to start. The trouble is
we are all so narrow and dishonest that we
try to force a helpless man to keep on paying
his debt after he’s already squared it with the
state. P

“One has no idea how easy it is to convict
a man on his record. Where a man should
be given the benefit of the doubt a jury of
self-righteous ‘boneheads’ will say, He’s
an ‘‘ex-con,’’” and he probably did it.

‘“The most remarkable cases of reforma-
tion of criminals that I have known were
where certain courageous, wholesome, decent
women married ex-convicts, knowing all about
them, and succeeded in working them back to
manhood and decency. I don’t know of any
greater captains of .industry than these self-
Same women, because in these cases they have
reclaimed the men not only economically but
morally.”’
