---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_036.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The disappointment was general among
the 1st Section on Saturday when it was
made known that the entertainment could not
be held. '

Owing to misunderstanding, the Vice-Pres-
ident (A 8432) gave the notige on February
10th that the entertainment would be held
as usual, but afterwards conditions arose
that forced the Vice-President to notify the
delegates that ‘‘the show was off.”” This he
did with regret, and no fault of his own, and
he guarantees that, all things equal, the en-
tertainment of February 24th will be equal
to anything yet given. Therefore, let the
disappointment be a boost, and the enjoy-
ment will be the greater. Miss Mae Russell
and Mr. Kraupa, with Herbert, and Jimmy
Mulligan (‘‘the man in the box’’) will be re-
freshed for their holiday and returning bring
a show that will produce an applause that
will make those sixteen-inch guns sound like
a firecracker.

The 1st Section, February 24th—3 B, 5 B,
56, A BA.G, T B, 7G.

—B 75}2.

February 17, 1917.
Mr. Reuben C. McKenty.
Dear Sir:

The President, Mrs. Urquhart,
and the Managers of the Northern Home,
wish to thank the ‘‘Honor and Friendship
Club’’ through you, for their generous dona-
tion of dresses, sweaters and other articles,
to our children.

The ladies very much appre-
ciate the gift, and send all good wishes for
the success of your Club.

Very Truly,

L. M. Henry, Cor. Sec’y.

ELIMINATION OF 1005 USELESS
LAWS BILL PASSES

It is announced from Harrisburg that sixty-
seven bills providing for the repeal of obso-
. lete laws were introduced in the House at
the late afternoon session by Mr. Whitaker,
of Chester. These bills were included in a
single act known as ‘‘the omnibus repealer’’
in the session cf 1915, which was vetoed by
the Governor on the ground that they should
have been grouped according to subjects.
The bills presented were drawn to meet the
objecfions. They would repeal 1005 Jaws
which have either been superseded or declared
unconstitutional by the courts..

SENT TO JAIL FOR LIBELING WASHING-
TON

A correspondent says that ‘‘for libeling the
memory of George Washington, Paul Huffer,
a Socialist, has been sentenced to four months
in the county jail at Tacoma, Wash. A year
ago Haffer wrote a letter to the newspapers
saying that the father of his country was a
slave-owner, drank liquor and used bad lan-
guage.’’

WALT MASON ON BOOZE

So it happened that ‘I wandered to the
grogshop, Tom; I stood behind the bar and
drank a bowl of lemonade and smoked a rank
cigar; the same old kegs and jugs were
there, the ones we used to know when we
were on the round-up, Tom, some fifteen
years ago. The barkeeper is a new one,
Tom; the one who used to sell corrosive tan-
glefoot to us is stoking now in H—alifax;
the new one has a plate grass front, his hair
is combed quite low, he looks just like the
one we knew some fifteen years ago. Old
soaks came up and called for booze, and
burned the lining from their throats with
fine old Holland gin; and women stood out-
side the door’’ their faces streaked and made
hideous with paint, others with ‘‘their faces
seamed with woe and wept just as they used
to weep some fifteen years ago. I asked
about our old-time friends—those cheerful,
sporty men—and some were in the poor-
house, Tom, and some were in the pen; and
one—the one we liked the best—the hangman
laid him low; the world is much the same,
dear Tom, as fifteen years ago. I asked
about that stately chap whom pride marked
for its own; he used to say that he could
drink or let the stuff alone; he perished of
the James H. Jams, out in the storm and
snow; ah, few survive who used to bowl
some fifteen years ago. New crowds line up
against the bar and call for crimson ink, new
hands are trembling as they pour the stuff
they shouldn’t drink; but still the same old
watchword rings, ‘This round’s on me, you
know!” The same old cry of doom we heard
some fifteen years ago. I wandered to the
churchyard, Tom, and there I saw the graves
of those who used to drown themselves in
red, fermented waves, and there were wom-
en sleeping there where grass and daisies
grow, who wept and died of broken hearts
some fifteen years ago. And there were
graves where children slept, have slept for
many a year, forgetful of the woe that
marked their short, sad journey here; and
‘neath a fine tall monument in peace there
lieth low the man who used to sell the booze
some fifteen years ago.’’

— Nebraska State Journal.

SENTENCED TO TWENTY DAYS IN BED

““Local No. 1, Branch 711, Sons of Rest,”’
organized by fourteen Industrial Workers of
the World when they began a twenty-day
sentence in a prison camp near Duluth, Minn.,
was dissolved recently when the men were
released. They had declared a strike against
any form of manual labor, and for punish-
ment were sent to bed for twenty days and
kept there, except for meals.

The finger-print will no longer be the dis-
tinguishing mark of the criminal. For the
first time in the history of a probate court in
Wisconsin, a will has been filed bearing a fin-
ger-print, which is offered as a signature.

LITTLE DREADNOUGHT ON SHOW

A miniature of the United States dread-
nought Pennsylvania, which is on exhibition
at one of the department stores, attracted
large crowds last week. The model is oper-
ated by an automatic electric system and
goes through the maneuvers of a warship
from the simplest movement to the tiring of
the great guns. Bt :

The miniature is thirteen feet in length,
twenty-four inches wide, has a displacement
of 750 pounds, a draft of nine and a half
inches and has a speed of fourteen miles an
hour. The inventor, Samuel Orkin, said -it
took him two and a half years to build the
model, at a cost of $15,000. The tiny flag-
ship is built entirely of steel.

“THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisemen‘zs must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. R
FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes

and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

FOR SALE—Mandolin, in goiod>r Icondition,
with case. Price, $2.060. B 7821, 1st Block. (5)

LOST—One gray, knitted scarf, belonging
to Professor Wiegandt. (5)
FOR SALE—Photo watch fobs in oxidized
silver, with your enlargement therecn, and-

everything demanded by the art trade, 95c.
each. B 7648 and B 6339, 7th Gallery. (5)

FOR SALE—Good mandolin in fine condi-
tion..  Price, $2.50. B 7599, 4th Block. (4)

FOR SALE—Orne new Waurlitzer rosewood
guitar, first-class condition. Will sell for
$4.50. B 6153, 8th Block. (6)

FOR SALi}*Scarf& shawls and tidies, made
of the best Germantown wool. Prices -rea-

sonable, B 7603, 7th Blcck. (4)
FOR SALE—Fine inlaid boxes. Prices rea-
sonable. Also boxes, lined and polished. B
6523, Tth Biock. 3 4)

FOR SALE CHEAP Ope Edison phono-
graph, five dozen twoe and four minute re-
cords. DB 6198, 5th Gallery. (6)

FOR SALE—Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00.-
Will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7th Block. (6)

OLD CHA

FOR ASWALWI;j:(i’;ﬁta/rfViﬁstructor (ﬁew)-;?-—cosﬁ
$1.00; will se!l for 75¢.- B 7906, 7th Block. (8)
FOR SALE-Guitar and mandolin, in good
condition. Will sell cheap. B 8332 4th Gal-
}ery. i (8)

FOR SALE New Wicr Wl
$15.00.  Sell. with ten records, for $12.00.
B 7889, 9th Block. ' wOnTE)

FOR SALE;i;&ty néW records for —$15_. 00.
B 6939, 2nd Block. (8)

