---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_037.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, February 28, 1917

NO. 9

E. S. P. CHOIR HOLD SONG
- SERVICE ON CENTER

The monthly song service of the E. S. P.
choir was held on the Center at this institu-
tion on Sunday afternoon last. The program
as arranged by Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, con-
sisted of several numbers of sacred song selec-
tions from the popular hymns of the day, which
proved entertaining to the inmates and vis-
itors. The choristers did well in song and they
were ably supplemented by the even playing
of the orchestra. The program is given below.

PROGRAM
0}-——)&&—-‘-—- :

March from Athalia Mendelsohn
Hymn No. 5 (R. B.) Chas. H. Gabriel
(a)—What a Saviour
(b) —Only a Sinner, (R. B. 15)°
Hymn No. 35 (R. B.) D. B. Towner
(a)—Some Day I Shall Know
(b) —There’s a Great Day Coming
(R. B. 36)
Longing Katsch
Hymn No. 109 (B. S.) B. D. Ackley
(a) —At the Place of Prayer
(b)—Behold the King, (182 B. S.)
Hymn No. 235 (B. S.) Chas. H. Gabriel
(a) —Calling the Prodigal
(b)—Why Not Now? (206 B. S.)
-0 Lamb of God
A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor

W=

Pizet

A LETTER OF APPRECIATION

McCSHERRYSTOWN, PA.,
Feb’y 22nd, 1917.
To the Honor & Friendship Members:

I certainly will write a few words, thank-
ing you very, very much for your kindness,
EmEsure:

Children are very well pleased with cloth,
and everything was fine and dainty.

Also hear you boys have sent me ten dol-
lars, which is a great help to me.

Your kindness is highly appreciated, as I'm
very much in need.

Hoping you not to forget us in future.
Many, many thanks also from little ones.

Yours,

THE STARS AND STRIPES FOREVER

A clever piece of electrical work was on
exhibition at the intersection of the 2nd, 10th
and 11th blocks at this instituticn on Washing._
ton’s birthday. It consisted of an arrangement
of colored electric lights formed to represent
the Stars and Stripes, with an appearance of
wave motion to the flag. It was an inge-
njous contrivance to say the least, and reflects
credit on the men of the Electric Department.
B 6652 designed and built the flash mechanism.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

After two weeks’ vacation it was no wonder
that the 1st Section of the H. F. C. came out
on Saturday with all the confidence that it
was to see and enjoy a good show.

It appeared as though Miss Mae Russell
came prepared to show just what she could
do, while Mr. Kraupa made good his promise
of two weeks since and gave the boys
“‘Hell’s Hinges’’ on the film. Every one was
saying, ‘‘Big show this week.”’ Pete said
““We’re going to have something good.”’
Even in the line,it was ‘“What’s it going to
be?’’

With interest keyed to the straining point
the members became quickly seated and the
H. F. C. orchestra, with Professor Wiegandt
leading, rendered the tune of tunes, ‘‘The
Star Spangled Banner.”” Each man rose to
his feet and stood silent and impressed, as the
beautiful musie rolled forth. Those who did
not understand, felt the solemnity of the
moment and stood intent and attentive.
Could some one but see from the stage the
expression on the faces of the men assembled
there on Saturday, they would know that
there is good material in the Honor and

riendship Club, and Warden McKenty is
appealing to the best there is in them. After
the obeisance to ‘“The Star Spangled Ban-
ner,’’ Vice-President A 8432 gave the address
of welcome. Pete has the members well in
hand, and it don’t require many words. Every
one knows he wants them to enjoy themselves,
but lest they forget he reminds the boys of
the small things they are expected to do.

The H. F. C. orchestra rendered an over-
ture from ‘‘Naida’’ in a manner both pleasing
and perfect and received well-merited ap-
plause. Mr. Kraupa gave the film of the
series when he presented ‘‘Hell’s Hinges,”’
an Ince-Triangle production, featuring Will-
iam S. Hart. When it is known that in tak-
ing one scene five hundred people were trap-
ped in a burning building and held there by
the camera until it was no acting but real
fear as to whether they were to get out alive,
and that an entire town was built and burned
to make this wonderful picture; that William
S. Hart is a dead shot and keeps a tin can in
the air with shots from his revolver; that it
cost $250,000 to produce the film and it has
only been released a few weeks since, then
Mr. Kraupa’s value as an honorary member
of the H. F. C. becomes apparent. - All
hats off to Mr. Kraupa, honorary member of
the HISE:SC.

And not one jot does this take from the
appreciation of the members for the other
honorary member, Miss Mae Russell. Right
on the job with her high-class vaudeville, she

met Billy Murrell in Broad Street Station and
he kindly consented to commit himself to
“‘the hill’’ for one hour. Mr. Murrell was first
on the bill and if hearty applause is pleasing
to him, he was well satisfied. His mono-
logue was good, fresh, and full of punch. He
took a fall out of an Italian, Dutchman,
Irishman, and a Jew, and colored preachér,
and each character had its coterie of appre-
ciation, and the laughs were continuous. An
encore produced a recitation which was well
received. He promised to return. Make good,
Billy Murrell. We need you. :

Miss Lydia Langton, Queen of Rag-Time,
was the next artist. Her songs were good
and well rendered, while she did not give a
specimen of her rag-time dance ability, but
every indication was that her title, ‘‘Queen of
Rag-Time,’’ could be lived up to. Miss Lang-
ton displayed a very striking costume and
her songs were so well received that she
returned for three encores and a curtain-
call. :

Mr. Dilks, the black-face comedian, accom-
panied by his son on the piano, gave a splen-
did eccentric musical act, with a battered
old wash-boiler that he threw around any old
way; he finally rigged it up with a wooden leg
as a bass violin, and with his son accompany-
ing him, gave an admirable performance; he
changed them to a tin whistle, and did some
difficult music stunts, then some good trick
stuff on a real violin; to change again to a
molasses can, which had a string run through
it, on which, with a bow, he again did some
fiddling, a change to a smaller can and string,
on which Mr. Dilks imitated a pig under a
fence and a chicken, completed Mr. Dilks’
performance and the applause was long and
lasting.

Wilson and Woods, premiers in vaudeville,
were next announced by Miss Mae Russell.
who also said that Mrs. Woods was once sec-
retary for the Orpheum in New York, and
with Miss Russell toured Europe together in
juvenile vaudeville. As a team in their own
specialty Wilson and Woods are a feature.
Wilson in his quick, nimble, twisting, and
clever repartee is what is required to empha-
size Mrs. Woods’ talent. Their act was good
and was received with hearty applause. They
were encored and returned for two curtain-
calls, then made way for a ‘‘chip off the old
block,”” Baby Woods, the sweetest little elf
one could imagine. Baby Woods’ perform-
ance was very good, and it was well applauded.

Professor Peel, who Miss Russell announced,
¢‘4rains chorus girls to ride in their own lim-
ousines,”’ next gave a monologue that was
well received and given applause. He was
followed by Baby Lyons, who made her first

(Continued on page 4.)
