---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_038.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, February 28, 1917
“Men succeed only by working with other
men and for other men.’’

EASING OUR BURDENS

As we advance in the deeper studies of life
it becomes apparent to the careful observer
that great efforts are made by those we see
around us to overcome difficulties that are of
comparative negligible quality, but owing to
a sense of fear or doubt the simple task be-
comes burdensome or hard to perform, and
the cause for this is not hard to find. Strain-
ing effort in any "action usually denotes a
fear of some kind—a fear in regard to strength
or ability to carry out our desire. For if we
were confident, believing that we are equal
to the occasion, we make but little effort.
Things come easily and naturally, and it is
only when we feel ourselves unequal *to the
task that all kinds of difficulties seem to im-
pede the way of attainment.

Perhaps it would be well to make up our
minds, before beginning anything, whether
we have the necessary ability or not for the
work. If we find a weak link in our chain
of knowledge then make repair and proceed
in confidence that we will “make good.”” If
necessary let us make a resolution of 'confi-
dence in ourselves that will last for all time

. —an affirmation that we have the same pos-
sibilities that most mankind possesses. That
which may be seen in another can usually be
acquired by persistent application.

If perchance we become discouraged by
several failures, we should persist and push
on, not thinking or talking of failure; for
that is unthinkable if we strive for success.

It is not unusual to hear some one say, ‘I
will try,’” and usually they say this in a man-
ner that plainly indicates doubt or hesitation.
Perhaps they may think it best not to appear
so self-assertive as to say, “I will and. I
can’’ do my best. If we take the positive
attitude of mind, we will find that it leads to
a successful unfoldment far more rapidly
than when we assume the ‘“I’ll try’’ attitude.

If we turn all thought resolutely to the
higher or spiritual part of life, it becomes
easy to affirm that “‘all things are possible’’
to us, and that ‘‘this universe is for nothing
else than to succeed in.”’ '

‘“‘Be ye transformed by the renewing of
the mind,’” and this we may do by dropping
the word failure from our thoughts, and con-
stantly affirming the word Success.

EGOTISM

We are all egotists one way or the other.

The ego of each one of us—that greedy,
insistent, insatiable and domineering in-
stinct which says and reiterates that the best
is none too good for us—is responsible for
much of the misery of mankind.

Take any girl with passable features, ordi-
nary physique and medium intelligence. In

' her dreams she pictures a possible lover of

supreme beauty, brilliant intellect and inex-
haustible wealth, who will one day fall be-
fore her charms. :

Many marriages are failures for no other
reason than the insatiable egotism of both
parties, which demands and keeps on de-
manding consideration, diplomacy, flattery,
yet never proffering aught in return.

Though the girl knew this man was high-
tempered when she married him, and knew
of insolence too, and a carelessness in regard
to keeping his word, yet she married him,
with her eyes open. Then, as the years go
by, these things grate_on her; she refuses to
face the fact that they are constitutional in-
firmities, and as unchangeable a part of him
as the nose on his face. And she continues
to nag and make life unpleasant, never real-
izing that she too has faults that have to be
put up with.

Then a man marries a pretty face, think-
ing little of what is back of it. He soon comes
to realize that a pretty face alone is a poor
thing to live with. Or, perhaps, on the.oth-
er hand, he marries an intellect alone, and,
soon or late, tires of his bargain. But he
lacks the philosophy to make the best of it;
he fails to remind himself that he is respon-
sible for the condition of affairs; fails to put
the blame where it belongs. His egotism
blinds him, and so he considers the scheme
of the universe entirely at fault.

The pessimist does not exist who is not
surcharged with egotism.  He takes himself
as the standard of measurement in weighing
what little else there is of the world, and in
his mind it does not nearly come up to the
mark. :

In our friends we expect the highest at-
tainments: constancy, devotion, ideal senti-
ment, as well as sympathy and material as-
sistance. Yet we seldom stop to question
whether we deserve these things.

Truly astonishing, when we come to think
of it, is the natural, inborn egotism of most
poor mortals. ~

Half our troubles, failures and sorrows are
due to the fact that we think the universe
was designed to nicely fit down around our-
selves, rather than we to fit ourselves into it.

—Charles Grant Miller.

Discontent that is born of envy is a foe to
peace.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

INTERNATIONAL LAW

(Printed by Request.)

According to reliable authorities the affirm-
ation that international law is at one and the
same time both national and international
has very far-reaching and practical signifi-
cance for the work of building a new inter-
national order. ;

All the ccurts of Great Britizn, beginning
with Lord Chancellor Talbot in 1733 and in-
cluding Lord Chief Justice Mansfield in 1764,
have held that the law of nations is part of
the common law of England. No less a per-
son than Sir William Blackstone supported
this principle in his Commentaries. This
principle also holds good equally well in the
United States as in Great Britain, a fact to
which both Thomas Jefferson and Alexander
Hamilton bore decisive testimony, as may be
easily noted by referring to United States
history.

One would not have to look further back
than the present generation to find that the
United States supreme court has held that
international law is part of our law and that,
in order to ascertain and administer it in
cases where there is no treaty and no con-
trolling executive or legislative act or judi-
cial decision, resort must be had to the cus-
toms and usages of civilized nations.

CASTLE GARDEN

From information at hand we glean the
facts that Castle Garden was built by the
United States in the year of 1807 from the
plans drawn by Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan
Williamg, C. E., and at that time it was call-
ed Fort Clinton. In the year of 1822 it was
ceded to New York City; two years later
(1824) it became a place of amusement, and
some time during the year of 1826 it received
the name which it now bears. In 1845 there
were Kthiopian minstrels there; in 1847-’49
theatrical companies played there; in 1850
Jenny Lind sang there; in 1855 it was closed as
a place of amusement, and the commissioner
of emigration took it as an emigrant depot;
in 1870 it suffered irom fire, and on July 9th,
1876, 1t was burned to the ground. It was re-
built at once. 1In 1892 the depot was moved

- to Ellis Island, and Castle Garden reverted to

the city, which in 1896 opened an aquarium
there.
