---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_039.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

A CURIOUS ALASKAN VILLAGE

Describing an old Alaskan landmark a
writer in an exchange says that ‘‘no other
locality is quite like old Kassan National
Monument,’’ a unique tract of land held by
the United States government. It consists
of thirty-eight acres within the Tongass na-
‘tional forest, Alaska, and the tract embraces
the well-known abandoned Haida Indian vil-
~ lage of Old Kassan, situated on Prince of
Wales Island, in southeastern Alaska, about
thirty miles west of the city of Ketchikan.

““The village was abandoned by the Indians
about ten years ago. Among the relics which
. remain there are about fifty Indian totem
poles, five or six of which are classed as ex-
ceedingly good specimens. In the deserted
village there are also eight large square
buildings which were originally constructed
according to the peculiar plan of the Haida
Indians and which, it is stated by those best
qualified to know, represent the best speci-
mens of Haida architecture that now exist.
The largest of these buildings is approxi-
mately 40x60 feet in size and is made entirely
of round.and carved timbers.

‘““There also remain a number of Indian
graves, with the typical small grave houses
erected by the Alaskan Indians. ‘Kassan’ is
said to be the Indian word which means ‘a
pretty town,’ and all reports agree that the
village was well named. The fact that the
village was occupied by the Indians for many
years explains the local name, ‘Old’ Kassan,
by which it is widely known. Since the vil-
lage was abandoned by the Indians the build-
ings have been rapidly falling into a state of
dilapidation and decay.’’

OUR FIRST BATTLESHIP

Of our so-called modern American battle-
ships, the old 7exas of Spanish-American
warfare was the first. She was authorized
by Congress in 1886 and was completed six
years later. The original battleship was
little over 300 feet long and had a displace-
ment of 6,315 tons. The present day Texas
is 554 feet long and has a tonnage of 27,000
tons. The old Texas ended her days as a tar-
get for navy practise.

ABOUT THE LOUVRE

It is said that the Louvre dates away back
to the reign of Dagobert in 628. In 1204 it
was a prison and in 1364 was made into a
library. The new building was begun by
Francis I in 1528 and enlarged and adorned
by successive kings, principally by Louis
XIV. Butit was Napol:an [ who gave the
Louvre its real glory. Turning it into a mu-
seum, Napoleon deposited in it the finest
collection of paintings, statues and art treas-
ures known in the worid. The magnificent
buildings of the new Louvre were begun by
Napoleon I and completed by Napoleon III
about 1857.

THE MOTHER TO HER SON
(Printed by Request.)

““There is no height, no depth, that could set
us apart;

Body of mine, soul of mine, heart of my

heart.

There is no sea so deep, no mountain so

high

That I could not come to you if I heard your
cry.

There is no hell so sunken, no Heaven so steep,

Where I should not seek and find you, and
keep.
Now you are gentle, dear, sweet as a Rose—
Not a stain on my spotless one—white as the
SNOWS. ;
If some day you would come to me, heavy
with sin,

I, your Mother, would open the door and let
you in. :

I would wash you white again with my tears
and grief;

Body of mine, soul of mine, till you found
relief.

Tho’ you had sinned all sins there are ’twixt
East and West,

You should find my arms wide for you, ycur
head on my breast.

Child, if I were in Heaven and you were in
hell—

Angels white as my spotless one stumbled
and fell!

I would leave the fields of God—Queen
Mary’s feet,

Straight to the heart would go seeking my
sweet. ;

God mayhap would turn Him at sound of the

door:

“Who is it goes out from Me, to come back

no more?’

Then the Blessed Mother would say from her
throne:

‘Son ’tis a Mother seeking her own—

Body of mine, soul of mine, born of me,

Thou wert once little, darling, beside my
knee.

It is so that Mothers are made—Thou madest
them so; -

Body of mine, soul of mine, do I not know?’”’

g — Author Unknown.

An exchange mentions the fact that War-
den Murphy, of the Oregon State Peniten-

tiary, recently put twenty-six members of the.

“‘honor gang’’ to the supreme test when he
sent them forth to capture one of their fel-
low-prisoners. who had violated the privilege
extended to him. Every one of the men re-
turned, and they brought the fugitive with
them. It is an encouraging condition, in the
larger penal and correctional institutions
everywhere in the United States, that the
persons responsible for the conduct of the
inmates are learning that those in their charge
can, in most instances, be trusted. When
the prisoners themselves learn this, their re-
storation will be an easy next step.

THE ORIGIN OF “CHAP”

The word ‘‘chap’’ is said to be simply an
abbreviation.of chapman, the merchant of
former days, and is derived from the Anglo-
Saxon ‘‘cheap,’” a bargain. The word almost
brings before us the loud voiced ‘‘cheap
Jack’ as he cries his wares in the cheaping
or market. Chap seems to have come into
common use at the end of the sixteenth cen-
tury and is rarely mentioned in books before
1700. Johnson does not recognize it, though
Steele uses it in 1712 in the Spectator (¢‘If
you want to sell, here is your chap’’), and it
is found in Bailey’s Dictionary, 1731. Its
original meaning of a buyer or seller still
lingers in the dialects of many counties.
Coupled with the adjectivesold, young, little,
poor, it was and isused in familiar language,
as it is relative, a queef ‘‘customer.’’ Todd,
1818, affirms that a good chap meant one to
whom credit might be given, whereas not
qualified by good it was a term of con
tempt.

AN ODD GAS BURNER

From a writer in the Popular Science
Monthly we learn that a woman’s thimble
suggested the first gas burner. ‘“William
Murdock, the inventor, first burned the gas
as it came from the end of a pipe. One day
he wished to stop the illumination quickly.
Looking around for an extinguisher, he seized
his wife’s thimble and thrust it over the
light, which immediately went out.

‘“There was a strong odor of gas, however,
and Murdock, seeing that the end of the
thimble was full of tiny holes, touched a light
to it. Through all the holes jets of flame
appeared, and the experim:nter was sur-
prised to find that the illumination from those
tiny jets was greater than that given by the
flare from the end of the pipe. Acting on the
principle that this chance discovery revealed,
Murdock made what was known as the ‘cock-
spur burner.’ *’

THE JUMPING COCOON

A noted traveler who recently returneo
from an extensive trip through South and
Central America, tells how many visitors to
the south-western states” and Mexico have
amused themselves by watching the queer
motions of ‘‘jumpirg beans,’’ the seed ves-
sels of a plant, each of which contain the
pupa of an insect whose spasmodic move-
ments cause the bean to hop and roll about.

More remarkable are the ‘‘jumping co-
coons’’ found in South Africa. The cocoon
is formed by the mother insect and is very
hard. The pupa when ready to emerge must
cut its way out. The front of its head has a
sharp, chisel-like edge, and by driving this
against the inside of the shell it gradually
makes a hole. The violent motions of the
pupa within cause the cocoon to leap so that
one has been seen to spring out of a small
glass tumbler.
