---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_040.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 1.)

appearance on a stage. Miss Russell took
the occasion to say, ‘‘who knows but what
some day we will be paying tribute to Baby
Lyons as a star.”” Verily! Who knows? Be
sure that each one who saw Baby Lyons on
Saturday wishes her every success for the
future.

A message from our youngest member,
‘‘La Petite Elba,’’ says, ‘‘Tell the H. F. C.
I’m going away, but I wish -them luck, and
the very next time I’'m in Philadelphia I’ll
be out to see them.”” Good! Always wel-
come, little sister.

Then came Billy Davis, premier mono-
loguist. Some entertainer is Billy Davis. One
continuous performance of laughs while Billy
is on the stage. He would just rip off a joke
in his own inimitable way and his words
tickled and tore the laughs right. Mr. Davis
needs not our praise, but by his own wit and
efforts we pronounce what he is, a premier
monologuist. He was applauded to the echo
and responded cheerfully.

Every one in Philadelphia remembers Peter
Maher, the Irish champion, and all will be
sorry to know that he is lying in Bellevue
Hospital, New York City, in a serious condi-
tion. The fact that he is a resident of Phila-
delphia increases the interest in the next
number on the program, Mrs. Peter Maher
and Peter Maher, Jr. Had they been an-
nounced as ‘‘The Mahers,’’ brother and sis-
ter, none would have questioned the asser-
tion. Their act is bright and filled with the
real success stuff. Peter, Jr., has some very
classy steps in his dancing and repartee, is
sharp and appropriate, with just enough
sauce in it to make i* bright, ‘and with enough
quip to make one sit up and take notice. Just
enough resemblance to his father to reecall
Peter, Sr. The turn of the son will stand
alone and merits praise. Mrs. Maher 1etains
that charm of manner and sweetness of voice
that charmed all who ever heard her, and
the audience gave all attention when she sang
““Roll on Silver Moon’” in a voice that to hear
is to remember alwavs. Both Mrs. Maher
and Peter, Jr., were very kind to respond to
the repeated encores, and the H. F. C. ap-
preciates their kindness.

‘‘Saved by Wirelesss’’ was the closing film,
a Chester Conkling feature. It was good
and was enjoyed to the limit. With auto-
mobiles, motoreycles, areoplanes, yachts,
and bombs, could there be anything desired
to top off the big show of the series? Nine
vaudeville turns and two films. Is there a
theater in the world that gives such a show
for the money? Miss Mae Russell is entitled
to the Club’s thanks. Mr. Kraupa is entitled
to the Club’s thanks. -

But these thanks, and more too, must be
given to Warden McKenty, who by the privi-
lege he grants the members admits of the pos-
sibility of enjoying these entertainments. The
Warden was there on Saturday and enjoyed
himself seeing others enjoy themselves. A
vote of thanks to our Warden and our friends.

And don’t forget our friend Jimmy Mulligan
(‘“the man in the box’’); no nice job doubled
up in that iron box, but Jimmy and ‘“Doec’’
Bira strike a little engine trouble now and
again, but a hot potato accelerator fixes
things up.

Sitting in the visitors’ row were noticed
Mrs. R.C. McKenty and Miss Elsie McKenty.
Mr. William McKenty was present. Presi-
dent R. C. Mc¢Kenty was withus. Mrs. Bus-
by was with Mae Russell as her guest. With
Mr. Kraupa were Herbert Kraupa, P. J.
Mulligan, Joseph Vans, William Guglesmoth
and Peter Cipal. Mr. Meyers was an interest-
ad spectator.

The H. F. C. pianist (B 6252) was up to
form: It had him guessing why Wilson
called him a pancake (pe-an-cake). The cry
is out for Sam. Where were you, Sam?
Come home to your drum. Looked like
spring in the hall; the boys had their coats
off. A couple of more shows and the H. F.
C. baseball team will be looking for training

quarters. If you believe you can play ball,
maybe you can. Stand up for a try-out any-
way.

March 3rd, 2nd Scetion—6 B, 6 G, 8-9 B, 10
B, i B, 11 B, 12-2-12, 1-12 B.
—B 75)2.

WASHINGTON’S BIRTHDAY

The band formed in line and marched down
the 11th Block. “‘Curly’s’ surprise was
there. ‘‘Halt!”” was the command of Band
Director Professor Wiegandt, and the fifty-
two members of the E. S. P. Band came to
attention. There before them was a shadow
box in which was ‘““Old Glory’’ in electrical
display. To describe this beautiful conzep-
tion does not convey its beauty by any
means. It is eight feet across and five feet
six inches high, in perfect fac-simile of the
American flag waving in a breeze. The azure
contains the forty-eight stars. Representing
the Union in each star is an electric globe,
while the thirteen stripes representing the
original states’ signers of the Declaration
are studded with electric bulbs alternating
red and white. The waving effect is produc-
ed by electricity, the conception of ‘‘Curly”’
(B 8361) and made under his supervision by
the students in the electric school, each
member of which has learned what he knows
of electricity in the school maintained by the
IS e :

As the band halted before this beautiful
masterpiece, Professor Wiegandt raised his
baton and the strains of ‘‘The Star Spangled
Banner,”” Keyes’ immortal poem, were pro-
duced, and the music, gaining volume as it
proceeded, reached the men in their cells. A
silence as in prayer enveloped the old prison
until the music had ceased, then a mighty
roar of applause arose and continued for
some moments. A different atmosphere ap-
peared to prevail after Professor Wiegandt and
the band marched on. Many men and wom-
en too felt the tightening of the throat that

goes with the patriotic sentiment and love
for country that lies innate in the breast of
every man when the flag of his country is in
view. Work like this electrical flag serves
topromote two purposes: the love and up-keep
of patriotic love and demonstrating to a man
that his efforts under any environment are
worth while and are productive of worth if
guided in the right channels.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. R

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ . to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

FOR SALE CHEAP—One Edison phono-
graph, five dozen two and four minute re-

cords. B 6198, 5th Gallery. (6)
FOR SALE—Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00.
Will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7th Block. . (6)

OLD CHAIRS made new, repaired and up-
holstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6)

FO ﬁSAL'E:—Fiancy pincushions made to or-
der at reasonable prices. Strongly made,
and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (9)

FOR SALE—Guitar and mandolin, in good
condition. Will sell cheap. B 8332, 4th Gal-
lery. (8)

HOR ISALE=New WictorWierolh e
$15.00. Sell, with ten records, for $12.00.
B 7889, 9th Block. " (8)

FOR SALE—Forty new records for $15.00.
B 6939, 2nd Block. (8)
FOR SALE—One rocking-chair; high back,
cane bottom; in good condition. Reasonable,
B 7810, 3rd Block. 9)

FdR SK‘LE—A mandolin, in good con(iition.
Will sell, with case, for $2.00. B 7800, 1st
Block. 9)

WATCH FOBS—Gold filled wired, made of
mother-of-pearl; also necktie pins made of
same materiel. Excellent workmanship at
reasonable prices. Canary Bird King, B
5575, 6th Block. 9)
FOR SALE—Joseph Ricketts Philadelphia
11-inch head, 22 brackets, Al tone, in good
condition; a collapsible music-stand and ban-
jo music. All for $4.00. B 7144, 12th Block,
1st Gallery. - 9)

FOR SALE—Guitar, in good condition. Will
sell {or $3.00. B 6260, 1st Block. 9)

FOR SALE—Very fancy post-cards; the on-
ly ones of their kind; 5 for 25c. B 7047,
7th Block. (9)

SACRED HEARTS pai‘i;ted in oil colors on
post-cards, 5c. each. B 7648, Tth Gallery. ()]

FOR SALE—Music and mandolin, in good.
condition; loud tone. Price, $2.00. B 8024,
1st Block. 9)

SUiTCASES made to order. Several styles,
and colors and goods to select from; $3.00 -
up. B 8231, 5th Block. ' 9)

