---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_041.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, March 7, 1917

3 NO. 10

TO USE PRISON LABOR
ON STATE HIGHWAYS

Allegheny County Commissioners to
Draw on E. S. P. for Men— An
Anti-Cigarette Bill

A Harrisburg correspondent states that a
bill was recently introduced in the House by
Mr.-Horne, of Cambria, providing for the
use of prison labor on highways. The County
Commissioners are to be furnished the men
from jails and penitentiaries, and they must
stand the expense of guarding the prisoners
while at work. Under the provisions of this
bill the Commissioners of Delaware County
could obtain priscners from the Western Peni-
tentiary to do their road work, and the Alle-
gheny County Commissioners could compel
Warden McKenty, in Philadelphia, to send men
from the Eastern Penitentiary to the Western
county. :

Another bill was also introduced by Mr.
Horne, to be known as the anti-cigarette
bill, which prohibits the manufacture, sale,
furnishing or giving away of cigarettes or
cigarette papers, and any one caught smok-
ing one is liable to a ten-dollar fine. If a boy
refuses to give the name of the person who
furnished him with a cigarette the bill pro-
vides he shall be turned over to the juvenile
court.

THIRTEEN PROVES UNLUCKY
FOR LABOR GRAFTERS

From late news reports it is learned that
all thirteen defendants in the celebrated ‘‘la.
bor graft’’ case at Chicago, were found guilty
on charges of conspiracy and maintenance of
a boycott, in the Federal Court in that city.
The defendants are four former business
agents of the Electrical Workers’ Union and
nine members of the Chicago Switchboard
Manufacturers. Acts of vandalism, persecu-
tion by means of strikes and bribery were
charged as the specific means by which the
defendants kept outside manufacturers who

were not in the ‘‘ring’’ from obtaining or
filling contracts. -

Michael J. Boyle, said to have accumulated
a fortune as business agent of Local 134, was
regarded as the leader in the so-called con-
spiracy.

NOTICE

In order to avoid confusion it is necessary
to conform to a few rules to facilitate pub-
cation. Manuscript submitted for publi-
cation should be orignal (not copied), of in-
telligent English, and written on one side of
each sheet.

Articles containing about five hundred
words are about the limit suitable for pub-
lication in THE UMPIRE.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

A member of the 2nd Section remarked
after seeing the performance (his first) on
Saturday, ‘“Wonderful; I've lived sixty-five
years, and this is the first real theater I was
ever in.”” Of the nine hundred men assem-
bled in the H. F. C. theater on Saturday
there are eight hundred and ninty-nine others
who will say ‘‘I never saw a better perform-
ance.”” There has been some confusion about
tickets to the show, and therefore, as Pete
wanted to play square, he put it up to the
Warden and President R. C. McKenty. The
reply came quick and to the point, ‘“‘Put just
as many men in the hall as it will hold in
safety.’”” And Pete followed this to a letter.
What a jolly, good-natured bunch it was that
listenea to the chairman (A 8432) make his
address of welcome, and anr.ounce ‘‘“The first
number on the program will be an overture
by the H. F. C. orchestra.”” Professor Wie-
gandt had something brand new today, a sym-
phony, and the harmony of sounds was won-
derful. After the applause of appreciation
had subsided, the room was darkened and the
film, ‘‘A Modern Enoch Arden,’’ begéen its
wonderful story.

To relate it is almost impossible, and tosee
it is a pleasure. HEspecially was the audience
impressed with the destruction of the steam-
er, and again, when the motorboat ran away
with the child and was rescued by the tramp
father (Joe Jackson). At the finish the ap-
plause that burst forth was for the senti-
ment the picture projected in right over-
coming knavery, as well as the superior act-
ing on the film. The movie was very fine,
very fine indeed.

The vaudeville opened with a juvenile act,
““The Petty Kids.”” Let’s namethem ‘‘The
Pretty Petty Kids.”” Two sweet clever young
artists answered to this announcement. They
are clever beyond description in their classy
singing and dancing act that is positively
exceptional and can not be beaten. Their
opening turn was encored, and the little lady
responded, while the young master changed
costumes, and upon her exit benold Charlie
Chaplin appeared as though out of the film,
mustache and all. Only in size did he differ,
for, if anything, the little man was a better
Charlie Chaplin than Charlie himself. As he
finished his turn the applause was such that
again the little miss came forth and gave a
song, while her teammate changed his cos-
tume to appear in time to take up his part,
and a fine specimen of classy stage dancing
was produced that can not be excelled any-
where by any one, big, little, great, or small.

‘Yes, the ““Pretty Petty Kids’’ are the real |

vaudeville class.

A musical treat was next given, of the high- "
class brand. “‘Mr. Mack, harpist,’”’” was the
announcement Miss Russell made. The gui-
tar, with which Mr. Mack introduced his act,
is an instrument that there are many within
these walls can tickle, and get fine, harmoni-
ous sounds from. Therefore it was a critical
gathering that attended Mr. Mack’s perform-
ance on his guitar, and to a man they pro-
nounced his work good when he had finished
and turned to his harp. Thelingering sweet-
ness of the harmony produced from his harp,
which in itself was a thing of great beauty,
the value of which was evident, remains with
all who heard it, and Mr. Mack was gratified
with the applause of appreciation that follow-
ed his efforts.

The ‘‘Bennie Franklin Tots,”” who followed
on the program, are a trio the value of which
can hardly be described. In lieu of the
““‘Pretty Petty Kids’’ the words came forth—

‘““‘Breathes there a man with soul so dead,
Who never to himself hath said,’’

This, or that one, is the best,

And got away with it?

In the ‘““Bennie Franklin Tots’’ there is one
more performer, and therefore in point of
numbers they may win. The eldest came
first, and she was sweet, interesting, and
clever; then the little lady who assumed the
character of a maiden Quaker lady of the old
school, so ready to criticise and compare the
customs and dress of the present day, with
that of ‘““Ye Auld Lang Syne.”” This in song,
so aptly described and acted, was followed by
the tiniest and wee-est little Irish lady, in
green silk, with all the quaint movements
and delightful brogue of the dearly treasured
Irish matron of a decade past, impersonated
by the voungest of the ‘‘Ben Franklin Tots.”’
Then a yoddling song, with a positively per-
fect dance, then finishing with all threc going
off, with the symetry of movement, to a
rousing applause, that was so continuous
that Miss Russell came o¢n and everything
became still to hear her say, ‘‘The mother
thanks you, the artists thank you, and the
father, Bennie Franklin, thanks you.”” You
know who she means— Bennie Franklin of
Dumont’s Minstrels fame, the father of these
tots. Of course to applaud again was out of
the question, so the ‘‘Bennie Franklin Tots”
could not be brought back.

Miss Mae Russell is not satisfied unless she
is “‘putting it over’’ on some one. When Mlle.
LaRose, the Nervous Woman, was next an-
nounced, and there came forth a lady of the
pronounced blond type, handsomely gowned
in a black velvet costume, cast ‘‘Decollete’’
with a decided low V. both front and back.

(Continued on page 4.)
