---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_042.jpg
---
ITHE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interestand entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’'s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 7, 1917

“Collective  enthustasm 1ts possible only
when individuals are free.”’

THE PUBLIC DEFENDER MOVEMENT

Well in the heart of Dixieland is to be
found the nucleus of a new Public Defender
movement. South from the borders of the
Mason and Dixon line, where history places
chivalry, honor and courage, has sprung a
new expression of all these found together,
in the efforts of a Memphis attorney to give
Shelby county a Public Defender, and the
South an ideal justice which has been over-
looked until now.

"John W. Palmer, a Memphis attorney, is
fathering the bill in his state, forming it
into shape, smoothing and polishing it through
its early stages, before its full significance
has been made clear to those who have not
kept closely in touch with that which is mod-
ern in legal circles.

‘“The Southern bar owes Mr. Palmer adebt
of gratitude for crystalizing the need for a
Public Defender,’’ says a writer in The Bill-
board, and ‘‘for bringing into being some
definite means for accomplishing an end.’’
Public defense lies equally in the Secales of
Justice with public prosecution, which is
granted throughout the country without
question. That the South is taking up the
question and bringing it into the legislature
of Tennessee for action, Speaks perseverance
and enterprise. The success of the measure
will bring to Shelby county a position in the
annals of Tennessee’s judicial history to be
envied.

The Commercial Appeal has given an up-
ward boost to the campaign by its publicity
to the Public Defender crusade, and in rather
a minute disclosure of the Paimer bill it
says: ‘‘If this bill becomes a law, persons
charged with crime in the courts of Shelby
county, who are unable to employ an attor-
ney, will be represented and defended by an
able, dignified, respectable counsel, and with
the same prestige of the state behind him
as that of the prosecution, ana all persons,
whether they are rich or poor, will be placed
on an equality before the law.’’

Further on it continues: ‘“The operation in
other places has proved that often the accused
is more sinned against than sinning, and that in

past many persons whose greatest crime was
poverty, have been railroaded to prison, not
on account of any individual prejudice on the
part of the court officers, but because of an
old custom of appointing a young and equal-
ly inexperienced lawyer to defend them. The
result was always a foregone conclusion,
with the young lawyer pitted against an able
and efficient lawyer backed by the machin-
ery of the state.”’

The Public Defender would seem to be a
necessary official of the judiciary system
that has heretofore been overlooked, and the
idea of creating the office is meeting with
approbation, and is being generally endorsed
by the bench and bar of Tennessee. Truly
the value of a more just legal system can not
be too greatly estimated.

A HUMANE JUDGE

Every now and then we hear tell of a po-
lice justice who is possessed of more than the
ordinary amount of astuteness in dealing
with the cases which come up for adjudica-
tion. Of that kind is Judge McClive, of
Bergen county, New Jersey, who deserves a
niche in the hall of fame by the side of the
renowned Solomon. Recently there came be-
fore the justice a man who had the devilish
habit of drinking strong liquor until he be-
came brutalized to the point of beating his
wife and destroying everything within reach
in his home. The judge knew him, in facthad
known him for a number of years and knew
of his intemperate habits. The judge also
knew that he had once occupied a pew in one
of the local churches, so the judg: sentenced
the man to attend church, believing that a
re-awakened interest in his religious duties
and the influence of the church would have
the effect of ending his propensity for doing
that which he shouid not do. All of which
shows that there are still human beings on
the police court benches and that they some-
times see the way to check up on the failings
of their fellow human beings and start them
on the right track.

NOTING THE POLICE SYSTEMS

We are informed that C. J. Driscoll of the
New York Bureau of Municipal Research,
who has been making a police service survey
in several states, recently made an address at
Harrisburg before the Chamber of Commerce,
and according to a reporter in a local paper,
he stated that the trouble with the police
forces in American cities is that there is ““too
much polities, too little sincerity, too many
commissioners and not enough study into
scientific development of the force.”” He
spoke on ‘‘Police Conditions in America.’’

He said members of the force should be se-
lected for personal efficiency and not for po-
litical reasons, as is the case in nearly all
communities.

Show me a man without a spot, and I’ll
show you a mind without a fault.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

" General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

OUR NEW POSSESSIONS

‘It is to be expected that a new name for
the Danish West Indies, the title to which
has now passed to the United States, will be
called for,”” says a writer in the Transcript,
and it has already ‘‘been suggested that they
be called th2 Dewey Islands, in honor not only
of the part which Admiral Dewey had in
endowing us with an island empire, but in
commemoration of the fact that his passing
to another sphere came almost at the very
moment of the passing of the title to those
new possessions of ours. The suggestion may
be approved by the general sentiment, but
ourpeople have alwaysbeenrathershy of apply-
ing the name of any other individual than the
Father of His Country to states, territories
or regions of the earth. The group of islands
which includes the Danish Islesis already call-
ed the Virgin group, in honor of the date of
their discovery. This is surely an honorable
and beautiful name, but it may be open to
the objection that the Virgin Islands include
also two or three British islets, and confusion
might arise on this account.

‘“‘Administratively, these new islands migh*
well enough be made a part of Porto Rico,
in which case they would never need a sepa-
rate name, each one being called, of course,
by its present title—St. Thomas, St. Croix,
St. Jean. If Porto Rico is given full territo-
rial status in the American union, it will un-
doubtedly include these islands, just as it al-
ready includes the other Virgin Islands, once
Spanish—Culebra and Vieques. The cession
of the Danish Islands brings us into very
close neighborhood indeed to the British in
the West Indies, for from the outlying islets
of St. Jean one could almost throw a stone
to the British island of Tortola. Perhapsthe
British would be glad to sell their share of
the Virgins for considerably less than we are
paying the Danes for theirs. The entire pop-
ulation of the British Virgin Islands is less
than 5000, and they are of no value to Eng-
land, either economically or strategically.”’

The happiness of life is made up of minute
fractions, the little soon-forgotten charities
of a kiss, a smile, a kind look, a heart-felt
compliment in the disguise of a playful rail-
lery, and the countless other infinitesimals of
pleasurable thought and genial feeling.
