---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_043.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

CONDITIONS

Every one worth calculating on will con-
cede the fact that a prison is not the best
place on earth to be in, but few people will
concede that they brought about their im-
prisonment. The greater a man’s pleasure
on the outside, the harder becomes his con-
finement, as deprivation of his own personal
pleasure is his real cause for worriment.
Some men may say, ‘‘I wouldn’t care if it
were not for my wife, or my mother, or my
children,’’ or some other convenient person
to pass the responsibility to. The fact is, it
is himself who occupies every thought. Give
him the credit of believing different, but it
nevertheless is true.

The fact is, the average person is enjoying
as near a perfect condition as is possible to
conceive while here in this particular prison.
The sooner these subjects are discussed and
drilled into some men’s minds, the better it
will be for them; and the sooner we all begin
to realize that we are put here for something
that we have done against the State, the
sooner we will give thanks for the humane
treatment we receive at the hands of the
people who bave us in charge. Why, some
fellows talk around as though we were put
here and kept here by the officials, when the
fact is that they would move heaven and
earth to set us free; some because they de-
serve it, and others because of a good rid
dance. Do you ever stop to think of the
kind treatment we receive here and what
happens in other places of this kind around
the world? No, you do not or you would all
rise as a man and show by your every move
that you had nothing but the kindest of
thoughts for those that are in every way try-
ing to help and better the conditions of the
men here in this place. Keep it in mind,
brothers, and remember that the officials did
not send you out to steal, lie, rob, and com-
mit rape, and also the various other offenses
that we are doing our ‘‘bit”’ here for. No;
as I have said before, we have only ourselves
to blame, and the only real excuse we can
offer is that ‘“we did not think we would get
caught.”” Every paper we read on the out-
side has an account of some one being sent
to prison, and if you look them over carefully
you will see that the crimes we were all sent
here for would fit in some one of them. But
no, that was not warning enough. -~ We just
dived in, and now, as you read this, admit
the truth. It did not stop you, did it? And
why? Because you thought that you would
not get caught. We think that it is hard
here. Well, it is not, as compared with what
it could be; but the fellow that always has a
grumble with him just gets a fellow to think-
ing that it is fieree; but if instead of worrying,
you would just stand aside and look this
knocker over, you would see a fellow (no
matter what your experience may have been
in the judging of human nature) that you
would probably not trust to shine your shoes
outside. But you let him work you into a

passion, and the first thing you know you are
just like him. Certainly in a crowd of men
such as we have gathered here we must ex-
pect defects, but that is no sign that you
have to lower yourself to his level and be-
come like him. You have no excuse, as our
friend, the Warden, will move you until you
can get with some one you know is up to your
own standard, and gradually these trouble-
makers and grumblers will be all by them-
selves, and through shame they will swing
about and do right.

Why can’t we have perfect harmony in a
place like this, where we are all on the same
level? Just think how much nicer it would
be to sail along with a smile on your face.
Be game. You owe the State a debt; pay it;
make it easy for yourself. You know how
most all of you act when you attend church
on Sunday mornings, and the thoughts that
recalled your younger days. When you leave
the chapel, do not leave them behind, but
carry them with you to your cell and keep
them throughout the week. See how the
time flies.

I know of a man who has a good job in here
and is out all the time, but still he can’t get
enough to eat. His paddle shows that he
has gained something like twenty pounds
since coming here, and just the other day he
stood and boasted that his father raised a
family of six on sixty-five cents a day. Think
of what a remarkable man he was. But of
course the prices of food were not as high as
now. Still this man, knowing this, is not
satisfied; and through later years he himself
raised his own family of six on one dollar
and a half a day. Ask why some of them
stole and they will tell you they had to in or-
der to live. And when they were arrested,
what did they have? Nothing. For their re-
ward they get sentenced to this place where
they can leave with a good job in view, as
there is a chance to learn different kinds of
trades that will fit them for the outside
world’s battles.

You say you stole to live. Then when you
get in here, where your living is free, you
kick; so how can you be satisfied? Take the
food prices in New York today: meat, twenty-
four cents a pound; onions, twenty cents a
pound; potatoes, seven cents a pound; cab-
bage, twenty cents a pound; butter, fifty-six
cents a pound; bread, seven cents a loaf.
Take the item of bread. Do you stop to think
of whom you are fooling when you take in
more than you know you will eat? T’ll an-
swer it for you. We are just fooling our-
selves; and I know, and you know, that we
could save fifty per cent. of it. You ask
why? Well, I’ll tell you. Save on your bread,
and we will have it made up on other things.

Some talk about our soup when it is not
soup. Think of the prisoners of war that are
not getting half what we are having; and they
got in prison for what? For taking a chance
of trying to get killed. And we are in here
for taking what did not belong to us, whether
it was money or somebody’s right eye, and

then we are not satisfied. On the above food
figures, it is easily calculated by this state-
ment, that if you bought one pound of each
of these foods a day, not to say coffee at forty
cents a pound, sugar at twelve cents a pound,
and milk at ten cents a quart; then provided
fire with coal at seven and a half dollars a
ton to cook your meals with, it would not re-
quire a prohibition bill to prevent a man from
going on a drunk often, especially when he
had to pay rent and buy clothes for himself
and family on two dollars a day.

Now, if you are thoughtful men,what must
you think when, knowing these conditions,
you hear a knocker say we don’t get enough
to eat? And still your pans are filled to the
top, and we are having riots and shooting
scrapes outside by people battling for food.
No, boys, you are all wrong, and it is safe to
say that nine out of every ten of you in here
are better off than you were outside. If you
would just pass up the stories of how you are
going to get pardoned, and all the things that
other people are going to do for you when
you get out, and just pin yourselves down to
the fact that you are here and going to stay
until your time is up, you will find that you
will pass the time lots easier. Then, if your
chance comes, that you are to get a pardon,
you will be in a better condition to go out and
battle the world, having saved all your strength
and built up within yourselves the right
thoughts.

Remember the conditions in prison are ex-
actly what you make them. Be game; be a
sport. You played the game and lost. Now
start and figure out how tc play it so you
wo’n’t lose, and you will find that in your
figures that they say play fair. Live up to
your ten commandments,and I'll bet that they
can’t land you in jail with all the 50-centi-
mefer guns from the German army. B 8261.

PRODUCTIVE TASMANIA

As viewed by an Australian, Tasmania is
considered to be one of the most ‘interesting
states in their commonwealth. It is a large
triangular island lying to the south of Mel-
bourne and was once a convict settlement.

“The climate is delightful and the soil re-
markably fertile. The island is practically
one large orchard. As fruit trees do not
need much tending, leisure is a notable
characteristic of the inhabitants, and Tas-
mania is known throughout the Antipodes as
‘the land of lots of time’ or ‘the land of sleep
a lot.’ It is also called ‘the jam country’ and
its natives familiarly termed €‘jam eaters.’
This is on account of the presence of an
enormous cannery on the island, where some
of the orzhard products are converted into
jams, jellies, and preserved fruits.

¢<But this by no means ends the list of Tas-
manian nicknames. Two Dutch explorers,
Tasman and Van Dieman, had to do with the
discovery of the island. and, although the
name Tasmania is now used, it is often re-
ferred to in old schoolbooks as Van Dieman’s
Land. We find it amusing to twist the latter
name a bit and call the Tasmanians ‘de-
mons,” which is a shame, as they are the
niildest and best fellows in the world. They
speak of themselves as ‘Tasies,’ and that
may be accepted as their unofficial designa-
tion.”’
