---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_044.jpg
---
’

THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 1.)

The audience was scarcely prepared toreceive
such beauty and imposing grace, and when
she proceeded to lift her voice, and render,
in rich clever soprano, songs of beautiful har-
mony, the audience went wild with enthusi-
asm. Then encored, she essayed a duet alone.
Some stunt this, but she made good, and the
impersonating of male and female voices was
splendid. Then on the last encore ‘‘the sweet
thing’’ didn’t do a thing but remove a blond
wig and stood revealed—a mere man—and a
bald-headed man at that. Yes! You handed
one more to your fellow-members, Miss Rus-
sell, but it’s a good one, and we laugh with
you. Mile. LaRose was good, three encores
and a wig-pull. 7
Mr. Dilks came back Saturday for the
boys of the 2nd Section, wash-boiler, tin
whistle, and all. His son accompanied him
on the piano. It appcared that Mr. Dilks
did about everything that could be done on

a fiddle last week, but Saturday he appear- -

ed to have found another way to play the
fiddle, and every one enjoyed the perform-
ance. As the beautiful harmony of the pig’s
voice under the gate came forth, it was
heard by many, who récognized in it the joy-
ful voice of a hog’s son, heard many times in
the slaughter-hcuse,

Mr. George Martin, ‘‘the Duke of Hobo-
ken,”” —remember Hoboken is in New Jersey
and they raise some sauerkraut and trouble
there sometimes —next appeared. Every
one was glad to see ‘‘the duke.’’ He started
sométhing as soon as he came on the stage,
and he kept it up. His reference to ‘‘Amer-
ica must be first,”” in a song, started a rum-
ble which broke into a roar of applause that
made ‘‘the duke’’ pause and take notice.
When it is considered that Mr. Martin receives
$50.00 for three performances at the Globe
Theater, it appears that we had a high-class
turn in ‘‘the duke.”” His last remark about
‘‘the fellows going out and becoming a reg-
ular fellow,’” was from his heart, and it was
said in all sincerity. Wouldn’t it be a good

thing to have lots of ‘‘Mr. Martins, Duke of -

b

Hoboken,’” in the world?

The last time Miss Anna Senn rendered a
violin solo for the pleasure of the H. F. C.
she left the imprint of her sweet presence
‘and fine performance on all who had the
pri/ilege and pleasure of hearing her. The
delight of her return on Saturday was sec-
ond in appreciation only to the knowledge
that even though Miss Senn feared that she
would be late, she exerted every effort, and
succeeded in arriving in time to give the au-
dience her full repertoire. The Hungarian
rhapsody, as performed by Miss Senn on her
violin, was beautiful and inspiring, while the
mzley, waiza sae repeated, held the atten-
tion of all. The applause she received was of
the awesome, reverent kind, that true ge-
nius accepts as a tribute to worth. Many of
the H. F. C. violinists, and- we have some
fine talent, agreed with Professor Wieganat

in pronouncing Miss Senn’s performance on
the violin as being among the best ever
heard. Miss Senn remarked that she was
very well pleased with the support given her
by the Club’s pianist (B 6252), who followed
her every change on the piano.

Before beginning the last film, Warden
McKenty’s photograph was flashed on the
screen and was greeted with a burst of ap-
plause. After the pleasure had been appre-
ciated, the photograph of Mr. R. C. McKen-
ty, President of the Honor and Friendship
Club, was shown. This was also given a
burst of applause. Then came Pete (A 8432),
our Vice-President, and another storm of
applause broke out.

Then came the film, ‘“The First False
Step,’’ and it was a film to be remembered.
Every one enjoyed it, and every one went
home(?) happy in one more perfect after-
noon’s enjoyment.

Miss Mae Russell stated that Peter Maher,
Jr., volunteered to come up and play ball
with the Club. Come along, Peter. Where
do you play? We’ll hold the place open for
you. We have some real baseball players,
so you’ll be in fast company. Ask Rube.

Did any one notice that new pair of drum-
sticks ““Curley’’ had working Saturday? You
ought to have been there, Sam. Silver han-
dle drumsticks!, Some sticks.

What are we going to do during the long
summer without the good-fellowship of Miss
Mae Russell and that kind, whole-hearted
smile of Mr. Kraupa’s to carry us from week
to week, and what will Jimmie Mulligar
(the man in the box) and Herbert Kraupa
do without seeing their friends on ‘‘the hill”’
once a week? Well, it’s some weeks off
yet, and ‘‘the evils of the day are sufficient
thereof.”’

Again were the members pleased and in-
spired by the presence of Mrs. R. C. Mec-
Kenty and Miss Elsie McKenty. President R.
C. McKenty and Mr. William McKenty were
present, as were Master Herbert Kraupa, P.
J. Mulligan and Joseph Vaus.

We were well pleased to note Mrs. Busby
as the guest of Miss Mae Russ. Il.

Get that baseball stuff going. Each mem-
ber think the matter over as to whether he
can play ball and what position he can fill.
Saturday, March 10th, 1st Section—3 B, 5 G,
4B, 7B, 7.6 5 B4 Q.

Notice—Will the member who found the

new yellow lead pencil in the hall kindly re--

turn it to Secretary, 11th Block?
—B 75/2.

A neat piece of repair work was recently
completed on the bass viola used in the E.
S. P. orchestra by inmates B5988 and B 7648.
The instrument has been thoroughly reno-
vated by these skilful mechanics, so that to
all appearance it looks like new.

The words we speak and the things we do
today may seem to be lost, but in the great
final revealing the smallest of them will ap-
pear. o — Lowell.

-$15.00.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office .
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ot

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()
WATCH FOBS—Gold filled wired, made of
mother-of-pearl; also necktie pins made of
same matericl. Excellent werkmanship at
reasonable prices. Canary Bird King, B
5575, 6th Block. (9)

FOR SALE-—Guitar, in good condition. Will
sell for $3.00. B 6260, 1st Block. 9)

FOR SALE—Very fancy post-cards; the on-
ly ones of their kind; 5 for 25c. B 7047,
7th Block. (9)
SACRED HEARTS painted in oil colors on
post-cards, bc. each. B 7648, 7th Gallery. (9)

B 8024,
SUITCASES made to order. Several styles,
and colors and goods to select from; $3.00
up. B 8231, 5th Block. 9)

1st Block.

FOR SALE—Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00.
Will sell for 75¢. B 7906, Tth Block. (6)

OLD CHAIRS made new, repaired and up-
holstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6)

_ Cost
Sell, with ten records, for $12.00.
B 7889, 9th Block. (8)

FOR SALE—Forty new records for $15.00.
B 6939, 2nd Block. : (8)

FOR SALE—One rocking-chair; high back:
cane bottom; in geod condition. Reasonable.,
B 7810, 3rd Block. 9)

FOR SALE—A mandolin, in good condition.
Will sell, with case, for $2.00. B 7800, 1st
Block. 9)
FOR SALE—Guitar Instructor (new); cost
$1.00; will sell for 75¢. B 7906, Tth Block. (8)
TYPEWRITING done, at reasonable rates,

in English, French, Italian, and Spanish.
B 7499, 7th Gallery. (10)

FBR SALE—LA g—{iitar; almost new; fine
tone; with case, $3.50. B 6567, 4th Blcck. (10) -

FOR VVSALE:Eird;, guéranteed singers, male
and femal:e, good breeders; also brass cages
and breeding cages. B 7507, 9th Block. (10)

PLASTER OF PARIS SACRED HEART,
10c. B 7418, 7th Gallery. (10)

PLASTER OF PARIS NOVELTIES— Smok.
ers’ outfit cheap. = B 6083, 7th Gallery. (10)

FOR SALE—Jos. Ricketts Philadelphia banjo,
11-inch head, 22 brackets, Al tone, in good
condition; a collapsible music-stand and ban-

jo music. All for $4.0n. B 7144, 12th Block,
1st Gallery. : (9)

FOR SALE—New Victor Vietrola.

