---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_045.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

" VOL. V1

Philadelphia, March 14, 1917

NO. 11

MEETING THE PAROLE BOARD

I have heard many men here say, I am go-
ing up for parole soon; what shall I say or do?

As far as I can learn it is not altogether
without fear that the indeterminate sentence
prisoner looks forward to the hour when he
will come face to face with the Parole Board,
and appeal with them for the freedom which
will mean a new chance in life. Having
noted the disposition of many applicants,
some comments for the guidance of the parole-
seekers may not prove without value to our
readers.

You will find when you meet the Board,
that their first interest is in you personally.
Before you have entered the room your case
has been reviewed and your life has been
followed in some measure up to the hour of
your arrest. Your prison record has been
reported by the Warden, Chaplain and Doc-
tor. You are known to them as a definite
case which has a certain degree of desire to
reform, and has certain friends outside the
walls ready to hold out the hand of welcome
and lend the arms of assistance. So far, so
good. The rest lies largely with you, Your
name is called, and as you enter, each ex-
perienced mind has its eyes on you and is
trying to find your true valuation as you are,
and not what you were. -

Do you enter with a quick, firm step, or a
shuffling gait; smile or a sullen look; walk
with head up or head bowed; with eyes bright
and alert, or dull and listless; with hopes
high and faith firm, or with distrust? Are
the plans you have made for the future clear
in your own mind? Have the sponsors you
represented as willing to be responsible for
you been the kind of people in the kind of
business to inspire confidence on the part of
the Board?

You are given a seat and questioned, not
gruffy but kindly; not faithlessly, but with
an evidence of belief that you intend to re-
form. How do you answer? Do you make a
clean breast of things or try to hide and to
hedge? Do you admit past mistakes or spend
these precious moments in trying to be im-
pressive with excuses? Do you show. your
eagerness for the new chance? Avow earn-
estly (but always sincerely) your determina-
tion for future success.

Nine times out of ten the Board wants to
favor you. The balances are in your -favor.
The opportunity is great, yet over and over
again men toss away their own chances by
indifference, bragging, or the shifting of re-
sponsibility. ~Before you go to the Board
with your case, be frank with yourself and
prepare to be frank with them. Very' few
men succeed in ‘‘getting away with any-

o

thing’’ which is not the ‘‘straight goods.’’

A few simple suggesticns may start some
men thinking and help them the better to
meet the Board more than half way.

1. Be as neat, as frank, and genuine as
possible. E

2. Remember the Parole Board wants to
release you.

3. Do not blame a woman for your down-
fall. It is a poor excuse.

4. Speak clearly and cheerfully and slip
in an occasioral ‘‘Sir.’”’

5. Answer the questions asked as plainly
as possible, in .a few words.

6. Do not beat about the bush.

7. Remember that ‘‘the other fellow’’ is a
mighty poor excuse, when he made his get-
away.

8. If you are a first-timer do not pretend
to know it all. If you are an old-timer, have
done with the old life because it is right to
have done with it, and not just because you
are tired of serving time.

9. The best preparation for parole is right
living in prison. A perfect prison record is a
promising suggestion for favorable consider-
ation.

10. Finally—be sincere.

— B 7635

CONDITIONS

Conditions, I wrote it andsay that it’s true,
And all of you knockers I mean it for you,
You read it and know it raised a big roar;
Anilnow every knocker at ‘‘Curley’’ is sore.

It’s Curley’s a knocker and it’s Curley’s a
TENE s

I get this hot shot; fresh off the bat.

The boob who fed children on a dollar and
a half

Admitted today he’s living off graft

Another wise Alee, who thinks he can fight

Made remarks about food till I showed him
the light.

Now listen youknockers, I'll call your bum
bluft

We’ll go to the Warden, say we don’t get
enough.

Compare your condition, both here and at
home

I’ll bet you were lucky if e’re got a bone.

These swell guys in here, lived with black
girls outside. -

With uplifted nose, their disgrace to hide,

Pretend they are high-brows, their hair
sure grows thin

Stop knocking old top, it’s a black, griev-
ous sin.

Now boys, pay attention, I'm not here to
knock

But to do my ‘‘bit’’ here, or wher’er I may
lock,

Your condition is better than many outside

Who have large, hungry families, and no
way to provide.

Be game, do your ‘bit,”” go out and make
good

You will then earn some money, and pay
for good food.

It’s Curley who’s talking, and who bears all
the blame,

Of writing conditions,
same,

My opinion is written, I speak as [ see;

Conditions are good, in the old E. S. P.

—B 8361.

and thinking the

““Curley’s’’ full dinner pail
Will cause the Bums to flock to jail,
To get their steaks, chops and stews,
McKentyville will get full crews.
Now ‘‘Curley,’’ if you are wise,
This good thing you’d never advertise.
—7511.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

With the breezes of spring wafting through
the open windows, and with no ugly iron
bars to impede or disturb its course, the
members of the Honor and Friendship Club
enjoyed another performance of the IXL
brand. Some of our old friends returned to
entertain the 1st Section, and the pleasure
of their former appearance was enhanced by
their kindness in again entertaining.

Professor Wiegandt wielded the baton with
the zest that makes him a leader of the first
class, while the members of the H. F. C. or-
chestra responded with the best they had,
with the result that when the overture burst
forth every one was pleased and returned a
hearty applause in appreciation. Vice-Presi-
dent A 8432, considered that the members
were advanced to that degree in conduct that
any admonition on his part was unnecessary,
and tc prove his confidence he made no ad-
dress, with the result he foretold, as not a
single case of breach of rules was reported.

“‘Shell 43’7 was the film this week, with
H. B. Warner in the star role. The atmos-
phere of war that filled the room—a touch of
love, and the mystery of the Secret Service
Department of the Great Country—held the
interest of all, while frequent bursts of ap-
plause gave vent to deep interest; now and
again a sigh or audible sob was heard when
a situation became too appealing. Yes, it
was fine, very fine, and those who saw it
united in saying, ‘‘One of the best Mr. Kraupa
has given us.”’ ;

Mr. ““Tony’’ Ross sang, with suitable piec-
ture slides, two songs; first, ‘“Why Do You
Make Me Care?’’ His tenor voice was sweet
and appealing and was well received. On
encore he sang ‘‘Silver Threads Among the
Gold.”” The applause was long and lasting.

Miss Mae Russell then announced ‘‘Baby’’
Lyons, a young friend who appeared some

(Continued on page 4.)
