---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_046.jpg
---
THE UMPIR E

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest andrentert'ainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 14, 1917

“Faith and freedom are not only big words,
but big things.’’

PLACING THE BLAME

Undoubtedly the recent verdict of $5,000
by a local jury against the proprietor of a sa-
loon in this city, for selling one of his cus-
tomers an over supply of liquor, which ulti-
mately lead to his death, will have a sobering
effect upon the liquor dealers who permit
unfortunate men of weak disposition imbib-
ing too freely with the ‘‘stuff’” that makes
for their undoing.

In this case the victim was an unfortunate
workingman earning about fifteen dollars
per week, and, though married and having a
growing family to support, he was tempted
to spend much of his hard earned wages in
the saloon from which he walked and fell,
fracturing his skull. He was picked up, car-
ried to his his home, and shortly after died.

What a shock this must have been to this
mar’s wife and family! Deprived of hus-
band and father through the direct cause of
drink, it woula seem little: encugh that his
family should receive an award of $5,000
against the man who scld the booze to the
unfortunate victim.

We do not usually discuss cases of this
trend in our columns, for varicus reasons.
But this instance was of such adirect nature
against the liquor seller as to justify more

than passing notice from even a prison pa-

per.

No doubt that more such verdicts in the
future will do more for the cause of temper-
ance than a plethora of sermonizing, for it
places the liquor dealers on the alert for
moderation in the consumption of alcoholie
drinks. Though we have a high-license law
in operation, which makes disorder and im-
proper conduct in drinking-places adequate
grounds for the forfeiture of a license, and it
has largely reduced the number of cases of
drunkenness within the cities of this state,
still men are not always easily restrained if
they are allowed to have an excess of booze
aboard to minimize their self-control.

The time is fast approaching when the
keepers of drinking resorts will realize that
they are to be held to an account for the
lives of those who drink at their bars, and

when they do, undoubtedly they will endeav-
or to see that their customers are not allow-
ed an over supply.

From general appearances it would seem
that the saloon business is on the decline and
its future rather dubious, but when con-
ducted with more wisdom and foresight, and
many of its objectionable features are re-
duced to a minimum, perhaps it may be able
to withstand the growing sentiment of public
disapproval * which now seems to prevail
against it.

KINDNESS TO OUR FELLOW-MAN

It is in our power to make our fellow-trav-
eler forget the hardness of the road and the
blazing of the sun by the simplest of all
means: friendly words and friendly acts as
he passes; words and acts which cost nothing
but are perhaps everything to him, which in
an hour we have forgotten, but which he
will remember till the setting of the sun.
Many of our trials in life are of course inevi-
table and can not be avoided, but one’s life
could be made much easier if every one of us
bethought ourselves a little bit ¢f our neigh-
bor and did our little part to cheer him up on
the road.

The heaviest weight of a man’s sorrow in
life is not this or that unfortunate incident
over which he grieves, but it is the hardness,
the thoughtlessness, the want of generosity,
or want of sympathy of his fellow-man.
Though we can not relieve our brother of the
fatigue and weariness of his journey, nor
carry for him the burden which is bending
down his soul and beneath which he is apt to
sink, it eases his mind and calms his throb-
bing heart when he realizes that a human
heart is beating with the thought of his lone-
liness; for no man can endure his sorrow
alone, not even Jesus Christ, whom we re-
member took Disciples with Him into the gar-
den in His hour of sorrow and agony. Whenever
possible, why not shake hands with a brother
man and wish him God-speed? He may have
temptations that afterncon and the grip of
your hand will help him at the crisis. Pass
no man whom ycu see and know without some
greeting. Take the time to render some
little service, as it will surely come back to
you in some way. When any one is lifted
above kindness he is either too good or too
bad to live.

There is too much of the Public Fountain
kindness, the public charities of detached
givers; too little share-my-loaf-of-bread kind-
ness, the ministry of personal interest. Why
is it that many celebrated and generous phil-
anthropists have honors from the churches
and titles from the state; fame in religious
journals and the applause of packed meet-
ings, and yet no man will say that he is
loved; even his own servants, who are near-
est to him, detest his name? How is it that
another man who has not had the opportunity
of rendering such public benefactions, and
whose ‘‘fame runneth not abroad throughout
the land,’”” is ofttimes regarded with such

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

kindly respect that no one has a word to say
against him and every one mentions his name
with kindly accents? Ask the clerks in his
office whom he befriends through health and
sickress, with whose affairs he is acquainted -
and whose future he advances and whose
heart he has won by innumerable acts of
thoughtful kindness; ask the workmen in “his
manufactory, their wives and their children
to whom he has been doing good and not evil
all these years. That is why the cne man is
detested, because he is hard; and the other
is loved, because he is brotherly.

Both men shall have their reward, for the
Providence of God is just. ‘“Whatscever a
man soweth that also shall he reap.”” For
his public and ostentatious benefactions “‘the
Pharisee shall have his high place in the syn-
agogue’’ and the applause of other Pharisees
in the market-place. For his kindness unto
those whom God has placed under his charge
and at his door the good Samaritan shall
have unaffected gratitude of unknown and
voiceless peopie whom he has biessed, and
beyond that, a reward stored and accumlated,
awaiting him in tioe world to come. Good-
hearted man and simple-minded, he forgets
the charitable act as soon as it is rendered,
and perhaps could not tell, even to save his
life, how many weary travelers he has helped.
But his record is in the Heavens and there is
One who does not forget. The day is coming
when these modest and nameless deeds of
kindness shall all be laid to his charge before
angels and men. When he begins to deny
them in his humilily he shall be covered with
joyful confusion: for kehold the traveler with
whom he shared bhis bread, the struggling
clerk, the belpless widow, the toiling work-
man, are now Judges upon the throne. For
inasmuch as he did it to the least of these he
did it unto Christ. B 7,01.

RECOMMENDS AMENDMENT TO PRISON -
LABOR ACT :

The, annual report of the Pennsylvania
Prison Labor Commission, made to Governor
Brumbaugh last week, recommends an amend-
ment to the act of 1915 permitting state
prisoners to draw actual wages of from ten
to fifty cents per day and to have the bal-
ances due to them paid at their discharge.
There is also another amendment svggested,
intended to provide occupation for prisoners.
The latter amendment weuld oblige state in-
stitutions to purchase available supplies from
the commission at open market prices. As
stated in the. report, such purchases have
been disappointing, but the commission be-
lieves that this trade will eventually extend
to large proportions. :
