---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_047.jpg
---
ADVICE NEVER BEFORE HEARD

A well-known traveler tells a story picked
up while in the East, showing how a mean
man’s philosophy overshoots 'itself. Under
the reign of the first Caliph there was a
merchant of Bagdad equally rich and avari-
cious. One day he bargained with a porter to
carry home for him a basket of porcelain
~ vases for ten paras. As they went along, he
said to the man, ‘‘My friend; you are young
and I am old; you can still earn plenty. Strike
a para from your hire.”” ‘‘Willingly!”’ re-
plied the porter. This request was repeated
again and again, until, when they reached thke
house, the porter had only a single para to
receive. As they went upstairs, the merchant
said: “‘If you will resign the last para I will
give you three pieces of advice.’” “‘Be it so,’’
said the porter. ‘‘Well then,’’ said the mer-
chant, “‘if any one tells you it is better tobe
fasting than feasting, do not believe him.
If any one tells you it is better to be poor
than rich, do not believe him. If any one
tells you it is better to walk than to ride in
a carriage, do not believe him.”” ‘‘My dear
sir,”” replied the astonished porter, ‘‘I knew
these things before; but if you will listen to
me, I will give you such advice as you never
heard before.”” The merchant turned around,
and the porter, throwing the basket down
the staircase, said: ‘‘If any one tells you that
one of your vases is unbroken, do not believe
him.”

THE GROWING DEMAND FOR BETTER
BAND MUSIC

During the last few ycars there has been a
decided awakening for concert music through-
" out the entire country. Many corporations
and firms have signified their willingness to
co-operate in the furtherance of bands in
communities which concern them the most
by fostering and maintaining some excellent
organizations which in fact can be classed
among the most popular bands in the country.
Composed of men who are employed in the
mills, factories, mines, railroad shops, de-
partment stores, ete., pleasure and entertain-
ment are afforded their fellow-employes and
families, as well as the entire community
~ which possibly could not be brought about in
any other way. Employers have found an
admirable way of expressing to their employes
the loyaities and friendship they feel towards
them by launching various welfare projects,
and where a good concert band has been pro-
vided it is easily found to be one of the best
(if not the best) features of the entire pro-
ject, because it interests practically every
person, employer and employe, with its
resultant mutual benefit in combining work
and pleasure has gradually brought about a
truer conception which the term implies, and
musie, especially band music, has found one
more of its rightful places—in the hearts of
men who toil.

Now you boys that are aspiring to become

THE UMPIRE

musicians read the above over carefully, also
this ad.

Positions, now open in a live town, for
machirists, moulders, millwrights, paper-
makers, and electricians following instru-
ments: Flute and Piccolo, Eb and Bb Clarion-
ets, 1 good Bb Cornzt, Altos, Tuba, Snare
Drum.- Other good musicians write. Knock-
ers and boozers save stamps.

Now the question comes to the Cons mmd
can I get one of these jobs, after leaving
prison, yes you can and the following letters
will prove it, written by people who knew
when they wrote them, that they were going
to hire ex-convicts,

Dated Ada, Okla. 2, 22nd ’17
B 8361
Dear Sir:

Reolymg to yours of the 17 inst. Could use
two of the men you mention atfifteen dollars
a week and furnish them rooms free on a
special car I carry for my colored performers,
provided that they are performers ete. (and
further it says) While the writer has never
been in prison or even a jail, I realize that a
fellow surely a spark of manhood and profited
by such an experience and recall wishes to do
right etc. —Signed—Ross A. Dano.

Then here another one.

B 8361
Dear Sir:

Your letter of thel7th to hand and in reply
will state that if T can be of any assistance
to the cause that you refer to in your letter,
I will try and use one.of your men that play
in the band. Although [ have already engag-

ed my band, ete.—Signed—J. Stanley Rob-

erts.
Heres a corker from a friend, indeed.

Eastern State Penitentiary, Phila., Pa.,

B 8361:
Dear Sir:

Yours of Feb. 17th to hand contents noted
and will say that your letter interests me very
much and I will also sav that I think itis one of
the greatest things I ever heard tell of and
should be continued and upheld by every one
concerned. I know myself as does others that
will only stop to think that there are good
and bad out of jail as well as in. Now then to
business. If I und:rstand you correctly you
have men drilled and thoroughly rehearsed
so they are capable of entertaining the pub-
lic. If such is the case, and we can come to
an understanding, I could use two good com-
edians, that have good voices and play string
instruments Banjo Players preferred, I also
might be able to place Twelve or Fourteen
piece brass Band that can play standard
music, any and all men that I employ must
be free from drug habits and be sober at all
times.

If you can fulfil my requirements, Kindly
let me know by return mail, what such people
would cost me and how long a time would
I have to wait before People could join.

Signed—W. T. Harrington Mgr.

Then still here is another. |

B 8361:
Dear Sir:

Replying to yours of the 17th will say if
you will let me know just what your men can
do I will use several on my show.

Futhermore you can rest assured that no

-one will know of their past.—Signed—H. W.

Campbell.

Now I could continue on with letters like
these, but space won’t allow me to do so, if
you want further particulars drop me a note
through your Overseer, and I will call on you.
Boys the crying talk about nobody wants a
Con. is all wrong, it is just food for a few
reformers so they will have something to
work on, but it’s up to yourselves to make
good when you get the jobs. The jails would
not hold all the ones that should be there, so
take heart and don’t get discouraged, put in
your time reading and studying. The people
outside know that you are human, save up
your money, don’tleta lot of thieving lawyers
bull you that they can get you Pardons for
ten cents, be a man take your jolt, you play-
ed the fiddle now dance.

One of the worst hold-backs on the Con,
after leaving jail is that he is thrown right
back among the people that know he has serv-
ed a bit in the penitentiary, they keep away
from you and shun you which breaks a fel-
low’s heart, so then you have an excuse, but
we can remedy it as you get a job in any
part of these United States, and be respected,
with your past buried behind these walls.
You think not? Well try me and I’ll prove it
to you. —B 8361.

WHEN PETROLEUM WAS FREE

It is said that the first reference made
about the discovery of petroleum in Ameri-
ca was contained in a letter written in
1629 by Joseph de la Roche d’Allion, a
French missionary working among the In-
dians. He had crossed the Niagara river
and made his way southward through west-
ern New York into northern Pennsylvania,
where he found a spring from which oil
flowed, according to a writer in the Advance.
This oil was highly esteemed by the Indians
for medicinal uses.

The letter of the priest was published in
1632 in Sagard’s ‘‘Histoire du Canada.’’ This
oil spring was probably identical with the one
described by the Massachusetts Magazine in
H89E

“In the northern part of Pennsylvania
there is a creek called Oil creek, which emp-
ties into the Allegheny river. It issues from
a spring on the top of which floats an oil
similar to that called Barbados tar and from
which one may gather several gallons a day.
The troops sent to guard the western posts
halted at the same spring, collected some of
the oil and bathed their joints with it. This
gave them great relief from the rheumatism
with which they were afflicted.’’
