---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_048.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

-
-

(Continued from page 1.)
weeks since. ‘“Baby’’ Lyons has the making
of a good vaudeville artist and some day we
hope to see her name in the brightest lights
of “The Great White Way.”” She was well
received and roundly applauded.

Another of our friends appeared again,
Austin and Carvin. This team must be
classed as a star act of the highest order.
Their dancing is clever and perfectly exe-
cuted. The good singing of Miss Austin,
with her splendid dancing, is ably backed by
her partner, Mr. Carvin. The well-deserved
applause, two encores and a curtain-call,
must have satisfied both.

Harry Baker, with a musical act, was the
next entertainer. With a banjo and saxa-
phone it would be difficult to find anything
better than Mr. Baker, and appreciation was
shown by the hearty applause.

Mlle. LaRose was with us again and the
fun promoted by this artist was not one par-
ticle less than that of last week. There was
some guessing as to the sex of ‘“The Rose’’
until th: wig exposed the respectable bald
head; then the applause was thunderous.

Miss Russell announced Cary and Cotter,
Philadelphia vatdevillei.ns, and we had r0:- e
clever work from two clever artists. Their
quips were clean-cut and to the point and
were caughtright off the batby the audience.
Mr. Cotter gave a good presentation of
dancing a clog with the feet, while sitting on
a chair. Difficult and perfect, and the
audience applauded him to the echo.

““The Sheriff of Dauphin County,’’” alias
Billy Davis, was announced by Miss Russell,
and every one sat up and took notice. When
Mr. Davis appeared and did his turn the fun
and laughs began with his first words, and
there was not a moment thereafter without a
laugh while he was on the stage. Again was
Mr. Davis precnounced in the premier class of
entertainers.

The performance in vaudeville closea with
the Bennie Franklin Tots (3). Just as sweet,
just as clever, just as fine as the last time
they were here. That youngest member—
oh say, every one who has looked on that
dear wee elf, knows what the feeling is to
place your hand on her head and say, ‘“Won-
derful, you little mite; you are just wonder-
ful.”” So insistent was the applause that the
three came on and sang a patriotic song. It
must have been gratifying to the ‘“Tots,’’ the
mother and to Bennie Franklin (he of Du-
mont’s) to hear the thunder of applause after
their act. Yes, the Bennie Franklin Tots are
fine, very fine, splendid!

“Pills of Peril’” was the closing film, and
it was well appreciated. The comical situa-
tions of the doctor and the general conditions
throughout the story as filmed put every one
in a good humor and we left the hall a satis-
fied and happy crowd, thankful to Miss Mae
Russell, thankful to Mr. Kraupa, thankful to
Jimmie Mulligan, but above all thankful to
Warden McKenty for making it possible for
the members of the H. F. C. to see such a

performance and enjoy the conditions that
exist here today.

The members of the E. S. P. were gratified
to see Warden McKenty come in the hall.
Especially were they gratified to note State
Senator Gramsbach with the Warden and ob-
serve the keen notice with which the Senator
observed the orderly manner in which every-
thing was conducted. With legislation before
the House of Legislature of such great inter-
est to each and every member, the first-hand
knowledge of just the kind of men the bill
means to help is necessary and will doubtless
have a bearing when he is called on to either
vote or influence his fellow-senators. Thanks
to the Senator for the visit, and thanks to the
Warden for bringing the Senator.

Mrs. Levering, of Haddon Heights, and her
son were guests of Mrs. Warden McKenty,
and the enjoyment of the party, evidenced by
hearty laughter at times, was gratifying to
all. Mrs. R. C. McKenty and Miss Elsie
McKenty graced the performance with their
presence. President R. C. McKenty, Mr.
William and Robert J. McKenty, Jr., enjoyed
themselves. Mr. Dipple was there and had
as his guest Mr. W. M. J. McGarity, of the
Penn Paper and Stock Company.

Mrs. Alice Buzby, of Philadelphia, a guest
of Miss Mae Russell, wasa pleased spectator.
Mrs. Buzby is an honorary member of the H.
F. C. Of interest to every member of the H.
F. C. is the knowledge that Mr. Farmer and
Mr. Edward Mercer gave a lecture on Friday
afternoon in the hall and were invited to give
an address before the members at an early
date.

Mr. Farmer is a reformed convict who has
served eighteen years of his life in different
penitentiaries through the world, then decid-
ed there was achance for him to make good,
and with this idea firm in his mind he became
convertedby the Jerry McCauley Mission, New

~York City, and step by step gained his way

un*il now, after sixteenyears, President Wil-
son does him proud and takes him by the
hand, even invites him to the White House.
It’s easily understood, for a work from this
man is of interest to all, and those who can
should come and hear him. Mr. Mercer,
through Mr. Farmer, was converted in a like
manner although not lifted from the depths
reached by Mr. Farmer.

Miss Dupree and Mrs. Bartlett, King’s
Daughters, two well-wishers of the H. F.
C., introduced the speakers. Upon request
Mr. Farmer and Mr. Mercer were mad: hon-
orary members of the H. F. C. They ex-
pressed a desire to communicate with any
man they can help to rehabilitate himself
and take his place as a man in the outside
world.

On March 10th Mr. Kraupa, ' from the
stage, notified the members of the 2nd Sec-
tion that on March 17th will be held the last
performance of the season for the 2nd Sec-
tion. Saturday Mr. Kraupa notified the:1lst
Section that March 24th will be the last per-
formance for Section 1.

The object of this notice was to request
that each member who could afford to do so,
would make a contribution and raise a fund
to be used next Christmas with which to
purchase gifts for the children.

Since October the members of the H. F.
C. have been entertained with motion pic-
tures of the highest class to be secured by
Mr. Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Company.
In addition they have enjoyed vaudeville tal-
ent second to none on any stage, presented by
Miss Mue Russell, of the Kline Booking Agen--
cy. These two friends of the Club have given
their presence and their efforts each Satur-
day afternoon to coming out here, and using
their persuasion to bringing high-class talent
—people who are drawing high salaries for
performing precisely the same as that which
they perform for the H. F. C. Nothing can
overestimate the result of this gratuitous
effort with not one thing but the interest in
the uplift of their fellow-man to repay them.
Nearing the finish these friends do not make
one request for themselves; the satisfaction
of a deed well done is sufficient for them, but
thev wish to aid us further to aid ourselves
by requesting each member to contribute
that which be can toward the Xmas Kiddie
Fund for 1917. It may be your child who
will benefit through this. If not your child,
then for sure some other man’s child will
benefit by you.

Then give what you can to the ‘‘Kris Kiddie
Fund,”’

No matter, a dime or a penny;

Remember that many can always help one,

Where one can not always help many.

Do not go broke, but if you have to decide
between making a sacrifice and giving to the
fund, make the sacrifice and give to the
fund.

The delegate on your block or gallery will
call during the week and learn what you will
donate. You will be given a transfer on
Saturday with your ticket, which you will
hand to Miss Russell at the proper time.

March 17th, 2nd Section—8 B, 9 B, 10 B,
11 B, 1. B, 12: B, 2-1 G, 12-2 .G, #6:G H65:

—B 7542.

Miss Mae Russell, eager to help all, sug-
gested to all that the Bennie Franklin Tots
be permitted to give their dancing act to the
female contingent of the institution. Ward-
en McKenty freely gave permission, and the
Bennie Franklin Tots, the mother who ac-
companies at all their performances consent-
ing, went to the Second Block and enter-
tained with their full act. Of course the
“‘wee small mite’” made the hit, and many
who saw her clever impersonation felt the
desire to mother the little dear. The ap-
plause came rolling up the Second Block, in-
dicating the appreciation for Miss Mae Rus-
sell, the Tots, and Mrs. Bennie Franklin.

The responsibility for the article, ‘‘Condi-
tions,’” appearing in last issue, is wholly due
to B 8361, and not B 8261, as printed by mis-
take.
