---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_049.jpg
---
VOL. V1

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, March 21, 1917

NO. 12

- GOVERNOR BRUMBAUGH DESIG-
NATES ARBOR DAYS IN APRIL

Making a plea for reforestization of Penn-
sylvania, Governor Brumbaugh urges that
children of the state be instructed as to the
mesning and value of trees in his annual Ar-
bor Day proclamation, in which he says:

‘““Whereas, Pennsylvania was once the
home of vast forests of deciduous and ever-
green trees, whose value to our people can
never be fully reckoned; and,

““Whereas, Our people now have set aside
more than 1,200,000 acres of land as a state
forest preserve and are steadily adding to
this vast public domain and are giving in-
creased attention to the conservation of her
depleted natural resources and are making
commendable efforts to restore, as far as
possible, these gifts of God to our people;

‘““Now, therefore, that we may wisely pro-
mote in the minds and hearts of our people a
knowledge and love for trees and in order
that the generations to follow may enjoy the
blessings of forests and the good of trces, I
hereby designate and set aside Friday, April
18, and Friday, April 27, 1917, as arbor days.

SEWS ON AMPUTATED ARM

A noted surgeon, who recently returned
from Europe, tells of a remarkable operation
performed on the son-in-law of James
0’Grady, M. P. He was severely wounded
at the Front some months ago and it was nec-
essary to amputate an arm.

The surgeon carried out'the daring - experi-
ment of removing the injured part of the
bone and attaching the arm again and sewing
it together. The operation was so sucessful
that tha patient can use the arm. again. He
is able to lift a cup of tea slowly to his
mouth. The only thing noticeable. is that the
injured arm is slightly shorter than the other.

WELL-KNOWN ROCKAWAY BEACH
SEIZED AS SITE FOR FORT

It has recently been- announced by New
York reports that a commission of New York
state now has ‘power to seize land at Rocka-
way Beach desired by the War Department
for coast defense purposes. Under an emer-
gency message from Governor Whitman the
legislature passed the enabling act w1th
only one dissenting vote. :

It is understood that the commission will
act without delay and that a deed of the prop-
erty will be sent to Secretary Baker in a few
days. The construction of fortifications at
Rockaway Beach, designed to protect the city
and especially the borough of Brooklyn 1s al-
ready under way.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Each member or guest who attended the
entertainment on St. Patrick’s Day, 1917, will
retain pleasant memories of the last show
the 2nd Section will see this season.

From the first number, when Professor
Wiegandt, with the H. F. C. orchestra, per-
formed the overture, ‘‘The Burgomaster,””’
until the finish, when the Quartette of Beau-
ties, under the able leadership of Miss Mae
Russell, and the entire audience joining in
singing, ‘‘Tipperary,’’ it was one continuous
thrill of pleasure after another.

Before opening the performance, Mr. Krau-
pa took occasion to announce the amount do-
nated by each block on this, the last perform-
ance of the 2nd Section. The amount each
block and gallery had donated and each
amount, was appreciated. Mr. Kraupa then
commended the 2nd Section for their liberal-
ity, promising them his future interest at all
times.

Vice-President (A 8432) thanked the mem-
bers and proposed a rising vote of thanks for
Miss Mae Russell, Mr. Kraupa, Jimmy Mulli-
gan, and each and everyperformer and friend
who had shown interest in the Honor and
Friendship Club by giving and encouraging
these entertainments. KEvery member arose.
Continuing, Pete said, ‘‘Especially do we
thank our Warden, Mr. Robt. J. McKenty,
for his kindness:and broad judgment in per-
mitting conditions to exist in this penitenti-
arv, whereby an inmate, although a convict,
can demonstrate that he remains a man, and
in treating him as such enables him to show
his appreciation by his conduct.’’

The picture, a fine arts production, with
Sir Herbert Beerbohn Tree in ‘‘The Old
Folks at Home,’’ was practically adapted to
the audience. The scenes of home life on the
farm, the young man’s advent into the  city,
the fast life he led, the resulting crime, with
his father’s sacrifice of his wealth, and the
mothar’s love, influzancing the jury to permit
sentiment to overcome law, was a bid for the
deepest and best in every one who. followed
the story in scenes, and the applause rang
true when the verdict of the jury was ‘‘not
guilty,”” and the son was given back to his
mother. Yes, it was a stirring picture, and
it required an effort to turn to the lighter
amusement of the vaudeville.

However, the moment that Miss Marian
Hilliard was announced, the audience forgot
the sensations of the picture under the spell
of the beauty and grace of Miss Hilliard. Her
singing, first of ‘‘The Honolulu-Eukalale’
song, to be followed (on encore) by two more
songs, was splendid, and the applause was
long and loud.

GOING THE ROUNDS

Food riots on the outside.

be glad you’re living.
%
£ sk

Baseball chirups are growing louder with

the approach of spring.
%
% k

News reports announce the death of a wo-
man, at the age of 107 years, who never rode
on a railroad train. A daughter of 81 years
survives. Some chicken!

sk
* *

The famous operatic contralto, Madam
Schumar-Heink, recently injured in a taxicab
accident, is now said to be out of danger,
though two ribs were broken.

You ought to .

K S

It is annonnced that the calander of the
State Board of Pardons for today contains
seventeen new cases, seven of which are for
rehearing. :

% £

The U-boats have evidently put the ‘‘ki-
bosh’’ on England’s bluff, as clogs are now
worn by British pupils and Lloyd-George has
‘:put up an awful holle*r. 2

3k *

The invasion of 25,000 colored aristocrats
from the South, in this city, has caused the
local authorities to bestir themselves to find
housing facilities for the host of workers.

sk
3 k £

Four dollars a bushel for potatoes seems
to be about the limit, but a local dealer calm-
]y assures us that “‘the worst is yet to come.””’
““We. should worry?’’ No, ‘let George do
itedl

; wr o

Some say that ‘‘the way of the transgres-
sor is hard.’”’ If you have any doubt about
it, just try to focus your optics upon the
man released from the ‘‘pen’’ after serving
five years or more, and note the various
strange antics he goes through to again get
hlS beari ings in the outer worid.

Professor Ott, ventrlloquls‘r the next num-
ber, was very clever, with 2 performance in
ventrlloqu1sm with his two little men ‘‘Mick-

e’’ and Sam. His work was perfect. His
other number, the dog turn, was very fine,
and the acting of the dog was wonderful. It _
appeared to enjoy the applause equally as well
as did the Professor.

Miss Frances King, who has pleased the
members before, was again the star. She
opened with the song, “‘On the Old Dominion
Line,”’ but she has such a warm spot in the
hearts of the H. F. C. thatat one time it ap-
peared as though they wanted her for the
whoie show. One of her songs after the fourth
encore, had a whistling part that Miss King

(Continued on page 4.)
