---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_050.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

u——_—_———_———m
M

" THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’'s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 21, 1917

“He who would do a great work must be
free from fetters.’’

PARENTAL NEGLECT

We have for some time past been aware
that many young men arnd women have fallen
into a life of sin and crime through the neg-
lect or ignorance of their parents, but we
were hardly prepared for the figures that a
New York social welfare worker recently
disclosed in a prominent publication. :

Evidently this matter of parental neglect
of children has attracted the attention of an
editorial writer in the Public Ledger, who
com neats as follows:

““Why have so many parents in these days
practically abdicated their authority over
their children? Again and again painful il-
lustrations of the fact come to the public
eye. Thus in a New Jersey town ftive little
chaps, none over twelve years old, were
brought before the Court for larceny on a
scale worthy of old offenders. The Judge
frankly confessed that he could not imagine
what their home life was like, and he ‘spared
no words’ in his criticism of their parents,
who were present. It ought not to be too
much to hope that they learned a salutary
lesson. But a perfectly amazing lack of in-
terest in what the children are doing is to be
found in many a home described as good.
Fathers and -mothers alike assume that their
sole duty is to feed and clothe their offspring,
send them to school, and perhaps to church
for the moral instruction they get nowhere
else. Who their playmates are, where they
spend their hours of leisure—such important
things as these are ignored. Is it any won-
der that more and more American children
are growing up without manners, without
morals, running into mischief if not into
crime, and losing the graces if not the vir-
tues of what should be the age of innocence?

‘A Philadelphia school principal points out
how home example may be as injurious as
lack of home restraint. ‘It is a pathetic
sight,” she says, ‘to see little girls who ought
to be in short sensible dresses coming to
school looking like miniatures of their elders,
with painted cheeks, frizzled hair, and dress.
ed in gaudy and flimsy clothing.” It is in-
deed; but what-can the teacher say if the

excuse is that ‘mother does it’? If mother
would only remember how imitative children
are and not indulge too freely her own pro-
pensity for ‘loudness,” or at least instruct
her young daughters that they are not yet
‘grown-ups’! Yet this is the last thing she
thinks of doing. How can children under
such influence, or lack of influence, at home
be expected to be simple, unaffected and un-
spoiled away from home? There is a very
serious need of an increased recognition by
parents of all their responsibilities to the
plastic souls they bring into the world.”’

BOOZE AND ITS RELATION TO CRIME

The prohibition wave continues to roll over
the country, says a writer in a popular peri-
odical, ‘‘and if we are to judge from present
conditions it will not be long before the en-
tire country is dry.’’

The Chicago Tribune kept a record for ten
years and found that 53,556 murders were
committed by men under the influence of drink.

Nathan F. Simpson, warden of the state
penitentiary of Michigan, says: ‘“We find
tha*. 92 per cent. of the men now confined
here used liquor to some extent, and 75 per
cent. attribute their downfall directly to drink.
Of the men who violate their paroles, approx-
imately 75 per cent. do so by frequenting
saloons.”’

Mary C. Johnson, superintendent of the
Michigan Industrial Home for Girls, Adrian,
Mich., says: ‘‘During the ten years pastthe
number of inmates received was 1,276. Of
this number 595 had fathers who drank and
131 had intempzrate mothers, a total of 726."’

The Detroit House of Correction had 38,376
inmates in one year. Only 67 of them were
temperate, the other 3,309 were booze drink-
ers.’’ ;

Is it any wonder state after state is vot-
ing out booze? :

The above sentences were published in the
Kansas City Star. We reprint them because
they reflect just the sort of fact that is dry-
ing up the United States a good deal faster
than one could have prophesied a dozen years
ago. ‘‘Twenty-four, or half, of the states
are dry, and by the election of a dry legisla-
ture and dry Governor, Utah will soon become
the twenty-fifth,”” says the Bellingham
(Wash.) American-Reveille. ~ Booze makes
for crime just as it makesfor inefficiency, and
even drinking men. are voting their states
dry. :

WONDER ISLAND OF HISTORY

Sicily’s history is as vivid and picturesque,
as ferocious and creative and destructive, as
mythical and intensely practical as the stories
of all the rest of the world put together,
says a writer in the Geographic Magazine.
And in beauty of nature, of climate, or man,
and of beast, the island is a paradice today,
whether or not it was ever the workless,
painless, passionless elysium where our first
ancestors enjoyed all the good things of life
without having to toil.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

Nature itself, now in the guise of the mis-
understood gods of old, now in colvulsions or
in quiet fertility that science has made plain
to us, weaves its mysterious shuttle through
and through the highly colored fabric.

And men—such men!—tower above their
fellows in the story like Titans—Pindar, Aes-
chylus, Theocritus, Thucydides, Archimedes,
the two great Hierons, Cicero, Verres, Dio-
dorus, Hamilcar and Hannibal, Roger the
Count and Roger the King, Belisarius, the
great crusaders Richard of the Lion Heart
and Louis the Saint of France, Charles of
Anjou, Frederick II, the ‘‘wonder of the
world,”” and Garibaldi. Even this partial
list reads like a compendium of ancient and
medieval romance and chivalry.

THE GOLDEN SIDE

There’s many a rest in the road of life
If we only would stop to take it,
And many a tone from the better land
If the querulous heart would make it.
To the sunny soul that is full ef hope,
And whose beautiful trust ne’er faileth,
The grass is green and the flowers are bright,
Though the wintry storm prevaileth.

Better to hope, though the clouds hang low>
And to keep the eyes still lifted,

For the sweet blue sky will soon peep through,
When the ominous clouds are rifted.

There’s never a night without a day,
Nor an evening without a morning,

And the darkest hour, as the proverb goes,
Is the hour before the dawning.

There’s many a gem in the path of life, -
Which we pass in our idle pleasure,
That is richer far than the jeweled crown,
Or the miser’s hoarded treasure;
It may be the love of a little child,
Or a mother’s prayer to heaven,
Or only a beggar’s grateful thanks
For a cup of water given.

Better to weave in the web of life
A bright and golden filling,
And do G d’s will with a cheerful heart,
And hands that are swift and willing,
Than to snap the delicate, tender threads
Of our curious lives asunder,
And then blame Heaven for the tangled ends,
And sit and grieve and wonder. .
—Author Unknowmn.
