---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_051.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

0

THE PRACTISE OF LYING

To the tendency of lying we can safely as-
cribe the incipiency of nearly all that we
have to deplore. It is an evil that steals into
our habits by a very delicate imperceptibil-
ity, yet it settles itself with an encroaching
persistency that renders a large percentage
of mankind nearly unqualified to tell the
truth.

In its early stages the habit may seem
very mild and common-place; it may even
flatter us to the point of what we imagine to
be our personal shrewdness; but it acts upon
the mind as alcohol on the appetite, gradually
consuming the sense of reason until it be-
comes the central attraction to all of its
graver consequences.

+ rhaps it would be well to have this sub-
ject applied to man in general and to prison-
ers in particular. Not, however, from an
idea that they are more given to exaggera-
tion than the average man, but because they
stand in greater need of that peace of mind
which emanates from a personal conscious-
ness of their own veracity.

There is little justification in a lie, and a
victory won from its circulation will only
serve to intensity the disappointment of a
greater defeat. Its undermining effects are
the same with nations and empires as it is
with the individual who builds his hopes up-
on the foundation of pretense.

Upon fully realizing the detrimental effects
of an untruthful life, I’ve tried to repel the
evil by way of experiment, and I find the
results have been wonderfully effective.
While the truth may not enhance our mate-
rial wealth and may leave us even less popu-
lar with our friends, yet it affords a better
prospect in its returns than both wealth and
popularity combined.

Nearly every man has some little incident
in his life which he would like to keep hid-
den, but the practise of lying to conceal it
will create a condition more repulsive than a
candid admission of the truth would have
done. One lie necessitates the invention of
another until the whole mind is absorbea in
the thoughts and notions of makeshift.

If the details in a case are of such anature
as to meet with a reluctancy of disclosure,
its discussion should be declined with a can-
did frankness; but the average prisoner is so
fond of referring to his case that he is prone
to exaggerate and falsify the nature of his
statements. Indeed, he frequently draws on
his imagination to patch up a poor story un-
til it looks more like a homely caricature
than it does like the real, and is as much dis-

gusting to his auditor as it is detrimental to

himself.

Extravagant exaggeration is only an em-
belishment for lies, and pretense is only the
lie made plausible.

These who expect to succeed by feigning
base subterfuges are deceiving themselves,
and those who are seeking the security of
self-reliance and peace of mind should con-

centrate their thought forces as much in op-
posing the practise of lying as they would in
resisting the evil habits and baneful influ-
ence of drinking, gambling, stealing or
fighting. A liberty that is gained from a
basis of lies is uncertain and short-lived; but
when the truth makes us free, we are free
indeed. —B 8495.
THE KNOCKER
In speaking of another’s faults,
Pray don’t forget your own,
Remember, those in homes of glass
Should never throw a stone.
If you have nothing else to do
But knock your fellow-man,

"Tis better we commence at home
And from that place begin.

You have no right to judge a man
Until we’re right ourselves;

Should we not take men’s company,
You know this world is wide.

We all have faults—and who has not? —
The old as well as young!

Perhaps we may, for aught we know.
Have thousands of our own.

I'll tell you of a better plan,
And I find it works full well,

To try our own defects to cure
Before of others’ tell;

And though we sometimes hope to be
No worse than some we know,

My own shortcomings bid me let
The faults of others go.

Then let us all when we commence
To %Xnock our friend or foe,
Think of the harm one word may do
To those we little know.
Remember, knocks sometimes like
Your chickens ‘‘roost at home,’’
Don’t knock, or speak of others’ faults
. [until
We have none of our own. ;
(Printed by request.)

GET CLOSE

Many a General, since Time got to going,
has bitterly learned the futility of fightinga
battle at long range. Also many a Business
Man has learned to his sorrow, the disaster
back of a distant relationship between him-
self and his customers.

Step a Step Closer. :

Individual supremacy and power result from
combat, whether or notitis a Battleat Arms,
a Battle in Business, or a Battle with your
own self. And the Closer you get to your Op-
ponent the surer you are of Victory.

Step a Step Closer.

Another thing to remamber—Imagination
is a powerful factor in Success and the Closer
you are to your work or your Opposition, the
bigger will be your Vision, the more will
you see, and the clearer will loom the real
Purpose back of each effort that y ou make in
life.

Step a Step Closer.

Close quartered you are able to detect de-
fects, and correct them. Close centered there
is no lost motion, but power in every stroke.
If you will but apply the suggested thoughts
back of this little talk to your work today,
larger growth is sure. You will be a bigger
man or woman.

—George Mathew Adams.

“DOES THE WORLD OWE US A LIVING?®

When we came upon this old world of ours,
with no seript with which to pay our way
and 1f the world owes us a living, how is
it we lay so weak and helpless? But as the
years grew on, and we grew from our infancy
to childhood, we began to set up and take
notice, and found that the world did not owe
us a living, only what we might earn by
honest toil. And while doing so, has there

- not begun the formation of MANHOOD and

WOMANHOOD?

The old axiom of ‘‘the twig being bent
the tree will grow,’’ may no doubt be true.
But have we ever stopped to think that when
God made the trees, He made the crooked
trees with the straight, and the crooked trees
are just as capable of bearing good fruit as
that of the straight ones? Of course they
must be given special attention, and if culti-
vated in the right manner, they will bear
abundance of fruit. So it is with us, if we
will but culivate ourselves to do good, and we
can then and only then, say that ‘‘the world
owes us a living.”’

We all know the meaning of a well
spent life, and if we refuse to take the ad-
vantage, we must then pay the price. Our
home surroundings may not have been up to
standard, and this may have been the
cause of our starting the downward path,
but with this excuse, we ought not say the
world owes us a living, but go forth and
show that our parents’ love and duty were
not lost, and the sooner we take this step,
the sooner we will enjoy the privilege we all
desire. — B 7274.

THE STORY OF A FAMOUS HYMN

‘The famous hymn beginning ‘‘God moves
in a mysterious way,’” known as ““Cowper’s
Hymn,”’ had its origin as fellows: Cowper
was all his life the victim of melancholia and
more than once attempted suicide. One day,
bent upon destroying himself, he got into
a cab and ordered the driver to take him to a
certain point on the river where he intended
to drown himself. The cabman, noticing his
strange appearance and feeling that all
might not be right with him, drove him about
the city and finally stopped in front of the
poet’s door. Stepping out and recognizing
the old familiar surroundings and shocked at
the thought of his narrow escape, Cowper
exclaimed, ‘‘God moves in a mysterious way
his wonders to perform,’’ and, rushing in,
immediately composed the immortal hymn.
