---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_052.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

___—_————————___—__———______———_——_————:——-___—_——

(Continued from page 1.) v
performed in a manner both perfect and
pleasing. She must have been well pleased
with the applause.

Lewis and Carvin, a clever comedy musical
team, was the next number and they gave a
performance that was well received andloud-

ly applauded.
Miss Helen Muller, the Nordica of Vaude-

ville, was the announcement of a good turn in
a beautiful costume by an artist of beauty
and rare attainmants. Her singing was good,
and the applause brought her back for three
encores.

Baker and Emmett, musicians par excel-
lence, was the next, and a musical treat on
banjos, tuba and clarionet, was enjoyed by
all who love good music.

We had Master John Quillian, a young art-
ist from canny Scotland, and a protege of
Harry Lauder, Miss Russell was pleased to
say, and his performance was good. His sue-
cess in this country is assured. He submitted
to three encores, and then the applause was
thunderous. A brave little man is Master
~ Quillian, who showed his gameness under
conditions that would have floored many older
artists.

Then, fresh from the Great White Way of
Allentown, came Miss Lillian Langdon, the
rag-time queen. Miss Langdon bore out the
good name she left when she was here be-
fore, and she leaves nothing but friends and
well-wishers in the H. F. C. Again and again
was she encored, and she responded to the
calls.

Miss Russell then announced Reynolds—
““Nut’’ Reynolds, Miss Russell said—the hu-
man fly. All who saw Reynolds on Satur-
day will for all future time expect to read in
any paper of—well, don’t let’s say it; but
every one looks for it. We were first shown
a film of Reynolds climbing up a 45-story
building, with the crowd looking at him.
Then he did some stunts juggling balls, while
balanced on tilted chairs upon tables piled
high in the air. All who saw Reynolds would
have helped gather him up had he lost his
balance. All united in saying ‘‘wonderful’’
when speaking of his coolness and nerve dur-
ing his performance.

Then came the ‘‘hit’’ of the performance
—what Miss Mae Russell termed a bevy of
beauty Honor and Friendship Quartette.
Under the spotlight there appeared four
beautiful maids—Miss Lillian Langdon, Miss
Marian Hilliard, and Miss Helen Muller—and
marshalled by (to the H. F. C.) the best and
most beautiful of them all, Miss Mae Rus-
sell, the quartette marched and sang ‘‘Tippe-
rary,’’ with the audience joining in the cho-
rus. It was good to hear and see the pleas-

ure on the faces turned toward the stage.

This taking up all the time, the other movie
had to be foregone. The real result of this
afternoon, and other afternoons of a like en-
joyment, may not be observed at just this
time, but the future is when the benefit will
be shown. The man in his cell tonight, re-

calling the enjoyment of today, will have no
room for vengeful thoughts. Every moment
of those four hours will tend to create a
healthier condition within each mind.

All praise and thanks to our Warden for
permitting these conditions, and all thanks
to our friends who- show an interest in the
Hor B 8E:

Mrs. R. C. McKenty, Miss Elsie and a lady
friend, were in attendance, and their pres-
ence was appreciated by all.

The Hon. Mrs. Craven, a sister-in-law of
Lord Craven, an English baronet, was with
Mrs. Alice Buzby, an honorary member of
the H. F. C., guests of Miss Mae Russell.

Jimmy Mulligan (the man in  the box) had
young Mr. Mulligan and Herbert Kraupa for
guests.

With the performance of March 24th the
movies will close for the seascn, although
Mr. Kraupa gave assurance from the stage
that any rainy Saturday this summer he was
ready to respond to the call and bring out the
films Some friend, Mr. Kraupa!

On Saturday, March 24th, the 1st Section— .

3rd B, 5th B, 7th G, 7B, 4 G, 4 B, 5 G.
— B 7542.

The Honor Club’s donator of $10.00 to a
helpless widow and her six childern isa char-
ity deserving of highest commendation.
Christ said ‘“Who helps the widow and the
orphan is blest.”’ —A Friend.

MY PENKNIFE*

By B 82}

Only a little penknife,
A delicate, dainty thing!
But it means to me a ray of hope,
And it makes my glad heart sing;—
O life’s wasted years and bitter tears!
They recall the days of youth,
When I trod the ways that lead to death,
The ways that know not truth.

Only a little penknife,
With a delicate handle of pearl!
The gift to me from the fair hand
Of all that is best in a girl;—
O angels of mercy in Heaven,
Look down today from the skies,
Make me love her whom God gave me,
Keep her image before my eyes.
Only a little penknife,

With two tiny blades of steel!—
Cut from my heart all guilt and sin
As on bended knees I kneel;—

And O God, in Thy infinite mercy,
Take Thou my wasted life,

Teach me to love with all my heart
The woman who is my wife.

* A lady recently paid a visit to her husband, who is
serving a short term in the Eastern State Penitentiary.
Her parting gift was a tiny pearl handled penknife. .

Never wait for a thing to turn up. Go and
turn it up yourself. It takes less time and it
is surer to be done.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ‘Ad”’ column.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE Clothes brushes hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
S50 13 1381,'7th Block. S(Eh)

OLD CHAIRS made new, renaired and up-
holstered B 8327 6th Block (6)

FOR SALE— Forty new records for $15.00.
B 6939, 2nd Block. (8)

FOR SALE— One rocking-chair; high back,
cane bottom; in good condition. Reasonable.
B 7810, 3rd Block (9)

FOR SALE Guitar Instructor (new) cost
$1.00; will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7th Block. (8)

FOR SALE—A guitar; almcst new; fine
tone; with case, $3. 50 B 6567, 4th Blcck (10)

FOR SALE Blrds guaranteed singers, male
and female, good b1eeders also brass cages
and breeding cages. B 7507, 9th Block. (10)

PLASTER OF PARIS SACRED HEART,
10c. B 7418, 7th Gallery. (10)

PLASTER OF PARIS NOVELTIES— Smok-
ers’ outfit cheap. B 6083, 7th Gallery. (10)

FOR SALE--Jos. Ricketts Philadelphia banjo,
11-inch head, 22 brackets, Al tone, in good
condition; a collapslble music-stand and ban-
jo musie. - All for $4.00. B 7144, 12th Block,

1st Gallery. (9)

TYPEWRITING done, at reasonable rates,
in English, French, Italian, and Spanish.
B 7499 Tth Gallery - (10)

FOR SALE Fancy pmcushlons made to or-
der at reasonable prices. Strongly made,
and work guaranteed. B7898 11th Block (11)

FOR SALE- A good substantial rockmg-
chair. Will sell reasonable.. B 6413, 7th
Block. . (11}

LOST—A bunch of keys belonging to Profes-
sor Wiegandt. Finder please return to him,
or the Center. ‘

MUSIC arranged, transposed .and copied by
B 8552, 4th Block. 11)

FOR SALE—V1olm,
nice tune.
4th Block.

in good condition and
Will sell reasonable. B - 8332,
<Ly

FOR SALE Flne 1nlald boxes and school
companions. Prices reasonable. Large stock
always on hand. - B 6557, 7th Block. (12)

PORTRAITS in crayon sepia, tinted (rayon
opal, ete.; 16x24 size for $1.50; hand strippled,
air brushed and finished in every sense of
the word. "No chance of artist losing like-
ness. Work guaranteed. No money in ad-
vance, and first-class in every respect. B
6339, Tth Gallery. (1-2—)

INLAID WORK made to order Scroll work.
Names cut from white holly. Inlaid boxes -
and fancy work on hand. Inlald wood at 5¢. a-
foot. B 7675, Tth Gallery (12)

FOR SALE—One Easy Chair (foldlng) and
a Fancy Rug 60x30. Cheap B 6343, 2nd
Gallery, 12th Block. = : : (12)

