---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_053.jpg
---
IRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, Marck 238, 1917

NO. 13

E.S. P. CHOIR GIVES
SACRED SONG SERVICE

- Before a large assembly of visitors, the
E. S. P. choir, assisted by the orchestra,
gave a delightful sacred song service on Sun-
day last, undar the able direction of Prof. A.
F. Wiegandt. The program was as follows:

Sl
S
he e Bt

The Golden Trumpet Worreil
Hymn No 197 (BE. B:) John B. Dykes
- (a)—Holy, Holy, Hoely!
(b)—Steer for Home, (R. B. 23)
Hymn No. 1 (R. B.) Chas. H. Gabriel
(a)—That Will Be Glory
(b)—How Firm a Foundation, (R.
B. 115)
Sacred Heart Barnard
Hymn No. 58 (B. S.) H. S. Perkins
(a) —Whiter Than Snow
(b)—He Died of a Broken Hearg, (B).
74

syal
. -
23

DOlRS

w

A

S

Hymn No. 114 (B. S.) Chas. H. Gabriel
(a)—Because I Love Jesus
(b) —When Love Shines In, (B. S.141)
Hope Sublime Barnard
A. F. Wieyandt, Conductor.

ol

RUSSIAN REVOLUTIONISTS
RELEASE 2200 PRISONERS

An Awmerican correspondent in Russia re-
ports that during the recent revolution in
that country, many political prisoners were
released. At Kherson 1700 convicts disarmed
the prison guards and broke into another
wing of the jail, where they released 500
meore convicts.

The released men scattered through the
town, but no serious trouble has been re-
ported.

Arrested for Suspicious Looks

Because Vinaland, N. J., has just installed
a police aocket that could not be opened in
view of the lack of a crime wavé, the police
recently rounded up four tramps. Four
names were at orce inscribed on the " docket.
The hoboes were charged with ¢‘suspicious
looks’” and will have to clean the borough
crosswalks.

Prisoners to Receive Military Training

A late dispatch from Salem, Oregon, states
that military training will be adopted for the
convicts in the Oregon State Penitentiary
within a few months, Warden Charles A.
Murphy has announced. ‘

The prison has a flag within the walls
which has been raised for the fi:st time. The
convicts stood at attention and the prison
band played the “Star-spangled Banner.”’

HONOR CLUB NOTES
The One-third Law

The last show of the season: that was the
watchword on Saturday that caused every one
who could possibly find a reason or excuse
for asking for an extra ticket to go to Pete,
and few were turned down.

What caused the desire was the Secretary
had received a letter on Friday from the
Honorable James A. Walker, thanking the
Club for making him an honorary member of
the Honor and Friendship Club, and accept-
ing their invitation to be the guest of the
Club and address them. As a member of the
Pennsylvania Legislature and the father of
the one-third law, now before the Senate,
any remark from Mr. Waiker held interest,
and that he would visit us and behold us as
we are and know ourselves to be, would place
the gentleman in a position to champion the
cause of the ones who were benefitted by his
proposed legislation. :

With this in mind a parade was prepared
for the honored gentleman’s review, and each
member was on the tiptoe of expectancy
after being seated. The quiet, Kkindly
gentleman who sat in the audience suggested
a visitor, and when the President announced
the Honorable James A. Walker and this un-
obtrusive gentleman ascended the stage, the
burst of applause that greeted the introduc-
tion was thunderous and rang true and sin-
cere. :

Mr. Walker began his remarks with a joke,
and continuing said, he advocated the one-
third bill, because he felt it to be just and
humane. He does not believe that because a
man has made a mistake he should be forever
barred from retrieving himself. Mistakes are
liable to any one. Our Saviour when asked
should he forgive a man scven times? replied.
‘“Yea, and seventy times seven;’’ and this
example can'be followed always. Mr. Walker
has devoted his every effort for the passage
of the one-third bill and will continue to use
every influence he can bring to finally make
it a law and benefit the men who are entitled
to a chance. The strong, serious sincerity
of the speaker came out when he said, I
ask each man’s prayer. If you are Christian
Scientist or other, I ask that you will throw
the mental waves or any telepathic influence
you can exert toward the Senate that it
may be influenced in behalf of the bill. T am
a firm believer in prayer,”” he continued,
‘‘and the more prayers that go up for me the
surer I am that I will succeed. Then too I
expect every man who is benefitted by the law
to go forth and prove by his conduct, that not
75 per cent. but 100 per cent. will make good

and that I am right.”” His high praise for
our Warden, Robert J. McKenty; his pleasure
at being an honorary member of the Honor
and Friendship Club; his belief in the ulti-
mate good and benefit to be derived from
just such uplift movements had such sincer.
ity in it that it was pleasant to listen to, and
each one who heard was sorry to hear the
finish.

The applause was thunderous and left no
doubt as to our sincerity. The officers and

(Continued on page 4.)

IN THE BASEBALL WORLD

1t is announced that Branch Rickey is to
be president and busitess manager of the St.

Louis Nationals.

k
£ £

The names of the umpires for the Ameri-
can Association have just been announced by

President Hickey.

3k
% £

“Bill”” Donovan is credited with boasting
of the fact that the Yankees have the best

infield in the American League.

%
s *

The mambers of the Detroit Club recently
declined to participate in military maneuvers
asserting that thz driil entails a severe strain
upon muscles not brought into use in ball
playing. ; '

With Joe Bush, Amos Strunk and Elmer
Meyers at Saib2 Park, Connie Mack posses-
ses the nucleus of a psnnant winner.

BILL IN SENATE FOR
STATE MILITARY TRAINING

It is announced that the State Senate took
the first step toward the establishment of a
system of military training in Pennsylvania
when, by a unanimous vote, it passed a reso-
lution introduced by Senator Charles H. Sny-
der, of Schuylkill, providing for the appcint-
ment of a legislative committee to prepare
and draft a military training code for intre-
duction into the present session of the Gen-
eral Assembly.

The resolution, as explained by Senator
Snyder in an zddress to the chamber, is in-
tended to give the Legislature the advantage
of all expert knowledge and opinion as to
methods of military training before commit-
ting itself to any particular system. It is
expected that the committee provided for in
the resolution will hold hearings on the ques-
tion before drafting the measure.

The reso}ution, having passed the Senate,
goes to the House for concurrence.
opposition is expected there.

Some
