---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_054.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. ,

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned. .

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 28, 1917

‘A ladder of well-done little thmgs leads to
the big posts on top.”’

REFORMING SOCIETY

In an address which was delivered before
the American Prison Association some
time ago, Frank Moore, superintendent
of the New Jersey Reformatory, called the
attention of his hearers to some pertinent
facts that are well worthy of repeating, and
as the New FEra comments, ‘‘he struck the
keynote in real, practical ideas of reform.’’

In the course of his address Mr. Moore
said: ‘‘Reform society and you not only re-
form the prison, but you remove it. Every
prison is a monument to society’s failures,
but we must plead that society, which may
never have given to the prisoner a fair

chance before he was sent to prison, shall at

least take a second sober thought and give
him at least one good, fair, square chance
when he gets out of prison.

“If our cities were cleaner, had more mor-
al and wholesome places to live in, there
would not be near as many who would be
contaminated with the smear of erime and
have to be taken to prison.’’

That is good logic. ~‘‘Reform society first,
and the task of reforming men in prison will
be an easy one. Noone has as yet advanced
a plausible argument to disprove the fact
that the cause of crime is chiefly due to so-
cial economics and to society’s indifference
toward the thousands of individuals who only
ask for a fair fighting chance.”’

A COTTON LEGEND

It is said that cotton was the theme of one
of the most fabulous nature stories on its
first introduction into Europe. Travelers re-
lated that in Tartary there grew a shrub that
when its ripe fruit was cut open within was
‘‘a lyttle Beaste in flesche, in bone and blode
as though it were a lyttle Lamb with outer
wolle.”” The flesh of this ‘‘vegetable lamb’’
was eaten, ran the story, and the wool made
into cloth. The basis of the legend is the
way in which the cotton pod ripens and
bursts, showing the white fluffy raw cotton,
which closely resembles wool. Raw cotton is
called ‘‘cotton wool.”’

AIR CASTLES

There are few, if any, of us that do not
build air castles, and surround them with
good intentions during our stay here. Yet
few builders of these castles fail to occupy
them, and their good intentions were not
fulfilled; And Why?

Imagine a contractor of a large building
having a construction that had possibly taken
him a year or more to construct come to a
destruction before his very eyes. Can we
realize how this man felt to have this happen,
and could it be possible that he would let
this same thing occur again?

He would most likely investigate to see
what caused this destruction, and would no
doubt right his wrong, and on his second at-
tempt he would prove sucessful, and s2e the
construction occupied.

How many of us who have built these cas-
tles, which had taken us years to construct,
have seen them fall all to pieces in a short
time; and have we even investigated why they
should come to this destruction? We can not
afford to let this happen very often, as it
takes us too long to build such castles, and
life is so short. But, like the contractor, we
can avoid this, if we will look for the cause
and right our wrong.

Have we ever stopped to think how much
easier it is to do right than do wrong; and if
this be the case, why take the hard side?
For an example, I had been employed at the
Stocking Shed, then in operation, when the
Overseer of tnat department called my atten-
tion to the fact that I was doing my work
wrong, and in order to do this, I would make
this work harder for myself, and by graphic
illustration I convinced him of this being a
fact.

Now let us ask ourselves the question, are
we going to see these castles we build with
our good intentions come to this destruction,
and are we going to continue to give ourselves
the worst of it by doing wrong, when doing
right is so much easier? Each time we fail,
right the wrong and build the foundation of
these castles more secure, and we shall see
ourselves occupying them some day.

—B 727)4.
LIFE AND THE SPIRIT

All life must rise to so nething in the spirit,
Some height of nobleness in deed and
thought.
We face the battle not to flee or fear it,
Or be cajoled, or trifled with or bought.

We must be linked with that high spiritual
vision
That sees beyond our daily trivial cares
If we would stamp on life with true precision
Our faith that conquers all our brief des-
pairs.
Vaster our energies of high contentions
Against thedrag-net of the sundering wrong
If with high-souled and spiritual intention
We save ourselves by helping lift the throng:.
— Boston Post.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the: Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

LIVE AND KEEP ON LEARNING

“If you die before youare eighty-five years
old you come to an untimely end.’”” Earl
Barnes, of New York, an exponent of long-
evity and defier of Dr. Osler, made a large
audience sit up and take notice when he made
this statement recently.

““Thirty-five per cent. of the world’s great-
est work has been done in the age decade be-
tween sixty and seventy years, 21 per cent.
between seventy and eighty, and 6 per cent.
above eighty.’’

Mr. Barnes cited a score of political, scien-
tifie, philosophical, commercial and military
leaders who are just beginning their work at
sixty years.

‘“The man who does one thing continuously
is old at forty,”” he said. ‘‘But get out
and study, travel and broaden your horizon.
If you are a woman, don’t put your broom in
the same corner every day. Hide it. Break up
your routine or you are lost.

“The farmer who atfifty years turns the
farm over to the boys, moves to the ecity and
spends the remainder of his life watching the
trains arrive is wasting his life. He might as
well be dead, and he soon is.

““There is no reason why you can’t be learn-
ing every year of your life.”’

PITCAIRN ISLAND

Like many other names seldom heard of in
the ordinary course of events, the mention of
Pitcairn Island bhas been brought to notice as
a result of the European war. The island is
located in latitude 25 degrees 3 minutes south
and longitude 130 degrees 6 minutes west, or
almost exaztly south of Vancouver Island, and
just a little shuth of th» tropic of Capricorn.
It was first settled in 1790 by nine mutineers
from th> E1zlish ship Bounty and eighteen na-
tivesof Tahiti. By the year 1808, when the is-
land was discovered by the English, the popula-
tionhad geowa ty sixty-six persons, who form-
eda model community under the patriarchal
government of John Adams, the only surviving
mutineer, whd> had saved a Bible from the
ship and was ruling with wisdom and - justice
his little kingdom of slightly over two miles
in length. The lsland now has over 200 pop-
ulation.
