---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_056.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 1.)
delegates send out the call to each member of
the Honor and Friendship Club, that answer-
ing Hon. James A. Walker’s request, every
member say a prayer for the success of the
one-third law at 9:30 P.M., Thursday night,
March 29th. :

Opening with a “Dug’’ Fairbanks in the
‘“‘American Aristocracy’’ on the film, Mr.
Kraupa held to the last the good opinion of
his judgment in selection. Quite frequent
bursts of applause indicated the appreciation,
and the little murmur that arose when ‘‘en-
gine trouble’’ interupted was merely the ex-
pression following interupted interest that
immediately became absorbed again when
the picture was continued.

During the showing of the film, Professor
- Wiegandt on the cornet, assisted on the piano
by B 6552 and B 4812 with the violin, while
B 7349 accompanied with the saxophone ren-
dered a beautiful selection entitled ‘‘A Per-
fect Day’’ in a manner that brought ap-
plause.

Again, a selection entitled “H. F. C.
March’’ was rendered by the Club pianist
(B 6252), accompanied by 8361 on the drum.
The music of this march was written by B
8099, a member who has a musical gift apd
bids fair, at some future day, becoming a
composer of fame. Generous applause was
given at the finish.

The DeCourcy Brothers opened the vaude-
ville with a living statue act that was mar-
velous in its perfection. It was the grace of
their impersonation of statues of the differ-
ent vices—temper, hate, etc. Then the
wrestlers, showing the different holds used
in Graeco-Roman wrestling was beautiful to
behold. It was grand.

Miss Muller, the Nordica of Vaudeville,
was with us again, and she was equally as
good as last week. She has a beautiful voice,
clear and flutelike, and sings for the sheer
joy of being able. Miss Muller was encored
again and again. Four times she responded
to the applause and obliged each time.

The Musical Ogdens, who next appeared,
is a musical team, father and daughter, of
rare attainments. The music they produced
is seldom heard. Itis of that penetrating,
beautiful harmony that can not be described
except as beautiful and soul-filling, satisfy-
_ ing every musical want. Miss Ogden took
the piano and accompanied her father on the

xylophone. The performance was appreci--

ated and applauded.

Miss Marian Hilliar returned to entertain
the members of the 1st Section and right
royally did she succeed. With hLer classy
costume and sweet singing she appealed to
all. Four encores she responded to.

Graham and Wilks, a team of comedians
with the real stuff in them, gave a good
turn. Their jokes were good and their turn
received the appproval of all.

Then followed Miss Vida Hawley, a clever
little actress of very pleasing parts. Her
impersonation of, first, a Holland Vraleen

and then a Scotch laddie was filled with
brightness and interest, and her every move-
ment indicated how her heart was filled with
a fellow-feeling for her audience. , She was
applauded to the echo. /

Our old friends Kane and Rooter again re-
turned to entertain as none other but these
royal fellows can entertain. Their high-class
goods were well received. '

And our friend Miss Frances King came
for the benefit of the 1st Section. So near the
hearts of the members of the H. F. C. has

Miss King come that an inlaid box made

from 4784 separate pieces was given her, not
by the Honor and Friendship Club, but by an
individual member who felt.that it was
Miss King’s right to receive this token of his
appreciation. Miss King spoke a few well
chosen words in which she remarked how
thankful she was for this token of esteem,
extending her kind felicitations to every
member of the H. F. C. '

The ‘‘Mazy Mae’’ trio—Miss Russell, Miss
Hilliard and Miss King—then sang ‘‘Tippe-
rary,’’ with the audience joining in the cho-
rus. The vaudeville had a happy ending for
the season cf 1916-’17.

After the vaudeville the last film of the
season- was ‘‘Vampire Ambrose,’”” a mirth-
filling reel that left every one filled with
good cheer.

Mr. Kraupa announced from the stage that
the aggregate sum collected for the Xmas
Kiddie Fund is $103.76. On motion of Chair-
man of Board of Governers B 7927 a ris-
ing vote of thanks was tendered Mr. Krau-
pa, Miss Mae Russell, Professor Wiegandt,
Jimmie Mulligan, and all who have enter-
tained the members, and especially to Ward-
en Robert J. McKenty, whose kindness and
broad-mindedness permits this condition.
Every member arose. Again was thisre-
peated when a rising vote of.thanks was
given to Hon. James A. Walker.

During the week six of the members com-
bined and sent an inlaid box to each of the
Bennie Franklin Tots in appreciation of their
efforts to entertain. :

Mrs. R. C. McKenty, Miss Elsie McKen-
ty, and a young lady friend under the escort
of Mr. William McKenty, were present, as
was Mr. Robert McKenty, Jr., who attend-
ed Hon. James A. Walker.

Mrs. Wilks, Mrs. Graham, Mrs. Buzby,
and Miss Neilie Mendenhall graced the audi-
ence. President R. C. McKenty had full
charge and everything passed pleasantly.
Vice-President A 8432 was Grand Marshal of
the parade, the music for which was provided
by the E. S. P. band of sixty-four pieces, un-
der the able leadership of Prof. A. F. Wie-
gardt. The trumpet and drum corps, under
the able leadership of B 7879, did very cred-
itable work. Master Wiegandt gave a very
creditable performance on the piano; which
was appreciated and applauded.

Next Saturday afternoon the 2nd Section—
8-12-2, 12-1, 12-11, 1-10, 9-6, G 6.

SRt Bes o

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer.
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column. 3

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ; *%k

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

PLASTER OF PARIS SACRED HEART,
10c. B 7418, 7th Gallery. 10)

PLASTER OF PARIS NOVEL‘TIES.—Smok-
ers’ outfit cheap. B 6083, 7th Gallery. = (10)

FOR SALE--Jos. Ricketts Philadelphia banjo,
11-inch head, 22 brackets, Al tone, in good
condition; a collapsible music-stand and ban-
jo music. All for $4.00. B 7144, 12th Block,
1st Gallery. 9)

TYPEWRITING done, at reasonable rates,
in English, French, Italian, and Spanish.
B 7499, 7th Gallery. (10)

LOST—A i)unch of—keys belonging to Profes-
sor Wiegandt. Finder please return to him,
or the Center.

MUSIC arljangréd, transposed and éopied by
B 8552, 4th Block. ; (11)

FOR SALE—Violin, in good .condition and
nice tune. Will sell reasonable. -B 8332,
4th Block. (11)

FOR SALE—Fine inlaid boxes and school
companions. Prices reasonable. Large stock
always on hand. B 6557, Tth Block. (12)

PORTRAITS in crayon, sepia, tinted crayon,
opal, ete.; 16x20 size for $1.50; hand strippled,
air brushed, and finished in every sense of
the word. No chance of artist losing like-

ness. Work guaranteed. No money in ad-
vance, and first-class in every respect. B
6339, Tth Gallery. : (12)

INLAID WORK made to order. Seroll work.
Names cut from: white holly. Inlaid boxes
and fancy work on hand. Inlaid wood at 5c. a
foot. B 7695, Tth Gallery. (12)

FOR SALE—One Easy Chair (folding) and
a Fancy Rug 60x30. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd
Gallery, 12th Block. : £ek2)

FOR SALE—Fancy pincushions made to or- -
der at reasonable prices. Strongly made,
and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (13)

FOR SALRW —Sawyers banjo; 1l-inch head
18-inch draft, 18 brackets, case, instructor,
3 sets of strings; $5.00. B 6986, 1st Biock.

LOST—Between Warden’s cffce eré €th
Block, small furniture catalogue contairing
memoranda of use to owner only. Please re-
turn and reczeive reward. B 5735, 6th Blozk.

FOR SALE—Guitar, in good condition, with
bag. Will sell at low price. B 5310, 7th .
Gallery.

FOR SALE — Handsome English mission
clocks; guaranteed movement, ecathedral
gong strikes every half hour. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Price, $12.00. B 6316,
7th Block. : G

SUITCASES made to order. Several sty]eé
and colors to select from. $3.00 up. B 8231,
5th Block.

Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
