---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_057.jpg
---
" THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, April 4, 1917

NO. 14

CHORAL SONG SERVICE
OF UNUSUAL MERIT

The ladies of San Domingo Cheral gave an
exceptionally fine concert at this institution
on Sunday afternoonlast, under the masterly
direction of Dr. Joseph P. Burns, with Miss
Loreto McCann as accompanist.

The program, consisting of several numbers
of popular music, wasrendered in a most art-
tistic and pleasing manner, which appealed to
the assembled guests in a way that brought
out repeated encores.

Tharks are due the American Society for
Visiting Catholic Prisoners for their efforts
in behalf of the E. S. P. inmates, and under
whose auspices the concert was made possi-

ble. The selections were as follows:
PROGRAM

1. The Mariners Randegger
2. Song at Sunrise Manney
3. Dance Song Von Weinzierl
4. The Palms Faure
5. Absent Metcalf-Lynes
6. The Two Marionettes Cooke”
7. Swing Song Lohr
8. Dutch Dolls Ostlere

Dr. Joseph P. Burns, Director.
Miss Loreto McCann, Accompanist.

FINAL NOTICE
A large number of applications have been
received for admittance to the Engineering
Courses conducted under direction of Messrs.
J. Leeds Clarkson, M. A., and C. E. Gsum,

M. E. The classes will start in a short time.

If you are interested send a note through
your overseer to Mr. Bonsall, School Teacher,
and you will receive detailed information.

E. 5. P. LEAGUE MEETING

A meeting of the Baseball League was held
last week at which business pertaining to the
game for the ensuing season was discussed.
B 7079 was elected President. The name of
““The Shed’’ team was changed to the ‘‘Ath-
letics,”’ with B 7684 as manager and B 7685,
B 6453 and B 6654 managers respectively of
«“The Printers,’”’ ‘‘Cubs’’ and ‘Ninth.’’

The Warden, h ving the interest and pleas-
ure of “*his boys’’ at heart, has given per-
mission for the usual parade, led by the E. S.
P. Band, preceding the game. I am quite sure
the conduct of all attending the games will be
such as our Warden desires. Applause of good
plays, etc., should be limited, as much as pos-
sible, to hand clapping. Kindly keep this in
mind.

The spactators must not crowd over the
line marking boundaries of playino grounds.
Fielders should be: given all possible chance
to make their plays. Trusting we will have
a pleasant and satisfactorv seascn, even
should the bill outlined be thrown out at the
home-plate,

B 7079, President.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Saturday, March 381, 1917, is a date in the
history of old Cherry Hill that marks an in-
novation. Under the auspices of the Honor
and Friendship Club, one-half of the inmates
were entertained with a first-class minstrel
show—first-class in every particular, from
the opening chorus to the end, when ‘‘Alec
White’” announced that ‘“The Coming Cham-
peen’ have come.’”” Everything passed off
smooth and clean, without a single break or
falter. Each member received well-merited
praise, and not a single criticism was heard;
but from every spectator came the verdict,
“good!’”’ and the E. S. P. (¢“Curly’s’’) Min-
strels was voted a success. The curiosity
and interest of the H. F. C. members was
whetted up to the keenest edge.

Then after the parade in honor of Repre-
sentative James A. Walker, the audience
was seated, and this was a free-for-all show,
members and non-members alike being ad-
mitted. The Vice-President (A 8432) an-
nounced that, ‘‘Every one should be happy and
prepare themselves to see something they
never saw before in their life.”’

When the new curtain, a beautiful park

garden scene, rolled slowly up, exposing the

stage enlarged and the reproduction on a
drop-curtain of an American military armory,
with a fine picture of George Washington
standing out prominently, there was a gasp
of surpris: from the audience as the strains
of “Way Down Upon the Swanee River”
arose from unseen singers in a real planta-
tion melody.

There had been large posters distributed
throughout the yard, but the audience was
not prepared for the burst of color, when at
the proper moment twenty-four colored min-
strels in bright red coats and caps, with white
pants with red stripes, came marching on
the stage, followed by four end men, two ‘in
green swallow-tail coats, top hats and white
pants, with bright colored sashes around
their waist.

Continuing their singing, when each one
had reached his seat the singing stopped and
the interlocutor said, ‘‘Gentlemen, be seated. o
Immediately came the premier end men,. Jim
Johnston and “Will the Nut.”” In bright
orange long swallow-tail coats and high-top
hats, white pants and red sashes, these two
outclassed their brethren, and the fun began
with their entrance. After the chorus the
first number was a song, ‘‘The Way to Your
Heart,”’ by Mr. Charles Addison.

This song was rendered in a good clear ten-
or, which the singer controlled well, and it

was received with well deserved applause.
The chorus, joined in by the entire company,
gave just the required effect. 2

Then ‘“Moonlight Makes Me Long for You,’’

by the E. S. P. Quartette, was given in a

manner that left nothing to be wished for.
“‘Lonesome Sal,”’ by Mr. Sam Moliston, with
the chorus joining, was fine, and it was
heartily applauded.

“Down Where the Swanee River Flows,”’
by Geo. (“Dud’’) Johnson, was applauded
again and again. The dance was original and
fine. ‘‘Dud’’ was encored for the third time,
and he well deserved all the applause he re-
ceived.

““Someone More Lonesome Than You,’’ by
the interlocutor, W. H. Barrows, in which a
recitation is introduced, was well rendered
and well received with hearty applause.

Then came the prize of the show, ‘“Those
Prison Blues.”” The words and music of this
song were written for the occasion by A. A.
(“‘Curly’’) Carter and it was a hit. The air

“was catchy and the words appealed to every

man who ever wore the ‘‘prison blues.”” Too
much credit can not be given to Mr. Chas.
Winston, whose singing and acting made a
feature of both the song and the singer.
Again and again it had to be repeated be-
fore the audience was contented; very good,
Curly.

“‘Memories’’ came next, sung by Mr. A. J.
Rhoads. Mr. Rhoads sang very well, and
his voice has a sweet, plaintive cadence that
appealed to his hearers. The chorus was weli
rendered and sounded fine.

J. P. (not Pierpont) Morgan gave a. very
classy dance to his song, ‘‘On the South Sea
Isles,”’” immediately after ‘‘Memories.”” The
millionaire (?) deserves a place among the
financiers of minstreldom, and he was ap-
plauaed to the echo.

Then followed ‘‘Nut’”’ Brooks (‘‘Mr.
Bones’’) with a good song well sung, ‘‘Float-
ing Down the Green River.”” He took this off
excellently and was well applauded.

Next to appear was ‘‘Dud’’ Johnson, who
led with a darce. Taking up the step im-
mediately as he finished, came Norman Cook,
who appeared to outdo Johnson, when just as
Cook finished, up popped Charles Winston,
and between the three it was hard to say
which was the best, the three were so good
The applause burst out in the midst of each
dance and continued to the end, and it was
well deserved.

“Josh’’ Stewart made a hit. There is no
doubt about ‘‘Josh’’ being funny, ‘‘He’s there
all right,”” and the way he twisted his legs
and feet in the dancing that followed his’
song, '‘How’s Every Little Thing in Dixie?”’
was a wonder. The applause was so hearty
that he responded to threeencores.

The first part ended with a song, ‘“Through

(Continued on page L.)
