---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_058.jpg
---
2
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.~0rigin'al matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. ;

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be resnonsible only for such matter as
may appear on thls page

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, _April 4, 1917

“What men wants is not talent, it is pur-
pose to achicve—the will to labor.”’

OUR GOOD INTENTIONS

It has been said that every man has origi-
nated much of his mental activity in the
school of good intentions. It is a medium
easy to produce and to keep in use, and ordi-
narily man is quite content, after a few
strenuous exertions in the way of well doing,
to continue to pile up these intentions indefi-
nitely. In other words, the man who gets
good intentions in proper working order, in
this life, instead of ‘‘converting them into
paving blocks for another world,’’ is invaria-
bly one who has succeeded in securing an un-
obstructed view of a principle.

One of the most conspicuous characters in
the history of the world to be noted in the
New Testament is the Pharisaic philosopher
Paul. There is something exceptionally ap-
pealing in his epistles. ‘‘He saw the narrow
way climbing without a bend in the mountain
side of principle,’” when he wrote, “For the
geod that I would I do not,’” and likewise the
broad way, paved with good intentions he ex-
pressed by saying, ‘‘but the evil which I
would not that I do.”” In a few words he
had sounded the shallows and the depths of
temptation, and he realized the weakness of
humanity to make a fight against it.

Continuing his efforts to teach the begin-
ners of the New Faith he sought to inculcate
in them the majesty and dominion of a knowl-
edge of absolute Truth or divine Principle,
and to warn them against the misguiding
philosophy that the way to heaven was ‘‘a
pathtofroses: 22 In doing this, it was nec-
essary to call the attention of his converts to
a proper conception of what was meant by
absolute Truth. Unless the cone eption . of
Principle be made clear and he begins to sey-
er the chain which binds him to false. ideas,
he proceeds to temper it in the fires of  his
own awakened mentality, the last state may
become far worse than the first. This important
truth should not be forgotten by those who
are sincere in their desire for spiritual un-
foldment, and he ‘“‘may gain a little each day
in the true course, until at last he finishes
his course with joy.”’

Now this ought to inspire every man to

THE UMPIRE

fight ‘“‘not as one that beateth the air.”” 1t
is certain that he should run his course to the
end without ever slackening for one moment.
The fact that those who started before him
are still climbing upwards through the night
should fill him with fresh energy, determi-
nation and hope; for then of a certainty he
will finish his course with elation.

Those who really seek a higher plane of
spiritual thought can no more be deterred by
another’s limitations, than he can take -an-
other’s reward for a victory won.

All the good resolutions a man may form
are but momentary glimpses of true principle, -
and at best are fleeting because the man to
whom they have come has little or no knowl-
edge of scientific truth by which to guide
himself. In the degree in which he may
possess this knowledge of the absolute, he
acquires the understanding of Principle by
which he can at least begin to shape his
course as it veers away from divine Light.

Beyond question, a man’s glimpse of Truth
tells him the course he should pursue, but
there often comes into his life suggestions
from the objective mind, the enticement of
riches and the pleasures of a worldly life,
and in an instant his good intentions are for-
gotten or abandoned and thrown as waste in-
to the mental maelstrom of the drive for
excitement and pleasure, which invariably
ends in mental torment and exhaustion.

Good endeavors are not ‘thrown away,
though they fail at times. And no one can
tell, save the All-Wise, but the next good
resolution may bring the desired haven of
Joy, which “‘cometh without observation.’’

THE RIGHT: ]:(-IFD OF -SLUMMING-

The ‘‘slums’ of a big city are not merely
a sociological museum for scientific explora-
tion or for prurient curiosity, says a writer
in the Public Ledger. “‘Nor are all the resi-
dents in alley-ways ‘slum’ dwellers. There
Is quite as high an average of self-respect
and decent pride in the little houses on nar-
row lanes as in the homes of affluenc¢e and
comfort. But to learn from Miss MecCall,
the supervising inspector of the Philadelphia
Housing Commission, that 65,000 Philadel-
phians dwell in alleys is to be impressed with
the need of the enforcement of laws and the
surveillance of landlords that the poor may
have the light and air, the cleanliness and the
space to which thay are entitled> There are

many gloomy, filthy habitations beyond reno-

vation that ought to be destroyed at once in
favor of sanitary dwellings. There are in some

cases malodorous rivulets of sewage flowing
pastnew houses. If the conscience of the land-

lord is inoperative it must be stimulated; if
the city is lax of providing sanitative facili-
ties the authorities must be forced to do their
duty by the taxpayer.

healthy surroundings for his children is not
to be denied because he can only “afford a
humble home. It is‘not he but the ‘slums”

that must be banished.’” e

Now, however,

The right of the indi-’
vidual to the pursuit of happiness and to

“——————W
W

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at ‘the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the varlous' g
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Eplscopal services are held at the Chapel
on the thlrd Thursday of every month

Jewish servmes are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. '

'MORNING

There was a roaring in the wind all nlght

But now the sun is rising calm and brlght

The birds are singing in the distant woods;

Over his own sweet voice the Stock- dove
broods;

The Jay makes answer as the Magple chatterS‘

And all the air is filled with pleasant noise of
waters. ; :

All things that love the sun are out of doors;

The sky rejoices in the morning’s birth;

The grass is bright with rain drops —on the
moors .

The hare is running races in her mirth;

And with her feet she from the plashy earth

Raises a mist; that, glittering in the sun,

Runs with her all the way, Wherever he
“doth run. — Wordsworth.

BRAZIL'S GREAT FUTURE

It is generally known that Argentina is the
great meat-exporting country. of - South
America: and that some of the European
countries (notably Great Britair), bave been -
dependmg largely on this source of supply.
according . to- the bulletin
of .the Pan-American Union, Brazil is clso
developing its cattle industry, and numerous
packing houses have been established within
the past few years. To show the growth of
the 1ndu%try, it is stated that while in 195
Brazil exported Somethlng over 8500 tons of
beef, valued at about $1,500,000, during the
first six months of 1916 its meat exports
amounted to over 12,300 tons, valued at $2,495 -
000, and a conservative estimate places the
total exports for this year at from 40,000 to
50,0600 tons, worth from $8, 000,000 to- $10,000, -
000. It is'also estimated that the valye of
Brazil’s hide exports for 1916 will reach $20, -
000,000, As an exporting country in the
lines of cattle products; Brazil is therefcre
second only:.‘to Argentina, notwiths Stending
the fact that the industry is but in its infan-
cy in the country What a country that will

‘be for the young man seeking a future.

An aim in hfe is the only fortune worth -
the. finding, and it is not to found in foreign
lands, but in the heart itself.

- —Robert Lowis Stevenson.
