---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_059.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

FAR FROM THE MADDENING CROWD RULES FOR SUCCESS

Judge Elbert H. Gary, chairman of the
As}(a ?qle-, newspaper writers see so much board of directors of the United States Steel
of _t};e ?s‘ll‘i_'adowy side of life that they frequent- Corporation, in the American Magazine lays
ly become more or less pessimistic and cynic- down eight rules to guide young men who de-
al, and it is a most refreshing relief to find sire to make a success of their lives. These
among them some who still have the faculty are the rules: '
to search out something more elevating than  He should be honest, truthful, sincere and
the sordid doings of the every-day world with serious. :
all its errors and omissions. * It is a pleasure © He should believe in and preach and prac-
to note that there is a writer in the Patterson tise the Golden Rule. P
Call who can ‘‘walk with the beautiful and He should be strong and healthy, physic-
with the grand’’ and see the delights of child- ally and morally. :
ish games and play, and tbis is what he  His habits and mode of living should be
Say8: i 2 temperate and clean and his companions se-
‘“Ever take notice how the little people lected with regard to their character and
take advantage of every opportunity to have reputation. ' ]
fun? How they work .and struggle to make  He should possess good natural ability and
the old sled slide down a worn-cut bit of a determination constantly to improve his
snow; how they toil ceaselessly in the busi- mind and memory.
ness in playing; how they take chances in  He should possess a good education, includ-
catching on to the back of a wagon, in order ing particularly the fundamentals, such as
to have a moment’s pleasure? Well, they are mathematics, grammar, spelling,  writing,
the real sensible people of the world—these geography and history; and also a technical
littl"e':follis.» 6 it education concerning the lines he purposes to
“They do'not giveup. Whipped from be- follow.
hind one wagon, they wait patiently for an-  He should be studious and thoughtful, keep-
other. . The sled refusing to glide this time, ing his mind upon a subject until it is mas-
~ then try it over and over again. Driven from tered. -
onej_fgird, ‘they go to another, to return to  He should ‘be conscientious, modest but
the first one at the earliest opportunity. courageous, energetic, persistent, even-tem-
“Palk about the ant being the emblem of pered, economical, faithful and loyal to his.
industry—we’ll put the young folks against friends and the interests he represents.
all the a%i.ft}:siofft?e earth. The persistency. of THE STING OF THE HONEY-BEE
youthi should be inspiration enough to keep: SRR UL
the earth revolving for a million years, and In proportion to its size, the sting of the
all of us happy for the rest of our lives. "honey-bee is probably the most effective -in-

““And- the weather! What do the little peo- fernal machine in existence.,

ple care about the weather? They use it as The stinging apparatus issmaller than that
they find it, and do not complain. They make of 2 rattlesnzke, yet a single sting has been
the most-of it, regardless to its inclemency. known to kill a man. When we realize that
They are not turned from their course by a it is almost invisible and consider what it-can

leor : e do we can not fail to be astounded. It seems
the very quintessence of devilishness. -

The honey-bee’s sting is complicated—so
complicated that many words and much ink
have been used in discussing its construction

~and use. :

It is generally conceded that the sting con-
sists of a shaft of three parts, the principal

B : : one being a sheath within which move

Anecient Rome is said to have consumed no two barbed lancets.  Like the barbs of
less than 340,000,000 gallons of water a day, a dshhyok,  tas laazets are ot easily
and one of the most noticeable features of extracted from the flesh into which they have
the modern town is the prodigal efferves- peendriven. The sheath and the lancets com-
cence of its water, gushing from fcuntainsof bined form a hollow tube through which the

_every conceivable size and design. The Trevi poison flows from the the poison sac.

is the most magnificer.t in the city, its wa-  The hairy, soft projections, evidently very
ters (called Aqua Virginie, virgin water, be- sensitive, inform the bee when she is in con-
cause of its purity) the finest. The old Ro- tact with a stingable object.
man -baths ~:requifed a lot of water. Theiv SIIC(mURE
splendid Thermae, built by the degenerate
Emperor Caracalla, had accommodations for _
-1,6001bathers. Besides the baths proper, the your work so well that you are always ahead
establishment included withinits area of about of the demands of your position. Our em-

puddle of water nor driven to despajr becaus
the sun refuses to shine for them. :

“Itis‘unfortunate for all* of us that we
allow the enthusiasm of youth to die within
RIS G

“'HOW THE ANCIENTS BATHED

a quarter of a mile square a gymnasium, ployers do not decide whether we shall stay

athletic field, library and even a race track. where we are or go up; we decide that mat-

Its ruins. tower. abové_'the plain teday like ter curselves.
some mountain blasted by natures .. chosen for us; we choose them ourselves.

The only road -to. advancement is to do

Success or failure are not

THE HELPING FINGER

The car was not crowded, but the tired lit-
tle woman, who had scrambled on at a busy
corner, found difficulty enough in finding
room for both herself and the unwieldy pa-
per parcel she carried, as more active passen-
gers took possession of the empty seats. As
she finally wedged herself into a space
at the extreme edge, the string, none too se-
curely tied about the parcel, slipped off, and
for the next few minutes the stiff fingers
were busy trying to retie the knot that
seemed so unwilling to stay in place.

Just as the string had slipped out of the
trembling hands for the third time, a firm,
neatly gloved tinger was placed on the center
of the refractory knot, and in amoment it was
securely tied, and a bright-faced young girl
nodded cheerfully in acknowledgment of the
words of thanks, as the owner of the parcel
hurriedly left the car to transfer to another
line.

“Membear of sore ‘Helping Hand Society,’ '
I see,”’ remarked an acquaintance as the car
slowed up at the nextblock and the girl made
ready to step off. i '

‘‘No, only a ‘Helping Finger Society,” with
a membership of one,’” the girl laughed back
as the car moved on. ‘‘Some cases don’t
require the whole hand.”” :

Thare isonly one qualification for member-
ship in this society—wide-open eyes that see
where little helps are needed:’ Sometimes
you m iy iook straight at the need of helping
without seeing it, because you see something
else you’d rather do. Butto be a Helping
Fingerer, 'you must see, then act. That
means that by and by you will grow into a
helpér of big things—a Helping Hander.

DEATH OF A PEARL

Pearls are almost the only precicus gems
which are subject to decay, and this happens
very rarely. When disease attacks & jearl
it turns color:'and atter a time crumbles
away.” The most valuahle pearl ever known -
is supposed to have become diseased. 1t be-
longed to a Russian millionare who kept it
carefully locked in a casket and refused to -
show it to even his most intimate friends.
One day some jewel experts prevailcd upon
him to let them see the most precicts gem.
When he opened the casket he was diimayed
to find that the pearl had been attacked by
disease and was already changing color. Scon
afterward a heap of white powder wes all
that remained of the jewel. ;

THESE COUNT

Not what we have, but what we use;
Not what we see, but what we choose—
These are the things that mar or bless
The sum cf human happiness.
The things nearby, not things afar;
Not what we seem, but what we are—
These are the things that make or break,
That give ‘the heart its joy or ache.
Not as we take, but as we give;
Not as we pray, but as we live—
These are the things that make for peace,
Both now and after Time shall cease.

= — Clarence Urmy.
