---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_060.jpg
---
e

THE UMPIRE

ﬁ

(Continued from page 1.)

Those Wonderful Glasses of Mine.”’

The march at the finish, when the colors of
the uniforms blended in a mass of color, and
wound and unwound themselves, was grand,
and as the curtain came down the applause
was thunderous.

““Curly’s Jazz Band’’ rendered an overture
and amazed the audience by their music.

Part Second opened with a sketch entitled
‘““Memphis Mose,’’ in which ‘‘Nut’’ Brooks,
Jim Johnson, Sam Molister, James Williams,
and J. Christian took part, while Abe Boots
impersonated ‘‘Big-Foot Sue,’”” a Red Cross

nurse.
To say that this was funny little expresses

it. It was real funny, and the manner in
which it was acted added to its amusement.
It was roundly applauded.

During the next intermission ‘‘Andy’’
(B 7621) with B 6252, pianist, rendered a
march ‘‘Spirit of McKentyville.’” This march
was composed by B 7621, who, it was an-
nounced, had copyrighted and had printed
fifty thousand copies. It is deserving of suc-
cess, and no doubt it will become popular
during these times, whenevery one is march-
ing.

%p'ecial mention should be given the inter-
locutor, Mr. W. H. Barrows. The intelligent-
ly classical manner in which be carried off
his part called for mention from the audience

and visitors.
Part Third, with the sketch, ‘“The Coming

Champeen,’’ a sketch in which Josh Stewart,
a waiter, and J. P. Morgan (not Pierpont) as
a fight promoter figured, was ‘‘a scream,’’
and from start to finish it was a hit, and both
actors did their parts in a manner that left
nothing to be desired. Yes, it was a good
performance, end ‘Curly’’ deserves credit
for taking the raw material and producing
suchk finished actors and acts. The costumes
and staging were extremely good and to come
from one man’s brain, in both its conception
and completion and final production is, to say
the least, wonderful.

Could the E. 8. P. Minstrels (‘‘Curly’s
Minstrels’’ is the name) be taken to the
Academy of Music it would play to a full
house.” The H. F. C. shakes hands with you,
‘“Curly’’; you’re all right.

Through courtesy to the Honorable James
A. Walker, Representative in the Legisla-
ture, Father of the One-Third Law, and
Honorary Member of the H. F. C., and that
the minds of every cne present chould be
free from any thought of the amusement to
come, and again that he could see just what
inmate talent we had, he spoke after the
performance. The words he uttered were
impressive and all who heard felt that the
man who addressed them stood for justice

and right.
Mr. Walker began his address by stating

the reason of his inability to be present Ito
review the parade. He had called on Dean
Lewis and succeeded in interesting that gen-
tleman in an amendment to the compensa-
tion law now in effeet, whereby a man who

works in prison shall receive the money he
earns at the time of his discharge, instead
of three months hence. After his visit of
last week our Warden, Mr.  Robert J. Me-
Kenty, had approached him with the propo-
sition in the interest of the men confined
both here and elsewhere throughout the
state, and made the fact so plain that he
(Mr. Walker) promised the Warden to inter-
est himself and propose the new law. More
good news, Mr. Walker said, was that the
one-third bill came before the judiciary com-
mittee of the Senate on Tuesday, April 3rd,
for their second reading and before the Sen-
ate for final passage on April 10th and he
would use his every influence and effort to
have it passed, and if so he felt sure that
‘‘the big hearted noble man, Gov. Martin G.
Brumbaugh, would sign the bill.”’

Mr. Walker spoke feelingly of Warden
McKenty, referring to him as a friend of
twenty years’ standing and remarking that
Warden McKenty had been to Harrisburg
many times during the present Legislature,
for the men in his charge. His remarks
were received with close attention, and he
took the occasion to remark that he enjoyed
the minstrel performance and had paid good
money many times to see a performance not
near so good as the E.S. P. (‘“‘Curly’s)
Minstrels. Should Mr. Walker read THE
UMPIRE he will know that every one who
heard him Saturday are sincere in their re-
gard for him and his words. He will also
know that in answer to his request of March
24th that the men of the E. S. P. prayed as
one at 9:30 P. M., March 29th, for hissuccess.

The visitors’ row was well filled, and all
were well pleased with the minsirels. .

Mrs. (Warden) McKenty gave her pres-
ence, as did Miss McKenty and Mrs. Lever-
ing. Mrs. R. C. McKenty, with Miss Elsie
and a young lady escorted by Mr. William
McKenty, were amused visitors.

Our friend Mr. Kraupa we noticed with
his smile of friendliness, and he appeared to
enjoy himself. Good luck, Friend.

Mr. Levering and his son were interested
spectators. '

An apology from our friend Miss Mae Rus-
sell was received by phone by the Warden,
and all were sorry at not seeing Miss Russell
in the audience. Where were Herbert Krau-
pa and Jimmy Mulligan?

Sam handlied the drum, and Charlie had to
look sidewise to see the show, but he got
there just the same.

It was noticed that although ‘‘Curly’’ is a
musical director and producer, he kept tight
hold of that thirty-dollar drum and silver-
handled sticks. It’s all right though. He
made good; vou have to hand it to him. Yea,
verily. -

Next week the 1st Section can have a
crack at it. No extra tickets last week, and
the same applies next Saturday, April Tth.
1st Seec. 3-7, 7 G-6-5 G-4-4 G.

—B 7542.

THE UMPIRE <“AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. Ak

FOR éALE— Clbthes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. **

TYPEWRITING done, at reasonable rates,
in English, French, Italian, and Spanish.
B 7499, 7Tth Gallery. (10)

MUSIC arfanged, transposed and copied by
B 8552, 4th Block. 11)

FOR SALE—Violin, in good condition and
nice tune. Will sell reasonable. B 8332,
4th Block. (11)

FOR SALE—Fine inlaid boxes and school
companions. Prices reasonable. Large stock
always on hand. B 6557, 7th Block. (12)

PORTRAITS in crayon, sepia, tinted crayon,
opal, ete.; 16x20 size for $1.50; hand strippled,
air brushed, and finished in every sense of
the word. No chance of artist losing like-

ness. Work guaranteed. No money in ad-
vance, and first-class in every respect. B
6339, 7th Gallery. - (12)

INLAID WORK made to order. Seroll work.
Names cut from white holly. I[nlaid boxes
and fancy work on hand. Inlaid wood at 5c. a
foot. B 7695, 7th Gallery. (12)

FOR SALE—One Easy Chair (folding) and
a Fancy Rug 60x30. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd
Gallery, 12th Block. 12)

FOR SALE—Fancy pincushions made to or-
der at reasonable prices. Strongly made,
and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (13)

FOR SALE —Sawyers banjo; 1l-inch head
18-inch draft, 18 brackets, case, instructor,
3 sets of strings; $5.00. B 6986, 1st Block.

LOST—Between Warden’s cffice ard 6th
Block, small furniture catalogue containing
memoranda of use to owner only. Please re-
turn and receive re vard. B 5735, 6th Block.

FOR SALE—Guitar, in good condition, with
bag. Will sell at low price. B 5310, 7th
Gallery. :

FOR SALE — Handsome English mission
clocks; guaranteed movement, cathedral
gong strikes every half hour. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Price, $12.00. B 6316,
7th Block.

SUITCASES made to order. Several styleé
and colors to select from. $3.00 up. B 8231,
5th Block.

FOR SALE-—Guitar; excellent . tone; w1€h
Howard Instructor and Guckert’s . Cheérd

Book. Not new, but a bargain at $1.50. B
8145, 12th Block.
PICTURES, etc., framed to order. Prices

reasonable. B 5023, 9th Block.

GET YOUR EASTER POSTAL CARDS.
Very artistic work by B 7047, 7th Block. :

FOR SALE—A concert guitar, in good con-
dition, for $3.00. B 6260, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Up-to-date hand-bags, price
$1.00 and up. They are of a fine style for
Easter. B 7767, 7th Block.

