---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_061.jpg
---
[E UMPI

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, April 11, 1917

NO. 15

CATHOLIC EASTER SERYV-
ICES AT THE E. S. P.

Easter morning was observed in a most
fitting manner at this institution with an
elaborate Catholic mass at the E. S. P. chap-
el, in which a beautifully decorated altar,
banked with a profusion of flowers, and ap-
propriate music symbolized the glory of the
day.

A special musical program with orchestra
accompaniment, was provided by the mem-
bers of St. Rita’s and St. Edmund’s choirs
and inmates, under the skilful direction of
Professor Joseph Welsh. Lejeal’s Mass was
rendered with rare beauty of expression by
the choristers, the solo parts being especially
noticeable for the unusual tonal quality of
~ the singers.

The mass was sung by the Rev. J. I. Scan-
lon, S. J., assisted by the Rev. Michael A.
O’Kane, S. J., and acolytes. At the conclu-
sion of the services Father O’Kane made a
brief address to the visitors and inmates;
thanking those who assisted in perfecting
the excellence of the service, for their hearty
co-operation. * In point of numbers the at-
tendance exceeded that of any previous oc-
casion, it being estimated at over nine hun-
dred. A continuous flow of praise was to be
heard from those who attended the service,
for the excellent rendition of the music and
the splendid floral array at the altar. Surely
' an occasion long to be remembered.

E. S. P. CHOIR AND ORCHES-
TRA GIVE SONG SERVICE

The following well selected program of

sacred music was given by the E. S. P..

choir and orchestra at this institution on
Sunday last, under the direction of Prof. A.
F. Wiegandt.

e Gt O

PROGRAM

1. Festival March Batemann

2. An Easter Flower Worrell

8 Hymn No. 227 (R. B.) Oliver Holden
(a)—All Hail the Power of Jesus’ Name
(p)  The Fight is On, (R. B.) 338

4. Hymxna No. 88 (R. B.) E. Perronet
(a) —All Hail the Power of Jesus’ Name
(b)—God Be with You, (R. B. 253)

5. Meditation , Morrison

6. Hymn No. 177 (B. 8.) Chas. H. Gabriel

- (a) —Awakening Chorus
(b)—Jesus Lives, (B. S. 97)

7. Hymn No. 273 (B. S.) P. P. Bliss
(a)—Hallelujah! What a Saviour!
(b)—Christ Arose, (B. S. 272)

8. Traumerei Schumann

A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor.

MURRELL DOBBINS

Murrell Dobbins, President of the KEastern
State Penitentiary Board of Inspectors, died
at his home on Arch street, this cily, on
Friday morning last. His death is attributed
to an attack of nervous prostration which
occurred while treasurer of the city.

Mr. Dobbins, at the time of his death, was
president of the Camden Pottery Company,
and at a previous time had been president of
the Third National Bank of Philadelphia. He
served on the City Board of Public Educa-
tion, had aided in the establishment of the
Philadelphia Trades School, and had been
identified with other city institutions.

Mr. Dobbins was an active member of the
Manufacturers’ Club, the Union League and
was a well-known member of the Masonic
fraternity. Among other organizations to
which he belonged may be mentioned the
Sons of the Revolution, the Society of Colo-
nial Wars, the Historical Society of Pennsyl-
vania, and the Horiculture Society.

At the time of his death.Mr. Dobbins was
seventy-three years old, and he is survived
by his widow, a son and daughter. The fu-
neral took place on Monday last at his late
residence, from where the body was removed
to the family burial plot at Mount Holly,
N. J., for interment.

WHEREAS:

In the wisdom of the Almighty, He has
deemed it fitting to take one of our Honorary
members, the Hcenorable Murrell Dobbins,
Inspector in this, The Eastern State Peniten-
tiary, from this earth.

We, the Officers and Delegates of the
Honor and Friendship Club, in fitting spirit,
do give expression to our appreciation of the
kindly interest always given both the Club
and members by Mr. Dobbins.

Be it Resolved therefore: that commemo-
rating the goodly interest of the late Inspect-
or, Murrell Dobbins, the Honor and Friend-
ship Club shall purchase a suitable floral
emblem, and present the same to the family
of the deceased, with the condolence of the
Officers and members, and a copy of these
resolutions be sent to the family of the de-
ceased.

. And further be it ordered, that a copy of
these resolutions be printed in THE UMPIRE.

Board of Delegates meeting, April 6, 1917.

; B 7542, Secretary.
By Order of Chairman, A 8432.

Owing to the funeral of Mr. Murrell Dob-
bins the Band Concert for Easter Monday
was omitted.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

For several reasons there was appreciation .
among the members of the 1st Section on
Saturday as to whether they would enjoy
their half holiday. First of these was owing
to the death of one of our honorary members,
Hon. Murrell Dobbins, Inspector of the E. S.

‘P. The question arose whether it would be
showing proper respect to the memory of the
deceased honorary member. Upon Warden
McKenty assuring the officers that he believ-
ed it would be the wish of Inspector Dobbins,
were he alive, that the holiday should pro-
ceed, the orders were issued. The weather
then appeared cold and threatening, but
“0Old Sol’” was good and the afternoon was
made to order. Marshalled by Vice-President,
A 8432, the parade formed at 12:30 P.M., and
with the brass band of 64 pieces, led by Prof.
A. F. Wiegandt, playing martial music and
the clear notes of the bugle corps sounding in
the intervals, the 1st Section fell into the
musice, and with a true military swing at the
command, ‘‘Fours Right, March,’’ they were
off arcuni the vard, giving salute, as the
reviewing-stand at the entrance was passed,
to be returned by Warden McKenty, Inspec-
tors Carver and Dr. Hart, who, with Mr.
Kratz, Chief of Clerks of the Institution,
felt a satisfaction at the showing made by
the members on parade. Twice around the
yard marched the men, each block led by the
standard bearer of the block, the charter
meémbers directly following the band, their
particular banner of white and gold the
Club’s colors, with the words ‘'Charter Mem-
bers Honor and Friendship Club,’”” as they
should be, leading the way. Warden
McKenty’s remark, ‘he could raise a regi-
ment of men who would follow him into bat.
tle and make a name for themselves,’”’ ap- .
peared to be well based, judging from the
appearance in line. The parade broke at the
amusement hall, defiled in twos, and with
quiet, orderly precision, entered the hall and
were quickly seatea.

Professor Wiegandt gave a musicel treat
in an overture, ‘‘The Panama Pacific March.”’
It was well rendered and appreciated. The
visitors having entered (and there was a
goodly number), the curtain raised ‘and the
1st Section, in accordance with Vice-President
A 8432’s remark, were looking at something
they never saw before in their lives.

The minstrels (‘‘Curly’s’”’ Minstrels) were,
if anything, better this week than last.
«¢Jud’’ Johnson and Josh Sterling divided
honors as to who was the best and most
amusing. '

Charles Winston brought dowr. the house

(Continued on page }.)
