---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_062.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

e e e e
e e N e T = e e e e e ————————————————————————— =

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. .

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, April 11, 1917

“What is the use of health, or of life,
not to do some noble work?’’

FORGETTING THE PAST

To many who are trying to lead a better
life and to profit by past mistakes, the most
troublesome thing to overcome is to forget
the unpleasant things of the past. The mind
is allowed to brood over events that should
be put aside for all time. To do so, some
will say, is no easy matter, but it all depends
on our determination, our power of will to
overcome.

There are two classes of people in this
mundane whirl; one class that is always liv-
ing in the past, recalling experiences of sor-
rows and troubles, and thinking them over
again, and another class that is always living
in the future, constantly anticipating things
to come to pass. Now a normal mind usually
dwells in the present, and, as Emerson says,
““I am an endless experimenter, with no past
at my back.”” If we could learn to follow
out that precept, how much happier most of
us would be, taking in all the new thoughts
of any value, and accepting them with some
degree of spontaneity for the good they maydo.

True wisdom is spontaneous, and not delib-
erate. It is from the inituition of man, and
true intuition never fails. It knows at once,
just as we know good from evil. We do not
have to deliberate about it; we know at
once.

One thing is positive, and that is, we can
never progress while entertaining thoughts
of the past. We should not be afraid
to outgrow old thoughts and ways of living.
Let us take a new view of things and be
courageous, dare to think on new subjects,
and live in new ways that bid for harmony
and peace of mind.

The fault is largely with us if we fail to
make a new start. We are so accustomed to
see others who are existing as underlings,
that it seems rather the normal condition of
affairs. If some one rises a bit above the
average they are often considered visionary,
or a iittle peculiar, and sometimes their
friends look askance, rather in doubt as to
his mental equipoise. If he ventures to trust
the elevating power within, of which he may
become conscious, his intimates often become

of

doubtful, andadvise againstan over confidence

in things spiritual. Though they may have
thought them intelligent and reliable in other
matters, they nearly doubt his normality if
he asserts that happiness and health are to
a considerable degree helped by a right atti-
tude of mind. If he isfirm in his belief, and
departs from the old fallacies of thought, it
will not be long before the doubters begin to
see for themselves and become willing to
fling the dead past behind and enter life anew.
Just so long as we remain tied to the past
we continue to be underlings. So let us take
on the new life, and be free.

TEN “REASONS”’

Editors of newspapers, and others, are be-
ing supplied by the Universal Military Train-
ing League with ‘‘Ten Reasons for Universal
Military Training’’ in the United States, says
a writer in The Telegraph. Reason number
one avers that the system would throw rich
and poor alike together in this same’ tent,
“:and eliminate caste and snobbery in Amer-
jca.”” For generations we have taught and
still teach in the public schools that there
are no castes in America. Is this a bit of
organized lying to children? We think not.
Nor do we think that equality, fraternity and
liberty have been notably promoted in the
strongholds of military conscription.

Reason number two points out that lads of
nineteen would be taught respect for the
flag, the inference being that lads of nine-
teen are at present weak in this regard. Re-
cords show, we believe, that every call for
volunteers is answered chiefly by lads be-
tween the ages of 18 and 22. The third claim
is that compulsory service would broaden a
boy’s character, while the fourth is that it
would make unattached youths the protectors
of the nation, ‘‘relieving husbands and fa-
thers of military service.”” Europe’s hus-
bands and fathers will be surprised to hear
of this.

The fifth claim is that weak lads would be
made ‘‘virile’” and strong lads, ‘‘sympathetic
and respectful,”’ while the sixth claim merely
repeats half of the first. Claim number seven
refers to a new ‘‘national morale’” and
‘“‘healthy men and women in the centuries to
come.’’ Number eight deserves attention.
It says universal service would be ‘‘the an-
tithesis of militarism’’ because it ‘‘would
render a large standing army unnecessary.’’
This claim is respectfully referred to the
Army General Staff and its civilian echoes,
who couple with universal service a demand
that the Regular Army be increased forth-
with to at least 500,000 men.

Number ten is a legless platitude, but ninth
on the list of arguments is one that universal
service ‘‘would revive patriotism in Amer-
ica.”” Here is an inference that Americans
do not love their country as much as their
ancestors did. If that much be granted,
only for the sake of argument, the reply
must be that the higher patriotism of our an-
cestors was emphatically not stimulated by

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

universal compulsory military training, and
that the present-day revivalists will scarcely
succeed in making us more like our forefa-
thers by foisting upon the Republic a system
which our forefathers bitterly detested.

THE BOY THAT WAS

When the hair about the temples starts to
show the signs of gray,

And a fellow realizes that he’s wandering far
away

From the pleasures of his boyhood and his
youth ‘and never more

Will know the joy of laughter as he did in

days of yore, J

Oh, it’s then he startsto thinking of a stubby
little lad

With a face as brown as berries and a soul
supremely glad.

When a gray-haired dreamer wanders down
the lanes of memory

And forgets the living present for the time
of ‘‘used to be,’’

He takes off his shoes and stockings, and he
throws his coat away,

And he’s free from all restrictions, save the
rules of manly play.
He may be in tattered garments, but bare-

headed in the sun
He forgets his proud successes and the riches
he has won.

Oh, there’s not a man that liveth but would
give his all to be

The stubby little fellow that in dreamland he
can see,

And the splendors that surround him and the
joys about him spread

Only seem to rise to taunt him with the boy-
hood that has fled.

When the hair about the temples starts to
show time’s silver stain,

Then the richest man that’s living yearns to
be a boy again.

— Detroit Free Press.

There is a sort of a wrong blend of which a
man can bear the punishment alone; you can’t
isolate yourself and say that the evil that is
in you shall not spread. Men’s lives are as
thoroughly blended with each other as the air
they breathe; evil spreads as necessarily as
disease.
