---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_063.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

EXPERIENCE

Experience, with good old-fashioned com-
mon-sense to ‘‘back it up,’’ is one of the
most kindly arrangements of Providence.
It instructs the ignorant and makes the weak
man strong. The child learns by experience
not to play with fire. The inventor learns
by experience to make use of his past er-
rors. The reader learns by experience the
books that are edifying, and those that are
not. The merchant learns by experience
what transactions are conducive to profit and
what are not. The prodigal learns by expe-
rience that the primrose path leads only to
suffering and misery.

The trouble is, most of us do not allow
Experience to teach us. We are continually
getting bruised and beaten through the doing
of certain acts and then go straightway and
repeat them. We are willing to recognize
Law as operating in the past but refuse to
consider it as an equally powerful factor of
the present. As Coleridge said:—“To most
men experience is like the stern-lights of a
ship which illumine only the track it has
passed.”” Mother Nature does not arbitra-
rily compel obedience to her ccmmands: She
simply says:— ¢‘If you do so and so, sooner
or later you must pay.”” And the common
experience of mankind is, that when you do
these things, sooner or later you do pay.
Th> thing to do is to profit by experience.
This is where common-sense comes in. Have

it?
ERAE —Ohio Penitentiary News.
HAS BEEN UNDER SIX FLAGS

Comparatively few people are aware that
six flags have flown over Texas, including
the banners of three foreign powers —
France, Spain and Mexico. First came the
French flag, which was carried down the
Mississippi River to the Gulf of Mexico by
the intrepid La Salle. Following this was
the Spanish emblem, first flown to the breeze
under the direction of the Franciscan priests.
Then came in succession the Mexican flag
and the Lone Star emblem of the republic of
Texas.

The Stars and Stripes followed the Lone
Star, but was supplanted for a time by the
stars and bars of the Confederacy.

In the struggle for ascendancy among
these various groups it is needless tosay that
much blood has been spilled and countless
tragedies have taken their places on the
pages of history.

The history of the republic of Texas is
one of the most unique examples of national
sovereignty that the world has ever seen.

A province of 30,000 people won independ-
ence from a nation of several millions.. But
these 30,000 were generally men of sturdy
" Anglo-American stock. ‘

A few years later these same fearless and
independent Texans voluntarily gave up their
sovereignty to become one of the galaxy of
stars under the banner of the United States.

ART TEMPLES OF JAPAN

Splendid examples of the marvelous art
crafts-of Japan are to be seen inthe temples
founded by the shoguns of old Japan. An
American traveler, visiting the sanctuaries of
Shimba, remarks, ‘‘One is overwhelmed at
each step by the richness of the materials,
the prodigality of the decoration, the fine-
ness of details and the solemn magnificence
of the entire spectacle.’”’ 1Idols, or sacred
images, as they are sometimes called, are
much in evidence. Millions of sculptured
Buddhas of all sizes, both wood and stone,
embellish the buildings and the temple gar-
dens. '

There are today more than 200,000 sanctua-
ries, both Shinto and Buddhist, scattered up
and down the island empire. There are 10,-
000 in and about Kyoto, once the sacred capi-
tal of Nippon. For thousandsof years it has
been a Japanese custom to build a shrine by
the roadside where the wayfarer may enter
and refresh the soul. Here the rank and file
go to pray and woo the favor of the gods. A
priest dressed in a long robe of red silk con-
ducts the service, preaching two short ser-
mons for the edification of a handful of wo-
men, girls and old men.

In the large temples of the cities a com-
pany of priests in white, yellow and brown
robes takes part in the services, regularly
held on the 1st and 15th of the month, usually
in the afternoon or evening. The opening
hymns are sung, accompanied by flutes and
other instruments. Of late years some of
the Buddhist leaders have introduced the or-
gan to aid them in making the temple music
more pleasing and inspiring.

HER BOY

When their only son was 25 years old he
went to work. His mother hated to see him
do it, but his heartless father said it was the
best thing for him to do. The boy started to
work one Monday morning and the poor
mother worried all day. The youngster only
weighed 200 pounds and she knew well enough
that he was too delicate for the task he was
expected to perform. She had a splendid
supper ready for him, and to insure that he
wouldn’t get cold during the night she
took a quilt from pa’s bed and put it on his.
Two hours after the son reached home, a lit-
tle man, weighing about 100 pounds, entered
the house. It was pa. Mother had just fixed
son in bed and wrapped a hot blanket about
his feet, and she carried pa’s overcoat in and
threw it across the foot of the boy’s bed.
Pa told her she had done right in getting son
to bed early and that she should get him out
early in the morning so he could reach his
work on time.

‘‘He is not going to work tomorrow,’’
said mother. ‘I phoned the man that he
could just get some one else to do his work.
I am not going to let him make a slave out
of my baby.”’

A BATHLESS AGE

A well-known writer says that when
Egypt, Greece and Rome were at the height
of their ancient power their citizens made
bathing a social function, a municipal duty,
and a religious observance. The publicbaths
of these nations were magnificent architect-
ually, and important as centers of hygienic and
municipal sentiment.

With the decadence of thesecountries the
world seems to have reverted to a period of
mental sloth and physical uncleanliness. As
an authority on the matter puts it:

‘““For 1000 years there was not a man or
woman in Europe that ever took a bath, if
the historian of these times, Michelet, is to
be believed. The ancient love of the bath
seemed to have disappeared from off the
land.

““There was no Greece or Rome to hold up
the ensign of cleanliness to the nations of
Europe. Small wonder that the people of the
continent became physical decadents, as in-
deed they were in spite of tradition to the
contrary.

It is not strange that there came the aw-
ful epidemics that cut off one-fourth of the
population of Europe—the spotted plague,
the black death, the sweating sickness and
the terrible mental epidemies that followed
in their train—the dancing mania, the mew-
ing mania, and the biting mania.

““The bath was banished and filth was al-
most deified. Indeed, it was thought that the
sanctification of the body was only accom-
plished when that body was indescribably
dirty.”’

THE WORLD SHORT ON RATIONS

As a result of the great war it is evident
that all the world will soon be on short ra-
tions, says a writer in the N: Y. Herald. ‘‘The
great populations of Germany and Austria
have long been in that condition, Englend is
adopting drastic measures to restrict the use
of foodstuffs, and if these prove insufficient
the president of the Board of Trade declares
it may be necessary to have recourse to food
tickets, as the enemy countries have done.
France, which already has taken vigorous
steps to prevent waste and regulate food sup-
plies, is increasing its restrictions and creat-
ing a national board of supervision, with
sweeping powers, to institute economies and
regulate the distribution of provisions. With
France and England the latest measures are
largely precautionary and designed to impress
the people with the necessity for thrift, while
Marshal von Hindenburg, in his appeal to
German farmers, frankly declares that it is
‘a question of life and death’ for Germany.”’

There is eloquence in the tongueless wind
and amelody in the flowing brook and the
rustling of the reeds beside them, which, by
their inconceivable relation to something
within the soul, awaken the spirits to a dance
of breathless rapture. — Shelby.
