---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_064.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 1.)

singing, ‘““Those Prison Blues’”’ (“‘Curly’s %
own song), a tumult of applause greetmg
singer and song.

“Memphis Mose’’ (Will Brooks) and Phil-
bert Mut (Johnson) were just as funny as
last week in ‘““Memphis Mose,”” war corre-
spondent.

In the “Coming Champeen,’’ J. P. (not
Pierpont) Morgan, having left the colony,
Will Brooks took the character of Doolittle
Black, and, with Josh Steward as Alec
White, the coming Champeen who have came,
did creditable work, and all who.  were there
voted the show good.

When it is understood that this minstrel
troupe was conceived by the mind of one man
(B 8361, ‘‘Curly’’ Carter) who asked the
Warden in a joking manner, ‘“What’s the
matter with me getting up a minstrel troupe?”’
Warden McKenty replying, ‘‘Go to it.”’
“‘Curly’”’ went from cell to cell until he found
twenty-five men who thought they could do
somathing. From this nucleus, by weeding
out and adding to, he completed the very
creditable whole presented on Saturday—a
good minstrel troupe qualified to leave the
home theater (but it wo’n’t) tonight and go
out and bring back the money (in more than
one way). At one time the costumes was a
poser, the Honor and Friendship Club came
to the fore, voted $50.00 from their treasury,
and gave President R. C. McKenty power to
go the limit. And maybe our President didn’t
hustle, first to buy the cloth, then to get the
tailor department to agree to work on it.
The costumes were in ‘‘Curly’s’’ head only,
therefore he must explain just what was to be
done and how to do it, wigs and whiskers,
stockings and shirt fronts. Well, he had the
tailors working all night. I[n the meantime
“Curly’”’ had bought and donated a new cur-
tain and set scene and made the stage over
to fit the new dressings.

Oh, you poor overworked producers outside,
who just have to give an order and have it
executed, where expense is not to be consid-
ered, come to ‘‘Curly’’ Carter and learn what
the real worries of a producer are when he is
given a pile of old cast-off yellow pine boards
that have been used to mix cement on and he
turns out 24 respectable minstrel seats, backs
on. When coverings entail an expense, he
is given a pot of yellow paint and with white
he makes each chair bear the Club’s emblem
and colors (yellow and gold). But we’d bet-
ter stop before he gets his head swelled. The
gallant members of his troupe, who assisted
and stood by him, must be given full credit
for all they did, and their success is well
earned. With the exception of a possible
rainy Saturday, this ends the shows for this
season.

Next Saturday baseball will be the diver-
sion, and we will then realize that another
summer has begun.

Warden R. C. McKenty, with Inspectors
Carver and Dr. Hart, were present and en-
joyed the performance.

The sweet, kindly faces of the ladies, who
did the Club the honor to give their pres-
ence, with their implied friendliness and in-
terest, leaves deep gratitude in the hearts of
all.

We noticed first of all Mrs. Warden Me-
Kenty, with Mrs. Gowen, a sister of Mrs.
McKenty; Mrs. R. C. McKenty, with Mrs.
C. Strecher; Dr. and Mrs. Mac Phillips, of
Philadelphia; and Mrs. Warren, of Millville,
N. J.; Honorary Member, Mrs. Busby, and
later our other honorary member and dearest
of dear friends (hats off), Miss Mae Russell,
made many eyes see clearer by the sight of
her in the audience.

Mr. R. C. McKenty, Jr., with the heir ap-
parent on his arm, and accompanied by his
wife, were a little late to see all of the per-
formance, but they were amused by what
they saw.

Mr. Martin J. Kane, of Philadelphia, and
Mr. Jacob R. Jordan, of Moose, Pa., were
highly entertained, as was our friend, Mr.
Frank Dipple.

The whole were kicking last week when it
was known that mention had been made last
week that Jimmy Mulligan and Herbert
Kraupa were not at the show. They were
here, of course they were, and they will
come again, we hope, and bring the father.

Next week 2nd Section—9-1-10-11-6-6-G 12-
12-1-12-2-8. —B 7542.

NoTICE. — With the opening of the outdoor

Saturday holiday, the Chairman calls atten-
tion to the following:

Members must fall in line promptly when
leaving their respective blocks and galleries
and be ready to mar(h when the signal is
given.

They must remain at all times Wlthln the
bounds of part allotted to the Club for base-
ball and concert.

The Delegates’ duty will be to preserve or-
der, and every member’s duty is to assist,
not oppose. Any discourtesy of a member
toward a Delegate will not be tolerated, and
any violation of the rules of the Club or in-
stitution will be punished by forfeiting all
privilezes for the season.

Cards will be hung on the wall designating
the stations of each block. The men will
fall in promptly, without disorder, at- the
sound of the bugle, and march back to their
cells and enter without confusion or disorder.

By order of

A 8432, Vice-President.

Notice is herewith given that the Board of
Governors has been reorganized. The fol-
lowing members have been appointed by
President R. C. McKenty.

B 7927, Chairman. A 8432, Vice-Pres.

B 7542, Secretary. B 6252, £361.

Some one has said that with Bender coach-
ing the pitching candiates at Penn, the Red
and Blue batteries will probably use the In-
dian sign.

THE UMPIRE «“AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, Tth Block. {2k

TYPEWRITING'done, at reasonable rates,
in English, French, Italian, and Spanish.
B 7499, 7th Gallery (10)

MUSIC arranged, transposed and copied by
(11)

B 8552 4th Block

FOR SALE Flne 1nla1d boxes and school
companions. Prices reasonable. Large stock
always on hand. B 6557, 7th Block. (12)

PORTRAITS in cray01) sepia, tinted crayon
opal, ete.; 16x20 size for $1.50; hand strippled,
air brushed, and finished in every sense of
the word. No chance of artist losing like-
ness. Work guaranteed. No money in ad-
vance, and first-class in every respect. B
6339, 7‘rh uallery (12)

INLAID WORK made to order. Secroll work.
Names cut from white holly. Inlaid boxes
and fancy work on hand. Inlaid wood at 5¢. a

foot. B 7695 7th Gallery (12)
FOR SALE-—One Easy Chair (folding) and
a Fancy Rug 60x30. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd
Gallery, 12th Block. (12)

FOR SALE—Fancy pincushions made to or-
der at reasonable prices. Strongly made, -
and work guararteec B 7898, 11th Block. (13)

FOR SALE Sawyers banJo 11-inch head
18-inch draft, 18 brackets, case, instructor,
3 sets of strmgs $5 00. B 6986 lst Block.

LOST Between Warden ch(e ard 6th
Block, small furniture catalogue containing
memoranda of use to owner only. Please re-

turn and receive reward. B 5735, 6th Block.

FOR SALE Guitar, in good condltlon with
bag. Will sell at Tow price. B 5310 Tth
(Rallery.

FOR SALE — Handsome English mission
clocks; guaranteed movement, cathedral
gong strikes every half hour. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Price, $12.00. B 6316,
7th Block.

SﬁITCAS_ES made to order Several s‘ry]es
and colors to select from. $3.00 up. B 8231,
5th Block.

PICI‘URES etc framed to order.
reasonable. B 5023 9th Block.

GET YOUR EASTER POSTAL CARDS
Very artistic work by B 7047, 7fh Block.

- Prices

FOR SALE— Avcloncert gultar in good con-
dition, for $3.00. B 6260, 1st Block.

FOR SALE— Up to-date hand- bags price
$1.00 and up. They are of a fine style for
Easter. B 7767, 7th Block. "

PICTURES FRAMED to order; guaranteed
satisfactory. Prices reasonable. B 3079,
1st Block.

FOR SALE- One “B1;r Ben’’ alarm clock;
price reasonable. B 5878, 7th Block.

