---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_065.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, April 18, 1917

EXPRESSION OF THANKS

The Hebrew inmates of this institution
desire to express their thanks to the Warden
and Moral Instructor, Rev. Joseph Welch,
for the consideration and privileges extended
to them in conducting their religious services
during the recent holidays. They also ex-
tend their thanks to Rabbi Kotkov and the
members of the B’nai B’rth Hebrew Prison
Aid Society for their earnest efforts in be-
half of the Hebrew prisoners of the E. S. P.

Oldest Ball-player Dead

It is announced by a local paper at Odgen,
Utah, that Edward (Eddie) Miller, one of
the oldest professicnal baseball players in
the United States, and the oldest dispatcher
in point of service of the entire Southern
Pacific Railroad system, died there recently.
Miller was a member of the Boston and
Brooklyn baseball teams before the National
League was organized. He was a teammate
of Sidney Farrar, of the old Hub City team.
He was born in Toronto, Canada, 67 yearsago.

HAZLETON ADOPTS FRESH AIR FOR :
“HOBOS” :

1t is reported that fresh air treatment for
weary wanderers who seek repose in the
comfort of Hazleton’s jail is apprecicted by
the guests of Burgess Davis. His rules that
windows shall be open has caused a dearth of
guests. Nor has Mayor Harvey had a chance
to put into effect his threat to have nomads
horsewhipped.

SHORT SKETCHES OF MACK’S FAVORITES

““Ping’’ Bodie, outfielder, married, lives in
San Francisco. Played with Chicago White
Sox and had a mania for driving balls hit by
Mack’s pitchers into the left-field bleachers.
He is known as the ‘‘fence buster.”’

Joe Bush, married, comes from Brainerd,
Minn., which was also the birthplace of
“Chief’”” Bander. Pitched a no-hit game
against Cleveland last year. He is an expert
trapshooter and can drive an automobile with
‘the daring of an Oldfield.

‘Wally Schang, catcher, married, has been

with the Athletics since spring of 1913. Born
in New York State, but now makes his home
in Philadelphia. Bats either left-handed or
right-handed.

Harry Seibold, a product of Philadelphia.
Started his league career as a shortstop.
Tried out as such by Athletics two years ago.
‘Seibold then took up pitching in earnest and
was a big factor in winning a minor league
pennant last year.

E. S. P. LEAGUE OPENS
BASEBALL SEASON

The E. S. P. League baseball season of
1917 opened at the Storehouse grounds on
Wednesday last in accordance with the plans
previously arranged by the President and of-
ficers of the league. '

Assembling at the designated rendezvous at
3 P. M., the ball players composing the sev-
eral clubs of the league were formed in line by
their managers for the opening parade. In
the meantime Prof. A. F. Wiegandt had as-
sembled the members of the E. S. P. band
at headquarters and played several patriotic
airs, so that when the signal to start was
given, the excitement of the baseball fans
had worked up to fever heat, and enthusiasm
ran high.

Headed by the band and officers of the
league, the line of march around the peni-
tentiary grounds was taken up by the parad-
ers amid the flare of trumpets andstrains of
martial music. After the indicated route had
been covered, the leaguers were counter-
marched for review by the Warden and offi-
cials, and after saluting the Stars and Stripes,
the clubs broke ranks, marching off to play
ball at the scheduled grounds: B 6936 featured
in the rear of the paraders, carrying a water
bucket, sponge and duster, fully prepared to
render succor to any one suffering from over
exertion or hot-air stroke. Thus the baseball
season at the E. S. P. opened, with each
team manager fully confident of carrying off
the honors at the end of the season.

OFFICIAL LIST OF E. S. P.
' PLAYERS, UMPIRES, ETC.

The following lists of identification num-
bers indicate the chosen players, scorekeep-
ers and umpires as designated in the official
list of the E. S. P. League:

CUBS
B 6453 Boyd, Mgr.

9TH BLOCK
B 6654 Charlie -

B 7471 Chick B 7512 Baker
B 7759 Lucky B 7387 Mack
B 7904 Sheehan B 7664 Fred
B 8375 Harry B 6507 Boston
B 7525 Williamsport B 8420 Frank
B 8175 Fats B 7830 Old Jim.
B 6103 Shick B 7025 Harry
B 7826 Banks B 8229 Pete
B 7503 Pidge B 7440 Kulp
B 8189 Tody B 8543 John
B 6586 Jack ‘B 7508 Elmer
B 7262 Sharty B 6330 Ike

B 8437 Slim . B 8374 Davis
B 6365 Joe B 8601 Aspell

NO. 16

ATHLETICS PRINTERS
B 8207 Mgr. B 7685 Hag, Mgr.
B 8251 Stonny B 8158 Spitz
B 8184 Fats B 5556 Stump
B 7593 Mickey B 8219 Baum
B 7598 Davey B 4998 Tony
B 8524 D. €. B 7733 Claud
B 6124 Josh B 8179 Mooney
B 8166 Bill B 7958 Evans
B 5832 Mose B 5923 Fogarty
B 8576 Abram B 7878 Silly
B 8328 Hogie B 8344 Snookey

B 8448 Shorty

B 8626 Nick
HONOR CLUB NOTES

With the opening of the H. F. C. field
sports on Saturday came the joy of being in
the open.

Even though surrounded by the big, high
40-foot wall, the sun shone just the same,
the sky was just as blue, and for the moment
every one was just as free as the ones who
consider themselves more fortunate from be-
ing in the great world cutside.

It is on these occasions when one must
doubt as to whether the condition of the
‘‘shut-in’’ is not in 2 measure superior to the
prison-free man, when the worries of - war,
high priced living,  and- general ' conditions
serve to keep people guessing as to the ways
and means of - an existence. -~ With these
thoughts in the minds of many it was natur-
ally a comparatively happy body of men that
assembled promptly at one o’cloeck on Satur-
day behind the big brass band of 64 pieccs,
with Professor Wiegandt leading and using
his staff in a trueleader-like manner, awaited
the announcement of Vice-President A 8432,
Grand Marshal of the H. F. C. forces, to
march. After everything was declared in
readiness, and preceded by the American
flag on the right and the Club standard on
the left, borne aloft by ‘‘Slim’’ and ‘‘Stackie’’
respectively, ‘‘Pete’” gave the order to march,
and the procession moved to a lively quickstep
march. - The step was taken up, past the
exit, where President R. C. McKenty with
the invited guests doffed their hats to “Old
Glory,’” and were in turn saluted by the of-
ficers and men in passing. '

The Vice-President first, with the officers
and Board of Governors, the band next, fol-
lowed immediately by the charter members,
then the blocks and galleries in their respec-
tive order, the white caps of the delegates
beside their divisions, with the banner of
each block held high, and looked up too.
There is a prize offered for the block doing
the best marching and Saturday’s laurels go

(Continued on page 4.)
