---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_066.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

——__—_ﬁ

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, April 1841917

W
“Jt jen't where a man starts but what a
man starts that gives him status.’’

-
IN LOVING MEMORY

A reporter of a Chicago paper happened to
be in the office of the Board of Charities in
that city, when a little old man came into the
office and laid down one hundred and fifty
dollars, ‘‘to help out some needy families,”’
as he expressed it. Then he told them this
story:

“‘Years ago, when all of my folks were
living, I couldn’t afford to give presents.
Things are different now, but most of my
folks have gone. I went shopping just as if
my folks were alive. I picked out a shawl
for an aunt of mine. She’s dead, and so I
didn’t buy it, but I put down the amount of
money I would have spent. Then I went and
got some things for my dead brother.and for
my father and mother, and for a few old
friends of mine. I didn’t reaily get them,
you know, but I priced the things I thought
they would like. When I added up all the
money I would have spent, it came to almost
$150, so I added a little to it, and here is is.”’

‘‘Has any one heard of a finer, more beau-
tiful way of showing a man’s love for his
dead? The things he had wanted to do, it
was too late to do now. He might, it is true,
have spent money on stone to make more
artificial and melancholy the quiet hillside
where ‘his folks’ rest. He found a better
way to spend his affection, to remember in
fancy those he could no longer reach and
then to see that his loving memory of them
went to make others happier. He made his
love for his dead a power to gladden the liv-
ing. He laid tribute on grief and made it a
blessing. It is not a sad story; we need not
pity him. But we can not help loving him.”’

THE INDETERMINATE SENTENCE

The following article on indeterminate sen-
tence was recently received by the editor,
from Mr. Albert H. Votaw, Secretary of The
Pennsylvania Prison Reform Society, for
publication in THE UMPIRE: ‘

We are pleased to note that a copy of
Judge Foster’s commentary has been for-
warded to each of the state senators by the
prison society, who have been active in urg.

THE UMPIRE

ing the passage of the so called one-third
time bill, now before the Senate for consid-
eration.

It is to be hoped that the opinion of a
judge, ranking as one of theablest and long-
est in active service in the criminal courts of
America, will have considerable weight in
enabling our legislators to form a favorable
opinion for the passage of the pending
measure.

In the State of New York, the law provid-
ing for the Indeterminate Sentence has been
in effect for a number of years. It was view-
ed at first with some aversion by the Judges.
When such a law was passed in Pennsylvania
in 1909, the new departure was not regarded
with favor by many of our Judges. We are
inclined to the opinion that if they had given
the law of 1909 a fair trial, they would not
have been so hasty in urging and securing the
passage of an amendment in 1911 which vir-
tually destroyed the main purpose of the
law.

On this subject we are glad to present the
views of Judge Warren W. Foster, ‘‘the
oldest Judge of the oldest Criminal Court in
America.”” In view of his legal acquire-
ments and long experience, his views are
worthy of the attention of Judges every-
where:

““The average Judge, I think, felt toward
this new law at first somewhat of resent-
ment. It curtailed his power of fixing the
sentence; it intimated that his sentences in
the past had not been satisfactory. The law
prescribes that the minimum of this inde-
terminate shall not be less than the mini-
mum prescribed for the offense nor more
than one-third the maximum, this latter
provision of the maximum having been made
a law in 1909, when it had been learned that
some Judges were fixing the minimum so
near the maximum that the prisoner really
had to stay in prison longer than he would
had he been given the maximum sentence
under the old law and allowed commutation
for good conduct.

‘It appeared, 1 think, to the average
Judge that this new law would place in the
hands of prison guards a power which could
not be safely intrusted to them. The one ax-
iom upon which all penologists seem to agree
is that the object of the criminal law is to
protect society from crime; having the pris-
oner under guard, they try to effect a cure
of the c¢riminal Limself by showing him the
error of his ways and assisting him upon his
release from prison to lead an honest life.

“‘Studying the law and conferring with the
prison associations, and finding but little to
aid me, I nevertheless came to see, .as
through a glass darkly, the raison d’etre of
the law that is, to make the sentence impos-
ed as indeterminate as possible, to the end
that, when the door of the prison closed be-
hind the prisoner, the door of hope might at
the same time open before him.

““When I impose a sentence, as I have
done, of ‘ not less than one year nor more

RELIGIOUS SERVICES '

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

than nineteen years,’ I realize that the man
may be released at the end of a year; but it
all depends upon himself, not necessarily on
his good conduct only while serving his year,
but upon his showing the Board of Parole that
he is reformed as to make him again a good
member of society.

““The Board of Parole is believed to be well
equipped to know the mental attitude of the
prisoners who come before them as nearly as
human minds can know of other human minds,
and a prisoner who shows himself recalei-
trant has but little hope of release at the
conclusion of the minimum sentence.

“‘Mere imprisonment does not serve to fit
the convict for freedom; on the contrary, the
old retributive system, aiming at punishment
only, had the opposite effect. The criminal,
subjected to a rigid regime, without any up-
lifting influence, sank to lower depths by
natural gravitation of crime; losing hope, a
continued life of crime seemed to him his
only possible future. The stimulus of the
Indeterminate Sentence supplies the double
effect of giving the convict hope of rehabili-
tation for himself in striving for which he
develops the power of self-restraint and
strength of will. It establishes character by
creating worthy ideals and motives; it gives
the convict capacity of self-support, for it
teaches him a trade and equips him with the
habit of industry.

I wish the public might more generally
understand the Inderterminate Sentence law;
might realize that-the Judge, in passing sen-
tence, is doing all in his power to effect the
reform of the criminal; is doing all in his
power, according to the mest advanced prin-
ciples of penology, not to be cruel to an indi-
vidual; not to show him any special favors,
but to give him a chance to again make him-
self a respectable member of society.”’

The following Judges of Pennsylvania have
concurred in the opinion of Judge Foster:

Judge Bouton, Smethport; Judge Bregy,
Philadelphia; Judge Reed, Brookville; Judge
Staples, Stroudsburg; Judge Umbel, Union-
town; Judge Staake, Philadelphia.

Patience, perseverance and prayer will
overcome the greatest diff culties. Without
these you will scarcely succeed at anything
worthy the name.
