---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_067.jpg
---
-

THE UMPIRE

%)

Mé’

EVILS THAT BESET YOUNG MEN

The question was recently asked a promi-
nent educator of broad mind and long experi-
ence, ‘“What do you consider the greatest
evils among young men in the cities, and what
do you consider would be the best thing to be
done that is not being done now to make
more manly men of the youth of our cities?’’
After some thought, he answered, ‘Lack of
home training, failure to profitably employ
leisure hours, lack of definite aim in life, the
saloon, the dance hall, larceny, false ideas
obtained in the movies, unhappy homes and
lack of civic interest in the community.”’
Some of the remedies suggested were: ‘‘Arouse

interest in civic affairs; give the young men

a definite aim in life; supervise the dance
halls; make better and more cffective use of
our public schools for evening instruction;
more stringent laws against the receivers of
stolen goods; more places of proper enter-
tainment and recreation for young men, and
greater care in religious training in the home.”’
The one needed remedy suggested by the
greatest number was a detention home in the
country, where boys who had juststarted into
evil could be under homelike care and train-
ing and their life changed at this formative
period.

e e

DISTANCE LENDS ENCHANTMENT

It has often been said that nearly every
fellow lives in hope that some day he will be
able to quit the kind of work he is doing.
If it is hard work, he wants to do something
easy, and if it is easy he wants a position
that isn’t so confining. If he has a job where
he works in an office part of the time and on
the street part of the time he wants to get
into something where he wo'n’t always have
to be running in and out. :

Thereis the clerk doing store work who thinks
he would like a place where he wouldn’t have
to work regular hours, and the man whose
time belongs to himself thinks he would like
to be a clerk. ‘‘When you are through with
the day’s work,”” he says to the clerk,
“‘you’re through, but L have always got some-
thing to worry me.”’

Frequently a husband thinks that doing
housework and talking to the neighbor is a
snap, and wife feels that she would be per-
fectly happy if she could go out and work
like a man does.

Nearly every one is at times dissatisfied
with his or her job and is determined that his
son shall not do that kind of work. Even the
fellow who draws an enormous salary isn’t
contented—he feels he ought to be doing
something else.

]

ELEPHANT TRUMPETINGS

An elephant rushing upon an assailant
trumpets shrilly with fury. Fear is similarly
expressed in a shrill brassy sound or by a
roar from the lungs, pleasure by a continued
low squeaking through the trunk or an almost
inaudible purring sound from the throat.

\

SHE IS THE ONE

It’s the wife of the man behind the wall
That knows the weight of a fellow’s fall.
She is the one that can tell, pard,
Whether or not the game is hard;
Most of the prison term she bears,
All of the prison grief she shares,
Patiently suffering silently,
While her heart aches most violently.

Yet she smiles on writing days,
Bringing her husband hopeful rays,
Whispers to him sweet words of peace;
Yearns and pines for his release.
None more noble my mind recalls
Than the wife who sticks when the
husband falls.
So pal, if you have a wife that’s true
Don’t turn her down, whatever you do;
A good, true wife is hard to find;
One who’ll stick when your’re doing
time.
— Anon.

IT MATTERS MUCH

‘It matters little where I was born;

If my parents were rich or poor;
Whether they shrank at the cold world’s

scorn, A

Or walked in the pride of wealth secure.
But whether I live an honest man,

And hold my itegrity flrm in my clutch,
I tell you, my brother, plain as I am,

It matters much!

‘It matters little how long I stay

In a world of sorrow, sin, and care;
Whether in youth [ am called away,

Orlive till my bones and pate are bare.
But whether I do the best that I can

To soften the weight of adversity’s

touch

On the faded cheek of my fellow-man,

It matters much!”’

— From the Swedish.

A USEFUL STORM

According to a Washington correspondent,
Professor Cieveland Abbe, the American
meteorologist, was generally credited with
being the father of scientific weather fore-
casting. The possibility of predicting the
weather was first considered at an internation-
al conference at Brussels in 1853, but the
necessary impetus to the movement was giv-
en in 1854 during the Crimean war, by a vio-
lent storm in the Black Sea, which caused
havoc among the allied British and French
vessels. One French warship was wrecked,
and in consequence of this disaster the as-
tronomer LeVerrier (the co-discoverer of
Neptune, appropriately enough) was commis-
sioned by the French government to investi-
gate the meteorological conditions at the
time of the storms.

If a brother is in distress, give him your
hand and assistance. You never can tell
when your turn will arrive.

BEAUTIFUL YELLOWSTONE LAKE

Yellowstone Lake, with its irregular shore
line and many arms extending far into the
surrounding country, furnishes one of the
more peaceful views in America’s great won-
derland of waterfalls, geysers, and hots prings
__the Yeilowstone National Park. The lake
is about twenty miles long and eighteen miles
wide, and is one of the very few in the whole
world of so great an area situated at such a
height above the sea. Its altitude is seven
thousand seven hundred and forty-one feet.

Among the early exploring ventures into
the Yellowstone region was that of the Fol-
som-Cook party in 1869, and Explorer Folsom
of that expedition, set down the following
description of Yellowstone Lake as he saw it
half a century ago:

““As we were about departing on our home-
ward trip we ascended the summit of a neigh-
boring hill and took a final look at Yellowstone
Lake. Nestled among the forest-crowned:
hills which bounded our vision, lay this inland
sea, its crystal waves dancing and sparkling
in the sunlight as if laughing with joy for
their wild freedom. Itis a scene of trans-
cendent beauty, which has been viewed by
but few white men, and we felt glad to have
looked upon it before its primeval solitude
should be broken by the crowds of pleasure-
seekers which at no distant day will throng
its shores.”’

THE GYROSCOPE

The question was asked, ‘““What is a gyro-
scope?”” A gyroscope top, which most people
have seen, ‘‘is a round, flat piece of metal,
with a small rod up and down through the
center. This rod is pointed at each end and
fits into a metal framework. You wind a
string around the rod, hold the frame (which
does not spin), and pull the string hard. This
makes the round piece of metal spin so fast
that you can set the top anywhere and it will
stay upright. It will spin on the edge of a
glass, or it will spin its way down a fine slant-
ing wire without falling. You know the fast-
er a-top spins the straighter it stands up and
the more easily it balances itself. That is
pbecause, when a thing is moving very fast in
any direction it becomes very hard for any
other force to change thatdirection. Because
of this, the idea of the gyroscope is used in
making monorail cars—cars which have only
one rail for a track. For a long time this was-

thought impossible. You can seehow a fast-
moving car might perhaps balance itself on
one rail, like a rolling hoop or a fast-moving
bicycle, but when it went slow or stopped it
would tip over. However, it is possible to
balance cars on one rail by having a gyro-
scope inside of them. They put in the frame-
work of the car two huge gyroscope wheels,
weighing several tons each. These turn
around two or three thousand times a minute
__one turning in one direction, and the other
in the opposite direction. These wheels are
kept turning by electricity, and they keep the
car upright and well balanced, even though
there is only one rail for it to run on.”’
