---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_068.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

4
E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W.' L= Pct: W LR et
Printers 02 01 667 Ninth 01 01 500
Cubs 01 01 500 Athletics 0 02" 333
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
(Wit = Bet! Wi [=—Pct:
New York 03 00 1000 Chicago 03 03 500
Phillies 02:- 01" 1667 Pittsburg 02" 104 3833
St. Louis 04 02 667 | Boston 01 02 333
~ Cincinatti 0303 =5(0); ‘ Brooklyn 00 03 000
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wi I Peti| W-ESES S Pet:
Chicago 04 01 80 | NewYork 0L 02 333
Boston 03801 = 750 S TSl ouis 01 03 250
Cleveland 03 01 750 Athletics 01 03 250
Washingt’'n 02 01 667 _ Detroit 01 04 200

Wednesday S Games
Rl =
Cubss e i SRR ORS00S0 == 9 1
INRE e e 0000000000 S

Pitched for Cubs, B 7387. Struck out 13,

and passed 2.

Pitched for Ninth Block, B 6453. Struck
out 10, and passed 1.
Umpires—Norris and Cabb.
R Heuihs
Printers .. = 15350518 0SS 051 0-— =8 =05 ()
Athletics........ 21080R 05282508050 ==6"F )= ()
Pitched for Printers, B 7878. Struck out
7, and passed 2.
- Pitched for Athletics. B 8251. Struck out
3, and passed 5.
Umpires—Fred and Jimmie.
Friday’s Games
R. L E.
INIthe 00000201 0-3 3 0
CubS i 02100000 0—-3 3 0
Pitched for 9th, Fred. Struck out 11.

Pitched for Cubs, Harry. Struck our 10.

Umpire— Rabie.

R.
Rrinters: ... - 102001 2:00—6
Athleties........ ORISR (0=0E 08080 =28 =

Pitched for Printers, Hagy. Struck out 15,
and passed 2.

Pitched for A thletics, Stonny. Struck out
3.

Pitched for Athletics, D. C. Struck cut 0,
and passed 3.

Umpires—Barrington and Fred.

15 e B
bEEE0)
0
i

Monday’s Game

RS
NI GhEs re e GE1=2 08250 (1 05 (== 5 S EGag
Qs 100000000—-1 2 0
- Pitched for 9th, B 7387. Struck out 11,and
allowed 2 hits. ;
Pitched for Cubs, B 6453. Struck out 7,

passed 5, and 1 hit. -
Home runs, Jacoby, Spookie and B 8420.
Umpires—Fred and Happy.

(Continued from page 1.)

to the 1st Block, with the 4th a close second.
In fact it was only after a lengthy debate
‘that it was decided that, owing to the pre-
cision with which the 1st marched past the
visitors at the exit, on both times around,
that it was decided that the 1st Block ‘is the
banner block for marching on the 1st Field
Day, with the 4th second.

The march was continued twice around the
grounds and with the band playing, formed in
regimental front on the baseball ground,
saluted, and broke ranks, then breaking up
into-small groups stationed themselves around
the baseball diamond to watch the game of
ball that was to form the afternoon’s amuse-
ment.

The Honor Club has not exactly gotten an
organized team as yel and therefore today’s
game or games, for there were two, -was
more like a try-out than other, but from the
way the batteries worked and the battery of
the members of both the sides selected to
play, the clubs of the E. S. P. League will
have to go some on the coming Saturdays to
play in the same class with the H. F. C. The
best of order was maintained throughout the
afternoon, not one incident occurring to mar
enjoyment, and when the bugle sounded the
assemble at 3:45 the members fell in their
stations at the cards on the wall denoting the
blocks and to the quickening tune of the
drum and bugle corps marched by twos to
their blocks, each man entering his cell order-
ly and quiet, satistied with the enjoyment of
the day and satisfied with himself that he had
performed his duty to the Club and Warden.

It did not take long for the members to
‘“‘spot’” Mr. Kraupa, Jimmie Mulligan and
W. W. Astor. The members gave them a
rousing welcome and they appeared to enjoy
themselves hugely.

During the week the officers and delegates
tendered the services of the members of the
Club to the Government as soldiers for war,
and from the fine appearance of the men in
line, Mr. Astor remarked, ‘‘The soldiers I
saw last night had nothing on these boys.
Uncle Sam could go far and fare worse.’’2And
he could.

So here we go into the season of 1917, our
privileges are assured; let our appreciation
be shown by our.conduct.

The prize has not arrived and therefore the
1st Block can only receive honorable mention.
In the meantime the 4th will have a chance
to overcome the balance next week. But
what’s the matter with the other blocks and
galleries? Get busy when out atexercise;
practise keeping step, walking erect, breath-
ing deep and throwing the chest out, and the
thing will come easy on Saturday. Every-
body try for the prize!

Next week—4-5B, 5 G, 7 B, 7-4 G, 3 B.

LOST—Gold cuff button, with initials W. H.
B. engraved on face. Finder please return
to Overseer Bailey, Tth Gallery, and receive
reward.

EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY,
Quarters of the Honor and Friendship Club,
April 14, 1914.
Warden Robert J. McKenty.
Respective Sir:

In the name of each and every member of
the Honor and Friendship Club, we, the mem-
bers of the Board of Governors and the Board
of Delegates urge that you will address the
Inspectors of this Penitentiary, to place be-
fore the Governor of the State and proper
authorities, our wish and desire to enlist as
soldiers under the flag of our country and
with you, our Warden, as our leader, or other,
fight even unto death to uphold the glory of
our beloved flag.

And whereas, it being possible only for the
names or numbers of the members compris-
ing the Board of Governors to be affixed
hereto, we voice the wish of every member
of the Honor and Friendship Club.

God’s will be done and the glory of the
Stars and Stripes remain undimmed.

Signed this 14th day of April, 1917.
Chairman.
———— Vice - President.
Secretary.

Note: We would also advise the proper .au-
thorities that a complete Brass Band of 64
pieces and 16 musicians of a bugle and drum
corps, under able leaders, are included here-
with.

TREASURER’S REPORT—Receipts and' Dis-
bursements of the Honor and Friendship
Club, First Quarter, Jan. 1 to March 31,
g

Balance on hand, Dec. 31, 1916 $96.89
Contributions 45.50
Commissions on sales 28.35
Sale of old paper 92.90
Magazine subscriptions 35.10
Magazine sales 00D
Miscellaneous .60
$299.97
DISBURSEMENTS
Gifts, donations, and charities $ 67.10
Education and recreation 2.75
Commissions paid ST
Paid for magazines 27.54
Miscellaneous purchases 11.00
Cash on hand 179.79
: $299.97
B 7983, Trasurer.
Monday’s Game

RS El R

Athleties........ 2R 0E 0252505 0B 08 (G Ra s )

Printerss sy 071501000 027259

Pitched for Printers, B 7878. Struck out 5

and passed 4.

Pitched for Athletics, B 8251. Struck out 7,
and passed 1.

Home run, B 8179.

Umpire—Robbie.

The ‘‘ad’”’ column will be discontinued dur-
ing the baseball season.
