---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_069.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, April 25, 1917

NO. 17

FEMALE INMATES
ENJOY MINSTRELS

Friday, April 20th, was an event in the
history of old Cherry Hill, and an epoch in
more ways than one.There has been much said
pro and con for the reform of men in prison
and their condition, but strange to say not
one word has been said about women. The
men have had baseball and clubs, and other
diversions, but not until Friday, April 20th,
was there much attention given to diversion
for women. This was brcached to Warden
McKenty some time since and he, in turn,
gave much thought to the ways and means of
giving equal liberty to all. Finally, after
consulting as to the best mode of procedure
and proper consideration for all legal safe-
guards, Warden McKenty decided to give
“Curly’s’”” E. S. P. minstrel troupe the
opportunity to make history. Therefore the
first minstrel troupe to perform in the peni-
tentiary gave the first performance ever
given to an audience composed of the exclu-
sive female inmates of the Cherry Hill colony.
And it was an enjoyable occasion from every
point.

The audience looked in astonishment at the
perfect little theater when they entered. The
beautiful curtain with the orchestra (Jass
Band) in business array awaiting their cue to
begin. Then, when they had been comfort-
ably seated the brass band of 64 pieces, with
Professor Wiegandt wielding the baton, burst-
ing forth in crashing harmony surprising
their musical senses and when thishad ceased,
to behold the curtain slowly rising while the
concealed company poured forth in perfect
melody ¢Way Down Upon the Swanee River. &
This indeed was a surprise. They knew that
something of the sort had been going on dur-
ing the winter, but the real facts were be-
yond their wildest imaginings. When the
end men, followed by the company, came on,
attired in their neat, bright and classy uni-
forms an astonished—ah-h-h!—followed by
a burst of applause, greeted them. Mrs. 18
C. McKenty, who had chaperoned the group
of 25 pilgrims, had prepared them for a sur-
prise, but nothing like they beheld. After
“T,onesome Sal,”” by Sam Molliston, and “A
Way to Your Heart,”” by Charles Addisen,
had been sung, with applause from the audj-
ence, and the end men had passed a few jokes
which were well received by the audience, the
premier end men, Jim Johnson and Will
Brooks, were introduced.

Archie Rose, with an H. F. C. button in a
conspicuous spot on his broad chest, sang a
pallad, ‘‘Memories,”’ in a fine tenor, joined in
by the entire company. Then came George
(Jud) Johnson with his ‘““Down Where the

Swanee River Flows.”” He was a scream,
and the audience went wildover his perform-
ance, He was followed by Josh Sterling
with ‘‘How’s Every Little Thing in Dixie?”’
which is a laugh producer when ‘*Josh’’ puts
it over. Yes, Josh is funny. Jim Johnson is
a funny boy, and when he sang ‘‘Moonlight
Makes Mc Long for You’' and rolled his eyes,
he had the audience in an uproar of mirth.
The medley of the song, joined in by the full
quartette, made a very good chorus. Molli-
ston, Addison and Jud Johnson were the
quartette, with Jim Johnson. Will Brooks
sang ‘‘Floating on the Old Green River’’ in a
creditable way, and was applauded.

The dancing between Hall, Lee, Symonette,
Clayton, Breoks, Sterling, Jud and Jim John-
son, Fletcher, ‘‘Elephant’’ Burell, and Win-
ston, was classy and good.

Charles Winston, in ‘‘Curly’s’’ ‘‘Prison
Blues,’” gave a good performance and receiv-
ed a double encore.

Then the tableau closed with the song,
““Those Wonderful Giasses of Mine,”” during
which the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’ was
played, the audience rising.

—B 7542.

WELL-KNOWN COMEDIAN
MONTGOMERY PASSES AWAY

It will be a source of regret to many to
learn that David Montgomery, the come-
dian, who has been ill for several months at
a Chicago hospital, died at that place on
Friday last. ¢

He began his career as an entertainer
while in his youth, with a small show, and
followed the footlights for several years,
when he became the star performer with
Haverley’s Minstrels. In 1895 he formed a
partnership with Fred Stone, and the team
of Montgomery and Stone soon became fa-
mous in the popular play, ‘‘The Wizard of

Oz4f

This was followed by ‘‘The Red Mill,”’
which had a three-year run. Then came the
¢¢Old Town,’’ and finally ‘‘Chin-Chin.”” It
was in the latter play that Montgomery last
appeared at St. Paul and was compelled to
leave the company for examination and
treatment, which resulted in his going to the
hospital in March. Unfortunately he had de-
ferred treatment until it was too late to
prove effective.

The meteoric career of Montgomery and
Stone has been one of unusual success in the
annals of the American stage. In the past
fifteen years they played together in five
pieces, each one a success, and during all
that time they shared the same dressing-
room and were the best of friends. Mr.
Stone is quoted as saying that ‘‘during their
whole association they had fewer quarrels
than the average man and wife have every

week.”’

CHURCH CHOIRS GIVE FINE
SONG SERVICE AT E. S. P

The combined choirs of the Church of the
Nativity and St. Jude visited this institution
on Sunday afternoon last and gave an excel-
lent selection of sacred song for the edifica-
tion of the inmates.

The choristers have every reason to feel
proud of their ability to render high-grade
music in a delightful manner, pleasing alike
to visitors and to those who appreciate the
perfect blending of trained voices in tone har-
mony and fine tonal quality.

It is to be hoped that we may be favored
by another visit of these clever choristers in
the near future.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game

Ninth vs. Cubs
After the first round, when the Ninth made
two runs, the Cubs had things pretty much
their way, rolling up a total of nine runs to
the lone two of their opponents.
B 8375 opened in the box for the Cubs, but

 was succeeded by B 6453.

The Ninth also had two men on the mound,
starting the game with B 7664, who struck
out 4. Owing to arm cramp B 7387 was sub-
stituted in the fifth inning and proved effec-
tive. :

R ol ok

Cubs et 070:82350°0838070-59 9tse(
NG e 2:0.0 .0°0-020 0:0-—2 5
Doubles—B 8375, 6353 and Jacoby. :

Umpire—Robbie.

Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Ninth,

The Printers opened the game with two
runs and Hagy at the mound. Mack tried to
outclass him but was unequal to the task,
Hagy striking out 16 to Mack’s 12. Baum
made a clever home run that elicited much
applause.

Home run—Baum.
Doubles—Baum and Hagy.
Umpires—Barrington and Robbie.

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Cubs seemingly had the game well in
hand from the start, opening with two runs.
Banks pitched an even game, striking out 8.
Stoney, in the box of the Athletics, was

(Continued on page 4.)
