---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_070.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

____————————_——_____—_———___—_—____——_—-——'—_—_——_——-—'——_—_

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainmentof its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, “April 25, 1917

“‘Let a broken man cling to his work. Ifit
sawves nothing else it will save him.’’

NEGLECTED POWER

It seems perfectly natural that we should
want to rule. Every man, woman and child
is more or less ambitious for power. We all
love to gather forces and to wield them. If
we recall the words of Jesus to his first dis-
ciples, how they might come into possession
of power, it will not be hard to understand
why we seem to come by this inherent de-
sire.

Jesus taught his followers that by praying
for an inflow of the Holy Spirit and allowing
it to come into their lives, they would be pos-
sessed of a great power. This wasnot meant
for the few—the rich, high and mighty. It
was intended as a heritage for all who would
accept this divine inflow of the Spirit and be
guided by its dictates. In His teaching the
Master constantly appealed to the poor, weak,
and the oppressed, telling them that if they
would accept Him as their guide, their bur-
dens would be light. Often we may feel the
lacks of influence for good, but are powerless
before the daily task because we are so at a
loss for power—power to meet and to over-
come the difficulties that beset us. And yet,
how different it would be if we had more
faith in Christ’s teachings.

It is told of a famous musician that while
instructing his class he said: ““If I stop prac-
tising for one day I notice it in my playing;

if I stop for two days my friends notice it; if

I stop for three days the public notices it.’”’

And so it is with all of us. If we neglect
to follow the path that we know to be right, it
will not be long before our better nature,
our spiritual life, is at a low ebb. It does not
require a great mental effort to see that if
we wish to hold power over our own lives and
those of others, we can do so only by keeping
in touch with the source of Power. But as
surely as we forsake the means offered us to
keep strong and to make us useful members
of society, we shall most certainly grow weak
and impotent. Glad and fruitful Cross-bear-
ing can not exist where the Spirit does not
dwell, and the Spirit does not long dwell
where prayer and meditation are neglected
or forgotten.

HABIT MAKING -

O desire, I know where thy root is. Thou
art born of thought. I will not think of thee
and thou shalt thus cease to exist.

That is a text from a very ancient Eastern
book. It contains the key to making our-
selves anything we want to be.

Desire to do a thing comes of thinking of
doing it.

We do something once, perhaps quite cas-
ually. A memory of the doing is registered
in the mind.
on that memory a little desire to do the thing
again is apt to be born.  Yield to that desire
and the memory-picture is made clearer, and
then the desire is stronger, and in no long
time there is a habit.

The thing done may be quite trifling, hard-
ly giving any pleasure at all, and yet a bind-
ing desire and habit may be born of it.  Dr.
Johnson could not walk down Fleet street
without touching every lamppost with his
hand. He had done it once and at the next
post there was a faint memory of heving
touched the last one, and so a faint sugges-
tion and desire to touch this one, and at last
he had that little craze unmasterable.

In the same way have grown a craze even
for torturing themselves—mostly, as they
thought, ‘“for the love of God.”” They did it
once and got some pleasure out of it behind
the pain, the pleasure coming from the sense
of having will-power enough todo it or of be-
ing holier than others, or having specially
pleased God. And from thought of it the de-
sire to repeat it. And at last the whole life
was given over in joy to the habit of self-
torture.

How much more is this true when the first
doing of the thing gives actual positive pleas-
ure in itself! In this case thought is strong-
ly attracted, desire born at once and quickly
in full growth, and at last there is a habit
which may easily wreck the entire life.

But we can of course make this principle
work for our good. If we steadily refuse to
let the mind think of some evil or mistaken
action, the desire to do that action begins to
die at once, after a while gets too weak to
overmaster us any more, and at last dies out
altogether. 1t is quite easy to acquire the
habit of not letting thought be drawn in any
particular direction, though not so easy to
give the mind the habit of running nowhere
save where it has been told to run.

And it is quite easy to acquire an overmas-
tering desire to act rightly. Act rightly
once and let the thought of the pleasure of
having done so, of having used the will vie-
toriously, remain in the mind a while or come
into the mind at an odd moment. Yield at
once to the new-born desire to do that thing
again when the chance comes. We can soon
create and nourish a set of desires which will
redeem us, re-create us, give us a nobility of
character and a power of mind which will
measure closer up and closer to our highest
ideals.

When the thought chances up- -

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.
Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

Act rightly once. There is the seed. Be
content for the moment without laying out a
long plan of acting rightly for evermore.
That sort of plan-laying into the future
wakes up oppositions in our nature which
there is no need for. Only think of the right
act with satisfaction, and the desire to do it
again will come naturally of itself. The only
danger is lest satisfaction become self-satis-
faction, self-applause, a sense of superiority
to others. Keep totally clear of that sense
of superiority, of any criticism of otherswho
don’t seem to be making any efforts—any at-
titude but kindliness—and you are all right.
We are all brothers anyhow; the backward-
est of us will awaken some time; and some
time we shall all be at the top together, able
to look back and wish perhaps that we had
begun the climb sooner.

—The New Way.

TRY ONCE AGAIN

Turn ’round; that’s not the way to go;
The past is dead: tomorrow grow

All opportunity. The fare :
To Better-Luck-Land is a dare.

You are not poor so long as will
Persists within your being still.

With capital of hands and head
A myriad of men have led

Themselves to fortune. Pluck and pride
Gave answer when their fellows lied

And told them that their chance had died.
Try once again—the world is new

Each day. Your chance? Your chance

[zs YOU.
— Herbert Kaufman.

PAPER LEGS FOR SOLDIERS

It was recently announced by a Paris cor-
respondent that artificial legs, made from
papier mache and costing less than seventy-
five cents, are being supplied to wounded
soldiers in Paris hospitals. The paper legs,
which are the invention of a Danish surgeon,
are merely for temporary use, but with care,
will last from six months to a year. They
are made on the spot, can be used a fort-
night after the amputation, and obviate the
necessity for crutches while the patient is
convalescing.

A hospital orderly can cut out, fit and com-
plete a paper leg for a patient in about half
an hour. The work takes a day to dry and
set, and may be used the next day by the
invalid.
