---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_071.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

M
e e e e T s e S ST Sy

THE FIRST LOCOMOTIVES

Probably no museum collection in the world
better illustrates the development of the
steam engine, particularly the locomotive,
than the exhibit of the United States Na-
tional Museum at Washington, which in-
cludes two of the earliest original locomo-
tives and numerous models and accessories.

As the result of a wager made by a resi-
dent of Merthyr-Tydvil, an important iron
town of South Wales, that he could convey
a load of iron nine miles by the power of
steam alone, Richard Trevithic made the
first engine to run on rails in 1803, and won
the wager for his employer the next year.
It has been claimed, however, that Trevith-
ick copied the stationary engine built in 1800
by Oliver Evans, an American, who later at-
tached wheels to a scow and propelled it by
steam through the streets of Philadelphia in
1804. This curious creation, called the ‘‘Oruk-
tor ‘Amphilbolis,”” was the first motorcar to
run on American soil.

A model of Trevithick’s engine is to be
seen in the National Museum, as is also the
model of the engine employed by John Ste-
vens in 1825, and his original tubular boiler.
Other models illustrate nearly all the types
which began to put in their appearance soon
after 1828, when the ‘‘Stourbridge Lion’’
was built in England and shipped to Amer-
ica, where it was the first engine to run on
fuli-sized rails. The museum possesses not
only the model of this historic engine, but
the original engine itself. The other original
full-sized locomotive to be seen in the mu-
seum is the ‘“John Bull,”” built by George
Stephenson & Sons, of England, and shipped
to America for use in 1831 on the Camden &
Amboy Railroad. It is interesting to recall
that that this old relic of early railroading in
America made a round -trip under its own
steam in 1893 from New York to Chicago,
where it was exhibited at the World’s Co-
lumbian Exposition.

Among the models of early and historic
locomotives are George Stephenson’s ‘‘Rock-
et,’’ built in 1829; the grasshopper type en-
gine, ‘‘Arabian,’’ of 1831; the ‘‘Best Friend,”’
used in 1830-1831; Baldwin’s‘‘Old lronsides,’’
constructed in 1832; the ‘‘Sandusky,’’ built
in 1837, and models of engines made by Asa
Whitney in 1840, and G. A. Nicholls in 1848.
Besides the two locomotives and the numer-
ous engine models, there are .in the exhibit,
coach and car models, sections of rails,
spikes, wheels and models and parts of
valves, and other early patented accessories
pertaining to locomotives and railroads, all
of which go far toward completing an ab-
sorbing chapter of graphic history in connec-
tion with this interesting and important com-
mercial development.

The museum’s exhibit becomes particularly
interesting when one compares the toy en-
gines of the eighteen-thirties with the Mal-
let type to which the fleet, easily handled
giant locomotlves of today belong.

INVOCATION

O Thou whose equal purpose runs

In drops of rain or streams of suns,
And with a soft compulsion rolls

The green earth on her snowy poles;

O Thou who keepest in thy ken

The times of flowers, the dooms of men,
Stretch out a mighty wing above—

Be tender to the land we love!

If all the huddlers from the storm

Have foundher hearthstone wideand warm
If she has made men free and glad,.
Sharing with all, the good she had;

If she has blown the very dust

From her bright balance to be just,

Oh, spread a mighty wing above—

Be tender to the,land we love!

When in the dark eternal tower
The star clock strikes her trial hour,
"And for her help no more avail
Her sea-blue shield, her mountain mail,
But sweeping wide, from Gulf to Lakes,
The battle on her forehead breaks,
Throw Thou a thunderous wing above—
Be lightning for the land we love!

— Wendell Phillips Stafford.

AS BLIND AS LOVE

As the German army approached Brussels
in August, 1914, says a writer in the Saturday
Evening Post, it was reported that the in-
vaders might shell the city. 1In a high state
of alarm the Chinese minister went to see
our minister, Brand Whitlock, to see what
Whitlock meant to do in the event of bom-
bardment.

““] do not believe there will be any as-
sault,’” said Whitlock. ‘‘My information is
that the authorities will surrender Brussels
to avoid any possibility of damage. But if
there should be an engagement, and the Ger-
mans should use their heavy guns, I shall
hoist the flag of my country over this build-
ing, and I shall call upon my fellow-country-
men to come here for safety and protection.
I advise you to do the same thing with re-
gard to your people.’’

““But, Mr. Whitlock,’’ murmured the China-
man in his polite but labored  English, ‘‘the

",

cannon he has no eyes!
NOT BY BREAD ALONE

No scene is continually and untiringly lov-
ed, but one rich by joyful, human labor;
smooth in tield; fair in garden; full in orchard;
trim, sweet, and frequent in homestead;
ringing with voices of vivid existence. No
air is sweet that is silent; it is only sweet
when full of low currents of under sound—
triplets of birds, and murmur and chirp of
insects, and deep-toned words of men, and
wayward trebles of childhood. As the art of
life is learned, it will be found at once that
all lovely things are also necessary—the wild
flower by the wayside, as well as the tended
corn; and the wild birds and creatures of the

forest, as well as the tended cattle; because
man doth not live by bread alone, butalso by
the desert manna.

' —Ruskin

THE FELLOWSHIP OF BOOKS

‘“‘Nearly nine centuries ago a lonely monk,
known afterward as the Archibiship of Poiec-
tiers, wrote down in a monastery the follow-
ing words which have lost none of their elo-
quence of truth through the lapse of time.
Could there be a more exquisite tribute to the
fellowship of books?

““Our house is empty, save myself and the
rats and mice, who nibble in a solitary hun-
ger. There isno voice in the hall, no tread
on the stairs. The clock is stopped, the pump
creaks no more. But I sit here with no
company but books, dripping into dainty
honey-combs of literature. All minds in the
world’s history find their focus in a library.
This is the pinnacle of the temple from which
we may see all the kingdoms of the world
and the glory of them. I keep Egypt and the
Holy Land in the closet next to the window.
One side of them are Athens and the Empire
of Rome. Never was such an army mustered
as I have here. No general ever has such
soldiers as I. No kingdom ever had half such
illustrious subjects as mine, or half so well
governed. 1 can put my haughtiest subjects
up or down, as it pleases me. I call ‘Plato,’
and he answers ‘Here’—a noble and sturdy
soldier. ‘Aristole.” ‘Here,’—a host in him-
self. ‘Demosthenes,’ ‘Cicero,’ ‘Caesar,’ ‘Tac-
itus,” ‘Pliny,”— ‘Here,’ they answer, and they
smile at me in their immortality of youth.
Modest all, they never speak unless spoken
to. Bountiful all, they never refuse tc answer.
And they are all at peace together. My archi-
tects are building night and day without the
sound of hammer; my painters designing,
my poets singing, my philosophers discours-
ing, my historians and theologians weaving
their tapestries, my generals marching about
without noise or blood. I hold all Egypt in
fee simple. 1 build not a city but empires
at a word. I can not say as much of all the
Orient as he who was sent to grass did of
Babylon. And the world is around me, all
that ever stirred human hearts or fired the
imagination is harmlessly here. My library
shelves are the avenues of time. Ages have
wrought, generaticns grcwn, and all their
blossoms are cast down here. It is the gar-
den of immortal fruits, without dogor dragon.’’

WEIGHING A RIVER

A cubic mile of river water weighs approx-
imately 4,205,650,000 tons and carries in solu-
tion on the average about 420,000 tons of
foreign matter. In all about 2,735,000,000
tons of solid substances are thus carried an-
nually to the ocean.

¢‘1)o not think it a waste of time to enter-
tain any influence which may bring upon you
a noble feeiing.’’
