---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_072.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

——————_——-—_———————H
*—_——_—N

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

We L Pet: WA By 1

Cubs 04 01 800 Ninth 0288048833

Printers 045 02" 1664 Athletics 01 04 200
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect. W. L. Pet

New York 06 02 750 Chicago 06 06 500

St. Louis 08 04 667 Phillies 03" 06 833

Boston 05 03 625 Brooklyn 03 06 333

Cincinatti 07 06 538 Pittsburg 04 09 308
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wis e sPet! IWaE L Pt

Chicago 08 02 800 Athletics 04 06 400

Boston 06 03 667 St. Louis 04 06 400

New York 05 03 625 Washingt’'n 03 06 333

Cleveland 05 05 500 Detroit 03 07 300

(Continued from page 1.) 5
f(;{inidwfg;eig}{tr hlts, and passed four. Dou-
bles by Shorty, Hogie, Harry and Slick fea-
tured the game.

Rese e
Athleticsier.. 00 0:020°1 11003+ 4 -
Culosey i 2150535107 00070-—T £ 4840

Doubles—Hogie, Shorty, Harry, Fats and
Slick.
Umpire— ‘“Ty’’ Cobb.
Friday’s Games
Printers vs. Ninth

The Printers opened the game at the Gar-
age grounds on Friday afternoon and worked
together throughout the entire score. Hagy
seemed to be in good form and proved his
mettle by striking out nine of his opponents,
and passing but one on balls.

Mack and Charlie did the honors for the
Ninth, but were a little uneven in their
curves, Mack striking out eight and passing
two, while Charlie struck out one, passed
two and found for two hits.

ResaLItssa :
Prifiterser.. .. 0200000002 4. 0
INTatla e 000000000—-0 7 0

Doubles—Tony, Jacoby and Mack.

Umpires—Rabie, Happy and Barrington.

The Cubs-Athletics game scheduled for
Friday afternoon was played vesterday, but
too late for publication in this issue.

Monday’s Games

Ninth vs. Printers

Monday’s game at the Garage grounds
proved disastrous for the Printers, with the
Ninth in the lead to the tune of 4—1.

Jacoby’s home run, Charlie’s catch on a
foul, and Baum’s double play were the main
features of the play.

Mack pitched for the Ninth with good con-
trol, excepting in the seventh inning when he
filled the bases.

Silly’s curves were easily found by his op-
ponents.

R:-H - E
Nmthe e (202028028 0R0 R0 == A s,
Brinterse. . ... 0500102000 0215 0—1-"32% ()

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Good old Sol washed the face of the H. F.
C. grounds on Saturday in a bath of real July
sun, and the members of the Club enjoyed
every moment of their stay in the yard. The

march around the grounds was a task that

caused some of the younger members to feign
sudden footache or some long forgotten ail-
ment to excuse their dropping out. The of-
ficers and Board of Governors dropped out at
the 11th Block and reviewed the ‘“troopst’ to
decide as to which was the best appearing

. block in line, and decided that the 4th Block

was the best looking (marching, net beauty)
body of men in line, and to them the laurels
belong. The contest is on now between the
Ist and 4th Blocks, and the cup will be here
and presented by the time the 1st Block has
its chance. What’s the matter with the rest
of the fellows? The 7th Gallery was going
strong for a while, but broke and lost their
chance.

The President was on the job in time to
open the game between the ‘‘Yanigans and
the Lanigans,’” two teams picked from among
the members. Our old friend “Happy’” um-
pired, and the way he called ‘‘Fo-0-0-wl’’ and
the frown he put on when he said, with a
growl, ‘““You’re out,’’ left no room for a come-
back nor dispute. Some umpire, Happy; go
to it. After a fierce contest, in which sev-
eral balls went over the wall, a score of 3 to
2 in favor of the Yanigans was the result of
the effort and a new game was declared be-
tween the Buglers and the H. F. C. Howard,
the boss bugler, was captain, and from the
way his men lined up he must have been
practising up. Then, too, Rube picked out a
rather strong bunch from among the H. F.
C., with the result that the H. F. C. won by
a score of 7 to 2. But think of this star line-
up against the poor Buglers: Rube, Hagy,
Mack, Charlie, Harvey, Chick, Nick, Happy,
and Joe. All stars, every one, and so the
poor boys fell. It’s no disgrace, boys. You
can blow yourselves for all you are worth
next week, and not a cent to the bad.

And so the beautiful day was whiled away.
Over in a corner ‘““Curly’” had “‘Quig’’ telling
him what he would do to him when they met
in a box car in the future years to come,

while Pete and Charlie, the Governcr, walked

around conspiring as to how the treasury of
the Honor Club could be swelled and interest
drawn on the capital invested. ‘‘Hello, Bill,”’
one chap said, ‘‘how’s things up in Towan-
da?”’ and the ‘‘chat stuff’’” was on as to
whether Germany would drop a shell on the
court-house at Towanda or merely sail a bat-
tleship over the Neversink Mountain. It
made no difference what the subject, each
was interested in the other, and at last, when
the bugle sounded .the assemble, every one
promptly fell in line, and a cheerful, healthy
bunch marched back to their cells saying,

‘“Thank God, Warden McKenty is a man who -
_believes in live and let live.”’

Yes, it was a

bright day and a bright spot in the minds of
those who were privileged to enjoy it.

Next week, the 1st Section, 1—10—11—6—
6 G—12—12-1-2—8—9. Heads up, chests out;
and who has the best marching block?

Notice.—Whoever forget themselves and
held out three gloves, be sure to return them
to Secretary, and don’t do it again.

o — B 75,2.

NOTICE

We regret to announce that the Librarian
of the Club has resigned, causing a reorgan-
izing of the magazine circulating de partment.
B 8334 and B 7364 have been appointed libra-
rians and will have full charge of the same.
Both are experienced in magazines and peri-
odicals and will be pleased to give any infor-
mation desired regarding the Club’s methods.
This is a splendid opportunity to secure good
fresh reading at a very small cost and assist
the Club with your subscriptions.

B 7542, Secretary.

OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE HoNoRr AND
FrIENDSHIP CLUB OF THE E. S. P., 2IsT
AND FAIRMOUNT AVENUE.

GENTLEMEN:

I can poorly express in these few lines my
heartfelt appreciation to you all in your ex-
pression of love and genuine friendship in
sending your beautiful gift to my husband.

Before his illness I know his pleasure was
to be with you in the Trade School and talk-
ing with the boys.

The floral-piece was the most beautiful I
have ever seen, and it is with him in the
churchyard at Mount Holly, N. J.

My son and daughter join with me in love
and sincere thanks to you all.

EMILY MUNROE DOBBINS.
1811 Arch Street, April 10, 1917.

To THE HONOR AND FRIENDSHIP CLUB (A

8432).

DEAR SIR:

I received your notification of being elect-
ed an honorary member of your Club.

Very much I appreciate what you have
done, and thank you for your action and the
good wishes of your 'Club. I will be glad to
wear your button when I visit you and be
pleased to show it to my friends who are in-
terested in men’s work. Friendship, meaning
sympathy and kindness; honor, to scorn to do
a mean act, are fine qualities to possess,
either inside or outside an institution.

Good wishes for you all belonging to the
Honor and Friendship Club. I am

Sincerely your friend,
ELLEN LANE LEAF.
April 12, 1917.

The men on the First Block wish to extend
a hearty welcome to Rev. DeCosta Harwood
as their visitor. They highly appreciate his
ministry and personal endowments.
B 5377, on Behalf of the Block.
