---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_073.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, May 2, 1917

NO. 18

CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA
GIVE SACRED SONG SERVICE

The inmate choir, accompanied by the E. S.
P. orchestra, gave their monthly song ser-
vice on the Center at this institution on Sun-
day last. The program consisted of popular
and classic song, appealing to the varied
taste of the hearers.

The singing of the various numbers by the
choristers made a ‘‘hit’’ with the assembled
guests, who responded by hearty applause.
Especially commendable was the solos, ‘I
Wander to the Hills’’ and ‘““When You and [
Were Young, Maggie,’”” which was sung by
B 7962, by special request.

: : o —
PROGRAM

The Caliph of Bagdad Overture Boieldieu

2. Hymn No. 1 (R. B.) Chas. H. Gabriel
(a) —That. Will be Glory
(b) —Only a Sinner (R. B.) 15 :

3. Hymn No. 28 (R. B.) Chas. H. Gabrie

(a)—He Lifted Me

(b)—My Anchor Holds (R. B.) 28
Spring’s Awakening Bach
Saxophone Solo Lzs Biuets B 7349
6.” Hymn No. 110 (B. S.) Chas. H. Scott

(a) —Open My Eyes!
(b) —When He is Come (B. S. 136)

7. Hymn No. 98 (B. S.) Rev. A. H. Ackley
(a)—Jesus Keeps the Heart Right
(b)—O What Joy Will be Ours (B. S. 2)

8. Coronation Overture Allen

A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game
Cubs vs. Athletics

The postponed game between the Cubs and
Athletics was played on Tuesday at the
Storehouse grounds, and proved a walk-over
for the Cubs, as they rolled up a final score
of 9—1.

Boyd opened in the box for the Cubs but
retired in the fifth inning, owing to tco many
walks, and he was replaced by Banks, who
finished the game.

Stony’s ambition was good, but his pitch-
ing arm wasn’t with him, and his curves
were easily found by his opponents.

=

o

RYEH S E.
Athletics........ 001000000-1 0 O
Cubs b i 163326000-9: 190
Two-base hits, Cubs 8. Struck out by

Boyd, 7; by Stony, 5.
Umpires—Jimmie and Ty Cobb.

Owing to lack of space we are unable to
give particulars of Ninth vs. Athletics on
Monday last. The score was Ninth 2, Ath-
leties 1. :

his opponents down to four hits.

Wednesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Printers

Wednesday’s game at the Storehouse
grounds between the Cubs and Printers, prov-
ed disastrous for the latter owing in part to
their lack of ‘‘pep’’ and to their opponents
bunching their hits. The game was interest-
ing until the fourth round when the Cubs’
players solved Hagy’s curves and made five
runs. Boyd pitched in good form for the
Cubs and seemed to have the ball under good
control, striking out nine and walking but
one, with only three hits.

R H O ok
Printers.io=n. (F0EI=0N0R0R020 0= 1o R O
CubsiTE 0207020 bR R0E0 10 —6 = T ()

Two base hits, Printers 3; Cubs 1.

Struck out by Boyd 9, by Hagy 12.
Home run—Jordan.
Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

Ninth vs. Athletics

A one-sided game was played at the Garage
grounds between the Ninth and the Athletics,
owing to the inability of the latter’s players
to solve Jacoby’s curves, and to weak play-
ing.

Charlie’s work in the box for the Athletics
did not prove effective, and D. C. was sub-
stituted in the fifth inning, but was not equal
to the occasion, being found for three hits.

Jacoby’s pitching for the Ninth was very
effective, as he held his opponents down to
two hits, striking out twelve.

R R
Ninth............. 000 1:8.:0 70070118 0
Athletics. .. ...001000000-12 -1

Struck out by Jacoby 12; Charley 6.
Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

Friday’s Games
Cubs vs. Printers

The Printers again proved their strength
at the game played at the Storehouse grounds
on Friday, Mooney pitching in good form,and
he was well supported by his team-mates at
critical stages of the game. Harvey opened
in the box for the Cubs, but was taken out
and replaced by Boyd, who finished the game.
The two runs made in the first inning by the
Printers led on to victory by a score of 4—2
at the final. Several brilliant plays were
made by both sides and the game was inter-
esting from start to finish. Boyd’s pitching
was somewhat uneven at times, but he held
Jordan’s
three-base hit featured.

R. H. E.
Printers....201 01000 0—4 4 1]
Gubs == 01100000 0—-2 6 0

Two base hits, Printers 1, Cubs 1.
Three base hits, Jordan. _
Struck out by Mooney 9, by Boyd 5.
Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

There have been many days when, perhaps,
there was more entertainment from a varied
point—music and other things—but Saturday
was a day to mark with a white stone. First
came the parade, in which each man appear-
ed to take an interest. The marching was so
well done that it was hard to select the honor
winner from among the 1st, 11th and 12th
blocks. It was splendid to see these fellows,
head erect, shoulders back, and keeping step
to the martial music of the band. After
some discussion the question was left up to
President R. C. McKenty, who decided that
owing to the 1st Block having more men in
line, and their marching being so perfect, the
honors of the best marching club belonged to
them, with the 11th and 12th a close second.
This would give the cup to the 1st and the
banner to the 4th Block, who were best last
week. The parade was reviewed by Presi-
dent R. C. McKenty and some lady visitors
as they passed the front gate, and the flag
was saluted by the reviewers. A large flag

_of Italy, its beautifully blended colors flow-

ing proudly in the air and borne no less
proudly by Di Massie, one of our Italian mem-
bers, was applauded by the Italian contin-
gent, who were elated to behold their mother
country’s flag beside ¢‘Old Glory,”” the pret-
tiest of all flags. Twice around the old gray
walls the members marched and none cried
enough, but finally the band halted at the
Garage ground and the ‘crowd was moved
back to give a clear diamond, and then came
‘‘a game of baseball.”’

There are many within these walls who
have witnessed professional basetall, and we
have some good baseball players and good
teams in the E. S. P. League, but no gamre
was ever pulled off in or out, that had .ny-
thing on the game between the Officers of
the H. F. C. and the Delegates. Just think
of this line-up for the Officers: Charlie, catch-
er; “‘Curly,’’ pitcher; ‘‘Slim,’’ short; Charlie,
the dog man, 1st base; George, the treasurer,
ond; and Rube, President, 3rd; with Pete
(yes, Pete played left field), and ‘‘Doc,’’
secretary, center; and Jimmie, library, right.
Jake umpired, with Professor Wiegandt
as field umpire. Yes, the Professor was
right on the job and called his friend out
when he was running to him instead of sec-
ond. ‘‘Quig,’”’ the Club’s father, had charge
of the Delegates and pitched some good ball
and was well supported by Mac of the 11th.
“Scotty,’’ from the 1st, played first, and at
times, with his awful long reach, he’d pull a
ball out of the air like he was dragging down
the sun. Then there was Tommy, from the

(Continued on page 4)

