---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_074.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptablé and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and glver_l to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’'s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on thlS page

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, May 2, 1917

“The man knows his strength until occasion
proves them.’’

A MUCH NEEDED REFORM

It would seem to be about time for public
attention to be directed to the brutal system of
handling untried prisoners and detained wit-
~nesses that has been in practise in this county
for along time past. Antiquated, barbaric, in-
human, and against all sense of common dJe-
cency and modern civilization, were some of
the ‘expressions hurled at the Legislative
Subjudiciary Committee by prominent citi-
zens in this city at the recent hearing in ref-
erence to the proposed house of detention,

advocated for persons awaltmg trial in this.

city.

The committee seemed deeply impressed
by the numerous expressions of condemna-
tion of the present method of treating wit-
nesses and untried prisoners, and as a mem-
ber was heard to remark, ‘‘the testimony
surely warrants the instalation of a modern
system in providing for. the untried awaiting
trial 2

District Attorney Rotan pointedly remark-
ed that under the present administration of
the law even innocent persons arrested on
criminal charges, as well as innocent wit-
nesses, unable to procure bail, were dealt
with like convicted criminals, being sent to
Moyamensing prison. “‘If this is not a man-
ifested injustice on the face of it, I would
like to know what it is,”” he declared, ‘‘ana
it is my firm opinion that the present Legis-
lature should pass the pending measure af-
fording relief, so that all unconvicted persons
and witnesses would be treated in a humane
and civilized manner.’’

Besides the district attorney, there were
present a goodly number of lawyers, clergy-
men and public spirited laymen, who did not
hesitate to express their condemnation of
existing conditions. The consideration of
additional expense, it was asserted, should
not enter into the question. Modern ideas of
~civilization and common decency, it was de-

clared, demanded a change in conditions that
would afford accused perscns their full civil
rights as provided by law.

It is conceded that under the law, a man is
assumed innocent until he is proven guilty,

and it is against justice to treat him as a
criminal until he is properly convicted, averred
Judges Martin and Staake. Such a plea
would be even more forcible in the case of
an innocent witness to a crime, who was held
by the court to assure his presence at a
trial merely because he was not rich enough
or had not friends owning real estate who
could go on his bail. ;
The apparent unanimity of public opinion
against a further continuation of the present
method of handling witnesses and the un-
tried, than is actually necessary, is so mani-
fest that there can be but little doubt that
the Legislative committee will report favor-
ably on the bill to establish a house of de-
tention in this city. :

CLEARING-HOUSE FOR DERELICTS

As a matter of no smallimportance it ought
to be understood by the public and the au-
thorities that what is imperatively needed
these days is a clearing-house for derelicts,
mental and social. Only those familiar with
the situation that exists in what is called for
lack of better terms the ‘‘world of charities
and correction’” know the difficulties that
confront these who are dealing with those
who are in the ‘‘twilight zone’’ of social and
potential criminal irresponsibility, says an
editorial writer in the Public Ledger.

There are any number of people at loose
in the community who need not so much the
occasional attention of the societies for or-
ganized charity as they do expert examina-
tion by specialists in mental diseases, since
they belong to a class difficult to reach for
whom there is no central clearing-house or
socio-mental clinie to which they can be re-
ferred for restraint and reform.

Some of these derelicts commit petty of-
fenses and misdemeanors, some of them
more felonious crimes. They often are in
need of money and emplcyment, but oftener
in need of medical advice and treatment.
They are hard to deal with, since those who
would help them find no agencies existing
that exactly meet their needs. They are not
exactly ‘‘down and out,’’ and often belong to
a social stratum far above that supposedly
within the usual experience of the various
societies that make some form of physical
charity their concern. They are often para-
noiacs with a grudge against the world, and,
what is worse, more often a spite against
specific persons who at timesmay even have
defended them, but who at any moment may
be the victims of their deranged desire for
some kind of revenge for fancied injury.
And, while many  may _think it otherwise,
there is at present actually no - state or pri-
vate organization that is in a position to deal
with cases of this kind, although those in
charity work and in publie life, especially in
police circles, know that they exist and not
in inconsiderable nunibers.

If a clearing-house for defective types of

this kind were supported by the state and,

city there would be plenty of business for it

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

~ General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at

the band-room.

at once, and its need, as the doctors say, is
surely ‘‘indicated.”” As it is, these “‘cases’’
are only looked after now when they commit
some overt act, and hence get into the hands
of the police, who in many ways are as help-
less to handle them properly as is the unor-
ganized communlty

THE SIN OF SELFISHNESS

Beyond question selfishness is the most
dominant of all personal vices, and the worst
of it is that it is the hardest to recognize.
When a fault is perfectly evident to its pos-
sessor it can be remedied with time and en-
deavor. But when a fault is quite unnoticed
and practically invisible it is harder to over-
come.

For this reason selfishness is one of the
worst faults common to humanity, for most

of us are selfish in a greater or lesser degree,

but few of us realize it.

A quick temper, an aptitude for evading
the truth, a jealous or envious nature are all
bad faults, but they are easily recognized.
Almost every one who has a hot temper
knows his failing and is ashamed of it.

FThe same applies with untruthfulness and
Jealousy. If we are guilty of telling lies, or
of a wave of jealousy or envy, we usuallyhave
the grace to blush for such faults. And the
very best start toward overcoming a fault is
to see it plainly for what it:is and to be
ashamed of it.

Unfortunately, selfishness is a vice of a
different order. Tt often hides itself under
a mask of generosity and virtue, and would
be horritied to be called by its real name.

It is more often tke persons who consider
themselves the soul »f unselfishness who are
the most egotistic 1 at heart, avers The
Telegraph, while those who are given to
calling themselves selfish and self-immersed
are in reality the most self-srerificing erd
generous.

So many of us, indeed most of us, are ab-
solutely blind to the selfishness which rules
our existence. We think because we give
what we can to charity and do what we can
in the way of sending material comforts to
poor relations that we are leading model
lives.

Lest we forget the Lusitania, May 7, 1915.

P
