---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_075.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE TEST THAT TELLS

There are ways of measuring money and
machinery that are accurate to the decimal
point. One judges a fruit tree by its fruit
and a race horse by its speed. Men have es-
tablished, and abide by certain fixed stand-
ards, with which they compare the things
that they would measure. So it is not at all
strange that from time to time the philoso-
phizing mind of men comes back to that fasci-
nating subject, ‘‘the measure of a man,”’
says a writer in New Era.

Some people judge men by birth or educa-
tion. Some substitute for the questions, ‘‘who
are you?’’ and ‘‘who was your grandfather?”’
thequestions, ‘‘whatdoyouknow?’’and ‘‘what
can you do?’’ Some set up standards of wealth
and some of culture. Some make religious

_or moral or ethical distinctions. And every
now and then some one attempts to systema-
tize these various criteria of personality.

Then they formulate their rules. They
would judge a man by what he isor was or
will be; by what he has or had or will have;
by what he does ordid or will do; or perhaps
by what he can be, can have or can do. They
make other and various suggestions.

But whether they are psychologists or
doctors, teachers, preachersor business men,
they never succeed in perfecting universal,
abiding, accurate standards. For a man is
not a machine; a man is more than mind; a
man is a being with desires and a will.

And the real test of a man, the test that
tells, is a test that takes in what he is and
has and does, and what he can do, or can be;
a test that takes into account every ounce of
nerve and will and brain and blood and emo-
tion, and at the same time, is the simplest
test that could be made. :

But one man can really make this test,
and that is the man himself. But one man
can get the greatest profit from it. But one
man can understand it.

The thing it concerns is fundamental. It
is the motive power of ages, the impelling
force of masters. It is almost too sacred to
put thus into coid type. For every man it

" includes the things that in his innermost
heart he yearns to be, to know, to have, to
do. It includes the thing or things that he
wants so much thatnothingelse matters. For
he usually can have any such things. The test
“that tells is not so much what a man knows
as what he wants. That tells just what heis
and governs what he does. :

SQentimental, this, yes. But practical,
intensely practical. Talk it over with vour-
self and you will see.

THROWING A BOOMERAN(;}

«The boomerang is. thrown overhand.
Grasping the small end in his right hand, the
man moves his hand backward as far as he
can over the shoulder; then he brings jt for-
ward with all the force possible, letting the
boomerang slip from his grasp’ when his hand
is well forward in front.

DISCOURAGEMENT

; “Set thee up: waymarks, make thee high heaps: set
thine heart toward the highway, even the way which
thou wentest.”’—(Jeremiah xxxi 21.)
Is the path so easy found,
Wanderer through the night?
—No, ah! no; yet all seemed plain
In the morning light.

From my shoulders dropped their load,
From my feet their shackles;

On the holy hill afar
Shone the tabernacles.

New in strength I leaving ran
(Strength that seemed mine own),

Naught of praise I gave ‘to God;
Now am I alone.

Broad and sloping grew the road
“To its trackless end;

Many a circuit have I made,

~ Canst thou help me, friend?

—For the way thou wentest, search
At the break of day.

Waymarks set thee up to show,
God is ail thy stay.

Make thee heaps, high heaps, to praise
His acknowledged will,
Till an highway shall appear
Unto Zion’s hill.
— The Monaitor.

“Throwing the boomerang is more of a
knack than a science. It may be learned by
any American or European who gives the
time and patience for practise. However,
only native Australians acquire marked abil-
ity in making the boomerang turn exactly
where they wish. The natives are not averse
to using the boomerang as an American po-
liceman uses his night stick. The native has
the advantage over the ‘cop.” He can deal
an effective blow without being near the
victim.

“‘One of the most interesting implements
used by the native Australian is the woomera
or spear thrower. The spear thrower re-
sembles a rubber plant leaf with its edges
turned upward. At the pointed end there is
a barb or hook against which the native
places the butt of his spear. In this way he
can get considerable additional power for
throwing the spear because of the increased
purchase.”’

THE TALMUD

The Talmud is the compendium of ancient
Jewish oral or unwritten law, as distinguish-
ed from the Pentateuch, or writtenlaw. Its
origin is coeval with the retuin of the Jew-
ish people from the Babylonian captivity, 536
B. C. Its compilation in Hebrew was begun
by the scribes, and by their successors the
work was carriedon till 220 B. C. The Tal-
mud is a combination of prose and poetry
and contains two elements, legal and legend-
ary. Its morality resembles that ofthe
New Testament, and its philosophy reminds
‘us very forcibly of that of the great Plato.

" openings in the body of the statue.

WHAT A GREAT BOOK DOES

One of our leading educators once said,
that it was difficult to reckon what a year
book does. He was asked, ‘“What did the
‘Pilgrim’s Progress’ do for England?’’ What
has been its effect on the.language? Could
we say it has done for English prose what
Burns did for poetry—‘‘showed how it may
build a princely throne on humble truth’’?
What has been its influence as the most
widely read and translated work of the im-
agination in English—a book accessible to
millions who never read Shakespeare, where
they may meet a world of men, men outside
their ordinary range, and yet'intelligible and
individual, knowable as one’s next-door
neighbors are not? What again has the book
meant in the religious history of England?

What has been done for English
liberty by the book and its writer together?

And supposing he had been talked
round and had agreed no longer ‘‘devilishly
and perniciously to abstain from coming to .
church to hear divine service,”” and to be no
longer ‘‘an upholder of several unlawful

-meetings and conventicles to the great dis-

turbance and distraction of the good subjects
of the kingdom, contrary to the laws of our
sovereign lord, the King, etc.”’? Bedford
might have kept a tinker the more—and pos-
sibly none of the best at that, for there is
nothing to show that renegades make good
tinkers—and what would England have lost?

A DEATH LURE

According to tradition, Kenith, the legend-
ary king of Scotland, was allured to his
death in a most novel manner.” Kenith had
slain a son and brother of Fennella, who to
be avenged ordered Wiltus, a famous silver-,
smith, to consruct a death-dealing statue of
gilver. - In its right hand the statue held a
basin and in the left hand an apple of pure
gold, both set with diamonds and other pre-

cious stones. To touch the apple was to dety
death, it being so arranged that any cne
guilty of such vandalism would be immeai-
ately riddled by poisoned arrows shot frcm
Kenith
was invited to inspect the wonder, and, as

Fennella had hoped, he tried to pluck the

precious imitation fruit. When his hand
touched the apple he was wounded by the
arrows and died as he fell.

THE USE OF PIOUS LANGUAGE

‘The almost total abstinence from using
“‘pious’’ language in ordinary business and
social intercourse in America may be consid-
ered commendable in some ways, but I con-
sider it a surrender of the soul to the body, a
subordination of the spirit of the things
which are eternal to the spiritof the things
which are temporal. In my judgment the
superior culture of the West, instead of limit-
ing the vocabulary of religion to the one
hour of formal wership on Sunday and scru-
pulously shunning it during the remainder of
the week, should make its use on a much
higher plane than the Orient has yet discover-
ed, coextensive with all the activities of
life. "
