---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_076.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

e e —————
#—_—-————-—————_——_———

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect WasESE Pt
Cubs 07 02 778 Ninth 05 04 556
Printers 05 04 556 Athletics 01 08 111
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Wi i Pet: Wl Pt
New York 08 04 667 Boston 05 05 500
St. Louis 09 06 600 Cincinatti 09 10 474
Chicago 09 07 563 Pittsburg 07 11 389
Phillies 06 06 500 Brooklyn 03 07 300
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pct. W. L. Pet.
Boston 09 04 692 Cleveland 08 09 471
Chicago 10 06 625 Athletics 06 08 429
New York 07 05 583 Detroit 05 09 357
St. Louis 08 07 533 Washingtn 04 09 308

WM
Ninth vs. Athletics

Friday’s game at the Garage grounds be-
tween the Ninth and Athletics was interest-
ing until the fourth round, when the Ninth’s
stick-men found Stony’s curves for six runs,
after that the game was in their hands.
Mack’s pitching was not up to his usual
standard and had his opponents lost heart at
the break in the fourth inning, the result
" might have been different.

It is evident that the Athletics need to
“buck up’’ and work together to get out of
their present rut.

R Hio=hi
INHnGRE 00060001 x—7 b5 0
IAthlerics e 010001200—4 1 O

Two base hits, Athletics 3.
Struck out by Mack 6, by Stony 11.
Umpires— Happy and Jimmie.

Monday’s Game
Printers vs. Cubs

It was an interesting game that was played
at the Storehouse grounds on Monday, be-
tween the Printers and Cubs, as each team
seemed determined to roll up a decisive score
for their side. The fans voiced their delight
by vigorous applause as spectacular plays
were made, and there was an absence of the
annoying ‘‘rooting’’ that develcps at some
games. .

Hagy was in the box for the Printers and
pitched an even game, striking out twelve,
no walks, and allowed but five hits. The
game abounded in exciting plays as it prog-
ressed and there was loud applause as Chick
and Silly each made a home run. Boyd pitched
for the Cubs, with good control 0 the ball.

Printers:. ...i. 00100002x—3 5 1
Gabs i .. 100010103-6 11 0
NOTICE

The State College courses in Engineering
and in Mechanical Drawing will begin next
week. Applications for admittance are still
being received by Mr. Bonsall of the School
of Letters. No application after Saturday
the 9th will be considered. If you want to
reap the berefit of these free courses apply
at once by a note through your overseer.

(Continued from page 3)

‘‘con’’ yard, on 2nd, and ‘‘Shine’’ and Bill
from the 5th Gallery, and—but why pick out
the stars?

They beat us, not because they had the
best players but because these new rules are
confusing to players who have not played ball
for twenty-five or thirty years. And the
man on third, on whom so much depended,
gave the double cross and batted out of his
turn when ‘‘Curly’”’ was on third,- and as
though that was not sufficient, did some kind
of a stunt that the umpire, Jake, called
“Bunting on the third strike,”” which, like
rule five, Marquis of Queensbury, means
“‘you’re out.”” In explanation of that high
fly that ‘‘Scottie’’ knocked and ‘‘Doc’’ watch-
ed where it struck, when it was way up in
the air, it looked awful small, but the nearer
it came the bigger it got, until the time ar-
rived when it should strike the ground, when
nothing remained to do but pick it up and
throw it somewhere. This might as well
have been over the wall for all the use it was.

Once Pete thought he had a clear wad to
home and a run. He started, but ‘‘Quig’’
got there before him merely because Pete
fell down and went to sleep. Then to even

matters up with ‘‘Quig,”” Rube stationed &3

himself on 1st, with a runner on 3rd, and
called to ‘‘Quig’’ to throw it, and what did
“‘Quig’’ do but hand Rube the ball, and the
runner scored a run.

“‘Curly’’ pitched good ball and batted well,
and for a while he held the Delegates down
to strikes. The glory was ‘‘Curly’s’’ for
striking ‘‘Quig’’ out, but the pleasure was

“Quig’s’’ for allowing the ‘‘ancients’’ a little.

leeway to enable them to bat a ball, throw
out their chests, and say, ‘‘I guess we’re not
in the ‘has beens’ as long as we can play
baseball like that.”” Every one was in good
spirits. Professor Wiegandt did good work
as field umpire and joined in the gocd-will
that prevailed. Enjoyment of the day was
the object and every one enjoyed themselves
or has another guess.

Eleven to nine was the score in favor of
the Delegates, but some innings had four
put-outs, while others had but three. It was
an inning when the Club decided that in-bat
had been there long enough. It was then
that Jake weuld say, ‘“You’re out,’’ put his
hand up for the ball, and the batters would
say, “‘How many’s out?”” Some one replied,
‘“‘three’’; then positions changed.

The officers of the H. F. C. go on record
as saying that no club can beat another club
when the umpire and their best player on
whom everything depends conspire to double
cross them. No names are here mentioned,
and there are two umpires and several good
players to pick from on Saturday’s team.
Let the guilty pair alone say ‘‘I wonder how

it was found out.”’ What’s good for pains in
the legs and arms and a stitch in the back,
baseballitis?

After the star game two picked teams
called the ‘“Happy Thoughts’’ and the ‘‘Ned

Cart Rangers’’ played a game of real good
ball, which was called as the assemble was
sounded, when with good-will the game was
stopped and the blocks fell in with precision
and to the tune of bugle and drum marched
in orderly array to their several blocks or
galleries like a happy bunch of kids after a
holiday.

The order on the field was splendid. Noth-
ing worth mentioning occurred to mar the
pleasure. The recently appointed sergeant-
at-arms (B 7783) is to be complimented for
the manner in which he performed his du-
ties, and the same is to be said of the dele-
gates.

The Warden regretted his inability to be
present at this game. When shown the line-
up he remarked, ‘‘I’d like to be there. Yes,
and 1’d play too; and maybe you think I
can’t pitch a ball. Well, I can, and some
day I’ll show you fellows what kind of base-
ball the “‘Gas-house Quicksteps’’ used to play.
And he will too, and take it from ‘‘Muh,”’
the Warden, Rube, Bill, Bob and Sam and
John, and remember there are some grand-
sons, chips off the old block- You don’t have
to go out of the family to pick out a respect-
able baseball team. ‘‘And we’ll root, root,
root f(g' the home team’’ ‘“At the old ball
The baseball season is on now, so let every
member do his bit to make the summer a
record one for real outside enjoyment. There
are many 2njoyable surprises for all this
summer, so watch your step, sit. tight, and
be on the job to get all the good things out of
the H. F. C. you can.

During the week B 7007, 11th Block, left
on maximum sentence, and the Club gave
him $2.00; B 7796, 9th Block, also left and
was loaned car fare, $2.98. Our old friend
“‘Goo-goo’’ came to the gate and requested
the Club to loan him $8.00, a request which
was granted.

A pleasant occasion this week was when
our President held Vice-President A 8432 to
his duty and took him down the 2nd Block to
pin on an H. F. C. button oneach of the new
members of the Ladies’ Auxiliary of the H.
F. C. Pete has been here 23 years and in
that time has never beheld such a beautiful
gathering of female beauty. He was there-
fore naturally shy and*embarrassed until one
young lady was heard to whisper, ““Isn’t he
handsome?’” Then it was that Pete met his
Waterloo. He blushed deeply, and turning
to Mrs. Boal said, ‘‘You pin ’em on,’’ and
turned and beat it back home. Yes, he lost
his nerve, but when it came to pinning a but-
ton on Jimmy Double-O, Pete was right on
the job, and had the H. F. C. monogram
painted on the back of Jimmy’s go-cart.
Things are becomin? brighter every day for
the H. F. C. Ninetv dollars and forty-three
cents was received for rags and paper last
week, and the treacury had $140.18 making
$230.61. Of course we have some expenses
to come from this, such as death, burials and
minor debits, but taking everythfi;n'" Finto con-
sideration we are doing pretty W’élf

A very good proposition was introduced by
“Curly’’ at the last meeting of the Board of
Governors: To fit the space of ground be-
tween the 12th and 7th blocks for a croquet
ground for the elder members of the Club.
This was approved by the Warden and steps
are being taken to carry out the idea.

Next week blocks 1st Section—5-5 G, 7-7
G, 4 G, 3-4 B. © —B75)2.
