---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_077.jpg
---
- THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, May 9, 1917

NO. 19

FARM BILLS PROVIDE
FOR PRISON LABOR

It is announced by a Harrisburg correspon-
dent that two bills recently drafted by Wil-
liam Draper Lewis, and introduced by Rep-
resentative Walker of this city, providing
for the employment of all inmates of prisons
and jails iu Pennsylvania upon farms, as a
war measure, came before the Legislature
late last week. Judging from the the pres-
_ent agitation, it looks as though the bill will
pass. In that event it will mean approxi-
mately 8,000 men and money will be added to
the State’s army of farm workers.

It is understood thgt the bill vests the gov-
erning power of apy state or county penal
institution to lease or accept from any person,
a farm or farms, and to place upon such
farms the inmates of the prisons or jails,
who shall be under the supervision of the
warden or superintendent of the institution
or their representatives. ‘‘It also specifies
that the products of such employment of
prisoners shall be used in the institution in
which they are confined, but that any sur-
plus products may be sold for the best prices
obtainable. The Board of Inspectors or gov-
erning power is authorized to purchase or
lease the necessary farming implements or
live stock and charge same to the various
counties, pro rata, according to the number
of prisoners from each county. Moneys re-
ceived from the sale of surplus provisions
are to be applied in the reimbursement of
cost of the implements. The governing

power of the prison is also empowered to fix

compensation to be paid prisoners for their
work. -

‘It is expected that, where farms are ob-
tained at a great distance from prisons, in-
expensive shacks will be erected and furnish-
ed with cots, where the prisoners may be
housed at night. The details, however, are
left to the governing power of each prison.”

MOTION PICTURES WIN SUP-
PORT FOR HESS-WALKER BILL

Advocating more advanced treatment in
dealing with the inmates of prisons in this
state Edward H. Morrell, now prominent in
prison reform circles in this country, appear-
ed before the House of Representatives at
Harrisburg last week with a moving-picture
machine, showing the advantages of permit-
ting prisoners to engage in useful employ-
ment, instead of keeping them confined in
cells in idleness. Mr. Morrell made refer-

ence to the advisability of passing the Hess-

Walker industrial prison farms bill now be-
fore the Lagislature. . ‘‘These bills would es-

tablish six industrial prison farms in the
state to which persons convicted of minor
crimes and sentenced to county prisons would
be sent and where they could be employed
either in the fields, in dairying or in prison
factory work.

““More than a hundred legislators and sev-
eral hundred attaches watched the pictures
and listened to Morrell’s talk, after which
they discussed prison subjects with him.

“‘Morrell’s contention, in brief, backed up
by facts and experiences, is that the crimi-
nal, like any other human being, will respond
to humane feeling and fair treatment, and
will degenerate under harsh, cruel or subnor-
mal conditions.

“Representative Hess declared that Mor-
rell’s talk and his motion pictures won the
support for the prison farms bills of nearly
every legislator present, and that, in spite of
the opposition of legislative leaders to the
measure on grounds of economy, he predicted
a big vote in its favor. He said the proposed
prison farms could be made self-sustaining
within eighteen months after they are open-
ed.

MOTHER’S DAY

The people outside these walls set aside
many different dates,. to be observed in honor
of some hero or notable person worthy of the
cause, which however can not be taken ad-
vantage of owing to our present predicament,
but there is one day set aside by our Hon.
Governor Mr. Brumbaugh, Sunday, May the
13th, which is Mother’s Day. Every man and
boy confined here, as well as those that are
enjoying their liberty on the outside, away
from home 1s expected to write to hismother,
or if he should be so unfortunate as not to
have a mother alive, he should at least
give all of his thoughts to her on this day.

There are some mothers with missing sons
who will watch in vain for the postman. The
Warden has always extended the privilege to
the men who are desirous of writing to their
mother this day. —B 7685

Monday’s Game
Cubs vs. Ninth

The Cubs-Ninth game at the Garage grounds
on Monday, was the only event of the day
and it drew a large assemblage of fans to
witness a closely contested struggle for hon-
ors, as each team seemed determined to win.

Though several critical situaticns developed
during the game, no deciding run was made
and the final round left a tie to be played off
later. The plavers seemed anxious to show
their mettle by scoring a winning run, but
fortune did not favor the brave on this occa-
sion.

A GOOD DEED

One of our brothers has subscribed through
the Chaplain, for some of the Liberty Loan
of the United States. He is doing what he

can.

R e
INimth ™ e e .1 070100 .0°0:0-2 Fe-ant)
{Boh e = e (R0 0001 105002 6=

Two base hits—Chick, Boston and Mack.
Struck out—by Boyd, 10; by Mack, 7.
Umpires— Stackhouse and Barrington.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Old home day on ‘‘the Hill’” was the name
given to the outing on Saturday, and regard-
less of weather conditions, the members en-
joyed themselves. Promptly at 12:45 P. M.
the members were called forth, and quickly
falling in line of fours, with the American
flag on the lead, the large flag borne by four
members, and Di Massi with the Italian flag
floating in the breeze, a small American flag
perched on tne pole showing he is an Ameri-
can above all, then Professor Wiegandt with
the full brass band each man of whom, with
Professor Wiegandt as their leader, offered
their services to the country on Friday last.
Then the honorary members and the blocks
in order, the whole led by Vice-President
A 8432, the officers and Board of Governors.

It was a stirring sight to see them with
true martial bearing, each block’s banner
floating bravely in the air. Twice around
they went. The day was one of those dirty
wet days when the sky threatened and the
air was raw and cold. It was therefore de-
cided at the last moment to take the Hall.
The decision was made on the moment, and
therefore no arrangements for any elaborate
amusement could be made. President R. C.
McKenty explained this, and announced that
he had to call on our old friend ‘‘Curly’’ to
provide the amusement, and right royally did
““Curly’’ respond.

After Professor Wiegandt played several
patriotic airs, in which he used the American
flag as a baton, its beautiful colors waving
to and fro as he directed the band, - and dur-
ing the playing the Warden entered the Hall.

When the enthusiasm for the music had
subsided, President R. C. McKenty explained
the program, Vice-President A 8432 gave a -
few remarks and the curtain rolled up. = Im-
mediately came “‘Curly,’’ who announced that
he had to substitute one of his singers for
one who was known to all. This substitute
would sing a. solo entitled ‘‘Old Black Joe,”’
and the entire audience was expected to join
in the chorus.

(Continued on page 4.)
