---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_078.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’'s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Edltor

Phlladelphla, May 9, 1917

“As we have opportunity, let us do good
unto all men.’’

AS TO RIGHT THINKING

Right thinking makes harmonious relations
with others, and wrong thinking brings about
in most of casesour troubles. We are con-
stantly sending out either right or wrong
thoughts to others and in the degree that the
good or bad predominate, just so will our
condition in life follow.

Perhaps you may have noticed the power
of a good thought to overcome an opposite
state in an acquaintance or friend; have seen
that a few words of encouragement has the
power to dispel discouragement or depres-
sion. That is clearly the demonstration of a
good or cheering thought over a wrong or
misdirected thought.

This principle can be applied to all phases
in life, such as sickness, sorrow, or unhappi.
ness of any kind, and if we can once come
into a full understanding of the power of
gond thougats to overcome our misfortunes,
then surely we shall have open up an avenue
of escape from conditions that lead to un-
happiness and sorrow. It does not require a
tremendous mental exertion to do this. The
main thing is to make the effort. Begin by
trying. Start the day by saying, There is
something that may transpire which can
make me discontented, angry or unhappy.
I will refuse to let it upset. me. If you ad-
here to this, then you begin to have control
over your thoughts.

In the past many have thought that they
coald bz contented, good tempered, or happy
if it were not for others, but if we endeavor
to practise self-control first, the rest will
follow as a matter of course. So if our
friends and acquaintances do not happen to
conform to our wishes, it is best for us to
avoid the error of letting their misdirected
thoughts have the power to cause us any dis-
turbance, for they have no power to discon-
cert us unless we permit them. This being
true, why not begin at once to put in prac-
‘tise what we know will lead to a different
and happier trend of thought? If we believe
in the power of thought—and that is what
controls our moods, our happiness—it is

wrong for us not to apply this power for our
good and uplift.

Begin today and make new efforts at con-
trol of your thoughts. Strive to hold to the
best until we see it beginning to take form.
This will be an effort in the right direction.
If we repeat this effort constantly we will

soon be living in an atmosphere of compara--

tive peace and happiness.

USELESS ARGUMENT

Nine times out of ten, to argue with any
man on a subject that engages his emotions
is to waste breath, says a writer in the .
Y. Post, as his mind is not open to logical
persuasion. His emotions first determine his
opinion and then prompt his logical facul-
ties to devise plausible defenses for it. In
an interesting little book on the ‘‘Psychology
of Insanity,’”” Dr. Bernard Hart observes:

‘““That a man generally knows why he
thinks a certain way, and why he does certain
things is a widespread and cherished belief
of the human race. It is, unfortunately, for
the most part, an erroneous one.

““There is a thing that psychologists call a
‘complex.’” It consists of an idea charged
with emotion, and it operates as a sort of
colored screen in front of the mind. A man
whose emotions are deeply engaged on one
side or the other of this war, for example,
may think he is reasoning about it. But, in
fact, he is incapable oi reasoning, because
whatever impressions his mind receives in
that connection comes through his complex
and take its color. His logical faculties op-
erate only by way of inventing plausible de-
fenses for the judgments his emotions have
already formed. It is impossible to change
his position in any respect by reasoning, be-
cause reason can not touch his mind until his
emotions have dealt with it and made it con-
form to their color.

“‘Coinplexes play an important part in the
psychology of insanity, and every expert
knows the entire futility of trying to argue
an insane person out of any posxtlon his com-
plex has determined.

‘““Whenever you find a person with a strong
war bias that does not coincide with your
own bias, talk to him about baseball or the
crops.”’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning. :

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

answered the ex-prisoner. “Here S Wh(,I'e I
fell down and where I mean to get up.”” -

The other day some men formed an organ-
ization to advance commercial efficiency. They
were the forethinkers of the country, the
best players of a game in which stability and
honor are the basic rules; trade can not ex-
tend far beyond the limit of credit; char-
acter is essential wherever-barter exists on
a considerable scale.

The directing officers of an association
whose fortunes are predicted upon the pro-
motion of clean methods and fair dealing
must necessarily have demonstrated the pos-
session of unusual moral force.

Among the delegates were heads of cor-
porations whose trade-marks are tongue coin
throughout civilization, ex-cabinet officers,
owners of chain stores and strings of facto-
ries—all willing candidates for the presidency
of such a powerful body.

But the assembly by overwhelming vote
expressed its preference for a human dime
novel—for a bundle of steel springs whose
vehement, compelling mind had dominated
the session from the opening hour.

They chose a MAN who had long before
that day manhandled a destiny against which
a multitude has vainly battled from time im-
memorial.

They knew his past, the splendid story of
will that triumphed over error, and they
were honored to honor the courage andstrength
that accepted Fate on her own bitter terms
and forthwith beat the jade to her knees.

Straight up from the mire—out of disgrace
and doubt andprejudice—through setback and.

" rebuff—despite handicap, unbelief and sus-

THE MAN WHO CAME BACK

A prominent writer says that the most
thrilling novels are bound in man-skin. The

most amazing characters are in the moving -

pictures on the sidewalks.

Not long ago a gray-haired man walked
out of a certain state penitentiary.

The felon’s stripe was on his rame, but he
did not bury his identity under an alias in a
strange city —he went straight home to make
good where he had gone wrong.

“I’ve found a place for you in Louisville,’’
remarked one of his friends.

““‘But I didn’t make a mess of things there,’’

picion—the man who wouldn’t be scrapped
had come back.

‘Determined to surmount adverse circum-
stance, he forced society to yield place and
respect.

There is no shame attached to a past which
has been expiated by a useful and worthy
career.

Stumbles are not counted in the winning
score. A good finish erases a bad start.

Only a coward permits one mistake to junk
bis future.

—Herbert Kaufman.

Great works are performed not by strength,
but by perseverance. :
