---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_079.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

COMPENSATION FOR PRISON LABOR

The fact that a man is a convict and is
confined within the four walls of a prison
should not in ‘any way alter the economic
status of the product of his labor, says a
writer in the O. E. L. Critic. The finished
article, a pile of broken stone, a pair of shoes,
a ball of twine, is something that has a dis-
tinct value in itself which is entireiy apart
from the personal character of the man who
made it; it has no connection with the fact
that he who produced it is working in con-
finement and under guard and is unable to go
home at night. Discrimination .against prison
goods, as such, is therefore unreasonable.
An article honestly and faithfully made in
prison is just as good as one made by a free
laborer who has never broken a law and it is
much better than one dishonestly made, with
materials and workmanship not up to claims.

It is a hopeful sign that under modern
methods the old system of prison slave labor
is being done away with, and many of the
states have made provision of some kind for
compensating prisoners for at least part of
the labor they perform while confined. In
the Indiana State Reformatory, for instance,
all of the men employed in the hollow ware
factory are credited with full union wages.
Two-thirds of this is deducted for their sub-
sistence and supervision, and the rest is paid
to their dependents or given to the prisoner
himself on his release. This gives a man a
little capital to tide him over when he starts
his fight to ‘‘beat back,’’ or in the case of a
man who has a family depending on him, it
keeps the home from being broken up and
possibly his children being placed in asylums,
and gives him cne of the greatest steadying
influences he could have on his release. That
is, a home to go to, at a time when he needs
every possible encouragement in bis efforts
to make good. It will only be a matter of
time when the people will realize that in tak-
ing a year, or several years of labor without
compensation, from a man who has broken
some law, they are not benefiting themselves,
but are leaving him poor indeed. The usual
five dollars and a suit of clothes given a re-
leased prisoner, will not carry a man very
far in these days of high cost of living.

By every law of right and justice, a man
who has paid the penalty for his misdeeds,
and Lord knows the penalty is heavy enough,
should be given an even break. This he em-
phatically is not getting when he is turned
out after a year or more of work performed
for the state with only five dollars in his
pocket with which to face a hostile world.

This institution, and those at Chehalis and
Walla Walla, could furnish most of the sup-
plies, such as mattresses, printing, furniture
and machine work used in the other insiitu-
tions and offices of the state. By selling
these articles to the other institutions, at
current market prices, a fund could be cre-
ated from which a released man could be
paid a sum corresponding to the amount and

value of the work he has done. With an al-
lowance of even fifty cents a day, a man
would have enough money on his release to
give him a decent start in Jife.

This would not envolve a cent of extra ex-
pense to the tax-payers, as supplies must be
purchased somewhere. As these articles
would be under constant state supervision
during manufacture, a uniform quality of
supplies would be insured. The cost of send-
ing men back to penal institutions, who fell
again through becoming penniless, would be
saved to the state, and in this aspect alone
the compensation system would show a cash
profit for the first year. The Index.

LIFE AND THE WEAVER

Life is a woven fabric;
The pattern and web are wrought
By the dark threads and the golden
That into the loom are shot.

You can not judge God’s purpose
By the thrust of a single thread,
What to you may be dark, mysterious,
May be gloriously bright instead.

For he holds in mind a pattern
As fair as his love is strong,

Which grows each day in the weaving;
Not a single thread goes wrong.

No warp in his hands shall tangle,
No slumber his eyelids close,

We only can thwart his purpose
When our stubborn wills impose

Our tangled and broken efforts
To walk in his kind commands

Will give life an added luster
Restored by his loving hands.

So trust in the Weaver’s wisdom,
In his love and unfailing care,.
And the fabric of life completed
Some day will be wondrous fair.
—A. W. Dewar.

THE NEED OF TWO EYES

Because we have two eyes the things we
see seem solid and not flat, with the result
that we can judge their distance from us
with fair correctness. Look through the
window at a house across the street with one
eye closed; the bars of the window frame
will cut across the opposite house in different
places. The two fields seen with the eyes
separately although in the main alike, differ.
When you look, at the house with both eyes
open, the two fields seen by the two eyes are
combined and the house across the street as-
sumes depth and relief. Although we see a
house with each eye, we see only one house
with both eyes. This makes the stereoscope
possible—an instrument so designed that the
two eyes are made to converge on a single
point and yet to see two different pictures.
If these two pictures represent a chair as it
would appear to the right and left eyes, re-
spectively, they are perceived as one solid
object.

‘handed you a penny in my room.

TOOK A PENNY TIP

‘“‘About three years ago,’’ says E. M. Stat-
ler in the American Magazine, ‘‘one of the
boys in our Cleveland house was called to the
room of a Nashville, Tennessee, banker. The
boy did what he was asked to do, and did it
promptly and courteously. As he started to
leave, the banker handed him a penny. In-
stead of showing pique or surprise, the boy
quietly thanked the guest and went out, clos-
ing the door carefully. :

‘‘Five minutes later the banker came rush-
ing up to the desk. >

““‘I just called a boy to my room,’ he
exclaimed. ‘I want to see him again.” The
boy was sent for.

‘“‘A few minutes ago,’ said the banker, ‘I
I thought

it was a dime. It seemed to make no differ-

ence with you; if it had been a dollar you

couldn’t have been more courteous. Here,
take this!” and he handed the boy a five-dol-
lar bill.

““This incident supports a fact thatI try to
impress on every one who works for me, that
constant courtesy and attention to little things
will bring them success.’’ ;

WHERE THE OCEAN IS DEEPEST

A most peculiar fact about oceans of the
world is that the largest depressions are to
be found near the coast lines. The largest
of these are all in the Pacific, two of them
being near island coast lines, says the Pop-
ular Science Monthly for May. The ‘‘Swire
Deep,’’ just off the]Philippines, measures no
less than 33,000 feet from the surface of the
ocean to the bottom. This is just 3,000 feet
deeper than Mount Everest, in Asia, is high.
The ‘“‘Aldrich Deep,’’ in the South Pacific,
ranks next to this, being nearly 31,000 feet
deep. The thirdis the ‘““Tuscarora Deep,”’
near Japan, which soundings indicate to be
27,600 feet in depth. This would then make
the boettom of the Tuscarora Deep over two
and three-eights miles below the average
level of the bottom of the ocean. ey

THE TITLE OF CZAR

‘Many people have hazy views as to the
precisely correct use of the title Tsar. There
have been, from the ninth to the fifteenth
century, no fewer than forty-five ruling dukes
and grand dukes of Muscovy before Ivan
(John) I assumed the Czarian style, 1482. It
continued as the highest title till it was su-
perceded, on October 22, 1721, when Peter
the Great declared himself Emperor. It is
true that Basil V, sucessor of Ivan III, took -
the Imperial title, but Czar remained the su-
preme word for a dozen successions.  Since
then there have been ten ‘‘Emperors (and
four ruling Empresses) of all the Russias.”’

The man who is prison today may be a
millionaire ten years from now.

\
