---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_080.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
WS Pety W. L. Pet.
Cubs 08 .02 800 Ninth 05 05 500
Printers Athletics 02 08 200

05 05 500

. NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WasliasP et Wesils s Pet:
New York 09 05 643 | Cincingtti TS 58
St. Louis 1255075632 Boston 06 08 429
Chicago 14 09 609 Brooklyn 05 08 385
Phillies 08 07 533 | Pittsburg O HE 3113

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Woul - Pot. W. L., Pect.
Boston 11 04 733 | Cleveland 10 10 500
St. Louis 11 08 579 | Athletics 06 10 375
New York 09 07 563 | Detroit 06 10 375
Chicago 11 10 524 | Washingtn 06 11 353

Wednesday's Games

Cubs vs. Ninth

The Cubs—Ninth game played at the
Garage grounds on Wednesday proved very
interesting to the fans and was well played by
both teams until the last inning when fortune
favored the Cubs by the quick work of the
plays and which resulted in their scoring two
runs and winning the game. This was by far
the best played game of the season, the
players apparently being at their best.

Boyd’s work at the mound for the Cubs,
while a little uneven at times, proved effect.
iva at cricical momants and he succeeded in
striking out 11, allowing but 5 hits and 1 pass.
Mack did the honors for the Ninth in good
form, striking out 13, and allowing 7 hits; no
walks.

s H. E.
Ninth:... - DEOSOS 0RO 1RUS0=-2} 5 0
Cribsi s 10100000 2-4 7 0

Double play, Banks.
Two base hits, Lucky, Chick, and Boston.’
Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

Printers vs. Athleties

Apparently the Printers had Wednesday’s
game with the Athletics well in hand until
the seventh inning when the Athletics scored
one run, giving them new hope to forge
ahead, which was partly realized in one run
that tied the game. ;

Mooney did well in the box for the Printers,
striking out 10, passed but 3, and allowing 4
hits. Stony pitched for the Athletics, strik-
ing out 6, walking 3, and was found for 4
hits.

R. E.
Rrintersi s .. 106012900002 0
Itthiletiesia . 0R0=OR0ROSOS0 SIS0 — 288/ S ()
Two base hits, Charlie and Boilerhouse.
Double play, Spitz and Fats.

Umpires—Happy and Barrington.
(Continued from page 1.)

From the stage door, on the left, came
“Our Warden,’’ and after the great applause
ceased, the pianist (B 6252) played the pre-
lude and in no uncertain voice Warden Mec-

Kenty sang that melody dear to all hearts,
‘‘Old Black Joe.’”” The audience joined heart-
ily in the refrain and the applaus: did not
cease until the Warden obeyed the encore
and sang again, with the audience, the song
and chorus. It was a pity that the whole
world could not have been there to note how
close was the feeling between Warden and
men, what a proof it was that humane treat-
ment and a square deal is true Christianity
and bound to bring results. It’s. the small
things that really count in their effect and
produce actual results in the reform of men.

The show was a repeat on the minstrel, but
each performer did his best, and the amuse-
ment was satisfactory from every point.
Charley Winston sang the ‘‘Prison Blues,’’
(Curly’s own song) and, if anything, outdid
himself. In the Buck and Wing Dancing

during which Our Warden again showed his.

interest in things by producing a box of sand
and going on the stage sprinkled the sand on
the stage, that the dancers could get a better
action. ,

Winston took the laurels in this contest,
and take it from ‘‘Muh’’, he’s some dancer.
“Jud’’ Johnson, Will Brooks and ‘‘Josh’’
Sterling did their accustomed good work and
were each applauded. It was intended to
produce the ‘‘Honor and Friendship March,”’
a new composition by Hubert Coombs, a
young member who bids fair to some day be
heard from in the musical world. The offer
by a musical house to buy the march outright
has been refused. Walter knows a good
thing and is holding on. It will be given at
the next band concert.

Thus passed the afternoon, and while a
bright sunny day might have been more to
the taste, there is no one who was there on
Saturday but what will feel that he has a
personal friend in the ‘‘Big Boss,”” our
Warden.

There were several matters of interest
to the members during the week. The Ben-
nie Franklin Tots were in on Thursday. They
came in answer to B 7495, 6252, 4229, 3998,
8268, 6720 and 7879, seven members who pre-
sented them each with an inlaid box, the lit-
tle wee lady with a great big box, the clever
Quaker with a good size box, while the great
big lady with a wee sma’ box. Very well
pleased were they each with the box. Char-
lie, the pianist, who presented the boxes,
blushed to the few roots he has on top of his
head, when he hoped that each box would be
filled with diamonds some day. Sume speech,
Charlie

A delayed letter from the Missouri State
Penitentiary relating to information as to
forming an honor system, which is being
formed in that institution, was received and
answered, due emphasis being made on the
regret that was felt at the delay.

Letters to the Club from fellows who have
gone out are always welcome, and when we

hear of a member who has gone, we all feel

gratified. Such news as this was received
last week, and good luck is with him.

We expected to receive a few notes from
the H. F. C. Ladies” Auxiliary of the 2nd
Block this week, stating the opinions of the
minstrel show. Don’t be afraid of Pete, la-
dies. He’s harmless and won’t bite.

The Vice-President was happy to be able to
dispose of some of the fine handiwork for
the Ladies’ Auxiliary. Any way in which
the Club can help becomes a pleasure.

The Club is getting closer together every
day. One of the delegates was pardoned
last week, and another good fellow who went
away some time since, called on President R.
C. McKenty with the request for a loan of
$25.00 to buy needed instruments with which
to follow his profession. It was granted,
and another good fellow has a start.

The Secretary of the Prisoners’ Aid Soci-
ety made a call on the Secretary of the Hon-
or and Friendship Club and discussed ways
and means for the two organizations to get
together and jointly assist men, both inside
and out. A lengthy discussion was given the
details of a paper prepared by the Prisoners’
Aid Society Secretary relating to the legisla-
tion known as the One-Third Bill, and sug-
gestions from the prisoners’ point of view
were given and accepted and changes made
in accordance. The Secretary of the P. A.
S. was open to argument and absolutely
fair, and listened attentively to every sug-
gestion.

Each member should feel elated over this
notice and acknowledgment of the good be--
ing performed by the Club.

At the last meeting of the Board of Dele-
gates there were fourteen applicants for
membership who were made members. Of
these ten were new members, three were
returned parole violators, ard one who had
been released on pardon. The population c¢n
Saturday was—

MALE 1417
FEMALE 27
ToTAL 1444

The Tth Block was the best marching block,
with the 4th Block close second.
Next week, May 12th, Second Section—10-
11-6-6 G, 12-12-1-2 G, 8-9-1st blocks.
—B 752.

Thursday’s Game
Athletics vs. Printers.

The tie game of Wednesday between the
Athletics and Printers was played off at the
Storehouse grounds on Thursday and resulted
in a victory for the Athletics. It is evident
that the Printers are weak in wielders of the
stick and- the manager is considering the
advisability of having an eye test applied to
his players.

Ret SEL R
IReiniter s 000211000—4 .5 0
Alethies. ... ... ONOROE293 B ROROR0 =68 5.

Two base hits, Baum, Evans and Fats.
Umpires—Happy and Barrington.

LOST—A pair of bodkin tweezers; reward.
Please return to B 6789, 12th Block.
