---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_081.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1 :

Philadelphia, May 16, 1917

NO. 20

H. F. C. ASSISTANCE

Among other matters which the officers of
Honor and Friendship Club are called on to
answer are the remarks of some disgruntled
applicant for assistance. Of course they
know that a member who thinks he will put
one over and get away with a piece of change
has a grouch when he learns that his hopes
have been destroyed, but he should be a good
sport and say ‘‘caught with the goods,’” “‘cop
a plea,’’ and say nothing.

Illustrating, this last week an application
for assistance was received by the Secretary
who cailed on the applicant with the printed
form for answers. This was as follows (with
the name and number klank): Married? No.
Family? None. Where sent from? Scran-
ton. Date of release? May— . Where do
you propose to go? Philadelphia. Who is
your sponsor? Mr. Dipple. Have you any
money? Yes. How much? §1.75. How
much gate money? $10.00. How much money
do you request the Club to loan you? $20.00.
When can you repay it? September 1st.
Will you sign a paper to repay the money?
Yes. Further questioning developed that the
man had served five years of a three to ten-
year sentence, charged with pendering. Had
no home, nor any clothes except a new suit
and the clothes he wore in.

This application explained in detail is for
example. Here’s a man with a sponsor, who
will care for him until he secures work. Two
suits of clothes, one new and the other at
least fit to work in, going out to his freedom
with $11.75 in his pocket, and yet wanted to
take $20.00 from the ones left behind. What
for? Is there any need he could have, single,
young, healthy and strong, that would re-
quire $20.00 of our hard gathered money? A
little investigation found he bhad been smok-
ing a box of cigars each week while here,
paying good money for them, and other small
luxuries had been indulged in with a real
gentleman’s lack of care for the morrow. It
is needless to guide the mind to the different,
thoughts that came to the Board of Govern-
ors’ minds when the application was read.
Also it is needless to say that this man was
refused assistance. He was refused without
any consideration and the Club serves notice
that any application of a like nature is sure
of refusal. If a member leaving is in need
and worthy of assistance it is a pleasure to
aid him and the Club’s treasury is for that
purpose-

The assistance is in the form of a loan.
Each one assisted, if it is possible, should re-
pay the loan. We do not ask a man to de-
prive himself to repay the Club, that is left
to him, but he must be worthy of assistance

and his sincerity of purpose must pass the
scrutiny of the Secretary, the Board of Gov-
ernors, and the President to be able to handle
the Club’s mcney. —B 7542, Secretary.

NOTICE

Owing to the charges on magazines being
raised, the prices of the Circulating Library
may advance at any time.

—B 7364, Librarian H. F. C.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Cubs vs. Ninth

The Cubs—Ninth met at the Garage
grounds to play off the tie game. It result-
ed in a whitewash for the Ninth, by their
opponents, who seemed to have the game in
their hand from the start. Jordan disported
himself by two difficult catches which won
the applause of the fans and featured the
game. Harvey, pitching for the Cubs, was
good, his curves puzzling the Ninth’s stick-
men and rating up 11 strikeouts with but 2

hits. Jacoby pitched for the Ninth and was
found for 6 hits; walking 5.

R H R
Ninthisa el 01000610 050:0—0 ¢ 2 ¥ 1
Cubs Sy s, 0£052 405005 082=-51 16 e ()

Double play, Banks.

Doubles, Harvey, Jordan, Boyd and Shee-
han.

Umpires—Jimmie and Barringten.

Printers vs. Athletics

The postponed Printers-Athletics game
was played off at the Storehouse grounds on
Tuesday and resulted in a victory for the
Printers by the score of 2—1. Things looked
favorable for the Athletics until the seventh
inning, when Baum came in with winning
vim. Mooney’s pitching for the Printers
was fairly effective, with 10 strikeouts, 1
walk, and 4 hits allowed. Stony pitched his
last game for the Athletics in fine form pre-
vions to his departure for home.

R Hoasl,
Printersi - d0R0R050: 02081 S0=3 "8 Shis 0
Athletics ... .. 000100000-1 4 O
Doubles — Evans, Mooney, Stump, and
Hagy.

Double play— Lee.
Umpires—Stackhouse and Ty Cobb.

Wednesday's Games

Athletics vs. Cubs
Wednesday’s game at the Storehouse be-
tween the Athletics ard Cubs was rather one
sided owing to Cubs’ batsmen being unable
to solve Rabbie’s curves. While the Cubs

tried hard to break their opponents’ lead,
luck seemed against them and the final inn-
ing left the Athletics the victors by a ccore
of 4—1. Rabbie pitched good ball for his
first game of the season, striking out 5 and
allowing but 2 hits. Banks’ pitching arm
did not have its usual skill, as he was found
for 5 hits, walked 2 and struck out 5.

. RasH T
Athletics........ 13 0:0:00 00 0—4 565550
Cubst: s S 0: 070207050 0F0B1== 182 St

Doubles—Lucky and Charlie.
Umpires—Ty Cobb and Stackhouse.

Ninth vs. Printers

The game played at the Garage grounds on
Wednesday, between the Ninth and Printers
appeared to be in the control of the Ninth
from the start, though the Printers tried to
‘“bring home the bacon.”” Mack pitched his
best game this season, striking out 10, with
but 6 finds. Hagy’s ‘‘straight’> was found
for 8 hits, though he struck out 9. Two were
passed to first on balls.

Boston’s home run for the Ninth featured
the game, to the delight of the fans.

RS
NI SN 1020110005 8 0
Brinters i 02405020815 0508 =5 E]. 0

Home run, Boston.

Doubles, Bobbie 2, Boston, Jake, Spookie,
Spitz, Stump and Tonjy.

Double play, Tony.

Umpires—dJimmie and Barrington.

Thursday’s Games
Ninth vs. Cubs.

The Ninth had their revenge on the Cubs
at Thursday’s game on the Garage ground,
by serving a shut-out to their opponents.
Boyd’s pitching arm was not ingood working
order and he was relieved in the sixth round
by Harvey, who finished in the box for the
Cubs. Mack proved fitness by pitching a
tight game for the Ninth, striking out 10,
with but 1 hit and 1 walk allowed. The game

was too one-sided to please the fans. Bos-
ton’s home run featured.

Ry Hase
Ninth. 0707150 2700 0 3 " Eas)
Cubss. sty 0:00000000—0 1 V0

Home run, Boston. '

Doubles, Bobbie, Jake and Boston.

Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.
Printers vs. Athletics

Thursday’s game at the Storehouse grounds
appeared to be in the Printers’ hands from
the start, owing to the inability of the Ath-
letics’ batsmen to find the ball, and Charlie’s
poor work in the box. Silly pitched a fairly
good game for the Printers, striking out 6,

(Continued on page 4.)
