---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_083.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

CONCERNING THE INDETERMINATE
SENTENCE

By A. H. Votaw, Sec’y The Pennsylvania
Prison Society

No state has up to date enacted a law pro-
viding for an absolutely indeterminate sen-
tence as a penalty for crime.

Under those conditions the function of the
Court would be purely judicial. The Judge
or jury would decide whether a defendant
was guilty as charged in the indictment.
The prisoner, if found guilty, would be con-
signed to administrative officials who should
determine how long he should be detained.
They would be supposed to retain the crim-
inal until they believe he is ready to resume
the duties of citizenship.

In 42 states we find some form of the inde-
terminate sentence.

In nearly all the states a definite or flat
sentence is subject to commutation for good
behavior.

In fourteen states the minimum is placed
at one year, after which time the prisoner is
eligible for parole. There may be some ex-
ceptions, as in the case of life sentences.

In nearly one-third of the states, inclusive
of Pennsylvania, both maximum and mini-
mum sentence is at the discretion of the
Court. Admitting that various degrees of
malevolence are manifest in the commission
of a crime of the same name, this system
has brought about much dissatisfaction, re-
sulting, as it has, often in ridiculously in-
equitable sentences. Hence a majority of
the states where there is some form of the
indeterminate sentence place some limit on
the minimum. It may be one-third, or one-
half, or two-thirds of the maximum. The
minimum may not be less less than six
months, or one year, or two years. The
minimum may vary with the crime. Life
sentences may have a minimum of five
years, seven years, eight years, thirteen
years, fifteen years, or sixteen years.

In states where a probation law is in force
the convicted man may be said to be eligible
for parole at once. ;

Enough has been said to indicate that
there are almost infinite varieties of the in-
determinate sentence and the parole privi-
lege. |

The first law of the kind in Pennsylvania,
excepting for the Reformatory at Hunting-
ton, was enacted in 1909. The Pennsylvania
Prison Society, the Catholic Society for Vis-
iting Prisoners and a special committee col-
laborated in the preparation of a bill which
was passed by a large majority in the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania. In this bill the min-
imum was placed at one-fourth the maxi-
mum.

Many Judges of the state found the pro-
visions of this bill unsatisfactory to them.
They insisted that the determination of the
sentence was exclusively a judicial function.
Through their influence, an amendment to

‘THE SONG OF LIFE

ﬁr et me go where’er I will
‘l I I hear a sky-born music still:

It sounds from all things old,
It sounds from all things young, ‘
From all that’sfair, from all that’sfoul,
Peals out a cheerful song.
It is not only in the rose,
It is not only in the bird,
Not only where the rainbow glows,
Nor in the song of woman heard,
But in the darkest, meanest things
There alway, alway something sings.
’Tis not in the high stars alone,
Nor in the cups of budding flowers,
Nor in the redbreast’s mellow tone.
Nor in the bow that smiles in showers,
But in the mud and scum of things
There alway, alway something sings.

— Emerson.

the law was passed in 1912 placing the deter-
mination of both the maximum and mini-
mum at the discretion of the Court. The
Pennsylvania Prison Society implored the
Assembly that the 1909 law be tested by an
experience of a few more years, but their
efforts were unavailing. The amendment
prevailed. The Judges recognized the prin-
ciple of the indeterminate sentence, but .in-
sisted that the Court, not any other tribu-
nal, should place the limits.

Powerful influences prevented attempts to
change the law of 1911 in the legislatures of
1913 and 1915. Meanwhile the reports of the
Pennsylvania Prison Society inveighed against
the iniquity of the system. We have never
cast any reflections on the judiciary of the
Commonwealth. The Judges are men of
high repute as jurists, but an inspection of
sentences convinces a thoughtful person that
the various Judges differ considerably in the
application of the law. The time has seem-
ed ripe in this year of 1917 to make another
effort to secure some change in the senten-
cing of prisoners so that our system may cor-
respond with modern ideals. Our Committee
had the subject under consideration, and aft-
er consultation with Mr. Walker, of this
city, introduced in the House the bill which
our Acting Committee fully endorsed. This
bill has passed in the House by a large ma-
jority and is now being considered in the
Senate Judiciary Committee. This amend-
ment provides that the minimum shall not
be more than one-third the maximum. When
a judicious Board has decided that a prisoner
is supposed to discharge the duties of a good
citizen, we think he should not be detained
a moment longer. Our Society would en-
trust to a competent Board the entire deter-
mination of the time when a prisoner should

be released. However, in all reformatory
measures it seems necessary to make some
kind of apparent - compromises with con-
servatism. Hence, in 1911 it was a sort
of concession to the judicial authorities that
we accepted the fraction ‘‘one-fourth” the
maximum.

STORES IN BURMA

You may walk through the muddy old mar-
kets of Rangoon for hours at a time or
through the bazaar at Mandalay without any
of the salespeople taking the slightest notice
of you as a possible purchaser of their wares.
The dear little ladies sit crosslegged upon
long tables in front of the high cupboards
containing their goods. They are placidly
smoking or chatting or painting their faces
or braiding their hair. They are not attend-
ing to their business in the least.

It requires a great effort to get a Burmese
shopwoman (they are nearly all women) to
show you her silks, and when at last she has
spread her merchandise broadcast upon the
table and you are reveling in the illusion that
you are living in the middle of a rainbow,
with a chance of holding fast to some of its
colors, she will ask her price, which is seldom
more than a rupee too much, and will stick to
it like glue. :

She is an indolent lady in many ways, who
loves a quiet life, and she has determined
that her most comfortable course is not to
haggle in the market place. So you may
make up your mind that bargaining and per-
suasion are useless arts to practise in Burma,
however valuable they may be elsewhere.

THE ANTIQUITY OF ENGRAVING

Gems were engraved at a very early pe-
riod of the world’s history. The very oldest
specimen of this art in existence is believed
to be a square signet of yellow jasper en-
graved in year‘of 1450 B. C. and now in the
British museum. The engraving upon it is a
fair picture of the horse of Amenophis II,
and the characters underneath have been de-
ciphered as being the names and titles of
that monarch.

DANA’S TEN BOOKS

Charles A. Dana once made a list of ten
‘“‘indispensable books.”” They are the Bible,
Shakespeare, th: Declaration of Indepen-
dence, the Constitution of the United States,
Bancroft’s ‘‘History of the United States,”’
Irving’s “‘Life of Washington,”” Franklin’s
“Autobiography,’”” Channing’s ‘‘Essay on
Napoleon Bonaparte,”” Gibbon’s ‘‘Decline
and Fall of the Roman Empire’’ and Tarbell’s
“Early Life of Lincoln.”’

CANALS OF VENICE

The canals of Venice are a part of the
Adriatic sea. The city is built on 118 small
islands or shoals in the gulf of Venice. These
islets are connected by several hundred bridges
and the direction of the canals, of which
there are nearly 200, are so formed as to
constitute the ‘“‘highways.’”” Thus it is due
to the situation of this city and not to special
intention of man that it has canals instead of
paved streets.
