---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_084.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. Wi LI Pet:
Cubs 10 04 714 Printers 07 08 466
Ninth 09 06 600 Athletics 03 Wil D15
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
WSl Pets W. L. Pect
New York 13 06 684 Boston 08 10 444
Chicago 19 09 679 Cincinatti 1288160429
Phillies 12 08 600 Pittsburg (RS 7320
St. Louis- L3NNI )5 65 Brooklyn 05 14 263
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
Wi D Pets WPt
Boston 15 07 - 682 St. Louis 1413516
" New York 13. 09 591 | Detroit 100 140417,
Chicago 17 12 586 | Washingt'n 08 16 333
Cleveland 1Tl S R 5677 ’ Athletics 0TS 5N S1S

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The bevy of visitors, including the pretty
gowned ladies, who assembled at the exit on
Saturday afternoon to watch the ‘‘Robert J.
McKenty Reserves,”” otherwise known as
the 2nd Section H. F. C., march past in re-
view were unanimous in the opinion of one,
‘“What a shame; such a fine body of men,
and they march so well! Why couldn’t they
go forth and enlist, when the country is call-
ing for men?’’ Unaware of this compli-
mentary talk the men swung past, eyes left
and hats doffed in salute, as - the visitors un-
covered in the presence of ‘‘Old Glory.’’ The
procession halted before the Warden, Presi-
dent R. C. McKenty and the visitors, while
Professor Wiegandt gave a concert march,
the band performing ‘‘Stars and Stripes
Forever.’”” It finished, and again the march
was taken up and it was a gala day for all,
marching twice around the grounds to finally
pass in review before the officers and Board
of Governors of the Club, to decide as to
which block marched the best. There was a
marked improvement in the line this week.
The 12th, 11th and 6th galleries were excep-
tionally good, but when the 1st came by,

which, by the way, was last in line, there

was nothing left to think about but the fine
marching and perfect line-up, and the award
went to them. Several times the onlookers
applauded these fine marchers, and by right
of merit the 1st Block is the banner march-
ing block at this date. Sy

Di Massi had all the Itallan contingent
march together after the beautiful Italian
flag, and as their Captain, Di Massi made a
hit. Our old friend Dan the Clown had a
prominent place in the parade. In his hu-
morous clown suit, with a drum ‘major’s
staff, he led the band, his comical ‘gestur‘eq
giving many laughs. Instead of using grease
paint to mark his face, some one used paint
from the paint shop, and Dan had some
trouble in removing it. The beautiful Amer-
ican flag that led the procession was bought
by the individual members of the Tth Block
with contributions; and while it is the prop-

. and encourage the ones left behind.
-who left March 380th, and 'is making good,

erty of the members of the H. F. C. of the

7th Block and not the property of the Club, it
isunderstood that it will be carried each week
by a member of the 7th, so we will see its
dear old stars and stripes in the parade when-
ever we are there. A member of the 8th
Block was heard to say, ‘“That’s nothing;

. just wait until you see ours.’” All right, 8th,

we wait; make good.

The game that followed the march was be-
tween the Gardeners and the Coalyard Cubs,
and at times there was good bali played. The
score was 6 to 4 in favor of the Gardeners..
Then a scrub game was played, which ended

- with the bugle calling the pleasure-seekers

to quarters.

While the game was in progress the band
opened the concert season on the band stand
erected on the 6th Block lawn. Several new
members were on the program,among which
were ‘‘U. S. National March,’’ ‘“The Nation-
al Emblem,’’ and other patriotic airs were
enjoyed, the whole repertoive of Professor
Wiegandt being filled with patriotic music of
some kind.

One was reminded of a country fair, watch-
ing the fellows here and there walking back
and forth while ‘“‘Little Harry,”’” from the
7th Gallery, with a true fair fakir ‘‘spiel”’
was urging the erowds to buy his little flags,
while slipping an occasional sleight of hand
trick to hold his crowd. Other fellows were
plying the wares they had made during the
week, and while the sales were not big, very
little (if any) money was seen to change
hands, the whole gave color to the scene and
lifted the mind from both condition and en-

vironment. Vice-President A 8432 was in ev-

idence with a word of advice here and a re-
mark there. He can’t get over pinning those
buttons on the Ladies’ Auxiliary, and when
you put up two fingers Pete blushes. Sam

had hola of the drum sticks in the concert

and sat beside ‘‘Curly,’”’” both with their
drums. Bye the by, get a lock at that sculp-
tor stuff “‘Curly’’ is pulling off. “Gon-na,
start a school; we hear of so lots of students,
‘Curly:

There has been much during the week to
encourage the ‘meémbers of the Club. Four
members (B 7906, 7907, 8235 and 8251) all

have left on parole with the good wishes of

all and the hope that they will make good

sent back the $2.50 the Club loaned him,
with best wishes to the members. This is the
Xind of news the Club likes to publish.

We hope in the near future to make public
news that will cheer the heart of every mem-
ber. Let every one push his little pound and
boost. Never lose sight of the fact thatit is
to the Warden we owe our privileges, be justly
thankful for what we have, show it; and
more will follow.The populatlon on Sunday
was Male, 1423; Females 28. Total,
Last Number, B 8710.

Saturday, May 19th,1st Sec. 5G- 7. 7G. 4G
4. 5-3. ' —B75/2;

B 6084,

1451.

( ébhtinued from page 1.)
and allowing but 4 hits. The double play by
Baum, and the three-base hit by Charlie
featured the game.

RS H SR
Printerg. ... 0:1:2°0.2 000 x-=5"1T3 80
Athletics..... 01 “120707°0: 0-0+0-—25 S LS

Three base hits, Charlie.

Double play, Baum.

Doubles, Hagy 2, Silly 2 and B 8374.
Umpires—Ty Cobb and Stackhouse.

Friday’s Games
Ninth vs. Printers

The Garage grounds game on Friday be-
tween the Ninth and Printers seemed all one
way until the sixth inning, when the Print-
ers made a sharp spurt and brought in three
runs with two runs in the next round. The
effort’to make good came too late, however,
the game ending in a score of 8—6 in favor
of the Ninth. The game developed a number
of unusual features that amused the fans and
caused several changes in the field. ‘Hagy’s
pitching was pie for the Ninth’s batsmen,
who found him for 11 hits. He was relieved
in the fifth inning by Toney, who finished
the game. Mack opened at the mound for
the Ninth and did not stay long being, reliev-
ed in the fifth frame by Boston, who in turn
was replaced by Jacoby in the sixth. From
all accounts it was ‘‘some game

R CH et

NIt b 3005000 0°0—8 1380

Printersis s 00010003 2—6 RN
Three base hits, Boston, Spookie, Tony and

‘B 8374.

Doubles, Mack, Jacoby and Stump.
Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

Cubs vs. Athletics

Itwas a closely contested game between
the Cubs and Athletics that was played at
the Storehouse grounds on * Friday and un-
doubtedly resulted in a tie 'had not Chick "
made a good steal home for the Cubs in the
last round and winning the game. Harvey
pitched for the Cubs until the fourth inning
when he was relieved by Boyd who proved
effective. The Athletics’ new man Charlie
bids well for future showing and showed his
mettle while on the mound, to advantage.

~ R. H. E.
Athletics..0 0200010 0—3 3 0
Gubsriinsse 001200001—-4 5 1

Doubles, Harvey, Banks, Charlie and B
3343.

Struck out by Harvey, 5, by Boyd, 3, by
Charlie, 9.
Umplres——Ty Cobb and Stackhouse

Owing to lack of space Monday’s games
will be published in our next issue.

On account of the scarcity of print paper
the boys are requested not to destroy their
UMPIRE until it has been read by the other
fellow.
