---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_085.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, May 23, 1917

NO. 21

MUSIC AND SONG BY
THE ORPHEUS CLUB

The annual visit of the Orpheus Club to
this institution occurred on May 14, giving
rare joy to the hearts of the inmates. Ar-
thur Woodruff ‘wielded the baton as leader,
while Ellis Clark Hammann presided at the
piano. The ‘‘Road to Mandalay,”” by Oley
Sparks, was first sung, in which Noah Swayne,
Jr., carried the solo part with a fine, even
voice. This was followed by ‘‘The Briar
Rose,’’ ‘““Rolling Down to Rio’’ and ‘‘Lightly
Flitted Around the Rose,’’ with Phillip War-
ren Cooke as soloist. Prolonged applause
followed the rendition of the numbers, the
final piece sung being ‘‘The Viking Song.”’

One of the features of the afternoon not
on the program, was the bringing out of the
inmate Catholic Choir to sing the ‘‘Credo
from Le Jeal’s Mass’’ in D, the E. S. P. or-
chestra assisting. This proved a surprise
“hit”’ to the club members and guests. As
a final it was suggested by the President of
the Orpheus, Alexander Van Rensselaer, that
all present join in singing ‘‘The Star Span-
gled Banner,”” which was carried out with
ringing enthusiasm, to the delight of all.

Philadelphia, May 18, 1917.
To the Officers and Members of the Honor
-and Friendship Club.
Dear Friends:

We, the girls of the 2nd
Block, wish to extend to you our sincere and
heartfelt thanks for the entertainment fur-
nished to us recently. = Words can not ex-
press to you our high appreciation of this
courtesy which was extended to us and we
congratulate you most cordially on the ex-
cellent result of the same.

We also take this opportu-
nity of offering to you our assistance in any
way in which we may be of any help to you
in the uplift of your Club; we are always will-
ing and ready to help.

Recently we learned that the
mother of one of our girls was greatly in
need of help, so it was decided to take up a
collection for her benefit. The result was
most gratifying, the sum of three dollars and
fifty cents having been collected and pre-
sented to her.

With best wishes for the fu-
ture welfare and success of your Club, we
are

Sincerely yours,
Freida Trost.
Maria Smothers.
Mrs. Boal, Matron.
Per Mrs. R. C. McKenty,
Representative Delegate.

-

A NEST IN THE PRISON WALL

Pray little bird, why chose ye wall so grim
Whereon to build your nest?

Why not the maple there, whose leafy limb
Could offer shelter best?

For have ye thought what other side reveals
Of grim and shadowy life

Where no bright beam of yonder sun e’er

steals

To banish sordid strife?

Without, high in the prison’s ninch’d wall
Your tiny young you rear;
While just within, the prisoner, though
loud he call,
No friendly ear could hear.
Your little wings that carry you afar
Mean freedom over all;
The prisoner beats his hands against the
bar—
No help comes at his call.

Alas! that man with soul should crime com-
mit
And pine in dreary cell!
While all without is cheerful, bright, sunlit,
Within s living hell.
Come, little bird, so free, so happy, take
A message o’er the wall
Which may perchance one’s soul-thirst
gently slake—
“God watches over all.”’
May 18, 1917. —Mary Allen Caley.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Monday’s Games
Ninth vs. Printers

Monday’s game at the Garage grounds
opened with Mooney in the box for the
Printers and it was expected that he would
come out in good form, but his curves were
not effective, with the result that he passed
six to first base, with 7 strikeouts and 4
hits. Mack’s work on the mound for the
Ninth proved more effective, with 7 strike-
outs, no walks and but 4 hits. The game
was called after the fifth inning, the score
being 4—2 in favor of the Ninth.

RoaH o ol
Nintho. .0 022000000—4 4 O
002000000-2 4 O

and B 8374.
Umpires—Ty Cobb and Stackhouse.

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Storehouse game on Monday between
the Cubs and Athletics did not progress far
enough for the players to get warmed to the
game, being called after the fourth round,
with a tie to play off later. Boyd pitched

for the Cubs, striking out 7, allowing 2 hits
and 2 passes. Russell was at the mound for

the Athletics, striking out 4, with one walk
and 4 hits allowed.

R.H. =E:
Athletics.....2.100000000-1 2 0
Cabserole 1000000001 2 O

Two-base hits—Davis, Lucky, Mikie and
Russell.
Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

Wednesday’s Games
Ninth vs. Athletics

Wednesday’s game at the Storehouse be-
tween the Ninth and the Athletics proved an-
other whitewash for the latter club. Russell’s
poor work in the box proved disastrous for
the Athletics, giving their opponents a lead
that won the game. He was replaced in the
third round by Charlie, who finished the game,
striking out 5, with one walk and 2 hits al-
lowed. Jacoby pitched an even game for his
team, striking out 10, and allowing but one
pass and one hit.

R, Hi &1
Ninths 255 8321000000—-6 3 O
Athletics........ 0000000000 1 1
Two-base hits—Spookie, Mack and Softcoal.
Umpires—Jimmy and Barrington.
Cubs vs. Printers

The Cubs were masters of the field in their
game with the Printers at the Garage
grounds on Wednesday and shut their oppo-
nents out of making a run. Harvey was on
the mound for the Cubs and kept the Print-
ers’ batsmen guessing, striking out 11, al-
lowing but 8 hits, with no walks. Tony’s
curves were ineffectual and he was found
for 10 hits, and passed one to first base,
while only 4 strikeouts were tallied.

The home runs of Boyd and Sheehan fea-
tured the game.

R. Heav 1
Printers.....0 000 0 0 0 0 0—0 3 0
Gubsiaisy 30100000 3—-7 10 0

Three-base hits—Jordan and Hagy.
Two-base hits—Chick and Boyd.
Umpires—Rabbie and Slim.

‘Tuesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Cubs-Athletics tie game was played
off at the Storehouse grounds on Tuesday, at
which the Cubs made a clean walk-over, to
the sorrow of their opponents. Boyd pitched
an even game for his club, striking out 5,
with 1 pass and 3 hits allowed. Rabbie’s
curves were pie for the Cubs’ batsmen, who
found him for 13 hits. He struck out 8 and

(Continued on page 4.)
