---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_087.jpg
---
3

THE UMPIRE

3

M
M

PRISONER WRITES SONGS

Housed on oneof the galleries at a distance
from the rotunda of the great penal institu-
tion and unable to see the vocalists and mu-
sicians, a non-Catholic prisoner, sentenced to
¢‘solitary confinement,”” who composed the
lines, ‘On Hearing St. Stephen’s Choir,”’
published in The Catholic Standard and Times
on October 7, 1916, attuned his lyre and broke
forth into song last Sunday afternoon while
listening to a concert given under the aus-
pices of the American Society for Visiting
Catholic Prisoners by the Ladies of San Do-
mingo Choral inthe Eastern State Peniten-
tiary, Twenty-first Street and Fairmount
Avenue. The concert was voted a success
and won the plaudits of the inmates.

The verses were inspired by whistling solos
by Miss Loretta McCann to a piano accom-
paniment. They are as follows:

“TURN BACK‘THE UNIVERSE AND
GIVE ME YESTERDAY.”

O yesterday! O yesterday!

Will memory never die?
To shamed, expectant, eager gaze

What ghosts go trooping by.
Ghosts of the loved ones lost or dead;
Ghosts of the happy days long fled;
Whispers of words we left unsaid:

They come to smile, or leer,

They bring regret or cheer.
But oh, the tightening of the throat,
Responsive to that dying note

Of yesterday!

“WHEN YOU AND I WERE YOUNG,
MAGGIE.”’

Oh! gay it is, and sweet it is,
And soft and tender, too.
And oh, bow it brings back to us
The golden days we knew. :
And all the dark and dreary days;
The uphill, long and weary ways;
Have vanished in a golden haze,
Of your sweet magic born.
The tinsel long outworn,
Is bright and gleaming gold again,
And glitters as it glittered then,
When you and I were young.

«THE END OF A PERFECT DAY.’"

The sunshine seemed a bit more bright;
The skies a deeper blue,
And many a weary heart was light
Just for the hearing you.
You whistled us back from the deeper mire:
Back ‘o the land of our Heart’s Desire,
And kindled anew the dying fire,
That once had flamed so high,
And gave new strength to try.
To be staunch and true to the best in.us,

However the world be testing us, “

s the End of a Perfect Day.

“THE LAST ROSE OF SUMMER.”’

There’s a Last Rose of Summer
In the hearts of us all;
Oh! the times without number ;

It has threatened to fall:
Leaving all cold and desolate
The heart that once was elate

With love and joy: Still daring Fate

To strike once more,
- Though still full sore;
Is redolent with scents of June
And glorious with nascent bloom
Of that Last Rose.

The members of the choral were directed
by Dr. Joseph P. Burns. Miss McCann was
the accompanist. The program follows:
““The Mariners,’’ Randegger; ‘‘Song at Sun-
rise,”” Manney; ‘‘Dance Song,’’ Von Wein-
zierl; ““The Palms,’’ Faure; "‘Absent,’” Met-
calf-Lynes; ‘‘The Two Marionettes,’” Cooke;
“‘Swing Song,’” Lohr; and ‘“‘Dutch Dolls,”’
Ostlere. —8266.

MOTHER’'S DAY

I can hear my mother weeping,
Her tears are trickling fast,

She sits in a corner thinking,
When she kissed me last.

She wishes to kiss me now,
She wants to see me I know,
Her heart is filled with sorrow,
And her tears continually flow.

Oh, how sweet is her love,
Her kindness and all the rest
She taught me of God above,
Since I was on her breast.

When I think of my dear mother,
My heart commences to pain,

I feel so pensive and bothered,
That I am unable to explain. -

Oh, if I only knew :
The day when I left her alone,

I on account of my youth didn’t know,
What was meant by mother’s love.

I will now go back home,
To my beloved mother far away;
" Never again will leave her alone,
Don’t forget Mother’s Day.

Composed by J.C. B. 799.
AZTEC CUSTOMS

The religion of the ancient Mexicans seems
to have been characterized throughout by a
peculiar bloodthristiness, involving constant
human sacrifice. This trait is even exhibited
in connection with the burial of their dead.
The feast of the dead was celebrated after
this fashion: ‘“They took a fagot of ocotl,
which in Spain would be pitech-wood, and
they dressed it up in blanket or dress. If the
dead person had been a woman, they dressed
the fagot in her petticoats and put it in
front of cooking-pots and other household
utensils. If the dead person had been a
chief and a valiant man, they dressed the
fagot in a rich mantle and waist-cloth and
labret and gave it a handful of pitch-wood.
The labret was made of a piece of amber or
crystal. This, which they were accustomed
to wear when they drank or danced in their
native ceremonies, hung down from a hole

pierced through the lip. They seated the im-
age on a sleeping-mat, and they put there
much food, and they invited the principal
men there. Then they yut fire to the pitch-
wood, and everything which tkey had put
there burned up.’”” The custom of burning
up an image, together with offerings for the
dead, was not only found among the Aztecs,
but is also common among the Indians of
California today.

CONTENTED PRISONERS

The following letter recently appeared in
the columns of the Public Ledger, which
would indicate that the great question of
outside work for prisoners is gaining the
sympathy of serious minded people, who re-
alize the great economic loss due to present
methods of holding men in enforced idleness,
which impairs the strength of both mind and
body, and which could otherwise be turned
to good account by placing state prisoners at
work in the rural districts.

The writer says: ‘‘Your article on ‘Farm
Work for Prisoners’ interested me very
much. While waiting for an electric train
in Camden, a number of men came up the
steps. All were dressed in army blue, and 1
asked an attendant at the station whether
they were soldiers. He said they were pris-
oners on the way to Leesburg to work on
farms and roads, and had come from the
state prison at Trenton. We waved them a
good-by; they all waved back and looked hap-
py and contented. Whatever their crimes,
the chance to work in the great outdoors
will certainly help them to be better men
and more able to support their families or
themselves when they are released.’’

THE KEY OF TIBALDO

The ‘key of death’’ is a large key which
is shown among the weapons at the arsenal
at Venice. It was invented by Tibaldo, who,
disappointed in love, designed this instru-
ment for the destruction of his rival. The
key is so constructed that the handle may be
turned around, revealing a small spring,
which being pressed a very fine needle is
driven with considerable force from the oth-
er end. This needle is so very fine that the
flesh covers over the wound immediately,
leaving no mark, but the death of the victim
is almost instantaneous.

PATRIOTIC ADVICE

Don’t get in heated arguments.

Den’t keep asking the orchestra to play
“‘Star Spangled Banner.”” If you feel that
way about it, go up and enlist as soon as the
Board of Pardons grants your application.

Don’t try to explain what the President
should have done. Cheer what he is doing.

Don’t peddle rumors! Make at least a
little effort to ascertain what truth there is
in a story before you repeat it.

Rumors incite disorder and excite people!

In short, keep your shirt on!
