---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_088.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

#—_—————_——“
e — e e eSS S S e St S e e S e s T

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W1 Bct. W. L. Pect.
Cubs 13 05 722 Printers 08 10 444
Ninth 12 06 667 Athletics 03 15 167
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W, L. Pct. W. L. Pect
New York 16 08 667 Cincinatti 14 19 424
Phillies 17 09 654 Boston 09 15 375
Chicago 22 25 64T, Brooklyn 09 15 875
St. Louis 15 13 536 Pittsburg 10 21 323
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
W.: L. Pet: W. L. Pet
Boston 18 10 643 St. Louis 13 18 455
New York 17 10 630 Washingt’'n 13 17 433
Chicago 225132629 Detroit B I o ()
Cleveland 18 16 529 Athletics 08 20 286

(Continued from page 1.)
passed none. The game was too one-sided
to please the assembled fans.
R .
Glibs sl o 0:2:1°0:00:0:60—=9:=:13 =50
Athletics........ 0°:0.000000x—0" 3 0

Two-base hits — Charlie, Boyd, Banks,
White and B 7759.
Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

Friday’s Games

Ninth vs. Athletics

Friday’s game at the Storehouse grounds
between the Ninth and Athletics was well
played and evoked considerable enthusiasm
froin the fans.

Mack was on the mound for the Ninth and
did good work, striking out 11, with 3 hits
and 1 walk allowed. Charlie pitched for
~ the Athletics, but was a little unsteady at
times. He struck out 5,-had 3 walks and 2
hits. The players kept the onlookers guess-
ing until the seventh inning, when Old Jim
made a home run that won the game for the
Ninth by the score of 2—1.

Rs-H. " E:
Athletics ..... 0500 0802 0F0E 10 = TS gt
Ninth 2. . 1000000102 2 0

Printers vs. Cubs

The fans witnessed one of the best played
games of the season at the Garage grounds
on Friday between the Printers and Cubs,
each team doing their best to pull over a
victory. Hagy’s new curve worked well,
disconcerting his opponents to the extent of
12 strikeouts, with only 4 hits and one pass

allowed.
Harvey opened at the box for the Cubs,

but was hit on the tip of his little finger in
the second inning and had to be relieved by
Boyd, who finished the game. He struckout

11, passed 3 and was found for 3 hits. Jor-
dan’s double featured. .

R H. E.
Printers............0 120000 0—3 4 1
Gubs i ot 00010010—-2 4 O

Double play—Jordan.
Two-base hits—Boyd and John.
Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At 1 o’clock sharp the delegates gave the
word and in each block the men came forth
in pleased anticipation of their holiday. In
orderly twos they marched to the yard and
assembled four abreast and, with the full

" brass band of 64 pieces following the officers

and members of the Board of Governors of
the Club, at the word from Vice-President
A 8432, marshal of the day, they were off.
To the right ¢“Old Glory,’’ to the left the

" blue and gold (the Club’s banner), then Pete
~and the officers as guard of honor to the

large American flag carried by eight of the
younger members.

Then came ‘‘Quig, " the Club’s father, as
drum major to the band, and how he did
twir] that stick! Some stunt, that stick stuff.

Professor Wiegandt was absent and the
leadership of the band fell on Jack Evans,
and he did himself proud, both in line and at
the concert. N

A pause was made at the exit, when the
Warden, President of the Club, and an as-
sembly of guests, reviewed the procession;
the band then halted and gave the United
States national march. Twice around the
wall they marched, while the patriotic music
inspired each man. Finally the march ended
at the Garage grounds, and breaking ranks
each member was free to wander at will
while the teams for the baseball game were
being arranged. The first game was between
two picked teams and resulted in a score of
8—4. The second was between the Shoe
Shop and 4th Block; score 9—6. There was
little or no brilliant playing but plenty of
good sport. ;

The concert on the band stand was giving
continuous good music, with some good sing-
ing from Curly’s Minstrel Quartette—Win-
ston, Jud Johnson, Charlie Addison, and Sam
Mollisten. They sang once and an encore,
which was well received and applauded.
Choir Master Evans sang a song for the
boys, which sent a thrill through all who
heard him.

“‘Little Harry’’ had his flag board in evi-
dence, and several fellows had articles they
exposed for sale. When it came to deciding
the best marching block, the officers were
undecided, there was such a marked im-
provement, but the choice was between the
1st and 4th blocks. President Rube was
called to decide, and after trying to hedge,
he finally said the 7th. Not satisfied the
Warden was referred to and said the 4th
was the best, all but one man, who appeared
to have three feet.

““Happy Jack,”” who was standing near,
replied that three feet might make a yard,
but it did not make perfect marching.
Which is sure true so. This week the honors
go to the 7th Block, and the beautiful Amer-
ican flag rests this week with the victors
and owners.

There has not been much of a startling

nature for the members this week. Three
fellows went out on parole, with the good
wishes of all,—B 8383, 8024, 8032.

The delegates voted $25.00 to the Y. M.
C.A. Soldiers’Relief Fund, and the Club was
given a notice in the Public Ledger.

Bulletin boards are now placed around the
yard at the Garage, Storehouse, Hospital
yard and wall. B 8361 (Curly) hasaccepted
the office of Editor-in-Chief of the Publicity
Bureau of the H. F. C., and with B 7542
(Doc) as his associate and B 8099 (Walter)
as the typist they cull different items of in-
terest from the morning papers, type it, and
have it on the bulletin boards each morning.
Insist on hearing the news from your dele-
gate each morning.

. Next week 2nd Section—11—6—6 G, 12—12
—1-2, 8—9—1—-10.

Population, male, 1417; female, 27. Total,

1444. Last number, B 8711. —B 7542.

(To be continued mnext week.)

To the Members of the H. F. C.

Dear Sirs:—I appreciate the compliment
the H. F. C. has paid me in electing me to
honorary membership in the Club and also
delegate of the 2nd Block.

Sincerely yours,
Mrs. Reuben C. McKenty.

To the Warden and Members of the H.F.C.:
The members of the 2nd Block wish to
thank you all for the kindness which was
shown them in giving the minstrel show.
They all enjoyed it and hope to be able to
have another show in the near future.
2nd Block Delegate.

Monday’s Game

Cubs vs. Printers
The Cubs-Printers game at the Garage
grounds on Monday started with the former
club in an aggresive attitude to win at any
hazard, and they did. Several striking fea-
tures enlivened the game to the joy of the
fans, with Chick’s home run and Mooney’s
double play as leaders. Harvey pitched for
the Cubs, striking out 10, walking 2, and was
found for 5 hits. Hagy’s work in the box
was not up to his best, as he was found for 6
hits and allowed 2 walks, with only 8 strike-
outs.
R AH < K
Cubsiiay 120100000 4 600
....... 000000020-—-2 5 2

Ninth vs. Athletics

Monday’s game at the Storehouse grounds
was a close and exciting contest until the
sixth inning, when Boston made a two-base
hit, which turned the tide in favor of the
Ninth, the final score being 1—0. Critical
situations were developed during the game
with the interest of the onlookers worked up
to the point of excitement butno spectacular
plays were made. Jacoby pitched an even
game for his club, striking out 12 and allow-
ing but 2 hits and 3 passes.

Charlie’s work at the mound for the Ath-
letics resulted in his striking out 8 and allow-
ing 1 walk and 5 hits. '
