---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_089.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, May 30, 1917

NO. 22

MEMORIAL DAY TO BE OBSERVED BY
BAND CONCERT

Memorial day will be fittingly observed at this institution by

- a band concert on the Center
gandt has arranged a selection

at 2:30"Pr My Brof SA T I Wei- =
of patriotic and popular music

for rendition by the E. S. P. band on this occassion and it is

anticipated that an enjoyable

afternoon for the inmates will

follow. The program as arranged is as follows:

PROGRAM

Entry March ‘“National Emblem’’ Bagley
‘““America’’
1. “The Honor & Friendship Club March”’ B 8099
2. “‘Strong and True”’ Overture Kiesler
3. ‘“‘Golden Showers’’ Waltz Hall
4. ““The Jazz” Fox Trot Baskette
S Hesty Overture Leutner
6. ‘‘Patrol Comique’’ Hindey .
7. ‘‘Andante Religioso” Thome
8. ‘“‘Song of the Nation”’ Lampe
Exit March ““The Navigator’’ Rosenkrans

®

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Ninth

The Storehouse game between the Cubs
and Ninth on Wednesday, seemed to be in
hands of the Cubs from the beginning.
Harvey did effective work at the mound until
the sixth round, when he was replaced by
Boyd, who continued to the end. Harvey was
found for only one run, while Boyd struck
out 2 and passed 1.
the Ninth, but his curves were not difficult
for the opposing batsmen to find, though he
struck out 11 and passed but 1; 8 hits were
tallied. Jacoby’s home run saved the Ninth
from a whitewash, the final score being 4—1
in favor of the Cubs.

R H Sl
INinth. . =.0an QL0 02020800 x—1 =15 %0
Cubs . .ot 020000101—4 8 i

Home run—Jacoby.
Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

Printers vs. Athletics
Wednesday’s game at the Garage grounds

Mack worked hard for .

between the Printers.and Athletics was not

up to the usual standard in point of interest,

as the players did not seem to work together.
Mooney, who started in at the mound for the
Printers, was not in good form and was re-
placed by Silly, who kept the opposing team
down to 1hit, striking out 5.

There was s discrepancy ofopinionbetween
the umpire and the Athletics’ pitcher in the
fifth inning, which resulted in his quitting the
box. Charlie replaced him, striking out 3,
with 1 pass and no hits.

R. vl
Erintersic ot 0040000004 4 0
Athletics........ 050 4515050500 0—57 556 = =0

Three-base hit—Moony.
Two-base hits—Baum and Fats.
Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

K'riday’s Games
Athleties vs. Printers

The Printers made rather a poor showing
on Friday at the Garage grounds, owing in
part to weak team work and to theinefficient
pitching of Silly, who did not seem to have
any control of the ball. He was pounded for

(Continued on page 4)

THE FLAG, GOD‘BLESS IT

. The Star Spangled Banner of the United
States of America, may God bless it forever
and forever! -

Oh, my country, North, South, East and
West, does not this glorious emblem speak
to us even as the radiant vision of the fiery
cross in the heavens, is said to have spoken
to the great Roman soldier and tell us, ‘‘By
this sign—CONQUER?”’

Look at it as in the early sunlight; it kisses
the morning breeze with its beautiful folds,
look at it and tell me if it be not the one true
rallying mark for all honest hearts of what-
ever ancestry, creed or belief who own alle-
giance to this mighty Republic!

Look at its beautiful colors as they gleam
in the splendor of the rising sun, the white
symbolic of purity and honor, the red typical
of the blood which has been shed and which
will continue to be freely shed in defense of
the integrity and perpetuity of American in-
stitutions, and the blue its shining, silvery
stars representing the great canopy of heav-

- en, under which the soldier of the Republic

on the land toils on the weary march or biv-
ouacs in the silence of the night, or the sailor
on the broad expanse of the ocean keeps his
weary watch and vigil, that the citizens of
the Republic may rest secure while over all,
“‘He who watches over His true Israel nei-
ther slumbers nor sleeps.”’

Yes: under this immortal banner men of all
shades of political opinion, of all forms of
religious belief, can rally for the, eternal
principles of Right, Justice and Liberty un-
der the law. 3

Loyalty to the colors! Loyalty to the flag
of the nation! that is the creed of the Amer-
ican sailor and soldier, and I hope and be-
lieve, the universal religion of the land.

And the nation will cease to be great should
the evil day ever come when there are found
dissenters to this creed. —REAR ADMIRAL
MEADE, in the Independent in 1398.

INMATE CHOIR GIVES
SUNDAY SONG SERVICE

The inmate choir assisted by the E. S. P.
orchestra gave an unusually well rendered
song service on the Center at this institution
on Sunday afternoon last, under ithe capable
direction of Prof. A. F. Wiegandt. In addi-
tion to the clever singing of the choristers
the service was featured with an instrument-
al solo, and the fine baritone rendition of
«The End of a Perfect Day,’”’ by B 7962. The
program was happily selected to meet the
varied tastes of the assembled guests and
the inmates, and the numbers were heartily
encored.
