---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_090.jpg
---
" THE UMPIRE

H E U MPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interestand entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned. :

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, May 30, 1917

“The two tables, or ten commcmdments,
teach our duty to God and our neighbor.’’

WHY NOT FORGET IT?

Believing that when a person has paid the
penalty of an infraction of the law, they
should be freed from further humiliation, a
prominent writer . avers that society should
forget it and help the erring party to regain a
firm foundation in the esteam of their fellow-
me1. Toooften ,unfortunatzly, the tendency
of the average person in the outer world runs
the other way, and an inclination to ‘‘knock’’
seems to prevail.

Let a person in a large city go wrong and
pay the penalty and he has a chance of liv-
ing in the present and future only. The
crowds are too extensive, the pressure of
life too strong for any one to remember long
the past offenses of his neighbor, which is
one of the advantages of living in a big city.

But it’s quite different in the small town
or the country. There are too many people
to remember what should be forgotten.
Much of the natural Xindness which comes
from contact with the fields and the wooded
hills is overlaid too often by the inclination
to gossip or speak disparagingly of one’s
neighbor.

An incident is cited that happened in a
small town in an adjoining state, in which a
local coal dealer was convicted of giving
short weight of coal. He was cited to ap-
pear before a justice and was fined. Having
no other ready means of support he contin-
ued in the coal business. He found it hard
to make ends meet. Former friends and
neighbors made his way rough by constantly
talking about his lapse from the ways of
straight dealing, and even irritated his feel-
ings by making a jest of the incident.

So he decided to circumvent his accusers
by making a bold announcement by putting
the.following advertisement in a local paper:

“Standard Weight.—There may be people
in town who doubt the accuracy of my
scales, which is due, no doubt, to the fact
that we were once convicted of giving short
weight. Scales are a delicate apparatus and
are bound to get damaged occasionally. This
happened once last fall. We were cited to

‘appear before the justice, which we did, and

pleaded guilty to having defective  scales at
our place of business—but without intent to
cheat. Accidents are bound to happen in
any business. Ask us aboutit. I believe
we can explain it to your satisfaction.”’

Surely, it is hard to believe that a man
who wrote thus and was willing to explain to
any one who approached him properly, is a
dishonest man at heart.

He makes a frank appeal to his neighbors,
to the people with whom he must live and
do business, to have faith and to believe the
best of him rather than the reverse. He asks
them to take his word for it that the defect
in the scales was there by accident.

Would it not be better to believe him?
Why not believe others when they say they
mean to do well? It is an obligation we owe
to the human family which is common to us
all, to believe the best we can of our fellow-
beings, rather than the worst.

SELF-CONSCIOUSNESS

Of all the mental troubles that afflict man-
kind, there is none that seems quite so real
as the agony of self-consciousness.

Let us stop for a moment and analyze this
dis-ease (lack of ease) that torments. Self-
consciousness defined is a state of being in
which one can never forget the physical and
dwell only in the mental, free and unfettered;

‘an exaggerated form of conceit—unconscious

conceit to be sure, but true nevertheless—in
which thought dwells constantly on self; an
agonized state of mind in which the one af-
flicted is so conscious of his person, speech
and actions that he suffers mental tortures
when in the presence of others.

Now let us reverse the words and see what
we get—consciousness of self. If we only
were, for a moment even, conscious of the
real self intended by nature, with what dif-
ferent eyes would we view this heretofore
tormenting malady—self-consciousness.

Usually this state of mind is found cnly in
persons rather predisposed to worry and ner-
vous excitability. It is most common among
young girls—dear, charming girls in every
other respect, who would be shocked to think
any one regarded self-consciousness as. self-
ish or as self-centered.

In a vain effort to rid themselves of that
which robs them of the calmness and peace
of mind that they are rightfuily entitled to,
they grapple with the disturber of peace. It
is a lesson in adjustment to life—a lesscn in
looking to the happiness of others before
your own. 7

Let go; relax and listen for the still, small
voice.

In the mad rush of this great modern
world of ours, too much—far too much—
thought is expended on what we seem to be,
not what we really are, on the fleeting and
material. Let us look behind the fleshly
mask and meet ‘‘our pilot face to face,’”’ the
pilot that is guiding us— whither?

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic "Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.830 o’clock, A. M. f

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
- Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

Are our thoughts—the Great Pilot—lead-
ing us toward a haven of peace and right
thinking and consequently right living? Or
do they tena to make us dwell too much on
our physical bodies and the inharmonious
manifested therein? . :

Mental poise means perfect poise. To the
perfect adjustment of the one will result the
other. A disturbed and unhappy mental at-
titude will soon result in frayed and worn-
out nerves.

Can we afford to be unhappy physically,
mentally or financially? Think unhappiness
and it will be reflected in some untoward
condition of the body, and this again must
influence, sooner or later, our financial affairs.

Be self-conscious if you must, but be con-
scious of a self perfectly poised, master of
your destiny and looking fearlessly toward
a future filled with assurances of victory.

Take your place among men, strong in the
knowledge that ycu can. Forget your self-
consciousness and be conscious of self, your
real, calm and radiant self. Then and only
then will all distressing symptems—such as
a rusn of blood to the head, causing the face
to redden uncomfortably, hands to become
hot and clammy, and to such nervousness
in speech as to cause difficulty in presenting
the thought we wish to expiess in a cleer,
lucid and concise way—be met and overcome.

I do not suggest the impossible, for self-
poise—seif-poised to a realization of one’s
freedom of nature is your God-given right.
Claim it, then use it and watch the result.
Instead of a shrinking body and shrunken
faith in your ability to overccme, raise head

high and thoughts higher, enter into the . -

spiritual consciousness of your power and—
rejoice.

No more will the desire to remain apart
from your fellow-man fill you, but, glovgling
with the results of happy and right thoughts,
you will take your rightful place in ‘‘the
consciousness of power.””  You will “‘be glad
of life because it gives you a chance to
serve.”’

We are answerable for incalculable oppor-
tunities of good and evil in our daily inter-
course with every soul with whom we have
to deal. To each and all, every day, and all
day long, we are distributing that which is
best or worst in the world—influerice.
