---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_091.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

UNLIMITED MAIL

A short time ago THE UMPIRE had a very
able editorial on unlimited mail and daily
newspapers.

A great deal has been printed lately in
both public and prison press relative to both.

There are today fifteen states that have
unrestricted mail, and thirty-five have better
writing privileges than one letter per month,
and thirty-five have the daily papers.

It might also be noted that in those fifteen
states having unlimited mail the voluntary
discipline has improved wonderfully.

Experience teaches that there is no more
humanizing influence than that of family and
friends, and it can be truthfully said that
had we kept closer to the apron-strings of
mother, wife or friends, ninety per cent. of
us would not be here.

It only requires the awakening of the hu-
manizing spirit, lying temporarily dormant
in all prisoners, to re-establish them once
more in society as real men and women.

There is no better method for those placed:

as we are than the daily letter, and instead
of a privilege granted it should be compul-
sory for all prisoners to write at least once a
week to family or friends, thereby forging
~ the link once broken by a foolish whim of
our own.

There is no better place to start the link
than here, and no better time than now.

Pennsylvania should not be among the last
to fall in line with this great character
builder.

—B 6808.

AN ENGINEERING FEAT

In reinforcing the Williamsburg bridge at
New York to strenghten it for the increasing
volume of traffic it is being made to carvy, a
remarkable piece of engineering work was
accomplished recently, says a writer in Pop-
wlar Mechanics. This consisted of removing
a 10-in. bridee pin and substituting for it a
13-in. pin, a feat believed unprecedented.
An especially built motor-driving drilling ma-
chine was attached to the bottom chord of
the structure with its cutting arbor lined
with the pin. The metal which the boring
bar had to pass through had a thickness of
approximately 24 in., while the volume of
steel to be bored out amounted to nearly a
cubic foot. The work invelved the removal
of the old pin, the enlargement of the pin
bore from 10 to 13 in., and the insertion of
the larger piece. The tusk was made addi-
tionally difficult on account of the necessity
of opening the bridge to traffic just as quick-
ly as possible, and also for the reason that
the only connection between the main and
land spans, during the time the pin was out,
was a temporary wind chord. The bridge
was closed to all except pedestrians between
1 and 5:50 o’clock in the morning, during
which time the entire operation was per-
formed.

SHUT IN AN OLD-FASH:ONED CELL
I sit on my cot in my cell, eight by six,
And I look through a steel-barred door,
I stare at the sky, where the free birds fly;
Then sigh and look down on the floor;
I pace my cell, right forward and back,
My head bowed down on my breast;
My thoughts are away to other days,
And my soul is longing for rest.
I have checked the days, and counted years,
And by marking from ceiling to floor;
I have figured the number of times the key
Will turn in the lock of my door;
The number of Sundays in nine to ten long
years,
The minutes, the seconds, and all,
With the stub of a pencil were figured by me,
And checked on the wall of my cell.
My hair is white from worry’s strong bleach,
And my eyes have b2en emptied of tears;
I have wept unseen, have sobbed unheard,
While alone with my sorrow and care.
I have counted the rounds of the guard at
night,
And stol’n looks at the stars,
prayer; '
I stand at the door when the mail man comes,
With a longing that is always denied.
I wait and I hope for a message from one
Whom I loved in my sunshine of life.

while at

My day follows day in a heart-breaking grind,

Its sameness is maddening to bear;
The same shuffling tread of men legally dead;
The same men, the same clothes, the same
fare.
Brightbuttons of brass and black bars of steel,
They guard me by night and by day;
I can think of all things, but do very few—
I must bear and have nothing to say.
My life is a horrible dream, without rest,
In a nightmare, wandering aimless,
Where the scorn of the world binds man to his
sin,
To his crime, to his greed and his strife.
His life is an error that time will correct,
But, oh time!.how you tarry in flight,
How slow you are passing, to one that lives
A life in a Stygian night.
From out of the depths of this darkness
Comes Misery’s loud cry of despair,
And the world sends back but an echo,
But no answering voice comes from there.
I pace my cell backward and forward until
The sun drops. back of the walls,
And my cell with the night-light is flooded,
Then the prison gets painfully still.
The stroke of the bell I unheed;
I walk and hear not a sound,
And the guard finds me still walking,
At the count taken up on last round.

I have lived my life over in hours,
In a dream journeyed back to my home,
Back to the home of my dear mother,
Once again I’'m no longer alone.
In my dream the old place seems so familiar,
But the voices seem broken and sad, :
And mother’s, whose face had the blush of a
rose,

Has changed since I was a lad.
I walk down a smooth, worn pathway,
And drink at the spring in the rock,
To my ears co:aes the jingle of trace-chains,
And 1 see the team strain at the plow;
And the voice of my father, the plowman,
This all comes back to me now.

~ Memory now paints me the picture

Of the city, its light and its flame,
The wine, the women, and burning
The wild-oats, temptation, then shame,
Disgraced; then a man lies broken,
Crushed by the weight of my sin,
No longer a man, but a creature—
A thing—a social ‘‘Shut-In.”’
I sigh, then turn to the stone wall,
And drop to the floor on my knees:
“My God, I ask Thee for mercy,
To Thee 1 most humbly pray;
Change me from what I now am,
And make me a man today.
Be with my little prison friend,
Give strength to her soul I beseech Thee,
Forgive him for all he has done,
Give power to his purpcse for right.
Let Thy sunshine come into his carkness,
We have gathered the crop of despair,
We have sown the thistle of wickedness,
Our tongues have tasted of the evil fruit,
We have taken the droppings. Lord,
Against Thy divine commands,
We-have left naught for the gleaners
But the stubble, the stone and sand;
We have soiled life’s beautiful flowers,
Without thought of sin or shame;
Wehaveburdened our brotherswith sorrows,
For pleasure, for greed and gain. ;
We are reaping but what we have sown, Lord,
In life’s fertile fields for years,
We have gathered the yield, with selfish greed,
Unmindful of suffering or tears,
Turn not Thy anger from us,
But strengthen our soul for the fight;
Speak to those troubled waters, Lord;
Be with us, we pray Thee, this night.”’
C—-.

MOVING STONES

A correspondent writes that there is a cu-
riosity in Long Pond, which lies mostly in
Bridgeton, Cumberland county, Maine, and
which has often afforded matter of specula-
tion.

On the easterly side of the pond is a cove
which extends about one hundred rods farther
east than the general course of the shore.

The bottom is clay, and so shoal that a man
may wade fifty rods into the pond. At the
bottom of this cove are stones of various
sizes, which, it is evident from various
circumstances, have an annual motion toward
the shore. The proof of this is the mark or
track left behind them, and the bodies of

clay driven up before them.

Some of these stones are two or three
tons weight, and have left a track of several
rods behind them, having at least a common
cartload of clay before them. The shore of
the cove is lined with these stones, which, it
would seem, have crawled out of the water.
