---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_092.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

;

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING®

WS TosePct: W. L.' Pct

Cubs ‘14 06 700 " Printers 09 11 450

Ninth 1307 650 Athletics 04 16 200
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WeSl-Pct. W e Pet

Phillies 21 S OSR6T T Brooklyn 13 ] R 64

New York 8EELIER 621 Cincinatti 15 22 405

Chicago 2415 615 Boston 1O T3 70

St. Louis 7] 5 5 3il: Pittsburg 11 24 324
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet

Boston 22 10 688 . St. Louis 15 22 405

Chicago 26 13667 Washingt'n 13 21 383

New York 18 = 13 581 Detroit 12 2) 375

Cleveland 21N S 596 Athletics T 21344

————————————————————————————————
(Continued from page 1)

9 hits, walked 5, and struck out 4. Mooney
did well at the mound for the Athletics until
the sixth round, when a poor play and weak
support gave the Printers a chance to score
4 runs. Mooney struck out 11 and allowed 2
walks and 5 hits. The game was too listless
to evoke much enthusiasm.

18%~ 8L Bk
Printers......... 00000004 0—-4 5 1
AthleticsEary: 1120000015 9 0

Home run— Softcoal.

Three-base hit—Mooney.

Two-base hits—Charlie and Hagy.
Double— Bennie.

Umpires—Jimmie, Barrington and Slim.

Ninth vs. Cubs

Things looked favorable for the Cubs at
the opening of the game played at the Store-
house grounds on Friday. At the fourthin-
ning Boyd, who was in the box, losthis nerve
and allowed the Ninth to score four runs,
making the chances even for elther team.
Harvey succeeded him in the fifth round,
with but little satisfaction, as be was found
for 4 hits and one walk, striking out 4. Mack
pitched for the Ninth, striking out 7, with 1
pass, and was found for7 hits. The home
runs by Lucky and Old Jim, and the three-
base hit by Spookie featured the game.

R S

Cubstes s 00400002 0—6 T ()
Nl G S e 000004230—9 11 0
Two-base hits—Bobbie, Boston, ~ Stump

Pidge, Slick and Chick.
Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

GOT THE CHICKENS, BUT LEAVE AUTO

In their hurry to get away chicken thieves,
who robbed the henroost of a farmer near
Kansas City, Mo., recently, were unable to
get their automobil: starter to work, so they
left the flyer behind. Although the farmer
appropriated the machine for the two dozen
chickens stolen, he said he thought the
thieves got something the better of the bar-

gain.

. Bonds, paying $250.00 for the same.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

History has been made by the Honor and
Friendship Club during the week just past.

To begin with, taking the initiative, and
to show the world that our patriotism is sin-
cere, the Club purchased five Liberty War
We
now stand alone as a prison organization
holding the bonds of our country.

Another matter of moment is that the ev-
idence produced by investigation of the
Club and presented to the Parole Board was
considered and given proper weight, with

. the result that a man was reparoled and re-

leased. This man (B 7783) has promised the
Club to make good and by example increase
the good work of the H. F. C.

Again the Club has been instrumental in
reparoling ‘“‘Quig,’’ the Club’s father. This
makes the Club an orphan, but the step-
father (Pete) is with us and we will worry
along and wish both of these fellows the
best of luck. Especially will these two be in
the limelight, and the hope is that these two
will prove by their future life the good that
is being done.

During the week, our friend, Mr. Edward
Kraupa, came to the Club’s cause. In a
splendid letter to The Ewening Bulletin he
proclaimed the good opinion he has of the
boys out here. The letter shows how deep
is our friend’s feeling for the boys on the
‘“Hill.”” We thank you, Mr. Kraupa. We
know what you mean, and with tears in our
eyes we say, ‘‘God bless men like Edward
Kraupa.”’

The H. F. C. introduced summer on Sat-
urday, when, with their new uniforms and
white caps, with the highly polished insignia
of office on each delegate’s cap, a Keystone
in bronze, with the word Delegate in promi-
nent letters. Each officer and governor had
a distinctive insignia showing forth and look-
ing natty and clean, the whole body appear-
ing to be imbued with an unaccustomed
brightness. Each man was on his mettle,
and from the moment when, at 1 o’clock
sharp, the delegates on each block gave the
signal to come forth and the men came out
smiling and eager, there was good-feeling in
the air.

The line was formed on the Garage
grounds and the band on the lead struck up
a martial air and Vice-President A 8432
Grand Marshal, gave the signal, and the
march was on. This week the large Ameri-
can flag owned by the 7th Block led the pro-
cession, and the smaller one on one side, with
the Club’s flag on the other, made a beauti-
ful display. On the reviewing stand, at the
exit, stood Warden McKenty, President Rube
and other distinguishea guests, one of whom
remarked, ‘‘I really believe, Warden, those
fellows are on the level and realize what they
stand for, and mean it, too.”’

““Of course they do,’” replied Warden Mec-
Kenty, and they’d deliver the goods, if they
had the chance.”’

‘The march was ended at the Garage
grounds after making two complete circles
around the wall; then an opening game of
baseball was begun between the 1st and Sth
blocks. The 8th won out by a score of 18 to
11.

Then the 9th and 10th played a game, with
the score 12 to 14 in favor of the 10th.

Jake, the representative delegate who
manages the 9th Block E. S. P. team, is the
H. F. C. baseball manager, and he has made
a rule that on H. F. C. days no professionals
shall play. Only those who play ball at no
other time than Saturday, and shall have
handed in their line-up before Friday noon,
shall be eligible to play on Saturday. This
gives every one a chance. The game was all
right and was enjoyed by all.

Professor Wiegandt, after the parade,
which, by the way, proved another victory
for the 1st Block, who had the unanimous
vote as being the best marchers.

And why not? They had a new American
flag, the largest and most beautiful ever
seen inside and none more beautiful outside,
and naturally each man was proud to be part
owner of this beautiful prize, and showed it
by his bearing and marching. Good! You
did well, 1st—and all credit to you. After
the parade the Professor assembled the band
on the band stand, and a concert was given,
interspersed with the vocal selections by
Curly’s Minstrel Quartette. This entertain-
ment was enjoyed by all under a canopy of
flags, the edges decorated with brighter flags
and banners.

The new.flag of the 1st Block, dear Old
Glory, with its smaller neighbor of the 7th
Bleck, while green, white and red of the It-
alian flag alongside, no man could be near
without feeling what a privilege it was to be
in such atmosphere.

The population this week 1s—Ma1e 1418—
Female 27. Total—1445. Last Number B8714.

Next Sat., June 2nd, 1st Section, 7 B. 7 G.
4. B. 4.G-5'B.5G. 3°B. .

— B 75,2.

ASSISTANCE

The Ladies’ Auxiliary began their H. F. C.
good work during the week. One of the
girls learned that the mother of a 2nd Block
member was in needy circumstances. She
called a meeting of the ladies’ finance (the
Jirst meeting) committee and a collection was
taken. The following lady members, B 8233,
8077 and 7857, 50¢; B 8280, 30¢; B 6896, 8312,
8528, 8584, 8435 and 8511, 25¢; B 8654 and
8530, 10¢, contributed their mite. The money,
$3.50, was forwarded to the needy family.
This is the beginning. The ending is in the
fu.ure. = Dl5 2

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Violin, bow and case.
sell sell reasonable to quick buyer.
4th Block.

Will
B 8011,
