---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_093.jpg
---
"THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, June 6, 1917

NO. 23

ST. JOHN’S ASYLUM
BOYS REGALE E. S. P.

INMATES WITH SONG

St. John’s Asylum boys visited this institu-
tion on Sunday last and entertained the in-
mates with a splendid selection of song. The
entertainment was arranged under the aus-
picesof the American Society for Visiting Cath-
olic Prisoners, and proved highly pleasing to
all in attendance. It was most refreshing to
hear the sweet voices of the youthful singers
who were under the able direction of Prof.
Alfons Heuermann. The program was as

follows:
PROGRAM
1. Star Spangled Banner St. John’s Choir
2. a. Veni Sancte Spiritus. - b. Ave Maria
[by Aible
(S. J. Choir)

3. Within Thy Sacred Dwelling
(Louis A. Starr)
4. Immaculata

by Mozart

by Schreiner
(S. J. Choir)
5. Before the Crucifix

(J. J. Scanlon)
6. Barcarolle by Offenbach
(S-=J.: Choir)
7. Salvator Mundi '

(Frank Diamond)

by Verdi
8- Lullaby by Brahms
(S. J. Choir)
9. God Have Mercy by Hauptmann
(David Rafferty)
10. Marching Song
(S. J. Choir)

by Berlioz
11. May Night by Brahms
(Fred Riley)
12. Medley of Patriotic Airs.
Holy God, We praise Thy Name.
(S. J. Choir)
Conductor: Alfons Heuermann.

REGISTRATION COMPLETED

Acting upon direct instructions from the
War Department at Washington, Warden
Robert J. McKenty has completed the regis-
tration of all male prisoners at this institu-
tion between the ages of 21 and 31 years.
Approximately 500 inmates came under the
Registration Act. While army and navy
regulations positively forbid the enlistment
of persons who are or have been under
sentence of a court in a reformatory, jail or
penitentiary, the present law makes it man-
datory that all prisoners’ names be register-
ed that come within the prescribed ages.

Recruiting established a new daily record
_ yesterday, when 4201 men were enrolled, as
against aprevious averagedaily record of 1500.

La Forge.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Ninth
Tuesday’s game at the Storehouse grounds
between the Cubs and Ninth drew a large

- audience to the field to witness the Ninth go

down to defeat to the score of 5—2. Mack
worked well at the mound for his team,
striking out 12, allowing 8 hits. Boyd’s
pitching was rather uneven, but did not em-
barrass his team-mates.. He struck out 10,
walked 3 and was found for 6 hits. Chick’s
3-base hit featured.

Rty Her ks
Ninth 1301500 050-00—2-"56 - 0
Cubs: . iwraie. 03500202020 0:0—5_"= 8 3

Three-base hit—Chick.
Two-base hits—Harvey, Pidge and Boston.
Umpires—Jimmie and Slim.

Printers vs. Athletics

The Printers-Athletics game scheduled for
Monday was played at the Garage grounds on
Tuesday, and "resulted in a victory for the
first named club by tne score of 4—1. Hagy
was at the mound for the Printers and pitch-
ed an excellent game¢, styiking out 13, with
no passes, and allowiag oily 4 hits. Mooney
was in the box for the Athletics, but relieved
after the first inning, and was replaced by
Russell, who finished the game and struckout
6, walked 4, and was founa for 5 hits. The
game proved interesting for the fans, but
the Printers seemed to hold the winning gate
from the start.

Rt H: e 10
Printers St 2000000024 6 0
Athletics........ 0508050 03031 -0 x—1 4 2

Home-run—Charlie.

Double-play— Williamsport and B 8671.
Two-base hit—Hagy.
Umpires—Rabbie and Slim. .

Thursday’s Games

Ninth vs. Printers

One of the best playedgames of the season
took place at the Garage grounds on Thurs-
day between the Printers and Ninth. Not until
the last inning did either club pass the home-
plate. With each team straining for a
chance to score, the odds turned in favor of
the Ninth by B 6509 crossing the home-plate.
Jacoby was in the box for the Ninth and
held .the Printers down to 3 hits, striking
out9. Silly pitched for the Printers, striking
out 10, with 1 walk and 5 hits allowed. Davis
made a clever double play in the seventh

round.

Res S SRS
NEntho Gt 0.0:0:08050" (00511 5" )
Printers 0000000000 354 .0

Double play—Davis.
Umpires—Rabbie, Ty Cobb and Stackhouse.

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Cubs proved too much for the Athletics
at the Storehouse game on Thursday, though
each team played good ball from the start.
Boyd worked well at the mound for his team,
striking out 9, allowing 3 hits and 2 passes.
Mooney: held the box for the Athletics until
the fifth round, when he was relieved by
Charlie, who struck out 2 and allowed 4 hits.
Mooney struck out 7, walked 8 and allowed 3

hits. The fans were delighted by the home-
run made by Fats.

RS =R
Athletics........ 0E0=1 2502080505 0=—38 388 3
Cubsth 7 000312000—6 7 1

Home-run—Fats. , i

Two-base hits—Harvey, Chick 2, Boyd,
Mick and B 7349. '

Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

Friday’s Games
Printers vs. Ninth

The Printers opened Friday’s game at the
Garage grounds with a determination to win,
so that things looked in their favor from the
start. With Hagy in the box for his team
the Ninth were unable to score but one run
in the second inning, while the Printers roll-
ed up three runs in the same inning and add-
ing another run in the final, making the score
4—1 in favor of the Printers. The game
was interesting to the fans and all the play-
ers put up a good, stiff fight to the finish.

Printers: =ity 03000001—4- 4 1
Ninthiee s e 01000000—-1 & 0

Two-base hit—Jacoby.
Struck out, by Hagy 14, by Jacoby 7.
Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

Cubs vs. Athletics

A good game of ball was played at the
Storehouse grounds on Friday between the
Cubs and Athletics, with each side playing
ball in the true spirit. Not until the fourth
inning did either team score, when B 6353
brought in one run for the Cubs. Fortune
favored the Athletics in the sixth inning, en-
abling them to score and tie the game. Har-
vey’s work in the box for the Cubs was good.
He struck outl2, passed 2, and allowed 3 hits.
Charlie pitched for the Athletics, striking
out 2, with one walk and 3 hits.

RoH vl
CubsEze t e ai 020,01 0300 =12 .35, %0
Athletics.............. 0005301050 15 550

Three-base hit—Jordan.
Two-base hits—Chick and Charlie.
Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.
