---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_094.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

e ————————————————————————————————————

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
_every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, June 6, 1917

“A ladder of well-done little things leads
to the big posts on top.’’

-—
~ WORRY DESTROYS HAPPINESS

A well-known author once remarked that
‘“‘people as well as seeds, get too crowded;
that one thing chokes out another in our
lives, and too often it is the best that gets
choked out.”” The fact is that we are liv-
ing so fast, we have so much to do, so many
interests—some of which conflict—that we
are in danger of being crowded out of our
happiness. This is a serious danger, and one
which threatens us all in our strenuous life,
in these days of war’s alarms. It is no won-
der that worries and distractions seem to
grow apace in our hearts about as naturally
as weeds do in the home garden. Worries
are thought to be quite harmless by some
people, but the Master protested strongly
against them as being potent for much evil
in our lives, by crowding out our noblest
thoughts.

He repeatedly warned against all anxiety,
plainly implying that it will not add to our
success or possessions. Instead it does con-
siderable harm and causes untold grief to
those that love us. Above all we should
never worry about things we can not help,
for if they are beyond our control, worrying
is both useless and foolish. However, if
there is any way we can help, then let us
start in at once and not endanger our powers
of resistance by useless worry. Eliminate
the first sign of worry that comes to the
mind, for by doing so you will be able to de-
stroy its Dbaleful influence to injure
your future peace of mind and happi-
ness ere it gets beyond control. Once worry
becomes established in our thoughts it
will erowd out all the true, the beautiful
things that ought to develop and make life
worth the living.

ItAVE A PURPOSE

Young man, have you a purpose in life?
The question strikes you with something of a
novelity. Yet it is the great one on which
your future place in the world depends. If
no life pursuit is yet formed in your mind, it
is full time that you sit down and spend a

season in grave reflection. Without an ear-
nest purpose nothing worth accomplishing can
be done in the world. Thought, will, energy,
work—these are the elements of all 'success.
These are the materials out of which men
construct their fortunes and if you are
dreaming of wealth, honor or position in the
future and have not these to build on, and
with advancing years, will see the beautiful
structure that now rises pleasantly in your
fancy, fading away like the baseless fabric
of vision. Gird up your loins, and in good
earnest seek to acquire the highest ability in
your art, calling or profession. Let each day
see you advancing in skill and knowledge;
and as certain as the sun shines, orthe water
runs you will rise above the common mass.
And just in the degree that your motives are
honorable and unselfish, you will add happi-
ness to your success in life.
—The Uplift. _

HARDENING THE HEART

With a toll of hundreds dead, thousands in-
jured and property to the value of millions
destroyed, the Western and Sputhern torna-
does scarcely make an impression upon a
world calloused by war and the atrocities
that are excused by war, says a writer in the
N. Y. World.

Three or four years ago, in happier days,
such a calamity would have fixed the atten-
tion of all civilization. Every charitable im-
pulse would have been awakened, public
meetings would have been called, learned
discussions on the mysteries of meteorology
would have ensued, and possibly some kind-
ly sovereigns in Europe would have sent to
the President words of sympathy.

Men are doing things in a different way
and on a different scale now. A submarine
lawlessly fires a torpedo at a Lusitania and
in an instant destroys more lives and prop-
erty than all the thunderbolts of the prairies
for miles around. In every great battle,
with only human agencies employed, wider
areas are devastated day after day, and more
terribly devastated, than suffer only at rare
intervals by the violence of nature. @ We are
burning a Chicago or a Boston or a San Fran-
cisco, we are repeating the tragic horrors of
Mont Pelee and Caracas and Lisbon, every
week or two and scarcely noticing them.

It is not war alone that is hardening man-
kind. It is the remorselessness of war, the
savagery which attends it, the heartless
cruelties, the barbaric oppression of the weak
and the worse than barbaric apologies by
which everything is justified. @ Even the
anger of God, once terribly seen in the tem-
pest, is dwarfed by the wrath of men wil-
fully and skilfully devoted to desolation.

So small is man’s heart,

That the point of a pin can still it;
When from sin-we part,

It will take God himself to fill it.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

WHEN MAN IS A FAILURE

-When he has no confidence in himself nor
his fellow-man.

When he values success more than char-
acter and self-respect. :

When he does not try to make-his work a
little better each day.

When he becomes so absorbed in his work
that he can not say that life is greater than
work.

When he lets a day go by without making
seme one happier and more comfortable.

When he values wealth above health, self-
respect and the good opinion of others.

When he is so burdened by his business
that he finds no time for rest or recreation.

When heloves his own plaints and interests
more than humanity.

When he knows that he is in the wrong,
but is afraid to admit it.

When he envies others because they have
more ability, talent or wealth than he has.

When he does not care what happens to
his neighbors or to his friend so long as he is
prosperous.

When he is so busy that he has no time for
smiles and cheering words.

—The Monitor.

A GREAT UNDERTAKING

Once more the Parliament of Holland is con-
sidering the problem of draining the Zuider
Zee. Centuries ago the work of land reclama-
tion was begun, but previous attempts along
that line yielded but comparatively slight
areas of land, as compared with the present
endeavor. Itis estimated that by means of
the pending project a tract of 500,000 acres
of the finest land will be gained for agricultu-
ral purposes. The plan, as now contemplat-
ed, calls for a dam from North Holland to
the Friesland coast, —twenty-four miles, —of
which the land of Wieringen, —five miles
wide, —will constitute animportant section.
The estimated cost of the work is $44,220,000.
The vast sum is considerea none too much,
in consideration of the end to be accomplish-
ed. If, by some means, mankind could be as
strongly impressed with the importance of
saving perishing souls,—no matter at what
cost,—there would be no scarcity of either
money or workers. All would be aflame with
missionary enthusiasm. —Selected.
