---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_095.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

A SACRIFICE HIT

A sacrifice hit is good baseball. ‘‘Given a
man on first, say the batter lays down a slow,
teasing bunt. It takes the third baseman all
his time to get it, throw it to first in time to
nip the batter,’’ says a well-known writer.

But when the play is over the runner on
first is safe on second, where a good clean
hit will score his run. The sacrifice hit is one
of the biggest and headiest things in base-
ball, but it retires the batter at first. All he
gets is a notation on the score sheet. The
other man scored the run.

Baseball isn’t the only game where the
score stunds on a sacrifice. When you see a
woman wearing a two-year-old hat while her
~ daughter goes fairly well dressed to school,
remember that girl is being advanced by a
sacrifice hit. When father stays home from
a vacation trip which he needs badly in order
that some new comfort shall be added to the
home, or that the boy can graduate with his
class, or for half a hundred other reasons, he
lays down a bunt which advances the boy
towards a chance to score. In one way or an-
other the sacrifice is being worked all
through the big game which is going on
about us. Sometimes it is a son or a daugh-
ter, usually a father or a mother, or both,
who will die at first on a sacrifice.

It is a good play. It wins games. But a
bunt needs an alert runner ahead of it. A
gacrifice with a bonehead isn’t worth much.
The object is to advance the runner. If he
is slow, or lazy, or careless, it means a dou-
ble and play two men out, and the sacrifice
was then useless.

Say, you boy, whose parents are sacrificing
for you, get up on your toes and stay there.
Get a lead! Go down with his arm! Slide,
you terrier, slide! Why do suppose a strong
batter is voluntarily throwing away a life at
first, throwing away his personal chance, ex-
cept to put you on second, whence a hit
would bring you home. Suppose you did
skin your leg? Get up on that base and
watch for a chance to take third! Ginger up,
blame you, ginger up! Get ‘‘pep’’ in your
play and watch the pitche:. Justify the sac-
rifice.

WE DON’T WORK AT ALL

With the present agitation for an ever in-
creasingly short working'day ccmees the sta-
tistician who proves that by rights the Amer-
ican workingman should work only one day,
says a writer in the N. Y. Tribune. Follow
the argument closely:

There are by common consent 365 days in
the year. Doctors agree that a man should
devote one-third of his time to sleep and one-
third to recreation. Counting one-third of a
year as approximately 122 days, we have 121
days left after taking out this allowance.

Subtract from this the fifty-two Sundays
which are the workingman’s right, and we
have sixty-nine days left. Saturday half hol-

idays consume twenty-six of these, leaving
forty-three.

One hour off for lunch on five days in the
week make 260 hours, or approximately
twenty-two days, which leaves our total
working time twenty-one days. But a man
is entitled to a two weeks’ vacation in the
summer and the six legal holidays afforded
by the state, making a total vacation time
of twenty days. Taking this from our work-
ing time of twenty-one days, we have a re-
mainder of one working day.

THE KID HAS GONE TO THE COLORS

The Kid has gone to the colors
And we don’t know what to say;

The Kid we have loved and cuddled
Stepped out for the Flag today.

We thought him a child, a baby
With never a care at all,

But his country called him man-size
And the Kid has heard the call.

He paused to watch the recruiting,
Where, fired by the fife and drum,
He bowed his head to Old Glory
And thought that it whispered: ‘‘Come!’”’
The Kid, not being a slacker,
Stood forth with patriot-joy
To add his name to the roster—
And God, we’re proud of the boy!

The Kid has gone to the Colors;
It seems but a little while

Since he drilled a schoolboy army
In a truly martial style.

But now he’s a man, a soldier,
And we lend him listening ear,

For his heart is a heart all loyal,
Unscourged by the curse of fear.

His dad, when he told him, shuddered,
His mother—God bless her!—cried;

Yet, blest with a mother-nature,
She wept with a mother-pride.

But he whose old shoulders straightened
Was Granddad—for memnory ran

To years when he, too, a youngster,
Was changed by the Flag to a man!

— W. M. Hershell.

FOOTING UP JOY, NOT DOLLARS

““The best kind of social ‘uplift’ would be
something that made people happier. The
real uplift is of the soul, not of the body,”’
says Thomas Whitney Surette in ‘‘Music and
Life.”” Social workers and those who really
desire to help the poor may gain valuable
suggestions from the chapter on ‘“Community
Music’’ in Mr. Surette’s book. ‘‘In what are
called ‘the slums’ of the greatest American
and English cities,”” he says ‘I have seen
hundreds and even thousands of poor people
listening to the music of Beethoven in rapt
and tense silence.* * *Imagine a small opera
house in the lower East Side of New York or
in the North End or South End of Boston
which the people there might frequent at
sums within their means * * *I am familiar

with the old argument that concerts and op-
era so conducted would not pay. To thisI
reply that it is probably true. Does settle-
ment work pay? Does a library pay? Does
any altruistic endeavor anywhere pay? No;
nothing of this sort ever shows a money bal-
ance on the right side of the ledger. It foots
up in joy, not dollars.

DOING THE BEST WE CAN

One sweetly solemn thought comesto me
every night; I at my task have wrought, and
tried to do it right. No doubt it is punk, my ef-
forts are a jest; however poor my junk, it repre-
sents my best. If you, at close of day, when
sounds the quitting bell, that truthfully can say
you're doing pretty well. Some beat you galley
west, and bear away the praise, but you have
done your best,— in that the honor lies.

And having done your best, your conscience
doesn’t hurt; serene you go to rest, in your
long, muslin shirt.

And at the close of life, when you have said
goodbye to cousin, aunt, and wife, and all the
children nigh, you’ll face the river cold that
flows to islands blest, with courage high and
bold if you have done your best.

No craven fears you’ll know, no terrors fierce
and sharp, but like a prince you'll go, to draw
your crown and harp. So, then, whate’er the
field in which you do your stunt, whatever tool
you wield to earn your share of blunt, toil on
with eager zest, nor falter in that plan; the one
who does his best is God’s blue-ribbon man.

— Walt Mason.

BOOKS AS COMPANIONS

““The secret of a book is not contained in
the lifeless thing of leaves and covers; your
Aldine and your Elzevir tell me no more than
this handy reprint of the Temple Classies; it
is the heart, the heart of the book, that I
want. I look askance at your Persian deco-
rations, Riviere, Zaehnsdorf, and Cobden
Sanderson! I want a book for my pocket and
for the fields. It is a sunny autumn morn-
ing; the young breeze calls me to the open
road and the woodside; there is need of a
companion, but he must be like myself, rough
and ready. Plain clothes and an honest face;
and so we start upon our journey.’’

PETRIFIED TREES

The petrified trees of Arizona are now of
agate, amethyst, etc., these stone crystalliza-
tions having replaced the original wood. They
were once submerged.in an ancient sea and
again raised to earthly levels. Geologists
place their age at approximately 50,000,000
years.

TO IMPROVE ONE'S WORK

It is a good idea to hold a little conference
with yourself before you start in the day’s
work, and plan every detail of your work.
When the day is over and your work is done,
take inventory of what you have done, see
what you have omitted and what you have
done poorly.
