---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_096.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
IWa IsPet: Wl - Pet:
Cubs 10682739 Printers 12 1288500
Ninth 14 10 583 Athletics 04, 19 174
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Wi ISPt W T = Pet:
New York 28 N1 SAR639 Boston 14- 16 424
Phillies 23R4 EE622 Cincinatti 19 26 422
Chicago IS BT AR62D. Brooklyn 14 20 412
St. Louis 219208512 Pittsburg 14 . 27 341
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
WL ¢ Pet. W lu - Pet;
Boston 29 12 1707 Detroit T2 A A
Chicago 30 13 698 St. Louis 17 25 405
New York 23 18 561 Washingt'n 15 27 357
Cleveland 24 S22 STl Athletics 13 26 333

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Summer shone forth on Saturday as though
in compliment to the H. F. C. The sun had
plenty of heat init, and the members had an
afternoon full of enjoyment.

The checker and domino ‘‘bugs’ were lin-
ed along the 12th Block, ‘‘Potato Bill,’” high
up on the rocks, as though king of checkers,
and ‘“‘Doc’’ and ‘‘Jew Joe’’ down in the gul-
ly deep in dominoes.

Around on the other side, along the croquet
lawn, the more genteel and classy game of
chess was enjoyed by members who like to
toy with kings, queens, knights and castles.

Harry was behind his table, which was
well filled with articles of merit made by dif-
ferent members, and drove a brisk trade, a
percentage of which goes into the Club’s
treasury.

On the lawn, at the 6th Block, was the
full brass band, under Professor Wiegandt’s
able leadership, the program interspersed
with some vocal selections by Curly’s Quar-
tette and other singers.

On the baseballdiamond the shoe shop team
fought a baseball battle with the 4th Block
stars, and a good game was put up by both
teams. President Rube umpired the game,
and each side received a square deal. Since
Rube turned the baseball management over
to Jake he becomes a spectator, but he
watches every ball with itching hands to
catch it. The score of the first game was 9
to 6 in favor of the inside team, while on the
second the shoe shop won by 6 to 5.

Mr. Kraupa and Jimmy Mulligan were on
the grounds all the afternoon, and wherever
they went it was ‘‘Hello, Mr. Kraupa!’’ and
““There goes Jimmy!”’ Every one brighten-
ed at seeing them, just so good is it to see a
friendly face. And Mr. Kraupa beamed on
all. Come again, Mr. Kraupa and Jimmy
Mulligan.

The members fell in line promptly at1
o’clock for the regular march. The parade
was all it ever was. As though awaiting
the coming officers of registration the boys
appeared to straighten up, getting ready for
the march in France. The step was quick

2

and firm, the brass band of fifty-four pieces,
under Professor Wiegandt, rendered good
musie, and while even though the weather
was hot, every man was on his mettle.

Vice-President A 8432 was tempted to give
them the three times around, but just
as they passed the 4th Block Inspector Dr.
Hart appeared. His satisfaction was so ap-
parent by his hearty applause that Pete
weakened and said, ‘‘Let well enough alone.”’

The marching of the 7th Block was by far
the best in line this week. No doubt it was,
marching behind their ‘beautiful flag, to
show how sincere is their pride of possessing
such a beautiful flag. The vice-president
approached the 7th Block, with the sugges-
tion that the flag come to the head of the
parade.

Oh, what a howl went up. ‘‘No, no; it’s
the 7th Block’s flag. Let it lead the 7th
Block!”” - And it did, God bless it! and we
glory in the spunk of the gallant 7Tth.

During the week quite a sum was added to
the Club’s treasury. ‘‘Curly’’ purchased
twenty pictures of President Wilson on the
American flag (19x26), and this he had fram-
ed in a neat mission frame. With one of
these frames each delegate canvassed his
block for contributions. ¢‘Curly’’ canvassed
his own (the 11th) block and secured $11.25,
while the gallant 7th swelled up with $14.00,
then some big, others little, but a goodly
total was reached. The only cost to be taken
is the actual cost of picture and frame. The
rest goes in the treasury, while each block
is decorated with a good picture of President
Wilson, on the back of which, as a roll of
honor, is the number of the men and the
amount contributed. The cry from the 7th
Gal'lery is wait until our flag comes.

During the week it was learned that our
Rep. Delegate from the 2nd Block was sick.
The hope for a speedy recovery was realized
when her bright presznce was observed on
Saturday afternoon. The Auxiliary was
well pleased to see her. The Club extends
their sincere thanks to the lady members who
presented them with the beautiful silken flag.
It will be placed on the table at the delegates’
meetings.

B 5912 was given $1.00 assistance and re-
ferred to Mr. Dipple; 7439 was referred to
the Prisoners’ Aid Society. B 6381 wasloaned
$5.00, he went out on Thursday and proposes
to enlist. Good luck for his.

At the delegates’ meeting on Tuesday, May
29th, the first observance of the motion made
by B 7579, ‘“That Tuesday before Decoration
Day and Tuesday before Thanksgiving Day,
at the regular meeting of the Board of Dele-
gates, proper notice be given, the Chaplain
invited to attend, and thanks be given to God
for the health and privileges enjoyed by the
members of the H. F. C.”’

Complying with this motion, Chaplain Welch
was in attendance and gave the delegates a
straight from the shoulder talk as to the at-
tributes of real honor and friendship and ac-
tual manhood. Each phrase was well taken,

and the delegates who heard the Chaplain
were impressed with the true meaning of his
words.

He touched on patriotism, and said, ‘‘As a
veteran of ’61(he was chaplain of the 9lst
Pennsylvania Regiment), I know what sol-
diering is.”” Then, with sparkling eye, his
words rung clear and true, ‘“The man who
would neglect his country when his country
calls him don’t deserve to have a country. He
should be hung.”’

His remarks were applauded, and Presi-
dent R. C. McKenty arose in reply, and qual-
ified the Chaplain’s words in a manner that
left no doubt as to Our President being ready
for his country’s call.

The testament donated by Mrs. Clark of
Oklahoma was open on the table. The cus-
tom started with the reading of a passage
from this gift at each meeting.

Next week June 9th, 6 B—6 G—12:B—12 B
12-1-2—8—9—1—10—11.

Ask the Club’s librarian to explain the new
magazine proposition, —B 75,2,

Monday’s Games
Printers vs. Ninth

The game played at the Garage grounds
on Monday between the Printers and Ninth
proved interesting to the fans from the
start, each team putting up a good fight to
win. Several critical situations developed,
though no spectacular plays were made.
Baum made a fine catch and Boston made the
lone run for the Ninth. It required good work
for the Printers to win, with the score 2—-1 in
their favor. Silly pitched for the Printers,.
with rather poor control of the ball, Charlie
worked hard at the mound for the Ninth, strik-
ing out 9, with 7 hits recorded.

» R. 15[ E.
Printers..... 00051 105080205 0=2 7 0
Ninth .=« 1EOS0R0ROR0EOR0R0==1! 10 0

Double play—Hagy.
Two-baseshits— Davis, Spitz, Silly, Clarkie,
Stump, and Boston.

Cubs vs. Athletics

Monday’s game at the Storehouse between
the Athletics and Cubs abounded in unusually
good playing by both teams, and things look-
ed favorable for the Athletics until the fourth
round, when Jordan made a home run that
tied the score and tickled the fansimmensely.
The two runs made in the fifth, by Dutch and
Harvey, settled the score in favor of the
Cubs, the final round tallying 3—1 in their
favor. Boyd’s pitching arm seemed in gocd
working order, as he struck out 10, and al-
lowed but one pass and 4 hits. Russell pitch-
ed for the Athletics, striking out 7, passed 2,
and was found for 7 hits.

Ros T Huaa B
Cubsiersgica 00012000 0—3 Tl
Athletics...... 0: 150 2050- 020 00148 50

Home-run—Jordan.

Two-base hits—Slick, Cthk Sheehan, Fats
and Charlie.

Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.
