---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_097.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOV

Philadelphia, June 13, 1917

NO. 23

PRISON COMMISSION TO RE-
PORT NEW MEASURE IN 1919

According to a Harrisburg correspondent
the chances for any further action on prison
reform measures at this session of the Legis-
latureare very vague, asthe Sproul bill, which
was introduced recently and reported favor-
ably last Friday, provides for a two-years’
study of prison laws and systems by a state
commission, with the idea of proposiug a new
prison code for Pennsylvania at the next ses-
sion of the Legislature in 1919. It wasreport-
ed to the Senate by Senator Buckman with
an appropriation for the commission of $5,-
000. It is said that the measure is almost
certain to pass without opposition.

This bill was introduced at the request of
the Prison Reform Association, of which
William Draper Lewis, of Philadelphia, is
chairman, after a series of discouraging ex-
periences with bills affecting the prison sys-
tems, in the present Legislature.

It is candidly admitted by nearly every
one in the Legislature, that this state is far
behind near-by states inadvanced prisonlaws,
but the efforts at this time to improve the
situation seem tobe generally misunderstood,
and regarded with such indifference that it
is considersd best to give up fragmentary
work and go before the next Legislature with
a comprehenisve and equitable measure.

““It is the hope of prominent prison reform-
ers in the state that the investigation to be
conducted by the proposed commission will re-
sult in the adoption of a new and up-to-date
prison policy for Pennsylvania and in the
adoption by the next Legislature of reforms
inthe methods of dealing with prison inmates
which proved successful in other states.”’

OFF FOR SERVICE IN FRANCE

Two of this institution’s most popular and
efficient officers, Frank Tees and Frank Tuck-
er, who volunteered for active service in the
Ambulance Corps, prior to registration,
have lefthere for the Allentown, Pa., canton-
ment to undergo a six-weeks’ course of in-
struction preparatory work prior to embark-
ation for France, where it is expected they
will be immediately sent forward to the fir-
ing line for service with the U. S. forces.
The ambulance service back of the firing line
is of a particularly hazardous nature and the
mortality has been very high in the present
Furopean war.

It is very much to the credit of these
worthy young men that they chose that
branch of the service where the danger is
greatest ard the chances for adequate re-
ward for valiant service are of the least.

Messrs. Tees and Tucker bida host of
friends good-by yesterday before leaving
Philadelphia, while all joined in wishingthem
safe return from the path of perilous duty.

FLAG DAY

Tomorrow will be Flag Day, and it will be
generally observed in all the states of the
Union. The occasion will be marked by a
keen sense of loyalty, sacrifice and courage,
and with faith in the great future of our
glorious country.

The first flag of the United Stales was
raised by Washington at Cambridge, Mass.,
on January 2, 1776, and consisted of thirteen
stripes, alternate red and white, with a blue
canton emblazoned with the crosses of St.
George and St. Andrew, similar to the Brit-
ish flag. Congress changed it in 1776, so
that the red and white stripes should have
the blue canton with thirteen white stars in
place of the crosses.

Our flag of today is practically the same
as the original one adopted in June, 1776, ex-
cept that the thirteen stars have increased
to forty-eight. It has been said of our flag
that it stands for all that is noblest, beauti-
ful and good, and that it has inspired the no-
blest deeds recorded in history by its loyal
supporters in the past. ‘‘Long may it wave
over the land of the free and the home of
the brave.’’

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK
Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Cubs

Wednesday’s game at the Storehouse ground
between the Printers and Cubs, proved a de-
light to the fans who like to see a well-play-
ed game. Things favored the Printers until
the sixth round, when the score was tied by
the Cubs. Strong efforts were made by both
sides to turn the tide their way, when the
luck fell to Tony to cross the plate on Frank’s
safe hit, winning the game for the Printers.

| S 5 B
Printersiar 0406000100=5 4 0
Q0°0:0.2' 200 0—4 9 0

Home runs—Silly and Pidge.

Three-base hits—Boyd and Lucky.

Two-base hits—Jordan 2, Chick 2, and
Lucky. »

Umpires—Rabbie and Ty Cobb.

Ninth vs. Athletics

The game at the Garage grounds on Wednes-
day between the Ninth and Athletics was too
one-sided to arouse the interest of the fans,
the Ninth having the game in their hands frem
the start. Mack was at the mound for the
team and struck out 9, with no pastes and but

5 hits. Charlie pitched for the Athletice and
walked 3, struck out 9, and was found for 6 hits.
eer b 18y
Nith e 102150005 0—T7 "= 6=tk
000 1:0-0-0:0-0—=1"2= 521
Two-base hits—Stump, Jim, Mike,and B 8343.
Umpires—]Jimmie and Barrington.

Thursday’s Game
Cubs vs. Athletics

The tie game between the Cubs and Ath-
letics was played off at the Storehouse grounds
on Thursday, and resulted in a whitewash for
the Athletics. Boyd’s work at the mound
for the Cubs was of the best, as he held his op-
ponents down to two hits, striking out 13,
with no walks. Russell’s curves were not
effective, as he was found for 7 hits and 3

passes. He struck out 5.

RESHSNE
Cubsit s i S s 0.1 1 1500005 —3= 70
Athletics.............. 0000000—0 2 2

Three-base hit—Chick.

Double play— White.

Two-base hits—Pidge, D. C., Lucky and
Mooney.

Umpires—Ty Cobb and Barrington.

Friday’s Games

Cubs vs. Printers

The fans turned out in large numbers to
witness Friday’s game at the Storehouse
grounds between the Cubs and Printers, and
the game proved to be one of the best played
of the season, both teams showing up well.
Harvey’s safe hit in the first round opened
the game in good style, so that close atten-
tion was centered on the efforts of the play-
ers to score. The score was tied in the first
half of the fifth inning by the Printers, but
the Cubs topped this with one run, and the
score stood 2—1 to the end. Harvey’s work
at the mound proved satisfactory by striking
out 8, with only one pass and 2 hits. Silly
pitched for the Printers, striking out 6, with
4 passes and 4 hits allowed.

R.. H. E
Cubs= oo 1RO 0F 1IROZ 0% 0R(E—2 S 128 =()
Printers = ... 0202020710 050051 220

Two-base hit—Lucky.
Umpires—Rabbie and Stackhouse.

Ninth vs. Athletics

. The Ninth again outplayed the Athletics at
the Garage grounds on Friday, starting the
first inning with a clever double play by Bob-
bie, which was the main feature of the game.

Spookie pitched for the Ninth, striking out
3, with 2 passes and 3 hits allowed. West held
the mound for the Athletics in the first round,
but was replaced by Charlie in the second.

(Continued on page 4.)
