---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_098.jpg
---
DN

THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, June 13, 1917

““Learning vmproves the innate forces, and
good discipline confirms the mind.’’

THE INDETERMINATE SENTENCE

It can be safely asserted that the indeter-
minate sentence is fast gaining new advo-
cates as time advances, and if one may judge
from present indications, it will not be long
before that method of passing sentence
upon law-breakers becomes general in this
country. As matters now stand, no two
judges give the same sentence for a similar
offense, which is the cause of much dissatis-
faction to many because it works extreme
hardship to some, while others fare well and
are permitted to escape the rigors of the law
with a light sentence.

It was recently declared by a well-known
New York jurist that the failure of our pres-
ent penal code was largely due to the
manner in treating prisoners. The fact that
more than half of the prison inmates are old
offenders, averred the judge, is ‘‘principally
because there was no real attempt to study
the conditions of the criminal mind. When pris-

-oners are turned out at the end of a specified
term, they are little changed in thought and
soon drift back into their own haunts and in-
to crime.’’

As a fact, no man can discern with any de-
gree of precision just how long a man ought
be locked up in order to protect society
against the commission of crime. ‘“Where
one judge may impose a term of three years
on an offender, another judge, having
had a heavy dinner the night before, might
pronounce the maximum of ten years for the
same culprit.”’” To remedy this evil, it was
suggested that the indeterminate sentence
be adopted, ‘‘leaving it with an independent
board of parole vested with the power to
bring the prisoner before the court for judg-
ment.’’

Referring to the indeterminate method of
imposing sentence in New York state, it was
declared to be ‘‘one of the greatest steps
ever taken in prison reform, and had worked
out most admirably.”” In conjunction with
the present system, the establishment of a
psychiatic ward for examination of prisoners
was averred to be necessary to proper scien-
tific handling of the great problem.

By providing an indeterminate sentence, it
was asserted, ‘‘prisoners may be referred to
the board of parole by the judge, with a max-
imum number of years as the sentence. In
case an offender is sentenced for three years
and the board decides that after one year he
has been sufficiently impressed with his re-
sponsibilities to society to be discharged, the
prisoner is set free, with the remaining two
years as a term of probation.”” Again if at
the end of a stipulated term, it is thought
that the prisoner is still unfit for release, his
sentence may be extended to fit the require-
ments of the case.

OUR FLAG

In answer to a number of inquiries about
our flag, we gather from official authority
that the arrangement of the stars on our
flag is regulated by law and executive order.
The last order was issued in October, 1912,
and provided that 48 stars be arranged in
horizontal rows of eight stars each. Begin-
ning at the upper left hand corner and read-
ing each row from left to right as one would
read a book, each state’s star is placed in
the order in which it entered the Union. For
instance, star No. 1is for Delaware, which
was the first state to be admitted, No. 2 is
for Pennsylvania, No. 3 is for New Jersey,
and so on down to No. 48, which is for Ari-
zona.

The following is the order in which the
states were admitted and from which each
state’s star may be seen:

2 Pennsylvania
4 Georgia
6 Massachusetts

1 Delaware
3 New Jersey
5 Connectieut

7 Maryland 8 South Carolina
9 N. Hampshire 10 Virginia
11 New York 12 North Carolina

14 Vermont
16 Tennessee

13 Rhode Island
15 Kentucky

17 Ohio 18 Louisiana
19 Indiana 20 Mississippi
21 Illinois 22 Alabama
23 Maine 24 Missouri
25 Arkansas 26 Michigan
27 Florida 28 Texas

29 Towa 30 Wisconsin
31 California 32 Minnesota
33 Oregon 34 Kansas

35 W. Virginia 36 Nevada

38 Colorado
40 South Dakota

37 Nebraska
39 North Dakota

41 Montana 42 Washington
43 Idaho 44 Wyoming
45 Utah 46 Oklahoma
47 New Mexico 48 Arizona

The dimensions on our flag are also fixed
by provisions of law which must be strictly
followed. Its length must be exactly one
and nine-tenths its height, and there must
be 13 horizontal stripes. The union or blue
field, on which the stars are arranged, must
be just seven strides high and its length
must be 76-100 of the height of the flag. The
stars are five-pointed and must be placed

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

with one point standing upward. When a
new state is admitted, its star is added on
the Fourth of July next succeeding the date
of its admission.

The flag is usually displayed on government
buildings and on the houses of all patriotie
organizations and the homes of private eciti-
zens throughout the country on the days
specified below.

Lincoln’s birthday, February 12; Washing-
ton’s birthday, February 22; Inauguration
day, March 4; Battle of Lexington, April 19;
Battle of Manila Bay, May 1; Memorial day,
May 30; Mother’s day, 2nd Sun. in May; Flag
day, June 14; Battle of Bunker Hill, June 17;
Independence day, July 4; Labor day, first
Monday in September; Lake Erie day, Sep-
tember 11; Columbus day, October 2; Battle
of Saratoga, October 17; Surrender of York-
town, October 19.

MUSIC FROM LIGHT

According to tradition it is claimed that on
the plains of Egypt, 3000 years ago,the giant
statue of the Memni emitted weirdly beautiful
notes when struck by the first rays of the rising

~sun., Today, after 3000 years, it is interesting

to know that we have at last reached the point
of transmuting light rays directly into sound
rays.

In Dr. Lee de Forest’s laboratory there are a
numberof smallsphericalincandescentbulbs,from
which can be obtained a succession of musicaj
notes, clear and sweet, of surprising volume, the
pitch and timbre of which can be varied almost
at will toimitateany musical tone ofan oichestra.

During *he work on the experiments in devol-
ving the audion as a wireless telephone detector
and incidentally as an amplifier to be used on
the long-distance liies, the discovery was made
that when the circuits of the audion were con-
nected in a certain way, a clear musical note
was heaid in a telephone receiver,which was con-
nected in one of these circuits. The pitch of
the notes is very easily regulated by changing
the capacity or the inductance in the circuits.

A scale has been arranged similar in function
to that of an organ, with switchesin the place
of keys, so that by pressing ccrtain keys the
operater can cut out, or in, more or less induct.
ance or resistance, thus changing the note
omitted from the telephone receiver at will.

— The Uplift.

—
