---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_099.jpg
---
“———ﬁ_—__——_———————_—————“____'_

PROFITS

Profits are what the storekeeper has after
he has paid his bills, and you have settled his
account.

If it wasn’t for profits, the storekeeper
could not live. This would cause the facto-
ries to close down, banks would fail, and jobs
would become as scarce as nobie, high-mind-
ed burglars. Thus, it seems that it is profits
after all that make the world go ’round.

But the trouble is that some people seem
determined to make the world exceed the
speed limit.

There are three kinds of profits: fair prof-
its, big profits and trust profits.” There are
also net profits and gross profits. The Eng-
lish call gross profits ‘‘takings.’’ For a na-
tion, which doesn’t know a monopoly when it
sees it, thisis a remarkably clever definition.

Profits vary greatly in various lines of busi-
ness. You can buy a pound of silver for $8,
but if a solemn man with long hair takes the
silver, and hammers it for two days, he can
make it into a tea tray full of sublime dents,
and sell it for $175. That is what comes of
mixing profits with brains.

On the other hand, the hardware man will
sell you a small iron bolt for 5 cents, and will
mak 2 4 cents profit on it. But the automo-
bile repatr man will charge you 75 cents for
the same bolt, and $3.25 for putting it in
place, and a quarter for the wear and tear on
his wrench and overalls.

That is what comes of mixing profits with
gall.

Occasionally a man gets all of something
that there is. In that case, what he makes
isn’t profits, it is swag.

Some men are better at making prof-
its than others. The farmers are getting
rich selling hogs at 9 cents a pound, while
the packers claim they are getting poor sell-
ing pork at 25 cents a pound. Some presi-
dents get$50,000 a year for their services, and
die poor, while some aldermen get $1 a meet-
ing and amass vast fortunes.

- Large profits are pleasant, but dangerous.
They cause financial congestion, which has to
be relieved by long applications of society,
automobiles, gay sons, private yachts and tick-
er tapes. On the other hand, small profits
are usually only light lunches for some other
fellow’s big profits.

Take it all around, profits are a worry
which only ceases after we have died and the
undertaker has made a 265 per cent. profit by
mixing it with grief.

The great trouble with this country is the
fact that there are too many profits without
honor in it.

—George Flitch.

According to careful observers,squirrels do
not usually lay up their supply of nutsin a
pile. Instead, each nut is buried separately.
They can not eat them all, and what they do
not consun e spring up and form unlform nut
tree forests.

THE UMPIRE

KEEP UP YOUR PLUCK

Keep up your pluck and take another hold,
Don’t whimper; it is useless to complain.

Fortune still deals her favors to the bold.
There’s never loss but somewhereis a gain.

While you haveleft your body and your brain,
In spite of all misfortune be consoled,
There’s always hope while these you still re-
tain,
Keep up your pluclg and take another hold.
The world to you may seem both hard and cold,
And yet it is a good world in the main;
If sympathy is in small measure doled,
Don’t whimper; it is useless to complain.

With cheerful smiles conceal the hidden pain.
Leave your vexations and your wrong un-
told.
Fight, but if beaten, from weak tears refrain,
= Fortune still deals her favors to the bold.

Oh, those invertebrates who fret and scold,
Make faces at the cup they have to drain,
Dumbly despair at loss of land or gold!
There’s never loss but somewhere is a gain.
Be valiant. Bound, then strive to break the
chain
That binds you. Show yourself of iron mold.
Sit down and weep and you will weep in_vane;
Work manfully and fate may be controlled.
—F'rom Tit-Bits.

OUR FLAG

The 7th Gallery came into its own on Sat-
urday, or rather it was Friday that there
was unfurled to the breeze the most beauti-
ful American flag that could possibly be
bought or made. Made of the best silk,
each stripe sewed together by hand and each
star in the blue, hand embroidered on both
sides, a beautiful varnished sectional pole,
with a golden eagle perched on the top and
two golden ropes with tassels and their ends,
a canvas cover and a shoulder strap and sock-
et to carry it on parade. What a beautiful
picture it makes, and complete in every de-
tail! No wonder the residents of the 7th
Gallery said, ‘“Wait till you see our flag.”’

-The overseers, Messrs. Talbot and Bailey,
went into the spirit of the occasion, each
contributing $1.00 toward the fund and using
their enthusiasm with ‘‘Let’s get a good
one!”’ and they did.

Too much credit cannot be given Mr. Frank
C. Kenyon, 1838 Columbia Avenue, Phila-
delphia, Pa., manufacturer of flags, for the
part he played in the occasion. Delegate B
5793 wrote him a letter, and a representative
of the firm called to see the delegate. ‘“What
kind of a flag do you boys want?’’ he queried.
““We have so much money, and we want the
best we can get,’’ was the reply. ‘‘You shall
have the very best there is, regardless of
cost. Such patriotismm shall be encour-
aged,’”” was Mr. Kenyon’s reply; and they got
it

Long may ‘‘Old Glory’’ wave, and no man
will pass by the 7th Gallery with covered

3

head while the beautiful emblem floats across.
The patriotism of each man was shown
when the subscription was taken up. Some
gave a dollar and some gave a dime, but the
man who contributed a dime is of the same
importance in the whole as he who gave a
dollar. The thanks of every good American
is for Mr. Frank C. Kenyon. — B. 7542.

WE ARE MEASURED BY INCHES

Nearly everybody knows what a little thing
an inch is, but comparatively few realize

- what a big thing it is.

Few stop to contemplate what the differ-
ence in an inch really means. A tailor knows
when an inch too much or too little has.cost
him anywhere from $18.00 to $20.00. A dress-
maker knows when an inch too little of the
goods on hand may cause her an arduous day
of planning, to abandon a chosen pattern for
another. An engineer knows when his train,
with its carload of human freight, has gone
one inch off the track over a precipice.

Some men have minds one inch off the
judgment track, and that causes all their
schemes, gigantic and brilliant as they may
be, to run amuck.

Every calamity and every success in life is
controlled by inches.

Men rarely go to their doom in an hour. [t
is inch by inch.

All successes are won inch by inch.

As inch by inch the waters of life creep in
to engulf us, so inch by inch the obstacles
that impede our progress move aside.

The man who attempts to leap over the
inches to reach his goal gets there with a
broken leg.

The word inch has a forblddlng sound. It
is because it holds us in its clutches. We can
not ignore an inch or it immediately thwarts
our intentions. Every simple thing is per-
formed by man, as the saying goes, within
““an inch of his life.”’

All diseases move inch by inch. Before the
scarlet fever breaks out in a child it has been
developing inch by inch for nine days.

The overstepping of an inch in the proprie-
ties of life brands us. If a girl ina theater
laughs an inch too loud the audience looks
around and puts upon her the stamp of ‘‘not
a lady.”’

Deportment is measured by inches, and woe
be unto the man who fails to observe its
dictates. Even in the deepest grief if one
goes too far in his wailings the grief
is questioned, if not ridiculed, and sympathy
turned aside.

An inch too far in the poet’s flight to im-
agination’s realms and the world laughs at
his best efforts. '

A single inch in any direction may throw
away a man’s chances for the world’s ap-
proval, and yet some men do not even con-
sider thé yards.

It is the man who considers life within an
inch of every detail presented who succeeds.
