---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_100.jpg
---
\

THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W= Pet WS et
Cubs 20 07 740 Printers I SESTASEA Q]
Ninth 1788108629 Athletics 0423748
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
WL S Bet: Wl T P ets
Phillies 26 15 634 Cirzcinatti 232845
New York 26 16 619 Boston HGEN22 88424
Chicago 29 21 586 Brooklyn 16 23 410
St. Louis 255 AL B Pittsburg 15 30 333
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
Wil P et Wa S =P ete
Chicago 83 15 688 Detroit 20 24 455
Boston 298 1582659 St. Louis 18 27 400
New York 24P (V515 Washingt’'n 17 20 370
Cleveland 26 25 510 Athletics 1527357

HONOR CLUB NOTES

There is some one who has said, ‘‘You nev-
er know how warm it is until somebody tells
you;’’ and it applied on Saturday when the
Second Section of the H. F. C. took their
usual Saturday outing.

First came Professor Wiegandt with‘‘How
many times around today, Pete? You know
it’s pretty warm.’’ Pete just smiled and re-
plied, ‘“We’ll see.”’

Warm as it was, each man was ready and
waiting when one o’clock came and Jake and
Jimmie, representative delegates, called from
the Center down each block, ‘‘Let ’em
come!”” Orderly and smiling, each man fell
in line, and as the blocks crossed the Center,
past the ever present American flag that
waves in the breeze, Captain Souder re-
marked, ‘‘There’s many a good man there
willing enough to join the army.’”’

There was a burst of color waiting, for
massed in front were three new flags—Amer-
ican, French and English. These, with the
red, white and green of Italy and the flags
already owned by the Club, gave a burst of
color that stirred all who saw it.

Too much can not be said of the new silk
flag of the 7th Gallery. Charlie, who carried
it, showed his pride of office in both bearing
and step. It required no imagination to piec-
ture the result if any one should dare to lay
a hand on the flag except with reverence and
love. The Club thanks the 7th Gallery for
its patriotism, and the country can but re-
spect the men who, when it comes to a show
of patriotism, say: ‘‘Give us the best there
is, and here’s my all.”’

Vice-President A 8432 was perspiring from
every pore, and stuck to it for twice around
the wall, and when it was finished he said,
““I could do it again.”’

The Warden, with President R. C. McKen-
ty, reviewed the men and pronounced their
appearance fine.

The parade, which was reviewed again by
the Board of Governors, who had some diffi-
culty in selecting the best marchers, the It-
alian squad and the 11th Block marched so

well, but then the 1st Block Zouaves came
along, and it was all over. They are a fine
marching body of men, and their bearing and
step was perfect. The 1st Block is the prize
winner this week. The ball game was play-
ed between two teams picked from the 1st
Block, the second between the 1st and10th
blocks. Every one enjoyed themselves and
the scores didn’t matter.

On the band stand, decorated with the
large flags that had been carried in the pa-
rade, under Professor Wiegandt’s able lead-
ership, the band played string military
marches, all of which were military and
inspiring.

Directly at the entrance was the large new
French flag, beautiful in its coloring, and so
like our own dear flag that it proves how
close are the affections of the two peoples,
when their choice of an emblem is so like.
Many sons of the land of Napoleon felt the
tightening of the throat when they saw the
beautiful flag of their country side by side
with ‘‘Old Glory.”” On the other side of the
entrance was Italy’s red, white and green,
DiMasse standing rigid, as though on guard.
Then came the English flag, its pround blend-
ing of color denoting the power for which
the lion and crown stands. Verily, the sight
was inspiring.

During intervals several members with
good voices sang songs. B 8086 gave a song
of his own composing, ‘‘By the Dear Old
River Shore.’”” He has had this song copy-
righted and is waiting for the first copies.

Charlie Winston sang ‘‘Curly’s’’ ‘‘Prisen
Blues’’ as only Winston can sing it, and
from the applause and the manner in which
the air was whistled by the listeners, its
popularity is assured. The “‘Curly’”’ Min-
strel Quartette sang ‘‘Moonlight Makes Me
Long for You’’ in a creditable manner, and
several other good selections were sung.

The line-up along the 12th Block was filled
with the checker ‘‘bugs,’” and ‘‘Potato Bill”’
was getting the defeat of his life when the
bugle sounded; and although the fellows
would have remained out in the sunshine as
long as the sunshine lasted, no protest was
heard, but like good soldiers, ‘‘’Twas not for
to reason why,’’ so they merely fell in, and
content, if not satisfied, marched home(?).

Harry was on the job at his sales-stand and
did fairly well. There was a moment during
the the week when it was thought Harry
would not sell any more goods.

Our friend Mr. Kraupa was with us, smil-
ing and kind as ever. We are happy just to
see you, Mr. Kraupa.

Chief Engineer Cook had three interested
visitors who were surprised to note the ab-
sence of any disorder among such a large
body of men.

Dan Carmichael on Saturday afternoon,
with a flowing bunch of spirage bristling
from his chin, the two-colored clown suit
and the cap, and the baby that walks on
its hands carefully carried, brought up the
rear end of the parade, a whole show

in himself. Dan and himself are
nuff’’ laugh raiser.

B 8099 received the copyright on his ‘“Hon-
or and Friendship March’’ this week. Next
it will go to press, and then—well, automo-
mobiles with riches are for successful authors
and composers.

Attention is called to the rule that states
that, ‘‘any member who from fancied or other
grievance, may resign from the Club, he will
not be reinstated until after a period of from
three months to one year shall have elapsed.”’
This applies also to suspension for cause, and
will be lived up to.

The corridors have apatriotic appearance—
““Old Glory’’ on the 7th Gallery, the Ameri-
can, English and Italian in the 7th Block,
the American on the 1st and the French flag
suspended across the 11th, while from each
block and gallery hangs President Wilson’s
picture on a background of the American
flag.

The Daily Bulletins are placed in the bul-
letin boxes, and we acknowledge and thank
Mr. Joyce, of the Public Ledger, for making
it possible for the Editor of the Bulletins,
B 8361, to secure the news each day.

Next week, June 16, 1st Section, 7 G, 4 G,
4B,5B,5G, 7B and 3 B. —B 7542.

the ‘‘sho

(Continued from page 1.) *

He did not prove effective, however, as he was

found for 7 hits,walking 3, and striking out 6.
18,0 d8L . 18

NI e e 240200000—8 10 0
301000000—4 4 O

Two-base hits—DBobbie, Jake, Boston, Stump,
Culp, D. C., and Softcoal.

Double play—Bobbie.

Umpires—Ty Cobb, Barrington and Henry.

Monday’s Games

Cubs vs. Printers

The Storehouse game proved disastrous
for the Printers, as they seemed unable to
find the ball, only one hit marking the play.
Hagy did good work at the mound for his
team, but the support was rather weak. He
struck out 12, walked 1 and allowed but 2 hits.
Boyd pitched for the Cubs, and struck out 7,
with but 1 hit and no passes.

The game was interrupted with an argu-
ment which was settled by the umpire.

8% . E.
Printers.....0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 1 0
Cubs:...-..-:0°0 0°000 00°1 -0—1 3 0
Double play—Chick.
Two-base hit—Sheehan.
Umpires— Simmie and Barrington.
Ninth vs. Athletics
: R: oH.B:
Ninth st 0.0.0210000-3 7 0
Athlertics...... 000000000—0 1 0

Double play—B 8671.

Two-base hits—Spooky, Mack, S. H., and
B 8431.

Umpires—Rabbie and Stackhouse.
