---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_101.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, June 20, 1917

NO. 24

PRISONERS MAY BE DRAFTED

According to a current report it is thought
possible that Congress may pass a bill pex-
mitting the enlistment of state prisoners in
the army and navy during the present war
with Germans.

Joseph P. Byers, of this city, secretary of
the National Prison Association, states that
present indications point to the posssible
drafting into the service of the United States
army and navy of all prisoners in penalinsti-
tutions who may be physically and mentally
fit for military duties. @ This matter was
thrashed out in detail at a meeting of the
National Conference of Charities and Cor-
rections, held at Pittsburg last week.

Mr. Byers attended the conference of dele-
gates representing the penal institutions and
seemed enthusiastic about the proposition of
igsuing a call for a convention of the Govern-
ors of every State in the Union, to put be-
fore them the question of obtaining the
necessary authority to draft the prisoners of
available age into the U. S. service. The
present ruling of the War Department ex-
tends the age limit to forty years.

PRISON BILLS PASSED

From a Harrisburg correspondent it is

learned that the House bill appropriating -

$100,000 for the manufacturing fund of the
State Prison Labor Commission and also the
measure appropriating $25,000 for the organ-
ization and work of a bureau markets in the
Department of Agriculture, passed the As-
sembly last week. Itis also reported that
the bill authorizing the employment of pris-
oners on leased or county farms passed the
Senate, as did the Prison Commission bill
providing for the appointment of a commis-
sion of five persons to investigate prison sys-
tems with a view of bringing about the need-
ed reforms in the Pennsylvania system.

IN THE BASEBALL WORLD

We are glad to know that Pittsburg is once
more represented in the National League by
Hans Wagner.

* ¥
Wagner is again with the Pirates, but the

Carsairs, seemingly, are not with Wagner.

*
¥* *

It is said that the White Sox average less
runs in the course of a season than any of

their rivals, but, then, so does Willie Hoppe.

&
ES *®

A fine of $500 and a suspension for sixteen
days seems like placing a premium on um-
pire-strafir g.

Some one said that the punishment inflicted
on “Muggsy’’ McGraw for parking a punch
on Umpire Byron’s lip was just about as
severe as imposing another flea on a migrat-
ing mongrel.

R

It is said that the Baltimore Federals, in
suing the major league magnates for the
$900,000, must have cherished delusions
that the defendants represented unorganized
baseball. It is a tribute to the national game
that the suit of the Baltfeds against Organ-
ized Baseball lasted almost a week and the
arbiter was not assaulted. But, then, the
Giants were in the West.

*
x® *

In a severe arraignment of Prexy Tener,
McGraw says that he has tried to make some-
thing more than a joke out of the National

League. We’ll credit you with an assist for
trying, anyway, John.
*
ES *

““Willie’” Keeler, probably the most scien-
tific willow-wielder in the history of the game,
says that the modern batsman does not get
away from the plate quickly enough. Willie
evidently never saw Carl Mays serving his

more or less calorific ‘‘bean’’ ball.

*
* *

Pitcher Ralph Comstock, recently secured
from the Louisville American Association
Club, pitched a no-hit, no-run game for Bir-
mingham Saturday against Nashville, of the
Southern Association. He also hit a home
run. Comstock was wild at times, but was
never in danger.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Ninth

The Cubs took another game from the
Ninth at the Garage grounds on Wednesday,
though the latter team opened the first round
by crossing the home plate. Harvey’s work
on the mound for the Cubs was encouraging,
and his teammates played up to the lead. He
struck out 9, walked 1, and allowed 4 hits.
Mack pitched for his team, but proved easy
for his opponents, and was found for 8 hits,
striking out 8. Sheehan’s double-play fea-

tured.

RIS |
Cubseuse = 0200001104 Bea=:()
Ninthissssissars 10000000 0—1 A ()

Double-play— Sheehan.
Two-base hits—Harvey,
Chick and Mack.
- Umpires—Billy McKenty, Stackhouse and
Rabbie

Slick, Mooney,

Athleticé vs. Printers

The Athletics-Printers game at the Store-
house grounds on Wednesday proved a vie-
tory for the Athletics, owing to the
Printers’ inability to find the ball. The sec-
ond round resulted in a showing of the first
tally for the Printers, and things looked well
for them until the fourth inning, when their
opponents made three runs, the score re-
maining 83—1 to the finish. Charlie’s work
in the box for the Athletics was highly dis-
concerting to the Printers, as he allowed but
1 hit, striking out 7. Silly struck out 6
and was found for 4 hits.

R
Athletics 000300000—-3 4 1
R IEIES soco e 051 OR0T0 - 0N0EQR0"" [SSE |l

Two-base hit—Whitie.
Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

Friday’s Games
Printers vs. Athletics

Friday’s game at the Storehouse between
the Printers and Athletics was an even-up
contest from start to finish, each team work-
ing hard to win the race. Spitz was on the
mound for the Printers and was found for 6
hits, striking out 9. Charlie No. 2 pitched
for the Athletics, holding his opponents down
to 2 hits and 1 pass, striking out 4. The
game was interesting, but no spectacular
plays were made, and resulted in a tie.

5 R H el
Printers......... 0021505008080 80-211 2 0
Athleties........ 1502050080200 =1 6 0

Three-base hit— Whitie.

Umpires—Jimmie and Barrington.

Ninth vs. Cubs

The fans witnessed a closely contested
game at the Garage grounds on Friday, be-
tween the Cubs and Ninth, in which only one
run was made throughout the game, and that
by the Ninth. Boyd’s pitching arm was a
little strained from overwork and he was
not at his best. He struck out- 8, walked 3,
and allowed 4 hits. Hagy loomed up well at
the box for the Ninth, striking out 12, and
allowing only 3 hits. Harvey relieved Boyd
in the last inning.

R H =
INIntheE Tt tes e 07 02080150502 050-— T i (]
Cubs. L. 000000000—0 3 0

Struck out—By Harvey, 2.
Umpires—Rabbie and Stackhouse.

Cubs vs. Ninth

: RE-He R
Cubs s 2001503220070+ 0-—5 b el
Ninth= s OR0¥ TR0 0R0- (= 12EE6 1

Umpires—Rabbie and Stackhouse.
