---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_102.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

e ————— e e ———————————————————

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

"Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, June 20, 1917

“Shallow men believe in luck; strong men
believe in cause and effect.’’

THERE IS ALWAYS A CHANCE

Well it is said that ‘‘while there is life
there is hope.”” But a great part of the
world is hopeless and is yet alive. ‘“Why is
that?’’ asks a writer in New Way.

Simply because men think they can not
have another chance. And by the power of
that new thought they shut themselves out
from it. For both hope and despair are
powers, acting both on_circumstances with-
out and on the man himself, at work either
for him or against him. Another chance is
what every fallen man cries for. And it is
within his reach all the time if he will but
use his strength upon himself instead of ask-
ing some one else to give him another chance
or cursing others tor not doing so. It will
never come until he is risen to meet it. But
it will come when he has.

.What holds a man down is usually the
memory of his mistakes and the belief that
he must carry the corpse of his dead past
upon his back and the ghosts of all his fail-
ures in his mind until death sets him free.

Why not start each day as if it were a re-
birth? Why wait ondeath for the clean slate?

We have the power to wipe out the memo-
ry of the past, to bury the corpse ot our
former life, to clear out of our minds the
ghosts of our failures and weaknesses, and
to rise reborn in strength and hope. Mental
corpses and ghosts are not fit companions
for a man who wants to make a new start in
lite. :

The new start must be inside a man’s own
mind. That made, the rest will finally take
care of itself. A man always attracts the
conditions without that fit his inner atti-
tude. He does not realize his own power in
this matter.

We must put the past behind us—where it
belongs—and keep it there, if we would give
ourselves another chance.

Clean out your ghosts! Wipe out the past!
Give yourself a fresh start! You have an-
other chance within you all the time. No one
else can give it to you. You must take it or
make it for yourself and in yourself.

A man.can be born again in this sense if
he has the WILL. But he will never do it if

he is relying on other people to do it for
_him.

If he is not strong enough to do it all at
once, let him free himself gradually from
the corpse of the past; let him get rid of his
ghosts one by one, keeping on trying until
at last by the great WILL of the Soul he
suddenly creates himself a new man. And
then all the rest will follow.

PRACTICAL PHILOSOPHY OF LIFE

Thequestion isoften asked, Howdid Frank-
lin make himself so effective a man? How did
he succeed, where others failed? The secret
of it lies in his practical philosophy of life.

It is well that he bequeathed that secret to
us in the maxims which he composed for his
own guidance during bhis voyage back to
America from England, when he was twenty-
two years of age. The snappy phrases are
as full of vitality today as when first writ-
ten. They are as follows:

Eat not to dullness; drink not to elevation.

Speak naught but what may benefit others
or yourself; avoid trifling conversation.

Lose no time; be always employed in some-
thing useful; cut off all unnecessary actions.

Use no hurtful deceit; think innocently and
justly, and if you speak, speak accordingly.

Tolerate no uncleanliness in body, clothes,
or habitation.

Be not disturbed at trifles or at accidents
common or unavoidable.

Drive thy business; let not thy business
drive thee.

Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man
healthy, wealthy, and wise.

He that hath a calling hath an office of
profit and honor.

One today is worth two tomorrows.

Buy what thou hast no need of and ere
long thou shalt sell thy necessaries.

Keep your eyes wide open before marriage,
half shut afterwards.

They that won’t be counseled can’t be
helped.

A man may, if he knows not how to save
as he gets, keep his nose all his life to the
grindstone, and die not worth a groat at
last.

World wise, these maxims; but sound rules
of conduct. Franklin was no doddering Pol-

onius, looking for advantage where others

could have none. -

He was worldly-wise, but he employed his
worldly wisdom to serve not enly himself but
his friends, his neighbors, and finally his
country. With it all he was humble.

Some of the songs of Norway consist of
hundreds of four-line verses, which must
surely be a hard test to the memory of the
singers. Sometimes two singers will have a
duet in such a song, singing verse after verse
alternately. He whose memory, or in de-
fault of memory, invention, fails him first is
loser.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. :

CURIOUS FRENCH DUEL

It is said that Charles Coypeau, Sieur d’As-
sonci, a French poet and musician of the
seventeenth century,relates in his book ‘‘Ad-
tures,’’ that his father and mother were one
day engaged in a discussion on questions of
law when a dispute arose between them as to
the precise signification and bearing of a pro-
vision in Justinian’s code with respect to the
rights of brothars.

Ultimately the quarrel waxed so furious
that the disputants lost all control of them-
selves, defied each other to single combut,
and proceeded to settle their difference and
determine the mind of the ancient legislator
by a fight with swords.

This singular duel took place in their son’s
presence. Coypeau, pere, was an advocate
by profession and a member of one of the
French parliaments. Madame was exceed-
ingly diminutive and bad to wear exceeding-
ly high pattens to approach the ordinary
stature of women, but she was fierce and
domineering in temper. The combat seems
to have been a drawn battle, and the sense
of Justinian remained as secure and debata-
ble as ever.

IS HISTORY TO REPEAT?

Two thousand years without a peer, con-
ceded even by the Indefatigable Corsican
to have been the Master Soldier of all time,
and yet after fifteen years of victorious war-
fare he was, through no fault of his own,
compelled to submit. Who? Hannibal?
Why? Well, because like a goodly number
of our honorable American money-nuts the
Carthagenians positively refused to ‘‘kick
in’’ with the essential ‘‘kale.’’

This war may or may not produce one or
several Hannibals, but the fate of our coun-
try will be the same as that of his.

Unless—well, you with the ‘“longready’’—
be it tainted or no—look up; that’s all. Look
up! — B 8143.

Repeated coats of raw or boiled seed oil
applied to a newly meshed wire fabric will
give a good substitute for window glass. The
wire may be used for many purposes and is
especially good where glass might easily
be broken. The fabric may be dipped in the
oil instead of applying it with a brush.
