---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_103.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

INSPIRATION

The fountains of Courage are within the
soul. Activities of brain and body are the
outlets by which Courage rushes forth to
victory. Large Success is possible to little
things. The mountains are made of grains
of 'sand.

Every life is Individual. We come into
life Individually—achieve success, or failure,
Individually—and go out of life Individually.

Success is born of Individual effort inevery
line open to all human activity. Itis YOU
who will write your name in the lists of the
conquerors, if that name is to be so honored.

It all depends upon Self. Every man or
woman who has scaled the heights of glory
has gone up a-step-at-a-time, and the first
steps were short ones. The higher you climb
the smoother becomes the way.

Accepting Obstacles as Opportunity de-
velops the hungry capacity of Genius; it takes
the cutting to let loose the radiance of the
Diamond; perplexing problems builded the
road of ‘‘cause and effect,’” sleepless nights
mastered the forces of Electricity to drive
them over a thousand paths of usefulness.

All human achievement has come—and
must come—from Individual effort, and the
limit of human possibilities is yet at hand.

Larger, broader, higher, limitless in gold-
en invitations lie the fields of Opportunity,
which may only be made fruitful by Individ-
ual effort.

What an inspiration!

Your Success lies within your own
Whatever men dare they may do.

Instantly they get busy. Wait not for the
‘hig things,”” but make the ‘‘big things”’
out of the little things. Think and Work, and
Work and Think. Be cheerful and courage-
ous. Have confidence in yourself — that’s
the inspiration that brings out the best there
is in us. —Ford Tvmes.

4Soul.

PLACING THE BLAME

‘A Chicago judge proposes to punish the
parents of delinquent children as the ones
actually responsible for the latter’s offenses.
There are doubtless many instances where
the parents are to blame, either from ignor-
ance, indifference or from having given
them a bad example,’’ says a writer in the
St. Lowis Star. “‘A boy or girl is much less
influenced by what a parent tells him he
must or must not do than by what hisparents
actually do and believe. But though parents
may.be guilty, the community where delin-
quency exists is not guiltless.

««We are all largely creatures of environ-
ment. Any flaw in our social life is evidence
that we, and the conditions we have created,
are to blame. Before we lay the blame for
youthful vices on the home we should dis-
cover whether or not the conditions imposed
upon some families or groups of families are
not the real cause of crime. By removing
the influences at work to degrade certain

classes or individuals we shall make crime
absurd and almost impossible. Youths be-
come criminal because to them virtue is dull
and uninteresting. It is the duty of the
community to rectify this. Those responsible
for the slums are responsible for the gang
and for the crimes of the gang.’’

IF I COULD KNOW

If T could know the agony of pain
In which my brother wrought, yet gave no
sign,
His bungling work would take on graceful
shape, -
And glory would illumine every line.
If I could know the heartache bravely hid
Beneath the smiles of courage, day by day,
I’d not withhold the kindly deed and thought
To cheer my friend upon his lonely way.
If I could know the struggle to do right,
Oh that poor fallen one so sore beset,
Not ‘‘shame,’’ but ‘‘bravo,’”” would 1 cry to
him;
““Thou fightest foes whom I have never
met,’’

If I could know the longing pressing close
Beneath the derision’s sneer at holy things,
A friendly hand I’d stretch across the gulf
And know the thrill which world-wide Kkin-
ship brings.
And I can know! Come, Son of Man, divine,
Flood all my soul with sympathy benign,

-Until my very life is love impearled,

And pulses with the heart-throbs of the world.
— Bell Case Harrington.

DO YOU BRAG?

Bragging is the art of putting your best
foot into the other fellow’s ear at every op-
portunity. The world is full of braggers.
They are our most ambitious pecple. A
bragger never loafs on his job. While other
men are resting at night, he will leave home
and tramp two miles to find some other man
who will stand quietly while the bragger tells
him, with one finger hooked onto his coat
button, how a great many had said to him
that it was an awful thing to elect Wilson
President, while really great men like yours
truly, with the prehensile finger, are allowed
to languish unpestered by fame.

The bragger can be readily distinguished
by his long, crooked forefinger. It is his
weapon. He hunts the unwary citizen and

hooks onto him as Paul Jones hooked onto

the British ships. When this is done, he be-
gins to brag, and the only ways of escape are
to cut off the finger or give up the coat.
Braggers brag about everying in the world,
just as kickers are never at a loss for a sub-
ject.
If he isn’t he brags about how soon he is go-
ing to be, or how he once was, or because he
doesn’t join in the silly race for the dollar.
Some braggers insist on hanging their own
laurel wreaths on themselves, while others
are more refined about it and merely repeat

If a bragger is rich he brags about it._

to you what some friend has said about them.
Some men are so expert that they can brag
haif a day about their modesty, and get away
with it in safety. ‘

Braggers have done wonderful deeds ever
since Baron Munchausen, the dean of the
profession, raised it to an art. Nations have
been saved offhand in grocery stores, and by-
gone wars have been made ten times more
horrible by the deeds of gallant braggers
who have thoughtfully preserved themselves
in times of strife behind a gum tree in order
to annihilate the foe later on in a more heal-
thy atmosphere. :

The bragger is a happy man because he
can always find some one to believe him. He

~ lives in an atmosphere of glory and admira-

tion, and as he supplies most of it himself,
he never runs short. We need never worry
about trying to praise a bragger, because
whatever we say is a pale nothing to what
he thinks.

Braggers make themselves very useful to
quiet, busy men by talking instead of com-

‘peting with them, and if they can be trained

to go away from an office whenever a heavy
paper-weight is thrown at them, they need
never be a nuisance, provided you see them
first. :

—George Fitch.

JUST SUNLIGHT

““Never mind the weather while the wind
doesn’t blow,”” we used to hear. But it
would be more to the point to say, ‘‘while
the sun shines.”” We don’t have cure-alls

any more; we’ve grown too wise, but plain

sunshine comes as near to a cure-all as any-
thing.

We have learned that sunlight is good for
the affairs of large corporations, if not al-
ways for the directors. We know that it is
good for eyesight, though we are just begin-
ning to learn how often eye strain causes fa-
tigue and nervousness. We also value it for
its habit of pointing out dusty places that
would otherwise escape notice, and cchwebs.
But we don’t realize all that the sun does for
us when it strikes the dust that no housewife
can keep away.

Sunlight, just plain sunlight, is one of the
best germicides that there is. It destroys
the danger imminent in all dust. The wicked
little microbe suffers from it even more than
the wicked big trust. That is the real rea-
son why it is more healthful to live in a sun-
lit house, even when you’re never home while
the sunlight is turncd on. You're in less
danger of colds and any kind of infection
that may be around. Your system doesn’t
have to fight against such odds.

Sunlight, when we can get it all, is usually
a question of our town preference. It’s bet-
ter to let the sun in than to hang your win-
dows with the most expensive kind of a eur-
tain or draw the shade lest your brilliant new
carpet should fade.

—The Uplift.
