---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_104.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pct: W. L. Pct
Cubs 221 08733 Printers 13 19 448
Ninth 18 12 600 Athletics 06 23 207
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet
New York 30 16 652 Cincinatti 26 22 448
Phillies 26 I SEN61T Boston 16 24 442
Chicago 310258554 Brooklyn 18 26 409
St. Louis 28 24 538 Pittsburg 733 340
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
We IS Pet W.. L Pect.
Chicago 35 19 648 Detroit 24 250-490
Boston 3251 GRRI65 7 St. Louis 228 305423
New York 28 22 560 Athletics 188308375
Cleveland 28 28 E00 Washingt'n 18 32 360

HONOR CLUB NOTES

There was much to be said of the afternoon
on Saturday when the Club made their week-
ly appearance to enjoy their week-end holi-
day.

The benefit of the fresh air treatment of

Warden Robert J. McKenty is shown in the

general health” and the human interest ex-
hibited by the men in his charge.

Each face was bright with expectancy as
the members from the different blocks and
galleries emerged from the prison into the
sunshine. There were men from almost ev-
ery country in the world, speaking many dif-
ferent languages, having different tempera-
ments and different stories, yet en masse
they formed one complete whole, each bent
on getting as much enjoyment as possible
from an afternoon in the open, while none
forgot the privilege extended by the Warden
nor that they were on their honor.

With just enough spice in the air to make
marching enjoyable and several new Ameri-
can flags in the line to brighten and give
color, with the brass band under Professor
Wiegandt’s able leadership playing a quick-
step to march to, it was no wonder that the
men threw their shoulders back and got
right down to soldier stuff.

Twice around the yard they marched,
Vice-President A 8432 in the lead as marshal
of the day. :

Warden McKenty, President R. C. Mec-
Kenty and a number of invited guests re-
viewed the men both times they passed.

It was decided that the 7th Block won the
prize for the best marching this week, and
they earned it, for their marching was very
good.

When the ranks broke file and each man
was privileged to roam where he listed, they
formed in parties and couples. The baseball
game was formed between the 4th and 5th
blocks then. Tom (B 7773) from the 8rd
found a team and played the Shoe Shop. The
score did not matter; they enjoved them-
selves.

Around the 12th Block the aeccustomed

checker game opened up. The domino fiends
seated themselves to their enjoyment, while

" the chess players produced their chess, and

the day was on.

Little Harry vended his wares and made
numerous sales, while other members who
had made various articles sold them to pur-

- chasers.
On the music platform Professor Wiegandt
had the H. F. C. orchestra rendering fine

musie. During the progam Jack Evans ren-
dered a cornet solo in a manner that brought
applause. ;

When the parade had passed, a fellow was
noticed straggling along,a guitar strung over
his shoulder, and a flowing beard and wmous-
tache, a nose that looked as though it had
been many nights before the bar, before its
owner came behind the bars. When some
one called to him he opened his mouth, and
when the hearty laugh rung out every one
recognized Dan Carmichael—Honest Dan the
clown. All right, Dan, we’ll miss you when
you’re gone.

Our old friend Mr. Kraupa, with Jimmy
Mulligan, was with us again. In bright new
suits, spick and span, they roamed around
the yard, a word to a fellow here and there,
and every one to whom they spoke felt the
better for seeing them.

Mr. Frank Dipple, his wife, and a friend,
were among the fellows, encouraging them.
Many chaps came and shook hands with Mr.
Dipple, who had been a guest at Mr. Dip-
ple’s house. Each one had a friendly word
to say. The bugle corps and the 5th Block
surprised the boys with a new flag today,
beautiful flags of the regulation size, made
in America from American grown cotton;
American every inch of them, carried by
Americans in America — and all hats off.

The 7th Gallery’s beautiful silk flag was in
the lead, flanked on either side by a smaller
edition of ‘‘Old Glory’’ and the Club’s flag.
Then too the English, French and Italian
flags were grouped in a blaze of color. Di
Massi had the Italian contingent well in
hand, and they marched well.

When it became known on the 5th Block
that the.lst, 7th, 7th Gal. and the bugle
corps had purchased new flags and the Club
had the English and French and Di Massi the
Italian flags, our old friend ‘‘Yorkie’’ (B
4165), on the b5th, felt the patriotic spirit
moving. Without consulting any one but his
convenience, he sent for a flag, which he paid
for himself, and presented it to the 5th Block.
All hats off to ‘“Yorkie’’ for his good Ameri-
can patriotism. Jump in, 5th, and secure the
marching prize.

Too much can not be said of the saxophone
solo as performed by Charlie. He ecertainly
can draw some harmony from his instru-
ment.

During the week many of our friends have
gone forth to try again. Howard, who was a
member of the Board of Governors, left with
the good wishes of the members, and several

other chaps who we hope will never again be
insidemembersof the H. F. C. Lettersacknowl-
edging their having been made honorary
members were received from Mrs. A. D. Pat-
terson, Miss Helen E. Mayer, King’s Daugh-
ters, and Mr. R. W. Heckman, Jr., Y. M. C. A.
Each of these letters were couched in very
encouraging words, and thanks are given for
their kind interest. A letter from William
0. Easton, Executive Secretary of the Y. M.
C. A., notifies the Club that he is placing us
on the Association’s mailing list, because of
the interest we have in the Association’swork
among soldiers and sailors. These compli-
ments serve to prove that the efforts of the
officers and the example of the members are
of some avail, and they stimulate all to fur-
ther effort. Let every one realize that while
prone to mistakes he must never become
discouraged, but keep up trying. Some one
will take notice and help when the right time
comes.

No news from the One-Third Bill, but no
news is better than bad news. Let’s think it
will come for sure, and while we are thinking
that, we could’nt be thinking better things.

The Club has another load of paper when
the paper man comes around. This means
a few more dollars in the treasury. The
bulletin boards continue to serve the news
and baseball scores, also ‘“Curly,’” who is the
editor of the Bulletin notes, receives Kames
score card each night with the baseball scores
hot off the bat. We don’t have to lay awake
now wondering if Alexander has a glass arm,
or Charley Howe, or if Muggsy McGraw has
undertaken to ‘‘lick’’ all the umpires in the
League. Just phone to ‘‘Curly,’’ No. 4—11B,
or if the phone is out of order just ask a
watchman to ask ‘‘Curly’’ what’s the score
today.

We must hand it to Our Warden for these
privileges and it’s up to the members to prove
that his confidence and his methods are right.

Next week, June 23rd, 6 G. 12 B. 1 2 G.
8EB0° B V1= B S0 B B o ah

—B 7542.

Monday’s Games

Athleties vs. Printers

The Athletics had another victory over the
Printers at the Storehouse game on Monday.
Things looked well for the winning team
from the first, with three runs in the first
round. Russell was at the mound for the
Athletics, striking out 3, walking 2, and al-
lowing 2 hits. B 8430 did the honors for the
Printers, strlklng out 5, with 1 pass and 3
hits.

REgAH =S 1)
Athleties:..... . 307070 0:0.0°0-0—3% =3
Printers: ... 020 1702070040 - 0 =120

Umpires—Barrington and Henry.
Two-base hit—Spitz.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.
