---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_105.jpg
---
~ THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, June 27, 1917

NO. 25

WELL RENDERED SONG SER-
VICE AT THE E. S. P.

An excellent program of patriotic and sa-
cred music was provided for the song service
which was given by the inmates’ choir and
orchestra at thisinstitution on Sunday after-
noon last, under the guidance of Prof. A. F.
Wiegandt as conducter. The service was
opened by all present singing the patriotic
number, ‘‘America,’”’ with intense fervor,
after which followed the rendition of the
remaining numbers of the program.

The singing elicited considerable praise
from a number of visitors present, which in-
cluded a good showing of men wearing the
U. S. Army uniform. The service was con-
cluded by a brief address by Chaplain Joseph

Welch, and his remarks were greeted by
spontaneous applause. The program follows.
| s =
PROGRAM
1. Overture La Dame Blanche Boieldieu
Z2enHivmntNo 2 (REB?) D. B. Towner
a—I1 Will Rejoice
b—Christ Alone has Power to Save
(R=B.12)
3. Hymn No. 38 (R. B.) Mrs. C.H. Morris
: a—The Fight is On
b—The Bugle Call (R. B. 49.)

4. Sacred Heart Barnard
5. Hymn No. 13 (B. S.) Chas. H. Gabriel
a—Help Somebody Today

b—He took My Place

6. Hymn No. 90 (B. S.) W. I. Thompson
a—Lead Me Gently Home, Father
b—My Heart Belongs to Jesus

7. The Golden Trumpet Worrell

A. F. WEIGANDT, Conductor

EPISCOPAL SERVICE

The regular monthly Episcopal services were
held at the prison Chapel on Thursday last,
in charge of the Rev. Thos. J. Taylor, who
adminstered Communion to the inmate mem-
bers of the church. Choirmaster B 7737 led
the choir in singing mass at the service for
the first time since the inauguration of the
service here. In the afternoon confirma-
tion class instruction was given by the Rev.
Dr. Taylor to a large class of inmates.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Cubs-Athletiés game at the Storehouse
on Wednesday proved interesting to the fans
and was a well contested event throughout,

each side playing good ball from the start.
Only one run was made, and that by the
Cubs, leaving the final score 1—-0. The field-
ing was so close that no spectacular plays
were made. Boyd pitched for the Cubs,
striking out 6, and allowing but 1 hit.
Charlie No. 1 was in the box for the Ath-

letics. He struck out 4, passed 3 and allowed
2 hits.

R-:H
Cubs et 0100000—1 2 0
Aithletiesitein 2o 0000000 -0 1 1

Umpires—Barrington and Henry.

Ninth vs. Printers

The new aggregation in the Printers’ nine
will have to wake up and put more vim in
their work if they expect to get anywhere,
as Wednesday’s game evinced. It was sim-
ply a run around for the Ninth, and of very
little interest to the onlookers. Mack, pitch-
ing for the Ninth, had the ball well under
control. He struck out 11, passed 2 and al-
lowed 5 hits: Tony did mound duty for the
Printers, and was found for 9 hits, walking
2 and striking out but 5. The single run in
the sixth round saved the Printers from a
whitewash.

IR D
INinth =S 2 s 20205282818 05030 — e =9 S8 )
Printers....... 00 r0205051 8 0R0F0— 1 = baet.()

Double play—Hagy.

Three-base hit—Mack.

Two-base hits—Jake, B 8420, Bobbie, Mack
and Hagy.

Umpires—Rabbie and Windy.

Thursday’s Game

Athletics vs. Printers

The tie game between the Athletics and
Printers was played off at the Storehouse
grounds on Thursday and resulted in another
defeat for the Printers, with a goose egg to
boot. Spitz worked hard to do his duty at
the mound, but fortune and good work favor-
ed his opponents. He struck out 8, passed 4
and allowed 38 hits. Charlie pitched for the
Athletics, striking out 5, passing 2, with 3
hits recorded. D. C’s douhle play featured

the game. :
AfaetiZle Dy
Athletics........ 012000000-3 3 0
Printers..sc. 0000000000 3 1
Double play—D. C.

Three-base hit—D. C. :
Two-base hits—Spitz, Richmond, Boiler-
house and Soficoal.
Umpires—Barrington and Sam.
Friday’s Games
- Athletics vs. Cubs
The Athletics played good, tight ball at the

Storehouse game on Friday, and put one
over on the Cubs, who were caught napping.
D. C’s home run added to the snap of the
game, much to the joy of the fans. Harvey
was in the box for the Cubs and succeeded in
holding the Athletics down to 3 hits and 1
pass, striking out 7. Charlie pitched for the
Athletics, striking out 5, walking 3, and al-
lowing 3 hits.

5% H. E.
Athletics.1 0020000 0—3 3 1
Cubsey e 11 705020-0:0°0-0—2 3 1

Home run—D. C.
Two-base hits—Evans and Mooney.
Umpires—Barrington and Stackhouse.

Ninth vs. Printers

The Ninth played tag with the Printers at
the Garage grounds game on Friday, with a
final score of 5—1 in favor of the former
team. The Ninth was so evidently in control
of the game that it seemed more farciful
than interesting. Tony pitched for the Print-
ers, striking out 6, passed 1 and was found
for 7 hits. Hagy was in the box for the
Ninth, striking out 14, passing 1, with 8 hits
recorded.

R SN

INin thi-seie 2:0:01 0000 25 7 0
Printers......... 00000000 1-1 8 3
Two-base hits—Stump, Jacoby, B 8448,

Hagy and Boilerhouse.
Umpires—Sam and Windy.

PRISONERS’ MAIL

Five hundred thousand persons pass through
American priscns every year, and the prime
scource of this stream is ignorance, says J. ]
Sandersin the World’s Work. Everything that
can awaken their intelligence is valuable, es-
pecially familiarity with current eventsand com-
munication with relatives and friends. No

prison riots occur in states where letter-writing

ic unrestricted. Nothing will make a person
more morose than being cut off from his loved
ones, and free communication keeps their minds
occupied with wholesomeand elevating thoughts:

KNIGHTS OF OLD

The knights of the days of chivalry were
so well protected by their armor that they
were practically invincible to all ordinary
weapons. Even when dismounted they could
not be injured save by tne miseracordia, a
thin dagger, which penetrated the joints of
the armor. In more than one battle knights
fallen from their horses could not be killed
until their armor had been broken up with
axes and hammers.
