---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_106.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles Willlnot be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. *

- The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, June 27, 1917
“Fvery absurdity has a champion to defend
it, for error is always talkative.’’

THE PRICE YOU PAY

It is no unusual thing to hear some one say
they are not getting along as they think they
should. Things don’t seem to come their
way. Allowing the truth of that, suppose
we consider the situation as it is.

As a beginning let us admit one stubborn
fact. You are yourself and no one else. You
face certain conditions and situations that
you must grapple with in order to win. Re-
member that no one knows yourself, your
peculiar make-up, or your personal require-
ments better than you do.

Now, brother, if you will be as honest, as
open and as critical with yourself as you are
disposed to be with others, you will be en-
abled to see the point we are aiming at with-
out difficulty.

As a fact, I don’t believe you will need
much further directing; but to make sure, it
may be well to suggest that you ask your-
self the following questions:

Are you willing to struggle, sacrifice, and
go without if need be, for success? Are you
willing to pay the price of success? If you
are, there need be no doubt as to the result.

All success is simply a question of degree;
likewise the effort that brings it. The ques-
tion is: How much of an effort are you will-
ing to put into the proposition? Do you look
for a common, cheap success, or do you want
something that will measure up well? If the
latter, don’t forget that you will succeed in
just that proportion to the effort you make,
or in other words, the price you pay.

e LIBERTY

True liberty consists in privilege of enjoy-
ing our rights, not in the destructlon of the
rights of others.

Liberty will not descend to a people; a
people must raise themselves to liberty; it is
a blessing that must be earned before it can
be enjoyed.

Free will is not the liberty to do whatever
one likes, but the power of doing whatever
one sees ought to be done, even in the very

face of otherwise overwhelming impulse.
There lies freedom indeed. v

False notions of liberty are strangely com-
mon. People talk of it as if it meant the
liberty of doing whatever one likes—whereas
the only liberty that a man, worthy of the
name of man, ought toask for, is, to haveall
restrictions, inward and outward, removed
that prevent his doing what he ought.

The liberty of a people consists in being
governed by laws which they have made
themselves, under whatsoever form it be of
government; the liberty of a private man, in
being master of his own time and actions, as

_ far as may be consistent with the laws of God

and of his country.

If the true spark of religious and civil lib-
erty be kindled, it will burn. Human agency
can not extinguish it. Like the earth’s cen-
tral fire, it may be smothered for a time;
the ocean may overwhelm it; mountains may
press it down; but it is inherent and wuncon-
querable force will heave both the ocean and
the land, and at some time or another, in
some place or another, the voleano will break
out and flame to heaven. —The Uplift.

THE LONG ROAD

That roads are long to Easy Street, is true
—all winners preach it, and if you move on
sluggish feet it’s doubtful if you’ll reach it.
Isee some lads whowork for hire theirleaden
trilbys dragging: the smallest effort makes
them tire, and all they know is lagging.
They face their work with dismal croaks and
grumblings stale and wheezy; they’ll never
bask beneath the oaks that line the street
called Easy. The road is long to Easy street,
too rough for any telling, and one must tire-
less be and fleet who there would have his
dwelling. Oh, watch the men who there
abide, the men who dance and gambol, and
vou will see upon each hide the scar of stone
and bramble. They met disaster with a
smile, their mien was bold and breezy, they
vaulted over fence and stile and reached the
street called Easy. The sluggard who is so
afraid that he too hard will loaf and languish
in the shade and cuss his winning neighbor,
and each misfortune overwhelms this man
with spirit cheesy; he’ll never rest beneath
the elms that line the street called Easy.

— Walt Mason.

JOBS FOR BLIND SOLDIERS

It is an established fact that the blind far
exceed in acuteness of hearing and sensitive-
ness of touch their fellow-men who have un-
impaired sight. The French, with their usual
forethought, have taken this into considera-
tion in planning for occupations for French
soldiers after the war. French scientists, af-
ter careful investigation, have decided that
the blind soldiers WIH make the best wireless
operators.

In opening these positions to her blind
soldiers France will not be performing any

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celeprated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

charity in the common use of that term. She
will simply be fitting the best man to his
job, and giving the men who fought for her
their deserved opportunity. The benefit de-
rived will be for the public as well as the in-
dividual.

WHAT HAVE WE DONE TODAY?

We shall do so much in the years to come,
But what have we done today?

We shall give our goldin a princely sum,
But what did we give today?

We shall lift the heart and dry the tear,

We shall plant a hope in the place of fear,

We shall speak the words of love and cheer,
What did we speak today?

We shall be so kind in the after-while,
But what have we been today?
We shall bring each lonely life a smile,
But what have we brought today?
We shall give the truth a greater birth,
And to steadfast faith a deeper worth,
We shall feed the hungering souls of ear th,
But whom have we fed today?

We shall reap such joys in the by and bye,
But what have we sown today?

We shall build us mansions in the sky,
But what have we built today?

"Tis sweet i idle dreams to bask,

But here and now, do we do our task?

Yes, this is the thing our -soul must ask:
‘““What have we done today?’’

— Selected.

DEVELOPING ALASKA

John Noon, of Seward, Alaska, talking in
New York the other day, declared that a vast
empire is now in the making in Alaska. Gold
mining is proceeding on an extended scale,
he says, and many men are making fortunes
Coal deposits are being uncovered and agri-
cultural possibilities, especially in Matanus-
ka Valley, are being exploited profitably. In
this valley last year 2000 tons of farm pro-
ducts were raised and sold at good prices. In
1916 potatoes brought $47.00 a ton for home
consumption and butter 50 cents a pound. In
Tanana district the 1916 production of agri-
cultural articles reached 7000 tons, all sold
locally.
