---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_107.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

M
M

T..OUGHTS WORTH REMEMBERING

Do not flatter yourself that friendship au-
thorizes you to say disagreeable things to
your intimates. On the contrary, the nearer
you come into relation with a lperson,\ the
more necessary do tact and courtesy become.

Banish all your malignant and revengeful
. thoughts. A spirit of revenge is the very
spirit of the Devil, than which nothing makes
a man more like him, and nothing can be
more opposite to the temper which Christian-
ity was designed to promote.

Rejoice not in iniquity, but in the truth.
Do not put a stumbling-block in the way of
another. If a man be overtaken in a fault
ye which are spiritual restore such a one in
the spirit of meekness, considering thyself,
lest thou also be tempted. ; .

If you want knowledge you must toil for
it; if food, you must toil for it; and if- pleas-
ure you must toil for it. Toil is the law.
Pleasure comes through toil, and not by self-
indulgence and indolence. When one gets to
love work, his life is a happy one.

Do not rejoice in the failure or mistakes or
downfali of another. To gloat over over the
trouble of another is not the Christ-like spir-
it.- Let us rejoice with them that do rejoice
and weep with them that weep. Sympathy
helps wonderfully. You may need it your-
self some day. .

You want to be true, and you are trying to
be. Learn these two things: never be dis-
couraged because good things get on slowly
here and never to fail daily to do that good
which lies next to your hand. Do not be in
a hurry, but be diligent. Trust in God and
do the right.

Do not make light of the Bible. It is the
Word of God to man. Treasure it in your
heart. What you do not understand now,
you will later on if thoughtful and patient.
It has nourished the greatest souls on
earth.

You have not fulfilled every duty, unless
you have fulfilled the duty of being pleasant.
B? cheerful. By enduring hardship cheer-
fully or by accepting discomfort without a
murmur, we may be of more real service to
our fellow-men than by performing acts of
ministry to a begrudging or unloving God.

i — The Uplift.

BEST TO LET CLOCKS ALONE

We wish persons would cease making us and
others impatient about small things. With 4
shortage of the tobacco crop and a threatened
baseball strike we have quite enough to occupy
our minds without botheringabout this nonsense
called the ‘‘daylight saving plan.!’ s Some Eu-
ropean put the clocks ahead an hour over there,
and nowa few in this country ask that the
same thing be done. It will get people out of
be - earlier and let them work in the cool of the
morning, say these folks. What difference does
it make what time it isif one is ready to get out
of bed? The day begins with the rise of the sun

and all foolish personscan get up at that time
by setting alarm clocks after consulting alma-
nacs. But there are many persons who find a
morning sleep good for them; wherefore, they
prefer to lie abed, and putting clocks an hour
ahead would not help. The sun fixes the time
anyway and when it is six o‘clock no man on
earth can make it seven by merely saying it it.

Neither can clocks and watches. Let well
enough alone.

— Modern Progress.

THE INDICTMENT

The ‘‘Liberty Loan’’ is over, Uncle Sam is

going to fight
For the lives of women and children, and

everything that’s right;

Uncle Samuel is determined, and has entered
in the race, :

And for the Kaiser’s Army we will surely go
in haste.

We have stood his shady .dealings, humilia-
tion, and disgrace

Until we were pointed at with scorn by every
other race;

But he shall answer to your ‘‘Uncle,”’ who
was forced into this fight,

And to defeat this German War Lord we
shall strive with all our might.

The lives of women and children he has held
in cheap esteem,

For when in their dying moments, hisleering
face has beamed;

But the works of God grind slowly, and he’ll
surely pay his toll,

When his name’s among the missing on St.
Peter’s ‘“Honor Roll.”’

The Lusitania’s victims cry out with all
their might - :

To avenge their ruthless murder on that
dark and stilly night; -

So with a ““God of Justice’’ standing nobly
by our side .

This friend of hell must perish for our mar-
tyied ones who died.

—B 7387.

THE TRUE SPIRIT

We know what will happen in the long run
to this country, but we don’t know much
about the intermediate processes. We know
it is a great country, with lots of good people
in it, and destined to a great future, but
whatups and down it mayhave we don’t know.
If great mistakes creep into its guidance it
will suffer, and it will have to share the con-
sequences of the sins of the world. That is
the common lot, and we need not lose- sleep
over it, but we should take thought always
that the spirit of the country is honorable
and sound. It should not be timid nor lazy
nor overbearing. It should be the spirit of a
gentleman, of truth, of helpfulness, of pa-
tience, of humility sweetened, perhaps, by
humor and of the ready courage that rates
all material gains below honor. Whenever
such a spirit shines out—out of a man’s eyes,
out of a country’s eyes, as now of France—
it wins. Fverybody loves the spirit of a
gentleman when they get the real thing.

. —The Nation.

PRISON PHILANTHROPY

In appreciation of the kindnesses conferred
upon the different members at different times,
and the friendly interest exhibited toward
the outcast of society confined within these
gray walls, Mrs. Jane Gates, a member of
the King’s Daughters, who, although young,
both in years and uplift prison work, has
been the means of causing many men with
whom she has advised, with her bright cheer-
iness, to hope, was made an honorary mem-
ber of the H. F. C.

As a further distinction, after a member
of the Board of Governors (B 8361) had ad-
dressed the delegates and with earnest sin-
cerity, his words vibrating with emotion, ex-
plained how deep and sincere was this lady’s
sympathy and interest for every member and
man inside, he then suggested that a further
distinction be conferred upon the honorary
member and her name be entered in the book
of minutes as ‘‘The Little Mother to the H.
F. C.”’ This distinction, with the honorary
membership, was conferred upon Mrs. Gates,
and all hats will come off to the ‘Little
Mother to the H. F. C.”’

There have been many honorary degrees
conferred on members of the King’s Daugh-
ters and other persons of distinction who
have been interested in members or perform-
ed some benevolent act for their benefit, but
like allmankind, we can havebut one mother,
and likewise can the H. F. C. have but the
one mother, and her name is Mrs. Jane Gates.

—B 75/2.

BREAKING A BOY

- ] am often asked by letter and otherwise,
how to get the best results in training the
mind, and to maintain nearly perfect diseci-
pline,’” said a prominent educator recently,
in conversation with the correspondent of the
N. Y. Sun. While there is no set rule which
will apply to all cases, I will mention cne
from along list: I never set out to break the
will of a boy, as I sometimes hear teachers
brag they do, but endeavor to strengthen his
will. Breaking the will spoilsaboy’s capabil-
ity, produces lassitude and turns what might
have been a success into a miserable failure.
A child with a broken will is sure to be gullen
and stubborn, ill-mannered, and misérably
unhappy, and either ends in the insane asylum
or some kind of prison. May heaven have
mercy on the parent or teacher who know-
ingly sets out to break the will of any boy
or girl. TN

It would be far better if persons placed
over boys or girls should try to teadh self-
mastery. But one should remember that
self-mastery can be taught only by a person
having self-mastery. Instead of conquering
a child you had better, in a very deft way—
lest you fail—teach him to conquer himself,
harness and bridle his will so that he can sit
upon the soft cushions and drive anywhere,
for will power is like steam. The engine
contains the steam, the body contains the
will, the brain ought to be the engineer. See
the point! The instructor may bear the same
relation to the boy as the inventor does to

- the engine and the engineer.
