---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_108.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. W. L. Pect.
Cubs 24 09 1727 Printers 13 20 864
Ninth 21 12 636 | "Athletics 08 25 242
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. W. L. Pet.
Phillies 384 20 630 | Cincinatti 31 35 470
New York 33 20 623 Brooklyn 24 26 453
Chicago 36 28 563 Boston 21 31 404
St. Louis 30 28 517 | Pittsburg 19 37 336
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pet. W. "L Pet:
Chicago 36 20 661 Cleveland 30 32 484
Boston ST L6 St. Louis 23BN Sh YT
New York 34 24 58 | Washingtn 22 36 379
Detroit 28 27 509 | Athletics 16 36 345

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Summer is here. William Henry Shakes-
peare didn’t say this, but every member of
the H. F. C. who was in the yard on Satur-
day afternoon said it, and the many times
the water barrel went to the ice plant prov-
ed that the sun just baked one up. :

With Pete (A 8432) as grand marshal of
the parade and the flags and banners waving
in the slight breeze, the brass band led by
Professor Wiegandt and Old Sol shedding
regular old tropical rays, it was a gala bunch
that volunteered to make the march.

Pete quit on the once-around, and Warden
McKenty from the reviewing stand inquiring
‘“Isn’t it a little too hot for the boys?’’ gave
the cue to break ranks at the garage.

When the prospective baseball players
gathered around Jake to know when they
went to play, it was noticed that Rube was
not around. ‘“Where’s Rube?’’ was the
query from more than one, with no answer
coming. Finally, after the baseball had been
started and the croquet was well on, the
“little father of the H. F. C.”” (Rube) came
strolling on the ground.

The game of ball was between the 1st
Block and the Shoe Shop, and “‘Scottie’’
says the 1st won.

It must be true, for they sure did view the
marching prize, and right here let it be
known that it will take some marching to
surpass that of the 1st on Saturday.

The concert on the band stand was some-
thing fine. Professor Wiegandt was on his
mettle, and hot'as it was, he had his artists
well in hand.

There was some good singing by the H. F.
C. Quartette and a new star from the 1st
Block had a guitar specialty that proved to
be a surprise.

Everything passed pleasantly, and owing
to the weather being so warm, every one ap-
peared to be ready to retire to the coolness
of their rooms when at 3:45 the bugle sound-
ed, and to the tune of ‘‘The day I left be-
hind me’’ the H. F. C. marked another holi-
day off the calendar.

During the week there has been muchof invitation was given Mr. Dugan to visit us,

interest to tha members of the Club. B 7601,
who left us some time since, sent on a letter
containing $2.00 for the Club’s treasury. He
is down in the Panama Canal Zone doing
well, and just thought of the boys ‘‘on the
Hill’” and asked to be remembered. This
makes a fellow feel good to know one of the
absent ones thinks of us. Let each one who
leaves realize how he feels to know that a
fellow off in Panama cares enough for the
Clab to write.

This should make a fellow sit up and take
notice, also:

On Thursday, June 21, the Board of Gov-
ernors of the H. F. C. met, and on motion
of B 8361, seconded by B 7542, it was voted
to subscribe $50.00 to the Red Cross War Aid
Fund. The Board of Delegates affirming this
act, a check was drawn and President Me-
Kenty requested to forward the sum to the
Red Cross War Aid Fund. ‘‘Cast thy bread
upon the water.”” As though in proof of
this the wagon came in for paper on Friday
morning and the Club sold 10,823 lbs. of rags
and paper, receiving $110.00 for the same.

The magazine department is flourishing
and other measures are doing their best to
make the Club life smiling.

Little Harry drew the capital prize in the
parole drawing and left us on Thursday to
make a try. His cheery voice as the fakir
will be missed on Saturdays, but we wish
him good luck.

Several fellows were before the Special
Parole Board on Friday and will leave at an
early date. Good luck, fellows.

The lawns that were ‘last year filled with
flowers and grass, this year are filled with
food. Potatoes, lettuce, fbmatoes, beets,
and everything growable, are growing and
thriving, too.

Every inch of space is devoted to some ag-
ricultural pursuit. Even on the roofs of the
shops the fellows have made boxes, filled
them with earth, and have patiently
carried the earth and water up ladders and
tended their plants and are now being re-
warded with fine green produce. And from
a nature point it is as beautiful to note a
useful plant develop as to watch a beautiful
flower develop and die. The satisfaction of
eating the one is a valuable after considera-
tion.

Especial praise is to be given the ‘“T. B.”’
yard garden. Their crop is thriving splen-
didly and the little vegetable spreads pulled
off over there shows its effecton the general
appearance of the sick men.

The rule of ‘“All for one and.one for all’’
prevails. The conserving the food problem
doesn’t bother the 3rd Block.

On a recent visit to this institution Mr.
Obediah Dugan, a worker among the prisons
throughout the country, was much impressed
with the workings of the Honor and Friend-
ship Club. A member of the Board of Govern-
ors of the Club explained in detail the privi-
leges granted and the aims of the Club. An

and during the week a letter was received
promising to visit us at an early date.

The croquet grounds were given a try-out
on Saturday and it was a pleasure to see the
way several elderly chaps took to it: One
old chap, when asked if he could play croquet,
replied, ‘‘No, but I like to play a little dom-
inoes once in a while, and I suppose it’s like
the other.”” He’s playing eroquet and finds
a slight difference between the two.

There ar: a few fellows rolling bandages
for the Red Cross and the care they exercise
in performing their different parts indicates
the thought, ‘“This bandage may save a good
American life.”’

Miss Mary L. Sher, of Merchantville, N. J.,
donated a pretty French flag to the bugle
corps.

Next week 2nd Section—4th G, 4 B, 5 B,
5G, 7B, 7B, 3G. —B 7542,

St ab

Incommenting on ‘“Yorky’s’’ generosity and
patriotism in our last issue we wish to correct
a typographical error in his registered num-
ber, which should have been B5165 instead of
B4156. '

Monday’s Games
Cubs vs. Athletics

The fans witnessed a good ball game at
the Storehouse grounds on Monday, between
the Cubs and Athletics, each team striving
to roll up a winning score, with the honors
finally falling to the Cubs. D. C. made a
clever home run that elicited applause from
the onlookers, as did Lucky’s three-base hit.
Harvey pitched for the Cubs, striking out 8§,
with 2 passes and 4 hits allowed. Charlie
No. 2 held down the mound for the Athletics,
striking out 6, walking 2, and was found for
6 hits. ;

Rl ety
Gubs it 102000020-5 6 1
Athletics........ 00120000 x—3 4 3

Home run—D. C.

Three-base hit—Lucky.

Two-base hits—Slick, Lucky, Jordan and
Mooney.

Double play—Jordan.

Umpires—Sam and Stackhouse.

~ Printers vs. Ninth

The Printers finally ‘“‘came back’’ and play-
ed an interesting game of ball with the Ninth
on Monday, clearly showing that ‘‘where
there’s a will there’s a way.’”” The onlook-
ers were well pleased to see the ‘‘pep’’ dis-
played by both sides and avowed it good ball.
Kulphy’s sacrifice hit was timely. Reds did
well in the box for the Printers, striking out
out 12, and allowing only 3 hits. Spookie
pitched in good form for the Ninth, striking
out 12, with 2passes, and wasfound for 8 hits.

R HES RS
Nintht s ou 02000000 0—2 8 0
Printers......... 071 0.0:1°0°0.0:0-—22" "3g

Two-base hits—Tony, Jacoby and Bg8433.
Umpires—Barrington and Windy.
