---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_109.jpg
---
'THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, July 4, 1917

NO. 26

EUGENE B. SIMONIN

The men who gathered to-
gether in the chapel on Mon-
day and heard Mr. Fugene B.
Simonin give his experiences
on theFrench battle-front were
given a rare treat.

Mr. Simonin has been there,
and he gave a first-hand
description of trench warfare.

After Chaplain Welch had
spoken a few words, introduc-
ing the speaker, he began by
deseribing how by dodging sub-
marines, he landed safely in
Boulogne, France, where the
first sight to greet his eyes
was long lines of men fright-
full mangled: some minus one
leg, many without either leg
or arms.

Given little time to obsarve
these horrors, he was hurried

to the front, and as a mem-

ber of the ambulance corps,
went into action immediately.
Hecarriedhis listenersthrough
scenes of his own observation,
illustrating his remarks with
many mementoes gathered at
different times.

He showed a shell that had
exploded but a few feet from
his ambulance, that wasloaded
with wounded soldiers. He
had picked up the shell while
yet hot. He then exhibited a
cartridge gathered in another

engagement and a hand gren-

ade which he had suceeded in
extinguishing before it had
‘exploded, and kept as a trophy.
He 'had a steel cap he wore at
all times, such as is worn by
all soldiers in action. A dent
here and there in the cap in-
dicated its wearer might tella
story of exciting interest had
he been inclined, but with the
hero’smodesty, makingno ref-
erence to this. He explained
in detail the uses of each ex-
hibit and also the gas mask
worn by soldiers to protect
them against noxious gases
used by the Germans to over-
come their enemies.

He described a body of men
imported by the French from
Africa, the Sengalese. These
‘men are semi-savage and very

BAND MUSICALE

Eastern State Penitentiary

THE GREAT WAR FOR FREEDOM

WEDNESDAY, JULY 4th, 1917

On the Center

3 p. m
PROGRAM
Entry March ““All America’’

; ““America’’
‘‘American Victory’’
“Poet and Peasant’”> Overture
‘““Among the Roses’’ - Idyl
‘“King of Rags’’
“The Sunny South’”  Selection

PSS 3 0t D

o

DS

(a) ‘‘Poor Butterfly’’
(b) ‘‘Sliding Jim’’

“‘American Patrol”’
U. S. A. National March
‘‘Star Spangled Banner”’

 A..F. WIEGANDT. Conductor

Lamecknik

Thome
Suppe
Lake

- Swisher
- Lampe

Hubbell
Losey

Meacham
Panella

fierce. Knowing no fear nor
caution, they are distributed
among the troops as an ex-
ample of bravery. He related
that one Sangalese had been
sent to the rear with fifteen
soldiers, and quickly returning
was asked where his prisoners
were. His reply was to take
the officers some little dis-
tance away where side by side
lay fifteen headless bodies,
beheaded by the one.

At the finish of his remarks
he kindly consented to answer
any questions, and Chaplain
Welch was the first to inquire:

‘How many of those Senga-
lese have they?’’ ‘‘About two
thousand’’ replied the speaker.
‘“They’d ought to have the
whole Sengalese army. They
are all right. They’d end the
war quickly if they had more
of them fellows,’’ said the
Chaplain, and gave way to a
volley of questions from others.

Each question Mr. Simonin
answered, stating the reports
of atrocities were in no way
exaggerated, and if anything
they are far short of the real
condition. England and France
have plenty of food and expect
to win the war. The ambulance
service will receive men, and
it is not difficult to qualify.

When he had finished, the
Secretary of the Honor and
Friendship Club presented Mr.
Simonin with a Club button,
requesting that he wear it
when he returned to France.
He graciously promised to
wear the button and consented
to become an honorary mem-
ber of the H. F. C.

It was through the kindly
interest of Mrs. Simonin, -a

member of the King’s Daugh-
ters, that her son spoke, and
after he had finished, Mrs.
Simonin said that when her
son returns she will bring him
again. The mother love shone
bright when she emphasized
the when, and a silent prayer
went up to God that the
mother’s confidence will be
justified. : _

Mr. Eugene B. Simonin was
made an honorary member of
the H. F. C. on Thursday,
June 26, by a rising unanimous
vote. —B 7542.
