---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_110.jpg
---
2
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with tha
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, July 4, 1917

“If you are reasonably reliable, people will
find it out without any inside information.’’

“FLOWER MISSIONS”’

Oftimes people begrudge the expenditure
of money to beautify the home or to bring
the comforting message of true friendship to
others in their time of trouble. To them
flowers are of no use, and pictures or music
seem a waste of money. But a life entirely
restricted to things that are worn on the
back or go into the mess-kettle are
bound to result in starving the spirit—the
joy of living. It has been said that if a per-
son ‘‘had two loaves of bread it would be
better to sell one of them to buy white hya-
cinths to feed the soul.”” That was the apt
and poetic expression of a truth too fre-
quently neglected.
~Beyond question even the poor need other

““things more than money. The money may
be spent in a short time, but the pleasant
memory of a bunch of wild flowers remains
with us always. ‘‘Flower missions’’ furnish
a beautiful ministry that any Sunday-school,
any nature club, can exercise to great ad-
-vantage for good. It engenders the true
spirit of giving with love. By sending your
posies to the sick, to the children of the
slums, or to those in bonds, you exercise a
privilege more potent than the power of
gold.

WORKING TOGETHER

Men differ from most other animals in that
co-operating with one another is the basic
condition on which they live. The strongest
and most skilful carpenter could hardly in a
lifetime build a common log cabin without
drawing on the labor of other men. To fash-
ion with his own unaided hands a tool that
would fell and trim a tree would take a long
time.

Robinson Crusoe took with him to his island
the embodied labor of hundreds of other
hands. Set any man down solitary and naked
on a section of the most fertile land in the
Northern Mississippi Valley, and he would
perish of cold and hunger in a short time,
says a writer in the N. Y. Post.

The natural resources of the United States

THE UMPIRE

barely sustained a few thousand Indians, who
were always at the edge of famine; and even
they worked together to some extent, or
they could not have lived at all.

Nations live by the labor of other nations,

as individuals by that of other individuals.
Our religion came from Asia Minor, our po-
litical system mostly from England. Britons
invented the steam engine and the railroad
locomotive, by which we thrive. Bell could
not have invented the telephone nor Wright
the flying machine if many foreign minds had
not worked on electricity and seronautics.
There is hardly an article in our possession
and no thought at all in our minds to which
foreigners have not in some way contributed.

- The more extensively we co-operate the more

we prosper materially, intellectually and
spiritually. As any other nation thrives in
any of those respects, so do we thrive. We
are richer because an Italian, with German
knowledge, thought out wireless telegraphy,
a Russian wrote some great novels.

The militarist notion that one nation thrives
at the expense of another might appeal to a
society of monkeys, with. goods consisting
simply of what the earth voluntarily pro-
duced; but it has no sanction from intelligent
human beings.

UPLIFT BY SACRIFICE

In an address delivered before the Wash-
ington chapter of the Red Cross, Henry P.
Davidson, chairman of the Red Cross War
Council, said that the sacrifice which the war
will bring is needed by America to lift its
people to the spiritual exaltation developed

.in European warring nations.

Continuing his remarks, Mr. Davidson said:

““I wish for no ill, but I hope and pray that
whatever may be needed to arouse us to a
sense of sacrifice and cleanse us frem our
selfishness will come to us.”’

He expressed doubt if more than 1 per
cent. of Americans ‘‘realize that we are to-
day not only fighting for the principles upon
which our Republic was founded, but for our
very existence.’”” People of England and
France also were slow to change their ideals
early in the war, he said, but now ‘‘it seems
as if their affection and regard for mankind
had immeasurably increased. They seem to
be without malice or design, envy or jeal-
ousy, without sordid ambition, to be living
on a higher and better plane. Even with
their terrible sorrow and suffering, they
seem to be stronger and surer and more con-
tent to meet whatever may be given them to
meet.

‘““The process of fire, which has thus puri-
fied them, has been for our account as well
as their own. I hope you will not think me an
idealist; I was never more practical in my
thought. - It is perhaps an appreciation of
this that has caused me to go to the Red
Cross. For I firmly believe that through the
Red Cross we can not only render a service to
the people of our Allies— to those who are

————— -

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celeprated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various

Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

today fighting for us—but we can bring care-
fully to our own people a sense both of their
obligation and of their opportunity.

“I am optimistic enough to believe that
the men and women of this country will, in
a not far distant day, rejoice in sacvifice—
in real sacrifice—and demand that the Red
Cross shall carry to the peoples then living
of all our Allies the heartfelt appreciation of
what they have done for us, and express such
appreciation by every possible aid and sup-
port within their power to send.”’

THE OLDEST BOOK

It is announced that the oldest book con-
tinues to be thef‘best seller.”” Year after
year the Bible is away ahead of any other.

‘““Since the war started, publishers tell me,
millions of copies of Holy Writ have gone to
the soldiers. Our United States exports of
Bibles have been very large the past year.

““Many religions are represented under the
flags of contending armies, in which are
found Japanese, Turks, Algerians and In-
dians, besides the many shades of difference
in European countries.

‘“But the Bible, written by 40 different au-
thors over a period of 1600 years, is the book
of books, and has been for centuries.

“If all that the Bible teaches about the
hereafter were false, the world is still enor-
mously bettered merely by the vast circula-
tion of such inspiring literature among the
generations of men as they come and go.”’

THE FLAG

Bright-hued and beautiful, it floats \1pon
the chill spring air; and every thread of it de-

notes the love that’s woven there; the love of

veterans whose tread has sounded on the fields
of re?; and women old, who n ourn their dead,
but mourn without despair. Bright-hued and
beautiful, it courts caresses of the breeze; and,
straining at its staff it_sports, in flaunting ec-
stasies; and other flags, that once were gay,
long, long ago were laid away, and many men,
whose heads are gray, are thinking now of
these. Serene and beautiful it waves, the flag
our fathers knew; in Freedom’s sunny air it
laves, and gains brighter hue; and may it still
the symbol be of all that makes a nation free;
still may we cherish Liberty, and to our God
be true.

