---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_111.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

FARTHEST NORTH BY RAIL

A railroad farthest north, tapping the po-
lar seas beyond Archangel, its whole length
running through a region of intense winter
cold, is one of the most important construct-
ive results of this destructive world-war,
says a writer in the National Geographic
Magazine. :

‘‘Stimulated by an imperative war-neces-
sity for a port nearer the West and the long
battle lines than Vladivostock, this new rail-
way has been driven north with the same
fierce energy as that called by the dash for
enemy positions,

“Finns, Lapps, Russians, alike, have la-
bored unremittingly to fasten a permanent
way of steel between Petrograd and Semo-
nowa, the latter city far beyond the arctic
circle, on the northern shore of Finland,
near Norwegian Nord Kap. Work upon the
new line began a few months after the out-
break of the war, and it has been pushed
feverishly as a means of over-reaching the
blockade by land and sea that isolates Russia
in the West.

““The undertaking required the building of
more than 650 miles of railroad through an
unfavorable country, in many places water-
soaked, crossed by low-banked rivers, filled
with countless lakes, large and small, and,
through a great part of the year, frozen
numb and buried under feet of snow. Con-
struction has gone forward from the north
and from the south, but there still remains
a considerable middle section to be laid be-
fore the completion of the project.

““The arteic railroad runs east from Petro-
gpad around Lake Lagoda, where it turns
poleward and whence, it holds a northern
course until it reaches the harbor at its ter-
minus upon the polar sea. Here on the bleak
Murman coast, deadened by months of cold
and cheered by a briefest summer, an up-to-
date harbor city is being built and the works
of a great northernmost naval base are being
carried forward. Semenowa, Kola and Alex-
androwsk—places that the world has never
thought to remember before—are now en-
joying an arctic war boom.

“Semenowa was a small collection of fish-
ermen’s huts before the war, apparently too
far out of the world ever to form a part of
it. Today, large docks, harbor improve-
ments, and a splendidly improvised future
has surprised the place. Semonowa tomor-
 row geems in the way of becoming a thriv-

ing, much-mentioned port city.”’ -

THE FORMATION OF ICEBERGS

Icebergs are not, as most people think,
frozen water in the strict sense of the word.
Rather they are accumulations of snow, which
formed first into glaciers, and then break off
into the forms seen in the ocean.

There are two types of glacier, coastal and
valley. The coastal glacier is formed of
snow accretions on the very edge of the

rocky shores of the Arctic and Antaratic
regions. The valley glacier is formed in the
same way between two rock ridges.

When the accumulation of snow on the
coastal glacier is so increased that it projects
too far beyond the rock edge of the land,
the glacier breaks off in huge, quadrangular
masses or icebergs. When a valley glacier
becomes too heavy, it starts to slide and slip
out of its bed, and, like the coastal glacier,
breaks off, as it hits tlie water, into tremen-
dously large, four-sided shapes.

When these icebergs, or drifting glacier
children, as I call them, break off, they are
usually about 90 or 100 feet high above the
water and from 700 to 800 feet thick below
the surface. I have seen icebergs, justafter
breaking off, the surface of whose top was
approximately 500 feet square. Sometimes
they are far larger than that, with a probable
weight of over 20,000,000 tons. Lieutenant
Peary measured one iccberg that weighed no
less than 2,000,000,000 tons.

—Book of Knowledge.

THE BRAVEST BATTLE

The bravest battle that was ever fough#!
Shall T tell you where, and when?

On the maps of the world you will find it not—
"Twas fought by the mothers of men.

Nay, not with the cannon or battle shot,
With the sword or nobler pen;

Nay, not with eloquent words or thought
From mouths of wonderful men!

But deep in the walled-up woman’s heart—
Of a woman that would not yield,

But bravely, silently, bore her part—
Lo, there is that battlefield!

No marshalling troop, no bivouac song,
No banner to gleam and wave; 5
But, oh, these battles they last so long—
From babyhood to the grave.

Yet faithful still as a bridge of stars,
The fights in her walled-up town—

Fights on and on in the endless wars,
Then silent, unseen, goes down.

— Unknown.

THE MOST POWERFUL LOCOMOTIVE

Seven hundred, the most powerful locomo-
tive that ever hauled a train, was put into
commission on the Virginia Railroad the
other day. Itis of tlLe triple articulative
type—a type of which there are only three
others in the United States, and all are owned
by the Erie Railroad. Seven hundred, how-
ever, has a greater tractory power than any
of its prototypes,there being practically no
limit to the weight it can pull or push.

Before its capacity could be reached the
draw-barsand couplers of the most modern cars
would break under the strain. Were it pos-
sible to put them together, it could pull 300
cars, loaded to capacity, and it would be able
to push a much heavier load. A conception

of its weight, 844,000 pounds, may be gained
when it is known that in going from Eddy-
stone, Pa., it had'to detour fifty miles between
Philadelphia and Wilmington, because the
most direct line was not strong enough
to bear its weight. The cost to build the
locomotive was over $50,000, and it will be
used to haul coal in the West Virginia moun-
tains. ;

AFTER-THOUGHTS

Now that our before-thoughts of the one-
third bill having been passed, and which has
given us new hopes of becoming good and
useful citizen, it is time that we give a few
after-thoughts to this new law, which was
passed for our benefit, and thereby set a

good example for those who do not share

our luck. _

First of all, we must not forget the hard
struggle our friends had to have such a law
as this passed; and they, no doubt, will look
for good results, and as ‘‘one good turn de-
serves another,’” it would only be right that
we should prove ourselves worthy of their
confidence, which - brought about this new
hope; and by doing so, we shall not only be
helping ourselves, but our brothers, who
may come after us. This will require sin-
cerity on our part, as time and again Society
has passed laws for the benefit of prisoners,
but were later discouraged for the lack of
outcome. .

It is now within our power to set the good
example for those who have been discourag-
ed, and in all probability we shall be the
cause of their getting another chance. In
the future the legislatures of other sfates
will look for the results, and should we prove
successful, they will no doubt adopt such a
law. This will require a thought of the
“other fellow’’ when getting this new
chance, and ., as Mr. Walker, the father of
this bill, said: ‘‘we shall now convince those
who were opposed to this new bill that they
were wrong and we are right;”” and perhaps
by doing so, we may be able to help those
who will not share our new fortune. Here
we must consider the ‘‘lifer’” as he, like our-
selves, would gladly welcome scuh chance,
and by proving ourselves worthy of our
friends’ hard struggle, he too will be helped.

So, when leaving here with the thought of
the other fellow and your own good inten-
tions, it will enable you to ‘‘do good and
make good.”’ —B 727).

No existing fort, of whatcver material it
may be constructed,is able to stand up against
the greatest guns now in use. Forts are now
merely points on the battle line and no long-
er forts in the old sense of the world.

Among the superstitious natives of Bul-
garia the prophet Ellijah is believed to con-
trol the elements. During heavy thunder-
storms thé women fall on their faces and
pray, ‘‘Dear Lord Ellijah, do not drive so
fast with your fiery horses.”’
