---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_112.jpg
---
4 :

THE UMPIRE

_—

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

Waels Pt Woel = Pet

Cubs 2080955760 Printers 13 23 361

Ninth 22 =1 3620 Athletics 9 26 257
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wa il sa Pet: Wersl S Pet

New York 39 22 639 Cincinatti 3737500

Phillies 37 26 58T Brooklyn 29 33 473

St. Louis 36 31 537 Boston 24 36 400

Chicago 39 34 534 Pittsburg 21 43 328
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wi = Pets Wil Bet:

Chicago 44 24 647 Cleveland S5 2oRRI600

Boston 41 24 631 Washingt'n 26 34 400

New York 35 29 547 St. Louis 26 42 382

Detroit 34 382 516 Athletics 23 N3OS

_‘_‘m______

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games,

Ninth vs. Printers

RES s
Ninths 5 o 0345 251N 0 Oz =S 1
Brintersy.. 5.t 10 50702070-01750-—2 4 1
Home run—Mack.
Double play—Tony.
Two-base hits—Spookie, Reds, Hagy and
B 8433.
Umpires—Sam and Myers.
Wednesday’s Games .
Athletics vs. Ninth
R. A H e s
Ninthessiv. PE0E0R0 sl L 0Ex i —288e5 0
Athletics....... 01.0000000-—-1+2 1
Two-base hits—Stump and Jacoby.
Umpires—Rabbie and Stackhouse.
Cubs vs. Printers
sk Dy
Gubst i 2200110 x % %= b4 e
Brinterse. .= OEOFOFIT0F0ExExExo— 1SR S
Double play—Lucky. z
Umpires— Barrington and Windy.
Friday’s Games
Ninth vs. Athletics
Rl o

iAtthleties. .o 002208150 0300 x—3 2 0
............ 00002000 x—2 4 0

Three-base hits—Mickie.
Umpires—Sam  and Billy McKenty and

Stackhouse.

Cubs vs. Printers

R
Gubsiz v 2=0= 1] S i —6 5 0

Printers......... 000000xxx—0 i 0
Two-base hit—Chick. :
Umpires—Barrington and Windy.

Owing to lack of space we are unable to
: give a full baseball report this week. Mon-
day’s game is entirely omitted.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

What a grand privilege it was on Saturday
afternoon to just get out in the yard and
talk ‘‘one-third’’ stuff. And what a hopeful
bunch it was gathered together. One fellow
would say, ‘‘Does it affect you?’’ ‘‘Sure

" thing; knocks five years off me!”’ ‘“Youbet if

I get out on it I’'ll never come back again.
All I ask is a chance.”” ‘‘Whassa matta with
goin’ in the navy?’’ ‘I’ll go if they’ll have
me.”” ‘I wonder if they’ll take ‘cons’.’’
Yes, never in the history of old Cherry Hill
did the men have a chance to think and speak
their thoughts as was done that afternoon.
The ones who are not benefitted listened pa-
tiently to the other fellows chatter.

When the order was given each man was ©

eager and ready to get out,and at one o’clock
the line formed and four abreast, led by Vice-
President A 8432, with the brass band under
Professor Wiegandt playing martial music,
the march was begun. The marching was
very good this week, and it was difficult to
select the winner. The honor was between
the 7th and 4th, and after much debate it
was given to the 7th. The Red Cross con-
tingent, with their heads well wrapped, and
white gowns, carrying stretchers to aid any
who might tall by the wayside, played a con-
spicuous part in the parade. A large white
flag, with a red cross, was borne by the
standard bearer.

The 6th Block had a new American flag,
the largest of all. Another new flag was the
Belgian flag; and now we need the green flag
of old Erin, and our flag list will be com-
plete.

The bright colors, the brass band, and bu-
gle corps, with men keeping rhythmic step,
each hat taken off and the colors dipped, as
“Old Glory’’ flying from the gate tower was
passed, the Warden and party reviewing the
whole as it passed by, was a sight to see;
and well might Warden McKenty feel pleas-
ed to know that he was bringing sunshine in-
to the hearts of the men in his charge.

‘When the march had ended and the base-
ball began, the men split up in small parties
and discussed ‘‘one-third law’’ and other
matters at heart, the band on the grand-
stand doing full Justlce

The eminent and worthy leader of the
Catholic choir' (B 8158, Spitz), accompanied
by B 7349 on the saxophone, sang a song,
‘““America, Here’s My Boy,”” in a sweet,
clear tenor. It was Spitz that the Orpheus
Club mentioned his grace in leading his choir.

Pete (A 8432) tried to lead the orchestra.
He gave two sweeps with Professor Wie-
gandt’s baton, then forgot what to do next,
and quit. An accordeon solo, with a guitar
and song by the guitar king, also gave inter-
est to the entertainment.

Everything was buzzing along nicely, and
3:45 came all too quickly, but the members
had placed another week behind them, and
quietly fell in. Then to the tune of Jack

Evans’ cornet and the drums they marched
to their cells.

After they had all gone in some one said,
‘“Where’s Rube?’” and upon looking round
he was found on the croquet ground with
mallet and ball, getting ready for a match
game with ‘“Curly’’ on Monday. The last
game they played found the four players
seated on the ground when the whistle blew,
awaiting the settlement of the question as to
whether a ball was dead or alive. Oh, what
a game the coming one will be!

During the week the croquet ground was
opened for the older members. A new cro-
quet set was purchased by the Club, the very
best to be had, and now the elder men can be
seen sitting around the plot, some playing,

others awaiting their turn. Every day, that

is, when the weather permits.
"~ We have not heard from the correspondent
of the Ladies’ Auxiliary for some time, al-
though there has been a permanent: organi-
zation, with a Vice-President (Ess), and
things are going well.

The Club received a letter of acceptance of
honorary membership from Mrs. Robert
Kean, filled with encouragement.

We were very happy to receive a letter
from our dear old friend ‘‘Little Harry’’
(Delegate B 5602), from the 7th Gallery, who
went out in June. He enclosed $1.75 for the
Club’s treasury and his best wishes to the
boys. He is doing well, ana we wish him
su cess. Hope he will learn that we thank
him and he is remembered.

Next week, July 7th, 1st Section, 12 B, 1—
2 G, 8-9-10-11-6 B, 6 G. —B 7542.

TREASURER’S REPORT OF RECEIPTS AND
DISBURSEMENT > OF HONOR AND
FRIENDSHIP CLUB

Second Quarter, April 1 to June 30, 1917

Balance on hand, March 31 $179.79
Contributions and repayments 24.00
Commissions on sales 10895
Sale of old paper 100.48%
Magazine subscriptions 46.94
Magazine sales .80
Sale of Poke Perry publication 18.45
Collection on patriotic pictures 67.23
Collection on U. S. and Allied Flags 28.70
$486.34
DISBURSEMENTS
Gifts, donations and charities $100.73
Education and recreation 41.35
Purchased U. S. and Allied Flags *33.20
Commissions paid 10.05
Funeral floral piece 45.00
Funeral expenses 17.00
Paid for magazines 12.19
Miscellaneous purchases 22289
Miscellaneous expenses 6.06
Donation Y. M. C. A. War Fund 25.00 -
Donation Red Cross 50.00
Liberty Loan Bond 50.00
Cash on hand 73.41
$486.34
B 7983, Treasurer.

