---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_113.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, July 11, 1917

NO. 27

MRS. MAUD BALLINGTON
BOOTH BRINGS CHEER
TO E. S. P. INMATES

Sunday, July8th, was marked as the occa-
sion of a visit to this institution of the
‘“‘Little Mother,”* Mrs. Maud Ballington
Booth, whose welcome presence always
brings an atmosphere of encouragement to
those who are shut in behind gray prison
walls. During the course of her short stay
with us, Mrs. Booth visited each of the blocks
to deliver a message of comfort and cheer
to the inmates and to impress upon them the
need of personal effort to lighten their bur-
den of trouble, and, as the ‘‘Little Mother”’
aptly suggested, that ‘‘we must see the light
for ourselves and feel the glow of heart de-
sire for a higher life before lasting results
may be looked for by those who are sincere
in their wish to lead a future upright life.”’

Mrs. Booth cleverly illuminated her remarks
by ingenious anecdotes that served to leave
a clear impression of the point of illustration,
and it may be said that all who listened to
the pithy discourse were pleasantly and deep-
ly impressed by the truth of her sayings.

Mrs. Booth’s work among the various pris-
ons of the country is too well known to need
further encomiums in these columns, but we
do not hesitate to say that many former pris-
oners have found a staunch friend and com-
forter in the ‘‘Little Mother’’ at a time when
thay were in greatest need of help and en-
couragement.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game

Ninth vs. Athletics

The Ninth-Athletics tie game was played
off at the Storehouse grounds on Tuesday,
that resulted in a complete whitewash for
the latter team without even the chance for
a look-in, no hits being made. Jacoby pitched
the best game of the season, with 18 straight
strike-outs, and no pass or hit allowed.
Charlie No. 2 held down the mound for the
Athleties with indifferent success, as he was
found for 5 hits, passed 7, and struck out 6.

RERSH ST
INffthe o 3 0051 B 000505 , 5 =« 0
Athletics........ O BR0T080.0:0-0°0— 0 10: 40

Two-base hit—Hagy.
Umpires— Rabbie and Stiackhouse.
Thursday’s Games
Cubs vs. Ninth

The Cubs scored another victory over the
Ninth at the Storehouse game on Wednesday,

with Jordan’s slick home run and Williams-
port’s three-base hit as special features of
the game. It was evident to all the onlook-
ers that the Cubs outplayed the Ninth after
the second inning. Harvey did the honors
at the mound for the Cubs, striking out 7,
allowing 1 pass and 3 hits. Hagy pitched for
the Ninth and was found for 8 hits, passed 1
and struck out 8.

R
(Elo o S 0001033007 oS 2
NG S 30000000 0—3 3 1

Home run—Jordan.

Three-base hit— Williamsport.

Two-base hits—Harvey, Jordan and Spook.
Umpires—Rabbie and Stackhouse.

Athletics vs. Printers

Thursday’s game at the Garage grounds
between the Athletics and Printers resulted
in another defeat for the latter team to the
tune of 7—4. The game looked well for the
Athletics from the start, with Charlie No. 2
in the box. While his work was not quite up
to the standard, it was so much better than
his opponents’ that he succeeded in holding
them down to 2 hits, walking 3 and striking
out 7. B 8374 pitched the first two innings
for the Printers and was succeeded by Tony,
who finished the game.

Athleties... ... 185
Brintersstns 0 %
Double play—D. C.
Three-base hit—B 8433.
Two-base hits—Richmond and B 8343.
Umpires—Sam and Barrington.

gl
2
2

Friday’s Games
Cubs vs. Ninth
Luck and good playing won ,another game
for the Cubs in their contest with the Ninth
at the Storehouse grounds on Friday. The
fans were out in full force and gave repeated
evidence of their appreciation at the sharp

plays made by hearty hanc-clapping. Slick’s”

home run was made in accord with his name,
featuring the game. Harvey pitched for the

Cubs, striking ott 6, passing 2, with only 3.

hits allowed. Mack was in the box for the
Ninth snd was found for 7 hits, walked 1 and
struck out 5.

Home run—Slick.
Two-base hit—Jordan.
Umpires—Rabbie and Stackhouse.

Printers vs. Athletics
Friday’s game at the Garage grounds be-

<«

tween the Athletics and Printers proved a
surprise for the onlookers, the latter team
carrying off the game to the score of 4—O0.
The two errors of the Athletics were rather
costly and resulted in a score of goose-eggs.
D. C. was in the box for the Athletics, and
though he succeeded in striking out 12, 7
hits and 4 walks were recorded against him.
Tony pitched for the Printers, striking out
2, and allowing but 1 hit and 1 pass.

R
Printersisars: 200020000-—-4 7w
Athletiecs........ 0000000000 1N
Double play—Tony and Charlie No. 2.
Two-base hits—Johnnie and B 8433.
Umpires—Sam and Barrington.

Monday’s Games

Ninth vs. Cubs

A large assemblage of fans witnessed the
Cubs-Ninth game at the Storehouse grounds
on Monday, and were expressive of their de-
light at the spectacular plays as the game
progressed. After apparently having the
game‘well in hand the Cubs’ players made
two bad breaks that allowed the Ninth to
score three runs in one inning, after which
the situation was changed about. Four home
runs featured the game and evoked spirited
applause from the onlookers. Harvey pitch-_
ed for the Cubs, and was a little unsteady at
times. He struck out 6, passed 5 and allowed
5 hits. Hagy’s work on the mound for the
Ninth was not his best as he was found for
11 hits, striking out 7, with no passes issued.
Jimmie, Mack, Boston and Williamsport were
the stars of the game.

RivCH S B

Niathas. - 02041000 0—7 5 1
Cubs %0, & 2300205 1205020-— 651 ] 2
Home run— Jimmie, Mack and Boston 2.

Three-base hit— Williamsport.
Two-base hits—Slick and Jordan.
Umpires—Eddie, Rabbie and Stackhouse.

Athletics vs. Printers

Monday’s game at the Garage grounds re-
sulted in another victory for the Athletics
over the Printers, with comparatively little
enthusiasm showing on either side, as things
were two easy for the Athletics to put
“pep’’ in their playing. Boyd was at the
mound for the Athletics, striking out 7, pass-
ing 2 and allowing only 3 hits. Thomas
pitched for the Printers and proved a weak
member, being found for 9 hits, passing 2,
striking out 5. The double play of B 8376

featured.

IR E.
Athleties....0 01 06100 0—S8 9 0
Printers...... 10000000 0-—1 3 3
