---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_115.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

OUR FRIENDS

A friend is a man who is willing to share
his time, his money and his company with
you, regardless of what another may say
about you.

There are many kinds of friends. Some
friends exist for revenue only ana some are
protective to & high degree. A true friend
is a better defender than a battleship and as
a convenience has a national bank beaten all
around the compass.

Then there are other kmds of friends that
are useful in a number of ways. They are
a great assistance in smoking cigars, in wait-
ing for ducks and in digesting dinners. A
great many men find it impossible to support
a large heavy bar in an expensive saloon
without the aid of several friends. Friends
can be sworn at with comparative safety,
and the man who loves to tell disagreeable
truths in an offensively frank manner would
not live long if he were compelled to prac-
tise upon strangers instead of friends.

Friends are blood relatives of procrastina-
tion. Both are great thieves of time. Asa
rule, friends love most dearly to steal the

‘bright and cheerful evening hours which
should be spent in reading books. It is a
common thing for two or three friends to
hold up a perfectly respectable business man
and take four or five hours away from him,
“including the hour in which the last street
car leaves the down-town district.

' Friends are responsible for most of the pol-
iticians of the country. Almost every man
who has run for office has done so at the in-
sistence of his friends. This can be proved
by the statements of thousands of candidates.
However, most of these friends prove their
friendship at elections by steadfastly voting
for the other fellow.

David and Jonathan were the two first re-
corded friends of great devotion. Davidloved
Jonathan like a brother, but was not half so
mean to him. Damon and Pythias were cel-
ebrated friends who flourished before the
Christian was invented. Pythias took Da-
mon’s place in the death cell while Damon
visited his relatives, and was peeved when
he could not die for him. Nowadays even
greater heights of devotion are reached be-
tween friends who go unflinchingly to death
in each other’s automobiles in great numbers.

Some people use friends as recreations,
some as tonies, some as bank accounts, some
as ladders and some as stone walls to lean
against. A certain method of finding a friend
is to go out and make a noise like a bill
breaking. A method not nearly so sure is to
go broke yourself.

Friends are pleasant if used in moderatlon,

" but disastrous if used to excess. Very few
men can afford to have more than- a dozen
friends, unless they have nothing else to do.
It is as much trouble to keep three friends
as it is to keep one hired girl.

—George Fitch.

THE FORTUNATE ISLE

You sail and you seek for the Fortunate Isles,
The old Greek Isles of the yellow bird’s

song;
Then steer straight on through the watery
miles,
Straight on, straight on, and you can’t go
wrong. .

Nay, not to the left; nay, not to the right;
But on, straight on, and the Isles are in
sight,
The Fortunate Isles, where the yellow birds
sing : '
And life lies girt with a golden ring.
These Fortunate Isles, they are not far;
They lie within reach of the lowliest door;
You can see them gleam by the twilight star;
You can hear them sing by the moon’s
white shore.
Nay, never look back! Thcse levelled grave-
stones
They were landing-steps; they were steps
unto thrones
Of glory for souls that have sailed before
And have set white feet on the fortunate
shore.

And what are the names of the Fortunate
Isles?
Wiy, Duty and Love-and a large Content.
Lo! these are the isles of the watery miles
That God let down from the firmament.
Lo! Duty and Love, and a true man’s trust,
Your forehead to God and your feet in the
dust;
Lo! Duty and Love, and a sweetbabe’s smiles,
And there, O friend, are the Fortunate
Isles. —Joaquin Miller.

DIAMOND MINING

e i

In Kimberley, South Africa, the DeBeers
Company find it necessary to use the most
stringent means to protect their diamonds.
When a man goes to work for this company
he must sign a contract for four months, and
during that time he can not leave the com-
pound except to go to his work. A large per
cent. of the workmen are Kaffirs, avers the
Miner.

The twenty square miles owned by the
company are fenced with barbed wire stretch-
ing for miles under a tangle of underbrush.
If a man attempts to escape, or break in,
there is a system of alarm bells which noti-
fies the guard and indicates the exact spot.
At night the mines are brilliantly lighted
with great electric cres. But in spite of all
precautions the DeBeers Company estimated
their annuxl loss into the millions. How the
stealing of diamonds is possible where the
workmen are so closely watched no one can
imagine. In some cases Kaffirs about to
leave have been known to tie up a valuable
diamond in a rag, and when opportunity of-
fered, would throw it over the barbed wire
fence, hoping to find it again when once out-
side. ' The guards have several times picked
up diamonds done up in this fashion.

THE QUALITY THAT WINS

Aplucky Massachusettsboy isactuallygrow-
ing his education. At the end of his gram-
mar-school course he took the savings he had
accumulated from a paper route and invested
the money in young peach trees which he set
out on a sunny hillside. The orchard thrived
and the first crop is going to pay a consider-
able part of his freshman year expenses.

He prepared his orchard according to in-
structions received from the Department of
Agriculture, which takesa paternal interest
in all young farmers. One of his classmates
in high school made fifty dollars from his let-
tuce bed, while a small ten-year old girl,
who had no ground of her own, planted a
Japanese cucumber in a big flower pot. The
vine grew ten feet high and her neighbors
soon learned where to come for fresh cucum-
bers. Helpful literature and, in some local-
ities, even personal supervision may te ob-
tained by writing either to the State or Na-
tional Department of Agriculture.

—The Uplift.

POWERFUL NEW LIGHT INVENTED

It is announced that a powerful artificial
light that can not be distinguished from day-
light has been hailed with delight by illumi-
nating engineers. It is claimed that the
light, which is transmitted by a flaming arc
lamp, will prove of inestimable value to the
arts and sciences. It will be used in photo-
graph and movie studios and in the paint and
dye industries for color matching in the
laboratory.

Also, wholesale and retail clothing houses
will find the white light valuable in the
salesroom, it is said, as the color values are
practically identical with those of daylight.
It is claimed that the light also will replace
the greenish-hued mercury vapor lights in
studio and engraving rooms.

THE TENREC

One of the strangest animals known
zoologists is the tenrec. an insect-eating
animal found only in the island of Madagas-
car. It is supposed to represent a very an-
cient type of animal which is now almost ex-
tinct. Madagascar, once a part of the main-
land of the African continent, was separated
therefrom at a very remote period in the
past. As a result a fauna peculiar to the is-
land has been developed.

FACTS WORTH KNOWING

Hawaii will be equipped with a lighthouse

giving a double flash of light of 940,000-can-

dle-power every ten seconds.

*
* K

The minera! production of Alaska last year
is officially estimated to have been worth
$32,000,000, the greatest amount on record.
