---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_117.jpg
---
~ THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, July 18, 1917

NO. 28

CLEMENCY GRANTED
TO MANY BY N. J.
COURT OF PARDONS

It is very satisfactory to note the spirit
of liberality and mercy which seemed to act-
uate the members of the New Jersey Court
of Pardons in granting clemency to a large
number of petitioners at the last session of
" that body.

As announced on Saturday last the Court
of Pardons reviewed the largest number of
applications for clemency in its history, there
being 316 cases listed for consideration.

It was decided to grant pardons to 132 of
the applicants, nine of which were homicide
cases. 106 will become immediately effective,
while twenty-six will become effective upon
the expiration of the  minimum sentence of
the applicants.

In speaking of the liberality of the Court
in granting the pardons, one of the members
averred that the exigencies of the times de-
mands that where there was a probable chance
of the prisoner ‘‘making good,’’it is sheer fol-
ly to keep able-bodied or capable men con-
fined in idleness when present economic con-
ditions requires that every available: man
should be actively employed in the industries
or in the service of his country.

That would seem to be the correct atti-
tude to assume in the matter of granting par-
don or parole at this time when the de-
mand for men is so incessant.

No doubt there are many prisoners in the
jails and penitentiaries of the country, es-
pecially first offenders, who would be glad of
the opportunity to ‘‘do their bit”’ for their
country, and become law-abiding citizens in
the doing, if given a chance to show their
sincerity of purpose. At any rate it would
be but fair, in the light of modern reform, to
give promising cases a “‘¢ry-out’’ and watch
results.

Let us hope that other communities will
follow the generous spirit shown by New
Jersey, New York and Illinois, in granting
liberal pardon and parole to the inmates of
their penal institutions.

BASTILE DAY IN THE E. S. P.

With the playing of the Marseillaise by
Professor Rightly on Saturday, July 14, the
Honor and Friendship Club paid its tribute
and honoved Bastile Day.

It meant the same as when in 1793, in the
presence of Governor Mifflin at Weed’s Ferry,
the head of a pig was severed from its body
and passed around to each guest, who stabbed
the ,head, donned a liberty cap, shouting

“Tyrant!”’ and among the toasts was, ‘“As
France acted to America, so may America
act with respect to France.”’

Or again in 1794, when an immense gather-
ing in Philadelphia sang the ‘‘Marseillaise.”’
America has done what she could for France,
and it stands ready to do more.

The members of the H. F. C. have done
what they could for America and stand ready
to do more. We saluted the French flag and
played ‘““The Marseillaise’” and ‘“Viva la
France.”’ —B 75}2.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

. Wednesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics

An interesting game of ball was played at
the Storehouse grounds on Wednesday be-
tween the Cubs and Athletics, with several
enlivening features to bring joy to the
hearts of the large assemblage of fans who
witnessed the game. Jordan, Lucky, D. C.
and Williamsport disported themselves in
true baseball ardor, to the delight of all.
Harvey and Mooney were in the box for the
Cubs, while Charlie No. 1 pitched for the
Athletics. Harvey struck out 3 and did not
allow any hits. Mooney was found for 4
hits, walked 2 and struck out 5. . Charlie
struck out 12, passed 2 and allowed 7 hits.

Rese H= B
Cubs=s. v 251220200020 020—5 el
Athleties........ IP0R0E082 0200209 470

Double play—Jordan.

Sacrifice hit—Lucky.

Three-base hits—Williamsport and D. C.
Two-base hits—Harvey and Lucky.
Umpires—Pigiron and Barrrington.

Ninth vs. Printers

Wednesday’s game at the Garage grounds
between the Ninth and Printers was a farce
from the start in so far as the latter team
was concerned, with not even one run to
their credit. Jacoby maintained his old record
at the mound for the Ninth, striking out 16,
passing 1, and allowing but 2 hits. Tony
pitched for the Printers and was found for 7
hits, passed 3 and struck out 8.

Double play—Tony.
Two-base hits—Bobbie and Stump.
Umpires—Rabbie and Sam.

Thursday’s Game

Cubs vs. Ninth
The protested game was played at the

Storehouse grounds on Thursday between
the Cubs and Ninth and resulted in a white-
wash for the latter team. Harvey pitched
a no-hit game for the Cubs, striking out 10,

with but 1 walk. Mack was at the mound

for the Ninth and was found for 6 hits, strik-
ing out 9 and passing 8. Chick’s clever sac-
rifice hit in the fourth round featured.

R b
Gubsziens = 0210 1512 0500 =3 S0 0
N Eh e SRS 000000000—0 O 0

Umpires—Bill McKenty, Sam and Stack-
house.

Friday’s Games

Ninth vs. Printers

The Ninth played tag with the Printers on
Friday at the Garage grounds and rolled up a
total of 19 runs to their opponents’ 3 runs.
The humor of the players saved the game
from becoming monotonous. Hagy pitched
for the Ninth, striking out 11, and allowing
but 1 hit and 2 passes. Thomas, Johnnie
and Tony divided the honors for the Printers,
with indifferent success. ‘

RS
Nl 02383605300-19 18 0
RrinteEsy e 000111000-3 1 1

Two-base hits—Bobbie and Hagy 2.
Struck out by Thomas, 2.
Umpires—Sam and Barrington.

Athletics vs. Cubs

The Cubs were taken back a pace or two
at their game with the Athletics on Friday,
which resulted in a string of goose-eggs in
the tally sheet, the final score being 5—0 in
favor of the Athletics. Some say it was the
heat that affected the Cubs’ players, but what-
ever the cause they were not able to play
ball. Bond pitched a good game for the Ath-
letics

Rt S 1
Athletics....... 220 10 22 02080=0—5 o)
(OB aceoenboreis 000000000—0 4 0

Sacrifice hit—Spookie.

Two-base hits—Spitz, D. C., Chick and
Softcoal.

Umpires—Stackhouse and Pigiron.

Monday’s Games
Athletics vs. Cubs

R. E.
Athletics........ 0" 0028002820 0—5 356 830
Cubs® 000000000—6 3 1
Home run— B&343.
Double plays—D. C. and Spitz.
Two-base hits—Spookie, D.C. and Lucky.

Umpires— Stackhouse and Pigiron.
Ninth—6 Printers—0
