---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_118.jpg
---
2 ~
P St SRR IR e e Vs e o o S
—_—

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, .

every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, July 18, 1917

“An ungrateful man does an ingury to all
who stand in need of aid.’’

THE GRUMBLER

We are told that the Creator in His wis-
dom created many men of many minds and
temperaments, knowing that if the sons of
men were alike in wishes and desiresit would
lead to unending strife.

He created well, for man is the noblest
work of God. But in some way there crept
into the world a creature the Almighty did
not create like himself. This is the chronic
grouch that is to be found here and there in
every town and place, searching for—the
Lord knows what. He seems to instinctively
dislike flowers and children because they
stand for love and beauty and all that the
good of heart can desire. This craven avers
that all women are creatures of sin and all
men are liars and the sons of liars.

When other hearts are made joyous by the
delights of summer he reviles the beauty of
the landscape and detests the life-giving
glow of sunshine, and the blight of his per-
verted mind seems to blight all that is fair
- and beautiful. His presence is like unto a
noxious weed that exhales a fetid odor, and
even children avoid him as a thing of evil,
while men shun his company as the bearer of
an evil tale. And so he stalks abroad spread-
ing his rantings of unhappiness and unbelief
—a messenger of discord and evil. Of all
things hated by God is the sower of discord
and hate among his brethren.

Would it not be well for us all to examine
our own hearts and see if this pernicious mi-
crobe of evil has made its way therein to
mature in time and evolve the detested
grouch habit? ‘‘There is too much love and
sunshine to be found in this wbrld to displace
it with selfishness and the canker of a per-
verted mind.”’

THE FLAG WE ALL LOVE

What is the glorious flag we all love?

It is just what we make it, no more and
no less, says a writer in the Fvening Tele-
graph. In every period since the birth of
the Republic it has represented the charac-

THE UMPIRE

ter and ideal of the American people of that
period.

We of this crucial decade may revere it
for what it has meantin the past, but we
can not truly honor it save by making it re-
flect something within ourselves that is
equally noble and of service to mankind.

In its infancy the flag represented a people
yearning for complete self-government and
their willingness to die in the struggle to
achieve such independence.

Nearly a century later the flag flew in bat-
tle for the overflow of human slavery and
the final acknowledgment of the United
States as ‘‘one and indissoluble.’’

Throughout its existence our precious stand-
ard has proclaimed to the world the belief of
Americans in ‘‘government of the people, by
the people and for the people’’ as the basis
of justice among men.

After nearly a century and a half we are
sending the flag to the Old World, whence
we all trace our origin, in the proud beiief
that it may help implant there the principles
that have made America great and happy.

Upon every American falls an obligation
so to think and act during this world ecrisis
that fresh glory, and no slightest stain, shall
come upon the flag of our faith and our fa-
thers.

: HIS DREAM CAME TRUE

An unusual incident came to light in this
city recently, which resulted in a poor boy’s
dream coming true.

Asrecorded in a local paper the fact de-
veloped that a fourteen-year-old colored boy
was found sleeping in a dog-kennel by a resi-
dent of Brown street, who notified the police
as to what he had seen, at the same time
airing his suspicions, ete. A search was in-
stituted in his neighbor’s yard next door,
and a policeman located the youth in the
kennel as had been declared.

The boy was taken to the station house
and after considerable questioning it was
disclosed that the lad had made the kennel
his abode since he left home three weeks
previous. It seems that the boy did not take
kindly to the thought of attending school, so
he planned to find work and thus escape go-
ing to school. His search for work proved
successful and he obtained a position with a
well-known Walnut street firm and started
in to win his way in the world. The youth’s
father was summoned to the station-house
and at his request the lad’s employer was no-
tified of his whereabouts. This resulted in
the youth’s benefactor appearing on the
scene with a suitcase loaded with a new suit
of clothes, shoes, hat, underwear, stockings,
shirt and everything that a boy likes. All
of them were brand new. Next the young
adventurer had a bath, and rigged out anew.

It is said that if the lad will return to
school and bring a favorable report to his
benefactor, he is to be given a regular al-
lowance to provide for his growing needs,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

and when the proper time arrives he will be
assisted in securing suitable employment.

THINK WELL OF MANKIND

“I am far from thinking that all those who
have depreciated our species have been ene-
mies to virtue, and have exposed the frailties of
their fellow-creatures with any bad intention . .
I must, however, be of opinion, that the senti-
ments of those who are inclined to think fa-
vorably of mankind, are more advantageous to
virtue than the contrary principles, which
gives us a mean opinion of our nature. When a
man is prepossessed with a high notion of his
rank and character : he will naturally
endeavor to act up to it, and will scorn to de
a base or vicious action which might put him
below that figure which he makes in his own
imagination.”’—Hume.

“MIZPAH”

Go thou thy way, and I go mine,
Apart, yet not afar;
Only a thin veil hangs between
The pathways where we are;
And God keep watch ’tween thee and
_ me—
- This is my prayer.
He looketh thy way, He looketh mine,
And keeps us near.

‘I know not where thy road may lie,

Or which way mine will be,
If mine will lead through purling
sands
And thine beside the Sea.
Yet God keeps watch ’tween thee

and me,
So never fear,
He holds thy hand, He claspeth mine,
And keeps us near.
I sigh sometimes to see thy face,
But since this may not be,
I’ll leave thee to the care of Him
Who cares for thee and me.
I’ll keep you both beneath my wings—
This comforts, dear;
One wing o’er thee and one o’er me,
So are we near. _
—Julia H. Baker.
