---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_119.jpg
---
\

* THE UMPIRE

3

B e
_

CLEAR -WHITE INSIDE

“‘Clear white inside,”” as Kipling
said of Gungha Din, ‘‘for all his
bloomin’ hide,”” so was Walter
Greenway, even if he was a burglar
by choice, comments the editor of
Good Words in the current issue.

A burglar he was, the educated,
able man, with a knowledge of for-
eign languages, and he took to sec-
ond-story work like a gentlemanly
Raffles. The sheer excitement of it
all lured him. With this equipment
~ in brains and breeding, it may be
hard to realize that such a fellow
was other than a proverbial black
sheep—but wait until you hear the
story and then see if I am not right
" about him. Then you will say ‘‘Yes,
he was a burglar but he is white in-
side and England had cause to be
proud of him.”’ The story is pieced
together from Blackwood’s Maga-
zine, London Public Opinion, and
our own Literary Digest, each fitting
its bit of mosaic work into the de-
sign.

As a well trained and responsible
clerk in London, Greenway was ar-
rested upon a felony charge. At
‘once he pretended to be a deaf
mute.

After his release from sentence
he asked to be sent to sea, saying:
‘T ghall never do any good where
there are houses with atties, or with
any other sort of upper story.

¢«T shall be out of all temptation
on a sailing-ship. I could climb the
rigging, and do no harm to anybody.
Or an Indian wigwam village might
do, or a Bedouin encampment—no
attics there I understand.

“Send me somewhere out of the
country, to sea for choice; I shall be
at my accomplishments again if I
stay in a civilized community.”’

On a sailing-ship he went and for
a year the ‘“Old Adam’’ was quiet
and then he broke loose. He desert-
ed. Two years later a friend in
England heard from him. He had
became a Bedouin and had married
an Arabian woman. For his wife
and three children he shows strong
affection. He is very happy—but
with the war he again turns deaf
mute as in England, so that he may
learn what ‘‘his Mohammedan coun-
trymen, their Turkish masters, and
the German superbosses are about.”’
In this a knowledge of German helps
him. He goes from camp to camp,
always treated considerately as one
“‘afilicted by Allah.’’ Then he comes
within the British lines.

When he retarned to the Turkish

(Continued on 3rd column.)

THE LAND OF BEGINNING AGAIN

-

I wish that there were some wonderful place
Called the Land of Beginning Again,

Where all our mistakes, and all our heartaches,
And all of our poor selfish grief

Could be dropped like a shabby old coat at the door,
And never put on again.

I wish we could come on it all unaware,
Like the hunter who finds the lost trail; [done

And I wish that.the one whom our blindness had
The greatest injustice of all

Could be at the gates, like an old friend that waits,
For the comrade he’s gladdest to hail.

. We would find all the things we intended to do,

But forgot, and remembered too late;

Little praises spoken, little promises broken,
And all of the thousand and one

Little duties neglected that might have perfected
The day for one less fortunate.

It wouldn’t be possible not to be kind
In the Land of Beginning Again;
And the ones we misjudged
And the ones whom we grudged
Their moment of victory here,
Would find in the grasp of our loving handclasp
More than penitent lips could explain.

For what had been hardest we’d known
had been best,
And what had seemed loss would be gain;
For there isn’t a sting that will not take wing
When we’ve faced it and laughed it away; [after
And I think that the laughter is most what we’re
In the Land of Beginning Again.

So I wish that there were some wonderful place
Called the Land of Beginning Again,
Where all our mistakes and all our heartaches,
And all of our poor selfish grief :
Could be dropped like a shabby old coat at the door,
And never put on again.
—Louise F. Tarkington.

WHERE THIEVES MEET

It is true that many strange things come out of the Rus-
sian revolution, but non: more so than a convention recent-
ly held at Rostoff-on-the-Don, says The Index.

This was a convention of THIEVES—men who had
preyed on society in all manner of illegitimate ways. They

said they had gathered to demand a place in the new free-

dom, and a chance to turn over a new leaf.

Imagine a convention of thieves and safe-blowere in
Madison Square Garden or Chicago Auditorium!

Imagine a gatheringof confessed pickpockets and strong-

" arm men in Dreamland rink orina public plaza in New

Orleans!
You have guessed it right.
on the double quick.

The reserves would come

(Concluded from 1st column.)

army, it was learned that he had
been with the British forces. He
was of course received with great
suspicion and as a deaf mute he was
put to awful tests. Rifles were fir-
ed immediately behind his ears. He
did not start. Marched up to a big
gun, he stood bleeding at the ears
and nostrils from the concussion of
twenty explosions. It was evident
he was deaf. Even so, perhaps he
could talk? Hot irons were applied
to tender parts. A fingernail or
two were torn out. Only a gutteral
moan escaped him. Then they were
satisfied. Yes, he was a deaf
mute.

He had just given to his country-
men all the plans describing posi-
tions, and batteries, and encamp-
ments with a precision and accuracy
never possible in ‘‘a simple child of
the desert.”’ :

Yet this man was a burglar. Does
the story not make the eyes misty?
Will people never realize what there
actually is in the make-up of such
a fellow, willingly undergoing tor-
ture for the land he loved?

Walter Greenway was white,
clear white, inside. A burglar, yes,
and yet one easily understands that
the concluding words of the article
have the right ring: ‘‘He may have
been a burglar, but England is
proud of him.’’

But at this convention of thieves '
in Russia the chief of militia was an
invited guest, as were other gov-
ernment officials, and pleas were
made for help in giving the men
a chance for an honest life.

This is one of the most amazing
of all the amazing stories from Rus-
sia. And it brings up all over again
in a new light the question of
whether society makes thieves, or
whether they just happpen like
Topsy.

Most varieties of fish have no eye-
lids at all, a shiny membrane or a )
thick, transparent skin covering the
eyes and protecting them {from in-
jury. The eyes are constantly in
use, except when the fish are asleep.
A variety known as the puffer or
swellfish, which burrows in the sand
at the bottom, has eyelids which
cover the eyeball when closed, the
lower lid being larger than the up-
per.

Happiness depends on the taste,
and not on the thing, and itis by
having what we like that we are
made happy, and not by having
what others consider likeable.
