---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_120.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE ;

et

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

Wo LS Ret: WL
Cubs 30 12 .74 Printers 14 28 333
Ninth Athletics 13 297309

20158645

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wo b Pet: Wa TSP et
New York 48 26 649 Chicago 43: 41 512
Philies 40 32 556 Brooklyn 36 39 480
St. Louis 44 37 543 Boston 3251 W]
Cinecinatti AGESEA 288523 Pittsburg 247 53312

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wi i Pt We I sePct
Chicago 51031 622 Detroit 41" 89" 513
Boston 508 6170 Washingt'n 33 45 423
Cleveland 46 40 535 Athletics 29 47 382
AR R 51O St. Louis 320 528381

New York

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the last meeting of the Board of Govern-
ors of the Honor and Friendship Club it was
ordered, with the concurrence of the Board
of Delegates, that all business transacted by
these two bodies should be printed in THE
UMPIRE. - The following is the business for
the week of July 9th and 10th.

The Board of Governors met on the above
date and the following business was disposed
of, the Board of Delegates concurring:

Finance—Order for American flag

Order 5639, assistance at gate,
afterward repaid with 10¢ interest 3.00

Central news for magazines 22

A full Board present, President R. C. Me-
Kenty present throughout the meeting.

Application for assistance 7308, 7 G. Letter
given to Prisoners’ Aid Society.

Motion adopted to purchase a rolling-chair
to wheel crippled members to the croquet
grounds.

That a monument be purchased anderected.
in the Club’s burial plot at the Blockley Bap-
tist Cemetery and proper floral decorations
be placed thereon on Decoration Day.

That a member upon receiving assistar’lce
from the Club shall sign a paper giving per-
mission to forward a letter to his sponsor
stating the amount borrowed and when it is
to be paid.

- That on Club holidays the band be under
the leadership of an inmate.

That the business of the Club shall be pub-
lished in THE [)MPIRE.

No further business, the Board stood ad-
journed

$12.00

(Signed) B 7542, Secretary.

The holiday was attended with the pleasure
that events of this kind bring to men who are
eager for the privilege and show their appre-
ciation. ;

The parade, if anything, showed the men
to a better marching advantage than ever
before. The 4th Block was the best body of
marchers in line, and it deserved the praise
given by the judges.

The Warden, with some visitors, reviewed

the parade and pronounced it fine.
The 4th Block Black Demons and the Shoe
Shop Cadets played a game of baseball in

“which a great deal of sport was secured. The

Cadets won by a score of 8 to 1.

The 5th Block played an exciting game
with the Garage Stars. The Stars wiped the
ground up with the 5th, with a score of 12 to
3.

On the band stand the concert was good,
under the leadership of Jack Evans. Standing
out among the performers was a bright young
soldier, a member of artillery. One look was
sufficient to know it was Private George
Rightly, son of Prof. C. W. Rightly, who has
entertained the members of the H. F. C. for
some time past. In corsideration of Satur-
day being the anniversary of the fall
of the Bastile, otherwise ‘‘Bastile Day,”’
Professor Rightly played the ‘‘Marseillaise’
as a compliment, while his son looked serious
and thoughtful, not knowing how soon he
will be ordered to the front.

The croquet ground fills a long-felt want,
and many eldery members take advantage of
the privilege who otherwise would have
nothing to do but think.

Promptly at 3:45 P. M. the bugle was
sounded and the men assembled quietly and
orderly to march back to their blocks.

The Club offers sincere condolence to the
Hon. James A. Walker. His father, Mr.
James Walker, a prominent coal dealer and
President of the Coal Exchange for many
years, and one of Philadelphia’s prominent
citizens, died on Friday last. With this grief
in his home Mr. Walker could devote time and
interest to the man inside and use his efforts
to have the world give him a chance. Men
such as Mr. Walker are God’s creatures.

There is much interest shown by Chaplain
Welch in a Bible class organized among the
members and presided over by him. The
talks and instruction given on each Friday
are beginning to show results and many
members are learning that the Bible is a
wonderful book and well worth the study.

B 8156, 12-1 G, who borrowed $5.00 from
the Club on June 15th, promptly returned
the same within thirty days, showing his
honesty of purpose and encouraging others
by his example.

The gratification shown in the replies from
the different members of the King’s Daugh-
ters who have been made honorary members
of the H. F. C. is an indication that the
Club is on the right road. With friends like
these to urge us to renewed efforts and their
willingness to allow themselves to become
honorary members of our Club is proof con-
clusive that that there is material for good
inside.

A letter from Superintendent David C.
Peyton, of the Indiana Reformatory, to the
Secretary of the H. F. C., says that he has
hopes that the matter may be adjusted so
that the man inside may enlist. Our Ward-
en, Mr. R. J. McKenty, is heartily in favor

of the enlistment of prisoners. He has been
in direct communication with President Wil-
son and his Cabinet and feels sure a way will
appear.

““Curly’s’” Information is open to any one
who desire any sensible information relating
to matters of importance to the” man in the
cell. Address ‘‘Curly,’’ 11th Block.

Vice-President Webber had the parade well
in hand on Saturday, while Jack Evans had
the band under perfect control.

Our old friend Dan sprung a new one on us
this week. In the make-up of Dr. Quack, flam-
ing side whiskers and high hat, he was pre-
pared to cure or kill any member who might
fall by the wayside.

There is entirely too much side-stepping
the parade. The walk will do any one a lot
of good, and every one who is able should
be in line. President R. C. McKenty order-
ed that the number of each man not in line
Saturday should be taken. These men will
be asked for their excuse, and if it is not
sufficient they will be kept in. This method
will be continued. If a man is unable to
march he will be excused, but no slackers
will be permitted in the future.

Every one was the happier on Saturday for

a sight of Mr. Edward Kraupa. When he
appeared on the grounds the clouds appeared
to raise. He always makes things brighter
with his cheery smile. Come often, Mr.
Kraupa. s
As the men passed the reviewing stand a
picture on the Saturday Evening -Post was
brought vividly to the mind. The moment
the flag appeared the Warden stood erect in
true military attitude, a young soldier in
kahki beside him, each with hand to head,

s

looking the picture of true military attitude

and respect for ‘‘Old Glory.”’
July 21,121G, 2G, 11—-10—1—9-—-8—6—
6 G—12. —B 7542.

HORACE PHILLIP , M. D.

\

While it was expected to come, the fact
that Dr. Phillips had really joined the camp
at Fort Niagara was a surprise to the many
men in this institution.

Dr. Phillips has been the alienist physician
here and his kindly interest and willingness
to help has made friends of all with whom
he came in contact. The underlying good-
fellowship that always shone from his eyes
inspired confidence.

" The position he now fills in the army—first
lieutenant in the Officers’ Reserve Corps,

‘medical department—carries great responsi-

bility, and no officer can be appointed to it
without passing Dr. Phillips. Consequently
he will be responsible for all gocd officers.
The best wishes of all are for him and his
success in his present station.

—B 7542

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. Ak
