---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_121.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, July 25, 1917

NO. 29

JAIL EVILS TO BE ABOL-
ISHED BY COUNTY FARMS

It is expected that many of the evils of
the county jails will be abolished when the
new county industrial farm workhouses and
reformatories are erected in the nine dis-
tricts prescribed by the provisions of a bill
approved by Governor Brumbaugh, says a
Harrisburg correspondent.

According to the present plan, each of the
work farms will be controlled by a board of
trustees consisting of one County Commis-
sioner, appointed by the President Judge of
the Quarter Sessions Court in each county.
There is no compensation for their work, but
the trustees will be entitled to the collection
of their expenses. This board will select a
gite for the work farm, which may be do-
nated or purchased, but if purchased will
consist of not more than 500 acres.

It is thought best to have the site selected
to consist of ground of varied topography,
with natural resources, and the inmates are
to be employed in fruit-growing, stock-rais-
ing, brick-making and the preparation of
road and paving materials. The site will
have railroad, drainage, sewage and water
facilities. '

The board of trustees will be required to

serve until the expiration of their present
terms and after that they are to be named
for four-year terms. The courts of the vari-
ous counties are empowered to send the in-
mates of the county jails and prisons to these
workhouses, and it is the duty of the super-
intendent to keep the inmates employed. Itis
also provided that habitual drunkards and
drug-users are to be sent to these institu-
tions. :
An authority is quoted as saying that first
workhouse districts will comprise the coun-
ties of Philadelphia, Delaware, Chester,
Montgomery and Bucks.

THE THOUGHT GARDEN.

A Thought is but a Seed deep in the Mind

That,if you cultivate it,you will find

Will bloom in some achievement, ill or glad,

According as the Seed is good or bad;

- A Thought of Joy will fill your day of Peace,

And give your Soul from darkness quick re-
lease;

A Thought of Meanness, or of Evil Deeds,

Will fill your inner Garden full of Weeds,

And choke the Blooms that might be blossom-
ing :

Like fragrant bowers in the early spring.

—John Kendrick Bangs.

The Lord loves a cheerful forgiver.

28,000 MEN CALLED FOR
EXAMINATION IN PHILA.

According to the latest reports there will
be 28,000 men called by draft to be examined
for the army, and from that number the lo-
cal examining boards will select 14,250 men
for service in the ranks.

It is uncertain when the final call for the
selected men will be issued, as each exemp-
tion board must receive from Washington an
official copy of the draft before final steps
are taken for actual work.

The men called in each district will depend
upon the number required from the district;
the official quotas for each of the various
districts, it is expected, will be announced by
the Governor within the next few days.

SUBSTITUTE FOR SISAL

According to Farm and Fireside Charles
Christadoro has found that New Zealand flax
yields a fiber nearly twice as tough as sisa. and
entirely adapted to binder-twine manufacture.
““This flax, of which he has sent usasample,’’
says Farm and Fireside, ‘‘has been suc-
cessfully grown as an ornamental plant in the
West. thrives on ordinary soil, and will with-
stand a temperature as low as 10 degrees
Fahrenheit. It matures from roots in two years,
and may be expected toyield about fifteen tons
of leaves per acre, equivalent to two tons of
fiber.”’

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Printers

The Cubs started off with 4 runs in Wed-
nesday’s game with the Printers, and things
favored them to the end of the contest, with
a final score of 6—0.

Mooney’s work at the mound for the Cubs
was good, as he struck out 13, passed only
1 and allowed 4 hits. Billy pitched rather
poor ball for the opposing team and was found
for 8 hits, passed 4, with only 2strike-outs.
Slick and Boile: house enlivened the game by
clever double plays.

5. I8E 18
Cubser it i 410001000—6 RiLi
Printers......... 210006000 0-—38 AT e

Double plays—Boilerhouse and Slick.
Two-base hits—Bud, Jordan and Slick.
Umpires—Sam and Barrington.

Ninth vs. Athletics
Wednesday’s game between the Ninth and
Athletics at the Garage grounds turned out

in favor of the former team, though many of
the fans were anything but pleased at the
decision of the umpire, who. appeared to be
bothered with poor eyesight for the time
being. Perhaps it was due to high temper-
ature, ete. Charlie No.1 pitched for the Ath-
letics, striking out 11, and allowing 7 hits,
with 3 passes. Mack was in the box for the
Ninth, and succeded in holding down his op-
ponents to 5 hits, 1 walk, striking out 11. Char-
lie’s clever home run in the second inning
saved his side from a whitewash.

R 18l il
NinthSssEast s 01320000067 -0
Athletics........ 010000000—-1 5 0

Double play—Mickie.
Two-base hits—Boston and Hagy.
Umpires— Windy and Pigiron.

Friday’s Games

Cubs vs. Printers

Friday’s game at the Storehouse grounds
between the Cubs and the Printers resulted
in another victory for the Cubs, owing some-
what to the poor playing and errors of the
Printers. Harvey was very much on the job
at the mound for his team, striking out 9 and
allowing only 1 hit. Softcoal pitched for
the Printers, but was not very effective. He
was found for 5 hits, walked 5 and struck out
6. The game was too one-sided to be inter-
esting.

Ree Sk ol
Cubss 7l 110420000—8 5 0
Printerstas te 000002000—2 1 2

Two-base hits—Bud and B 8433.
Umpires— Sammie and Barrington.

Ninth vs. Athletics

A large delegation of fans were somewhat
surprised to see the Ninth score another vic-
tory over the Athletics at the game played
on Friday on the Garage grounds. Things
seemed to favor the winning team from the
start, while the Athletics appeared to be un-
able to play ball in the slightest degree. Hagy
did mound duty for the Ninth, striking out 12
and allowing only 1 hit. Boyd pitched for
the Athletics and was found for 7 hits, walk-
ed 2 and struck out 6. .

s U
NG S 2507020202071 52 0=—=5 =m0
Athletics........ 0000000000 il

Home run— Hagy.
‘Two-base hits—Mack and D.C.
Umpires—Henry and Pigiron.

Monday’s Games
Ninth 4—Ath1etics 3
Cubs 7—Printers 4
