---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_122.jpg
---
2
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned. :

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. -

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, July 25, 1917

““The best way in the world to seem to be
anything s really to be what we would seem.’’

MUST PAY THE PRICE

Some people find it hard to understand that
there is hardly anything worth having in this
world that is given away; that luck is a mere
chimera, and, like the end of the rainbow,
hard to find. No one rides free on the road
to happiness, and he who tries to do so al-
ways finds it has just eluded his grasp, and
he is left to profit or sulk over his delusion.
. Perhaps it would be too much to say that
all human sorrow and misery could be traced
to the habit of trying to get something for
nothing, as our troubles and sorrows have as
many phases as humanity itself. But if we
consider this statement in the negative it
may not be so far from the truth, for no one
is ever so utterly miserable who is willing to
pay the price of happiness.

The price that all sterling gifts demands,
most people would seemirgly prefer to get
by some makeshift or pretense, rather than
to make an honest effort to secure. Just why
that should be the case is not easy of solu-
tion; but the fact remains that we can not
get out of the world more than we are will-
ing to put in it. We can no more change the
natural law that governs all things than we
can fool the Almighty.

The world’s choicest gifts are not hard to find
if we look aboutin the right way, but you must
seek dilligently, and, having found, pay the
price—in other words, we will be rewarded
in proportion to our efforts. In that way
man will come to the understanding that he
is compensated in proportion to his worth.
Having paid the price for the object of his
choice, the reward is as sure to follow as the
dawn of day.

LOYALTY

Of all the human - traits which contribute
most to the unity, strength, integrity, and
growth, of any organization, Loyalty perhaps
is entitled to be considered first. Loyalty is de-
votion to those leaders who originally saw the
vision,and have wrought out,in struggle, sweat
and work the primitive structure, and still

THE UMPIRE

carry the banners, and lead the march onward
up the steeps of accomplishment. Loyalty, first,
presupposes devotion to one’s God. Secondly
to those men, and their ideals, whose works
clearly reflect the inspiration of the great
Universal Creator. Further, the spirit of
Loyalty is very closely allied to that other
spirit, Service, which must be the impulse
animating the great mass of humanity in its
struggle onward and upward.

Loyalty works both ways—and is equally
admirable whether given by the inferior to
the superior, or vice versa. No man is so
great, or so small a part of any industrial
structure, that he can afford to ignore this
mandate.

Loyalty brings out, and presses deep in,
the fact of individual importance in the work
of the world. He who carries the bricks is
as vital a necessity in the erection of the
building as is he who builds the walls.

The Spirit of Loyalty is as essential in the
employer as it is in the employe. It gives
the interweaving of mutual justice and that
mutual desire and constant watchfulness for
each other’s personal welfare which results
in mutual happiness and prosperity.

Loyalty gives Royalty to Service.

Loyalty ‘‘helps the Other Fellow.”’

—Advance Thoughts.

FAILURES WHO COME BACK

The pages of history are replete with fail-
ures who ‘‘came back’’ and among them was
Francois Eugene, fifth son of the Prince of
Savoy. His father was French. His mother
was an Italian maid of honor at the French
Court. ;

The boy began life badly enough by being
the youngest of a none-too-rich father’s large
family. To make things worse, he was
cursed with physical infirmities and defects
that made him the pity and the scorn of
luckier youths.

Then, when he reached his early manhood,
came a crushing blow, says a writer in
Energy.

Eugene was military mad. ~The one aim
and longing of his life was to be a soldier.
He dreamed of military glory. His family
wanted to make a priest of him. But he won
their consent to let him go into the army.
No sooner was the consent gained than a far
worse obstacle came between Eugene and
his goal.

Louis XIV was King of France.  Louis
hated Eugene’s mother. By . way of petty
revenge against her he refused to allow her
son to enter the French army. The King’s
Prime Minister, too, hated Eugene, and he
brought the young man into public disgrace.
At the same time Louis injured the fortunes
of Eugene’s family and dismissed the young
man’s mother from her post of honor at
court.

Eugene’s career was thus ruined at the
very outset. He was barred from the army
and from court. Noblemen turned their

_—_—__“—_—_—h_“_

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

~—

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopel services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

backs on him when he met them. Through
no fault of his own he was a failure. Not
only that, but his beloved mother had been
brought to humiliation on his account. France
was too hot for him. He went into exile.
Few young men have had more obstinate
setbacks at so early an age. The fawning
courtiers who curried favor with their King
by sneering at Eugene regarded him as one
of the most laughable failures of the day.
Instead of letting failure depress him into
apathy, Eugene became the more determined
to succeed—yes, and to win revenge against
the King who had refused him a career and
who had insulted his dear mother.
' He left France. His distant cousin was
Emperor of Austria. To him the young exile
now went, asking for a commission in the
Austrian army. The Emperor accepted Eu-
gene’s services and gave him a cavalry cap-
taincy. It was the wisest move any Austrian
Emperor ever made—a move that was to
change history and the map of Europe.
Through reckless bravery and sheer military
genius Hugene rose fast in the Austrian ser-
vice. Louis heard of his rise and sought
once more to disgrace him. He sent Eugene
a short message, bidding him return at once
to France under penalty of lifelong banish-
ment. Kugene wrote this curt reply:
‘I shall return some day to France. But
it will be at the head of an invading army!”’
Within a very few years Prince Eugene
was a major-general in Austria and high in
the favor of the Austrian Emperor. He

-used his new influence to spur Austria on to

an alliance against France. Louis, in alarm,
offered Eugene the baton of a Marshal of
France as a bribe to leave Austria’s army
for his own. KEugene sent back an insulting
refusal and doubled his efforts to stir up

strife between France and Austria. The
Failure had already begun to make good.
Austria and Turkey were at war. The

Turks’ invasions threatened to engulf all the
Continent. Kugene, at the head of the Aus-
trian forces, met a far stronger Turkish
army at Zentha in 1697, annihilating it and
forcing the Sultan to sign a peace treaty.
Later he besicged Belgrade, which was de-
fended by a Turkish force six times as strong
as his own, and, by sterm, forced the city to
surrender. He was marching on Constanti-

(Continued on newt page.)
