---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_123.jpg
---
(Continued from 2wmd page.)
nople itself when the Sultan aéain sued for
peace.

At last Eugene succeeded in wielding Eng-
land and Austria and Holland into an alliance
against Louis. He swooped down upon the
French armies that held Italy and demolished
them, one after another. Thence he went to
Bavaria, where, in 1704, he and the Duke of
Marlborough, beat the French at the Battle
of Blenheim. :

Afterward, at the head of an invading ar-
my—as he had long ago been promoted—he
marched into France.

Thirteen dangerous wounds, an avalanche
of wealth and honors, the conquest of al-
most half of Europe—these were some of
the results of the ‘‘Failure’s’’ half century
of military glory. Greatest of all his re-
wards (to his own way of thinking) were the
humbling of Louis’and the avenging of the
monarch’s ill treatment of him and of his
mother. Incidentally, for the first and last
time in history, Austria was raised by Eugene
to the rank of foremost military power of
the world.

THE ONE-MAN JOB

A prominent business man has said that
‘“Never was there more machinery, social
and political, for doing allkinds of work than
at the present time.’’ Yet never were the
efforts of the individual more needed for the
accomplishment of great results. The very
existence of progressive methods and organ-
1zations constitutes a danger, though it is not
a reason for abandoning modern machinery.
For with the danger is developing, here  and
there, an increased sense of responsibility.

An ocecasion like the floating of the Liberty
Loan brings home to the small investor the
duty and privilege of participation in the
great financial activities of the nation and of
the world. This is true of other enterprises
in which our citizens join their savings and
the labor of their hands.

The New York State Department of Health
gives a case in point in its monthly bulletin,
Health News. The campaign against tuber-
culosis in Saranac Lake, N. Y., is described
by Dr. Charles C. Trembley, the local health
officer. He tells of the good influence of the
work of one obscure farmer, who had neither
money nor elaborate equipment, yet he pro-
duced milk with a lower bacterial count than
any of the large dairies could show. The
story goes on:

The effect was immediate and gratifying.
Witnessing the influx of new business to this

dairyman, harried by questions from their
customers as to why they were not producing
a better grade of milk, the remaining dairy-
men besieged the health official with applica-
tions for definite instructions as to methods
for improving their standing. At present, of
the twenty-three dairies furnishing milk to
the village, twenty consistently produce a
milk with a bacterial count under 50,000. The

THE UMPIRE

3

- local requirements are stringent, inasmuch we must spur our dull and lagging memory

as they require a bacterial count of not over.of Beauty; to keep our appreciation of Hu-

25,000 for grade A, and not over 50,000 for
grade B. Nevertheless, eight of the dairies,
more than one-third, are in grade A.

Theman who does his own work well not only
swells the sum total of high-grade product by
that much but he exercises a stimulating in-
Sfuence on all those about him.

THE NIGHT-HAWK

Guard against the night-hawk, youth;
Guard against her sprightly talk;
Fear her witching, luring glances;
"Ware her eye that brightly dances,
As a snake to hold and charm;
View such eye with dread alarm;
Fear her smiling, winning face;
Fear her svelte, suggestive grace;
Fear the neck that she exposes
And the curves she thus discloses;
Fear the accidental touch

And the thrill that follows such;
Fear the physical delight _
Comes with every luring sight;
Fear the dance with such as she
That will your undoing be;

Fear this hawk inviting you,

Like the hawk she waits the cue.

Many women hawks are waiting,
Hooks of flesh are ever baiting,
Women free from all restraining;
Women with no fear remaining;
Divorcees that know the game,
Finding life is all too tame;
Widows, eager to be living,

To the froth of life ingiving;
Lonely women everywhere;
Women with no earthly care.
These are night-hawks flying loose;
Full of crafty, luring ruse;
Watching for their easy prey;
Noosing all who come their way.

They will lure you, simple youth;

They will pluck you without ruth;

They will sink their talons deep

While you sleep your guileless sleep;

They will bleed you till you’re white;

This they do with gay delight,

Bleed your purse and bleed your health;

Bleed away your soul by stealth;

Bleed your character away,

Till you shamed and naked stay.

Shun them, then, these vicious hawks,

Prowling in their nightly walks;

Shunning day and honest light,

Fear, oh, fear these hawks of night.
—F. W. B. in Random Verse.

HOW TO MEET MIDDLE AGE

In a recent number of a well-known publi-
cation a writer gives some interesting and
useful advice on how to meet middle age in
such a manner as to insure future happiness.
Among other things she says:

““To hold on to our appreciation of nature,

man Nature, we must refuse to be laid on
the shelf: we must keep up with the proces-
sion of human thought. Only so we can see
the sweat, the tears and smiles of our fellow-
creatures.

““These are the two tasks of Middle Age.
If we perform them worthily, our souls will
never grow old. And plainly, it is ‘up to us,’
as these slangy youngsters of ours express
it—it is up to us to keep young; to make sure
that our inner vision is open to beauty; and
to the joy and sorrow, the squalor and glory
of our fellows. If we do this, the compen
sation is immediate. So what difference does
it make if the body is rheumatic and near-
sighted—and a little deaf when it comes to
the song sparrow: what do such things mat-
ter if the eyes of the soul still see that cra-
ter mirroring the sky, if the ears of the spir-
it hear the bird’s note in dawn and dew? Nor
does it matter that the body declines a game
of tennis, and shudders at a plunge into the
surf when the thermometer registers only 55
degrees—if the body’s tenant is able to say
to the young people, ‘Go ahead! Have a good
time! But take my word for it

““The best is yet to bel’”’

THE “NEW” ANTISEPTIC
Various notices have appeared in the daily

and weekly papers from time to time in re-
gard to what is stated to be a new and won-

- derful antiseptic, said to be used very suc-

cessfully in France in the treatment of sur-
gical cases. Credit for its discovery is given
both to Drs. Alexis Carrel and D. Dakin.
This new antiseptic system consists in the
application of hypochlorites. As a matter of
actual fact the credit for the use of these
substances as antiseptics belongs to an Amer-
ican. Their value in medical and surgical use
was discovered by Albert E. Woolf, of New
York, twenty-five years ago, and the Woolf
system was adopted by the City of New York
for the purification of water. Many other scien-
tific publications at that time contained com-
ments and accounts of applications of this dis-
covery.

All of the valuable results now claimed for
the hypochlorites for medicinal and surgical
use were developed by Dr. J. Solis Cohen in
the Home for Consumptives in Philadelphia,
many years ago; and they were also used by
Dr. Philip Keyser in the Wills Eye Hospital,
Philadelphia, and in New York hospitals,
where they have long been well known.
Many special and exhaustive tests were made
in the Hahnemann Hospital in New York in
abdominal operations, with remarkable suc-
cess.

In some of the articles now appearing it is
claimed that hypochlorite of calcium is the -
most powerful antiseptic known, but that its

~use is limited, owing to its destructive action

on human tissue, due to its acidity. This
statement is erroneous, as the hypochlorite
of calcium is strongly  alkaline, and its de-
structive action, if any, would be due to its
strong alkalinity and oxidizing action if used
in too concentrated form. The statement is
also incorect for the reason that it is well
known that oxygen, or ozone, is the most
powerful antiseptic.
