---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_124.jpg
---
4

E: S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W. 15 JPct. AW et
Cubs SoRER2EST 33 Printers A ST 314l
Ninth 300 15 667 Athletics 13 32 289
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Wl Bet. W. L. Pect
New York b2 TEE658 Chicago 43 46 483
Cincinatti 51 43" 543 Brooklyn 38 43 469
St. Louis A A0NE 541! Boston 36~ 458439
Philies 42 36" 538 Pittsburg 2R8 56 2
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
W..- L Pct. Wes TS Pet
Chicago 58 32 644 New York 44 42 512
Boston 52135 =598 Washingt'n 35 52 402
Cleveland 49 42 538 St. Louis 3655 =396
Detroit 46 43 517 Athletics 3285 517 %386

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the weekly meeting of the Board of
-Governors, delegates concurring, the follow-
ing business was transacted:

A cknowledged receipt of $5.00 from B 8153.

Acknowledged receipt of $5.00 from B 5048.

The motion to make a member leader of the
band on Saturday half-holidayswas reconsider-

ed and ordered stricken from minutes of last =

meeting.

A very nice letter from Mrs. Bartlett,
President of the King’s Daughters, accept-
ing honorary membership in the Club was
read and it received unanimous applause.
Communication from B 6563, 5 G, thanking
the Club for the proffered loan of $20.00 with
which to pay a doctor’s bill at home was ap-
proved. He has succeeded in raising the
funds through his own efforts.

The Board of Governors met as a finance
committee and voted $25.00 to the Red Cross
fund for purchasing toilet paper and soap for
soldiers at the Front.

At the regular weekly holiday the band
played in its usual splendid manner. Pro-
fessor Wiegandt, having returned from his
‘vacation, was again in charge.

The many flags lent a pleasing color to the
scene. B 5757 is awaiting a beautiful green
Irish flag.

The bunch was a little disappointed at the
apparent fate of the one-third law, but with
true prison philosophy smiled and said,
‘“‘there’s hope yet.”’

There is a beautiful almost new drum for
sale on the 11th Block, with silver mounted
sticks. ““Curly’’ says he don’t think he’ll
play drum any more. He must devote his
spare time to business and give up some. of
his pleasure.

Did any one see a sweeter sight than Jim-
mie Double-O in his new uniform cap strut-
ting around the yard on ‘‘Happy’s’”’ arm?
Some boy, Jimmie; and ‘‘Happy’’ makes a
careful nurse too.

Jake, the baseball manager, had a couple
of visitors viewing things, and with a care-
ful eye on the baseball game, and he pointed

THE UMPIRE

out the different advantages the members
enjoyed. '

Our friend Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the
Monarch Film, came with Mr. B. Amsterdam,
of the Masterpiece Film Co., and they were
under the wing of Vice-President A 8432,
who conducted them around the yard.

The orchestra played good music on the
band stand and the 12th Block walk was
lined with domino, chess and checker players,
and the croquet ground was well patronized
by the elder members.

President R. C. McKenty dilligently tried
to knock his fingernail off on the peg and

- button game.

A bright gathering of sweet young faces
was observed at the entrance of the 12th
Block. Miss Elsie McKenty was the matron
of the party, which consisted of another
young lady and three bright, clean look-
ing young marines in uniform.

Each one gave strict attention to the game
of baseball, and when ‘‘Fritz,’’ he of the
Garage, called fiercely to a player at second,
‘““You’re out!”’ the young lady was heard to
say, ‘““Why does he look so fierce and speak
so rough? He knows he’s not out; he’s in.”’
And he is, too, for a big bit.

There was a good game of baseball between
the 8th Block and the Buglers, and it result-
ed in a score of 8 to 5.

The second game was between the New
Stars and the Goldie Stars, and the score
was 6 to 2 when, in the middle of the 6th
inning, the bugle sounded and the game was
called.

The seriousness of the draft was brought
home on Saturday when it was learned that
our president, R. C. McKenty, was drafted
and might possibly be called to the colors.
We glory in the idea of our president being
a man of the old school and no slacker, and
yet we dislike the thought of losing him
from our midst. There’s not a man who will
not miss Rube.

Professor Wiegandt had the Secretary of
the Honor Club compose and write a letter
to President Wilson and Secretary of the
Naivy Daniels urging-that the E. S. P. band
be enlisted as a body, with Professor Wie-
gandt as leader, for duty on the battleship
Kansas. This letter was sent in the name
of Professor Wiegandt, but the answer re-
turned was, ‘‘not at this time.”’

There is no question as to the 1st Block
being the best marchers in the line on Satur-
day; although they did not have sufficient
time to get their regular swing, as the line
only went once around the yard. Pete had
sore feet and the weather was a little too
warm. They are a well drilled body of men,
and they take pride in their marching.

Next week,2nd Section—5-5 G., 7 B., 7 G.,
1GL 4B 3B

' — B 75}2.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ek

: 5
“—-———-—-_—‘_—'—_———_————————-————_—_—______________ _W

H. F. C. CROQUET GROUND

The Honor and Friendship Club’s croquet
ground is a reserved resort for the aged
members who are too old to take an active
part in baseball or more strenuous games of
skill. Therefore, it was decided to provide
a suitable game as a recreation and a pas-
time for these old men.

Immediately croquet was decided upon,
and a set was straightway purchased, and
now our aged members can indulge in a good
game of croquet. There are eighty-five men
on the lists, representing nearly every block
and gallery in this institution, and each
block and gallery averages about four trips
every week to the grounds. The many happy
and contented faces indicate their sincere
appreciation of this privilege.

The initial opening of these grounds, June
29th, was a day of enjoyment to all who par-
ticipated in the day’s program, for besides
eroquet the men can indulge in quiet litile
games, such as dominoes, checkers, croka-
nole, tossing deck rings, etc., and in all the
day was most enjoyably passed.

All who enjoy these privileges are united
in their sincere thanks t6 Warden Robert J.
McKenty, for it shows the kind and humane
method in which he deals with the men un-
der his charge.

If there are any elderly men who were
overlooked, or not placed upon the lists, they
should hand their numbers to the delegate on
their block or gallery, and the Vice-President
will call to see them.

A 8432, Vice-President.

LETTERS OF APPRECIATION

BAy HEAD, N. J., July 3rd, 1917.
Honor and Friendship Club. :

Gentlemen:—Mrs. Bartlett very kindly for-
warded me your letter advising me of my
election as a member of your Honor and
Friendship Club, with the title of ‘‘Little
Mother.”” The name of Mother is the dear-
est name in all the world, and I can not find
words adequate to express my feelings when
I read your letter, for you could not have
chosen any name that would have made me
happier, and I wish to thank you all for the
honor, and Mr. Carter for his thoughtfulness
in proposing my name. I shall be very glad
to accept and wear your button. The same,

however, was not enclosed in your letter.

Sincerely,
LITTLE MOTHER.

SUNDAY, July 8th, 1917.

Mr. Frank Marvel.
~Dear Sir.—Your communication informing
me that I have, by unanimous vote, been
made an honorary member of the H. F. C.
has just been received. I feel honored in-
deed, and I will gladly wear the button.

Please convey to the proper authorities the
pleasure 1 feel at being so honored, and ac-
cept my grateful thanks. ;

Very respectfully yours,

(Mrs. E. R.) VIRGINIA G. STONE.
