---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_125.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1 Philadelphia, August 1, 1917 NO. 30
FINE PR()G'BAM every phase of prison regulation and man- R SHaWES
, agement. It is directed, from the facts ob- Cubs............ 03200000 0—5 4 5

OF SONG BY E. 5. P. tained, to recommend to the next Legisla- Ninth..... ..... 02020000 0—4 4 0

CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA

An atmosphere of musical charm prevailed
on the Center at this institution on Sunday
afternoon last, which -was due to.the excel-
lent song service and orchestral, program of
the inmate choir and orchestra under the di-
rection of Prof. A.-F. Wiegandt, whose ar-
rangement of the selections rendered proved
most pleasing to the assembled guests and
inmates, and they were responsive to the ap-
peal of the music, by numerous encores.
Several instrumental solos added to the com-
pleteness of the musical miscellany, reflecting
credit on the performers. 2

At the conclusion of the service, Chaplain
Joseph Welch addressed the :assembly with a

few well chosen remarks, which called out a

vociferous applause from all present.
The program follows:.
X PROGRAM

1. Prayer from Liampe * Herold

9. Hymn No. 55'(R. B.) 'D. B Towner
a—Soldiers of Christ Arise
b—Here Am I, (R. B. 60)

3. Hymn No. 86 (R. B.) - Van De Venter
a—Looking This Way :
b—Lead Kindly Light, (R E. 195)

4. O Hills, O Vales -~ Mendelsohn

5. Hymn No: 80 (B. S.) Chas. H. Marsh
a—Is it the Crowning Day?
b—Joy to the World, (B. S. 254)

6. Hymn No. 127 (B. S.) B. D. Ackley

" a—He is the King of Love
b—My Mother, (B.S. 125)

7. . March Majestie st

A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor

PRISON COMMISSION TO
DRAFT REFORM BILL

; "Allen

A Harrisburg correspondent announces that

the newly created Prison Commission will

soon begin an investigation of. prison laws,
systems .and methods in this and other states,
with the object of bringing the treatment of

prison and jail inmates in Pennsylvania up to-

the highest existing standard, as the result
of the signing by Governor Brumbaugh of

the Sproul bill, which provides for such an

inquiry. The new law, carrying an appro-

priation of $5000, was held by the Governor

until the last day for signing bills.

The measure provides that the Governor is
quthorized to appoint a commission of five
members, one of whom must be an active
official of a prison in Pennsylvania, and this
commission has full powers to inquire into

ture such a revision of existing prison laws
or customs as it shall deem wise.

From present indications it is considered
likely that they will prepare a prison code
for Pennsylvania, recommend the abolition
of many existing evils as well as point the
way for great improvements over present
conditions. 525

A number of advocates in the prison-re-
form movement in Pennsylvania were behind
the Sproul act. ‘Among its most ardent ad-
vocates were Senator .Sproul, Dr. William
Draper Lewis, president of the Prison Re-
form League; Representative Fletcher W.
Stites, of Montgomery County, who fought
for all prison-reform measures in the Legis-
lature; Colonel C. A. Rook, editor of the
Pittsburgh Dispatch and chairman of the
State Prison Labor Commission. Several of
these have already been suggested for mem-
bership on the new commission, with Doctor
Lewis or Representative Stites most likely
to be chosen as chairman, a position either

.is eminently qualified to fill.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games
Athletics vs. Printers

The Athletics won another victory over the

" Printers at their game played” at ‘the Store-
house grounds on Wednesday, with a final"

score of 2—1. Other than the clever fielding

"of Richmond, the game was rather tame.
_Charlie No.1 was in the box for the Athletics:”
He struck out 7, walked 2 and was found for

6 hits. Tony held down the. mound fo.ii the
Printers, striking out 8, passed 2 and allowed
3 hits. i

E L E
Athleties........ 0100001002 S ()
Printers......... 100006000 0-—-1 61 =)

Umpires—Fred and Barrington.

Cubs vs. Ninth

Wednesday’s game at the Garage grounds
between the Cubs and Ninth opened with a
geries of errors by the Cubs and it looked like
defeat from the start, but by a magical ef-
fort they managed to pull out a victory to the
surprise of the onlookers. Harvey pitched
for the Cubs, striking out 7, allowed 4 hits
and walked one. Hagy was on the mound for
the Ninth for two innings, striking out 2, pass-
ed 2 and allowing 2 hits. He was replaced
by Jacoby, who finished the game, striking
out 4 and allowing 2 hits. -

Two-base hits—Bobbie, Lucky and Wiliiams-
port.
- Umpires—Jimmie and Sam.

Friday’s Games
by it

The Cubs outplayeé-the Ninth at every
point at the Garage grounds game on Friday,
not even allowing - them a ~chance to score.
Chick’s double play and Slick’s three-base hit
brought joy to the hearts of the assembled
fans and they responded with hearty applause.
Harvey was at the mound for the Cubs, strik-
ing out 7, allowing 6 walksand 1 hit. Jacoby
did not have his old-time curve under control
and was found for 9 hits, passed 1 and struck
out 8. S

Double play—Chick. ;
Three-base hit— Slick. e
Two-base hits-Mooney, Lucky and Williams-- ...
poLEs

Umpires—Billy McKenty, Sam and Fred.

Athletics vs. Printers ;

Friday’s game at the Storehouse grounds

between the Athletics and Printers resulted
in a tie. Neither team appeared to be in an
aggressive mood, but the game was enlivened
by Evan’s home run and Spookie’s three-base
hit.  Boyd pitched for the Athletics, striking
out 4, walking 2, and allowed 6 hits Billy
pitched three innings for the Printers, and
was found for 6 hits, passing 2. Tony re-
placed him in‘the fourth roupd, striking out’
6, with 1 walk and only 1 hit allowed. ~ '

et
o

Athletics.......0 4 0 0
Printers......... 1200
Home run—Evans. ;
Three-base hit—Spookie. - ;
Two-base hits— Sheehan, Charlie No.1 and

- Softcoal.

Umpires—Jimmie and Denver.
Monday’s Games

Cubs vs. Ninth -

R.

Cubs e 00000100 2-3 7 0
Nintheess 0100000012 5 1

Athleties vs. Printers

- RS
Athletiecs........ 150100000—-7 2 O
Printers......... 000100000—-1 1 1
