---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_126.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

WM

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, August 1, 1917.

“If you would not have affliction visit you
twice, listen at once to what it teaches.’’

AND NOW THE COUNTY FARMS

Undoubtedly much good will result from
the operation of the new prison farm bill
which was signed by the Governor last week,
as it will enable counties to co-operate in

maintaining prison farms and workhouses.

It will also enable the prison inmates to help
themselves to a certain degree, and it is to be
hoped that it may pave the way to more ad-
vanced penal legislation in the future.

It is intended to apportion the state into

nine districts, combining certain counties
geographically related, and to authorize the
establishment of an institution in each dis-
trict, with a farm, workhouse and reforma-
tory to-which all persons sentenced for any
crime except murder and voluntary man-
slaughter may be sent, instead of being in-
carcerated in county jails.
" The measure is not mandatery. The coun-
ties may carry out its provisions, and there
is every reason to believe that the progress-
ive county officials of the state will give ita
try-out. As we construe the bill, it will im-
pose a charge upon the counties at the out-
set for the purchase of farms and the con-
struction of suitable buildings, but it will re-
sult in a saving in no long time. This is made
the more certain by the fact that the joint
institutions would be managed by a board of
trustees composed of one county commission-
er from each county in the district.

This measure would seem to provide a per-
fectly practical scheme to offer useful em-
ployment for the petty offenders who now
encumber county jails, and a way to make
them compensate society in some degree for
their upkeep, and at the same time it should
operate to bring out the better qualities of
the prisoner rather than to develop the
worst, as at present. E

Let us anticipate its best possible success.

AS YOU SEE IT
If we assume any mental attitude which
depicts the worst of a situation, we are
bound to make a failure of it, whatever it
may be.

Concentrating your mind on the hurt of a
headache or the pain of a cut, fairly makes
either one throb to order. Agitating your-
self on how you are going to meet the pay-
ments on your talking machine takes all the
music out of every record it plays.

If you are told that you must have your
appendix removed next Saturday, why fill
the four days between now and Saturday
with dismal forebodings of how you are go-
ing to feel when you wake up from the ether
sleep? You will have the operation per-
formed anyway, and you might as well come
to it with as much reserve strength and
buoyancy of vision as possible. :

A glad heart goes the whole day long and
a sad one tires in a mile, as has been told us
with poetic fervor. But that does not make
us work hard enough for a cheerful view-
point, for the same determination to see the
best of life which really makes the best of
life a tangible to all of us.

So let us assume the brightest attitude
possible, that it may reflect its glow to all
about us, and in that way help the weak in
spirit.

WHAT RULES YOU?

Suppose you have work to do; you like
some of it; but there is a sameness—some
tiresome routine, or possibly you are forced
to come in contact with some one who is an-
tagonistic to you. What then? Would you
fret and fume and make things disagreeable
all around? Better not. For if you look
around you will find but few who have work
that it pleasing from every point of view.
Every mechanic has his tools to look after,
and he must keep them in shape to do effi-
cient work. This may be a little tiresome at
times, but he is assumed to be particularly
fortunate in the fact that his work is play to
him—or at least that he loves it.

The question that comes to mind is: Do you
allow yourself to be ruled by your likes or by
your dislikes? Do you put emphasis on the
part of your job that is distasteful to you,
or do you sensibly decide that the part of
your work you enjoy is what shall influence
your attitude and your spirits?

The proper answer to that question denotes
true character, success and happiness. But
if you allow yourself to be ruled by hate, you
put a brake on business effort. You ecan
easily ruin your health by such an attitude.
And you will find that it requires mental dis-
cipline to make the best of anything. Re-
member that when you cultivate the habit of
optimism you have every chance of being a
success.

CHEERFULNESS

All spunk does not denote cheerfulness;
though cheerfulness usually carries with it
an element of spunk. In this case we are
pleased to present Cheerfulness from Spunk.

There is no quality so beneficial in our re-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

lations with our fellow-man, and in our daily
activities, as CHEERFULNESS. It is not
as difficult to acquire as some of us imagine.
Indeed there is no possession so valuable
which can be secured at so little cost. We
can all be CHEERFUL and good natured if
we try. It is only necessary to train our
thoughts and actions. Fighting, as we are
for the greatest treasure that man can pos-
sess, “HEALTH,” and on the battle ground
the State has given us, means to give little
thought to the hardships, difficulties and
trials we encounter daily, to look on the
bright side of our surroundings, to dwell both
in memory and speech on pleasant and en-
couraging happenings, and on the amiable
characteristics of every acquaintance. Diffi-
culty and trials are bound to arise every day
of our lives. Among our cottage mates who
have not had the same opportunities that
many of us had, do not create despondency
in the mind of the cheerful person, but ra-
ther strive to increase his hope in the future
ard the mind will thus acquire that happy
disposition to improve opportunities, which
rarely fails of success. The CHEERFUL
spirit is always a healthy and happy one, im-
parting and stimulating CHEERFULNESS
to and in others, in life the CHEERFUL per-
son is as a ray of sunshine. How pleasant
it is to meet such a one in the daily walks of
life. They are good to look upon, they make
us forget life’s burdens and we go on our
way ‘‘BETTER’’ for having met them. They
inspire us with confidence and are truly bene-
factors of the human race.

BRITISH REGIMENTAL MOTTOES

The Irish Division in adopting the motto
““Ever and Always Faithful’’ have chosen one

not already claimed by any British regiment

or division. The nearest is the‘‘Ever Faithful’’
of the Devonshire Regiment. As a rule little
originality seems to have been shown in se-
lecting regimental mottoes. :

At least a dozen have ‘‘Quis separabit?’’
while even more are proud of ‘“Nemo me im-
pune lacessit.’’ Three regiments adopted ‘“Mon-
tis insignia Calpe,’’ for no other reason than that
it forms part of the arms of Gibraltar.

The Royal Irish Fusiliers: with ‘‘Faugh-a
ballagh’” (*‘Clear the way"’) are the only regi-

- ment with an Irish motto; the Seaforth High-

landers stick to the Scotch “‘Cuidich’n Rhi’’
(“Help to the King'’), while the Welsh Guards
swear by ““Cymruam Byth’’ (Wales for ever”).
