---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_127.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

w

OUR NATIONAL PARKS

The national parks are areas which Con-
gress has set apart because of their extraor-
dinary scenic beauty, remarkable phenomena
or other unusual qualification, for the use and
enjoyment of all the people for all time.
There are fourteen in the United States, of
which eight are of the first order of size and
scenic magnificence—which means a great
deal in a land as beautiful as ours, declares
a writer in Leslie’s.

These eight are: Mt. Rainier National
Park, in Washington; Crater Lake National
Park, in Montana; Yellowstone National
Park, principally in Wyoming; Yosemite Na-
tional Park, in California; Sequoia National
Park, in California; Glazier National Park,
in Montana, and Rocky Mountain and Mesa
Verde National Parks, in Colorado. :

With these must be classed the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado, in Arizona, which,
though still remaining a national monument,
is one of the great wonders of the world.
Every person living in the United States
ought to know more about these parks and
ought to visit them. Considered together,
they contain more features of conspicuous
grandeur than are readily accessible in all the
rest of the world, while considered individu-
ally they equal, if they do not excell, the
the most celebrated scenic places abroad.

There are, for instance, some geysers in
Yellowstone Park larger than can be found
anywhere else on the globe, the nearest ap-
proach being the geysers of Iceland and far-
off New Zealand. There is no other valley
so strikingly beautiful as Yosemite, and no-
where else can be found a canyon of such
size and marvelous coloring as the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado. In the Sequoia Na-
tional Park grow trees so huge and old that
none elsewhere compares with them.

One of the striking features of the eight
greater national parks of our country is that
each one of them is quite different from all
the others; each has marked peculiarities of
its own.

UNJUST CONVICTIONS

Samuel Untermyer says ‘‘Unjust convic-
tions among the poor and helpless and espec-
ially among our ignorant population are more
frequent than we care to admit. . The
most prolific abuses occur in what are known
as assigned cases in which the defendants or
their families are too poor to furnish bail or
employ counsel. . They come to the bar
of justice crushed in spirit, and, if innocent,
in mortal terror of the law and resigned to
any fate. Their assigned counsel (whose
well-to-do, retained clients are his chief con-
cern) easily convinces himself that he has
done his duty to his pauper client if the pros-
acutor will accept a plea of guilty to a lesser
form of erime or be content to recommend a
moderate sent2nce. And so before the poor
fellow knows what has happened to him and

in less time than it takes to tell the story, he
takes the advice hurriedly given him as he
stands quivering at the bar and soon finds
himself on the way to prison.”’

That such a system results in innocent men
being branded and punished as criminals ad-
mits of no doubt.—The Public Defender.

THE FELON SOLDIER

A number of influential publications have
advocated the enlistment of prisoners for ser-
vice in the army, and we are pleased te quote
the following paragraphs from the Square
Deal.

Among the causes for exemption from
draft has been mentioned conviction for crime
constituting a felony. Men who have served
terms in penitentiaries are not wanted in the
army, because soldiering is honorable and
men called into national service are not
to be made the associates of felons. There
can be no other reason than that for refus-
ing to take intothe army otherwise eligible
men, who could render good service and in a
majority of cases make as good soldiers as
any other. There are two reasons why these
men should be taken. The first is that they
should not be exempt from performing the
same duty for the country as other citizens.
The second is that it would do them good.

The man who comes out of a prison has a
hard time of it. He is always under the ban.
The police view him suspiciously and arrest
him on suspicion for everything that happens.
He can not secure employment easily when
his felony is known, and when he gets it
without being known he is in constant danger
of exposure and discharge. With such treat-
ment it is little wonder the discharged felon
soon gets back inte jail. There is a broad
highway leading there and but crooked and
obstructed trails leading anywhere else.

Military discipline is one of the best charac-
ter builders there is. It would be fine for
these men who have suffered a prison term
because of a defective character or poor de-
velopment of it. We could do nothing better
with the young man discharged from prison
and facing the coldness of the world than to
make a soldier of him and at the same time
probably make a man of him.

The only objection is the odium of his felony
and the natural desire of other young men not
to be compelled to associate with him. If this
is so strong that they must be excluded from
comradeship with other soldiers, all such
might be combined into a regiment by them-
selves. It has been done in other countries
and good regiments have been the result. The
United States should hold these men to mili-
tary duty, both to secure their services and
to make men of them. It would be a fine
piece of social service, anapproach to a glim-
mer of common sense in the handling of our
young men who have taken a wrong step and
who are almost sure to become confirmed
criminals if left to themselves.

There are 56,000 seeds in a bushel of wheat.

A MEXICAN SOLOMON

On one occasion an officer stole a sack of
silver pesos. He fled into the state of Guerrero.
Zapata sent for a young officer of his staff and
said:

‘““You will follow this traitor night and day,
and never rest until you find him. You must
not kill him, but bring him back to me alive.
I will hang him in the plaza before all
the people as one who has been false to his
trust.”’

Without remark the young officer left the
headquartersand started the pursuit. For weeks
he trailed the fugitive back and forth through
hostile country. At last he captured him and
brought him,bound hand and foot, into a room
where Zapata was holding a conference. ‘‘Mi
general,”’ he said huskily, “you told me to cap-
ture him without injury and bring him before
you. I have done so. Now I -want to ask one
favor. Let medie in his place and set him free.”’

‘““What fool is this ?"' cried Zapata in amaze-
ment. ‘‘Why do you, an honorable soldier,
want to die to set free this traitor?’’

‘‘He is my youngest brother,’’ replied the of-
ficer. ‘‘ I obeyed your order because you are
my chief, but if my brother dies because of me,
I would not want to live.”’

For a moment Zapata gazed from the cring-
ing prisoner to the pale-faced officer standing"
rigidly at attention. :

“Listen to me!”’ he finally exclaimed, point-
ing his finger in the prisoner’s face.

‘“Your brother has proved that he isa man.
So I will grant his request. Thisis my sentence:
you will be stripped of your rank and work
as your brother's mozo. You will do woman’s
work and cook for him, and serve him as a
slave. Nevermore will you carry a gun in the
company of free men. Go!’’—N. Y. Herald.

DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THE WAR

The only man in the world who didn’t know
there is a war being fought has been discov-
ered, says a writer in a Detroit paper.

He is Herman Rimar, twenty-five years
old, by profession a dock walloped, other-
wise known as a wharfrat.

Rimar was arrested by detectives recently
because he could not produce a registration
card. :

‘‘Registration card—for what?’’ he inquir-
ed blankly when the demand was made of
him. :

“‘For military service,’”’ said the detec-
tives. :

‘‘Military service—registration
what’s all that to me?’’ asked Rimar.

‘‘Didn’t you know you had to register for
the war?’’ demanded the officers testily.

‘“The war—what war? I didn’t know there
was a war on,’’ insisted Rimar.

Rimar seemed stunned, not so much by his
arrest as by the shock of learning suddenly
about all this bloodshed in Europe. However,
he’s still in jail.

card—
