---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_128.jpg
---
4

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

WL Pct W. L. Pet
Cubs 36 12 1750 Athletics 15 32 319
Ninth SO REE 625 Printers 14 83 298

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

; Wean S Pt WSS Pet.
New York 55 30 647 | Chicago 47 48 495
St. Louis 5142 S 5AR Breoklyn 43 46 483
Cincinatti 54 46 540 Boston SHER 518 A2()
Philies A58 SORE536 Pittsburg SSRGS 3T

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. W. L. Pet
Chicago GRS GRG0 New York 48 45 516
Boston 58 85 624 Washingt'n 40 55 421
Detroit Sl 45531 Athletics 34 56 378
Cleveland 52 - 47 525 St. Louis 36 61 371

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the regular meeting of the officers and
delegates the following business was trans-
acted: '

B 7927, Chalrman of the Board of Govern-
ors, A 8432-8361 and 7542, with Pres1dent R
C. McKenty an interested spectator

Finance Committee—B 6335, 7 G. Appli-
cation for loan of $20.00 to procure a lawyer

to defend him in a case in another state, af-

ter his release from here. Laid on the table.

B 8649, 6 B. Application for $2.00 for a
legal transaction. Deferred, subject to in-
vestigation. 1

Paid B 5999, 8 B, $556.00 for bead ﬂags

made for the Club.

" Paid Professor Wiegandt $2. 40 for th1rteen
violin strings to be used by the orchestra at
concerts for the Club’s entertainment.

Court Committee—B 7725, 5 G., indefi-
nitely suspended from the Club for insolence
and destroying application card.

B 4948, 4 B., indefinitely suspended for
having contraband in his possession.

B 8412, 4 B, fighting. Laid on the table
for further investigation.

Motion by delegate that a petition be drawn
up and signed by the delegates testifying to
the conduct of B 8099, the Club typist, appli-
cant for a pardon.

Application for membershlp of: B 5913 laid
upon ‘the table for six months.

Harr{ L." Jenkins; attorney-at-law, made
an honorary member by unanimous rising
vote.

During the week a member of the Board
of Governors (B 6252) has been released on
parole, with the good wishes of the mem-
bers.

The following communication was received
from Hon. J. A. Walker by one of the mem-
bers" duri'lngJ the week.

HOUS‘E OF REPRESENTATIVES,
* " ‘HARRISBURG, PA.
July 17, 1917.
Dear Bill:.

We deeply appreaate your kind letter of
condolence of the 16th inst. It is a matter
of great happiness to have your expression

" with pleasure.

-orchestra,
“ breach with ‘‘Let’s get the piano out on the -
band stand and perhaps Mr. Carlin will sing.’’:
President R. C. McKenty was consulted. :
“‘Sure,’’ said Rube, and four or five huskies

~afterward,

THE UMPIRE

of appreciation of my father as an adviser
and a friend.

Tell the boys at 2107 he sl1pped away and
died, as all of us some day hope to die. I keen-
ly appreciate their sympathy.

Sincerely yours,
JAMES A. WALKER.
(Mr. W. S. Grier.)

Mr. A. Votaw, Secretary of the Prison-
ers’ Aid Society, paid a visit to the Club
secretary, having just returned from his va-
cation. Mr. Votaw was surprised and dis-
appointed that his efforts in behalf of the
one-third law had been unavailing. He spoke

" of the persistence of Mr. Walker and be-

lieves that he (Mr. Walker) will be success-
ful in his efforts.

Jimmie Double-O had a birthday on July
2bth. He has four sound teeth, and he took
a short walk the day he was one year old.
Some boy, Jimmie, and he lives the life of
Riley, with Happy' and Johnnie ready to do
his bidding.

The regular Saturday holiday was filled:
The customary march around -

the yard was indulged in, with the band play-
ing and the flags flying.

The most enjoyable part of the afternoon
was an improvised concert. Mr. Dipple
brought Mr. K. S. Carlin to visit the boys
and introduced him to Vice-President A 8432,
the Secretary, and “‘Curly’’ (B 8361).

Mr. Dipple remarked that Mr. Carlin was
at one time a star performer at Dumont’s
Minstrels. There was no entertainment for
the members, there being neither band nor
so ‘“‘Curly’”’ jumped into the

picked the pianoup and ran out to the
grand stand with it.” Then :followed an en-
tertainment that was pronounced by all as
the best, and it was enjoyed more than any-
thing since the movies closed for the season.

Mr. Carlin sang a song, ‘‘A Little Bit of

Heaven, and They Called It Ireland,’’ that

made the throat tighten. - Encored he sang,

‘I Never Was Nearer Heaven in My Life,’”

and again, ‘“‘Send Me a Rose.’”’ .

Then, to show Mr. Carlin and Mr. Dipple
that ‘““‘Curly’s’’ Minstrels had lost none of
their cleverness, an
performance, in which Josh, Jud, and D. C.,

Nut and County did their different stunts:

and buck dancing. Mr. Carlin remarked
‘“This has been one of the most
enjoyable afternoons of my life. I tell you,
boys, you owe a lot to Warden McKeénty .-+ |

don’t know him personally, but I can see’

why the papers outside are sounding his
praise.-
tentiary were like animals out to the Z00,
but I find them just ordinary, every-day fel-
lows whom I’d be glad to meet at any time.’’
Every one hoped to see Mr. Carlin again. The
two baseball games gave great sport. Pres-

6, 6-G, 12, 12-1.

“a wee sma’ ‘‘toofins,’’ if you please.

improvised minstrel’

‘very grammatieal, but: lS

I always thought men in the peni-

_—_——

ident ‘“‘Rube’” wumpired and rendered
many close decisions. The first game was
between the 4th Block Stars and the E. S. P.
Giants, and a score of 8 to 4 was the result,
in favor of the Giants.

Several members have been inquiring for
Miss Mae Russell. Miss Russell is an honor-
ary member of the Club and each member re-
calls her bright presence with a sincere af-
fection. The Club would apprec1ate a visit
or a letter.

Chaplain Welch ex‘tends a Welcome to any
who may desire to receive instruction in the
Bible to attend the Blble class on Frlday aft-
ernoon at 2:30.

August 4, 1st Sectlon, 12 24 11 10, 1, 9, 8§,
Those who are able are ex-
pected to march in line. L —B\7542.

JIMMIE DOUBLE O

Some one has said, ‘It takes all . klnds . of
people to make a world.”” It may aptly be
said, It takes all kinds of people to make a
prison. To prove this, we have all kinds in
the Honor and Friendship Club. Among them
is Jimmie Double-O, who onJuly 25th celebrat-
ed the first year of hig.life—and in the East-
ern State Penitentiary. _He is the youngest
membher of the H. F. C.

Jimmie Double-O is a resrdent of the 2nd
Block, which means female department, and
arrived some months since, with his mother.

" Too young to be parted from her he perforce

must share her imprisonment, and the pleas-
ure he gives to all with whom he comes in con-
tact has a chastening element .to it. . When
President R. C. McKenty proposed making
the baby in the 2nd Block a member, this
question was asked by the Secretary:

“What’s his number?”’

“Give him a number,’’ replied Rube.

“‘Jimmie Double-O, 3 said the Secretary.

““Good,’’” said Rube

Then Jlmmle Double-O was proposed for
membership, and duly elected. Now he has
a white delegate’s cap, his little go-cart has
H. F. C. stenciled on the back, and he vir-
tually is.a ward of the Club.

What a fine healthy boy he is. One year
old on Wednesday, and he can walk and has
“Hap_

py’’ is his maid-man, and whenever he goes

' forth a delighted crowd is sure to gather to

touch his little hand, or the two tiny dimples
on either cheek.

There have been times when men have
stood looking with open-mouthed wonder at
this beautiful piece of God’s handiwork, and
one chap was heard to say, “Gee! Who ever
heard of a ‘kid’ in- a can before?”” . Not
is express1ve of
what he meant.

Ask his adopted godfather Warden Robert

Jis McKenty, or the “‘Little Father,’’ Rube,
or Chaplain Welch, or Deputy Elnckler or
Captain Souders, or the different matrons, or
Bob Myers, or Harry Myers; but why ask
’em all? You have fourteen hundred “‘cons’’
to ask, and as many. outside visitors. Just
take it for granted that every one loves
Jimmie Double-O and wishes him three score
and ten more birthdays. —B 75}2.
