---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_129.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, August 8, 1917

NO. 31

CATHOLIC CHOIR
GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
OF CLASSICAL SONG

The Catholic choir of the E. S. P. gave an
entertainment of sacred and classical music
at this institution on Sunday afternoon last,

that was pronounced the best ever given by

that organization since its inception.

The entire program was rendered in a man-
ner that would reflect credit upon profession-
als. Not a false note or imperfect intonation
was to be detected, while the voice blending
and the sustaining of tae bass and tenor parts
was excellent. Professor Joseph Welsh di-
rected the choristers with usual consumate
skill, and he is to be congratulated on the fine

showing of the singers in their repertoire of*

high-grade song. :

Much credit is due the American Society
for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, under whose
auspices the entertainment was provided,
for their continued interest in the welfare of
the E. S. P. inmates.

Chaplain Joseph Welch gave abrief address
to the assembled guests and choristers at the
coneclusion of the service, in which he express-
ed his thanks and appreciation for the clev-
er work of Professor Welsh and the singers.

PROGRAM.
i. ‘“‘Gloria” Loesch
2. ‘“‘Domine Dominus Noster’’ Verdussen
3. ‘‘Alleluia”’ Lambillotte
4. “‘Lilies” Thompson
5. “‘Credo’’ Lejeal
6. ‘‘Jesu Audi Nos’’ Winter
7. “‘Jubilate Deo’’ Loxhai
8. ““The Chapel’’ Orpheus Kreutzer
9. “‘The Inflammatus’’ Rossini

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Game

Athletics vs. Printers

IR Ll e
Athleties........ 0120220007 9 1
Printers......... 00000000 0—-0 Al

Wednesday’s Games

Printers vs. Ninth 9

R. . H. E.

Printers....... 0000300003 4 O

INGFnth: S 1001000002 5 0
Athletics vs. Cubs

R. H. E.

Athletics.... 00100110 0-3 8 1

CubsS.........000000 20 0-2 3 2

Friday’s Games
Cubs vs. Athletics

R T K

Cubsy. el 01000200 0—-3 4 1

Athleties...... 00200000 0—-2 3 1
Printers vs. Ninth

185, ek 1D

Printers......... 20200X000—-5 6 1

Ninthi ot 002000000—2 5 1

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The boys of the blocks and galleries whose
turn it was to be out were a bit disappointed
when it was learned that, owing to the ab-
sence of our President, the usual weekly
half holiday would be called off; but most of
us consoled ourselves with the thought that
it might be worse, for Rube might go to the
war; and then where would we be? Of course
we would like to se: Germany beaten, but
I’'m afraid we have not yet attained to
such heights of self-sacrifice as to be willing
to give up our Saturday outing to further-
that end. But we’ll hope for the best, as
usual. It was a nice afternoon to sleep any-
way, and that was the silver lining to the
cloud for most of us.

At the regular monthly meeting of the of-
ficers and delegates of the Club on Tuesday
afternoon business was cut to the bone, ‘ow-
ing to the intense heat. The Oldest Inhab-
itant was heard to remark, ‘‘That it beat
anything in his experience,’’ which as we all
know is a long one.

The reports of the Board of Governors and
the Representative Delegates were read and -
approved, new applications for membership
favorably acted upon, and a letter from Mr.
Harry L. Jenkins, thanking the Club for his
election as an honorary member, read and
noted.

. The appointment of B 8762 as a member of
the Board of Governors as successor to B
6252, released, was announced, and search
was made for the gentleman with the inten-
tion of introducing him to the delegate body;
but perhaps, owing to his innate modesty,
the Sergeant-at-Arms was unable to locate
him, and at last reportshe was still in hiding;
but we hope to have the pleasure of meeting
him next week.

The croquet ground is filled daily with hap-
py warriors, both young and old, while Pete is
often to be seen looking on, wearing the smile
that won’t come off, happy in seeing others
happy; in fact he has been known to take a
hand, although we would rather not chronicle
the result. It is a godsend to those of our old-
er members, who hitherto, lacking both occu-

(Continued on page 4.)

PRISONERS MAKE GOOD
-AT THE FRONT

A question of vital import to every man of
military eligibility who is confined in prison
in this country is aptly and authoritatively
answered with official figures taken from the
British Army and Navy records, and quoted
in the Literary Digest, in its issue of July 28.

These official figures so effectively explode
all the old stock arguments hitherto advanced
against permitting prisoners to serve in the
ranks that, it seems reasonable to believe
the Government will adopt the same prac-
tise in this country, and it may not be long
before many of us will find ourselves ‘‘some-
where in France.”” The article in question
says:

“The increase in juvenile crime, or what
appears to be a tendency thereto in warring
countries, has in some instances its offset in
the improvement of adult misdoers.
noticed in England, where inmates of prisons
have been drafted into the Army with sur-
prising results. The idea of utilizing these
restrained citizens for service at the Front
encountered objection when it was first
broached, says Mr. Edwin Pugh, the well-
known English novelist, writing in the London
Daily Masl. Against the argument that al-
lowing them to fight for their king and coun-
try would be giving them a chance to redeem
their past and regain their self-respect, it
was urged that soldiers of the new Army
would, most strongly and quite reasonably
object to having to consort with criminals.
So the idea was apparently dropped. But a
little while ago it was officially announced
that over 7000 out of 15,000 convicts and
other minor misdemeanants had been per-
mitted to volunteer for active service, and
that the vast majority of them had made
good.”’

That is very comforting indeed to us who
are anxious for the same chance. Observe that
7000 out of 15,000 were found fit to serve in
the ranks. That is a much higher percent-
age than applicants for enlistment outside of
prisons can show. But the really good part
is this:

A careful record of these ne’er-do-wells
presents both a dark and bright side:

<« “To take the darker side first: 530 were
killed in action, 49 died of wounds, 13 died of
sickness, and 1530 were more or less seriously
wounded. From this it will be seen that
more than half of them gave their lives or
suffered some grievous hurt in their coun-
try’s cause.’ ”’ )

s« sNow to take the brighter side of the

(Continued on page 4. )

This is
