---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_130.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

_——‘M

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Phlladelphla
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, August 8, 1917.

‘‘He 1is sufficiently learned who knows how
to do things well and to refrain from evil.’’

WAR AND CRIME

Our attention has been called to the state-
ment of a well-known writer on war topics
who avers that the annual report of the
Prison Commissioners for England and Wales
shows a very large decrease in the prison
population.
114,283 prisoners under sentence, but in 1915-
16 the number fell to 64,160. Undoubtedly
this was because the British Army has ab-
sorbed a large proportion of the ecriminal
population. Serious crime, indeed, was never
so infrequent as at present. = This would
seem to indicate that where men branded by
the laws of society as criminals are given a
fair chance to show their better side and
“‘make good,’’ they have quickly responded

in a way that counts at the time of greatest.

need.

The writer goes on to say that one of the
most notable effects of the present war, on
the prison population, has been ‘hat the re-
ceptions are now for the most part confined
to the physically and mentally weak. The
percentage of strong, able-bodied men is
comparatively small.

In a further detail it is shown that through-
out the year the manufacture of war stores
has been conducted in prisons with unabated
vigor. The number of inmates engaged on
war work averaged 5000 per day. In spite
of the rapid and unprecedented fall in the
prison population, the output of work was
maintained by an extension of the hours of
labor, by various emergency regulations cal-
culated to increase the individual output and
by the keen desire of the prisoners to do
their utmost.

Does not this prove most conclusively that
the economic waste of the services of many
able-bodied men now confined in idleness in
the various prisons in this country, is one of
the most glaring inconsistencies of an age
where efficiency and economy are said to be
the watchwords?

With the losses of a great war soon to be

In the year 1914-15 there were

brought home to us, how long will it be be-
fore the American people are made to realize
their apparent lack of perception in not util-
izing the material which is now looked upon
as waste?

NOT BY PREACHING ALONE

In an excellent article that appeared in a
recent issue of the C. S. Monitor, a writer
makes mention of the first steps that were
taken to mitigate the horrors of theold-time
system of prison discipline, and how it came
into existence in the famous Walnut street
jail in Philadelphia, ‘‘in the course of an at-
tempt, made by the Quakers of Pennsylva-
nia, to overcome the horrors of the herding
together of prisoners, by the introduction of
the separate cell,”’ ete.

The writer goes on to say that while this
in turn came to be defined as the greatest
crime of the Eighteenth Century, owing to
abuses perpetrated on helpless prisoners by
brutal guards, such horrors were directly
the cause of bringing the system into disre-
pute,and has led the way for all the changes,
experiments, and innovations of more recent
years. With those which have been tried
and found wanting, it is not our intention to
deal at length, but to call attention to the
fact that the time has come when it is no
longer safe for any country to indulge in di-
viding its population into two nations. More
than half a century ago, Disraeli, in a fa-
mous novel, showed the danger to England
of two nations separated by a gulf which
could be crossed only on a bridge of gold.
But more dangerous, today, is the contrast
in every country between the dwellers in the
fields and cities of respectability, and those
in the underworld of habitual criminality. In
the old times the very brutality of the world
consecrated the repression of the criminal.
The conscience of humanity isrebelling more
and more against this every day. It is be-
ginning to demand that such evils should be
met, as they can be met, by a scientific de-
monstration of Christianity. Not by the
preaching of sermons, but by the healing of
disease, for the underworld of criminality is
a diseased condition, and a far truer fact, in
the relative existence of things, than ever
was the underworld of the Sagas of the
Celtic romances. There are people in prison,
in prison largely through their own igno-
rance, their own unrestrained passions, and
their own fears. They can be rescued Jrom
this condition, but it will not be by preaching
alone. Etighteen centuries of preaching have
left the underworld fully inhabited. What is
wanting is the demonstration to its inhabit-
ants of their ability to throw off these fet-
ters; and this can be done only by those who
can show them the true meaning of that
passage in the Gospel, which hasbeen quoted
for centuries until it has been almost reduc-
ed to meaninglessness, ‘I was in prison, and
ye came unto me.”’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various ;
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

MENTAL SLAVERY

Thereisslavery of the mind as well as slav-
ery of the body. The latter form of slavery
has been almost completely abolished from
the civilized world. But mental slavery still
is much in evidence.

Everybodyis a mental slave who allows him-
self to be dominated in his thinking and his con-
duct by unreasoning prejudices. If he is
blindly bitter against fellow-men—as in mat-
ters of race, religion or politics—he is not a
free man but a slave.

There are some things which arouse justi-
fiably bitter feelings. There are some preju-
dices, grounded in intuitive moral standards,
which all right-thinking men ought to have.

Every man ought to feel prejudiced, intense-
iy prejudiced, against those guilty of broken
faith, ruthless cruelty, malicious and wanton
destruction of life or property. Against
wickedness of every kind thereis indeed rea-
son for prejudice.

But totreat disdainfully another human be-
ing simply because he happens to belong to
a particular race or religious denomination or
political party is evidence not of right think-
ing, but of wrong thinking—perhaps I should,
say of non-thinking.

We all of us know people who thus behave.
Do we, by any sad chance, thus behave our-
selves?

It is a question that every one of us ought
to put to himself. And the best way to ge*,
a decisive and honest answer to it is to ana-
lyze our attitude toward persons whom we
are ready to admit that we dislike.

Do we have any really valid reasons for
disliking them? Or, if closely examined, is
our hostile attitude determined solely by some
such thing as the race to which they belong:
the religious faith they hold, or the political
party with which they are affiliated?

If this is the only ground we have for dis-
liking them, are we behaving sensibly?

Are we b:having like men free to think for
themselves and actually thinking for them-
selves?

Still more: >

Are not our blind prejudices harmful to our
own interests and to the best interests of
our country?

The persons whom we unreasonably dislike

(Continued on page 3)
