---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_131.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

(Concluded from page 2)

may be talented, thoughtful, truly worthy
people, whom it would profit us to know in-
timately. We might learn from them much
that would help us to grow in wisdom and
usefulness.

Our unreasoning prejudices, indeed, may
go far toward accounting for the fact that

_we are perhaps finding it somewhat difficult
to make a success of life. :

Certainly there are many men to whom,
estimated merely on a bread-and-butter basis,
unreasoning prejudices are costly.

Blind prejudices, to be sure, are hard things
to get rid of. Yet, once they are recognized
as present, earnest effort to get rid of them
should be made.

To uproot them it will be necessary to
drill ourselves, as we have never drilled be-
fore, in independent thinking.

We must become accustomed to reason for
ourselves about all things of importance, to
think them out slowly, carefully, logically.

—H. Addington Bruce.

WHAT IS THE MOST VALUABLE METAL?

If you were guessing you would naturally
say that gold is, of course, the most valuable
of the metals. But you would be wrong,
says the ‘‘Book of Wonders.”” The proper
answer to this is iron. We do not mean the
pound-for-pound value, for you,could get
much more for a pound of gold than for a
pound of iron. We mean in useful value—
iron is in that sense the most valuable metal
known to man. This is true because iron is
of such great service to man in so many
ways, and it is very fortunate that there is
such a great amount of it available for man’s
purposes. ¥ron is not generally found in a
pure state in the mines. It is generally found
compounded with carbon and other sub-
stances, and we obtain pure iron by burning
_these substances out of the compound.

MONEY FOR SOLDIERS

Will there be a general issue of batta money
at the conclusion of the present great war,
and if so, how much will it amount to?

Doubtless the above question has occurred
to not a few old soldiers at the Front, and to
as many of the younger ones as have heard
of the custom.

Batta money is a gratuity which old estab-
lished army usage has decreed shall be paid
in certain circumstances to private soldiers
and non-commissioned officers taking part in
an exceptionally arduous campaign.

It derives its name from a Hindustani word
meaning perquisites or wages, and its pay-
ment was originally confined to India. There
have, however, been plenty of precedents for
the payment of batta outside that country,
one recent notable instance being in con-
nection with the Nile expedition for the relief
of General Gordon, when Lord Wolseley in-
sisted on the time-honored custom being ob-

served as regards the troops under his com-
mand, with the result that every man received
£5 cash soon after the conclusion of the cam-
paign.

Batta money, it may be of interest to note,
is by immemorial custom paid in gold, and
usually in new sovereigns, and there are fre-
quently wild scenes in the garrison towns
when the long-looked-for day arrives. The
coins are dished out—literally ‘‘dished out’’
—to the men by companies, the recipients
being paraded for the purpose on the bar-
rack square, and the packages of gold served
out to them from the round ration tins that
are ordinarily used to draw the bread and
meat in.

ON THE BRINK

Yea, there is still one step to take
Before the last,

One word to say before I break
Quite with the past.

I have gone on it seems
An endless way—

Running by night through dreams and dreams,
But barred by day.

The gulf I can not overlap,
To reach your side,

In my confused and troubled sleep
Seems half as wide.

For then you bend to me again,
And softly call,

And I forget the ceaseless pain,
The shame and all.

I see the light upon your face
As once it shone,

Thougt I shall never see the place
Where you have gone.

So hopeless is it now to think
The time may be

When that dark hour from which I shrink
Shall pass from me.

And yet while fate forgets to cut
This mortal breath,

Before the door of life is shut
By jealous death.

Before I drink the dregs of woe—
Yea, while I live—
O loved so vainly, let me know
That you forgive!
— Unknown Author in Public Ledger.

THE ‘“‘CORK €ONVENT”

‘A striking curiosity near Cintra, Portugal,
says a writer in the Wide World, is an an-
cient convent built partially in the interior of
an immense rock. The convent is situated
in a very isolated spot, and was formerly sur-
rounded by a dense wood of cork trees. The
convent is known as the Convento da Cortica,
or ““Cork Convent,’”’ for the reason that the
monks’ cells, chapel, kitchen and refectory
are all lined with cork to keep out the damp.
From 1560 to 1834 the convent was inhabited
by an order of monks known as the Capu-

chins, a remarkable feature of their religion
being that, except on certain occasions, si-
lence was obligatory. .Since 1834, when the
monasteries and convents of Portugal were
dissolved, the convent has not been occupied,
though it is open to the public, a caretaker
residing there for this purpose.

WILL SPARE JERUSALEM

The British Government has given strict
orders to Gen. Sir Archibald Murray, in com-
mand of the armies now fighting in Pales-
tine, on no account-to injure any of the holy
places or in any way interfere with any of
the shrines. In the case of Jerusalem, which
may be captured if the Allies’ plans succeed,
Sir Archibald has been enjoined to take par-
ticular care against injury of all kinds. The
Christian shrines in the Holy Land are in
charge of Franciscan friars.

A HUMAN SKIN SCREEN

There are many priceless relics in the me-
nage of the Sultan of Turkey, most of which
symbolize brutality and vice. But the ro-
mance of the famous screen in the throne-
room of the Sultan’s palace is worth repeat-
ing.

It is made, so rumor hath it, of human skin,
perfectly tanned and elaborately tooled and
embossed, and it has been in the royal quar-
ters for more than two centuries. Thisre-
markable screen is not an evidence of cruelty
or barbarity on the part of Turkey’s ruler 200
years ago, but is a memorial to twelve faith-
ful servants of a former Sultan.

At one time during the Sultan’s reign, two
hundred years ago, a wing of the palace caught
fire, and during the conflagration a much-
loved member of the Sultan’s family was
rescued by twelve servants. The twelveser-
vants perished, some of them dying later of
their wounds and burns, so his Majesty had
their skins removed by an expert and had
them preserved in this touching though re-
markable manner. The screen is now looked
upon as a part of the ruler’s inheritance, and
it is said that every Sultan cherishes it as a
mascot. :

PUNISHMENT TO FIT CRIME

An English author states that new uses are
being found for the phonograph. One of the
latest of these, as tried in a Western city of
the United States, is the employment of the
phonograph to teach singing. A record is made
of the pupil’s interpretation of some song, and
he is then permitted to hear himself sing it, the
theory being, of course, that he will thus be able
to judge his effort more accurately.

In time perhaps the custom will become so
general that all singers will try their songs on
themselves before they try them before audi-
ences, and this, it must be admitted, would be
an arrangement which many audiences would
greatly appreciate.
