---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_132.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. W. L. Pect
Cubs ST T 3T Athletics 18 33 353
Ninth 30 21 588 Printers 17 34 333
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pct
New York 61 81 633 Chicago 51 95252495
Philies 50 42 543 | Brooklyn 48 49 495
St. Louis i o Y Boston 51 58 436
Cincinatti 55 51 518 Pittsburg 31 67 316
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pect
Chicago 66 38 635 New York 51 48 515
Boston 60 39 606 Washingt’'n 44 57 436
Cleveland 56 49 533 Athletics 36761 37|
Detroit 54 48 529 St. Louis 38 65 389

(Concluded from 1st page.)

pation and pastime, were condemned to a soul-
destroying idleness. Instead of sitting idly
in their cells dreaming of the future, most of
us don’t care to think of the -days gone by,
their chief interest now,is when will we be
out to play again? It is only one more of
the Club’s many good works.
The First Section have the call for next
Saturday, 12, 12-1,12-2,11,10,1,9, 8,6, 6-G.
H.F.C.
Hope, that the best of your life is yet before
you; :
Faith, that the world is not against you, but
for you;
Charity for all, though doubly they bore you.
Honor, and what does it mean to you?

A watchword, a star, a flame that burns
steadily,
Or a rope made of sand that is broken so
readily?
A tower, and a sword in the hour of disaster,
Or a voice in your ear that makes you run
faster.
A breath and a bubble
That only fools cherish;
Or a treasure worth double
The gold that must perish.
The Grail hidden deep in the heart of each
one of us,
To be guarded and kept, and passed on to
the sons of. us;
Or a something that doesn’t apply to the run
of us.
Honor, and what has it been to you?
Friendship,and whathaveyoudone withit?
A scowl, and a growl for the friend that
you’re meeting;
Or a gay, cheerful word and a smile for a
greeting?
And when he’s gone by, is he still a good
fellow?
Or is it like this, ““‘Sure, I know that he’s
yellow?”’
When he’s on the down grade,
Jo you stand by unheeding?
Or give him the aid
‘He’s expecting and needing?

Should his burden be great, are you trying
to lighten it?

- Should his future be dark, are you trying to

brighten it?
Or did you forge his chain, and still trying
to tighten it?
Friendship,and whom have youwon withit?

3 Honor, the glory of life, and the soul of it!-

Friendship, the story of life, and the goal
of it!
Honor and Friendship—and there you’ve the
whole of it!
— B 8266.

REQUIESCAT IN PACE.

A solemn duty of paying tribute to a de-
ceased member, fell to the Club delegates on
Wednesday, when the body of John Pioiski
(B 7992) was taken to its last resting place
in the Club’s burial lotin Blockley Baptist
Cemetery.

Mr. Bradley, the official Club undertaker,
notified Vice-President ( A 8432),who in turn
had the full Board of Delegates assemble at
the prison mortuary, and file on either side of
the hearse containing the body.

Then, with cornet and drum playing the

‘‘Dead March from Saul,’’ the Vice-Pres-
ident and Secretary, leading the procession,

.the solemn march was taken to the gate.

The hearse then passed through the files of
delegates, who stood, caps in hand, and heads
bowed, while the earthly remains passed
through the big gates, the cornet sounding
‘““Taps’’ as the hearse disappeared. There,
reforming, the delegates marched to the hall,
where proper ceremonials and a prayer for
the dead was read.

The ceremony occuring at the early after-
noon hour, there were many visitors present
who were interested spectators. They ob-
served, with some astonishment, what they
were pleased to term a prisoner funeral.

Each delegate was impressed with the
solemnity of the occasion and the fact that
this, our member, had died far from home
and friends, with none to mourn him, except
those who, like him,were prisoners in a world
within a world. May the GreatJudge, before
whom he now presents himself, be lenient
with him for hisshort-comings on earth, is the
prayer of the members of tne Honor and
Friendship Club. —B 7542,

We are in receipt of a post-card from our
President, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, and we
are glad to note he is having a good time in
Atlantic City. But we hope he will soon be
with us again, as we missed his company
very much last Saturday.

The man who discovered Pike’s Peak said
that it would never be climbed. Today the
topmost peak is accessible to automobiles.

Applying electric currents to the base of
the brain, a Berlin physician has found a way
to give sleep to the sleepless.

(Concluded from 1st page.)

record: 20 were mentioned in dispatches, 25
received the Distinguished Conduct Medal,
8 were given commissions, and 3 received the
Victoria Cross.’ ”’

And here is the amazing part. The part
that should make every one of our hearts
glow with pride for those whom we hope have
blazed the way for us: 4

‘“ ‘Deducting from this list those who
were injured or otherwise incapacitated, we
find that between 2 and 3 per cent. of these
lads achieved some high distinction—a truly
marvelous result, unexcelled, if not unparal-
leled, by the record of any other regiment
engaged in the war.’ ”’

When you stop to think how many reg-
iments England has engaged in this war, and
that some of them are composedof the cream
of the whole Army, the picked men from
tens of thousands, and that none of them can
show such a record of valor and trustworthi-
ness as these so-called outcasts,—why it just
disposes of the arguments against the ad-
visability of enlisting prisoners at one fell
swoop. Sweeps them aside.

It seems to the writer good sense, in the
light of these astounding figures, for the
authorities to give us the chance now, and
not wait until tens of thousands of our young
men have laid down their lives. Let us be
the first. We have sinned, say we, let us ex-
piate our transgressions so far as we may by
serving as defenders of our country.

There are many men of the shifty-eyed type
in prison. There are many more in -prison
who have the look of eagles in their eyes.
The old idea that prisoners are a class apart
from humanity has been discarded along with
a host of other myths. One of the good men
that went down on the Lusitania, Elbert
Hubbard, in speaking of the men who are in
prison said: ““If you wish to know the kind
of men that are in our prisons observe the
first dozen men you meet on the street.”’
And you need not hunt out any particular
locality before you start to do your ‘‘observ-
ing.”’

A dozen regiments could be raised from
men in prisons in this eountry today. If the
others who are serving the flag did not wish
to associate with them, they could be kept
apart. More than likely that would be more
desired by the men coming from the prisons
than by any one else. They would be more
contented to work out their salvation among
themselves than by being thrust among those
who do not care for their company.

History tells us that the prisoners who were
enlisted during the Civil War distinguished
themselves in almost every instance.  There
is every incentive for a man thus situated to
do his utmost to recoup himself in the esteem
of his fellow-man. There is no doubt that,if
the prisoners in our American prisons are given
a chance to enlist, they will distinguish them-
selves the same as their English brothers.
