---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_133.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, August 15, 1917

NO. 32

CONDITIONS IN |
GEORGIA PRISON CAMPS

Prominent among the expert penologists
of today is Dr. George W. Kirchwey, Dean
of Columbia University, who hasrecently re-
turned from a visit to the prison camps in
Georgia, and ne gives the following account
of his observations to a representative of the
C. S. Monzitor, which we are pleased to offer
our readers for their perusal.

Our inmate readers are, of course, at lib-
erty to draw their own conclusions as to the
relative comparison between conditions in
this State and in Georgia, but we venture to
opine that Pennsylvania will look good to
them after reading the following:

“In Georgia there are no prisonsin the
ordinary sense of that term, except for a
conparatively smnallnumber of men and wom-
en who, either because of disabilities or
for social reasons, are not put to work on
the roads. Every county takes care of its
own prisoners. They are not kept in a pris-
on, but are distributed, in gangs varying per-
haps from 20 to 150 each, throughout the
county in road camps.

" ““These camps- consist of one or more
shacks of rude construction, but comfortable
enough at this season of the year although
they must be most uncomfortable in the win-
ter. The conviets are all employed on road
work. Formerly in Georgia, as is still the
case in some of the other Southern states,
convicts were leased out to private contract-
ors. This resulted in an abominable system
of peonage and was abolished by the Georgia
Legislature a few years ago.

““The convicts are now worked by the
county warden for the benefit of the county
and thus of the State at large. The roads
built by them are of most excellent quality,
and it is estimated that the convicts, most of
whom, it must be remembered, are negroes,
are a distinct asset to the State. A warden
of one of the most populous counties in the
State told me that convicts in his charge
were worth at least $2.50 a week each to the
county. This looks like good business, but
it has its dark side, as itis asserted that
“it is almost hopeless for a man entitled to
parole to receive his discharge during the
busy season of road building.

““While engaged in working on the roads,
the men are heayily guarded, always being
supervised by a keeper armed with a shot-
gun. With very few exceptions the men
wear chains about their legs. In some in-
stances, in the case of men working on roads,
I saw that their legs were chained together
in such a way as to permita man to do his

work, but so as to disable him from running
away. At night the men sleep on wooden
cots set side by side in a large shack, which
is their only refuge from the rain and the
weather, and a heavier chain, known as a
gang chain, which is attached by a staple to
one end of the dormitory, is run down the
whole line of cots on one side, through the
ankle rings on the prisoners, so that from 80
to 60 men are chained together as well as to
the building in which they are supposed to
rest. For breaches of discipline, such as at-
tempts to escape, convicts are punished by
the infiiction of 10 lashes on the bare back,
and this may be repeated as often as is nec-
essary to lead the wrongdoer to see the error
of his ways.

““The hours of labor seem to me to be ex-
ceedingly long. At this season of the year
the men are aroused at 3:35 a. m. and with a
break of from an hour to two hours at noon
they are not returned to camp until dark.
I saw a large camp of 130-odd men come in
at the close of the day’s work, dragging with
their feet the chains that bound them. And
I saw them an hour later, after their evening
meal, and they looked to me utterly dispirit-
ed. It is true that the warden with his en-
ergetic personality inspired them to sing for
the strangers, and they rendered a few re-
ligious hymns sweetly and melodiously; butat
no time did they shake off the impression of
almost complete discouragement.’’

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Athletics vs. Ninth

A good game of ball was played at the
Storehouse grounds on Wednesday, between
the Athletics and Ninth, much to the joy of
the enthusiastic onlookers. It was nip and
tuck from the start and finally came out in a
tie. B 8448 made a good double play ata
critical moment. = Spookie pitched an un-
usually good game for the Athletics, strik-
ing out 13, withonly 3 hits and 2 passes.
Charlie No. 2 was at the mound for the
Ninth. He struck out 9, walked 83 and was
in for 6 hits.

R. H. E.
Athletices....00100101 0-3 6 1
Ninth.........1000020 0 03 3 0

Double play—B 8448.

Two-base hits—Spitz and Mickie.

Umpires—Jacoby and Sam.

Cubs vs. Printers

Bunched errors on the part of the Printers
was the cause of their defeat by the Cubs at
the game played at the Garage grounds on
Wednesday. Otherwise the players worked

up to the average. Chick enlivened the
game by a record home run, while Harvey’s
double play added to the joy of the fans.
Billy’s mound work for the Cubs might have
been improved by better control of the ball.
He struck out 6 and allowed 3 hits, with 5
passes on balls. Boston pitched for the
Printers and struck out 6, walked 4, allow-
ing 4 hits.

Gubs..i o 40
1

010000—6 4 1
Printers...... 3 1

Thursday’s Game

Athletics vs. Ninth

Wednesday’s tie game between the Ath-
letics and Ninth, was played off at the Store-
house grounds on Thursday and resulted in a
score of 3-0 in favor of the Athletics. The
game seemed to be in the hands of the last
named team from the start, as their oppo-
nents played with little interest. Mack’s
work at-the mound for the Athletics resulted
in 9 strike-outs, 4 walks and 1 hit. Reds and
Johnnie pitched for the Ninth with indifferent
success.

Ro H: K
Athletics........ 00020010 0-3 i
02050 0.0.0-0°-0-0—-02% *Eis ]

Friday’s Games

Printers vs. Cubs

The Cubs’ winning streak was broken by
the Printers at the game played at the Gar-
age grounds on Friday, due principally to er-
rors. It was a great surprise for the fans
to see the favorites go down like grain before
the wind. Billy’s pitching for the Cubs was
lamentably weak, and he was relieved in the
fourth inning by Harvey, who finished the
game. Tony did mound duty for the Print-
ers, striking out 3, with 3 passes and 4 hits
recorded.

R
Printers e 033401000—-11 14 1
Cubsy e 000101000—2 4 6

Athletics vs. Ninth

The Athletics had things coming their way
at the game played with the Ninth at the
Storehouse grounds on Friday, and had they
put a little more vim in their work they
might have had a shut-out. B 8448 made a
clever double play, and Jacoby’s home run
educed enthusiastic applause from the fans.
Spookie did well in the box for the Athletics,
striking out 5, passing 2 and allowing only 2

hits. Johnnie and B 7469 pitched for the
Ninth. Their work was poor. ‘

R e HE Sl
Athlertics....... 1011781611 0°0—7 7"l
Ninth S v: 2010000003 2 1
