---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_134.jpg
---
2
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
“every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, August 15, 1917.

““No man has ever learned his own powers
except by the school of experience.’’

KINDNESS IN LITTLE THINGS

It has been truly said that life is not made
up of great things, but of little things, in
which small obligations given habitually with
a smile of kindness count decisively in win-
ning that content of heart and peace of mind
“‘that passeth the understanding.’’.

Even the stopping of a single tear often
has more sterling worth than the sacrifice of
life itself.

Then, too, there is kindness which even
the dumb can speak and the deaf can
hear and understand.

Who will question that a kind heartis a
fountain of gladness, causing everything
within its atmosphere to brighten into
smiles?

What is more cheering to a man in low spir-
its than a hearty handshake? And when it is
backed with kind looks, kind words and kind
acts, it becomes an irresistible force to pro-
mote courage when men or women are in dire
trouble and are fighting the unseen battles
in life’s struggle.

One may recall the wise words of a noted
writer and author who said:

‘I expect to pass through life but once.
If therefore, there be any kindness I can
show, or any good thing I can do to any fel-
low-being, let me do it now, and not defer
or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way
again.’”’

It is best to keep in mind that kind words
produce their own image on men’s souls; and
truly a beautiful image it is. For they soothe
and comfort the hearer as perhaps notking
else will. And, sad to say, we have not as
yet begun to use kind words in nearly the
proportion they ought to be used for the
welfare of our being.

The high and the low, the rich and the
poor, all have the power to create an atmos-
phere for good or for evil. Each one is bound
to create a little circle in which he lives, and
it should be created with the thought of up-
lifting those about him. For one is sure to
see that out of the small circle the greatest
good may flow.

is much less popular.
. Seems unpardonable. ,

THE UMPIRE

Every one should have flxed in his mind
the thought that out of a little sphere
may flow irfluences that should stimulate a
whole community, or'a commonwealth.

AUSTRALIA PROTECTS THE FALLEN

We have it from the New Era that in Aus-
tralia it isnow a felony for any person to
circulate oral, written or printed information
to the effect that a person has served time
in prison. In other words, when a man’s
sentence expires, Australian society consid-
ers the debt as paid and protects the former
prisoner by imprisoning any one who even

“ speaks of his past record in publiec.

What a record of enlightenment is repre-
sented there!

And how much more humane it would be
for America to do likewise!

Man no longer eats man.
not burn witches. American
supported by slaves. Opium joints are out
of being. Prize fights are on the wane.
Race tracks are regulated by law. Gambling
But the prisoner’s sin

Christians do
society is not

When will the intelligent civilization o
this great country respond to the needed and
helpful requirements of men discharged from
prison, in the Australian way?

To the latter question we venture to say
that if recent reports are true, the state of
Washington now has a similar law in its pe-
nal code. :

What state will be next to follow this ex-
cellent innovation?

WHEN SOCIETY ERRS

The members of the New Jersey Prison
Commission seemed greatly surprised when
it was announced by the chief of the State
Board of Health, recently, that 80 per cent.
of the inmates of the state’s penal institu-
tions were either insane or mentally defi-
cient. One member asserted that if it were
true, it was a severe stricture on the state’s
judiciary. This was followed in a few days
by another statement from the attendant
physician of a state penitentiary, that fully
25 per cent. of the inmates under his super-
vision were defective or insane.

Now comes another authorative declara-
tion from Paul E. Bowers, M. D., M. S in
the New Era, backing up all that has gone
before.

Society is being poorly protected when it
sends insane and mentally defective individ-
uals to penal institutions, and then releases
them from custody uncured, merely because
their sentence hasexpired. Yet this irration_

-al procedure is being continuously practised’

by our courts and boards of parole in all
states of the Union.

Up to the present time far more attention
and consideration have been given to the legal
classification’ of crime and to the various
modes of punishment than have been given
to the criminal himself.

Probably fifty per cent. of all juridical pro-

.

—_—

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celeprated at the Prison -
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

ceedings are concerned with criminality, and
yet our jurists placidly and contentedly con-
tinue to study their books instead of men,
searching in ponderous and ancient volumes
of citations, resurrecting decisions from the
legal graveyard of the past; and, with crum-
bling, moth-eaten and timeworn precedents,
they attempt toregulate the anti-social con-
duct that springs from a disordered mental-
ity. 2

If medical examination of prisoners was
instituted, as a matter of routine practise in
our criminal courts, a very material improve-
ment would follow.

The ordinary insane persons would be sep-
arated from the usual class of criminals, and
the mentally sick could be given the proper
treatment in the proper institutions early in
the course of their disease:

The dangerous insane, the morally insane,
the sexual perverts and the habitual crimi-
nals would be segregated and sent to hospi-
tals for the criminal insane permanently, or
until a cure was effected.

Society would be very much better protect-
ed than it is now, for mental defectives and
habitual criminals would not be released to
further prey upon the public.

Paul E. Bowers, M. S., M. D., Medical Superintendent
Indiana Hospital for Insane Criminals, in the New Era.

THE MODERN SAMSON

When Samson found himself at lastin the
banquet hall of the lordsof the Philistines he
leaned against the pillars and brought down
the roof—thus destroying himself and all
others beneath it.

William II had leaned hard on the pillars
of monarchy. The Romanoff pillar cracked
and Nicholas was crushed in the ruin. Con-
stantine fell when the supports of his dynasty -
broke beneath the strain and Hohenzollern
friendship. Now Alphonso is threatened
with disaster as the result of William’s in-
trigues, and Austria’s young Emperor sees
his government crumbling for the sins of
Potsdam. Even Sweden’s king has heard
rumblings of menace.

There is this difference between Samson
of old and Samson of today—the former
destroyed his enemies, the latter is destroy-
ing his friends, or those who have refused to -
become his open foes. :

But there will be no difference in the re-
sult to Samson. He, too, will perish.
