---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_135.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

e e e R e e R I T T N Sl S B e S s SR S S e e S SR e e e S
_—

A SCENE IN THE TROPICS

The travelers paddled omward hour after
hour, sheltering themselves as best they could
under the shadow of the southern bank.

On their right hand the full sunglare lay
upon the enormous wall of mimosas, figs and
laurels, which formed the northern forest,
broken by the slender shafts of bamboo-tufts
and decked with a thousand gaudy parasites,

Bank upon bank piledupward to the sky till
where its outline cut the blue, flowers and
leaves, *oo lofty to be distinguished by the
eye, formed a brokenrainbow of all hues, quiv-
ering in the ascending streams of azure mist,
until they seemed to melt and mingle with
the very heavens.

And as the sun rose higher and higher a
great stillness fell upon the forest. The
jaguars and the monkeys had hid themselves
in the very depths of the woods. The birds’
notes died out one by one; the very butterflies
ceased their flitting over the tree tops, and
slept with out-spread wings upon the glossy
leaves, undistinguishable from the flowers
around. :

Now and then a humming-bird whirred
downward toward the water, hummed for a
moment round some pendant flower, and then
the deep gem was lost in the deep blackness
of the inner wood, among the trunks as huge
and dark as the pillars of some Hindoo shrine.

Or a parrot swung and screamed at them
from an overhanging bough; ora thirsty mon-
key slid lazily down a vine to the surface of
the stream, dipped up the water in his tiny
hand, and started chattering back, as hiseyes
met those of some foul alligator peering up-
ward through the depths below,

In shaded nooks beneath the boughs capi-
baras, rabbits as large as sheep went pad-

“dling round and round, thrusting up their un-
wieldly heads among the blooms of the blue
water-lilies, while black and purple water-
hens ran up and down upon the rafts of float-
ing leaves. The shining snout of a fresh-
water dolphin rose slowly to the surface;a jet
of spray whirred up; a rainbow hung upon it

for a moment, and the black snout sank lazily

again. ‘ :

Here aud there, too, upon some shallow
pebbly shore, scarlet flamingos stood dream-
ing knee-deep on one leg; crested cranes
pranced up and down, admiring their own
finery, and ibises and herons dipped their
bills under water in search of prey.

— Charles Kingsley.

LOOK AT YOU

You have probably noticed that some faces
in pictures seem to follow you, also that in
other pictures there are faces which are not
looking at you, butno matter where you
walk, even though it be in the direction in
which they scem to be looking, you will never
find the face looking at you. Indeed, faces
in pictures are either looking at us from
wherever we look at them, or else they never

look at us from wherever we look at them.
The same is true of photoplays.

The rule is very simple.~ If the person who
was being painted or photograped was look-
ing at the painter or the camera, then wher-
ever you stand he will seem to be looking at
you.

If he was looking on one side, then wher-
ever you stand he will seem to be looking on
that side of you. This works very queerly if
you have a group of people who were looking
at the camera when they were photographed.
If you look at the photogragh from one side
they all seem to turn to follow you and then
to turn back if you look at it from the other
side. But if they were not looking at the
camera, you can never get them to look at
you.

THE CONSCIENCE

I sold my conscience to the world;
The price I thought was good,

The conscience—’twas a useless thing;
I needed clothes and food.

But when ’twas gone my joy went, too,
And peace had flown away,

The things the world gave in their place
Were broken in a day.

And then the way grew steep and dark,
My feet began to slide,

I did not know which way to go,
Yor I had lost my guide.

I bought my conscience back again—
My conscience worn and old!

The world demanded thrice the price
Since I to him had sold.

Just all T had I paid for it,
And took the poor thing back,
And turned me to my empty home,
Yet did not flee alack.
It nestled in my heart,
And held my life as true,
And showed me right and wrong as clear
As if it had been new.
I have my conscience back agsin,
The world may keep its gold,
For peace and joy have flown back, too,
And never shall be sold.
— Unknown.

ALFALFA FOR LUNCHEON

Perhaps we will soon be ‘‘eating grass like
an ox, if all that is said of alfalfa be true,”
avers a writer in a recent issue of a farm
journal.

Alfalfa, which is usually thought of as
food for cattle, was served to Kentucky
farmers in the form of hot biscuits, dough-
nuts, cake and candy, at a luncheon during
the recent farmers’ week exhibition of the
Agricultural College at the State University.

The progressive young women of the do-
mestic science department took care of the
cookery and convinced their farmer guests
that very palatable products may be obtain-
ed for the table from their alfalfa crops.

The flour of alfalfa is of a creamy tint be-
fore cooking and a light green afterward,
and white pea-green biscuits may not at first
appeal to the average housewife, the flavor
is regarded by many as rich and delicious.
Food requirements may easily resultin great-
ly increased use of alfalfa for flour in the
near future. The recipes used in cooking it
are about the same as those for wheat flour.
Alfalfa candy is made from a glucose pressed
from the stalk.

THE ART OF CAMOUFLAGE

The art of the French Camouflage is the
art of screening the movement of position of
troops and supplies.

Painting a locomotive and freight car to
break up the familiar cutline so that from an
airplane it will be difficuit to recognize it for
what it is is an instance of the work which
the French artists are doing, declares The
Outlook.

Another instance is recorded of a French
sculptor who constructed a valuable observa-
tion post in an open field. It seems that in
this field a dead horse had been lying long
enough to have become a familiar object to
the snipers and the observation officers of
the enemy. The French sculptor built a
hollow dummy horse, and it was painted to
resemble the carcass of the dead animal.
During the night time the dummy was taken
out into the field and substituted for the
dead animal, and an observation officer and a
telephone installed within.

French artists have painted canvases cov-
ering long stretches of road so that from an
airplane the highway appeared unused by
traffic. Under these canvases the transport
of supplies and munitions has gone unmo- -
lested.

Canvases have been strung up across vil-
lage streets upon which a road in perspective
was painted. Behind this screen troops have
been moved without observation.

LOCAL OPTION IN RED RIVER DISTRICT

The Red River of the North, which has
long been the division line between ‘‘wet’
territory in Minnesota and ‘‘dry’’ in Dakota,
is gradually losing that distinction as one
after another the counties of the former
state vote out the saloon under local option.
Moorhead, Minn., opposite Fargo, N.D., clos-
ed its emporiums some months ago, and now
East Grand Forks, across the river from Grand
Forks, N. D., has taken similar action.

China has more ducks than all the rest of
the world put together.

Greenheart wood from British Guiana is
said to outlast iron or steel when used under
water.

Italy will allow temporarily the exportation
of olive oil to North and South America in-
stead of keeping that article on the embargo
list, where it was placed recently.
