---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_136.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

w-ﬂ_—-—_—————————_—“_“
——————-——_—_M

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

Wa L. Pct: W. L. Pct

Cubs SRS Athletics 2133399

Ninth 30 24 556 Printers 183688333
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

j WSS Pet: W. L. Pet

New York 63 33 667 Chicago 56 53 o514

Philies 53 44 546 Brooklyn 50 53 485

St. Louis 57 52 523 Boston 43 56 434

Cincinatti 59 55 518 Pittsburg 33 71 317
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect. W. L. Pet

Chicago 62 42 618 New York 53 53 500

Boston 65 41 613 Washingt'n 49 58 458

Cleveland 60 52 536 Athletics 40 64 385

Detroit DS HIWE 523 St. Louis 41 71 366

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the weekly meeting of the Board of
Governoyrs of the H. F. C. on August 6, B
7927 in the Chair, the following business was
transacted: B 7898 granted aloan of $10.00
to assist him in making application for a par-
don; B 5672 to be loaned $5.00 upon his re-
lease. Announcement was made that B 8156
had presented an inlaid box to the Club, and
that the same has been sold for the sum of
$6.00, which has been duly turned into the
Club’s treasury. B 8156 is tendered the
thanks of the Club for his generous gift.

At the regular meeting of the Board of
Delegates on Tuesday, August 7, Vice-Presi-
dent A 8432 presiding, B 8760, the new member
of the Board of Governors was present, and
he was introduced to the delegates by the
Vice-President. 'He was given a rising vote
of welcome, responding with a neat speech
of thanks. After the purelyroutine business
. had been transacted, a post-card from our

President, who was bravely struggling with
the hot wave at Atlantic City, was read, and
also a letter from Harry (E 5602) who an-
nounced that he was doing finely and sug-
gested that any one needing a job should call
around and he’d fix them up; nobody barred,
not even the Rabbit.

A special meeting of the Board of Dele-
gates was held Thursday, August 9, to elect
a Secretary for the the Club; B 7542 remov-

~ed. Vice-President A 8432 presided, and had

a stern eye out for ‘‘repeaters.’”’ There
were but two candidates, B 8762 and B 8703,
and speech-making was ‘‘taboo.”” With B
8266 as judge and B 7664 and 8365 as tellers,
the votes were duly cast and counted, the
result being a ‘‘landslide’’ for B 8762. He
received 29 votes to his opponent’s 4. On
motion of B 7664 the election was made
unanimous.. In a speech of acceptance, B 8762
said that he was profoundly conscious of the
honor shown him and hoped to enjoy the
support and merit the confidence of all.
There was nothing lacking but the red fire.

The members of the First Section enjoyed
their delayed outing Saturday afternoon to

the delight of all concerned, as the day was
an ideal one to be out. Qur President was

" again absent, and the Warden, appearing up-

on the scene, announced that he, also, was
going away, thus leaving us to our c¢wn de-
vices. He stated that he was putting it
frankly up to us; that if our behavior on the

- present occasion justified him, in the future,

neither his own nor our President’s absence
would prevent the Club from having its
weekly half-holiday; he was willing to be
‘“‘shown.’” His words were enthusiastically
received, and every man present at once re-
solved to do his best in ‘‘showing’’ him,

- while Pete passed the word around that the

Club expected every man to do his duty.
That every one did his ‘‘bit”’ was abundant-
ly shown by the fact that the afternoon
passed without the least trouble or disorder.
Let every one bear in mind the fact that the
Club can only hope to retain the privileges
granted it by using the utmost care not to
abuse them, and act accordingly.

A feature of the parade was the flag of
Old Erin, which waved proudly in the van,
flanked on either side by ‘“Old Glory,”’ and
Handsome (?) Harry, B 5757, to whose ex-
ertions its purchase was due—it cost the
handsome sum of $25.00, and is worth every

«cent of it—was its proud bearer, and he says

he doesn’t begrudge a drop of the sweat the
double journey around the yard cost him.
When the band started to play ““Tipperary”’
it needed all the weight of the banner to
hold him down. Dan, our versatile clown,
had with him as Assistant Rear-Guard, Al,
better known locally as the ‘‘Big Fellow,”’
and their antics caused much amusement. It
is already rumored that the two contemplate
going on the stage at the close of their en-
gagement here.

The 1st Block carried off marching honors
of the day with perfect ease. If the other
blocks and galleries expect to have even a
“‘look-in’’ with the 1st Infantry they had bet-
ter get out and get a little moonlight prac-
tise. Mr. Long with a party of friends viewed
the parade from a vantage-point at the end
of the 6th Block, and had nothing but praise
for the marchers. Mr. Dipple spent the
greater portion of the afternoon with us just
chock-full of smiles and encouragement.

Under Professor Wiegandt’s always effi-
cient leadership, the band enlivened the aft-
ernoon for us with some good music, a spir-
ited rendition of ‘‘Tipperary, in particuiar,
arousing much enthusiasm; and there is no
doubt whatever that the Professor and his
band would make good as a recruiting agen-
cy. During a recess in the music the Colored
Quartette, composed of B 7553, 8354, 8350
and 8524, sang ‘‘I Had a Dream.’’ It must
have been a pleasant one, judging by the
way they carrolled it. While they were rest-
ing their throats preparatory to another ef-
fort, ‘‘Paddy’’ (B 7545) standing before the
Irish flag and wearing an appropriate green
tie, favored us with a couple of his inimita-

ble “‘talks.”” There remains but the ball
games to be chronicled. These were, as usu-
al, hotly contested.

In the initial clash between the 1st Block’s
First Team and the Buglers, the latter ex-
hibited an almost German efficiency, smother-
ing their oppounents by a scandalous score,
which we hesitate to publish. But the 1st
Block retrieved its lost honor in the second
engagement, when its Second Team, after a
terrific battle, succeeded in gaining the de-
cision over the All-Stars, 3 to 2. Then the
bugle blew for ‘‘tea,’” and every one went
home rejoicing, with appetites sharpened by
fresh air and exercise.

Any communications that the delegates
may have for the Vice-President or Secretary,
they will please turn over to the represent-
ative delegates (B 7664 and B 7362) in the
morning when they make their calls on the
blocks and galleries, who, will, in turn, pre-
sent them to the Vice-President or Secretary.

Delegates will also receive their application
cards from the representative delegates, who
will then collect them after being properly
filled out.

Any member desiring to become a sub-
scriber in the Club Magazine Circulating Li-
brary will please notify the delegate on the
block, and he, in turn, will have the Libra-
rians (B 7364, 11th Block, or B 8334 7th Gal-
lery) call to see you. You will then have the
privilege of reading the best magazines pub-
lished, at the minimum cost of two cents a
day for one magazine.

Next Saturday, August 18th, the 2nd Sec-
tion will go out as follows: 7 B, 7 G, 4 B,
3B,5B,5G, 4G.

B 8762, Secretary. By B 8266.

Wm. Webber.

Dear Friend Pete:—Just a line to you and
all of the boys of the H. F. C. ;

I am doing well and can truly say thatI
think that every man that makes up his mind
to do right need have no trouble in getting
along. There is plenty of work and good
wages to be had; so no one need feel discour-
aged. If you personally know of one or two
good men who know anything of the line of
business that I am in (waiter), let me know,
and perhaps I can place them. I am captain
of this Club—over the waiters—and a word
from me would go towards securing a place
for a man—pantryman, buss boys and wait-
ers.

Please tell the officers and delegates that I
send my regards, hoping that I may soon see
you and many others.

Remember me to Mr. Reuben McKenty,
Chaplain and all.

Sincerely yours,

July 31, 1917. H. Ed. Percival.

There is an unquestionable record of hear-
ing the firing at Ypres at a distance of one
hundred and forty miles, and a somewhat
doubtful one of one hundred and fifty miles.
This is something remarkable.
