---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_137.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, August 22, 1917

TO SECURE LASTING
RESULTS IN PRISON WORK

Having an experience of nearly eighteen
years as judge on the bench, we feel that
Judge Ben B. Lindsey, of Denver, Col., needs
no introduction to our readers. He is a
strenuous advocate of using what might be
called the finer or diviner forces in handling
the erring, and his views on the subject, as
recently expressed to a representative of the
C. S. Monitor, are in part, as follows:

““When we want men to handle machines of
brass and iron or to paint canvas, or evoke
melody from the harp, we call forthe skilled.
We look for artists there. But who ever
asked for thehumanartist? We are beginning
to—yes. But how long delayed—how long
the struggle. We ought to have schools, or
courses in schools, for the training of men to
understand and handle men, to get the best
out of them, instead of the worst. There is
the Godlike and the beastlike in every man.
1 saw it in war-cursed Europe just as I saw
it in the prisons. The lessons, in human ex-
periences, are the same everywhere. There
are two forces in the world, violence and love.
They produce their kind. .

““There are two kinds of restraint in the
world. Oneis the restraint thatis self-im-
posed, that comes through the human heart,
from within, in response to light and truth.
It strenghtens men to stand up in the face of
temptations and do right because it is right,
because they want to. The other is the ar-
tificial restraint. It comes through chains
and stripes and iron barsfrom without, where
violence rules and men do right because they
have to. In our imperfections it is necessary
in some form to apply the artificial restraints,
but not with those methods of violence which
the State used in the past. Some think there

.should be exceptions, but the great rule is to
help and not hurt, uplift not degrade, love
not hate.

«“Now the changes in our prison system in
the last decade especially have proved that a
sane and sensible method based on the right
side of these fundamental ideas not only
works, but it is a far better remedy than the
old methods, not only to safeguard and pro-
tect society from the ravages of the weak
but also to redeem the unfortunates them-
selves.

““There is an intolerant conventionalism
that never thinks of the failure of jails. But
oh, how sensitive it is to criticize a seeming
failure of a new system,or old truth newly
applied. Love without justice may be senti-
ment and weakness, but there is no justice
without love. And that is what we are try-

ing to put into the law. It hasn’t been done
without a struggle. There is muchyet todo.

‘““Where over 75 out of every hundred boys
brought to jail returned to jail within five
years, generally a worse marauder and soci-
ety a worse victim, under the old system of
violence, now over 90 out of a hundred turn
out well.

“‘And it was even so in a very large meas-
ure with my friend Thomas Tynan, the ward-
en of Colorado’s penitentiary. He began
nearly 10 years ago to use the same methods
with men. His work in the road camps is a
classic of what can be done with men with-
out the old forces of violence. He came in
to tell me that in a road camp of convicts
where not even a firearm was permitted, they
had to get a gun. Almost alarmed, I asked
him why. ‘Well,” he said, ‘the natives
along the road got to robbing the convicts
and we had to get a gun to keep them off.’

““I think there should be expert examiners
or ‘understanders’ of so-called criminals in
every court. No man, woman or child should
be sent to a place of artificialrestraint unless
his mental and physical status shall be fully
understood by the warden. What we call the
feeble-minded, the perverted, need special
treatment. But we must have better means
of separating them, of understanding them.

““One thing is most evident. That is, that
no power on earth can stop the progress of
the world in its better understanding of men
and those forces by which men are most suc-
cessfully ruled. Nowhere is it showing up
better than in the prisons. The lesson will
hold good as to dealing with people every-
where. The warring nations themselves as
they see how the brutalities of violence in war
bring out the bestiality in men will, in these
lessons from prison reform find something to
follow when the forces of violence against
violence will have spent their strength and
the still small voice that yet survives brings

-back to earth the higher force of love.’’

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Athletics vs. Printers

REST]
Athleticsy =% 020420000—-8 14 0
Printers......... 000000300-3 ()
Cubs vs. Ninth
ResenE e k)
Cubs = riy 12000000 0-3 2 1

Ninth........ 00010070 001 5 4
Friday’s Games

Cubs vs. Ninth

NO. 33

Ris Hiuhs
Cubsiso 040300000—7 3 1
INHREh SR 010000000—1 1 2

Athletics vs. Printers

R HE
Athletics........ 01200000 0-3 Sl
Printers......... 00020000 0-—2 &t

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The regular weekly meetings of the Board
of Governors and the Board of Delegates
were held on Monday and Tuesday respect-
ively, of last.week, but there was little but
routine business transacted. In the last del-
egate’s meeting the attention of the Chair-
man (A 8432) was called to the fact that the
bulletin service had fallen lately into what
the late President Cleveland aptly described
as ‘‘a state of inmocuous desuetude.’’ Pete
said he would look into the matter, and he
did so, with the result that our able and chiv-
alrous treasurer (B 7983) has volunteered
to see that bulletins giving the pulse of the
world are posted daily. So let’s hope that
in the future there will be more facts and
fewer rumors going the rounds.

The outing of the 2nd Section on Saturday
afternoon was an unqualified success. The
day was an ideal one for such an outing, and
although we didn’t get very far, it was far
enough to thoroughly enjoy ourselves. The
air was like wine, with a pleasantly warm
sun to put a taug in it, while Professor Wie-
gandt’s well and favorably known band add-
ed the final bead to it; and we all stood or
sat around drinking it in, both air and music,
with delight. It was a red-letter afternoon.

It was just the kind of day to make Pete
feel like marching, and he was restrained
with difficulty from making a third trip
around, but as certain of our leaders were
beginning to show signs of distress, he gen-
erously consented to stop. We must award
the palm to the 7th Block as being the best
marchers of the day, bit we regret to say it
can only be a second-class one, as the 2nd
Section still lag far behind the 1st as con-
tenders for marching honors. The look of the
column at times on Saturday afternoon would
have made a drill sergeant quit and go home.
Some were strolling along as though they
were looking for daisies, others lagging as
though they were on the way to execution
and in no particular hurry to get there. You
must straighten up, boys, and keep a sharper
eye on your alignment. A few men out of
place can make the whole thing look like a
““movie’” mob. There’s still time this sum-
mer to tighten up and beat the 1st Section;
so why not try it? ;

: (Continued on page 4.)
