---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_138.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

m————-—“__—_“
——-—————-——————_ﬁ_—_—

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. X

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, August 22, 1917.

““Those who preach should beg God to give
them loveenough to seethe needs of the erring.’’

MAN'SVALUE GREATER THAN SILVER

Man has been likened to a piece of silver;
he may be of some value to those with whom
he comes in contact by his example and influ-
ence, and by the services he may render unto
others, making himself valuable to all those
with whom he is related.

The value of a man lies in what he is
worth to those with whom he comes in con-
stant touch. For instance: How much are
you worth to your wife and children? how
much to your friends and neighbors, and
those with whom you have business rela-
tions? And the same with your community,
state and county.

Again: How much does your presence
mean to those who need your help? Think a
moment, then ask yourself the question as
to ycur value. Perhaps you are like the lost
coin of Bible lore; that you have lost your
fellowship with man because you have not

rendered the valuable service to others that

you were in position to render, and did not.

If we recall the story of the lost coin, it
will be remembered that it was down and out
of service, lying in the dirt; but its owner
felt that it was too valuable to remain in
disuse, so she sought to recover it from the
dust heap.

What a great blessing it would be if all
could feel that way about the man who is
down and out, so to speak, for he is too valu-
able to God and to his brethren to be left in
the rubbish heap. For in that state he is not
fulfilling the law of service, and he is worse
than wasted if he is not making himself of
value to those around him.

How many men forget all that, and throw
themselves away! adding their treasure,
their love, their strength, with which they
could enrich the lives of all those about
them! -

Oh! for the power to awaken the com--

mon strength that lies within us; for every
one is to some extent like the lost coin; we
need some one to find us, in the sense of our
seeing our value and making others see it as
well as ourselves.

‘What a great joy will come to the one who
is able to light- the candle of love, that it
may show forth the value of men who seem
valueless! Their reward will be greater than
many precious jewels and much fine gold.
For we can not afford to have them going to
waste—to waste themselves—for they are
indeed too valuable to be lost in the dust
heap of sin and ignorance.

A PRISON PRESS REVIEW

The Civic Herald, published at Norwood,
Mass., following the excellent example set
by The Outlook and the Literary Digest, has
given several columns of the July issue to an
article reviewing the prison press and its
literature. The writer is of the opinion that
the periodicals edited and the articles written
by the inmates of penal institutions clearly
‘‘show that prisoners are not totally bad.’’
Which would indicate that the reviewer had
but recently found out the truth of his state-
ment.

The writer goes on to say that “‘in the inner
being of many a so-called criminal, there are
strong yearnings for rightful understanding
—rightful relations with their brethren of
the outer world, and an earnest search for
truth. .

All of which is well said and true. The
writer avers that no fair-minded man ‘‘ecan
read these human publications without say-
ing, ‘Give them a fair chance to come back,’”’
or in other words to rehabilitate themselves
in the eyes of the world.

““Of the twenty-five thousand publications
issued in this country every year, few are as
unique and interesting as the magazines pub-
lished by the inmates of our penal institu-
tions. Printed on good stock, wyitten in
excellent English, ably edited and attract-
ively made up, these typographical spokes-
men of the little worlds behind the granite
walls are distinet contributions to our con-
temporary field of journalism.

It was not so very long ago, that the pris-
oner was regarded as a permanent outcast
by society. It was society that cast him be-
hind barred windows, dressed him in striped
clothing and ostracised him from the rest of
the world with an inexorable revenge that
persisted long after the sentence had ex-
pired and still persists in some communities.
But time is changing all this for the better.

‘‘A single glance atany of the prison papers
softens the heart of the most severe judge
of the convict. In its columns we find ar-
ticles, short stories, bits of verse, chips of
philosophy, and editorials that bespeak the
innermost feelings of the writers. Placed
behind the prison walls because of a break in
fairness with the world, deprived of the
brightness of liberty, labelled with a stigma
so often impossible of erasure, these men
write from the depths of their hearts. Their
expressions are those that come of adversity
—cries of souls that seem to shout, ‘we are
men, we’ve done wrong, we’re _paying the

-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

penalty with shame and ostracism, but—we
are men, and want to take our place beside
men again.’

‘“The lump that comes to one’s throat after
reading some of the splendid articles of ap-
peal for a higher, a purer life, is sure to
bring out full compassion for the man who is
imbued with a sincere desire to live down
his past—to live a new life. The prison
press has achieved one thing if nothing more:
it has taught the world that granite and iron
bars do not ossify the finer stuff in man. In
the inner being of the so-called eriminal there
are yearnings for rightful understanding, and
earnest searching for the truth. No man
can read these human publications without
saying, ‘Give them a fair chance to come
back.’’’ :

BISHOP WOODCOCK ON WORRY

‘““Worry weakens the heart and hardens
the arteries. It destroys more than rum or
vice. It is as sinful as drinking or gambling.
It is a cowardly thing, a sign of personal
weakness.’’

So saith Bishop Woodeoek, of Kentucky,
and we think he is right, says a writer in
the Evening Telegraph.

Not many generations ago a boy had to ac-
quire a taste for whiskey before he was con-
sidered a man. Nowadays many people think
they must acquire the worry habit to show
they are serious, responsible citizens.

The habitual use of opium_is not more
deadly or unnecessary than than the custom
of worrying about something all the time.
In fact opium is said to give one a brief pe-
riod of pleasure. Worry is 100 per cent.
loss. :

OUR RESPECTABLE CITIZENS

A writer in the Worth While Magazine
avers that it may not be far out of the way
to predict that before the war with Germany
ends, a number of our so-called ‘‘respectable
citizens’’ will be looking through the bars of
a prison cell from within. :

“And it won’t be for ordinary treason, ei-
ther,”” says the writer. ‘‘It won’t be for
giving aid and comfort to the enemy, but for
wilful, brutal injury to their own countrymen.

““The man who, for the sake of personal |
gain, will see the poorin want and children
