---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_139.jpg
---
M
- ——

hungry, hasno place even in hell, with a traitor.
The man who will take advantage of the
poor in time of stress or war and by adulter-
ating food, manipulating prices and speculat-
ing in food and other necessities, so as to cre-
ate a shortage that causes distress and suf-
fering, is the worst kind of a criminal in or
out of jail. ‘It is an ill wind that blows no-
body good,’ and out of this world war, even,
many good things will come and one of them
will be the ability of the American people to
take care of themselves.’’

THE LAW OF SERVICE

I would remind you:

There are certain fundamental laws of life

that can not be disregarded with impunity.
One of these is the law of service.
- Human beings, considered individually, are
weak, helpless atoms in the whirling universe.
This is self-evident, at least as regards the
first years of life. Unless service were then
rendered by older human beings the race of
man would soon become extinct.

Hence the institution of the family, giving
assurance that, until they are old enough to
fare forth on their own account, the young
will be served and protected by those who
have brought them into the world.

But even the assurance of the familyis not
of itself sufficient for human welfare and
survival. To this end there must be united
effort and mutual service by many fami-
lies.

Consequently there has been a gradually
large grouping into clans, tribes, and nation-
alities. These have prospered and grown
strong, not simply by reason of climatic and
other favoring material factors, but also in
proportion as they have appreciated and
acted in accordance with the law of serv-
ice.

Let the members of a clan, tribe, or na-
tionality ignore this law, let them lead self-
ishly individual lives, and they at once ex-
pose themselves to subjugation by some rival
social group. Only in union, only in service
for the common good, is lasting strength to be
found.

This is something that every one of us
should recognize and put into practise at all
times. Today its recognition and practical
application are of more vital import than
ever before.

Today we find ourselves plunged into the
greatest war in the history of the world. It
is not a war of our seeking. But, for our
own safety, and for the sake of justice,
right, and the safety of civilization, we have
had to take part in it.

To win this war it will not be enough to
send out upon the ocean many fighting ships,
and to send to the battle-front great armies
of fighting men. Service for the winning of
the war must be rendered by those who stay
at homeno less than those who must go
abroad to fight.

There must literally be universal service.

THE UMPIRE

Everybody can do something, everybody
must do something, to aid in insuring nation-
al safety and success. Today the one great
question in everybody’s mind ought to be:

‘‘Just what can I personally do that will
best serve my country?’’

There are many, itis to be feared, who
have not yet really asked themselves this
question.

Some have failed to ask it because they
are lacking in true patriotism, and are wholly
concerned with thoughts of self—petty, sor-
did, even ignoble thoughts. :

- More, though at heart patriotic enough,
have not asked this question because they do
sense the gravity of the situation.

Taking for granted that all will be. well,
they leave to others the duty and responsibil-
ity of rendering effective service. This is no
way to win the greatest of all wars.

—H. Addington Bruce.

HELP THE OTHER MAN OUT

Did you ever consider the effort
That some people make to advance?

If they had to depend upon their knowledge
They could never hope for a chance.

But some one behind them is pushing
And for pointers are always about,

When you furnish the brains and the muscle.
Then you’re helping the other man out.

Some day it will come to an issue,
And another adjustment be made,
And the fellow that’s now on the summit
Will enter the primary grade.
It’s experience, knowledge and wisdom
That in time will bring all things about,
But you seldom get much recognition
When you’re helping the other man out.
We all need each other’s assistance,
At some time we all need a friend.
No man can be independent,
We all have to borrow or lend.
Don’t try to impose on another,
Nor undue advantage e’er take,
A leap in the dark may undo you,
Then perhaps you will see the mistake.

I see from my house by the side of the road,
By the side of the highway of life,

The men who press with the ardor of hope,
The men who are faint with the strife,

But I turn not away from the smiles nor the

tears,

Both part of an infinite plan,

Let melive in my house by the side of the road
And help the other man out.

TRANSFERRING PHOTOS TO WOOD

A recent issue of the FElectrical FExperi-
menter gives the following method of trans-
ferring pictures to wood as follows:

‘Dissolve salt in soft water; float your pho-
to print on the surface, picture side up; let
it remain about an hour. The wood should
be of bird’s-eye maple or other light-colored
hardwood. Varnish with the best copal or
transfer varnish.

. lawsof civilization.

S

Take the picture from the water, dry a
little between linen rags; then put the engrav-
ing, picture side down, on the varnished
wood, and smooth it nicely. If the picture
entirely covers the wood after the margin is
cut off, so that no varnish is exposed, lay
over it a thin board and heavy weight; leave
it thus over night. If you wish but a small
picture in the center of the wood apply the
varnish only to a space the size of the pie-
ture. Dip your forefinger in salt and water,
and commence rubbing off the paper; the
nearer you come to the picture the more
careful you must be, as a hole would spoil
your work.

A MORO REGIMENT

No more impressive tribute to General Per-
shing as a soldier of freedom can be imagined
than the fact that a Moro regiment is being
organized in the Philippines for possible serv-

‘ice under his command in France, saysa writer

in the N. Y. Evening Mail. ,

When the Moros in 1902-3 arose in rebellion
against the authority of the United States,
to Pershing was assigned the task of restor-
ing order in the province and asserting the
Pershing did his soldier-
ly duty in soldierly fashion. When the fight-
ing was over, however, the conqueror of the
Moros became their friend. By his moder-
ation, his calm justice and his freedom from

~ rancor, he won from the Moros the same re-

spect that he had won in an earlier phase of
his military career from the Indians whom he
had fought.

And now the Moros are rallying to Pershing.

They are planning to fight for the triumph
of the flag which they sought to banish from
their land in the past decade.

The conversion of the Moros to friendship
for America is a high compliment to Pershing,
It is a recognition of the disintrested spirit
in which America has striven to make the
people of the Philippines fit for freedom.

LUMINOUS LIFEBELT

In the darkness of a storm at sea, many a
shipwrecked person, clinging to a life pre-
server, has finally despaired and gone down ,
for lack of means by which he or she could
signal to rescuers. This fact has recently
prompted the invention of a luminous life-
belt, by a resident of New York city. It is
made in either circular or folding form, and
firmly strapped to it are two electric flash-
lights, thoroughly insulated against contact
with the water and operated by a conveniently
located button. The two lights are placed
some distance apart so that if one is submerged
the other probably will project above the
water. The flashing signal of such a life belt
would many times attract attention when a
person clinging to an ordinary preserver

would be undiscovered in the darkness. :

ODE TO MR. MOUSE

I wake in the night,
I hear a noise so queer.
It’s the little gray mouse
That most females fear.
I lay quietly down,
But around the room peep,
And hear the sound of gnawing paper
As the penitentiary sleeps.
—B 8312.
