---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_140.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE "

I e et e
e T e e e R

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pect. WP ets

Cubs A2 515 R3] Athletics 24N S SEA T

Ninth 30 27 526 Printers 18 39 316
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. S 7:Pct. Wo L " Pct

New York 70 38 648 Chicago 59 .55 518

Philies 58 47 552 Brooklyn SRS ATT

St. Louis 60 54 526 Boston 46 59 438

Cincinatti 62 57 521 Pittsburg 3776321
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W Pet? W. L. Pect

Chicago 73 456 619 New York 54 58 482

Boston 69 45 605 Washingt’'n 53 60 469

Cleveland 64 56 533 St. Louis AbEReT) NS RY

Detroit 60 56 517 Athletics 42 68 382

(Continued from page 1.)

Dan and Al, the Klub Komedians, were very
much on the job. Dan’s costume was proba-
bly intended to represent an American ‘‘Sam-
mee’’ and his Teuton prisoner; while Al
seemed a cross between a bellboy and a page
from the Court Circular. He caused the
spectators much distress from their fear
that he would break through his costume at
some vital point.

The ball game kept the usual crowd of
fans interested during the afternoon. Not
being a devotee of the sport, we are unable
to enterinto the fine points of the game, but
judging from the noise with the yells of
“‘robber’’ and ‘‘take him out’’ that went up
at frequent intervals we can easily judge that
both spectators and participants thoroughly
enjoyed themselves. The scores? What’s a
score anyway between fricnds? suffice it;
that in the collision between the Garage
Stars and the 4th Block Stars, the latter
were almost totally eclipsed. Not wishing to
“rub it in’’ we will refrain from- publishing
to a ribald world the score by which they
were beaten; it was a nice mouth filling fig-
ure. But the 4th Block, stung by its defeat,
sent in a second team, and after a hard
fought battle with the 5th Gallery, left their
adversaries feeling very subdued, with a 9 to
6 score hung on them. Which proves that
anybody can ‘‘come back’’ if they try hard
enough. '

Some absent-minded person or persons—we
prefer to think them only absent-minded—
eloped with a couple of the Club mitts. These
“‘absent-minded beggars’’ would do well to
remember that others besides themselves
like to play ball, and that the Club can not
afford to be constantly buying gloves and
mitts. So try to be more careful. We would
advise their return at once, with as good an
excuse as possible.

Both the Warden and our President ex-
pressed pleasure at the perfect order main-
tained on the previous Saturday when both
were absent; and both stated that we need
have no fear of any Saturdays being skipped
in the future by reason of theirbeing absent,

if we continue to live up to so fine a prece-
dent. Which we are sure will be done, since
it would be a very poor grade of man, in-
deed, who would through his selfishness de-
prive his fellows of their privileges. And we
hope the Club harbors no such persons.

The 1st Section goes out next Saturday, Au-

. gust 25th, as follows: 11-10-1-9-8-6 B, 6 G

12 B, 12-1,12-2G.
— B 8266.

The following article is the gist of an in-
teresting talk with A 8432, the Honor and
Friendship Club’s Vice-President, in which
he tells us how he has been able to keep him-
self in such good health, during his many
years 6f confinement in this institution. The
results of his careful, clean and upright liv-
ing, under - conditions and circumstances
characteristic of institutions of this kind,
and his ideas for the preservations of one’s
health, not only applies to “‘insiders’” but to
the people of the outside world as well, and
are well worth thinking over and adopting.

“CLEANLINESS, is, to my way of think-
ing, the most important factor to be con-
sidered, if one wishes to preserve and pro-
long one’s health. CLEAN thinking will
help you a lot, morally and physically speak-
ing. Keep your body clean, and when you
have the privilege of a bath, take a bath; do

not go through with it as if it was a simple.

matter of routine. Did you ever, after a
week’s work, see the dust on a machine?
Well, our bodies are the'same, and the parts
necessarily neglected should be cleaned, for
it is an important factor in the preservation
of your health. Clean your teeth at least
once a day or so, because the collection of
whitish like substance is an enemy to your
digestive powers, and one of indigestion’s
important allies. CHEW your food properly,
only thorough mastication will ward off in-
digestion. Remember that your stomach di-
gests your food by a method entirely differ-
ent, but it has not teeth, nor the power in-
vested in them, so if you masticate your
food properly, your stomach will perform its
duties without: DIZZINESS, HEADACHE,
HEARTBURN, PAINS IN THE STOMACH,
LAZINESS, LACK OF AMBITION, and
without any of that nonsense, such as: ‘I
don’t feel good, doctor,’’ and all such. Clean
yourself and your wearing apparel regularly
each week, and you will be an example that
others may copy after, and profit thereby by
your cleanliness. Some mornings we arise
from our beds, perhaps we have had a very
bad night, we feel drowsy and yes, a little
‘“‘sick’’ somewhere or the other; you send
for the doctor, when really the best doctor I
know in such cases is this: stand beneath
your window, and draw into your lungs, the
sweet, fresh morning air; twenty long deep
breaths are enough and plenty in most cases
of this ‘‘imagined sickness.”” Eut some-
times you have treated your stomach very
rudely, and disregarded, conscious or uncon-
scious of their meaning, every rule concern-

ing the case of this organ; if such is the
case, then call the doctor by all means; you
need him. When he comes to you, answer
his questions quickly, and as accurate as pos-
sible; he will give you medicine, if you need
it, and knows whether or not you do, but if
he gives you medicine to take, listen to his
directions of taking it, and do so, for he
knows his medicines and their relative pow-
ers, and a man is foolish in the extreme, if
he once doubts this man, the only barrier be-
tween him and the destruction of his health,
and perhaps—— During my time here I have
heard many stories about the man who knows
more than the doctor; one instance I will
cite: the doctor left this man medicine one
morning, with directions of how to take this
medicine, so that it would do him the most
good, this man wasn’t satified with the slow
results, and he took nearly one-fifth of the
entire amount at once; he thought he was
putting one over on the doctor, when in real-
ity he put a serious one over on his entire
system, but he didn’t understand it that way
and said that such medicine was no good; no
wonder it wasn’t any good to him, he dis-
obeyed instructions, he thought he knew
more than the man who is employed here in
that capacity.

*‘Doctor Hassell, to the best of my knowledge
has always endeavored to do all in his péwer
towards making our lives happy and content-
ed, because a healthy life is contentment
and all that goes with it. When your body
is comfortable, your mind and yourself are
comfortable too. Try to observe these care-
ful rules that I have always lived up to dur-
ing my 22 years of experience in this place,
and I am sur2 that you will - profit by them;
there are plenty others, and Doctor Hassel
will gladly tell you, if you display any eager-
ness to learn. After you have tried clean
living for awhile, the higher things of life
will appeal to you, and you will come to shun
evil thoughts and their consequent endings.
You will find no better reformer than those
simple rules quoted above. They will give
you an idea of the better side of life, the side
one gets pure, wholesome enjoyment from,
and derives pleasure and happiness, instead
of this.

RARE SKILL SHOWN IN REPAIR WORK

A splendid example of the master cabinet-
maker’s art of ornate inlaid work, in the
form of a center-table, is to be seen at the
workshop of B 5735 and B 8593, on the 6th
Block, at this institution, where it has under-
gone a complete renovation, and is now in
every respect like new. The table is an an-
tique of unique design, the top of which is a
perfect marvel of inlaid work of rich woods,
showing unusual skill in its artistic concep-
tion and finish. It should be seen to be ap-
preciated. '

FOR SALE—Necktie machine. Does excel-

lent work. Will sell to quick buyer for
$15.00. B 5322, Seventh Block.
