---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_141.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, August 29, 1917

NO. 34

SONG SERVICE BY INMATE
CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA

The inmate choir and orchestra gave their
monthly entertainment of sacred song and
music at this institution on Sunday after-
noon last. The selections were most pleas-
ing and well suited to satisfy the varied taste
of the assembled guests and inmates.

Chaplain Joseph Welch was present and

gave a brief but pleasing address to those in |

attendance. The service was concluded by
the singing of ‘‘America’’ by all present.
The program was as follows:
PROGRAM

1. Hymn No. 131 (R. B.) Lizzie S. Tourjee
a) —There’s a Wideness in God’s Mercy
b) —Trust and Obey, (R. B. 190)

Hymn No. 204 (R. B.)
a) —Rock of ‘Ages

- b)—How Firm a Foundation (R.B. 215)
38 Hymn No. 141 (B.S.) Wm.J.Kirkpatrick
a) —When Love Shines In
b) —Nothing Held Back, (B.S.135)

Hymn No. 168 (B.S.) B.D. Ackley
a)—Song of the Sunbeams
b)—The Lord is King, (B.S. 178)

A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor

2 Hastings

4.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Ninth vs. Printers

Wed}lesday’s game at the Garage grounds
between the Ninth and Printers,opened with
four runs for the former team; after that
things continued to favor them until the fin-
ish. Charlie did mound duty for the Ninth,
striking ont 6 and allowing 2 hits and 2 walks.
Billy pitched for ihe Printers, allowing 4
passes and 6 hits, striking out 8.

Ra 40 K.
NIRRT ESRO0R0R00R02050-—- 7" 16" 2
Printers......... OSISOS28OR00S0 0-=3 = =2+ 1

Two-base hits—Tony, Sheehan and B 7728.
Umpires—Eddie and Windy.

Athletics vs. Cubs

The Athletics played good ball at the
Storehouse game on Wednesday, beating the
Cubs to the tune of 5-3. The latter team
worked hard to overcome their opponents,
but it was of no avail, the Athletics proved
too strong for them. Charlie wasin the box
for the last named team, striking out 4,
walked 1 and allowing 5 hits. Harvey
pitched for the Cubs and was found for 7hits,
passed 2 and struck out 8.

Rt
Athletics........ 004100000-5 .7 0
Cubse. oo 100101000-3 5 0
Home runs—Jordan and D.C.
Three-base hits—Mack, Richmond and

Spookie.
Two-base hits—Mooney, Slick and Spockie.
Umpires—Banks and Jimmie.

Friday’s Games

Cubs vs. Athletics

The Cubs shut out the Athletics at the
Storehouse-grounds on Friday and played a
good game of ball from start to finish. Jor-
dan’s double play and the three-base hit by
Jacoby, added to the life of the contest.
Jacoby pitched for the Athletics, holding the
Cubs down to 4 hits, striking out 7. Harvey
pitched for the Cubs. He struck out 8, walk-

ed 3 and was found for 5 hits.

' IR, 6L, 1D
Cubs. o 0100001002 4 0
Athletics...... 000000000—-0 5 1

Double play—Jordan.

Three-base hit—Jacoby.

Two-base hits—Mickie and Spookie.
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Printers vs. Ninth

The Printers won a well-played game from
the Ninth at the Garage grounds on Fri-
day. Boston’s work in the box for the team
was exceptionally good, though he was giv-
en only fair support by his teammates. He
struck out 16 and allowed 1 pass and 2 hits.
Reds pitched for the Ninth, striking out 9,
walked 3, and was found for 7 hits. The
game was interesting to those who like to
see a well-played game.

R.
Printers......... 102000100—4
NG G )N 00200000 0—2
Two-base hit— Sheehan.

Umpires—Jimmie and Windy.

o =3 [T
om.m

Monday’s Games

Athleties vs. Cubs

Monday’s game played at the Storehouse
grounds between the Cubs and Ninth re-
sulted in a close victory for the Athleties.
The teams were well matched and each
seemed anxious to pull out the winning
score. Harvey pitched for the Cubs, strik-
ing out 5, walking 2, with 4 hits. Charlie
No. 1 was at the mound for the Athletics,
making 9 strike-outs and allowing but 1 hit.

RO
Athlervies.--.... 000110010-3 4 O
GCubskrl it 000100100—-2 1 il

Double play—Chick.

Two-base hits—D. C. 2, Harvey and Hagy.
Umpires—Fred and Barrington.
Printers vs. Ninth

The Printers tied the score in the ninth
inning at Monday’s game played at the
Garage grounds. Previous to that it looked
like the Ninth’s game. Bobbie did good work
at the mound for the Printers, striking out
18, with one walk and 5 hits. B 8601 pitched
for the Ninth. He struck out 7, walked 3
and was found for 4 hits.

REEHEEl

Printerstisies 000001021—4 bl
NI s 1202070525081 0" 0=—4 5 3

Two-base hits— Billie 2, Johnie and Boston.
Umpires—Banks and Windy.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the meeting of the Board of Governors,
Monday, August 20th, but little of interest
transpired. . The repayment by B 6765 of a
loan of $5.00 was announced. Other applica-
tions for loans were held over for investiga-
tion. It was also decided that applications
for loans by those going out on parole, or
otherwise, should not be handed in until
within ten days of the date of release. Del-
egates, please take notice. A ruling was
made that no one be permitted on the Club
grounds on Saturday afternoons, except those
from the blocks and galleries whose turn it is
to be out that day; and that no extra men be
taken out, other than those due to be re-
leased during the first half of the following
week. Those who are out on Saturday af-
ternoons through agencies other than the
H. F. C. must stay on their own side of the
fence: we can not be responsible for them.
If found on the Club grounds they will be
courteously, but firmly, escorted inside; and
may find it hard to get out again. Also all
persons on the Club grounds must go in when
the bugle blows, without exception.

The meeting of the delegates on Tuesday,
August 21st, was fully attended. The Treas-
urer’s report showed a balance of $111.85 in
the Treasury, which was very gratifying,
and augurs well for the incorruptible integ-
rity of the gentleman holding that responsi-
ble position. It was announced by the Chair-
man, A 8432, that B 8226, delegate for the
6th Block, was leaving on Monday, the 27th
inst., and a rising vote of thanks for his
services to the Club was given him. He
takes with him the Club’s best wishes for
his future welfare.

On Tuesday afternoon, the delegates en-
gaged the band on the Garage ball grounds,
and under the captaincy of B 8263, with B
5099 as manager and ‘‘twirler,’’ showed their
opponents, led by B 8099, that they could at

(Continued on page 4.)
