---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_142.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

3 14

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, August 29, 1917.

““The value of o man is wholly in the serv-
ice he renders to the world.’’

PLACING THE BLAME

One may read much in the newspapers
these days about the dual life of man and its
evil consequences. But how about the woman?
Is she always the innocent victim of design-
ing man? Not so if the truth is brought to
light as in a raid that was made on a
fashionable cafe, recently, at a prominent
seaside resort clearly shows. Upward of a
hundred young women and their escorts were
placed under arrest, many well under the in-
fluence of liquor. As soon as it was realized
that a raid was b2ing made and that the
women were caught in the police net, howls
of despair and rage rent the air, and tearful
appeals were made for release, but to no
purpose; the dining and wining had been
overdone and the victims were bundled off
to the station house in patrol wagons.

It developed that a majority of the young
women were of so-called good families and
that a number were married, some but re-
cently, which does not flatter the gentler
sex, to say the least. If that were not
enough to cause the thinker serious misgiv-
ing on our present social status, another case
of recent occurrence in Brooklyn, N. Y.,
might be cited to convince the doubter that

all is far from right in the social trend of.

today.

The case in point is that of a  young busi-
ness man while on the way to keep a business
engagement, happened to have his attention
attracted by a couple just ahead of him who
passed into the ‘‘ladies’ entrance’’ of a popu-
lar cafe. The young man whose suspicions
were aroused, passed around to the main en-
trance of the cafe, and entering, bought a
cigar and a drink and passed to the rear,
stopping at the door of a room where a fa-
milar voice came floating through. To wrench
open the door was the next impulse too strong
to resist. And the shock of seeing a supposed
faithful wife drinking in the company of
a stranger—to him— aroused all his latent
fury, with the result that a tragedy followed
which was recorded in tbe daily papers.

What a pitiful showing of modern social

conditions! Can it be wondered at that many
are gravely wondering as to where it all
will end?

KNOCKING AND KICKING

In looking for trouble one never has to
turn many corners to meet it, and at any
open window one may ventilate a grievance.
The habit of finding fault is entirely too
common, and it is insidious. It grows by
what it feeds on, and one grouch leads to an-
other, says an editorial writer in the Public
Ledger.

If you choose a comrade for a camping
party or a journey, you choose him as men
elect a fellow-member of a club—for the
companionable qualities. Nor are these traits
by any means the monopoly of the clever or
the prominent or the ‘‘successful’”’ people.
Some persons make themselves wanted every-
where by the sheer power to sympathize.
They are not tiresomely bright. They do not
scintillate in epigrams. But they radiate
good nature. They do not fuss. They laugh
away a trifling accident and they turn a
cheery face to each new day.

The grouchy people half the time are not
aware of their chronic condition, any more
than those who are habitually profane are
conscious of the lurid language they dispense
so freely.

This is a human .world. Its institutions
are mortal and fallible. The structure of
man’s hands is fragile and constantly falls
into disrepair. One can not long leave any
part of the universal machine and be sure
that on coming back it will be just the same.
And therefore let allowances be made.
‘‘Judge not that ye be not judged.”” With a
sour severity we lay down the law whereby
“they’’ should walk. What about ourselves?
Are we altogether perfect?

Constructive critics are always necessary.
But ten critics to one man who works are
about as useful as ninety umpires would be
at a ball game. There may be too much of a
good thing in a thousand connections in this
sublunary sphere.

We may run out of milk or eggs or flour
or beef or nitroglycerin: we shall never run
out of critics. For the man who thinks he
knows is as numerous as the order of the
compositee among the flowers of the field.
And rarely is he willing to suppress that con-
sciousness and keep it a trade secret. He
must proclaim it from the housetops. He
must find a hearer. Even a wife beater is
disappointed if he does rot draw a crowd..

Let some of the energy devoted to fault-
finding be converted into forwarding useful
enterprises and getting something done that
the world wants done. Let there be instrue-
tion and construction. A good teacher—who
is a creative teacher—does not snarl. He
smiles and hopes and is an optimist. Is his
sunny serenity a fool’s paradiz¢? The mis-
anthrope is ever ready to tell him so. But
the mi-anthrop., since his life is on the wrong

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celepbrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

basis, is left behind in the pilgrimage of life.
Those who aspire with a smile are those who
arrive.

ENLIST OR DEPORT THE ALIEN

In the United States there are hundreds of
thousands of able-bodied men from Great
Britain, France, Russia, Italy, Greece, Ser-
bia and Rumania.

Their Governments are officially at war
with and have conscripted their populations
to combat the Teutonic alliance. But their
subjects and citizens in America are avoiding
service.

Today we are preparing to send millions
of our boys to the front. Yet certain trea-
ties make it impossib’e to draft the unnatu-
ralized subjects of our allies.

Those treaties were adopted when no states-
men had conceived of a war in which more
than half the world would be allied against
virtually all the rest. So they are as much
out of date as the flintlock musket.

America is not going to tear up the trea-
ties, but she is going to surmount the ob-
stacle which they present. Aliens from our
allied countries are likely to have the choice
soon of fighting in the American Army or
going back home. -

The proposal is 100 per cent fair. What
can be said for the man who slinks behind
while others die in his behalf?

A BROTHER BACK HOME

Heretofore women have had a monopoly of
the self-imposed tasks of looking after the
welfare of the soldiers and sailors, providing
them with necessities and luxuries that Uncle
Sam does not deem necessary to the equip-
ment of a man in the ranks, says a writer in
the Pitisburgh Sun. Lately the stay-at-home
men have been giving thought to the subject
of helping the lads at the front or those who
may soon be there.

From New Jersey comes the report of the
inauguration of a movement to provide the
men who are fighting with ‘‘a pal back
home.’” Thus far it is confined to New Jer-
sey, and the effort is to see that every man
who is in service has some one at home to
whom he can write, give commissions with
some assurance that they will be carried out,
who will send local papers to him, see that
