---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_143.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

e

he is provided with tobacco and other com-
forts. In fact the idea is to have the man at
home do for the man at the front just about
what a brother would.

This seems to be a praiseworthy movement,
and one that should appeal to men. That
there is an opening for some such organiza-
tion is evident. A man at the front can
communicate with a man at home, and do it
with much more freedom than would be pos-
sible if his correspondent were a strange
woman, and up to this time they were the
only persons who had considered assisting
soldiers in this manner.

Upon the ‘‘pal back home’’ would devolve
a sacred duty, and no one should enter upon
the activity wichout weighing the seriousness
of the obligation. But this very importance
imparts to the movement an element of
value, and recommends it to the men who will
remain at home.

THE FIRST MATCHES

How little does the average man think to-
day when he strikes a match on the parlor
paint or on the nice upholstery of a railroad
train to light his pipe, cigar or cigarette,
that it is less than 100 years since he had to
rub two bricks or something together to get
the same igniteful result.

As a matter of fact, some of us old-timers
can still see grandpap as he stood with a
chunk of flint in one hand, a bit of steel in
the other and a look of hope on his face try-
ing to start something in the way of smoke.

We can stilt hear what grandpap said, too,
when the spzrker didn’t spark, but, perhaps,
we had better let that part of it slide.

And dear old grandma down on her knees
trying to put life into the kitchen stove with
the same tools! How she knocked the tin-
der. How she blew, but it is greatly to her
credit that she didn’t sing the rough stuff
that grandpa did.

And then along came John Walker an Eng-
lishman, an apothecary, ete., with the first
match. What a blessing to tinder-knockers
was that same John! Juggling with his
drugs one day John dropped a solution that
took fire at the first splash. Immediately
John dropped some more to make sure that
it wasn’t the hard cider, and a short time
later the first matches appeared on the mar-
ket at a shilling for a box of fifty.

John got so busy making matches at this

attractive figure that he hadi’t the time to

either get his invention patented or to watch
Ike Holden. The result was that Ike soon
blew in with a little match factory of his
own. Ike was a Reading schoolmaster.
Reading, England, of course, not Pennsyl-
vania. He claimed to have made the lucifer
discovery at the same time John did.
Naturally, matches soon dropped “in price
from a shilling for fifty to a penny. That
was around about 1827. Now they will give
them to you in most every part of the world
without even asking you to take an affidavit
toread the advertisement on the box.

THE SWEET, PLAIN WORDS

Think not that strength lies in the big, round
word, : :
Or that the brief and plain must needs be
weak.
To whom can this be true who once has
heard
The cry for help, the tongue that all men
speak, :
When want, or woe, or fear is at the throat,
So that each word gasped out is like a
shriek
Pressed from the sore heart, or strange, wild
note
Sung by some fay or fiend?
strength
Which dies if stretched too far or spun too
fine, "
Which has more height than breadth, more
depth than length.
Let but this force of thought and speech
be mine, :
And he that will may have the sleek, fa
phrase,
Which glows and burns not, though it
gleam and shine;
Light, but not heat—a flash without a blaze.
Nor is it mere strength that the short word
boasts;
It serves of more than fight or storm to
tell—
The roar of waves that dash the rock-bound
coasts,
The crash of tall trees when the wild winds
swell.

There is a

The roar of guns, the groans of men that die

On blood-stained fields. It has a voice, as

well,
For them that weep, for them that mourn
the dead,
For them that laugh and dance and clasp the
hand,
To Joy’s quick step, as well as grief’s low
tread, >
The sweet, plain words we learn at first keep
time,
And though the theme be sad or gay or
grand, <Al
With each, with all, these may be made to
chime
In thought, or speech, or song, or prose,
or rhyme.

— New York Maxal.

A REMARKABLE MARRIAGE CONTEST

One of the most interesting of marriage
contests took place in Italy a short time ago.
A wealthy Neapolitan named Tesino offered
his name and fortune to the young woman
who could best please his palate by her co0oKk-
ing of macaroni. Tesino was good-looking
and rich, and there were over 150 entries in
the contest. Tesino tasted the dishes of mae-
aroni that were presented to him, and then
carefully looked over the contestants.
Whether or not he chose entirely by the
taste of his favorite dish was never found

out, but he led the lucky winner to the altar
soon afterwards, declares a writer in The
Uplift. :

Some time ago Miss Elizabeth Magie, a
young Washington woman, decided, in order
to obtain money for voice-culture, to raffle
herself asa ‘‘slave for life ”” at so much a
chance. Before the contest was completed,
however, a suitor presented himself. Miss
Magie had met him during tho contest, but
he objected to her carrying out her plan of
marrying the lucky winner, and insisted on
her returning the money to those who had
taken chances. But the result was satisfac-
tory, for Miss Magie got a husband and also
the money to cultivate her voice, which was
the real object of her raffle.

ALondon tea company once offered a hus-
band to its most successful saleswoman. The
offer read, ‘‘The canvasser who sells the
most tea during six months will receive, in
addition to a prize of $2,500, the privilege of
marrying any single male member of this
firm. Should he refuse to marry her we will
pay her breach of promise damages, $500,
extra. >’ The young woman who was suc-
cessful in the contest looked at the single
men in the flrm, grew sarcastic over the
limited field offered her to make a choice,
and accepted the $500 as breach of promise
instead, She then married her real fiance
and started a rival tea business immediately
afterwards. ,

A pretty Scots girl, Miss Marie Porter, could
not decide which of two lovers she preferred,
so allowed them to play a game of archery
for her. She married the lucky winner.

BRITISH TO RECRUIT NEGROES

It was announced by a Chicago correspond-
ent recently, that the British recruiting
mission in that city isattempting to raise a
battalion of negroes, subjects of Great Brit-
ain, in Chicago. If the effort is successtul
the battalion will be trained in Chicago and
later attached to the British army, with
British pay.

The mission is also recuiting among friend-
ly aliens. This departure was taken because
of many applications from Poles and Bohe-
mians. It is said that this will afford service
to many not eligible at present to serve in
the United States Army.

U. S. PAYS $20,000,000 FOR MOTORS

A Washington report isto the effect that
motor trucks worth $20,000,000, 10,650 in all,
are to be in the trenches by Christmas.

The War Department recently awarded
contracts for the trucks, the largest contract
ever made here. Deliveries are to be made
by Dec. 1. Prices, because far below the
market price, were not made public.

The awards were: One and one-half ton
trucks— Pierce-Arrow, 800; Garford, 900;
Jeffrey, 3,000. Two ton trucks— Locomobile,
400; Packard, 1,800; Four Horse Power Truck
Company, 3,750.
