---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_144.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

w————-———_—N
m

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W L. Bect. WSk Pt
Cubs 43517 (16 Athletics 26 34 433
‘Ninth STEREDRSIE525 Printers 19 40 322
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W. L. Pect. Waesls sSSPt
New York 74 41 643 | Chicago 61 61 500
Philies 65 48 575 Brooklyn 57 60 491
St. Louis 62 58 517 Boston 49 62 441
Cincinatti 64 62 508 Pittsburg 38" 79 325
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
W- L. Bet. Wes T =Pet
Chicago 78 46 629 New York 56 62 475
Boston 73 47 608 Washingt'n 55 64 462
Cleveland 68 58 540 St. Louis 48 176 387
Detroit 64 59 520 Athletics 4 174 373

(Continued from page 1.)
least handle one kind of score the better.
Final score 6 to 3 in favor of the delegates.

The 1st Section for their Saturday outing
found themselves favored by the weather-
man. We ‘%knock wood’’ while we say it,
but that gentleman has been very partial to
the Club all summer; at any rate, he brought
forth his very best brand of weather for the
occasion, and everybody went in for ‘‘tea,”’
voting it the ‘‘End of a Perfect Day.”’

The parade, as a function, was a very
well attended affair; our President was on
hand previous to its starting, and personally
swept all would-be slackers into line. No
excuses, except a missing leg, or a
doctor’s certificate of total disability, being
accepted. As a result, the ranks were un-
usually full, and the stone-pile ‘‘bleachers’’
for once deserted. ‘‘Slackers’ will have to
have a better excuse than that ‘‘tired feel-
ing’’ to get by in the future. The 1st Block
again covered themselves with glory by their
fine marching; and by a new ruling will lead
the line at the next outing of the 1st Section:
the 9th Block, as the second best marchers,
going into second place. In the future the
blocks, and galleries making the best appear-
ance in line, will be given the place of honor
at the head of the parade, when their Section
is next out. All members of the Awkward
Squads, please note. Also, it has been noted,
that many members show a regrettable ten-
dency to begin dropping out of line as soon
as the Greenhouse is passed. Certainly, we
are all aware that it is a long and weary
way from there to the Garage grounds
where the parade should properly be dis-
banded; but we fear we must ask you to at-
tempt it, as the officers and delegates, by
themselves make but a thin, and sorry col-
umn. Stay in the ranks until the band stops
playing, and the order is given to disperse;
the few moments delay will make the ensuing
rest all the sweeter.

Professor Wiegandt’s well-oiled machine
was in the most perfect working order, and
the music furnished us in the course of the
afternoon was well up to the band’s high

standard of excellence. While in every avail-
able nook and corner about the yard an im-
promptu concert with guitar or mandolin
was staged, the air about the 12th Block and
the stone-pile was a-quiver with melody. We
really think that Boston must yield the palm
to us as a musical center. Any one doubting
this statement is referred to the Professor,
who is ready to support it with other than
mere words.

The celebrated Afro-American Quartette
(B 7553, 8354, 8390, 4258) was again very much
in evidence, singing us a couple of ballads
during an intermission in the music. B 6517
gave a very realistic exhibition of his skill in
balancing small objects, which was much ap-
preciated by his audience, though the pre-
vailing breeze prevented his doing full justice
to his powers. Then ‘‘Paddy’’ (B 7545) the
comedian from the Old Sod, obliged with
three of his best selections, featuring the
““Irish Race,’’ though we regret that he left
his hearers in some doubt as to the winner;
but we are betting on the Irish.

Mr. Dipple, whom we are always glad to
see, spent a part of the afternoon with us,
and he had a cheery word of greeting for all.

The chess and checker enthusiasts fore-
gathered as usual about the 12th Block and
waged endless battle during the afternoon.
Under the head of Useless Information we
will here state that there were undoubtedly
more king rows entered during the course of
the aftertoon than there are three-story
houses in this city of homes.

Of course the afternoon would have been
incomplete without the ball games, both of
which were bitterly fought and fairly won.
The encounter between the Tigers and Black
Demons, though not so bloody as one might
expect from the title of the contestants, was
none the less exciting. The Black Demons
didn’t perform very well as Tiger tamers,
having a score of 8 to 3 ‘‘scratched’’ up
against them. In the remaining game the
1st Block team showed an almost German
ruthlessness and efficiency *in their manner
of marching and countermarching over the
quivering forms of the 8th Block Gladiators.
We will respect the feelings of the latter
block and refrain from publishing the real
inside facts of the tragedy; but will merely
state that the score was 8 to 1, and let our
readers draw their own conclusions.

Our elder members are having the time of
their lives playing croquet, and many a spir-
ited contest is staged on that royal battle-
ground at the garage. All the enthusiasm
and fire of their youth springs to the surface
as soon as they sight that place, so gener-
ously and kindly set aside by the Club’s Of-
ficers, for their enjoyment. Their apprecia-
tion and gratitude to Warden McKenty and
Officers of the Club is boundless. And one
might take a walk out to that ‘“Old Man’s
Playground’’ and who would he find but little
“Jimmie Double-O’’ trying his very best, if
you please, to see how far he can make a

ball roll, some day he might be champion,
providing ‘“Woob’’ retires, let’s hope he does,
one likes to win a few games once in a while
and perhaps retire, but this is impossible so
long as ‘“Rube’” has a doubt of his superior-
ity, and we hope this will never be, for no-
thing is so exciting as when ‘‘Rube’’ and
‘‘Pete’’ clash in a battle royal for the day’s
honors, and these have been divided pretty
evenly lately, but for more information see
“Pete.”’

The Officers of the Club havebeen making
observations of the men that seem to play
‘‘every’’ day, either at the crokinole board
or on the croquet ground, now boys, give
your older comrades a chance, do not crowd
them out of their pleasure hours, if it is pos-
sible that you have a chance to play think of
some other man and give him a chance.
Nothing will be said as long as there is no
infringement of the rights of our older mem-
bers, but do not take it for a loafing ground.
We would like to see you observe this, for
some day you young men will be ‘‘old’’ too, and
then how about it, if a man comes along but-
ting in on some highly exciting game, it mat-
ters not what, that you are having. You
will feel just like your older comrades feel
when you crowd them out of their pleasure.
Let’s give them a chance, boys.

Next Saturday, September 1st, the 2nd
Section will be out as follows: 7 G, 4 B, 3 B,
5B, 5G4 G 470 B: —B 8266

JEWISH INMATES APPRECIATE GIFT

The Jewish inmates of this institution are
desirous of expressing their thanks and ap-
preciation to Mr. Abraham Rosenberg, of
this city, for his kindness in donating a num-
ber of useful books for their use and edifica-
tion.

Mr. Frank F. Eiseman of816 No. 8th street,
this city, visited this institution on Saturday
last and gave each Jewish inmate a copy of
the Bible, for which the undersigned desires
to express thanks and appreciation.

—B 7038

Eight years ago W. C. Carl, a contractor
and builder of East St. Louis, Ill., announced
he could build a house in a day. The house,
a story and a half cottage of three rooms and
a bath, was begun at 7in the morning and
at 6 that evening the tenants were eating
their first supper. \

Germany, where iron money of small de-
nomination has for a long time been in cir-
culation, is not alone in suffering such a
stringency. Russia is having printed dupli-
cates of the Romanoff jubilee postage stamps
on heavy cardboard, the pieces to have the
value as money of the stamp denomination,
while in England also a new treasury note
has been put in circulation, value, $1 10s.

FOR EXCHANGE—Mandolin in good condi-
tion, with cover and tuner to exchange for a
guitar. B 8312, 2nd Block.

