---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_145.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

NOl.- V1

Philadelphia, September 5. 1917

NO. 35

GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY
CELEBRATED BY REVEREND
MICHAEL A. O’KANE

Catholic High Mass was celebrated at the
Chapel of this institution on Sunday last;
the Rev. John J. Walsh, S. J., was the cele-
~ brant.

A special program of classical church mu-
sic was arranged to grace the occasion, as it
marked the fiftieth or gelden anniversary of
the Rev. Father Michael A. O’Kane, S. J.,
in Holy orders. The inmate choir was under
the able direction of Professor Joseph Welsh
and gave a fine rendition of the sacred music,
well worthy of the highest praise.

The selections were: ‘‘Kyrie,”” Ro Sewig;
““Gloria,’” Loesch; Lejeal’s ‘‘Credo;’’ Sanc-
tus,’”’ ‘‘Benedictus,”” ‘‘Agnus Dei,”” Loesch;
‘“Ave Maria,”” Knabe; Communion, ‘‘Jesu
Audi Nos;’’ Recessional, ‘*Sio Nomen Domini
Benedictum,’’ Cagliero.

At the close of the Recessional, Warden
Robt. J. McKenty was presented to Father
O’Kane, and after offering his congratula-
tions the Warden took the occasion to exhort
the inmates present to follow the teaching of
their church in their daily lives. He was
followed by Mr. A. A. Boyle, who is a prom-
inent and active member of the American
Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners. Mr.
Boyle paid tribute to the splendid work of
Father O’Kane in his fifty years of ministry
to the faithful, dwelling upon his rare per-
sonality and sympathetic nature that has en-
deared him to his "associates and the laity
alike. Kind, loving and ever ready to do his
utmost to relieve sorrow and trouble where
possible, it is not to be wondered at that Fa-
ther O’Kane is held in the highest esteem by
all.

As a fitting final for the occasion, a purse
of $100 in gold, subscribed by inmate mem-
bers of the Church, was presented to Rev.
Father O’Kane by B 5845, with a few intro-
ductory remarks by Overseer Mahadey. Fa-
ther O’Kane was visibly affected by the
token of high esteem, and, as he remarked,
“‘mere words failed to express his deep ap-
preciation for the offering.’”” His blessing
of “God love you,”” will live in the memory
of all who were present.

The man who confessed that he evaded
military registration because be was afraid
to fight, ought to be exempted on the ground
of mental and moral deficiency. He is not of
the stuff of which good soldiers are made.

But if he were to be decorated with a fit-
ting badge of exemption for cowardice, a few
weeks of privileged freedom might serve to
change his mind.

SPECIAL SERVICE OF MUSIC
AND SONG FOR INMATES

A special service of sacred song and select
music was provided for tne inmates of this
institution by Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, on Sun-
day afterncon last, the E. S. P. choir and
orchestra rendering the various numbers
with such consummate skill that unstinted
praise was to be heard from all in attendance
at the musical medley. Particular mention
of Master Wiegandt’s showing of techniqe
at the piano is fully justified by his clever
performance.

The program was as follows:

PROGRAM

L. Hymn No. 143 (RB.)
a)—Fight the Good Fight
b) —Take Me as I Am, (R. B. 123)

2.« "Hymn No. 193:(R.*B.) Lowell Mason
a) — Work, for the Night is Coming
b) —Abide With Me. (R. B. 196)

3. Hymn No. 37 (B. S.) Peter Bilhorn
a) —I Will Sing the Wondrous Story
b)—His Love can Never Fail (B. S. 78)

4. Hymn No. 51 (B. 8.)

a) —Only One Way
b) —Master, the Tempest is Raging.
A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

A. E. Lind

Wednesday's Games

Athletics vs. Ninth

The Athletics had things all their way at
the game with the Ninth on Wednesday at
the Garage grounds, coming off with a final
score of 8—4 in their favor. Jacoby pitched
for the Athleties, striking out 11, with 1 pass
and 8 hits scored off him. Johnnie was in
the box for the Ninth and proved an easy
mark for his opponents, as he was found for

9 hits and 3 passes, striking out 5. Mack’s
three-base hit featured.

RETH SRR
Athletics....303100100-8 9 i
Ninth#& = 1010110004 8 0

Three-base hit— Mack.
Two-base hits—Jacoby, Johnnie, D. C.,
B 8541. ; :
Umpires—Jerry and Windy.
Printers vs. Cubs

The Printers played a close game of ball
with the Cubs on Wednesday at the Store-
house grounds, with a final score of 2-1 in
their favor. Bobbie’s three-base hit enliven-
ed the game.

Boston pitched for the Printers, striking
out 9 and allowing 5 hits. Chick was at the

mound for the Cubs, but was in poor form.
He struck out 6, walked 8 and allowed 4

hits. The game attracted a large delegation
of fans.

RS H e e
Printers e 12000 1-0:0°0 02554 =0
Cubsueagn ORORORISOFOROROR0=="15E 5 1

Three-base hit— Bobbie.
Two-base hit—Jordan.
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Friday’s Games

Athletics vs. Ninth

The game played at the Garage grounds on
Friday between the Athletics and Ninth,
proved another victory for the former team
by the score of 6-4. There were no startling
features in the game. Charlie No. 1 pitched
for the Athletics, striking out 12, walked 3
and allowed only 2 hits. Charlie No. 2 pitch-
ed for the Ninth, but did not prove very ef-
fective. He was found for 6 hits and allow-
ed 3 passes, striking out 6.

Two-base hits—Jacoby 2, and Spookie.

Umpires—Jimmie and Windy.

Printers vs. Cubs

The Printers-Cubs’ game playved at the
Storehouse grounds on Friday wound up in a
tie which will be played off at another time.
Both teams played goodball and the pitchers
were about evenly matched. Bud was in the
box for the Cubs, striking out 8, walked 2
and allowed only 3 hits. Boston pitched
for the Printers and did not allow any passes.
He struck out 8 and allowed 2 hits.

R LR
Printers: -~ oo 1700408202020 1—3 31 . «2
............. 0'1:0:0.020:1"1 0—3 2l

Two-base hits—Sheehan and Harvey.
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the delegate meeting on Tuesday of
last week little worthy of remark occurred.
A delinquent member was reinstated, with
an official warning to ‘‘watch your step’’ in
the future. The Treasurer reported the
treasury in flourishing condition, with a bal- -
ance of $119.85. The Chairman (A 8432) in-
troduced B 7978 as the new delegate from
the 6th Block, and a ringing vote of confi-
dence was tendered him. On motion of B
7579 the Rev. F. T. M. Webster, D. D., was
elected an honorary member of the Club and
the Secretary instructed to notify him to
such effect.

The ball game between the Club Officers
and Delegates on Tuesday afternoon was—

(Continued on page 4.)
