---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_146.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

- e —————————————————————————————————
e e s

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, September 5, 1917.

“We may be sure that we are blind guides

when sefishness has blinded our moral and
spiritual vision.’’

AS A MAN THINKETH

It is maost certain that when one thinks of
hard luck and failure they form a mental
image of the same. They constantly remind
themselves of the very thing that they are
trying to blot out of the memory. And you
may depend upon it that as long as one con-
templates any mental or moral discrepancy,
just so long will he be working under the
disadvantage of a handicap. By thinking of
destruction, negative things, we are bound
to create mental images of defeat and fail-
ure.

Not only is that true, but when a man has
begun to lose confidence in his power to win,
he loses the moral force that leads to sue-
cess; and at the same time he destroys such
confidence as others may have had in him.
Some may think that others may not know
of their weakness, but the fact remains that
others do know.

The truth is that when a man doesnot feel
able to cope with a situation, and is mentally
depressed, he is below par and lacks the
power of purpose essential to win out.

A man may be played out, or worked out,
but very few men really get worked out;
they usually dance too long on the, great
highway of worldly pleasure; then nature
steps in and ca.ls a halt for the time being.

If men could be brought to understand
this, and that the mind is directly influenced
by what they do and by what they think,
and that on the attitude of their mind they
must rely for mental co-operation and will-
ness to work, a great deal of trouble and
sorrow would be prevented.

The world generally accepts a man’s own
estimate of himself. What one thinks of
himself is transmitted through thought and
action to another, and one’s own trend of
mind has much to do with the degree of con-
fidence others may place in him.

Perhaps it would be well to remember
that the world seems ever ready to help the
man going up and to boot the man going
down.

BIBLES NOW IN GREAT DEMAND

We have it from a writer in the Evening
Bulletin that never before was there such a
demand for Bibles, and the supply is insuffi-
cient, in spite of all efforts of the publishers.
In some degree this is due to a demand for
small Bibles or New Testaments for soldiers,
but this only accounts for alittle of the short-
age. All persons seem to be wanting to
read the Scriptures.

- This will console those who have felt that
the Higher Criticism, the results of scholarly
researches in anthropology and archzeology,
the apparent growth of infidelity, and the
assumed carelessness of people indicated that
the nation had become Godless, and had
abandoned, or was abandoning, the Bible as
the source of truth. Itis true in some re-
spects the Bible occupies a different position
now than two generations ago. Nowadays
not so much reliance is placed by many good
Christians on verbal inerrancy'or plenary in-
spiration. Less is made of special texts as
having universal application to all periods of
history. On the other hand.there is proba-
bly a deeper reverence for the Bible than
ever as a source of truth.

All the caustic criticisms of the late RoB-
ERT INGERSOLL on the ‘‘Mistakes of Moses,”’
etc., have not affected the reverence of
people for Scripture. They do not go to the
Bible to study geology or zoology, or any
other science. They go to it to find the story
of God’s relations to mankind.

Those who think the war shows the world
Is going straight to religious infidelity are
mistaken. For it is when men are in trouble
that they call on God and find him.

ARMY RIBBONS AND THEIR MEANING

Many inquiries have beén made of the
War Department by curiously minded persons,
as to the significance of the various insignia
worn on the uniforms of officers and enlisted
men of the U. S. Army, which has been re-
plied to as follows:

The little strips of parti-colored ribbon
worn on the left breast, each of a prescribed
length of oneand three-eightinches, are Army
service ribbons, each ribbon having its own
particular significance. The strips are sym-
bols standing for medals and campaign badges
which the bearer is entitled to wear, says
the Army and Navy Journal. There are ten
of these honors recognized by the Army.
Two are medals of honor, one a certificate of
merit and the others badges of historic cam-
paigns. Obviously it would be impractical
for the possessor to wear his medals and
badges on his service uniform, and so he
wears the little ribbon symbol instead. The
ribbons are as follows:—

Congressional Medal of Honor— White stars
on a field of light blue silk. This medal is
awarded only by Congress for some particular
deed of gallantry in action. It is the most
coveted of all Army honors.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

Certificate of Merit Badge—Two red white
and blue bands separated by a thin band of
white, the blue being outermost in each in-
stance. This honor is conferred by the Pres-
ident.

Philippines Congressional Medal— Blue band
in center flanked by stripes. of white, red,
white and blue, the blue on the outermost
edges of the ribbon. This ribbon is worn by
those men who stayed in the service after the
conclusion of the Spanish-American war to
put down the Philippine insurrection.

Civil War—Campaign ribbon of equal sized
bands of blue and gray. '

Indian Wars—Bright red, with narrow
edges of deeper red.

Spanish Campaign— Alternating stripes of
yellow and blue. This is the most familiar
of all campaign ribbons.

Philippine Campaign—Blue band in center,
flanked by narrower bands ofred, blue edges.

Cuban Occupation—(time of Spanish war
and several years thereafter) —Blue in center,
flanked by narrow yellow stripes, then broad-
er red stripes and finally blue borders.

Cuban Pacification (indicating service in -
Cuba during the period 1906-1909, when the
United States straigthened out governmental
affairs for the new republic)—Broad olive
drab center, flanked by three narrow stripes.

CAFE DANCING DOOMED

Very little effort will be required to finish
off for all time that silliest of costumes—
restaurant and cafe dancing. People are
tiring quickly of the insistent end unsatis-
factory hodge podge of foxtrot, viands and
small talk. Like all crazes which have raged
for the diversion of mankind, the combina-
tion of dancing, dining and wining has been
overdone and as many of the leading men and
women have withdrawn from these public
shows, their examples will have numerous
followers. The basic idea is wrong. There
is something personal in the dance and it
should be pursued under the canopy of pri-
vacy. Without wishing to infringe on any
democratic ideas, one must point out that
there is something incongruous in the melee,
when nice debutantes rub shoulders with
women who have distorted the meaning of
““life’s great adventure.’’

Peru’s 1914 foreign trade amounted to $66, -
163,571.
